5	Great soft opening meal. The tatter tots, beets and Amish chicken were particular stars.  Can't wait until the full open.
4	Good food.  Were facinated by the bar bits and starters, so decided to go with a nosh dinner had smelts, pickeled veggies, pate, parsnip and celery root soup, deviled eggs, chopped salad, and mac cheese.  All the food was good and for a newly opened restaurant the service was amazingly together.  We even had a wine by the glass which was corked and they fixed it without problem.  The wine list was not deep, but what they had was reasonably priced.All in all if you were looking for a gastro-pub in Champaign, this fits the bill.
5	We don't usually go to newly opened restaurants until they've been open for a month ... but so glad we went!  The food was delicious!  Service was amazing!  Ambiance delightful!.  Had a little of everything ... deviled egg, fries, chili with corn bread, mac and cheese - (mac and cheese is a little pricey) (sorry, but Boltinis mac and cheese has you beat on this one) -- and of course dessert .... rhubarb crunch and sweet potato waffles (the sea salted ice cream .. YUM!).  Of course, beer and a Glider before and during dinner.  Great job!  We will definitely be back and feel that this will go on our favorites list.  Another great downtown Champaign restaurant/bar!
4	A lot better than the nursing home kitchen that used to be in this spot.The table popcorn would make Sacagawea proud.My turkey sandwich had no idea as it sat upon my plate that it would soon become the best fucking turkey sandwich to ever grace my sweet filthy mouth.I will be back.The water glasses are kindergarden-sized, which isn't a problem if your staff is well trained to keep them full. Our server was on top of it, but no water glass could be filled without an "excuse me", or "I'm sorry...I just need to grab...there...thanks!", or "would you like more water?" Just fill my goddamn glass until it's over fucking flowing and don't interrupt my lunch conversation. Of course I want more water! It's still pretty affordable, is it not? Be generous. And even if I didn't need additional water, I would sooner watch you silently pour water into my glass until the fucking floor was wet than engage in a pro/con discussion about whether to refill my fucking cup. Just fill it up like Kevin McAllister's uncle told the flight attendant.
4	There are several restaurants here in Chambana that want to be like the Big Grove, but this place is the real deal. So happy to see it open! We tried a little bit of everything last night and it was all very good -- as described, midwestern classics nicely prepared with a twist or two. We started with cocktails and bar bites, split a salad, main courses, and dessert. Our favorites were the cucumber-y patio pounder cocktail, tater tots, and amazing sweet potato waffles. Overall, too, I was most impressed with all of the vegetables, which (when they were cooked) were cooked to crunchy perfection and beautifully balanced with spices and sauces.It's ironic, then, that the one weak spot on the menu is veggies. I'm a mostly-veggie eater, and it's always a bit depressing to see only one vegetarian main dish (the complex and creamy macaroni and cheese, which can be made without bacon). I'm confident that vegetarians could put together a good meal from sides and salads, and the lovely whitefish works for pescetarians like me. But: the chef is clearly talented, and so I'd love to see the menu rounded out with a few interesting pure veggie options.Either way, I know that we'll be back to explore further! Next time, we'll have to be early enough for my husband to try the burger...
5	I have been here for a Soft Opening dinner and their first official lunch. I was not disappointed by either. For dinner we tried 4 of the 6 starters and all I have to say is that the hash browns were excellent and I could probably eat the pickled veggies every day and never tire of them. The Pate is a must try and the deviled eggs are just perfect. We tried 4 of the soups/salads and while I was not a fan of the seared pork belly, others at the table thought it was very good but the cheesy grits on the bottom were amazing. The cornbread was delightful (almost as good as Black Dog) and the chili just right. I look forward to trying the other items. The entrees were a great size and very well done. I had the pan seared fish which was perfectly cooked and had a side of pickled veggies. The cornbread stuffing on another plate was so good. The chicken was very tasty. The steak was cooked to a great temp. We also had the mac and cheese, they seem to understand that people like cheese and bacon because this dish did not disappoint. I plan on going for dinner many times. For lunch we were disappointed that the burger had already run out but we will have to go back earlier to try it. The steak sandwich was very good but the star on that plate was the Sweet Potato Chips, they were absolutely delicious. The horseshoe was very good and I especially enjoyed the sauce. I will be heading over there again for lunch very soon.This place is a great addition to downtown Champaign and a great replacement to Jim Gould's. The decor is very well suited to the atmosphere the place is trying to convey. I love that they expanded the bar. The prices are a bit high compared to some of the other places downtown but the food is of such a great quality that it is well worth the price.My biggest disappointment is that I am always too full to try the desserts because they look very good.
3	I don't think the food was terribly special, especially for the price. We tried two appetizers: fries and the fried fish. They were good, not great. Entrees, we had the pork chops and the roasted chicken. What made both of these dishes great were the other flavors in the dish. So to me, it seemed like the chicken;pork was more of a "side" than the main highlight of the dish. Overall, the flavors were really nice, but it wasn't anything terribly special.I would give this a 3.5. I might try this one more time and get something new, but if my overall impression is the same, it'll be the last time.So far, I preferred the other place that used to be there.
4	Probably the best place to eat in town now.  A quasi-Portland style menu with some unexpected combinations.  Cocktail prices are the bomb.  Cocktails are not large but I'm not complaining. Very good deviled egg.
2	Went for lunch last week...maybe the chef has changed since the soft opening as I found nothing overwhelming about the menu and would agree with one reviewer who described it as expensive and limited. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich and it was described as coming with mixed greens since I'd rather have that than sweet potato chips and there was no salad when I got my sandwich. When I asked the waitress she said my salad was on my sandwich...which did have a piece of lettuce on the bottom. Besides that my sandwich was very dry and tasteless. My lunch mate wanted a cup of chili and was told emphatically they only had bowls but when it arrived it was the smallest cup of chili I have seen and for 7$?  The cornbread was bigger than the cupAnother person in the party had the burger.  The 12$ burger. When it arrived it looked like a slider.  I do think he said it was good, but there are far better burger for a better price than 12$.Our bill for lunch for 4 was 70$. Way too expensive for lunch. Even a NYC lunch but the food was not worth it at all.  On the way out a couple diners seated next to us said they couldn't wait to get on their Facebook accounts to let people know how bad this place is. And we agree. I give this place 6 months. Save your money and go to destihl or any other burger joint for better food
4	We went for an early Saturday night dinner, drawn in by new fine dining in the area (which is limited) and the promise of local farm to table style. We are huge fans of many local farm efforts, which can be sampled at the Common Ground Co-op and the Market at the Square on Saturdays at Lincoln Square Mall -- and now, Big Grove Tavern.First, the food, from a foodie perspective: Fresh product, well selected and well cared for. The flavors of the natural food are highlighted. The preparation is often minimally invasive. The technique is classic French. The flavor profile is quiet. My partner and I both wished for something a touch bolder. For example, the deviled eggs, a pre-starter, have yolks mixed with peas. We would suggest adding an acid note, perhaps a pickle. It was nice that they brought out flavored popcorn as a freebie with our drinks -- a feature at BGT. The flavor of the night was white truffle oil -- and you could taste the oil. That was a real win.For starters, my partner had the chili and cornbread, and I had the chicken liver pate with pickled onions and stewed rhubarb. I think mine was better -- really delicious, with rich, deeply flavorful pate contrasted against the rhubarb, which gave the bite the sweet and sour it needed to cut through. The farmstyle, whole grain bread had a wonderful crunch. The cornbread was a bit too refined -- it needed  more crust and less cake, more corn flavor and less cafe baked-good sweetness. The chili was savory, but mild--no real taste of chilis.The entree and dessert courses were both very good, especially dessert. My partner had the short ribs, which were beautifully medium rare -- not a hint over or under. I had the roast chicken with dumplings, which was amazingly good. Crisp skin, moist and flavorful meat, with a delicious herb broth under. Three dumplings that tasted like a delicate stuffing and had a satisfying bite. Slices of asparagus that also had a nice bite and a lovely green flavor still -- not at all cooked out. The portions seemed just right -- not too much and not too little.For dessert, my partner had the rhubarb crisp and i had the chocolate pot de creme. Both were really superb: refined, flavorful, rich, balanced. Nothing fussy -- just satisfaction in every bite, with very good coffee on the side (they use a medium blend from the Columbia Street Roastery -- a fine choice).The food is not bold. Or experimental. Or imaginative. But it is good, very good -- much better, I thought, in terms of technique than Carmon's Bistro.It's clear from the limited but well selected menu that the chef behind it is attempting to appeal to middlebrow Midwestern tastes, but doing it in such a quality way that I found it kind rather than condescending. People who don't necessarily like a chi-chi dining experience will enjoy the food, and those who do like fine dining will think it is predictable in its selections but well done nonetheless.Second, the decor and atmosphere: I generally like the blend of industrial and contemporary tavern that the interior designer seems to have been going for, although the dark colors dominate a little too much, despite the effort to add bits of fun in the lighting options. BGT has a chic, young vibe -- somewhere between casual and serious. Dark gray walls with a black drop tile ceiling, black wire-cage pendant lamps with industrial bulbs of different shapes (reminds me of the recent Restoration Hardware line), bleached branch chandeliers over the bar area, outdoor party-lights with clear exposed globe bulbs interlaced with raw blond planks (one off note: the planks have lumber-yard stamps, which may be a bit too low-end for what they were going for),  fairly inexpensive light-wood grain tables and nicely selected dark chairs--if a bit flimsy--and booth upholstery. I hope that over time BGT will invest in some better art pieces, and ones that bring more interest and warmth to the interior. There's seating outside too, if you're a smoker or don't mind getting it second hand.Third, cost: Yes, yes, it's on the expensive side. BGT is fine dining, not family dining. I won't be eating here every night either. Of course, any diner can make the meal more affordable by just sticking with an entree, rather than getting the whole shebang -- I'd guess for dinner that this would run you $20-25 tops. But if you have a deeper pocket that night, the whole shebang here could run you $100 with tip for two -- and you still won't feel cheated. The value is here, given the quality of experience.Fourth, service: BGT has a young, eager service staff. They took good care of us, and every other table I could see. From beginning to end, we enjoyed our time here.
2	With an emphasis on locally sourced foods, and a chef from California, we were hoping the local food movement could come to Central Illinois as successfully as it has in Northern California: excellent, innovative, and well prepared food that supports local farmers and ranchers while often exceeding the expectations of diners. Alas, it is not to be.In spite of many available tables, we were seated in a dark and cavernous (all in black) alcove.  Although elsewhere it was the bright light of day, we were barely able to make out the menu in the darkness.  We ordered wine by the glass to start; they waved the bottle over the glass and delivered a very small quantity for a full price pour.  Actually, I like the option of small-glass, but only if they offer the option of paying accordingly...I've had larger pours at free wine tastings around town.  Illinois is beer country, and as they are going local perhaps we would have been better to order a local brew.We waited a long time for our food, allowing our meager splash of wine to warm in the glass so as to save the few swallows to have with our meal.  At long last when it arrived, the spouse's was pleasant enough but mine was not at all as described.  I had ordered the chicken salad on wheat bread with greens; one of the few sandwiches that did not say it was served with chips. All flavors were erased by a thick layer of Dijon mustard and it was served on very dried out toast with chips on the side.  The "greens" were a piece of lettuce inserted between the mass of mustard and the dried out bread.  The person at the next table ordered the same dish and had the same impression, asking the waitress where the greens were and commenting on the dried out toast. It was supposed to have tarragon and other interesting ingredients, but every flavor was eclipsed by the strong Dijon mustard.Don't know if it was the worst lunch I had since moving here last summer, but it was clearly the most expensive bad lunch I have had, approaching $50 for two sandwiches--one nearly inedible--and a smidgeon of wine. This was very expensive for mixed quality, not a good value.Pluses: I like that they are trying to source from local farms, although I missed having a fish or seafood option on the menu.  The staff was very friendly. Minuses: Expensive, very small portions, descriptions on menu not accurate, food quality uneven, some bad seating locations.  I gave it two stars for the effort to source locally and the friendliness of the staff.  I a willing to give them a try again in a couple of months to see if they iron out the kinks, but only if I am feeling extravagant.
3	Big Grove is fine, but that's all it is.  Unfortunately it just doesn't make sense to pay $15 for just a good hamburger.  If it were less expensive; maybe more in line with Blackdog or Dublin O'Neils prices it may have gotten 4 stars (whereas those other restaurants get 5 stars and 4 stars respectively). We started off with some deviled eggs that were good, and a fresh baked pretzel that had an unappealing mustard sauce.  I'll take Gulden's over that mustard sauce any day.  I ordered the burger and my girlfriend ordered a chicken salad sandwich.The burger was actually pretty good, cooked medium, with an egg and some onion maramalade on it.  The fries were decent but nothing to write about.The chicken salad was just a terrible sandwich.  Maybe one small scoop of flavorless chicken salad on hard toast for $9?  Get that thing off the menu.  Seriously.  People who order that sandwich will not come back.   The sweet potato chips on the side were pretty tasty though.Overall, not as great as I had hear, though maybe the chicken salad ruined the experience.  You want a burger, go to Blackdog or Farrens for a comparable one that costs half the price.  Want chicken salad better than this, go to your local gas station and buy a pre-made chicken salad.All that said, I'll give it another try.
5	Thanks to Big Grove we have a fine dining establishment that bases their menu on fresh and local ingredients.  I went there with my husband for our anniversary, but I can easily see going back for a more casual meal, or even for drinks and bar snacks.  Every table starts with slightly sweet popcorn and we were promptly visited by our friendly and helpful wait staff.  We had the chicken liver pate, bistro filet, house made sausage, and the tater tots.  Everything we tasted was delicious!  I can't wait to go back and work my way through the menu.
4	We went with our kids, which may not have been the best idea, since they are young. However, the waitstaff and food were phenomeal, so we were able to enjoy a great meal as a family.
5	On Wednesday, July 11th a group of seven of us went for dinner. After a week of oppressive heat we were happy to be able to enjoy the weather and sit outside. It was great. We started with the tater tots and deviled eggs for appetizers. I loved the tater tots. They're not your typical frozen tots. They had some kind of apple puree sauce on the plate. Initially, I was skeptical, potato and apple together? It was delicious though. Holy cow. I really enjoyed that. I wish more than 4 came in an order though. The deviled eggs were nice, also. I really got a lot of the sweet pea flavor. It sounds odd but it was great and added a freshness to the egg. For dinner, several of us got the burger. Ohhhh my gosh. It was great. Cooked to the perfect temperature. It was a combo of bison, pork, and beef. The red onion marmalade on top was awesome. It added a sweetness and a lot of great flavor. A couple other people had the fried egg on top and they enjoyed it. The bun wasn't store bought and tasted homemade, very similar to what my husband bakes. It was nice to have a bun that doesn't disintegrate. The hand cut fries that came with the burger were the best fries I have had in years. Another friend INHALED the white fish. I didn't taste it but he said it was great. Someone else got the pork belly and kohlrabi gratin. She said it was great and was really happy with her choice. I wish I hadn't been at the opposite end of the table so I could have stolen a bite. It looked good. For a cocktail I had the Tavern Infusion. It was great and refreshing. There was a good selection of beer and wine, too. I stuck with one cocktail and water though. It was a nice touch when the owner came around to the tables and said hi and checked on us and other tables. She seemed really nice. Everyone at our table enjoyed the meal. We will definitely be back again, hopefully sooner than later.
5	Great new option in downtown Champaign.  Everything about this place has a light touch--both casual and selective.  The welcome snack is a daily-fresh made popcorn with a rotating seasoning.  Ours was crazy good, but we had to ask the server to place the flavor:  cumin & orange zest!  Apparently the chef regularly changes it.The tap and bottle list is craft beer lover's friend. Not trying to outdo a number-of-taps contest, but all the right choices were there. Especially loved the slightly sarcastic "These Beers?" bottom of section of the menu for those who want a Bud Light instead.Tater tots are like nothing you've seen: homemade and tasty with an apple sauce. The smoked bacon practically jumped off the deviled eggs.The menu feels relatively small when you're used to the pages and pages on your typical chain.  And I wouldn't mind if they expanded it a bit, but there were so many good looking items, I think it will take several visits without any boredom. That most of the ingredients are locally bought makes it worth it.Service was exactly what you expect from a place like this: a whole step above any chain restaurant. Constant attention, knowledgeable about the food, funny and warm, but never over-intrusive. Perfect!Nice job, Big Grove Tavern.  We'll be back.
3	I want to give them 4 stars but their menu needs some work.  They have put a great deal of thought into the atmosphere and aesthetic of the restaurant but not enough into what the customer wants to eat.  I have visited three times and each time I go I come away a little more disappointed.  The unique menu loses its appeal when the food is more satisfying to look at on the plate than it is to taste.  The ice cream sandwich dessert was perhaps the toughest dessert I have ever ordered at any restaurant.  Their one vegetarian friendly option was mac and cheese which gets tiresome to vegetarians.  With the volume of alternative diets being practiced, especially in a college town, I assumed a trendy place like this one would cater more to the non-traditional eater.  Their new twists on traditional food abandons the American-fare loving customer, as well as the non-traditionalists.
4	I wouldn't call it a Tavern... I'd put it more in the upscale gastropub category.  Tavern implies dark, cozy, slightly antiqued.  Big Grove is open, airy and modern.The food was good but not phenomenal, but the drinks were great -- and thoughtfully recommended by our waitress, who was nothing short of fantastic.  Seriously.  I so often wish I'd kept track of servers' names, but this one I seriously regret because she deserves a wonderful review directly to her manager.I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm in town.
5	Solid. For sure.First of all, the decor is great. The place is open, airy, and has this beautiful ceiling with old branches. It's very modern but still cozy. I loved it. It totally went with their idea that food should be natural and local, it fit.Our drinks were pretty great. I had the Frasca and my boyfriend had a bourbon drink and both were great. The wine list is kind of sweet too.Then of course, the food! I had the steak which was really really great, especially rare, yum! The potatoes were creamy and everything was just super tasty. My boyfriend absolutely loved his pork tenderloin. The friends we were with had the steak and chicken and loved it too. The portions were also great, I was stuffed when I was done! Next time though, I definitely want to try the appetizers and small plates. Let me also just say that  our server was awesome. Everyone there is super nice and I have a friend that works there. It's just a great crew!After dinner, we had a couple of coffee drinks (with some special stuff in it) and it was a perfect end to a really nice meal. Basically, I'm giving this place four stars because I finally don't have to keep going to Bacaro or Radio Maria for a really nice meal in this town. After being a townie and moving to Chicago, I've come to realize that it's about time that  we get more places like this in Champaign!
4	This is really a 4.5 star rating!  Came for lunch and loved it!  The restaurant is beautiful, the service is fun,helpful, knowledgeable and attentive.  There is also a great outdoor seating area. The food was really great, especially the BLT.  There is an interesting and fairly extensive selection of beers.  My only complaint is that it is a limited lunch menu.
4	I know the whole local concept is hip right now, but Big Grove does it right.  Plus the interior is cool, with open space and interesting visual detail (the branches on the ceiling).  And our waiter was on his game with recommendations and satisfying our motley crew's numerous requests.Our group started with deviled eggs all around.  I tried to take a couple bites, but dang, it was good!  I would have ordered another but our food came pretty quickly after.  Deviled egg doggy bag anyone... or just me?I had the turkey sandwich, which had so much flavor for a turkey sandwich!  Loved the bread, the cheese, the spreads.  Also ordered at our table was the Tavern Burger (which looked like a big, juicy meatball) and the chicken sandwich.Their menu looks different now, which means rotating sandwich toppings and mains = never gets boring.  Their salads, bar snacks and starters all look amazing this time around too.I plan to make this a regular lunch spot when I'm in the area.  Maybe dinner too, so I can try one of their fun sounding cocktails!
5	Thank god for this place. That's really all I can say. Well no, I can say more. But before I get to the meat of my review, no pun intended, let me say that Big Grove Tavern is exactly what this town needed. When Jim Gould's closed I was sad to see it go but what has come in it's place is something really fantastic. From the food to the interior to the crowd, the energy Big Grove gives off is infectious and demonstrates that the confluence of intellect and small-town charm in Champaign can really lead to something amazing.Now on to the food:Popcorn: Come for free as a starter. While I was hoping for bread, I was even happier with this. The popcorn really whets your appetite without being too filling. I hear the flavor changes; it was definitely some kind of lime (think the hint of lime you find certain Mexican foods) flavor when I was there.Tavern Burger: There are so many things I can say about the Tavern Burger. First and most simply, it's delicious. The blend of bison was for me, the most prominent of the three meats that make up the burger but overall I found it to be rich, meaty and just the right amount of gamey given the bison. The onion marmalade, and petite crusty bun complimented the burger without overpowering the taste of the meat. I opted to add the fried egg which led to messy experience given the soft yolk, but a certainly more delicious one. At this point, if I did this right, you are so convinced about the deliciousness of the burger you won't even care to hear about the fries. But hey, if you're still interested: they're completely well-executed- crisp yet still potatoey. Now... onto my other comment on the Tavern Burger. There was some review on here about how the burger is in limited quantities. That's how you know it's fresh and locally sourced! If I wanted something from a freezer I'd head down by the mall and swallow some hormone-laced, bacon-cheese-blue cheese-fried onion-black forest-ham-ranch dressing-heart attack in a bun. If you want a burger that satisfies your burger craving while still being an appreciable entree and cut of meat, come enjoy the Tavern Burger. And if you've missed it, just come back and try again! And frankly, at 12 bucks, it's not that bad. The downtown Champaign restaurant scene generally errs on the more expensive side. Given what Jim Gould's prices used to be like, Big Grove is far more reasonable price-wise in comparison. In sum, ignore the hate, embrace the love, Big Grove will have you leaving full, happy and pleasantly surprised by what Champaign has to offer food-wise.
2	I want to like this place.  I really do!  The food can be quite good!  I would have given this place 4 stars if not for the service, which has been some of the worst I have received in Champaign-Urbana.  More on this shortly.I love select dishes on the menu, but I feel like you have to know what to order.  The burgers are INCREDIBLE.  I never want to eat another burger that is not a mix of beef, bison, and pork.  Awesome.  And the fries with it are great!As much as I enjoy the burgers, there are times that you want some variety.  I know that it is trendy to include deviled eggs on a menu, but this are nothing special.  However, I feel like the pretzel makes up for this.  The pretzel is great and if you like your mustard with a HEAVY amount of spicy horseradish, this is for you!  I also really enjoyed the pork belly, but wish it was larger than just a starter.All of that being said, all of my recent experiences there have been a service disaster!  We have enjoyed going for the Friday outdoor concert series because we can sit outside and enjoy dinner, a beer, and the music.  In fact, until the service problems began we would go every week religiously.  Earlier in the summer the service was not a problem.  However, the past several times we have gone, we have literally had to BEG to be waited upon.  Each of these times, we have arrived, been seated, and then waited for 20-30 minutes before any server came to our table to even take a drink order.  We have had to ask the hostess or manager, some times several times in the same meal, to have one of the wait staff come to our table just to take an order.  The last straw was when the same friend was there for TWO DIFFERENT MEALS IN A ROW (seated at an entirely different table) and she too was talking with the management to try and get someone to take our order.The paranoid person in me worries that this lack of service is because we came with a small child.  Our child is quite well-behaved in a restaurant, but we try to be courteous and go for very early dinners when we know she will not be a problem.  We always try to order the full meal (drinks, dinner, dessert) up front and ask that the bill be given to us when the drinks arrive so we can make a quick get-away if necessary.  My point is that this is the one time that we actually get to go out and enjoy an adult meal and activity and I don't want it regularly spoiled by bad (or nonexistent) service, regardless of whether or not it is because I have a child with me.  I have wasted this time for several weeks in a row at Big Grove and don't plan on doing so again for a long time.  There are plenty of other options in the area.
5	Ok, I had some low expectations coming in, considering Jim Gould's old restaurant was here, and that was a VERY big disappointment, i wasn't expecting a ton from Big Grove Tavern.  Tonight was my 3rd visit, but first for dinner and i was very pleased!I had the Tavern Burger which is a beef, bison & pork burger, red onion marmalade, cornichon aioli, house-cut fries and added the Fried Egg.  I did not get the Aioli on my burger.  It was DELICIOUS!  for me the fried egg made this burger one of, if not THE best in Champaign/Urbana.  And i've had what is considered to be in the top 5 in america at Kuma's Corner in Chicago, its not that good, or that big, but its plenty excellent.  the house cut fries were very good too, i loved the seasoning.my wife raved about the Beer Brined Pork Loin, saying it was "delicious".  The place is a little pricy, but they also have very close attention to detail and the food is all from local area suppliers, which is a nice touch and compliment to the local growers.I will be back again at this restaurant, i can't wait to try the BLT with the egg at lunch next!
3	Warm popcorn in galvanized micro-buckets greeted us with a wonderful crunch and delightful nibble while our beers arrived, the deviled eggs were a true highlight.  Service was wonderful, and there was an understated elegance and relaxation in the staff and the atmosphere.Tiny smelt breaded and fried with lemon mayo were a hit; the wonderfully seasoned pork-belly with grits melted like chocolate as it entered my mouth.  However, the special pork shank and beans seemed a bit of a miss, and the mac and cheese, although quite tasty, was so large and rich and hot that it was difficult to enjoy-maybe it could be a small appetizer, side?  The chef at Big Grove definitely puts out quality, tasty food that re-imagines the standard Midwestern menu.  I applaud that. However, some of the details were slightly troubling: out of draw item (burger) at 7:00 PM; slight gaffe on menu 'These beers?'; one dish that didn't quite work.3.5
1	This came very well reviewed on Yelp and Open table. Hey! Its a Tavern! How bad could it be? I was wrong...I was down in the U of I area during homecoming and made a reservation just in case it was packed for an early dinner. When we arrived, the place was empty. We were taken to our table and given this small one page menu. I thought it was the drink menu, but no, it was the dinner menu. A bit suprised, I asked my father if he would rather go to DESTIL across the street, but he wanted to try this new local joint. We decided that I was going to get the "famous" burger and my dad was going to get the Mac and Cheese. Our server came over and my dad started by ordering the Mac and Cheese, but he asked if he could get it without the onions (shallots and leeks). He was told NO because they already have it premixed. Premixed? She assured him that there was not alot of onions so we continued. For $12 on the burger and $14 for the Mac and Cheese, we were expecting something spectacular. My burger came out. It was a mix of bison, beef, and pork. I was expecting something very flavorful. It was bland as could be. Also, it was about 1/8 of a pound. One of the smallest burgers I have ever eaten. The fries that came with this was good, but the dish was not worth it. My dad's Mac and Cheese came out in a small bowl and half of it was made up of shallots and leeks. I tasted it and thought that it was good, but he HATED it. We had the manager called over and he took it away and took it off of the bill without us asking. He asked if we wanted something else, but my dad complained that the menu was too small for him to go with anything else. Instead of apologizing, the manager told him "well its all local" and he walked away. Our server was nice, but I could overhear the hostess and the manager talking about future reservations for the night with an attitude and snarky responses to each other. People can hear you folks!  It was as if they were doing us a favor by being open. In short, skip this place and go to other places within a block of this place. They know how to treat their customers and not to overcharge. I would suggest Guido's!
4	My coworker and I came for an early evening dinner. We both enjoyed the atmosphere and a few drinks. Extremely friendly service. The popcorn that you start off with was tasty. I loved my blackberry rum infusion. For dinner, the roasted chicken was amazing. Would definitely return if in the area again.
2	Big Grove is a ditz. Nice to look at, but there's nothing really there.Take the menu for example. It's the size of the bill, just more upsetting. All six inches of it, beautifully fastened to the silver rings of a time-worn clipboard, boast an incredible twelve total items - including appetizers and drinks. Or something like that.What about the food, you say? Good question. The portions are tiny. There is one steak on the menu - a hanger steak. You just always leave feeling let down.
3	Solidly good food, but overpriced based solely on the quality & quantity of it.  Very cool ambiance too.My friend made the point that considering ALL of the food is local the price is a steal.  He's right.  If that's your thing, then the price is pretty great.
5	We eat at Big Grove about once a week and definitely consider it our favorite restaurant in all of Champaign-Urbana! The food is excellent and everything about this place is getting better all the time. Tell everyone you know about CU's newest and most thought out restaurants is right in the middle of our growing downtown. Local, well made, and comfortable. Thank you, Big Grove!
4	What a great place for a nice dinner out. Four of us recently made an Open Table reservation on a Friday night before catching a movie at the Art. The staff were quite friendly and efficient, and the food was very good. Probably the highlight of the meal was the popcorn instead of bread or rolls; the night we went it was flavored with roasted fennel seed and lemon zest. I usually don't like the taste of anise, but this was really good, and we got free refills without asking.We ordered a vegetarian ragout (creamy with a hint of spiciness), the burger (it's big burger a unique taste from the mix of beef, pork, and bison), the pork shoulder (cooked perfectly), and the pork sausage (after the waitress checked on us, we discovered the root vegetables weren't cooked well enough; the dinner is on a low-carb diet and wasn't going to eat them anyway, but the waitress was very receptive when we mentioned it later). Also two beers--I can't remember which. We didn't have room for dessert, but if it's still on the menu, I want to try the spiced pumpkin bread pudding. Hello? Heaven is calling...Pros: good, local food; great staff; reasonable prices at the "expensive for a college student" level (c. $15 per entree)Cons: dim lighting + aging eyes + small print on the drink menu = squintingnoise level --All too often it seems that chic decor and sound-proofing are non-intersecting circles of restaurant interior design. Would it be possible to put some fabric or panels on the ceiling to absorb some of the sound?
5	Everything But the Bun!Everything at this restaurant was excellent - except the hamburger bun.I enjoyed the open space, the furnishings, the art on the walls, the overall feel of the place.  The staff was excellent - friendly, helpful with menu selections, and accommodating. The menu itself is charming - and the attention to the farm-to-table detail is commendable. There's seasoned popcorn on the table - a nice touch. I tried the very economical "If It's From The Vine It's Fine" daily wine special, which was quite a brilliant surprise for the price. I would recommend this to anyone. The take on a wedge salad - using bibb lettuce - was inspired. I was surprised there was no bread served with the salad. And, while I realize this is the chef's preference, I wanted some to sop up a little of the salad's very tasty creamy herb vinaigrette. And so I asked for some bread. And received some lovely bread to accompany the salad. For a main I ordered the Tavern Burger - a monster of beef, bison & pork, red onion marmalade, cornichon aioli - and served with house-cut fries. The fries were great! A bit less greasy version of those fantastic greasy kind of fries you get from a hot dog stand. Super good. As was the burger - the marmalade - and the cornichon aioli. Everything was perfect except...the bun! - Which was so bland and tough and flavorless, I tossed it to the side and knife and forked the burger.I'm sure, if I brought this detail to the staffs attention, they would have somehow taken care of things - they were nice that way. So I can only fault myself for not making an issue of it then. But man - compared to everything else - that was so great - that bun was a letdown. Regardless, I highly recommend Big Grove Tavern.
3	Country-club food. Not fantastic, far too pricey for what you get, and definitely not adventurous -- but just tasty enough to leave my table satisfied. Go if you're feeling flush and want an average burger in an upscale setting.
4	I had the roasted turkey sandwich and my husband had the burger. They were both delicious and not too expensive. Also had the Busey Bramble cocktail and it was amazing! I will definitely be going back soon.
5	I felt like I was in Chicago - a huge compliment to this downtown Champaign spot with it's locally sourced food and beer list.  We started with a truffle popcorn amuse, both savory and sweet, served in adorable mini tin buckets.  Having a bite of each of my friend's dishes - from butternut squash/goat cheese sandwich, burger and my own pulled pork (a bit dry and lacking on the slaw, but still quite tasty), I left satiated and ready to come back.  The beers come in small 10 ounce juice glasses if you just want a few sips, or you can go with a tall boy if you've designated a driver for the evening.  The artwork is mostly local, minus the large birch sculpture hanging over the bar.  It was such a great statement piece, that I might have to borrow the design aesthetic once I get my dream house.  Well done, Big Grove, I'll see you again soon.
4	We decided to give this a try on Valentine's Day...and overall I would say it was very enjoyable.  This is the third time I've eaten here, so I feel qualified at this point to pass judgement. My impressions so far:The food is great...although the dinner portions tend to weigh in on the "smaller" side.  I had the filet, and what it lacked in size it made up for in taste. It was well cooked and tasted excellent. However, the side that came with it (a mixture of small carrots and potatoes) left something to be desired. This isn't a place you'll go for dinner and take home any leftovers.  The Risotto also tasted great, and while it also wasn't a huge portion, it seemed to be enough to suffice.  The prices were also fairly reasonable for a medium-to-upper scale restaurant, except for the $8 cocktail which seemed on the skimpy side, size-wise.Two other standouts at this place for me are the deviled eggs appetizers ($1 a piece, and delicious!) and the Tavern Burger, which is a mixture of beef, pork, and bison and is the reason I will keep going back.  For my money, it's one of the best burgers in town.
5	Wow. This place feels very hip ;) Compared to the conservative drab feeling of Jim Gould they did an INCREDIBLE job of the remodel. You HAVE to try every single appetizer, they're all winners. Me=impressed.
3	Living in Cincinnati, Ohio, it is all the rage to be a farm-to-table, in-season menu, locally-sourced restaurant. I love that scene so I was excited to try Big Grove Tavern for a nice dinner. I love that we could get a reservation at 8 p.m. and the service was wonderful. The menu looked very unique, flavorful and fun. However, none of the dishes blew me or my friends away. Everything was good and I appreciate how fresh the food was, but it all needed a little something more. The deviled eggs were awesome and so fun to order one at a time. Our wine was delicious and I appreciated their drink menu. The ambiance was cool as well. If I lived in Champaign I would go back, I just have a feeling that their meals are hit or miss.
4	Me and a group of friends went to this place last night.  We were all skeptical since we live in Chicago and never had a really good meal in Champaign - always average to below average.  This place surprised all 6 of us and we all ordered different things - the appetizers were great - deviled eggs and fried brussel sprouts - both great and I usually don't like deviled eggs.  I got the burger and it was real good - they forgot to put the egg on it like i ordered but brought me out an egg minutes later.  the drinks were really good too - had a bullet old fahioned.  All in all, definitely glad we went there and will definitely go back on the next visit.
5	Big Grove Tavern is a SUPER addition to the Champaign food landscape. From the first step inside the door, I love the atmosphere that is set by the hanging string lights, twisted wood light fixtures, and basic (but neat) hanging 2x4's. The food is fantastic, and as much as possible locally sourced. I love the Big Grove burger with fried egg on top, as well as the mac and cheese and tater tots appetizer. Because of the local aspect of the ingredients, expect to pay $2-3 more than you would at a local chain, but the improved atmosphere and deliciousness definitely make it worth it!
2	I went here with my parents one night.  I love downtown Champaign, there are plenty of interesting and very good restaurants around.  Not to mention lots of very good beer bars.  This place tries to combine the two with a small but well constructed tap list and a small locally sourced menu.  My parents have been here a few times, and warned me of the downfalls (slow service, running out of menu items).  Well, I always have to check a new place out and see for myself.  After our visit, I had to apologize and thank them for humoring me.Anyway, a large open room with an island bar.  The light fixtures look like Christmas lights bought at Farm & Fleet.  The sticks on the ceiling look like they were bought at Hobby Lobby.We were seated right away, which was a good sign.  Though besides the fancy popcorn we were ignored for a long time.  I hate to be the person to say service was slow, cause it was a busy night.  I can deal with slow, but no acknowledgement what so ever was not good.  Incredibly slow kitchen times as well.We finally put our drink and food orders in at the same time.  We were not sure when we would get another chance.  I liked their beer selection.  8 taps of good micros.  Though they were out of four taps.  Half of their selection was out.  I like it when a place can go through kegs and rotate the selection, though no.  They would rather just not have half the selection.  Out of Great Lakes, out of Founders, out of Dark Horse, out of Victory.  I ended up with a Sculpin, and my Dad a Goose Island 312.  If you are going to have a small selection, you need to keep it stocked.The menu was similarly small, but looked good.  My Dad ended up with the last burger, which is a mix of beef, bison, and pork.  Sounds great.  He has tried to eat here before, twice actually.  Both times out of the burger, so it was good that he finally got to try it.   Again, it is good that they can go through the menu like that.  Though it is tiring when they keep running out.  I had the pork sausage, my Mom Mac & Cheese.  It is a tiny menu for dinner, about 5 main courses.  I love when a place can do that.  Just not enough here to pull that off.  Especially when they run out of stuff. On top of that, not much here was that great.  The burger was decent, Mac & Cheese cold, and the sausage was poorly executed with little flavor.  They shout from every corner that everything is fresh and local.  Fine, but make it good.This is one of my longest reviews, and I guess it is this way because I had very high hopes and little was as expected.  Though I was told before hand that everything was slow, over priced, pretentious, not that good, and often out.  This place just left me wanting so much more.
5	I love this place.  I now visit at least, once a week.  The dishes are excellently prepared, plated and served.  The flavours to everything from the Appetizers to the Main Courses to the Dessert continue to impress.  I have too many favorites to enumerate, but I'd recommend Big Grove Tavern to anyone who loves food.  All local, always fresh.  The Tuesday fried chicken & waffles are amazing.  I have only tried the brunch once, but it was delicious and my whole family had a great time.  Loved the bloody mary's too.  The staff are incredible, possibly the best in town.  The servers know what they are doing and they do with elan, charm and a ready smile.  And everyone cares so deeply that the guests are having a great time.Lastly, I have been hanging out at Big Grove's beautiful bar (and I have learned that even the bar is "local" made by a local artisan) and it is becoming a truly cool after work watering hole.One word of advice, if you are planning on a Friday or Saturday dinner visit, you probably would be wise to make a reservation(which I did from their website via Opentable.com).  Easy to do. Try it.  You'll love it too.
4	Great service and the food was done to perfection. The wait staff was very attentive and prompt. I would recommend Big Grove for a casual evening or a formal night out.
2	We had brunch there today, and must say we were disappointed.  Service was fairly good, staff was kind and courteous, but we wondered if they were short on kitchen staff.  The food overall was bland.  We had the chili which was the best of what we ordered, the corn bread that came with it however, well, anyone could make something better tasting from a box mix.  The portabella mushroom sandwich was okay,  most of the flavor came from the butter, not sure what the cheese really was...., and the sweet potatoe chips again, we're okay.   Then came dessert. I am a sweet tooth fanatic, and I have very rarely not eaten a dessert, especially if it is chocolate based. The chocolate bread pudding looked chocolate, but had no chocolate, no sweetness, literally, no taste to it .  I kid you not. Not sure how that happens, but they seemed to master it here.  I see this place has really good reviews for dinner, so maybe it is just their Sunday brunch, but will probably not attempt to go back given the many other wonderful resturants in the area.
3	Good local source food and good menu.  We popped in on a Friday night and sat in the bar area.  Devil eggs and chicken liver pate was rich and delicious.  Burger and mushroom farro for entrees and then moved on to the apple crisp for dessert.  The food will not knock your socks off, but sometimes you just need a easy going chill place to eat some good food.  Nice spacious restaurant vibe with good service too!
5	I have never been to the MIdwest--except 3 days in Chicago in heat and humidity so intense I remember almost nothing--but can say without question that this restaurant would be a hit even in NYC or LA. I ate here twice on a visit, once for lunch and once for dinner, and was initially struck by the sheer beauty--and size--of the restaurant. It gets crazy busy on a Friday night and appears to be the only upscale bar in the area.Recommended dishes: 1) Veggie mac and cheese2) Chili: cup or bowl, cornbread on the side3) Lake Trout (I don't even like trout--it's my least favorite fish, likely because I have only had river trout with the bones and almonds and butter, but this was sublime with horseradish sauce)4) Pate which rivals the best I've eaten and is my personal favorite because it's mousse-like and light and not too heavy/strong but still exquisitely flavorful: it's better than the chicken livers at the Public Kitchen at Hollywood and served almost identically at a far lower price5) Fried grits--I know, this doesn't sound good at all but it has a chipotle aioli and for a decadent fried treat, you can't do better. I didn't know much about grits, as an LA girl, but apparently you can cook them without much fat and then unceremoniously dump a big hunk of butter on top so that it's like cream of wheat with butter, or you can do it more like the French with butter and cream, in which case it's far worse for you but tastes infinitely better. Executive chef Jessica Gorin subscribes to the second school of grit preparation and I wholly approve. 5) Beets: they were as good as the Purple Pig in Chicago but this is a "bar bite" (see below) so if you want a large portion, order two. 6) Chocolate bread pudding: this dessert rivals the Olio e Limone chocolate bread pudding with bananas which Julia Child cited as among her favorite desserts in Santa Barbara7) Pork belly: this has become trendy of late and some restaurants are pulling it from menus in big cities as people seem to be over it to some extent but Big Grove Tavern hits it out of the park with this appetizer. 8) Burger: some people in the area carped about the price of the burger here, not realizing that this is standard in LA and NYC (actually, their burger is cheaper than most fine dining burgers in cities I travel or live) and it's sheer perfection with the onions and cheese. The prices are reasonable and they offer a sort of mini-appetizer they call a "bar bite," for 3 to 5 dollars. This is a nice option as you can try all sorts of sides for not a lot of money. The watercress soup was beautiful and subtle but the only dish on the menu that didn't send me into another galaxy. I truly believe Big Grove Tavern would be a hit in a city. In Champaign, which is a college town that feels infinitely smaller than it really is, with very few fine dining options, I see why the place is booming and if I lived in this tiny place, I'd eat here three times a week.
5	Great food.  The Spinach Salad with grapefruit and chicken is unreal.  I'm not even a huge salad fan generally and the chicken is ridiculously tender.
4	The inner design of this restaurant is really spacial, comfy and fresh. Good service and the food I ordered was pretty innovative and tasty. It is a nice place to chill with your friends and family.
4	Pretty good meal - kids loved the burger with a fried egg.  Fries went well with the burger.  IMO, some local dishes leave me wanting a little more flavor.  I'll say three and a half - call it four.
5	Updating to note that I have come to love the Big Grove even more over the past bunch of months. It's become one of our date-night regulars as their menus have started to incorporate many more veggie and fish options. I would recommend going at a less-busy time since they have been known to run out of things on, say, Saturday nights at 7.30, but it's all delicious. Totally enamored of their new brunch selection, too! Go. Here. Now.
3	I decided on Big Grove after driving around Champaign for a few minutes, and I wasn't disappointed.It was a really nice day out, and since I parked in a nearby lot, I had to decide between here and Destihl. I looked at both menus, and frankly, because big grove was second, I stayed there. I opted to sit outside, in the sun. It was not bad at all.Onto the  experience... first of all, my waitress was great and very attentive. Each table gets a little bowl of popcorn to start, which is cool. Anyways, their menu is locally sourced, and quite small. They have a few appetizers, and I indulged in two of them. I had a deviled egg (dollar per), and I also ordered the pickled vegetables (radish, onion, fennel, and carrot). The deviled egg came with a rye crisp and sauteed red onions. It was okay, and I'm glad I only ordered one. On the other hand, the pickled vegetables were fantastic! A little pricey at 3 dollars, but definitely the highlight of my meal.For my main course, I ordered the pork, bison, and beef burger. I had the aioli and red onion marmelade on the side. I like my burgers medium. I also ordered mine on whole grain bread instead of the standard bun.The burger was average. It was not cooked medium well, and there was some yellow sauce (not the aioli, but possibly a mustard) that ended up on my burger, even though I asked for my burger plain. My mixed greens salad with the vinagrette was good. My second favorite part, and I'm not a salad fan at all.Overall, a decent place. Nothing special. My bill was 17 dollars, and I did not order a drink or anything. I like the feel of the restaurant, but honestly, I'll probably go somewhere else in the area before I head back here.
1	The food here is terrible; especially if you're looking at vegetarian options. The mushroom farro was tasteless. I realize that farros are supposed to be relatively healthy and not the most flavorful items; but the mushroom farro here can be described as bland at the very best. It was served half-cold and dry-ish like someone just heated by a frozen pack without caring to garnish it with even the slightest bit of flavor or hardwork. The fingerling potato salad came with a honey mustard dressing, which is okay. But who in the world would pair already bitter rhubarb with a mustard sauce to create one of the most horrible tastes one can experience. The chef at big grove, of course. This was a waste of time and money and I'm never going here again.
3	I have a generally favorable view of this place. Like others before me have said, I definitely appreciate their fresh, simple approach that values quality ingredients and careful preparation.Several things hold me back from a full-throated endorsement, however.  First, the prices are steep.  The one reasonably priced entree item- the burger- frequently runs out.  I'm not sure if I just hit this place at the wrong time over and over, but I've only ordered it successfully once.  They know the demand is there, so why not have more? I understand that they don't want to freeze it, or whatever, but I've hit that place at 7 o'clock, and they're out of hamburgers.  It becomes apparent pretty quickly why there's no rush to increase their supply- because every other entree costs 5 dollars more. Secondly, the other (non-burger) entrees are small.  I rarely finish my plate at ANY restaurant, but here, it's no contest; I finish it all.  Last time, I ordered the mushroom risotto.  It was AMAZING.  I loved it!  But the size of it seemed like little more than a side dish.  My S.O. and I looked at each other at the end of the meal with our empty plates between us and I could tell we were thinking the same thing - I'm still so hungry!  Afterwards, we ended up going to Merry-Ann's around the corner for chili cheese fries (our adventure at that establishment is detailed in another review).Finally, service is hit or miss.  Last time, my S.O. ordered the special.  The server said that she wasn't sure they still had the special, so he went ahead and ordered a back-up entree in case (this was his idea, not hers).  She never came back to tell us what result.  The runner came out with our food, and of course, it was not the special, but the backup.  She was busy, but it would have been nice if she had just swung by and told us that they were indeed out of the special.  I think she might have been new, because her server-patter was also wanting. (She really didn't know what to say to us when she first approached the table.)  She also forgot my Patio Pounder (a great cocktail, BTW) until I reminded her, and I only got it once I was almost done with my entree.  I had water, so it was no big deal, but the overall experience (coupled with the bill at the end) quashed the overall good vibe of the place.Before I move, I do think I will go back and give it another shot.  Their date night menu looks like a good deal, and I'm really rooting for this place to be all it can be.
5	Love this place! Fresh and supporting the local business! The coffee rocks too!!
3	Great cocktail list, an amazing burger, and a fantastic play on a wedge salad.Friendly and knowledgable staff and a comfortable space make it a must if in Champaign.
5	WOW.  What a great restaurant.  It is certainly on the pricier side, especially if you're a student.   However, I took my spouse on a date here, and we had a great time.  The entrees were great, the appetizer was really nice, and they even had classy, tasty flavored popcorn ( I believe it was fried rosemary?  Delicious!) for free at the tables.  They have a great beer menu, too.
5	Great atmosphere, friendly people, and tasty food!I'm new to Chambana and there are so many new food places to try.  I decided to make my way through the best rated establishments and try not to repeat any before finishing.  However, I think I'll have to break my rule for this place and head back soon.Everything was very good but its the little things that stand out for me.  The deviled eggs were prepared to a different culinary level than I'd ever tasted before.  Unexpected and great!
3	My husband and I went here for lunch on a Saturday, and at first I was completely stunned at the tiny menu.  There were 5 entrees, and I didn't think any of them stood out.  My husband ordered the Tavern burger (beef, Bison, and pork) and I ordered the Grilled Cheese because it was the only thing besides the burger that I thought I might like and it was only $8.  We each got a deviled egg ($1 each) and they were good, a little on the salty side though.  We also enjoyed the small bucket of popcorn you get for free.  Hubby's burger came with a huge pile of fries (good because the burger is $12, cheese is $1.50 extra) and I got a mixed green salad with my grilled cheese.  The vinaigrette on the salad was a bit salty as well.  The food was okay, the service was great, I like the fact that everything is locally sourced.  We might be back for dinner sometime, but we'll see...it's very expensive.
5	I love this place! Ingredients organic and locally sourced as much as possible; food as good as I've ever had anywhere.Local sourcing and the chef's own creativity mean that the the menu changes seasonally, but they seem to be keeping some staples (such as the roast chicken with dumplings, the steak, the tavern burger, macaroni & cheese...). Lots of vegetarian options, but plenty of dishes for carnivores as well. Be sure to do yourself a favor and try the gourmet deviled eggs.With everything I've ordered so far, even if there are some ingredients I'm not sure about--maybe I've never even heard of them, let alone tried them, or maybe they're being used in a combination I wouldn't have expected--when I actually try them, especially together with the other ingredients in the dish, I find that they work perfectly. Trust. However, the staff are excellent about accommodating food sensitivities and allergies as well.You might get the impression, from this review and even from stepping into the restaurant, that it could be a really snobby place--"foodie" in the worst sense. This could not be further from the truth. The staff have always been friendly and welcoming, very willing to explain dishes, make candid recommendations, and share interesting info about where things came from--like the lovely homemade hibiscus syrup that my party's waiter once recommended for our lemonade, which it turned out he had made himself. Sometimes I've even seen the chef take the time to come out and speak with diners.One thing to keep in mind: although no individual item on the menu seems unreasonably expensive, they can add up pretty fast. Still, I'm willing to pay for such good food, even if, on a student's budget, I can only afford it on special occasions. Lunchtime might be a good option, to help keep the bill down.All the friends and family I've taken to Big Grove, or recommended it to, have been delighted. It is definitely among the best restaurants in C-U right now.
4	Had dinner for two there. Foods were good and exotic. Like the new experience. Don't know why not very many customers though. Maybe the price was a little high.
4	Great location, nice atmosphere, great spot for eating outdoors.We initially had to wait on a table and had a drink at the bar.  They have a good beer selection, although the bartender that helped us was a little bit "too cool for school" :) When we were seated at a table outside our waiter was extremely helpful, nice and attentive.  Big Grove's thing is "Fresh Farm-to-Table" and they don't disappoint.  There are a lot of interesting dishes on the menu and everything we tried was good.I recommend the fried cheesy grits- really good. The mac and cheese was a tad disappointing for me- too heavy on the bread crumbs.Overall a nice experience- we will definitely go again!
4	Nice large restaurant with a nice atmosphere and interesting menu. The food was good but could've been much better with additional attention to the texture. Tavern burger: Mix of beef, bison & pork burger with a red onion marmalade and cornichon aioli. The meat was alright in texture and flavor but was overpowered by the marmalade.Turkey Horseshoe: Turkey sandwich with beer mustard, 3-cheese mornay cheese sauce, and mixed greens. The mix of mustard flavor and turkey was a good mix.Trout hash: Nice clean flavors with a mix of nice vegetable elements such as corn and green onion.Deviled egg: Good texture with nice crispy chip but wasn't a huge fan of the yolk.Spiced nuts: Fresh and tasty, nothing unusual from other good spiced nuts however.Fresh baked soft pretzel: Nice mustard but the pretzel itself was a bit tough.Cornbread: Nice corn flavor and texture, one of the best items of the meal.Overall, a nice choice if you're not visiting Desithl nearby but a little pricey.
3	Big Grove Tavern is pretty much the same food concept as the restaurant across the street (Destihl). The only difference is that Big Grove Tavern is good.I really hate hipsters. Like, some of the stuff that comes out of their mouths actually angers me. So I was not too eager to come to this place thats all "local, farm to table, blah blah blah." Because a lot of times thats a hipster excuse for mediocre tasting food. I dont care if its local or organic or any of that. I just want it to be tasty!! When we walked in I was like... here we go. The OC soundtrack is playing, the menu comes on little clipboards with the farms listed on it, and there is no salt or pepper shakers on any of the tables. It seemed pretentious to me. But for the most part, everything I tried here was tasty.We had the fried cheesy grits, french fries with malt vinegar aioli, and pickled veggies for an appetizer. I didn't try the vegetables because pickled stuff is not for me. The other two passed the test.For dinner, I ordered the macaroni and cheese. In retrospect I wish I would have ordered the vegetarian version because there was so much bacon in this that it actually took away from the goodness of the cheese. But +1 for it being piping hot.The rest of the family had a pork tenderloin, beef short rib, and burger. I tasted the short rib and the burger- the rib was a little salty but still good. The burger was flavorful but for me (and this is just a personal preference) the mixture of meats made it a little too soft.We did have dessert- Gooey butter cake and a chocolate pot-de-creme. The butter cake fell a little short. I was expecting it to be warm and gooey. It was cold, not gooey, but still rich. The pot-de-creme, was... *kisses fingers like an italian chef* Perfectly bittersweet, rich rich rich, and topped with vanilla whipped cream that I could see the little vanilla speckles in. Nom.Our server was really cool and seemed to genuinely enjoy his job. He kept referring to the chef as "chef," like "chef makes this, and chef did that" which was kind of irksome, just because its like... you're in Champaign IL, chef. Come back down to earth a little.
5	I came back to visit my hometown and was told Jim Gould's closed and was replaced by this place, and my friends said they really like the beer and food here. I am so happy that Champaign downtown has Big Grove Tavern! We sat at the bar for drinks and dinner. They had an excellent beer selection, with several Midwest and even some local brews and seasonal ones. The bartender was very helpful and attentive. The night we went, they had recently roasted an entire pig, so their specials were these amazing pork dishes. I enjoy pork quite a bit - beer and pork - since I've lived in Berlin and love German cuisine, so this place made me really happy. Based on my one visit, I'd recommend this place to all my friends and family, and anyone visiting from out of town.
4	This was our second visit to Big Grove.  We found it the first time traveling through Champaign via Yelp.  Tried it again while traveling at Thanksgiving.  A very nice find.  Interesting food, decent atmosphere and very good service.  And making the reservations via Yelp was very cool.
1	16 bucks for a BLT sandwich? 2.50 cents extra for some fries instead of chips? this place wasn't even good and a rip off.  And those little popcorn things are stupid. PUKE
1	I've eaten at Big Grove only two times. The first time I went for lunch and had the eggplant sandwich and it was delicious. I sat a table and had decent service. The second time I went I met a friend and we sat at the bar. The bartender was inattentive and did not get me a water when I asked the first time. He kept walking away before I got a chance to finish ordering everything and he didn't smile once. When I finally got my food, my medium burger was almost well done, the lettuce on the burger was so soggy it dripped off my burger, and the fries were so salty that they made my stomach hurt. I couldn't finish my burger or the fries and it was extremely overpriced. I would not recommend this restaurant unless you just go for drinks or the eggplant sandwich. You will pay too much and get less than mediocre, almost inedible food.
4	My wife and 2 co-workers had an excellent meal, after being referred here by hotel staff. She had a great filet, while other two had fish and pork chops. No one had dessert but I am told there are some interesting ice creams.
4	Came here for a special on chicken and waffles. First of all, amazing. Buttery waffles with garlic-marinated collard greens and free range chicken. We also started off with the chicken liver pate. Incredibly smooth and paired well with a side of seared pears atop freshly toasted, thick country bread. Did I mention the pickled onions? That sealed the deal.Service here...incredible. From our host to our waiters, each staff member stepped out of their way to be easygoing and amicable. I had several lovely conversation about food with the knowledgeable people who work here.Beautiful interior as well, quite chic with a rustic edge (look at those antler/ branch chandeliers). Wide open space with gorgeous, intimate lighting.The only thing I wish I could change? The price. Alas, great portions with an equally robust price. The special, in particular, did not have a price listed. Be sure to come here for a celebration or special event, it's quite lovely.
5	I visited with my mom on my birthday back in October, and it was absolutely the right choice. Our server was as friendly as could be and gave great suggestions for our meal. The cocktail she recommended to me- I think it was called a Georgia Peach?- was yummy, though it tasted much more like melon than peach. The Seared Pork Belly was totally decadent- buttery, full of umami flavor and perfectly crisp on the outside. Mom got the Faroe Islands Salmon, which was excellently cooked, though the lentils were a touch under-salted. We shared the Apple and Pear Crisp for dessert, which was delicious as well, but my entree really won the night.I ordered the Roasted Mushroom and Poached Farm Egg. I'd originally planned on the Mac n Cheese, but our waitress persuaded me to give the egg dish a shot, and I am so incredibly happy I did. The egg was poached impeccably, and when the yolk broke over those grits, I nearly wept. Everything about it, from concept to execution, was excellent. The grits were rich and creamy, the mushrooms were delightfully earthy and tender, and whatever they did to that sauce was magical. I honestly feel a little depressed that I'll never get to eat it again. It keeps me up at night.On second thought, maybe I should give them 1 star, because they ruined my life with their amazing food. Thanks a lot, guys.
5	Everything was wonderful from the service to the food. We had the filet and the chicken. Everything was cooked to perfection. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Would definitely recommend Big Grove Tavern, it will become a regular dinner destination for us!
4	Amazing entrees. Appetizers are very different and delicious. Apple and pear crisp for dessert. Best meal I've had in downtown champaign. Great ambience and music. Will be coming here more often.
3	I've been here a four times.  I want to love this place, but can't quite get there.Pros: *Drinks- very good.  We had a watered down old fashioned once, but other than that one experiences, the drinks have been interesting and tasty.*Good, friendly service.  Sometimes it is a little slow, but servers are always friendly and do their best for you.The So-So: *menu tends towards fancified home cooking, which is not a bad thing.  But given that, it seems a bit overpriced for what you get.  The food we've had as been consistently okay, but not amazing.  Dinner?  Okay.  Brunch (which I really, really wanted to love)?  Again, just okay.  If you don't cook a lot at home, this can be a great place for you.  If you are a successful and inventive home cook, you might not be as impressed.  Con:**This is the thing that makes me not want to give Big Grove another chance.  We were in about 6 months ago (August), and both ordered the burger.  We requested some tomato to go with it, and the waitress came back- somewhat sheepishly, to her credit- and told us that the kitchen didn't serve it with tomato.  Okay.  I've been to fine dining restaurants, and I understand that chefs conceptualize the flavors of a dish in a particular way, and that's the way they want you to experience it.  But a burger?  And, more importantly, this burger?  It's fine, but it's not all that.  Perhaps they were just out of tomatoes?  But anyway, the fact that they were so proud of this burger keeps gnawing at me.  Overall:*Good drinks, fine ambience, good service.  In the greater scheme of things, they are still fairly new, so maybe they'll continue to evolve?  I hope so, because I'd love to see them reach a little bit higher; there seems to be potential for more here.
4	Pretty good, local food.Make sure to try the olive oil and sea salt ice cream!
4	Two of us randomly decided to try Big Grove Tavern after having some beers at nearby Quality Beer. I was pleasantly surprised how great the whole experience was.On Monday night they had a nice pre fixe menu for $50 with shared appetizer, soup/salad, entree, and shared dessert. Otherwise I could see dinner getting pricey here fast. We started with the Brussels sprouts which were lightly fried and not as oily as most fried sprouts. I could eat these all day.We tried a couple of deviled eggs and they fact that you can order them one apiece for $1 is nice if you just want a taste. Pretty standard, but tasty as most deviled eggs (to me) usually are. The cauliflower soup was nice as well. A bit plainer tasting than butternut squash soup, but I would still order it again with some toasted almonds. The steak entree was cooked perfectly though they never asked how I wanted it cooked. Glad they read my mind and got the medium rare cook correct. Root veggies were good too.I wasn't in love with the rice pudding, though it's not usually my thing. I didn't think it actually had rice in it...Though I don't get to Champaign too often, I would easily recommend it for someone looking for a good farm to table restaurant. Especially Mondays!
4	The appetizers and my seared tuna were awesome!
4	A place worth trying. Had brunch there and the baked potatoes were very good. Gotta visit next time
2	I was a bit disappointed by Big Grove Tavern.  I came in with a group of friends for lunch one day, and while the service was nice, the environment fine, the food was just completely underwhelming.I ordered the burger for lunch, with a side salad.  The burger was incredibly difficult to eat, and not due to excessive size, or the usual suspects.  I added an egg for 1.50, which turned out to be a mistake.  Although the flavors were OK, the bun just wasn't able to hand and got soggy, the burger decomposing as I ate it.  The proportions were off, and the lack of spectacular taste just made the meal messy with no upside.  The lettuce was completely wilted under the burger and the onions were entirely too sweet.Similarly, the salad was unfortunate.  Too much dressing and an overly generous hand of salt and citrus made the salad too salty and sour.For the entire meal, I paid $17 including tax and tip, which is OK for a downtown area.  However, I'd suggest that you check one of the other places around if you're looking for a solid burger.
3	I have had about 6 meals here, I live across the street so why not right. A couple Brunches, a couple chill lunches, and a few dinners. There is just always something. For the cost, (I understand that the locally sourced produce and meats are high quality and going to cost more) but for the cost... I just never feel that the meal hits the mark. No a quantity thing. I do love the servers, I dig the drinks, and the layout is pretty upscale/casual. Go, enjoy. I"m not being a hater. You will most likely have a great meal.
2	The service was very good and the restaurant itself was nice and relaxing. The food on the other hand was hit-or-miss. The Brussel sprouts and french fries were delicious, but the tavern burger and grilled chicken fingers were ordinary. A big killer was the small portion size of the salads. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this as a place to go to in Champaign if you haven't been to the likes of Seven Saints.
3	I went there for Sunday brunch (for the first time) and it's a nice place. There were only about 4 brunch entrees available on the rotating menu, and only 1 jumped out at me as sounding undeniably delicious (I played it safe with eggs, bacon, and potatoes). They didn't even have an omelette, which was very surprising (and a bit disappointing).Let me say though, the bacon was cooked to perfection. Lots of taste and not too crispy. Potatoes were surprisingly tasty, and the eggs were eggs. Service was impeccable: there are few places that keep up with how much water I drink.I thought for such a basic dish it was a little pricey at $10, but I must admit that it was really well done.So my three star comes down to...+ flavor+ service+ bacon powdered popcorn- price- selection
4	My husband and I find ourselves in Champaign once a year and we always go to Big Grove.  The food is spot on in terms of flavors, creativity and menu selection.  My only complaint would be the pacing.  We chose 3 apps to share and they came out all at once followed by our entrees 30 minutes later. It wasn't packed and we felt rushed and full.  The service is average. our waitress was very slow on drinks and refills (her loss on tips and total bill!).  The food is what we come back for!
4	You can put a fried egg on your already delicious, locally grown burger. What more do you need?
4	So fun and trendy and industrial inside this place! I knew the second I walked in that I would like this place. Definitely my scene.Started with their fried brussels sprouts (also a trendy food item on top of the trendy decor! theme??) with tuffle aioli and sea salt and nothing like a little sea salt to push a dish over! These things were addicting. I shared a little, but not much! Gotta love some good brussel sprouts. I still don't get why kids hate these things so much???Then since I ate vegetables to start like a good kid (I know, yes they were fried, but come on, let me have my cake and it too, okay?), I thought that granted me the ability to get their mac and cheese in a little oven baked dish packed with tons of cheese, bacon, leeks, fried shallots, and then as it should be, topped with crumbled bread crumbs! Mmmmmm that mac and cheese was exactly how I like my mac and cheese! Hot, creamy, cheesy, goodness. Done and done. Plus they had a good beer selection here too, the only thing I think that was missing was more attentive service since I would have ordered more beer if they had come around more quickly and the water service, but pretty minor! I definitely would come back here if I visited again!
4	The locally available food here is great! We've had some of our favorite dishes here! The only downside of having a variable menu based on only the freshest locally available ingredients is that sometimes, the options aren't that great and can feel over priced for the quality. Also, their beer is way overpriced but I guess that's okay.I recommend seeing what dishes they have available before you go. They always have a rotating menu.
4	I've eaten here a few times, and every time have left satisfied.  My favorite was the brunch!  Their beer, wine and mixed drink selections are great!  Overall the atmosphere inside and menu are great.  A little more than I'd like to spend on a dinner, but it's nice for a special occasion.  I would recommend the burger or anything on the brunch menu!  Their menu changes with the season which is great!
5	The best thing about this place is that everything on the menu is locally sourced from the veggies to the meats. The bison burger is by far my favorite! What makes it so great is you can taste the freshness of each of the ingredients in every dish. Each option is carefully crafted to display the perfect balance or flavors. The menu options do change due to seasonal availability for veggies/fruit which means there is always something new to try! While the prices are a little bit higher than other sit down places, it is definitely worth it.
4	Yesterday my girlfriend and I had dinner at Big Grove. First, we had the french fries. They were incredible. We really loved the malt vinegar aioli. Second, she had the short rib and I had the mac and cheese. Everything about the short rib dish was perfect. I mean, really everything tasted amazing. The mac and cheese was just not as cheesy as I want out of my mac and cheese. The bacon tasted good in the dish but I probably wouldn't get it again. (5 stars for everything besides the mac and cheese. 3 stars for the mac and cheese).
4	Was here for my siblings UI's graduation lunch.  They had a special menu and the wait was a little long.  That being said, the service was still excellent and the food was outstanding.  The flavored popcorn at the table was a welcome treat.  I hade the filet, which was cooked to perfection.  Great atmosphere to celebrate a graduation!
3	I had the fish which was good., but the relish was strange.  It was different kinds of radishes .  Small portions.  The dessert  was great.
4	I really like brunch at Big Grove!  The chicken hash and chili scramble are great; the cinnamon roll was nothing special.  The servers are nice, and the booths are comfy. I also love that they source their food locally!
4	Coming from CA I have pretty high standards when a restaurant states they are a farm to table. Big Grove didn't disappoint. Dinner menu was small but had a nice variety. The roasted beets were phenomenal. Looking forward to trying Sunday brunch here in the future.
1	Tried to go here for brunch on a Saturday morning. It was a beautiful day, and we noticed several open tables outside. However when greeted by the hostess, who was incredibly rude, we were told all tables would be filled due to a large party and all others were reserved. When we asked to wait for an occupied table, we were told no. The only tables we were offered were inside where no other customers were sitting.... On such a beautiful day we couldn't justify sitting in a dimly lit, empty restaurant. Luckily there were plenty of other brunch spots across the street who were much more accommodating and friendly. We will never try Big Grove again.
4	Hmm...Well...The menu seemed more casual than I expected. The decor & bar area was simple elegance.  Tree branches & Italian lights..Cloth napkins. .but, cheesy grits & popcorn ??!We started out with those cheesy grits. They were not what I envisioned: they were deep fried squares with a green onions on top & a great dipping sauce on the plate . I was expecting a bowl of grits with cheese!! LolTracy was our server, &although she was friendly,   she was not informative as to what certain things were on the menu. .. I overheard a black server tell a table about sauces & recommend a wine selection. ..Next..We had the highly recommended Tavern burger. We added the white cheddar. We both had them medium rare. ..my husband thought it was too rare, but I enjoyed it.We passed on the dessert...$5 for vanilla ice cream is a bit much...
3	TL;DR: Inconsistent food, at a high price. When they're on, it's great. When they're off, you spend $30-$40 per person on mediocre food. Good atmosphere, good service, good beer.Full review:Based on my two trips to the Big Grove, it seems to be hit or miss.The first time I went, around January of 2014, I was extremely impressed. I had pork belly as an appetizer (amazing) with a Dogfish Head 90 minute to chase it down (the beer selection is pretty great). For dinner, I had a perfectly cooked steak (don't remember the cut), served alongside gnocchi. Everything I ate was relatively simple, but they executed perfectly on the local, farm to table ingredients (they're proud of that here). Service was fantastic.The second time I went, in July 2014, the food was very disappointing. The steak was solid again, but it was served alongside one of the most bitter, poorly cooked broccolini I've ever had the displeasure of tasting. The pork tendorloin was chewy, definitely do not recommend. And this time, the pork belly appetizer was served differently, as a salad. I think it's pretty difficult to screw up pork belly, but they managed to do so. It tasted as if it were cooked a day ago, and it was difficult to find much pork belly beneath the greens. Service was tremendous on both occasions. Our water and popcorn (the popcorn is great) were refilled consistently, and the waiter seemed to take pride in the food.
4	This was my second time at Big Grove and it was a great experience. First off, our server, Carolyn provided great service, regularly checking in  with us to see if we needed anything else (service is a little like the Three Bears' beds, too much, too little, or just right and Carolyn provided the right amount) and provided well-articulated descriptions of the menu items. Although the portion sizes seemed a bit off (the carb to main item ratio seemed a bit off for both my friend and my dishes) the food was flavorful and the desserts (vanilla ice cream and the olive oil cake) were delicious and worth sticking around for. We opted to eat out on the patio and so, the combination of good food, old friends, great weather and awesome service made for a great lunch break.
2	Everything was just alright. I had the burger and the gin hopper cocktail which was 80% gin. It was very strong and not as flavorful as I thought itd be. Also my waitress was kinda weird, I think she just wanted me to get out of there asap...not welcoming at all. Would not go back.
3	I was glad to see something young and fresh in place of Jim Gould. Gould was boring and dated, but the only option we had in the C-U if you wanted to go to a "nice" restaurant. Big Grove Tavern has a casual updated atmosphere with an original concept for the C-U (farm to table). We wanted to go to Destihl (right across from Big Grove) yesterday for lunch,  but there was a wait and we couldn't wait. We finally had a chance to try Big Grove. There was no wait, and we were seated right away. We were with our 2.5 year old, and  we have never gone to a kid restaurant. Our daughter is used to dining in grown up restaurants with grown ups, but even the most patient of young foodies could use a quiet distraction while they wait.  Destihl is not a kids' restaurant, but they have a variety of foods to choose from on the kids' menu and they give the kids crayons to color on the kids' menu. Smart and simple concept that works well. The server at Big Grove said they do not have a kids' menu, but they have "kid friendly" options. All they had was grilled cheese and sweet potato fries. I asked if we could just get regular potato fries and the server said "yes" so that is what my daughter got. I never understood the whole trend of replacing delicious french fries with sweet potato fries--they don't taste better nor are they "healthier" or much lower in calories. If you are going to eat fries make them from potatoes not sweet potatoes. I wanted to order a burger, but all their burger options are a blend of beef, bison and pork and I don't want to eat bison so I ordered the Black Bean Burger.  My husband ordered "The Baltimore"which is basically a BLT with avocados. My daughter's fries had more salt than there is in salt. Maybe it was just that day, but someone went really heavy handed with the salt. My Black Bean Burger was really good. It's not what I wanted to eat, but if you are vegetarian (I have been on and off for years) this was delicious. My husband's order was okay. It's a BLT with avocado. Why take a classic and add something that adds nothing? The server was great--very nice person and efficient. The design and layout of the restaurant is great. Casual and open. Trying to be a gastropub, but misses the mark with the menu. It's still a big step up for the C-U in terms of dining options. I liked this place. I like the concept, the layout, the service, but the menu is not for me. The food is not bad, but not great. Too many options like a classic burger or BLT are turned into things that are trying too hard to be "cheffie", but miss the mark. I just wish they didn't try to reinvent the wheel on these American food classics. If they're going to reinvent the classics they better make them better than the original. I would have liked to see a few classics taken up a notch with a gourmet twist or just a few classics done really well. Overall Big Grove is worth a try, but I wouldn't highly recommend it or anything because the food options are limited and the food tastes okay. Not great, just okay.
3	I got the chicken sandwich with mixed greens. I felt like I was given a really small portion of chicken and the mixed greens that came with did not have a very exciting dressing or added flavor. The sandwich overall tasted fine, just wasn't very filling which for $10 makes me leave the table a bit unhappy. The popcorn that tastes like fruit loops was cool.
3	The tavern burger tastes average.  Service is kind of slow.
5	Chicken and waffles on Tuesday = The bomb. I eat here all the time. It's absolutely fantastic bomb meal that my mom makes me on the farm. Simple fresh ingredients along with master chef skills.If you like drinking... The patio pounder compliments this immensely.Great staff and service. I love this place.
4	The food here is always fresh. Seasonal menus are great. I wish there were more vegetable options, but the brussels sprouts are amazing. Drinks are good and the desserts are really nice. All in all, a wonderful place to eat out in Champaign.
2	The service was great. The food and atmosphere I did not care for. I thought their famous deviled eggs were not good at all.
2	Big disappoint.  Lovely space and ambiance.  Server was nice and knowledgeable.  Cheesy grits and Deviled egg was good.  All 4 entrees were served lukewarm and mediocre for the prices.  Avoid the pork loin dish. Looked like a proceeded patty. Burger was cold. Filet small and had a bitter green served with it.  Free range chicken was small but was best of of bunch.  Dessert menu choices were weird. Would have sent it all back but didn't want to totally ruin dinner.
3	This place definitely had a sophisticated feel to it. I definitely was disappointed by the long amount of time it took for us to even get service. However, the bartender was at least friendly and the popcorn was fairly good, if not a little stale. I ordered a Tavern Burger which cost $12. The burger was alright; I always feel a bit jipped when a restaurant burger doesn't include tomatoes in it. It didn't help that they couldn't make two alcoholic beverages that my friend and I asked for. All in all, the hike up in the prices is paying for the atmosphere for the establishment.
1	The food is over priced, undercooked and extremely salty. So salty that I sent back 2 dinner plates before I just gave up and left. Third time there and been disappointed every time.
3	My wife and I arrived for dinner shortly before six pm on a Saturday and were contemplating sitting inside or out.  We were advised that if we didn't have a reservation we would be sitting outside or at the bar due to a 45 minute wait.  Note that at the time we arrived 80% of the tables inside were empty - no problem, we enjoy sitting outdoors.  Side note: forty-five minutes later there are still twelve empty tables inside...We enjoyed the cumin flavored popcorn and ordered a wedge salad to share.  The wedge salad needs a little help (extra crumbles please) but the bacon crumbles had a distinct full smokey flavor and were very good.  We requested salt and pepper and they brought it out in little stainless dishes.  My wife ordered the scallops and I ordered the flank steak.  The scallops (four) were exceptionally good - flavorful and delicious.  The cornbread was just ok.  The flank steak was marginal but ok - served with delicious sides.  The wine and beer list is solid - lots of good choices.Good table service - steak could have been brought out hot off the grill but can't have it all.  My wife was unimpressed overall and mentioned that she was glad we had a gift card and weren't paying menu prices. The atmosphere is upscale overall and the food presentation is excellent.  The menu options are limited.  The music is questionably appropriate for dinner but not offensive.
5	We were in town for the football game & looking for a quality place to grab a bite to eat. My wife loves organic & farm to table restaurants & this place did not disappoint. The decor is great & the menu looks like they change it often. The burger is one of the best burgers I have had in a while. The Mac-n-cheese is good, but I would not recommend it as your main course.
4	I stayed across the street on a recent trip and needed to grab a quick lunch.  I sat at the bar so service was fast.  The drinks were good and my sandwich was average.  The interior was nice though and I liked the popcorn they gave me while I waited for my meal.
5	Great food, price and service. What more could you want?!
1	I went to this place tonight and it was a nightmare. I've been in this college town for 7 years now and ate at most of the places here and this comes across as one of the worst. The waiter messed up the order, which I mean it happens. Then the steak comes out, and it was way too salty. The sauce was too salty as it is, and then they added sea salt on it. When I told my waiter about it, some manager lady in her 40-50s came and took it back to have it redone. She did not apologize but instead shrugged and said "that's the way we cook it here";  face was stone cold and gave us a new set of silveware without saying a word. Talk about customer service. I do not know how this place stays in business with a manager like this. Bottom line is, if you're looking for a quick eat, then the food here is ok, comparable to steak and shake quality but 3x the price. If you're unlucky enough like me to see that manager with an attitude, then you're in for an experience.
4	Incredible food, gorgeous setting and excellent service. Micro brew selections are great too.  I travel/dine out a lot and this was great!
5	Bloody Mary with Stout chaser is a must!  Delicious applewood smoked bacon and perfectly poached eggs.
5	Unbelievable. I've only been here once, so my review isn't conclusive, but that one experience I had here was delicious. It's beautiful inside too-- feels like I'm dining in a rustic fairy cave. They were so busy they ran out of half the menu, but, O,  the food that they did have... I love that the menu is so fresh and that they have so many unique dishes to go with fall. Big Grove isn't *the* tastiest restaurant I've ever been too, but my GOD, it is definitely up there and it definitely trumps any nearby restaurant.
4	Great food.  Friendly staff. Like"Cheers", with good food and the pleasure of not having to look at Shelley Long.
5	Definitely my favorite restaurant in champaign. Unique upscale cocktails & food. I love the farm to table concept. Menu changes based on what local foods are in season. I haven't had a bad meal yet. My wife likes to order whatever version of pork belly is on the menu. Something different for the area that you have to check out!
4	Had a fantastic experience here when I brought my parents. Ordered the free range chicken, fried brussel sprouts and ended with a chocolate desert. The food isn't anything that is uniquely different, but it's really well done. The service here was something that I really appreciated - our waiter was extremely tentative and polite, and was able to do some special changes to our dishes.Really pleased with the ambiance, food and service. Would absolutely go back (with a reservation!)
1	I have been to Big Grove Tavern several times and have yet to be satisfied with the service or the menu. The menu is small and underwhelming. I had the trout dish last time and was extremely disappointed with the tiny piece of fish in the center of the huge plate it was served on. Not much flavor, not satisfying. The only menu item I would recommend is the Tavern burger. The service here is soooo slow. I took my mom here when she was visiting last month, wanting to give this place another try since the restaurant overall does have a nice atmosphere inside compared to other nearby places. Unfortunately I was disappointed again. It took our waiter too long to greet our table and then again too long to bring us our drinks. I ordered a pecan beer that he had suggested and when I tasted the beer, it seemed a little off but I figured that was just the flavor of it. Our meal took about an hour and a half to come out...and all we had ordered was a burger and the free range chicken dish. I think our waiter had forgotten to put in our orders till later. The couple seated next to us after we arrived had their meals a half hour before we did. When the check arrived, I see that my beer was in fact a $10 cider, not a $5 beer. Guess my taste buds were right. We paid the bill and left without complaining because we didn't feel like being there any longer than we were. Look, I understand things go wrong in restaurants and the server can't always control how long food takes and mistakes can be made. I am a server so I've been there. But I would've appreciated it if our server tried to do something to make up for our lackluster experience here. Not coming back here.
4	I've been to Big Grove Taver for brunch and dinner before. If I'm not mistaken they have 3 different menu for brunch, lunch, and dinner. This place takes both reservation and walk-ins, which was very helpful during graduation weekend when all the restaurants are packed.First impression: the place is trendy - you can sit in the bar area, tables, booth, or even outside during the summer. During brunch people come in their sweatshirt and sweatpants, but the dinner crowd is more well-dressed. I had a good experience with the service everytime I go to this place. They serve you popcorn with spices of the day as a complementary snack.Dinner:I came here with my vegetarian friend so all the items we ordered from the menu is vegetarian!- Devilled eggs: delicious, but not dying for it- Chilled roasted beets: very very delicious - I honestly prefer the beets to the devilled eggs for appetizer- Roasted sunchoke risotto: Errr... It's just ok. I've had better risotto before. I think it's a little bland- Veggie mac and cheese: Also just ok. Among all 4 items we order, I like the beets the most!Brunch:To be fair, I've been ordering the same thing over and over again: CHILAQUILES. My mouth is literally watering as I am writing this. It is absolutely heavenly!!! The tortilla is well covered in spices and it is between crunchy and soft corn tortillas. The shredded chicken is so soft and it melts in my mouth! MUST TRY! The portion is very generous I usually can't finish the whole plate in one meal.My boyfriend had the eggs benedict before and he said it was good, but it's something you can find anywhere!Did I mention they have good selection of cocktails? LOVE THE BLOODY MARY!! Overall I give 3 stars for the dinner and 5 for the brunch and thus 4 stars!! It's also a good place to chill and drink on sat/ Friday night.
5	Imaginative & delicious cocktails, food is great, people are Midwestern-friendly & they know their shit. No TV, which is nice. Try it.
