4	Been hearing great things about this place!
5	Woooooo!!! I had told myself I wouldn't give many 5-star reviews, but if that's the case I should've avoided this place!I went with the Brickhouse Burger... bbq sauce, onion strings and bacon, a burger lover's delight with a side of fries for $8.75  and when we asked for a side of bbq, we were brought a tray with different varietiesThe venue itself is suh-weeet!  Full brick building with wooden floors and tables, looks very good and would be a great date spot as long as she's all about meat and sauce.Another trip here soon, next time I'll have to get the pulled pork or the ribs.  Full bar with 40 beers on tap.  This place plays for keeps!!!
2	They have a great selection of beer, and they should as they are apparently owned by their next door neighbor: Riley's.  Their beer is very reasonably priced and the server informed us that they're rotated out every so often.  It's a nice atmosphere inside: not too fancy, but not your local dive either where you're afraid to touch the tables in case they stick.  It seemed like a great place to chill and relax at.  I have no idea how they handle a big group, but I might like this for a place for hanging out with friends better than the Dane.  The food was not very good.  I had the catfish sandwich, and it was a bit soggy.  I think there was just a bit too much sauce or oil or whatever.
5	No complaints here.  The place is beautiful!   The  food is great with huge portions.  The beer is cold.  There were three of us that went and we had the pulled pork dinner, 1/2 rack of ribs and the brisket sandwich.  For sides we sampled fries, spicy green beans and cheese grits.  The spicy green beans were my least favorite.  I did not find them spicy and they were not cooked long enough for me.  Cheese grits were really good and so are the fries.  They bring you a sample of sauces - house, vinegar and a mustard one.  They were all good, but my favorite was the house.  Our service was good, and the setting is really nice.  We were too full for dessert, but that looked good too!
2	Hmm... after further review, I feel I need to be more critical. We didn't finish everything last night, so I can back for seconds this evening. Here are the final results:The ribs were so full of fat, they were virtually inedible. It was hard to see all the fat through the dry rub caked on it. Again, no signs of ever having been smoked, either in flavor or color. I actually had a few bites of the ribs and tossed them. If you know me, tossing ribs is sacreligious.The brisket sandwich. Brisket? It tastes like the onion strings or rings or whatever they covered all the brisket in. After extracting the layers of fried onion strings, I tried the sandwich again... and guess what folks - the brisket had no flavor. I had to put BBQ saue on the brisket sandwich to get some taste in it.I'm not sure what Brickhouse is going for here, but it does make me sad to give a bad review. Maybe it was a bad day for them? I'll try again one of these days... but not any time soon.Fourteen years ago,  friend and I walked around the downtown Madison area in a fruitless search of anything barbeque... chicken, ribs, riblets, even the fake shit, smoked and slathered in sauce would have sufficed. Anyhow, 14 years later, someone came up with the brilliant idea of opening a barbeque joint on campus. It's a nice looking spot, and it appears to have a variety of different beers and liquors in addition to their BBQ, also nice to see in the campus area. Unfortunately, the BBQ itself was so so. I expected far better, but then again, I've always said that expectation is the king of all let down. The other criticism is that for the campus area, the pricepoint is pretty damn high. I know decent BBQ doesn't come cheap, but you also have to consider your location. If you are wondering, we had the ribs and a brisket sandwich. The ribs were okay, and I didn't see any of the telltale signs of having been smoked. They were chewy, which some people like - I don't. The brisket sandwich was rich and also lacking in flavor. The mac n' cheese was pretty basic - lacking in flavor. The chipotle smoked sweet potato salad was interesting, and the french fries - well how can you screw those up? Those were decent. Service was adequate and there was plenty of seating when we went. If I'm going to drop a couple bucks on BBQ, I'm going to pass on the ambiance of the downtown/campus area, and head over to Smoky Jon's.
3	We went the other night and while the decor and ambiance is amazing and so beautifully done, I was left wishing the food had been as great. I like how they keep unique pint glasses on each table and that the tables are simple and neat.  It wasn't very busy when we went and we were seated right away and given drinks within 5 minutes.  Our server was incredibly nice and did a great job.I had the pulled pork sandwich with a side of the mac and cheese and my bf had the brisket sandwich.  His was awesome, with really great flavors.  Mine was just alright and I've definitely had better at a lower price, the mac and cheese however was really good.  Unfortunately my sandwich had an unwelcome hair in it and without me even saying anything, the waitress noticed my face, took it away, comped it and apologized.  Her handling of the situation was perfect and I do understand that accidents happen everywhere.  It certainly won't hinder me from trying it again.The service was quick and friendly and it was certainly nice to have a variety of different BBQ sauces to add to the food.  Everyone seemed efficient and friendly, and again I can't say enough how beautifully decorated it was.I can't wait to see what the huge outdoor patio is like as the weather gets nicer!
4	A 4.5 might be more appropriate, and that's only beause I like to save my 5 star rating for someplace really special... As people have said before, the beer selection is top-notch in the city, and they post the alcohol content so you know what you're getting into. The food is fancy-bar food, but A. what do you expect at a Barbeque, and B. that probably has something to do with my preferences. I ordered the pulled pork, and it was everything I want in a pulled pork. Atmosphere is quite nice. Madison doesn't have a ton of mid-level sit down places that aren't chain-restaurants, aren't dirty, and are affordable. It really fills a niche I didn't realize Madison was missing, so Kudos to you Mrs. Lee. For those of you unaware, Mrs. Lee is the Trump of Madison. She owns Church Key, Vinyard (liquor store below Key), Riley's, Samba, and now the Brickhouse. Anyhow, this place is worth a visit and if I still lived in Madison I would probably eventually have my own menu item. Far better than the bum shelter that previously occupied the building. Who would want to eat at a bum shelter?
3	I had the beef brisket sandwich.  It was good and I would go there again and order it.  Having said that...The brisket can't be ordered as just an entree, which made me skeptical about its quality, but the sandwich was alright.  The meat was tender, but not melt in my mouth tender.  The meat was a little too salty and didn't have enough of that beef fat taste.  The mustard sauce was good with it but took over the flavors too much (or the meat didn't have enough flavor to begin with?  The roll it came with was good/standard and the crispy onion strings on it topped it offed nicely.  The french fries came pre-seasoned and were cooked well.  Big portion, friendly service, and yummy taste.
2	First off, read this with the understanding that it is a very new place and may not have hit its stride yet...My brother and I are both native Texans.  We are very open minded about different types of BBQ and understand that there are a million variations of it...and we love them all!  LOL  The above being said, the food served at Brickhouse can in no way be construde as BBQ.  My brother had the "so called" brisket sandwich which should be appropriately renamed as a roast beef sandwich...if that is actual brisket, they need serious lessons.  It was flavorless and dried out from being reheated improperly.I had a sausage combo that claimed to be both cajun sausage and smoked sausage but they both looked and tasted identical and neither tasted great.  The sauces served along with the meals are good.  The sides are interesting and actually more flavorful than the main courses.  The one thing that I had that knocked my socks off was the lemon icebox pie...it was frozen solid and hard to cut but it tasted great.As other reviewers have pointed out the atmosphere, selection, and service were are all very good.  There is a rooftop bar that hasn't opened yet but it looks like it might be a great hang.Perhaps they should just tweak the name to "Brickhouse"?  Then people like me will relax about the BBQ thing.  LOL  After all, it is a beautiful place.
4	Great beer selection and the food is very good. The outdoor patio is a great addition to Madison this summer.
3	I am torn on this one. I didn't really care for my meal, but there wasn't really anything bad about it.I had wanted to order the brisket sandwich, but Brickhouse BBQ opts for slicing over pulling. I'm not a big meat person, but when I do eat it, I don't want to see any pink. Not wanting to have to deal with a pile of possibly not-cooked-enough-for-me brisket, I opted for the chicken sandwich. The chicken breast was huge, an inch thick in some places. It was almost too much. Unfortunately, there was a spongy bit (fat? other weird things I don't really want to think about?), so that was kind of gross. There was a lot of char, which I'm not a fan of, but once again - that's a matter of personal preference, not really anything that Brickhouse did wrong. I would, however, recommend that they put the monster of a sandwich on something stronger than white toast - I had to eat my sandwich with a knife and fork because the sauce and other toppings rendered the bread useless. Several people at the table chose the pulled pork sandwich and were really happy with it; the people who chose salads seemed ambivalent.  The fries were pretty good, but of the battered variety - I prefer my spuds simple. Brickhouse has a large selection of beers & other drinks, but beware of the price. My friend ordered a margarita rocks from the bar while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive and it ended up being $7.50. In Madison, that's pretty pricey, especially for a restaurant bar during what is normally considered happy hour.
5	I made the mistake of looking over the reviews before starting to write my own.  A lot of negative reviews...making me wonder if my awesome meal a little while ago was real or just a dream...Well if it was a dream I am going to go back for another dream as soon as I can!  I didn't want a heavy beefy meal so I went with the grilled chicken sandwich with bacon, cheddar, tomatoes, carmalized onions, spicy mayo, and bbq sauce.  Yes it was quite wet but it was delicious.  The bacon was not your run-of--the-mill oscar mayer.  It was thick and tasty yet cooked to crispy perfection.  The fries were great.  The three dipping sauces were all good with a special mention of the mustard based bbq sauce.  Who would have thought that would have been so tasty!She had the appetizer portion of the ribs and we both agreed that they were the tastiest ribs either of us has ever had.  My grandfather used to smoke ribs for hours and Brickhouse's were right up there with his.Beer selection was impressive.  Our server was fast and friendly.  The restaurant itself is modern yet warm...basically a beautiful setting for a wonderful meal.  We will go back.
3	The good: *The interior is awesome - they must have spent a ton of $$$ to make that three story beauty possible, *Outdoor patio *The on tap beer selection is legit - I think its around 50 different beers. *Prices are fair (especially on beer!) *Cornbread is very goodThe un-good:  *The food is just decent - it doesn't pop. I wouldn't avoid, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. I think I tried a bunch of different meats too, but was underwhelmed. *The service isn't great
4	I'm not a big barbeque person, but I liked the food. I got the pulled pork sandwich. I'm a fan of the sauces on the side - mostly because I don't like barbeque sauce that much. Definitely not anywhere near the best, but it's reasonably priced. Plus, there's a huge selection of beers on tap. The sides are all very good - loved the cornbread and the grits.Service: Meh. Nothing happened that would make me say it's bad, but I also don't remember my servers even checking on my table more than once.Environment: The place is huge. I worried they would have trouble filling it, but the second time I went, it was packed and there was a 30 minute wait.Background notes: went with a group of about 10 friends on a Wednesday night, also went with the family on a Saturday night.
4	The previous reviews kind of scared us but we really enjoyed this restaurant.The food was great - my husband and I shared two dinners - rack of ribs and the sausage combo platter.  Sides were fries, mac and cheese (recommended by server), cinnamon apples, and cheesy grits.  Mac and cheese needed seasoning,but after I tried the ribs and sausage I didn't mind - they were so delicious and full of flavor that the mac anc cheese was kind of the calm in the storm.I had a Louisville Swigger (peach puree with house made bourbon) and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD.  My husband had a couple of the 40+ beers on tap.  No complaints in the drink department!Our service was a little hit or miss (slow drinks, could be bar's fault) ... we didn't get side plates for our appetizer or a plate/bucket/bowl for our ribs, but we made do.  There are bigger problems in life.Ask for a window seat if you go.  We had so much fun people watching in this eclectic college town.  The best part of the night was watching college students paying certain individuals to buy them booze at the liquor shop next door to the restaurant and then picking up their booze in the alley next to the restaurant.  We were very entertained!Overall this is a nice restaurant - great food at a really decent price.
3	Brickhouse BBQ is solid--good food, decent drinks, and a comfortable atmosphere.The place looks like it was ripped clear out of Tennessee and the choice in alcoholic beverages shows it as well. They are massive fans of Southern Comfort here, so if that's what you enjoy--you'll be right at home.I've had the ribs (fantastic), grits (awesome), duck wings (meh--not impressed; very greasy as duck tends to be), pulled pork (solid), and the sausage (OK). The star attraction in this joint is the ribs and it shows--they're the most flavorful, but it would be unwise to assume that the ribs are the only thing worth eating here.The service isn't phenomenal, but it's not bad either. Generally, every time I've been in, there's so many people that it's difficult to really get anything good with so many folks waiting. I will say, though, that one of the bartenders was a little inexperienced as my significant other had a little trouble getting a shot of whiskey.This place isn't fine, upscale dining. But it is a barbeque joint--a comfortable place where you can get decent food at decent prices and that's what it does best at.
3	This isn't a bad place to get a burger, but you're really much better off going to Dotty's around the corner or even Five Guys up on State if that's what you're looking for. The meat is obviously pressed.I decided to give the ribs a try one night, but wasn't too impressed. They were pretty dry and difficult to eat. The sauce was lacking, but you will always get brought a plate full of interesting signature sauces to top your food with.I love the mac and cheese here. Incredibly cheesy, large elbows cooked to exactly the right toughness/softness, and topped with a delicious blend of spices and bread crumbs. The coleslaw is extremely bland, and should be avoided. French fries were your average thin cut with an average seasoning salt, nothing you couldn't get anywhere else. Get the fried onion strings on anything and everything that you can get it with - they're excellent thanks to a crispy and well-seasoned batter.Service is standard good, which is sometimes a hard thing to get in Madison. The wait staff is friendly and will be happy to immediately get you anything you need. The atmosphere is also pretty nice, with a pleasant patio out back and nice hardwood floors and brick walls inside.All in all, I've had extremely average dining experiences in here. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to try it, but take a look at their menu. If you're looking for something in particular, it might be worth a shot.
4	This place has a really clean, modern atmosphere. I went there a couple times the week it first opened with three friends from the Carolinas and they were quite ecstatic to finally find decent BBQ and sweet tea in Madison. I always leave with my meat craving satisfied.Service is always friendly, but don't expect to be in and out in half an hour. It's not that type of joint. Drinks are better than average for Madison too.
2	I very, very rarely write in to Yelp, but I feel like I need to be the tie-breaker on this one, as the reviews are wildly divergent.There are two possibilities for this place.  Eithera) it entirely depends on when you are hereorb) people don't know what good BBQ is here in Madison.Now, I live in NYC now, so I'm a bit food-spoiled.  But I love BBQ, so my standards are pretty low.This was not good BBQ.  I had the full ribs, with mac & cheese, succotash.  Sides were alright, nothing to write home about.  The ribs were overcooked and dried out, and were intolerable on their own.  Sure, if you slather them in enough BBQ sauce, they taste alright, but so does cardboard.Don't go.  Overly expensive (at least by Madison standards) and just flat out not good BBQ.
3	It was tasty, but we had a very inattentive waiter. My boyfriend and I both ordered the pulled pork, I got the chipotle sweet potato salad and the coleslaw. Coleslaw was delicious and salad was ok.The serve the sauce on the side for the pulled pork- it was tasty meat but too dry without the sauce and we only got very small servings of sauce. We wanted to ask for more but the waiter did not even come by while for 20 minutes and we had almost finished. We each got a beer which was also good- they have a huge selection of beers on tap. We will probably be back again sometime, but not rushing to be back.
2	I went last night with a friend--and it was just a bad idea.The ribs, which are normally pretty solid were burnt to a crisp, bland, and dry. I'm not a fan of well done meat, especially for barbeque because you can get the nice coat without destroying the inside meat.Additionally, our waitress was, like many other posters mentioned, wasn't very attentive. It took her 20 minutes to figure out that we needed our bill, and it's not like the place was super busy. When we came in originally too, the hostess was busy talking to a friend until a waitress pointed out we were waiting.It seems every time I come here, this place just gets more bland and less tasty to me. I think I'm going to avoid coming here for awhile.
3	I'm a HUGE fan of BBQ, so let's just get it out of the way now and admit that the likelihood of any restaurant in the Midwest truly competing with the best BBQ has to offer is slim to none.  No offense, and I'm not even from BBQ country.1)  The BEER selection is insanely awesome.  I would return here solely to drink beer because they have so many great options (many of which are local!)2)  The food.  Ok, obvious choice here, but let me elaborate.  First, the portions are pretty insane.  I had the Brisket Sandwich, and while I did finish the plate I kind of regretted doing it.  Luckily, I had been starving before I walked in to try this place.  The brisket itself was well done, it was a great chunk of meat size-wise (run with that however you want), and it reminded me of good BBQ.  The sauces are, to me anyway, obviously homemade (and I mean that in a bad way).  The smokey, typical, BBQ sauce is delicious.  Well done there.  The vinegar sauce isn't too bad, but I think that vinegar BBQ fans will be disappointed.  The mustard was Ter-ri-ble.  It tastes like mustard and lacks the nuance and layered flavors that real mustard-based BBQ sauces have.  Kudos for trying though.  I actually found that I liked mixing the vinegar with the smokey-molasses, but they should really only give people the latter.  Thank god they gave me all three choices, which was a nice touch.  If I had been forced to use the mustard, I would have walked out.  The fries were some of the best I remember eating.  Wow.  Keep doing what you're doing there.As far as the atmosphere, that's a great word to describe a place that seems kind of small until you realize that there are three floors.  Each floor has its bar as well (great planning!).  Nothing else is too special about it other than the fact that there is actually brick in The Brickhouse.  The service was awesome.  I sat at the bar and Clayton served me.  We talked about football and a few other topics over the course of lunch.  Good conversation, good service, and he even offered to give me a tour of the place when I told him that I had been curious about it for a while before finally showing up to try it out.Price is good.  When your food arrives, you know that you probably haven't paid enough for the portion you get.  This is likely covered up in the cost of whatever meat they're using.  I don't know where they source it, but BBQ is kind of about making great meat out of anything.   So, while I don't really care, it would be cool if they had a local option with their food like they have with their beer.I'll be back.UPDATE: How could I forget to mention that they have somewhere around 40-50 types of Bourbon.  I love Bourbon.  If you love it too, you'll find this place to be very enjoyable.
5	Rating is for the beer selection...top notch.  Cool building, nice location.  Will be back for the Q...
2	I went with 3 coworkers over lunch today. It was the slowest service ever. Maybe it was just our waiter, though, because the table next to us arrived after us, ate, and left before us. All 3 of us agreed that the food was just OK. The "spiced apples" were essentially chopped, crunchy apples mixed in a spiced apple sauce.
2	Had dinner there a few weeks after it opened and wasn't pleased. I had the BBQ pulled pork, that literally had no BBQ on it and was drier than the desert. My boyfriend and our guest got the full rack of ribs. Nether were pleased or happy with their choice. The bartender didn't know the beers they had on tap and seemed pretty out of it.  They did let us sit on the rooftop and brought our food up for us, as it was later there was no server waiting upstairs. It has a nice view from the rooftop, but thats honestly the only good thing I have to say.
3	Yummy, but not what I think of when I think of a "BBQ" place. Definitely more upscale than your average barbecue joint. I actually felt a little weird picking up my ribs with my hands to eat them(When we are jonesin' for some Q, we usually go to Smoky Jon's, which is your "paper towels on the table, get down and messy" kind of place).Anyhow, everything was decent. They have a two meat combo, which is nice when you want a little of this, and a little of that. I got the ribs and sausage. Ribs were really yummy, and the sausage while good, was unexpected--with a mustard sauce and lightly pickled peppers on top. Not your average style barbecue. The man had a pulled pork sandwich, juicy...but too smoked for my taste.They serve all three of their sauces with the meal. Our fave was the molasses based sauce, hands down. The vinegar was okay, and the mustard "barbecue sauce" just seemed like tasty mustard. Eh. I chose the cheese grits, which were good...but fluffier in texture than I'm used to. The server recommended the roasted veggie pasta salad, which was average(not that it mattered, I was too full to eat it anyhow). Really torn between three and four stars. We'd like to check it out upstairs, so we'll be back!
4	The brisket sandwich was tender, juicy, delicious. Chicken sandwich not quite as good, but tasty anyway. Great selection of tap beers, worth a visit.
2	ended up here during that awkward period between lunch and dinner (approx 2pm) totally famished. happy to have a server w a beer suggestion (40 options) at the ready, so my expectations steadily grew as we ordered (me: beef brisket sammie, hubs: pulled pork entree w mac&cheese and fries).being a southern transplant, i give northerners a large amount of leeway in recreating "exotic" foods i grew up eating, but even so, brickhouse bbq is nothing exceptional. menu in general is lacking any real chefs vision or influence but theyve rejected basic bar food "specialties" (no cheese curds, but they do have hush puppies...odd to me). ultimately, i wouldnt come back for the food, and the beer i had was the most expensive, least special IPA i have ever had. letdown.
3	The atmosphere is nice - I usually love BBQ dives so this is a good more upscale feeling option with great beer selection.  I really enjoy the pulled pork, amazing sauces and the options for sides so I'm still going back.  I do have a few complaints that I may get tired of and sway me toward other options:1) The cornbread is cold and dry.  Disappointing since good cornbread can be a religious experience.2) Last time we went, the hostess that seated us didn't look like she worked there.  She had been sitting at the bar in a sundress and sandals and was wearing her purse.  When we looked over at the bar later she was drinking a bloody mary.  Doesn't exactly seem like a professional choice.3) Give me more sauce when you serve the food!  They give you three types of sauce, all are tasty and pair well with the meat, but they're in little two ounce dishes that are only half full.  Not even enough for one person, so you run out of sauce and then...4) The past two times I've gone, after the food was served the waiter (different person each time) disappeared.  We ran out of sauce and drinks quickly and, while the meat is good, the sauce is what makes it so we essentially stopped eating while waiting to flag someone down.  The place wasn't even busy since we usually go around 11 or during the weird between lunch/dinner period on the weekend, so I'm not sure where the waitstaff go or what their excuse is for not checking back in after dropping off the food.  They're losing prime opportunities to earn some better tips.
3	good food but not your idea of a typical smokehouse. Not in St.Louis so i can't say i was disappointed at the quality of their BBQ either, but not the best i've ever had. Nice place to sit and enjoy a quiet conversation in beautiful space looking out onto the busy street if you're not looking for a knock your socks off BBQ experience.
3	I guess these guys had a staff party the night before, because 3 of their staff loomed around the bar complaining about being hungover while I waited for service. Service-okFood-okBeer Selection-Pretty good. Also they are right next to a great liquor store with a fantastic beer selection-Must go over there
4	Today we came to Brickhouse BBQ for lunch for the first time. After walking down State Streeet and not finding anything that we wanted, we came across some decent Que.When you think of Madsion, Wisconsin you may think of cheese and brats or you might  just be black out drunk. Wisconsin is the cheapest state to drink and and Madison is the cheapest city in America.The Ham I had was incredible but the chicken was really dry. For sides I had the sweet potato salad (pieces were hard and not that tasty) and the collard greens (Awesome with little pieces of ham).Some people said they didn't like the cornbread but I thought it was tasty.If I lived in Madison I would make this place a regular hang out for drinks or lunch.If there is a next time (which I hope there is) I would try the ribs and the Mac and Cheese. I hear there are more cows in Wisconsin than minorities. So the cheese must be awesome!
4	They've gotten a lot better since they first opened! The view is wonderful on the patio in the summer. Everything is delicious. We came on new year's eve and used a groupon. The sever was attentive and prompt. My boyfriend loved the nachos with brisket.
2	Really wanted to like this place but. . .    Food started out good with the pulled pork quesadia which was very good.  Lots of flavor and juicy.  Came with sour cream and some spicy salsa.  But then dinner came. If it hadn't been for the appetizer, this place would have only gotten 1 star.   I had the flatiron steak which would have been good if cooked to medium.  It arrived more well done.  I was going to send it back but my spouse told me to just eat it.  Not much flavor and the BBQ sauces that were brought out to us didn't help much.  One was a molasses based sauce that was way too sweet.  Then a vinegar sauce which was too sour and a mustard sauce that might as well been a bottle of Grey Poupon.  I like Grey Poupon, just not as a BBQ sauce.Worse were the ribs that my wife got.  VERY dry to the point of being crispy.  Talk about a waste of good meat.  Some of the worst ribs I have ever tasted.  I was so hoping this would bring Madison a good BBQ place but it doesn't make the grade.
4	Engaging service thanks Phil.  Enjoyed the food.  The only issue was the size of the booth.  Kinda small for four people.
4	We had dinner at Brickhouse when we were visiting family in Madison. Our party of 8 was seated at a large table on the second floor. Nice ambiance, very spacious, not too noisy. Our table ordered a variety of dishes: hush puppies, vegetable sandwich, sausage sandwich, Brickhouse ribs, two meat combos. Everything was huge! I was thrilled with my vegetable sandwich. Gigantic portabella mushrooms! Generous side of fries. $7.99. This was 2 meals for me. Only 1 person at our table wasn't happy with their meal because the ribs and roasted chicken were too dry. Way too dry. Like it's been sitting there under a heat lamp for hours and hours. P.S. The 3 different BBQ sauces are delicious!
3	Very mixed experiences from visit to visit.  The last visit was not good...we used the Groupon and had the following issues.  Server wasn't that engaged, wrong entree was brought out, and the entrees were brought out before we got half way through the appetizer.  On the plus side, beer selection is outstanding, mac and cheese is great, and typically the food is really good.
5	The worst part about this place is knowing that you're too old to not need a nap before you try to go out afterward.  Great portions for the money.  I'm a big fan of meat, and this place does it right.  The chicken isn't dry, and the ribs are tender without being messy.  You also get a choice of two sides with a dinner, which really means you only need to decide on one because, good God, if you don't already have the mac 'n cheese penciled in...good luck in life.Very accomodating for large groups.  A positively astounding beer selection.
4	Great food. Good ribs (nice bark!) Pulled Pork is always a safe bet. We'll be back. Beer and Bourbon lists are very complete. Gotsta Go!
4	I met a small group of people here for dinner on Saturday night (4/7/12) at around 6:00pm, and was quite pleased with the experience.  It went a little something like this...We were promptly seated near the bar area, which was OK by us.  The interior is open, a bit craftsman-like, and a little on the noisy side.  Our server stopped by immediately to gather drink orders; Brickhouse has 40 beers on tap, most of which are microbrews from around the USA, and all are reasonably priced.  Server left to get the drinks, and we browsed the menu.  Brickhouse leans toward the southern side of BBQ - there are grits, collard greens, and spiced apples - all of which are fine by me.  We decided to try the duck legs and the pork quesadilla for appetizers, entrees were ordered as well.  I was really tempted to try the Cobb salad, but opted for the two meat combo, after seeing other tables receive their combo plates.Quick side note... I've read the many raves about the Bourbon, Scotch, and Whisky menu here.  After carefully studying the menu, I have to say: "Meh."  Yes, they have some OK stuff, but it's really over-priced, and there's nothing outstanding that comes to mind, aside from the Pappy van Winkle offerings.  Everything else is fairly pedestrian... So, if you're looking specifically for good whiskys, this probably wouldn't be my first choice.The appetizers arrived - the quesadilla was excellent.  High quality (read: low moisture, low grease) cheese, and a TON of pulled pork.  The side of salsa was great as well.  The quesadilla was devoured in seconds - sort of like the neighborhood dogs that steal the Christmas turkey in "A Christmas Story."The duck legs were good, but duck is fatty... and I'm not a huge fan of greasy/fatty food, so it wasn't something I'd order again.  Others at the table liked it, but not as much as the quesadilla.We refreshed our drinks and shortly thereafter, the food arrived.Light eaters take note: the plates here are HUGE.  And this is coming from a guy who can easily eat an entire apple fritter from Greenbush bakery.My two meat combo platter featured pulled pork, ribs, collard greens, and spicy green beans, with a piece of cornbread.  If I had to guess, I'd say there was a full pound of pulled pork on the plate, along with 5-6 ribs.I'm a bit of a rib snob, so take this with a grain of salt - the ribs were good, but not outstanding.  A bit gristly, a bit fatty, and I swear they had a hint of pine taste.  Good bark.  Just not really my preferred style of rib.  Rib lovers - go to Knoche's Meat Shop on Old Middleton, buy the baby back ribs, and make 'em yourself.  You'll never go anywhere else...The pulled pork was superb.  Moist, smoky, lean, and delicious.  Really a winner.  The sauces (molasses, vinegar, and mustard) were excellent as well.Spicy green beans were a bit oily, but good.  Greens were superb.  Not over-cooked, full of flavor, and really good.I sampled the mac-n-cheese, and the rave reviews are accurate - the stuff was phenomenal.  Get it.  Even if you're on a diet.  Brickhouse = WINFood = 4 stars -- solidService = 3 stars -- averageValue = 3 stars -- averageMISC = 4 stars -- good beer list, nice interiorI will definitely be back.  I'll order the smoked chicken, pulled pork, and mac-n-cheese.  Oh, and a sandwich... those looked amazing as well.BBQ is polarizing and subject to a lot of personal opinion.  And in my opinion, this is a solid place, especially for a Wisconsin 'que place.
2	If I were to recommend Brickhouse, I would suggest just going there for beers and appetizers. They have a very good beer selection. They also have a good rooftop patio for a nice day.In terms of the food, it wasn't great for me. I got the ribs and they were cooked well, but the cut of meat that they gave me was incredibly fatty, which was gross. I also got corn on the cob as a side and they brought me butter, but no salt or pepper, which I found odd. Our friends got their smoked pulled pork and it was again good, but nothing special. We make better smoked pork on our smoker at home, it has much more flavor.Last, we went with our kids and even though this place is downtown and may not advertise itself as "kid friendly", they could've done a better job. They took WAY to long to get us our check when the kids were obviously getting antsy, and it wasn't even that busy. Come to think of it, it took a longer than avg time to get our drinks as well.
2	I remember when this place opened, and how they have some nice patio seating. We decided to sit inside this time, right next to the bar.Everyone liked the Southern Mac n'Cheese. I was not impressed, plus it was cold. My friend whose lived in NOLA for 2 years, said her grits were mostly liquid, not grits. The cornbread, was bland and cold. The roasted chicken was pretty good.Only one veggie option for my veggie friend.The drinks were good, and cheap. But overall I was unimpressed with the quality of food. Not enough Comfort in this pseudo Southern establishment.
2	Brickhouse has been on my list to try for several months and after finally getting the opportunity it was not hit.  The sides, mac-n-cheese and greens, were better than the meat.  The ham was dry and ribs tasted like they have been warmed over for the past couple of days. Was definitely hoping for better.
2	I have been here multiple times before and thought it was pretty good. Over time I have noticed a slight slip in quality of the food. This last trip for lunch sealed the deal for me and I will not be back. The first floor was about 1/3 full so it was not too crowded. We were a party of 4. Two ordered burgers and two ordered ribs. One ordered an appetizer that came with the meal instead of before the meal. The worst part was that it took 50 minutes to get our food and once it arrived for two of the people, it took 5 more minutes for the other 2 to get their food. The burgers were tasty as was the cornbread. The ribs were way overcooked and dry and had a slightly burnt taste. My guess is that they were cooked significantly earlier and then reheated on a grill. My collard greens were tough and too salty to eat. Not once during our wait did anyone come by and let us know that the kitchen was behind. No one ever asked how our food was after the wait. There are significantly better places to get BBQ than here.
4	Great food! And yummy run punch.
4	I came here for a pre-party during Great Taste of the Midwest 2012. Therefore, I cannot really comment on the food, as I was only here to drink. Their tap selection was awesome - they were hosting 3 fantastic out of town breweries. The space was gorgeous - loved the different levels and the view of the Capitol was breathtaking. I would definitely return for some grub!
5	I had a Groupon for this place $15 for $30, best Groupon I have ever purchased. I had the Ribs along with the southern mac n cheese and coleslaw. All I can say was wow. Best Mac n cheese I have ever had!!!!! I eat at alot of BBQ joints and I can tell you that these ribs were terrific. The portion size was amazing. I had food for the next day's lunch! not to mention all the beers they had on tap. Great place to eat.My wife had the pulled pork sandwich along with Veggies, she loved it as well.Best BBQ ribs in Madison. I'll be heading back with or without a Groupon. Great first experience Brickhouse!
4	Holy Mac N Cheese If you've had it...you know what I'm talking about. If you haven't.. you need to. I'm not going to be snobbish to the point that I'll say I've grown out of mac n cheese. Having established that, I'd like to think myself a connoisseur of the delicacy. Brickhouse's Mac N Cheese was quite possibly the best I've ever had, and I've had a lot of it.  I rounded off the meal with the Brisket, which was also very good. Our waiter was a decently nice fellow, and nothing to complain about. I really liked the environment of the place, but it seems as if they're struggling to find their identity still. All in all, it was a 3.5-4.5/5 and I'll definitely be back
3	Ask me after my first visit, 5 stars.  It is too hit or miss.  They have some great cooks, and some mediocre ones.  I loved the chicken, portabella, tri tip, and catfish sandwiches on different occasions.  Fries are decent and mac n cheese was great.  The ribs were the firm style, not the moist, falling off the bone type I like.  I think that should be noted on the menu.  The past couple times, the mac n cheese was cold and unseasoned.  My mom's chicken sandwich was burnt.  The nachos were put together worse than a Taco Bell.  There was a huge, haphazard chunk of pork, another of sour cream, etc.  It really felt like they didn't give a s***.  I was also interested in having an event here prior to the last experience.  The hosts on 2 different occasions gave me the wrong email address.  I thought that I was being ignored but the events manager cleared that up.Tl;dr.  Great rooftop, food is hit or miss.  At best, great.  At worst, not likely to come back.
3	They didn't have the one beer I was looking for (Pumpking). I was told if I write a review solely based on that... I'm "that yelper."So in addition to them not having the beer that I went there for, they also serve sauce-less wings in this sort of DIY format that is nowhere near getting a thoroughly dredged and sauced up wing that leaves you wishing you had more napkins. I'll try 'em out again and explore more of the menu and hope they have Pumpking next time on draft.
4	Yum, is it ok to say yum five more time? Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum!!!!Yeah, it was delicious.  I ordered the pulled pork dinner.  It came with a piece of Texas toast.  There was so much pork on my plate that it engulfed my toast.  I ordered the Roasted Veggies and Mac n Cheese as my sides.  I had two full meals from the leftovers I took home.  The portions are ridiculous.  As for the taste?  Sensational.  The Mac n Cheese must have a cream cheese component.  It was so creamy and delicious.  The pulled pork was flavorful without being too salty or greasy.  Why only four stars?  The space and the way the restaurant is laid out feels so cold.  I just can not get comfortable.  It felt very cold and isolated.  I was hoping to have a more homey feel.  Not to mention, I wish they would update their website.  I love Brickhouse BBQ.  I find any excuse to go back.
5	Love cannot even begin to describe what I feel for Brickhouse Barbecue. It's my favorite spot on campus for lunch, dinner, or a beer (they have over 40 on tap!) on the outdoor patio. The brisket sandwich is divine - tender steak topped with melted cheese and onion strings on a perfectly toasted bun. The sandwiches come with fries that are out of this world... they have some sort of batter that makes them extra crunchy. Dipping everything in Brickhouse's trio of homemade BBQ sauces takes the whole meal to the next level.  And did I mention the mac and cheese side dish? Cork screw noodles smothered in a cheddar cheese sauce and tossed with toasted panko bread crumbs. The portions are huge, the prices are low, and the food is scrumptious. It's a win all around.
3	The BBQ is good. I like their pulled pork dinner served on top of texas toast. The toast gets nice and soggy underneath the meat. They serve the food with a selection of BBQ sauces.I never really realized they had so many taps. I'll have to go back to try. The last time I was here it was a couple of days before my 21st birthday. Taps do make a difference in my ratings...
4	Went here for lunch (on a Saturday) and was pleasantly surprised as soon as we walked in.  From the outside the place looks, well, not like a great BBQ would look like.  Maybe it just looks too new.  The inside however was very appealing.  Very clean with a brick wall and nice wood work.  As soon as you walk in, you can see lot's and lot's of interesting beers on tap (they have 20-30 on tap).  My group was already ordering before I got halfway through the tap list.  I "settled" on a fat tire as to not hold up the works.  The other folks tried a variety of local beers and they all reported favorably.I had the chicken wings and found them delicious.  They were very smokey and the sauce didn't overwhelm  Al the other folks got pulled pork sandwiches and all enjoyed them. I wish I had more time/meals here in town to try more of their food and beer.
1	Went to Brickhouse with two buddies for the first time in about a year, and all three of our meals were horrible.  The ribs and the brisket were way over cooked and tough.  Shocking how bad it was.  The corn bread was totally and entirely dry, just paln bad.  I had eaten here in the past and the sausage was good, so I was very disappointed, but the food cannot lie.  Luckily, the Miller Lite was on special for $2 a pint and the waitress was really friendly and did her best.
3	Tried this place during restaurant week 2012. I'm a huge fan of BBQ and Brickhouse had never come across my radar before so I was eager to check it out. They served the chicken skewer app with three different BBQ sauces (yay!) follwed by a rack of ribs with a side of mac & cheese. The mac was delicious, creamy, with bread crumb topping. There was peach cobbler for dessert but I only got one bite down because I was so full (having a stout beer helped with that). Finding parking and walking there is a hassle if you don't live downtown, I will try it again if I'm in the mood for navigating there.
2	Fantastic beer selection and decent food. The BBQ pulled pork is always a favorite. Two thumbs up for the catfish sandwich and the 1/2 lb. burger, but don't order the chicken chili - gross! The good food made up for the terrible service. Our waiter was stressed out because they were understaffed during the rush before the Men's basketball game. I kinda felt bad for his situation, but he was very unprofessional and just plain rude. We love the roof-top terrace in the summer, so we might be back in when it's warmer.
4	Stopped at brickhouse while visiting Madison for the first time. There was a great selection of Wisconsin beers on tap. We ordered the catfish sandwhich which was delicious and also tried the pulled pork sandwich which was great too. Our server was friendly and helpful. Very pleased and would definitely recommend!
4	I'm a big fan of Brickhouse. To me, high quality meat is what makes great BBQ, and Brickhouse does it right. The pulled pork and brisket are really delicious, and the mac & cheese is really good too. Definitely try the mustard-style BBQ sauce on your pulled pork, even if it sounds weird (most northerners don't associate mustard with BBQ, but I appreciate the fact that Brickhouse has a good selection of regional sauces). Also, the jalapeno cornbread is to die for.Another thing that really impresses me about Brickhouse is their great selection of bourbons and other whiskeys. They actually stock Pappy Van Winkle's, which makes me really happy - but also really frustrated since I can't not drink it, and of course it's just as expensive as everywhere else (naturally - but so worth it). Try the flight that includes the 10 year!
5	I don't know why this place has so few stars. The food was really good. Now, I typically like my BBQ sauces to hit me a bit more, but that's a personal preference. I mixed the mustard and original sauce and liked the result. But the pulled pork is so delicious that you can eat it without any sauce, and the beans were really awesome (though I would have preferred spicier) and collards were good too. And as for the service: wow! The waitress was super attentive, even with juggling several other tables. The bartender did a great job recommending some rye whiskey for me, and even sent over some van winkle when they didn't have one of the ryes that came with my flight. The prices were very reasonable as well. They even have several teas to choose from, which was a surprise at a BBQ place. Definitely will be coming back.Oh, and I think it's awesome that they have a unisex bathroom.
4	This place seems to garner a lot of mixed reviews, but luckily for me, I had a great experience here this past Saturday.To start off with, our waitress was extremely friendly and accommodating, and really knew her alcohol (always a plus).I was rather surprised by their large and interesting selection of beer, given that it's a BBQ place. I was feeling adventurous, and went with their Founders Dirty Bastard. You're already getting a pretty good deal for the price ($5) to alcohol ratio (8.3%), and it only gets better when you realize it doesn't taste like crap. It tasted like any dark ale to me, so there's not much to complain.My friends went with the WTF (tastes kinda like warp speed) and Ace Berry Cider (tastes kinda like berry juice, aka for pansies); Aside from the beer, their BBQ's pretty good too :pThey have 3 delicious sauces available, and you can get as many refills as you want.I ordered a Brickhouse Brisket entree, which is smoked brisket laid over a piece of toast, all served with cornbread and 2 sides. Now that may sound like a lot of food, but... never mind, who am I kidding. It's a lot of food. You're definitely going to be full.Their beef was pretty tender, but didn't really stand out much besides that. I also wish they had more meat, and maybe less starch, but I'm over it.What's ironic is that instead of their brisket, which should be the best part of ya know, a BBQ dish, it's their sides that truly shine. The cornbreads might be my favorite part, because not only is it sweet, it also had bits of jalapeno(?) to give it a kick. The toast was also great, as its crunchy texture really added some needed pizazz to the meal. I got a side of crisp and spicy green beans (meh) and braised collard greens & ham (better than meh).      So overall, a pretty filling meal with a variety of taste, more good than bad :)
2	I had heard good things about Brickhouse. My friend and went there on a Monday for dinner. It was pretty quiet.We sat in a booth on the main level. Never again! The booth backs are loose, so every time the guy behind me leaned back, I got pushed forward. When he returned to the table after stepping away for a few minutes, he hit the back of the seat pretty hard and I got slammed forward. (I'm not blaming the guy here, the restaurant needs to fix these booths!)The server didn't tell us that there were drink specials, until he brought them and let me know that my beer was on special. That would have been nice to know ahead of time though. It might have affected my friend's order. The waiter informed my friend that they were out of the beer she ordered (a hefeweizen) and suggested another one that he said was similar. What he brought was not a wheat beer at all, very hoppy and bitter. My beer tasted like garlic, as if they had made a Bloody Mary in the glass, rinsed it with water, and poured my beer. Pretty gross!Also, there were a ton of gnats/fruit flies flying around, which was distracting and kind of nasty.The meat on the pulled pork sandwich was good, but I wish their sauces tasted better. Fries were ok. My friend got a tiny bowl of beef chili, which she said was ok, but pretty brothy for chili. Overall, I thought the food was unimpressive, but not bad.
4	When the Mac is good, it's the best in town - but at times they don't put enough cheese on it so it turns out like buttered noodles. Other than the Mac, which is my favorite item on the menu, the food is pretty good, definitely not great. They have an excellent selection of brew though and and VERY friendly staff which keeps me coming back.The third floor is also a sick place to host a group event, if you're in to that kind of thing. Oh, and in the summer the roof deck is a chill spot to kick it.
1	Service was really bad.  Completely under staffed. Out of pulled pork. What type of BBQ joint sells out of pulled pork?  And the food we did have was cold. Won't be going back.
2	When I have been here, I was not very impressed.   The meat lacked good color and texture.  I found the sauces were designed to mask the flaws of the meat.  I might be being too harsh but as someone who loves BBQ this is not a place I would recommend.
4	Great brisket sandwiches.  Great beer and whiskey selection.
3	This place is like ---this close--- to being awesome. I can't say anything bad about the food----but it fell short in most other areas. We went there because it was voted "best rooftop patio"...but the roof was closed for a private event. Obviously a bummer. They offered us a spot on the back patio, which was a beautiful space----but we were seated under some type of giant ventilation fan that I'm pretty sure was pumping out greasy kitchen air. Pretty unappetizing. Fortunately the entire patio was open (so not sure why we were given that seat) so we moved ourselves to something more scenic. Looking around it was obvious that the patio needed a good 30 minutes of cleaning and tidying up-----many of the tables looked dusty.....cobwebs between the railings. Its unfortunate because like I said...it's a beautiful space. There's also a nice area for playing bags---but their bag set was really sad (some saggy plastic thing sponsored by miller, sigh). It would take very little effort to make the atmosphere back there go from a 3 to a 5. The service was also kind of disappointing. Our server failed to bring plates, silverware or napkins with our appetizer until asked, and then delivered our main dish (which were sharing) and didn't return with new plates until we had already split it up on our appetizer plates. Overall I'm not in a hurry to go back----but the Brickhouse Mac N Cheese was probably good enough for me to return eventually.
3	The food? Not so good. I've been there 4 or 5 times for dinner, and every time the barbecue has been underwhelming, at best. On the flip-side, they've got pretty good side dishes--the spicy green beans are always winners.A little hint for Brickhouse: You need to mix the sauce in with your meat. The pulled pork is awfully dry without it--let it stew in that stuff...or at least its own juices! Sheesh.Now, the great: Awesome beer selection. Whoever's choosing taps really knows their stuff--5 stars on tap quality, but food ain't so good, so we round 'em out at 3.
3	Been here a couple times, and the one thing I can say is that it's consistently inconsistent.  Had rented a room here one time and the food and service were awesome, room was great and we've always talked about doing it again.This evening though, not so much.  Beer and bourbon list is great, no doubt about that. Food was ok.  One of my biggest issues when going out to dinner is when my food comes out within 10 minutes of ordering.  I'm there to hang out a bit, have a drink, not to start eating after my first sip.  BBQ is cooked ahead, I get that as well.  If you are going to bring it out that quick, at least make sure it's hot!All that aside, the food was good.  Had the brisket and pulled pork, green beans and sweet potato salad.  Pork/brisket were great and the sauces were awesome. Carolina sauce is something I'd love for home and the mustard is great as well.  Would get the beans again...and again..and you get it.  We will definitely go again, not doubt about it.  May just try something they cook to order.
5	Was there this past weekend and had a GREAT time!!  Staff was fantastic, food was good, and the brews were very,very good. Our son is a student at the UW and I plan to spend time at this place whenever we visit. Loved our time there.
4	First time there and it was well worth the trip. The brisket and Mac and cheese was great. Ordered the Hawaiian pork was not what I had expected. It was a little to spicy for my liking. Overall great BBQ spot in Madison and the pour on the bourbon was very generous. Definitely got three fingers worth. Will be back soon.
5	Service was fine. My catfish sandwich was fine, I sure didn't taste anything spicy on it. The beer selection was well above average. The highlight for me was the chili. Very hearty and very meaty...real chunks of beef. None of that ground beef gunk.
3	Great food and atmosphere. Except the macaroni and cheese was a little cold. The hostess was not at the stand for a noticeable time and had us waiting.
4	I like this place. The brick house burger is really good, the service is good as well. I like  its corn bread very much although it's just a side dish
3	There really wasn't anything bad about Brickhouse - it was just okay. I wasn't very hungry when I got there, so that may have contributed to my lack of "wooooo this is great!" feelings.I will say, though, the service was quick, attentive, and accurate (we had a group of 8), and the classic burger was pretty good. The fries that came with it were especially tasty - really nicely seasoned with some interesting flavors in there.Even with the lack of high points, I'll probably try Brickhouse again; this time when I'm hungrier.
4	Great beer selection- tons of craft stuff on tap. Good is solid, waitstaff is decent. Check it out
2	The chicken wings were just blah. I got the original bbq and I swear there wasn't even any sauce on them. Dry. My fries tasted like the sweet potato fries they were probably cooked right next to. All that and delivery takes over an hour and they 4$. Not really worth it; maybe the restaurant experience is better.
4	I've both dined in and ordered online from Brickhouse. If you do go there to eat, sitting out back once it's warm out was awesome (even if maybe our service was a bit slower). The food and the BBQ specifically is good; certain plates on our table were better than others and I like the option of having 2 kinds of BBQ (2 meats) for a reasonable price so that you can try a few things. Our group did a lot of strategically different ordering and sharing of both meats & sides with this option. The pulled pork was great for sure. Ordering online was not nearly the same experience so if you must crave BBQ from your couch, go for it, but it's not nearly as fun as actually going to Brickhouse and smelling the deliciousness from the kitchen itself.
5	Their ribs are tender, fall-off-the-bone deliciousness. They have three good house sauces from which to choose. I just wish that they had a spicy sauce as an option. The best Bloody Mary that I've had in years. Fun and relaxed environment. I'm sure that I'll come back for more. I highly recommend this place.
4	Have I had better bbq. Yes. Brisket improves much with the sauce selection. But everyone who works here is super nice and helpful. I am currently staring at a wall of 40 drafts all styles of which less than a handful are "volume" non craft beers. I myself see at least 10 that are very very good. This place is Comfortable and well stocked.
3	Nothing to write home about, but still the nicest place for a student to take their parents if they live in the high-rises across the street and don't want to walk more than 2 minutes in 15 degree weather.The menu features classic BBQ choices such as pulled pork, brisket, ribs, and burgers. They recently added to their menu so those seasoned patrons can mix it up a little.  Portions are good and while prices are a little high, everything seems to be cooked fresh.Try the mac and cheese as a side, especially delicious and one of the best mac's I've ever had. Also they have 40 beers on tap and a whole menu page dedicated to brandy, whiskey, and bourbon.As for the service: it sucks. Plain and simple. They quote wait times for tables at 20 minutes than end up being closer to 45. Once you are seated it takes another 10 minutes to place a drink order, and food sometimes takes upwards of 45 minutes from order until it's at your table. If it's a weekend and you have plans even 3 hours from when you get there to eat plan to get to your destination quickly, as you're going to cut it close.
3	Not a bad place, but not a great place. Got an order to go, but they were out of the ham and forgot the potato salad. We ended up with pulled pork and smoked turkey. Meat was okay, and I was not impressed with the BBQ sauce. I would try another place rather than eat there again.
2	WORST PULLED PORK, EVER!!  Didn't touch it...complained to manager...still for charged.Decent collards, however.
4	Great flavors. Great portions. Great prices. All the BBQ sauces are great. Great beer selection too. Obviously thought this place was great.
5	How have I not reviewed Brickhouse? I come here so often, it's kind of ridiculous! Mostly because it's close to my house, but also because it's so delicious.I've had a variety of items here: burgers, quesadillas, mac and cheese, cornbread (and cornbread alone), and lots and lots of beer. I've been here for: date night, meetings, pre-interview mixers, drinks, etc. And every time I've had a great experience. This place is underrated for casual drinks. Boyfriend and I come here often on the weekdays to grab a beer or two and maybe even an app to share. Beware--kitchen closes at 10, so make sure you get here before then.The vibe at Brickhouse is awesome. Three floors and an outdoor patio. OBSESSED with the patio! It's the perfect place to sit out in the summertime, both during the day and at night. They have wood chairs and tables with umbrellas and string lights surrounding the patio. It's intimate and fun to come here at night. I've also come here in a big group once or twice (once during a basketball game!) and the waitresses have been very accommodating to us. Sure, service was a little slow during that basketball game, but it wasn't anything worth noting. Regarding food: Always hot and fresh. GET THE CORNBREAD. It is SO good (and I'm usually a cornbread hater). I also love any of their mac and cheeses, they are seriously divine. The best mac and cheese in Madison.Regarding beer selection: vast! Their taps rotate regularly, so I am always very satisfied with their selection. Boyfriend liked their Old Fashioned, but said it was not the best he has had. They did muddle it correctly, so he was happy.Great place for beers and dinner with friends. Try it!
5	Brickhouse Barbeque is one of my favorite restaurants to go to in Madison.  I always start out with their nachos topped with tender beef brisket, they are to die for.  I also always get their turkey blt, the avocado and roasted tomatoes really take a basic sandwich and make it fabulous. You are always greeted by a friendly staff and a warm environment.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
2	Waited 43 minutes for food. Was not busy when we walked in. No apologies. Others were served ahead of us. Many choices nearby. Choose wisely.
4	I first ate at Brickhouse at least a year ago or more when there was a Groupon special.  At the time, I didn't think it was much to write home about - another bbq place in Madison, whoo.  My reaction changed going there a second time this past weekend.  It was packed on a Friday night, and the food was pretty spectacular. I ordered the two meat combo. The ribs are delicious, the brisket was only so-so. The sides were delicious - the spicy green beans, the corn bread, and the yukon potato salad was really, really good.  My husband ordered the bbq spaghetti, which by the way was huge, and i really enjoyed his dish as well.  it had a spicy and tart kick to it, with fresh tomatoes, and a hint of bbq and lots of meat sprinkled over it (see my photos). We will be coming back to try the other main and side dishes.  The cheese curds were also really tasty.  There are three types of sauces on each table, two of which are bbq and the third which seemed like a really sweet and vinegary mustard.
4	This place in my opinion makes one of the top 3 burgers in Madison.  Cooked over a flame the Bacon Bourbon Burger with some sort of aoli on it is money.  However I have been moderately happy or disappointed every time I have ate the ribs (were smoked days prior), brisket or pulled pork.  If you stick to the burgers this place is awesome!
5	New favorite place in Madison! The must-try Sunday $5 "Bloody Mary & Cow" was perfect for a Sunday Afternoon.... A delicious & unique spin on a classic! The Hawaiian Pork was seriously amazing, as was the mashed sweet potato casserole (just make sure they still have some!) The bartenders are super friendly & take good care of their customers. I highly recommend a visit!
2	Stopped by because of Madison Mag review. Bartender was very friendly and helpful. Place was fairly busy and everyone seemed friendly. Unfortunately the food was a disappointment. Ribs were tough, brisket dry and tasteless. Mac and cheese was closer to Mac, little cheese. Slaw was good, I would recommend it. I would come here to drink, love the atmosphere. Forgot to mention, the duck legs were very good.
3	It's...ok at best. Maybe I've been ruined by having barbecue in real barbecue cities like Memphis and St. Louis. But just because this is Madison doesn't mean you can't make good barbecue here too. Brickhouse doesn't quite get there for me. Think of it as a place with good beer selection and halfway decent beer BBQ, and you're less likely to be disappointed. But this is far from a transcendental BBQ experience.
5	One of my new favorite places to eat in Madison! The pulled pork was the best I've had in two years! They have an outdoor patio on the second floor for the warmer nights with great atmosphere in the restaurant. I'd recommended this to anyone looking for great food and an even better time.
2	Not too impressed. When I called to ask for the nearest parking garage the hostess didn't know and directed me to one almost a mile away when there was one around the corner. Second, the waitress did not know how much a salad was with my entree. She guessed. I ended up ordering the salad and I got my meal before my salad. When I asked to have it before she replied "we are really busy and couldn't get the salads before the meal". Ugh! The food was just OK. Setting and cleanliness was good but overall not impressed!
5	I can't give a rave review with the limited amount of info that we have, but, so far, this place is pretty much batting 1000 for us. Consequently, I won't take off any stars either.   Happened to feel the urge as we drove past at about 4 PM, so we stopped in.  No problems parking out front at that hour.  Place was almost empty, which suited us just fine.Then I discovered that they have about 30 different beers on tap.  If you can't find something on their list, you probably don't like beer very much.Tried the appetizer sampler, with ribs, duck drumsticks, Buffalo Wings, and onion rings.  Everything on that sampler was quite good to better than that.  They seem to know how to do bbq ribs  per wife, who is our expert.  Their selection of sauces is also just about  right, hitting the vinegar based, brown sugar based, and more spicy  types very nicely.This joint is definitely good enough for a retest when we have the chance.
2	We were here when they first opened and again recently.  Meh, is all I can say.  They seem to have a problem serving items at a good temperature for the food.  The beer was barely cold, and the food was barely warm.    The mac n cheese was good, but would have been better served hot.  The Turkey BLT was actually good, but the brisket was just okay and again, barely warm.  I ordered an unsweetened iced tea, which I do often at restaurants.  It really tasted bad.  I mentioned it to our server and she said she would tell the bartender about it.  Unfortunately, she did not remove it from the bill.   We didn't make a stink about the $2.50, but if something as cheap as iced tea is returned, it should be removed from the bill.   She was not a bad server, but I didn't get the feeling from anyone in there that they wanted to "serve" people.  They were just there to do their job.  I do not recommend this place.   You can get better food and service elsewhere.
4	We are always in search of good quality "fall-off-the-bone" ribs. When searching yelp to help us locate a new place to try we found Brickhouse Barbeque. The pictures looked interesting and we decided to give it a shot. We were very pleased and have now been back several times. The ribs were tender, sauce was flavorful, the sides (garlic mashed potatoes) were very good, portion sizes were generous and the service was helpful and courteous. The decor is minimal, but appropriate for a near campus restaurant. We will definitely be back.
4	I think this is a fun restaurant! They've got a fabulous tap beer selection. I have dinned here a total of two times for dinner. I've liked the good each time. The first time I had their pulled pork on Texas toast with two sides. I choose Mac n cheese and cornbread, which was all good. Mathis most recent time I was here with a bachelorette party and I shared the pulled pork nachos that were made mainly with queso cheese and very tasty but some bites had more of a spice to them than others. They put a huge amount if sour cream right on top which I love with my nachos. I also had a cup of their chicken chili. I found it to be delicious! I only wish it was hotter when I was finally brought to our table.Service as a whole I would rate 2/5 stars. It was extremely slow.
5	We visited Brickhouse twice while in Madison on 7/11/14 and the following night.  The first day was late afternoon before the dinner rush so it was obviously a slow time.  Excellent meals both visits and sampled a variety of items.  Fantastic BBQ and I especially recommend the ribs.  Top notch beer selection also for the craft beer lovers out there.  Tons of food and you won't leave hungry that's for sure.One note about our second visit on Saturday night about 8:30.  We were in town for a high school world archery tournament and had a party of close to 30.  We originally wanted to hook-up at a different restaurant downtown but our first choice was a smaller place with limited seating, and we were looking at obviously a very long wait.  Because of our great experience the previous day, I placed a call to Brickhouse and explained the situation with our large group.  Expecting perhaps to be laughed at or a sarcastic comment about seating such a large group during a prime time, I was surprised how accommodating the staff was, especially when I explained that in no way were we looking to have everyone sit together.  They could break us up as necessary, whatever worked best for seating on their end.  The person on the phone (can't remember her name) said no problem come on over.We walked over and they ended up re-arranging tables on the 2nd floor to seat about 20 and the rest were split into two tables.  The point is, many places would make the customer realize what a pain the butt it is to make these type of accommodations, but the staff at Firehouse went above & beyond.  Thanks for making the visit so enjoyable both times, and I'll be sure to stop back the next time we're in town.
4	This was our second time visiting Brickhouse and had another great time. This is the kind of BBQ place that you add your own sauce. Spicy and/or Sweet as you like it. The sides were fresh and a good compliment to the meal. They have a HUGE selection of local microbrews on tap.  The waiters helped a lot here and brought us se samples to help us select.
2	Far too expensive for mediocre barbecue.I stopped by this place before the state basketball championships because a friend had a 2 for 1 coupon he and his brother were going to use. Talk about an unfunded mandate!My other friend and I had to pay full price, and this is one of the few times I have had this kind of sticker shock for a meal. We ordered a drink apiece, a meal, and water, and it came to about $40 per person. The barbecue itself was similar to Smoky Jon's (vinegar based) at about twice the price. Since I prefer molasses based barbecue or dry rub, I'll not be eating here again.The other strike against Brickhouse was that the service was terrible the time I went here. Our waitress was not very good, but I could tell she was par for the course in watching other tables and how they were served.If I want barbecue near downtown Madison, I'll go to Famous Dave's or Fat Jack's instead.
4	Great service and very good food.  The meat was very tender and the smash garlic potatoes were awesome!
2	Don't believe the menu when they say an item is Gluten Free (GF). I dined there last night with a friend who is gluten intolerant. She was careful to navigate the menu and order appropriately. Our waitress, who was very attentive and provided great service, informed us that "Because our sauces are homemade, they have some gluten in them, but you'd have to eat like literally half a bottle in order for it to bother you." What? I think someone (probably starting with the management) doesn't really understand gluten intolerance. My friend's order was the Brickhouse Brisket without the Texas toast, BBQ Pit Beans, and Yukon Potato Salad. All items are listed as Gluten Free on the menu. When the food arrived there was a noodle in the BBQ Pit Beans. My friend called this to the attention of the server who was delivering my cornbread at the time and to our waitress who was close by and had stepped over when she overheard my friend ask about whether the pasta in the chili was gluten-free or not. Both reassured us that the pasta in the beans was an error and our waitress even speculated that it may have 'accidentally' fell into the chili. They took the beans and replaced them with pasta-free beans.By the time we finished our meal my friend was starting to feel ill from the effects of digesting gluten. The rest of her night was quite unpleasant. It's hard to know which item contained gluten, or if multiple items did, but it's pretty clear something did.I'm very disappointed that Brickhouse Barbeque doesn't take their gluten-free menu seriously.
4	Everything I've tried here is really good. The ribs, mac and cheese and mashed potatoes are all excellent. I wasn't expecting great cheese curds from a BBQ joint but they were delicious (not overly battered, well flavored). Service has always been good and the waitstaff is really nice.
3	A group of friends dined here one evening as Brickhouse BBQ was a venue for "Paint Nite".  I was pleased with the large variety of beers to choose from. I choose a seasonal local beer, and I could have sworn I wasn't given the correct beer as it didn't taste like it.I ordered the Brisket sandwich. I liked that they had 3 different BBQ sauces to choose from on the table, you can choose which one you like best and use as much or as little sauce on your sandwich as you like. My sandwich was supposed to come with coleslaw on the sandwich which it didn't so the waitress had to get some from the kitchen. The meat on the sandwich was tender, but it was swimming in grease. The bottom of my bun was quickly soggy from all the grease.  The service overall was sub par (they were not busy either when we were dining)Overall it tasted OK. As far as dining here again? I could take it or leave it.
4	We didn't originally plan on eating here, but after the two places we originally planned on eating at in the Madison area were closed, We took a look on Yelp and this placed looked pretty promising. After driving around the area attempting to find parking, i FINALLY found parking a block or two west of the restaurant for like $1.50 which isn't bad.  Once we got to the restaurant it was pretty quiet the hostess asked if we wanted to sit on the 3rd floor patio, So we said sure since it was beautiful outside.  The 3rd floor patio is really THEE place to sit if you have the option to do so. The Server was a little off, not sure if she had a long day, or what but she could have been a bit nicer but everyone has their day. The menu is pretty good sized,  We decided to have the cheese curds to start the meal and the "bbq ranch" dip they have is GREAT. I use the words "bbq ranch" loosely as thats what they call it, but i don't know if i could find either flavor either way it is awesome. The Curds themselves were quite good as well. I decided to order the Pulled Pork with a side of the spicy green beans and Mac & Cheese, My fiance ordered the Brickhouse BBQ Mac & Cheese. a few minutes later our food came out, and i couldn't believe the portion my fiance got, 2 bones of Ribs, some Brisket, and some pulled pork AND the mac & Cheese also a piece of cornbread. She enjoyed everything except the cornbread as she is a fan of your traditional sweet  cornbread and their's is a little more on the savory side with a hint of peppers, Not bad just not my preference for cornbread either. My Pulled pork was very good, as was their house BBQ Sauce that i used. the real surprise for me was the spicy green beans, i really enjoyed them! the mac & cheese was good too.  Overall a good experience, wouldn't mind coming back if or when i am in the area.
1	Awful. Cold Mac n Cheese, undercooked green beans, over blackened catfish and brisket I had to put so much sauce on to make it taste good. In addition, the bartender didn't know how to make an old fashioned. C'mon...
2	It was mediocre at best. When I want barbecue, I want something that is super saucy and delicious with a kick to it. I ordered the Hawaiian Pork only to find that it was way too sweet for my taste. The sauce was barely there and Brickhouse doesn't seem to offer anything spicy to tone down the sugar. If I wanted that much sugar, I would have ordered ice cream! I realize it was supposed to be a little sweet, but good grief! My boyfriend ordered the chimichurri steak. He was surprised to see how small of a serving it was for the high cost of the dish. Plus, the meat was tough and hard to chew. It had good flavor, but was not worth the price. The green beans lacked any spice, whatsoever. We'd be up for trying some of the mac n' cheese next time to try other items on the menu. The servers were nice and they have other interesting items on the menu that we'd be willing to check out next time.
2	Hoooo, boy.  Where do I begin?  Let me start by saying that, while not native Southerners, the boyfriend and I spent the last several years living in Memphis, one of the BBQ capitals of the nation.  They take BBQ VERY seriously in Memphis, and it is everywhere.  After years of living around the corner from some of the best BBQ in town, we have been absolutely appalled at what passes for BBQ up here, and Brickhouse was Exhibit A.Let me set the stage -- it was a hot Sunday afternoon, around 2pm.  Not a busy time; in fact, the beautiful, multi-floor restaurant was practically deserted.  Lured by the promise of a rooftop patio, we schlepped up the stairs, only to discover that, oddly enough, there were no umbrellas.  Those few brave patrons up there were baking in the sun, and not wishing to freeze in the air conditioning inside, we joined them...after I ran back downstairs, and up again, for sunscreen and a hat from the car.Craving something cold and alcoholic at this point, but not being a beer drinker, I asked our waitress to tell me about the whopping 2 hard ciders on the menu (1 apple, 1 pear).  She mumbled something about not really knowing anything about them and settled for bringing me tasting portions from the bar.  Ok, fine.  I settled on the pear, and we ordered food.Our fried duck wings eventually came out, and they were a disappointment.  If I hadn't known they were duck, I never would have guessed, and the overly sweet sauce they were served with didn't add anything.  And then.  And then.  Halfway through our appetizer, the waitress appeared with our entrees.  My pet peeve.  Rather than send them back, and risk having them sit under a warming lamp in the kitchen, we made room on the table and dug in.  My pulled pork was not spectacular, and I didn't like any of the 3 sauces on the table -- all of them seemed to have a great deal of black pepper in them, and were somehow not quite an appealing consistency.  The boyfriend's ribs were a major disappointment, clearly having been braised or otherwise cooked without benefit of a smoker, which is the whole point of BBQ (he actually commented on entering the restaurant that he didn't smell their smoker, which is a bad sign -- no smoker means no true BBQ).  His green beans, described as spicy, were not at all, and the final straw for me was discovering that my mac 'n cheese was cold.  Cold enough that I suspected that it had been the first thing put on the plate waaaay downstairs in the kitchen, waited for the rest of my food, and, by the time it made it up several flights to me, had died a sad, quiet death.  When I pointed this out to the waitress she brought me a fresh portion (which was actually hot), but may I remind you that the restaurant was practically empty?  And who serves cold mac 'n cheese??At this point, having been roasting in the sun for an hour and been served a poor excuse for BBQ, we paid the $60 bill and left.  Asked on the way out how it was, I commented on the lack of umbrellas on the patio and was given a lame excuse about how they were replacing the worn-out ones.  Uh, could you keep the old ones til the new ones came?  So your patrons don't die out there?So if this is "the best BBQ in Madison," that is a very sad statement.  If you don't know what BBQ is, you might like Brickhouse, but please, stay away.  Far away.
3	This place is huge, which is good when you have a group of people and are looking for a table.  The portions are huge and the sauces are tasty.  I wish they had a little bit more char or texture, but why nit pick.
3	I might be a harsh critic because I'm from Texas.. The new was okay. I ordered brisket there, but it wasn't really brisket... It was chopped brisket..the taaste was okay, but one of the most important things in bbq is  the sauce.. And their sauce was very mediocre. If you're in Madison and craving bbq I would be okay with eating here, but it definitely does not compared to Texas bbq
3	I have yet to find a barbeque restaurant that I have been blown away by, and my search continues. I ordered the Dragon's Milk beer with the pulled pork with double side of sweet potato fries. My favorite part of my meal was probably stealing my boyfriend's side of spicy beans. The barbeque sauces provided were alright but forgettable, and the pork was moist. But as I said, the whole meal didn't impress me; it tasted like a meal I could buy at any restaurant that serves anything barbeque.The part of the meal that upset me the most was the sweet potato fries; sweet potatoes (more-so sweet potato fries) are one of my favorite foods in the world. I will always get it no matter where I am. However, the sweet potato fries here were slightly cold, stale, and mushy (and I never believed that combination could exist). Menu had a variety of items, and the beer menu was eclectic. The environment was friendly, open, and large, and the server was nice and attentive.Overall, the barbeque was delicious but forgettable. I would be willing to go again, but only after I forget the abominable sweet potato fries.
4	Pretty good BBQ but slow service. Maybe becauce it was Monday night? I don't know... I have to mention wide selection of beer and free wi-fi.
