3	this isn't necessarily the place you go for great sushi. especially becuase of its location on Mill with all the college crowds, its where you go to feel like you're enjoying the trendy sushi thing.on a monday its (during school times) its packed and loud inside, on weekends, it pack and really loud inside and out. the drink specials are ok. i wouldn't recommend it for a date unless your a college freshman and you want to be in your element. but its fun with a group of friends and youre feeling rowdy and want some sushi snacks.
3	Average sushi for the average joe.  Haven't had bad food here, it just doesn't strike me as particularly memorable.  I've liked the wasabi mashed potatoes and the tootsie roll.  It is a chain and feels and tastes as such.  Service is spotty at times, and there always seems to be a wait.  As the only sushi joint in the ASU area - I think it does well because of the monopoly.  I don't think it would do as well if there were other choices in the area.  Will go back if I'm in the area.  But with the Scottsdale sushi bars (Kyoto and Sakana in particular) just a few miles away - why bother?
1	Cream cheese in rolls. Loud, obnoxious music. You have to scream to talk. This is the epitome of trendy. Ra doesn't serve sushi. They serve pretentious hype. Give me authentic. Give me style. Give me an experience that doesn't make my ears ring. Simply, there are far superior places to go for sushi. Oh, but what if you don't go for the food? Are you going for the social scene? The drinks? To be with the in-crowd? Oh, then ignore my rating. I'm only concerned with the fish.
4	Yesterday after a annoying advising session at ASU I met a friend at RA for lunch. Sure Ra is a bit over rated, and I would have preferred to try another sushi joint, but they are consistent and on Mill. Stevey is right about the Monopoly. What I couldn't believe is how busy it was! School isn't in session, but Ra is still packed with college students and power lunches. My friend Jennifer and I had our normal cali, philly, and we tried the snow crab roll. YUCK! Snow crab was not good! We both like crab to if that answers your question. I think the main problem with the roll is that it wasn't really a roll. It was a long piece of crab meat tied to rice with seaweed. Where is the originality? Had they used more flavor and less crab it would have tasted a lot better. Service is what was to expected for how slammed they were. I look forward to discovering some new sushi places in Tempe come August!
4	I was a sushi virgin and based on the reviews this was probably the wrong place to pop my cherry.  But I did and it was simply alright.  I had the california rolls which were edible and I ate the entire thing.  I smothered them in soy sauce and focused on the rice.   The only problem was it was really dark and I thought the dollop of wasabi was a stray slice of avocado so my first bite was an entire mouthful of wasabi which made me nearly double over in mouth-searing agony.  I flailed frantically until I found my beer which I promptly inhaled as a means of quenching the tartar-esque inferno raging in my mouth. After I quenched it, I managed to choke down the rest of the rice, avocado and partially uncooked fish.  The sum of my experience is the unshakable notion that people don't really like sushi.  It's not as good as real fish and it's dangerous and more than a little creepy.  I think this is one of those foods you pretend to like in order to seem cool.  But, hey, I'm just a burger guy.The service was great, my waittress pleasant and the vibe pretty cool for a cheesey college scene.  Plus the Sunday happy hour is very reasonably priced.
4	Not Bad sushi...very cool decor, a little too air conditioned...Definately a young good looking college crowd...and then us late 20 and 30 somethings..A group of 12 of us went in tonight, a Tuesday, (we are all out of towners just here for work) and we got a table and served relatively quickly. We ordered the Tuna Tar Tar, Spicy Tuna Roll, Rainbow Roll and some Nigiri...all I like is the Maguro combo's and they were great, nothing special, but tasty. At the other end of the table they got these deep fried rolls with cream cheese and all that I don't consider real sushi, they were probably good but I didn't try them.The prices are ok, the 3 of us with all our sushi and $3.25 Miso soups and a few beers was only $77, maybe I'm just used to paying more in the San Fran area that I live... The best part was the T-shirts all the waitresses wear..they say"Will you still _____ me in the morning." ....I guess you fill in the blank.
4	I'm not a sushi snob - in fact, being a pretty strict vegetarian for the past four years, I'd never tried sushi except for the California and avocado rolls.  Real sushi is quite a different experience.  The ambience was pretty mod - I liked the colored glass ball lights hanging from the ceiling.  The waitstaff was friendly but (and?) I felt like I'd walked into a modeling agency by mistake.  We went to Ra on a Friday or Saturday night, on the earlier side, and there were less than half a dozen tables occupied.  We sat at the sushi bar and had the following:- yellowfin tuna-shrimp -California roll-New Zealand roll-sake SangriaOverall, it was a fun and tasty experience.  The sake Sangria went really well with the food.  The yellowfin tuna was okay, the shrimp was yummy, but the New Zealand rolls took the cake - smoked salmon and cream cheese (which I know makes sushi freaks cringe) on the inside, pine nuts, slices of fresh kiwi (!), and an eel-mango drizzle over the top.  WHOA!  Pretty cool.  I'm not saying it's authentic sushi (I honestly have no idea), but it sure was good (and fresh).I would go back but would check out other sushi places first.
3	Ok fine.  I'm gonna admit it.  I haven't eaten the sushi here.  Sure it looks decent, but looks can be deceiving and besides if I wanted Sushi in the area I'd go to Sushi 101 or drive to Tanked Fish.  The real gem here, is that if you order a Sake bomber, they give you a chilled pint glass, a vile (er.. vial) of warm, not overly impressive sake, a sake cup and a gigantic Japanese beer.  You can get about 4 shots out of a seven dollar drink which is probably the best deal going on Mill.  This was right after the U of A / ASU game so it was packed.  Some guys who worked sales for some company I've never heard of in Scottsdale were nice enough to let us share their table outside.  Mr. T, JC and myself stuck to Sake Bombers.  B is apparently too delicate a flower to wipe beer foam off her chin so she settled in with an Appletini which looked pretty and which she said was decent.  During the two rounds we spent here, some guy was acting the fool over by the Mission Palms hotel behind the joint and we were all treated to some splendid pepper spray aroma therapy courtesy of Tempe's Finest.  If you're looking to get swervy without spending it like a Sultan down on Mill, Ra's sake bombers will get you there and that alone is worth 3 stars.
3	I love meeting friends here. The atmosphere is fun and the sushi is pretty decent. Unfortunately I don't have too much sushi experience to compare it to and I'm sure it's not the best sushi place out there, but I have never been disappointed here.Mostly my friends and I go for happy hour. They have some great deals on basic sushi and appetizer choices, and can someone say sake bombers? So down some beer and sake, stuff yourself on sushi and just have fun.I also have been here a couple of times for lunch and I love the bento boxes. The spicy tuna bowl is pretty good too. Pair it with some green tea and it makes for a satisfyingly different lunch.
2	This place is overly trendy and the sushi isn't very good at all. Two stars for the sake bomber happy hour specials.
4	I spent my last birthday here, and I bring all out-of-town guests to a Ra to try it.  Their happy hour prices are amazing, especially for the sake bombs and the Tootsie Maki.  Mmm.  I think the service has always been good too, especially considering how busy they get.  This place is fun, and the trendy dcor is pretty classy.  Great for drinks, pigging out on sushi, dates, or family meals.  (I've seen kids at the other locations.)  And it's definitely a great place to celebrate your birthday!  I love to come here for long lunches as well.
4	Great Place!I'm from NY so I was skeptical about the sushi in AZ.  It was great...very great.  Yellowtail with ponzu sauce and chili or something like that was amazing.  Good sushi selection too, I recommend one of the Nigori's.Bartender was very friendly and helpful and made eating at the bare much more enjoyable.
2	I have been to several of the Ra sushi locations and just decided to review and pick on the one in Tempe. It has been a while since I have dined here so I am going from memory. Here is my general impression. This place is very very trendy. very trendy. I you want to go out and have some sake bombs before a night on mill this is a great place! you can people watch or mingle ect. I would not go here for food. I have been to the one on Ray Rd. twice and the one of Mill twice. I have only had decent food one time! Their beginner rolls are absolute crap, plus they are expensive!! I mean, you can probably get better from Frys! Two of the times I have become ill ( one of which was so bad that I had to take the next day off from work), and the other it was just bland. The Ray Rd. location wasn't as loud or crowded as the one in Tempe, so if I was forced to go again I would rather go to the Ahwatukee one. The one on Mill was ridiculous! Way too loud to converse with anyone. I avoid going here with a passion! I am looking for a good-great sushi joint here in the valley.
1	I absolutely could not say it better than Alicia B.  "I'm only concerned with the fish."  Check out her review for the most succinct bottom line on Ra.  I can't say it as well or in so few words - so I will just tell you what happened to me.Seriously - I went there for the sushi and trust me, I was alone in that endeavor.  Everyone else was there for the scene.  What has been said here is true.  It is loud music, loud people, over the top decor.We sat at the sushi counter, not because they were busy, but mostly because we couldn't get the host's attention.  The "chef" (and I use that term generously here) who was in front of us had completely no idea what he was doing.  Granted he said he was new there, but he took our order sheet and handed it off to the next guy because he said he couldn't handle it.  I can understand "I'm still learning the ropes." so I cut him some slack and tried to make conversation.  "So, do you like to make sushi at home."  "No, I've never made sushi before, but I like to eat it."  You do not get to stand in front of customers, profess you know nothing, and cut cream cheese for a 1/2 hour.  Yuck!We ordered: toro sashimi, hamachi sashimi, saba oshi sushi, uni sashimi, some crispy-spicy tuna thing, and some veggie tempura.  The saba oshi sushi completely threw them.  Why even have a special order line if you can only make the 7 or 8 standard items you have on the menu?  So the "experienced chef" to whom the menu was handed said, "you want saba sushi"?  I wanted to be clear so I said, "Mackerel OSHI sushi, you know, box pressed Mackerel."  I got the "Oh, ok" but I was skeptical.  Then he kept asking me crazy questions, "You want that with rice? Are you sure you just want Mackerel? No other fish with that?"  I offered to just let him give us Saba Nigiri, much simpler.  If you don't have the box or you can't do oshi sushi, no problem - I gave him every out.  We basically ended up with Saba Don - nothing like what I ordered and no willingness to admit none of them had any idea what they were doing.  And it was way sub par saba at that.So, they were out of the toro.  No apologies, just "We don't have that." We tried to order the scallop dish as a substitute, but that never came.  In the end, all the better I figure.The crispy-spicy tuna thing was almost ok.  Except the spicy was mostly jalapeno and just totally wrong for the dish and the crispy stuck to my teeth.The tempura was the only thing that was close to good.  It was too thickly battered though and didn't come close to tempura at its finest.The uni was gross.  I took one bite and left it there.  It was slimy and not fresh at all.  I didn't realize when I walked in, but I really shouldn't have ordered it.  This is not the place anyone who cares about fresh fish really eats.  The uni was never going to be a big seller or any good at a place like this.  This is where people go to drink silly fru fru drinks, eat exorbitant rolls that don't even resemble sushi, and to have their conversation drown out by loud music so they don't even have to think.OK on top of it being a horrible experience, the fish just sucked.  Really, terrible quality, terrible selection.  I came here on a recommendation, but can not believe I didn't check Yelp first.  Shame on me.  I will not be fooled again.
1	I have been here twice and not my choice.  I don't have any reason why this would be on my list of choices for sushi.  It's loud, obnoxious crowd, and way too expensive!
3	After stopping in at La Bocca and Z Tejas for a drink and appetizer, my husband, sister (who was in town for the weekend), and I decided to stop at Ra for a few sushi dishes and drinks. We sat at a high table in the bar area. Our server was friendly enough at first, although, as I'll explain below, she turned out to be really rude and unprofessional. The music was definitely loud, but I do think that the atmosphere here is great if you're in the mood to be out and about and around a lot of people. I wouldn't choose it for a romantic, conversation-focused outing, but it's not a bad place to take an out-of-town guest for a night out or to have an energetic night with friends. Since I was driving, I just had water. My husband and my sister ordered 2 of the specialty cocktails, which came quickly enough but were ridiculously sweet and weak. If you like drinks with some substance to them, I'd suggest ordered a regular mixed drink and not one of their specialty drinks, even if the cheesy names like "Effen It In the Raw" call out to you. For food, we ordered the lobster spring rolls, crispy spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail sashimi. The fish was definitely fresh, but the portions were ridiculously small. The lobster spring rolls were actually really good, and you get a decent amount of lobster meat for the price ($9.75). We were planning to go to Final Round (a bar in South Tempe that has karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays) after, so we were thinking about leaving after we finished our appetizers, but my sister was still hungry, so we asked our server if we could take another look at the menu. She brought us the menu, but we quickly realized that we were full, so we told her that we were ready for the check. She all of a sudden got an attitude and just snatched the menu and walked away. We were sitting in the bar area precisely because we weren't planning on ordering a lot, and we didn't appreciate her attitude. We paid and left, but my sister then realized that she might have left her debit card in the check presenter. When she went back to look, the hostess was really ditzy and rude about it and didn't even offer proactively to talk to our server about the card. My sister had to ask her if she could go find our server to help us. When my sister asked our server if she had seen it, she was really rude and snapped that she hadn't seen it. My sister asked nicely if the server could take a look in the check presenters, and instead of being helpful and kind in a situation that was obviously stressful, she stomped over, grabbed the check presenter with our check copy inside and shook it out, stating "See? It's not here!" I understand that a restaurant like Ra is busy on a Friday night, but that didn't excuse rude or snappy service with an attitude, especially when it came to something serious. Decent sushi and appetizers and fun atmosphere weigh in Ra's favor. Small portions, sickeningly sweet drinks, and full-of-it service send its rating right back down to 3 stars.
1	Good place to get drinks. But the sushi here is awful. Very skimpy cuts of fish and I find when I go to their flying fish sunday night the sushi tastes and smells fishy. (sushi should never smell) The service has been slow every time I've been there. If you want good sushi in Tempe go to Kabuki or Sushi Eye.
3	So I don't know squat about sushi or Japanese food. And from what I've heard, this probably isn't the best place to start with. But start with it I did. Went for lunch last week with some friends for their reasonably priced bento box lunch specials and I gotta admit, I kind of liked it.I played it safe and ordered the shrimp tempura, and it was good, but what I really liked was the teriyaki salmon, which I didn't order unfortunately, so I only got a couple of bites.
1	I was in Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale visiting college friends with the New Boy and celebrating the New Year holiday.On New Year day, we dragged ourselves out of bed around 2:00 or 3:00 and heading to Mill Ave because we were STARVING.Ra seemed like a good choice, so we struck in and found ourselves sitting on the back patio--the music inside was just WAY too loud. Our waitress made sake-bomb-action happen, which was a blessed relief. That was the best part of the experience.The sushi was *ok*, the service sucked, and the ambiance was weird. We waited for over 30 minutes for our bill...I was about to walk out without paying just because I was tired of the place.The overly-loud music varied between classic rock and dance music...they should have just left it on the dance music and left Cheap Trick and Foreigner at home.
1	Let me start with saying that the service was great (3pm on saturday, pretty empty), we were seated immediately and drinks were constantly refilled promptly. Unfortunately the rolls (Philadelphia, spicy tuna) and the salmon nigiri were horribly sub par. The salmon nigiri was a light pink color (it wasn't yellowfin) with almost no marbling and it was rather small for two pieces for 5 dollars. The rolls on the other hand were absolutely tiny! The amount of cream cheese in the phili roll was about twice the size of the salmon. The spicy tuna was tiny as well, both being poorly rolled as well with a ton of overlapping of the rice. All in all, bland and definitely overpriced. Also, for a heavy Asian ambiance, I did not like loud rock music.
4	Sushi? Where? Ra? NO! Ok this is not the place to get sushi. Ra has had a few problems in the past and has earned a bad rap. I never thought I would ever step foot inside until Khamis H. told me about the happy hour. Now I can't stay away! I don't know about you, but $5 sakebombs make me really happy. As in, one of those 22oz kirins and a carafe of sake. Cheap wells too. And discounted apps like pineapple cheese wontons. Sound gross, taste good. Yeah, there's the cheapo rolls too, but from what I've seen...pretty sad. Who doesn't put cream cheese in a veggie roll or even offer just a regular avocado roll? I'd recommend sticking to alchie here.Oh and do not go to the Old Town Scottsdale location because they don't "do" happy hour. P.S. the children working there need help doing their job so make sure you bully them just enough so they don't forget to put in your appetizer and you get it 40 minutes later. P.P.S. sit at the sushi bar because that's where the cool kids sit and you can snag an extra roll or two from the guy behind the counter and your server probably won't notice. Everybody's happy.
1	I've been to Ra a few times and the sushi is alright.  I usually go for the happy hour drinks because the specials are good. The last time I went though the service was HORRIBLE.  My cousin and I sat down and the server came up and asked for our drinks and food and when we told her we were not eating she told us the we were NOT ALLOWED to sit in the dining room so we ordered edemame.  She also kept coming up and asking if or other guests were coming or not because she wanted to take the menus. It was very wierd. Also the two times I have been there the place has smelled like mildew. I dont think I will go back.
1	If you are looking for a place that is like a club and restaurant at the same time, you got to come to RA Sushi. The restaurant is dark. The music is soooo loud, you cannot hear the person next to you. This place is another lame attempt of a trendy sushi restaurant. The selection of sushi is disgusting. I do not know how the came up with their menu. Maybe they drew ingredients out of a hat and decided to roll it up in rice and seaweed. The one thing I was looking forward to was the Cinnamon Tempura Ice Cream. This dessert was the biggest let down. The raspberry glaze they cover it with is the nastiest thing I have ever tasted. It was so bitter. It made the whole dessert inedible. I will never be back to this location or any of their other ones. I have no idea how they stay in business or open new locations.
2	So I've been back to Ra a few times now, and while the food is always acceptable, the service has gotten progressively worse each time. Today my co-worker and I actually waited an unbelievable 50 minutes for our food, which - if your waitress stops by, checks in with you, apologizes, lets you know she knows you've been waiting - wouldn't have been nearly so bad. Still extremely annoying, sure, but forgiveable. Not this waitress - we had to call her over for every thing we needed. Serioulsy, not once did she just stop by to check on us. We had to call her over to place our drink order, ask for sugar for our tea, to place our food order, to get the check, everything. So by the time the food came, I had to scarf down my grilled apple teriyaki salmon brick in 5 minutes to make it back to work on time. That's it, Ra - you've lost another customer.
1	This place equals mediocre sushi served by scantily clad waitresses abiding to terrible themed nights such as "Vegas night".In my opinion it's the hooters of sushi, but at least the Ra girls aren't usually missing teeth and/or pregnant.
2	Dear RaYour service completely sucks for lunch. If I go in when it is packed it takes me 1:20 + for lunch, if I go in when it is dead it takes me 1:20 + for lunch. The music is always blaring so loud I can barely hear my dining partners. This isn't a club, it is a restaurant at lunch time, set the vibe right... I really like the Salmon teriyaki bento box, but every time I order it the pot stickers are cold. Seriously EVERY TIME. Can you please make a few improvements? I want to go back, you have a decent happy hour but fail miserably for lunch.Sincerely,Sunny
3	It takes a great deal of perspective and mental channeling to give this place even a neutral review. However, I feel the positive deserves to be mixed in with the negative, because, overall, this place is decent during happy hour if you get past the club music, mediocre waitstaff, and often scantily clad clientele. It's even better when you're not planning on driving home.Their happy hour is one of the best deals there is for sushi. With $1 sake and 1/2 of many rolls, nigiri and appetizers, it's worth eating here from 4-7 or for a late night sushi fix during reverse happy hour. While the sushi can take a very long time, a $4 martini usually gives me enough patience for the wait. The sushi itself is palatable, which is why it's only really worth it to go during happy hour. I wouldn't feel right paying full price for that quality. As much as I try to block out the music and hormonal collegiate surroundings, it can be difficult. The music can be as distracting as the flaunted flesh everywhere. If reminding myself that cheap sushi and a good buzz is worth it doesn't work, I'll cut happy hour short and probably won't return for another few months. But for the purposes of this review, RA Sushi is enjoyable during the right time and with a flexible state of mind. Getting into that state of mind with a couple rounds of sake is my strategy.
3	Happy hour is the best way to go for RA. crazy good prices make you forget about all the other faults of this restaurant. the music is too loud, I am all for loud music but it becomes obnoxious. they have ok service, only have had a bad experience once but ive never been blown away by the service at RA. Seriously though, hit RA up for happy hour.
1	What a disappointment.  We had clients in town and had reserved a space on the patio.  We spoke with the manager 10 minutes before arriving and all was well.  When we arrived, no space was reserved and minimal effort was made to accommodate us.  We stood around the outside bar and waited for an eternity to be served by a bartender who seemed like he'd rather be doing anything else.  Plus, the patio is right next to the trash and grease trap -- nice smell.  The food's OK, the service is among the worst I have encountered.
4	Reading the reviews below. Maybe you need to go to this restaurant with loud babies like I did. The service was prompt and attentive. I think they were trying to get us out of the restaurant as quickly as possible. We ordered about 5 different things, teriyaki chicken, tuna roll, california roll, king crab roll, soft shell crab appetizer, all delicious. But one. The soft shell crab. It was obviously over cook. The waitress tried to say it wasn't over cooked that it was a black pepper they sprinkle on the crab. But we sent it back and it came out properly the second time. Really the servers look like there in college and just kind of huddle together waiting for the day to be over. It's a shame the service is so crappy. The food is very good.
2	Their happy hour does have some great deals but it's really because there really is nothing special about their sushi.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I would have been even more disappointed if I had paid regular price for some of these rolls.  I'm gonna give you the food highlight of the night and major food pitfall on the night.  Starting with the positive, they had a very good tempura fried ice cream (green tea I think) that was cut nicely into 4 equal sections for the table to share.  On the other end, we orderd a toro dish that was the worst toro I've had.  We got 5 pieces for like $20 and to top that, the one in the middle looks as it had been thawed and sitting out for about half a day.  It was completely dark colored and unappetizing compared to the rest of the pieces and none were particularly good to begin with.  Go elsewhere if you're in the area.
2	We went to RA last night, having been there before we knew what to expect, but this time, it was a lot worse. The service was terrible, and it wasn't that busy. The Happy hour, have good prices on it, but all of the appetizers are deep fried, and there aren't too many choices for sushi.
2	Some things never change.. unfortunately, RA on Mill Ave. is one of them. I went the other night for a Graphic Design networking event which involved drink tickets and my god, the bartenders could not have been more pissed that I ordered anything other than beer with them. If I would have known a Long Beach Ice Tea was such a pain in the ass I would have stuck with $1 Happy Hour Sake & Sopporo, but whatever. Sushi there is mediocre, I had a few different rolls, and nothing seemed very fresh. I cant say it was bad, but i've had much better in the valley. I think the appeal of this place is the happy hour specials they offer.. they do have good deals but overall I think RA cares more about image than good service & quality food.
4	I pretty much only come here as they are one of the few places in the valley with a Saturday daytime happy hour. I usually sit in the outside bar and Brandon is always our bartender and he is awesome, great service and a lot of fun to talk to, definitely treats you well if you do likewise. Food is "O.K" you get what you pay for, but it's a great place to go for a few early drinks and a late cheap lunch. You can leave glassy eyed and full for a few bucks.
5	On my recent journey back home to Arizona, I ventured to Ra, on busy Mill Avenue in the heart of Tempe. We arrived just after happy hour, missing the great deals on sushi and sake. The first round of drinks was a sake bomber, made with high-end sake and a cold Chinese beer, which really hit the spot on a dry, hot Phoenix afternoon.We sat  in the back patio, complete with a full bar, seating for diners and misters to fend off the brutal Arizona sun. We ordered a couple plates of sushi, which was flavorful and tasty.Although our bill was pretty high  - $100 - this place is worth a visit if you are in the land of the Arizona State Sundevil.
2	My friend and I hadn't had sushi in a while and we were on Mill, so why not go to Ra?  I think the question should have been, "Why go to Ra?"  First of all, I walk in and there's three 15 year old girls standing at the host stand busily texting on their phones.  They all look up, but only one of them stops texting.  She looked visibly upset that I had interrupted her conversation and doesn't even really greet me.  I then say "Table for two" and she says "Why don't you guys go sit over there, I'll get a waiter."  Not pointing in any general direction mind you.  Come to find out, it's the table right by the door (who wants to sit right by the door.... ever????) So we sit there and can't see anything cuz it's super dark and the lights are mind numbing red.  I struggle to read the menu while I realize how thirsty I'm getting.  So we sit there, and sit there.  15 mintues went by before Random Server Girl walked up and took our drink order.  I made sure to order our edimame before she walked away.  Never introduced herself the whole time.  She didnt' have time to bring our drinks until the appitizer came (10 mins later) but she had plenty of time to go and chit chat with the 15 year olds at the host stand.  Grr!Our drinks come and app come, she takes our food order.  I am a notorious soda chugger.  At least the first one, but we never see her again until our food comes.  She gets me a refill after I've drunk all the spit in my mouth from the salty edimame. Grr  Finally food and driks are there and I'm happy but careful not to finish my soda.  We never see her again and then she brings the check.  I actually was gonna order some sake for after my dinner but since she decided that we were done, I guess we were done.  Grr.  I paid andstill tipped her more than she deserved.  Moral of the story:  Service at Ra is terrible and the servers are magical, they just disappear right before your eyes!
2	This was my first attempt at a Sushi restaraunt.  I have been to plenty of places that serve sushi, but not as their specialty.  Ra was really not much better, and the service was...OK.  There seemed to be plenty of people in there having a good time, and I did enjoy the food, but would rather go somewhere I could hold a conversation if I am going to spend $40 on a couple meals.
5	Wow,what a fun place for great deals on Happy Hour food and drinks The bartender Andrew is top notch, never missing a beat in seeing our drinks refilled and questions answered. We are newbies with sushi and it showed. He was patient and helpful yet still tending to a slammed restaurant and full bar. The Tempura Shrimp was tender and delicious. Our California Roll was great and the edamame was tasty. We love the music pounding, hearing a lot of our recent and older faves. The patrons all looked happy and relaxed. Could have been all the Sake bombers goin' around! All in all, we'll be back! Our tab was so cheap we can go twice a week!
2	This was my first experience at this particular Ra. I left the restaurant thinking about how horrible the service was, but giving it the usual "but maybe it was just a bad night there". But, from reading the other reviews, I'd have to say it's a bad night there every night. We went on a Friday night at 6pm, so I expected it to be busy... but it actually wasn't too bad. There were about 5 empty tables indoors, and we sat at one of the 3 empty tables on the back patio. It took the server about 15 minutes to acknowledge our existence, and only after we went to the bartender to ask for drinks. I have to give the guy credit though, he was pleasant the whole time. As we were getting to the end of our meal, the patio was getting more and more crowded, which means that there were more and more people standing (very close to our table, which makes me a little uncomfortable). We had saki bombers, edemame, shrimp tempura, and california rolls. The edemame was good- my first attempt at this appetizer. California rolls, which are usually my favorite, were rolled very loosely which made each one fall apart when picked up with the chop sticks. Bummer.
3	This place is hit or miss for me.  Good location, great looking women working there but food is never outstanding.  But if you want to have fun and be seen then this a place to go.
3	We have a Ra in San Diego, but the mediocre reviews never compelled me to risk it when I have my trusty old sushi standy-bys. But on a recent visit to Phoenix, my host suggested his local Ra.  I had just driven 6 hours, hadn't eaten in 10 and was so hungry I probably would have agreed to going to Petsmart and eating goldfish out of the tanks.  So, needless to say, I didn't argue. The place was nearly empty and we were seated on the back patio. We had no problems with service - our waitress was attentive and friendly. The Happy Hour deals were good, especially for drinks. We ordered a couple of appetizers and rolls.  While I am fairly picky about my sushi preferences, I'm not a sushi purist, but if you are, this isn't the place for you. Nothing tasted bad and the fish seemed as fresh as you could expect for the price point, but they have a lot of non-traditional (read: dumbed-down for the general public) dishes.  The pineapple-cheese wonton appetizer was much more boring than it sounded like it was going to be. The sweet onion salmon sashimi would make a sushi traditionalist have a seizure, but I enjoyed the preparation of sweet onion dressing and micro greens over the fish. The crispy spicy tuna roll was also "different" - tempura-battered rice blocks with a mound of spicy tuna on top .Our rolls were well-rolled, had a good amount of spice and overall were nothing to complain about, but the fact remains, this is a chain basically meant to be Sushi for Dummies. If you're starving and like your sushi basic, you can get by here. If you want the real deal, go elsewhere.
1	WHY THE HELL DOES THIS PLACE ALWAYS SMELL LIKE A DIRTY WET RAG!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!and the service SUXX.
3	Aha so its a chain....took me a while to find the one I ate at.   Little Sissa introduced me to this popotrendy sushi place that plays the great hits of U2 and other rock bands overhead in a dimly lit setting, which I suppose enhances the sensual consumption of weak Saki sangria and standard sushi selections.   Pretty great deal for the price: only 30$ for two.  After a modest meal of salty rice covered thingies (I have no idea what I'm eating at these places) I was shamed to order the Cinnamon fried ice cream ball which was big enough to feed a family of 3 alone.  Isn't that a Mexican dish?  I'm confused.  Crowded and I'm sure fantastic for the college crowd.
1	I didn't know Ra was homophobic. After the ball dropped on new years a gay couple was escorted out after making out in a bar full of people making out. The female bartender who escorted them away said they were too drunk in a room full of drunk people.
4	This is the only sushi place in TEMPE that has been willing to accomodate a glutn free diet. I order rainbow rolls, no rice, no mayo. Perfectly done everytime, no questions asked! Love this place!
4	I see a lot of mixed and not-so-hot reviews on this board but I gotta say I haven't had a questionable experience here yet, and I've been here at least five times. I personally have always had quick seating, fresh fish, fast service, and attentive servers. It's never smelled funny whenever I have eaten here and I would recommend this place for both bar and table seating (you know how you get screwed when you order sushi at the table at almost any other Japanese restaurant). Has never happened to me! Just luckie, I guess.
3	The hostesses are rude and consistently provide miserable service.  Their wait staff isn't much better, but after dealing with the hostesses your service expectations are pretty low.  Their food is usually pretty good and it seems like a good place for novice sushi-goers to ease in to the world of raw fish.  My least favorite thing on the menu is the Crispy Spicy Tuna.  Only had this once, but it was pretty much a rock hard ball of fried rice with spicy tuna piled on top.  Pretty odd and not so tasty.  With that said, their other specialty rolls are delicious.  Bottom line: Their convenient location and happy hour menu keeps me coming back, but I would love to see the management improve their service standards.
3	For the most part, RA is not my scene. It was so loud I couldn't hear my dinner companions, everything was way over priced (more than $3 for a small bowl of miso? Seriously?), and the college kids banging the tables with their sake bombs were incredibly annoying.That said, the food WAS good.  My dinner mates loved the variety of fish sushi they got, and I myself was really impressed with the yellow monkey roll. Why? Not many sushi places have fun or fancy rolls that are vegetarian; I usually get stuck with cucumber or avocado rolls, or veggie if I'm lucky.  However, this roll with the mango on top and wasabi sauce was absolutely to die for.I wish they'd have more vegetarian rolls, because that might tempt me to come back and brave the ridiculous atmosphere.  Otherwise, I'm not 100% sure it is worth it.  But god, that yellow monkey roll was good. It just might be worth it.
3	I thought I'd reviewed this place before. Guess not. First of all, Ra is loud as hell. If you want to go somewhere for a quiet, relaxing lunch or dinner, this is not the place. You will find yourself speaking loudly over the live music (which on Monday nights is very good by the way) or music they play over the system. Second of all, I would only ever come here during Happy Hour. Partially because I'm not really a fan of sushi, and secondly because I don't like to pay a lot for things I'm not really a fan of. Tonight I spent $10 on chicken teriyaki, a california roll, and a tsunami punch. Great. It was good and I couldn't complain. I am by no means a sushi expert, but a few of my friends that have tried a few different places seem to like it here. The drinks are bomb. On my first visit I had the mango margarita. Tonight I had the baby tsunami punch and a taste of my friend's sake sangria. I can't vouch for how much alcohol is in them because they are so tasty, but for $4 I can't complain.
5	Went here whilst on vacation for some good ol Angel's spring training.  We went here with a hankering for some good sushi.  Our sushi chef, um, I don't remember his name, was awesome.  Instead of ordering off some menu, we had him serve his specialties.  I didn't ask what they were or what was in them, but they were great, from what I remember.  I am going to have to defer all other questions to Ash who went with me, she can answer better than I can.  The service was good, my hunny's Kirin and my Asahi's were cold and the lily sake or something like that, does the trick.  Boy oh boy does it.  One bad thing, the sushi chefs aren't allowed to drink with you.  Ni modos, it was still a great time.  I enjoyed it very mucho.
3	was here in the middle of March '10. moderate prices for moderate sushi. i've been to the one in Scottsdale a couple years back. that one had really good sushi and a lively ambiance. probably better off heading up to that one instead.
5	I have eaten here countless times over the years and somehow this is my first review.  So many reviews and so little time I guess.  Anyway, I can't understand why this particular location has more than a few crappy reviews.  Ra as a chain provides some of the better sushi around and this location is no different.  At some other sushi places you never really know what you are going to get.  This sometimes can be a good thing, but if you want consistently good/fresh tasting sushi at a reasonable price, then Ra is your place.I honestly have no complaints about Ra's Mill location.  I always get great service and great sushi.  I do agree with a lot of the reviews on here that the music is too loud though.  I really hate having to yell to my table-mates and struggle to hear what they are saying.  I dunno...maybe I'm just getting old.  The decor/bathrooms have pretty much remained unchanged for years and years and could use an update as well.  That's pretty much it for my complaints.I went here last night at about 8:30ish with a party of 6.  It took a while to get seated but it wasn't too bad.  The place does tend to get crowded so be prepared.  Our waitress was excellent and was quick to refill my diet coke.  We ordered several rolls and some other stuff that I can't remember but it was all fresh and excellent as always.We spoke to the new general manager (Blake) and he is awesome.  It was nice that he came to our table to make sure everything was ok and offered some excellent recommendations.  He also talked about how he is trying to turn the place around and has replaced some staff and is expecting a total remodel this summer which should be interesting.Anyway, with or without the changes I will continue to dine here often.
4	I would have named it sushihana but I guess that is why I am not in marketing.I have been here many times and treated well, Friday night was no exception . When we had arrived it was crowded but the MOD Blake was able to accommodate our group and ensured our first round of drinks made it out in short order.Their happy hour is pretty good, in addition to many rolls on special they have a few other great items like a seaweed salad. The texture of this salad is quite unique, it is flavored with a sesame ginger dressing.I was also surprised at the speed that the sushi came considering how busy it was.They also have many drinks specials including sake bombers for the guys and a Tsunami bowl for the girls.Overall good deals and great staff like Blake make it one of my favorites on mill to eat or drink at.
1	I have been here 3 different times twice earlier in the day during happy hour and once later in the evening. Every single time I've gone the service has been awful. It takes them forever to get your drinks, orders, etc. and whenever i have gone i have had unfriendly and uncaring servers. I have also encountered the portions of food being noticeably smaller than the other restaurants. I remember ordering the tempura ice cream and was amazed at how small the servings were. I am use to those suckers being quite a decent size and I have had it enough times to notice that food portion is smaller than usual.This is by far the worst RA I've been to and I do agree it does reek like wet rag. I'd recommend the RA in Ahwatukee or on Val Vista and the 60.
1	What?  LOL, this place is HELL.  Back in my hometown of Chicago, this is where all the My-New-Haircut-Guys would gather to act like they had culture because they were slamming Sake-Bombs and butting chests together.I had a taste for sushi, it was on my way... I peeked inside and thought to myself, "This can't be as bad as it looks."  Oh, yeah it can.  Note to the owners:  no, you cannot have BOTH a hip little sushi restaurant AND a sports bar.  It's loud, it's crowded, I had vegetable maki and it STILL smelled like old fish.  It's cheap, I'll give them that.  But if I had to deal with this place again, a chop stick would end up going through a baseball cap and into a skull.
3	Went here for drinks last night and was definitely the oldest in the place - lots of college kids hanging out doing sake bombs!  The music was clubby and the atmosphere was cool.  Maybe I'll try again after school has let out.
1	I think Ra is great if you want to go to a tready place and have fruity overpriced drinks and sushi. The food isn't bad and neither is the service but it's not worth what you pay for it. Not to mention the last two times I went to Ra I've had issues with paying. The first time was at the Val Vista location, I paid with a card but left a cash tip but when I got home and checked my bank account the waitress had decided to add her own tip to my card. I left her a 20% tip so it wasn't like I had shorted her. I called them and they refunded my money but never apologized and the girl still works there. The second time was the Mill location, they ran my card through twice and didn't tell me so suddenly I check my account and I'm missing over 100 dollars. Again, they refund my money but don't apologize. I have had good experiences there but this lastest thing with them overcharging me has put me off quite a bit.
3	RA Sushi -- well it is what it is.  I think this location is the best out of all the RA Sushi around the valley.  It's spacious and has a nice patio.  Again, I'm not a big fan of their Sushi, but their happy hour is decent.  I really like their bar setup...you can actually watch the game anywhere to sit! :)
2	I really recommend only coming here during happy hour.  That way you can eat enough to be full without going broke.  My favorites are the Mango Lobster Roll served with kiwi wasabi sauce ($9) and the Viva Las Vegas Roll ($12 or $6hh).  The service is pretty bad. I've had a couple bad experiences.The ambiance in general is sometimes pretty off too. Once when we went the restaurant was unusually warm and the air felt really stuffy and smelled kinda like a burp.  I have no idea what was going on but it almost made me sick. Very gross. Several other times the music is just too loud. I understand Thurs-Sat its more of a bar at night but when I go in on a Tuesday at 6:00pm its a little ridiculous that the hostess and I are screaming at each other yet still can't hear. She even acknowledged that the music was deafening but just kinda shrugged her shoulders about it.Overall this is a place I do return to every now and then even though I don't know why. The food is pretty good just don't expect anything service wise and maybe you'll be pleasantly surprised.
4	I'm sorry, but I can't understand why everyone is so hard on this place. It is a bit pricey, but the sushi here is actually of really good quality (you think it's bad, try some of the stuff here in London ...THAT'S bad!)This place holds a special place in my heart as the first restaurant I visited in Arizona, and was really quite impressed with the decor and the lunchtime menu. I had the unagi bowl (teriyaki eel over rice) and OMG, loved it. Obviously, I'd watch it if it wasn't lunchtime/happy hour as the bill adds up QUICK but it's a good place when you're craving sushi!
4	I must have a been here at least a hundred times that I remember and hundred more that I have completely lost due to alcohol induced amnesia. But every time I went the service was great and the food was good. Yes it's your basic Japanese cuisine but one thing that always brings me back is the Crazy Monkey. Try it you won't be disappointed.
1	Ra is the worst place to go for sushi.
1	Too bad there is not an option for NO stars...Meeting clients for lunch, my associate and I were seated in the back, on the left in one of the middle booths. First red flag should have been that the back of the booth upholstered back and seat cushion had at least a 1" gap, exposing the wood frame its built on. We both sit down on one side, facing the back door. Waitress and trainee were very nice and got us water. After sitting for about 5 minutes, something catches my eye, I look down and in my lap is a COCKROACH!!!! I kid you not! I hit it out of my lap onto floor, and managed not to scream which is a miracle. I immediately got up and told my associate and waitress, quietly. Had to stay because we were meeting clients, moved to front table to white knuckle it through this meeting! I will never, ever go back.
2	sushi is kinda like sex. or chocolate.there are varying levels of quality,but can it really be bad?I think RA is def. mehit's a little spendyit's usually pretty crowded w/ a lame coterie of student/yuppie/douche hybrids.it's sushi is goodbut like i said, kinda hard to mess up......well....that's probably not true. I am sure if i tried to make sushi i could fuck it up royallybottom line: there are better places, and there are worse. if you like the mill ave crowd then please c'mon down and make it rain!
1	I was visiting AZ from California yesterday and a colleague recommended this sushi place.  It was terrible.  The service was slow. I even told our waiter we were in a hurry and we still waited 40 minutes for one of the rolls only to find out the chef dropped the roll and had to remake it.  Would not recommend.
1	Horrible experience yesterday.  One of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant.  In fact leaving this review is what urged me to finally sign up on Yelp.  I work on Mill.  I went there with 7 friends from work Friday for lunch.  The place was only 1/3 full. So really not that busy. We were seated quickly, but then the following series of events occurred: - 10 minutes later our waitress took our drink order-  15 minutes later food order - 40 minutes into our experience 2 of us got our food-  10 minutes later 3 more of us got our food - 10 min later,  the waitress came over and asked us if we're missing anything. YES! 2 of us still don't have food and we've been here for an hour.  The waitress asked "do you want me to go check on that?".  Come on! Right?  No, we'll just hang out for another hour and see what happens ; )- 5 minutes later, she brings one of my friend's dishes over, he asks that it be put in a box as we have to get back to work now.- 15 minutes later his boxed up food isn't there yet. We have to ask. 5 more minutes it comes and it's a chicken bowl, he ordered beef. HA!- My other friend who still never got his food cancels his order- We get our check and it was incorrect. We had free appetizer coupons. And the 2 free appetizers were not free on our checks. Waited for that to be corrected tooIt was absolutely ridiculous. Thank goodness I was there with friends. We were laughing at the situation the whole time. If I was there by myself, I probably would have shot myself in the face.
1	We decided to branch out of our South Mill lunch routine and hit up RA for specifically for their lunch specials and previous speedy service...and walked into one of the most baffling service experiences ever.Some of us ordered sushi - which came out quite fast, others ordered other lunch specials that took anywhere between 30 - 50 minutes to come out - if at all.  When 80 percent of our group had their food (40 minutes into our trip), the server asked "Are you missing anything?" looking at the two gentlemen who did not receive their food yet and she asked "What did you order again?" when they told her she replied with "Would you like me to go check on that?!"  at which point most of us were done and ready for the checks - so one decided to for go eating altogether figuring it would take another 30 minutes and the other requested that his food, which was on its way out, be boxed up to go.The checking out process continued to take quite some time due to tickets needing to be corrected, and the to-go food wasn't up yet.  Finally - 20 minutes later, the food (that had been delivered to the table) was now boxed up and ready - so we headed out.When we arrived back at the office, the boxed up lunch was in fact incorrect.All in all, the food was good - the quality for the price of the lunch was good - but the service was ridiculous.....
3	I'm a huge sushi fan, theirs was only ok, nothing special.  Atmosphere was great but way too loud for a date, we sat on the patio in the misters and was really nice.  Service was great.
1	What happened? It used to be so good! I think the Keirland location is better. The Vegas rolls seemed pre made and reheated. Service is hit or miss. The last server really slow when they weren't even busy.
4	Good for a small stop and satisfy sushi craving. Try the monkey collections as they have a good blend of flavors. The good thing is their happy hour, I been there twice now, only at this time.
1	From a scale from 1 to 10  I  give this place 1...
2	The worst service ever. Over priced, mediocre and bland sushi. Not even worth the happy hour
3	RA was OK.  We swung in there while stranded at the Phoenix airport for a night.  Did the half price happy hour and it was quick, cheap, and good.  Not amazing sushi, but hey, or half price you're getting more than what you pay for!  Check out RA for yourself!
1	Worst customer service EVER!!! The place was pretty much empty. We arrived around 1pm. There was only 3 other occupied tables in the whole place. Our waitress took an hour to give us our drinks! Our first set of drinks was the chilled green tea, which we had to send back because it had the most strong burnt taste!!  She never checked up on us, never gave us refills. When she came for our menu, we waited about 45min. and then another hour before we got the bill. We wanted to order more but decided to leave before it hit around dinner time!!! Not to mention it was definatley not worth the $80 of sushi we spent here!! The food was good but not great. We had better quality else where. Also their happy hour is only @ 8pm on Sundays. WILL NEVER RETURN. My actual review would be ZERO STARS.
3	Nice decor and atmosphere. Hostesses and server (all female andI think students) were very nice and helpfull.  Server had some expression tattooed above her chest all the way across her body; I don't think this belongs in places where you relate to public professionally, but she was nice and I didn't walk out.  Had Philly roll, which was very good.  Seats at tables in bar room were very roomy and had pillows.  Roll and ice cream cookie I had before were filling.  I will go back if I get another server.
2	When I first started frequenting this place's Sunday night happy hour, I loved it.  I would go with a group of friends, and it was always a great time.  Over the last few months, I have seen a decline in the quality of food, service, and an increase in prices.  Happy hour is still pretty decent prices, and the food hasn't been bad, it just isn't as good as it used to be, unfortunate really.
1	Ra Sushi, you are so BLAH to me. We came to Tempe for training and it is a town abundant in bars and restaurants, none of which are spectacularly amazing. And Ra Sushi is at the bottom of that list.First of...you pay for the ambiance. Not the food. Not the Service. You may want to take a date here but be prepared to wait 30 minutes for your food. We came on a Tuesday night where it was relatively calm and quiet...it was almost empty. We ordered a few basic rows like the California and the Eel, but it took them 30 minutes to get our food out. Why? I don't know why, except that I saw the waiter constantly peering over at us to see if we noticed as he catered to the older customers. Maybe it's because we looked fresh out of college or it could have been something else...but the service is straightup terrible.I do not recommend going to Ra Sushi...there's another sushi place down the block which is a lot better and it's cheaper.Bye Ra.
3	I've been to this one a few times now and I enjoy it! Happy Hour is the best because the Viva La Vegas Roll is half price! Good staff, but I can't say that I've tried anything more than the Vegas Roll, still a newbie!
5	Great sushi.  Only complaint would be its very crowded and loud.  Otherwise, just great sushi.
3	I went here the other day with some friends for lunch. I got the chicken teriyaki bento box, which was actually a great deal. For 8$ I got miso soup, salad, spring roll, one gyoza, rice, chicken, and veggies. Whoa. Now it wasn't all the best food ever, but it was ok. The soup was just alright, the salad wasn't as good as the last time I had it, but it was still good. The spring roll was probably the best thing... it was perfectly fried and the veggies in it tasted good unlike most spring rolls out there. The chicken was a little bland. Overall, this place is alright, nothing awesome but not bad.
1	You know when you see someone and they look really good and you think they are cool and want to hang out with them and halfway through your first conversation with them you realize that they really don't have a character and they are really nothing but looks? This is exactly what RA is for sushi. Lots of fanfare and no essence.
2	I planned a birthday happy hour lunch with friends and decided why not Ra for their decent happy hour.I should have known better than to go to Ra even after reading the Yelp reviews, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt.Service for drinks were pretty good but for food, below average. Majority of my friends all received their food in a decent time span except myself the birthday girl and a friend. His sushi took over 45 minutes even when others at the same table ordered the exact same item. The waitress did admit to forgetting his order which her honesty was appreciated.There was one roll I never received and just told the waitress not to bring it.The sushi was overall good at a decent price along with the drinks.Service not so much especially when there is no sense of urgency to having food brought to a customer. The last thing I want to see with a hungry stomach is wait staff just hanging around the restaurant.I'm hoping I caught a bad day and maybe I'll Ra out again in the future. Till then, spend your thirsty dollars elsewhere.
4	I must say, i'm very surprised at the overall rating of this location here. First of all, it's on mill, near ASU, so the location itself is prime--star. Secondly, the atmosphere is hip, urban and casual at the same time. another star.Bar--fully stocked, fully staffed, good drinks....another starNow for the food....I've never raved about Ra...ever. To be honest, when it comes to eating sushi, i have never, ever recommended it to a single person and frankly tell people to stray from it. However, last night i went for happy hour at the mill location (usually go to the one in Ahwatukee) and had great sushi. Everything was fresh, perfectly portioned and just really good! Plus, it was happy hour so the price was even better.  star, star!The only reason this is only 4 stars, is because i took one away for the layout of the restaurant...the flow is awful lol. thankfully i sat at the bar (full service) so i wasn't subjected to its awkward flow to the fullest.Even so, I would definitely go back to that location.
4	very good sushi over at Ra on Mill. The food is why i went and that is what i am basically rating right now. Sat at the bar, it was a nice evening all in all. But the service was a strong C-. I really hope they improve over time because they would pull better ratings in no time. I will not give up just yet. i will go back there in a while to give them another chance.Have fun be safe and good luck.
2	Too damn expensive and the service usually sucks! The food is good but not worth this much frustration.
5	I love this place! I haven't been their since I been married, but my buddies and I would go during spring training! Great food, great service and the eye candy coming in you couldn't beat. One day I'll take the wife to see what excellent sushi is all about!
3	Good Sushi, great happy hour prices. Well, most of the time good sushi. Try to get to know one of the chefs, your sushi gets a lot better! The other fare is not as good as the sushi.One of my favorite parts of sushi is Saki and they do have a good Saki menu. Bombers aside, and they have bombers, they have good Saki. Although not always enough knowledge of Saki, or sushi for that matter. It is obvious that the management is well aware that they have a golden location and are not really that worried about the staff being impressive in their knowledge of what they are serving. Pretty sweet music most times!
3	Nice restaurant, good food, SLOW SLOW SLOW Service.Went there with a group, and the food was all good but the service wasn't great. I ordered Chicken Katsu before the rest of the group ordered tons of Sushi...the Sushi came out slow, but no one cared. And then I realized we had been there 2.5 hours and I still didn't have my Chicken Katsu - I asked the waiter about it and he had totally forgot. I eventually got my food but everyone else was done eating - he was apologetic and we got a free dessert but it just sucked for me since I don't eat sushi...
2	I love sushi, but try to avoid the RA sushi restaurants. I was invited to meet friends for happy hour, so I thought I would see if anything has changed since i was here last. NO. Service was mediocre at best, the waiter was inattentive and forget our requests on numerous occasions. The fish, wasn't horrible, but definitely nothing to write home about. I had maguro, unagi. spicy tuna roll, and the vegas roll. Nothing struck me as super fresh, the key ingredient to a great sushi experience. I would never of my own choice go to eat here.
3	Unless you come here for Happy Hour I'd say this place is over priced.My friends and I used to come here for reverse Happy Hour on the regular for drinks and appetizers. Unfortunately, corporate did away with it. Which i think was probably a pretty horrible business choice considering there are a million other places to go to on Mill, which is exactly what we did when we found this out.
2	RA is slow, expensive, and only so-so on the actual sushi part of things. Rolls are not exactly loaded down, though most are of a decent size. The fish is fresh enough, but sometimes comes out a bit warmer than I'd like, and today, a very simple lunch order took over 1.5 hours. Not great when on lunch hour from work. I prefer Sakebombers down on McClintock and Broadway. It looks a little dumpy, but they pack the fish in, it's fresh and delicious, and priced right.
4	Im building my happy hour list and I cant have a happy hour list without RA or Kona! :)RA is delicious...I will say it is expensive if outside of happy hour....but during happy hour the value is great.  A large selection of drinks (Sake bomb is usually the most popular) and a large selection of discounted items including their famous Vegas roll which is my favorite.  I also recommend the crunchy spicy tuna roll....its a ball of deepfried rice with a tuna tartar ontop....very good stuff.I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good sushi happy hour.
4	The fish looks and tastes fresher than anywhere else in the area, though the service could use a kick in the butt.. The "RA"ckin' Shrimp appetizer and the Salmon Carpaccio are by far the best things on the menu. Definitely go during happy hour, or it's not worth the price.
4	My bf and I came to Ra while on our vacation to AZ. It was so delicious and the service was great! All the people there Are very nice! If I come back to AZ I'll defanetly end my trip this way again!!
2	LOUD. Loud, loud, loud.That's seriously the only thing I can think of when anyone suggests Ra. The music is blasting so loud that you have to yell across the table to your companion - definitely not a pleasant dining experience. - 2 stars.The girls (yeah, I've NEVER had a male waiter or host here) are pleasant enough but service is a bit slow. - 1 star.On the other hand, the food is good and really reasonably priced - I recall Happy Hour being around $18 for a couple iced teas, Vegas Rolls, and a few other rolls, having some left to take home even. Otherwise, it was $36 for dinner the last time I went.So, as a compromise the last time Ra was suggested, I dragged my oh-so-tolerant date to the Ahwatukee location. It was MUCH QUIETER and the service was surprisingly good, despite it being 10 pm on a Saturday with a packed bar. It was worth the 5 miles to Ray and I-10, because the sushi is definitely good.
2	I visited this location a couple weeks ago with some friends, since I had heard good things about RA. My initial impression of the place was pretty good. I liked the decor of the restaurant, and the loud atmosphere is what I was looking for (I mean, Mill Ave on a Friday night...seriously). As far as the service goes, it was decent. I wasn't impressed with the waiter, but I wasn't thrown into a fit of rage either. So, you know, props. With how busy it was, I wasn't expecting the world's best wait staff anyway.And then there's the food. One friend and I had various pieces of sushi, which were extremely average. Like, if you could grade this sushi with a C, it would be the largest possible C you could give. And for the high price point, this is really a turn off. My other friend had some kind of mushroom-based soup that was pretty fantastic, though. I regret not buying cauldrons full of the soup.
4	Ra is a sushi bar located on Mill Ave so it is usually busy and packed with college students. The atmosphere is trendy and loud so if you're looking for a quiet meal go somewhere else. My boyfriend and I ate here last night because they have a reverse happy hour every Sunday night from 8pm to 11pm. We sat at the bar and ordered some pineapple wontons. You get four wontons, they are filled with onions and cream cheese, and it comes with pineapple sauce. They were okay but nothing to brag about. We also ordered a yellowtail roll and crispy spicy tuna. The roll was good and the crispy spicy tuna was amazing! Overall I was pleasantly surprised the food was so good and the service was great as well.
5	The shrimp tempura and Vegas roll are outstanding and the servers, hostesses and bartenders etc. are typically 8 or 9s at least. All the haters either don't know good sushi, are jealous chicks or perhaps gay.
2	RA is OK. I like Happy hour mainly for the cheap food and Saki/beer. The sushi on the other hand is just meh! It's good but its not what I consider real sushi or quality sushi. It's Arizona Sushi! Coming from LA and San Diego, this would be pathetic sushi! But some it is OK and I can tolerate it at HH due to the prices. I would not go here during regular hours and regular prices.
4	i love this place. but it is a good idea to be in the mood for really loud house, trip and electro if you plan on eating here.
5	Great service. Good Happy Hour
3	I like RA. Not love it. and especially not this RA. I actually hate this RA. It is loud, annoying and like everyone else says the servers are RUDE! I only go for happy hour cause then its decently priced. When I do go we go to the one in Ahwatukee or on Baseline/Val Vista...those have much better ambiance then this place. At the Happy Hour prices the food is def affordable and worth it.
1	My g/f love sushi! She made me a connosiuer of it. and I have to be critical. So many college kids "love" RA, but it's mediocre at best.I'll just list a few things that irk me:I went during a happy hour with co-workers. It was PACKED. Good thing, right? WRONG!Extremely poor service. when I went in to meet coworkers who already had a table the hostess told me I have to wait. When I said I have a table, she got in my face. I was tired, long-day and I wanted to chill. I walked past her, found my friends, and she left me alone.The waitress took quite a bit of time to get around to my table, and the sushi servings were OBVIOUSLY LOW!I went to Zen 32, and now my choice is SakeBomber. their happy hour servings are much more than RA, and their prices are BETTER!Be ready for loud noises, as every one is trying to talk louder than the music, and the person next to them.Just an overall poor experience. and I tip on service. Food quality was so-so. Just don't go during a happy hour, which is the only time it's worth it because it's priced so high.
3	Overall pretty good experience. We came in with a party of 20 and they were very quick to get us settled. Sushi was ok. I think they tried to do too much with it. Multiple sauces and extravagant garnish took away from the fish. Get location and atmosphere. With our large group the server was organized and efficient with orders, running food, LOTS of booze, and splitting checks.
1	pricy, and kind of unclean. I ordered a las vegas roll and some other shit, he reached in the fridge, right in front of me..pulled out a premade roll, dolloped some shit on it and handed it to me. I've waited longer for a fucking hamburger at mcdonalds..The seared tuna I ordered was also seared in advance. I asked the guy about it, and he said: "We make like 500 a day." I replied "how many do you think they make in japan?"..disappointing, lazy, and super gamey tasting shit. Oh, and ask me like ten more times if I want to join your fucking birthday club.
1	This place deserves zero stars, to be honest, but unfortunately that is not an option. I'm surprised that this particular location has stayed open as long as it has, considering that everyone I've spoken with has had negative experiences there. During my particularly negative experience, I initially complained to the server, however understanding that she could do little to resolve the issue for me, I asked her to get the manager who was TOO LAZY to drag his fat, useless ass out of his office to deal with an unhappy customer. Instead he just sent the poor girl back out to try and handle it on her own. Worst management ever, I don't know where they find these clowns, but if anyone from corporate is reading this, I'd strongly suggest that you fire all of your managers and start from scratch. I can see why the staff is unhappy, if that's the kind of management they have to deal with. The food is mediocre, the prices are too high unless you happen to make it for happy hour, and the "atmosphere" is a joke.
2	This place is....well...ummm. My friends and I had reservations here for a bday dinner. EVERYONE else got seated before us. The girls at the front desk were rude and had no idea what they were doing. When we walked in gave the name... they just told us to wait one minute, so we did. 10 minutes pass by... so we go up and check on our reservation... we see at least 2 big tables empty while they're still taking their time...when I walked in (now probably 20 minutes) one of the girls said "let me check on that for you," came back and told us to wait a few more minutes...while 'mind you' she seats other folks. Serious bullshit. Anyway, after 40 minutes, they finally gave us our table...I did voice my opinion to the Manager, he was a nice guy so no disrespect sir, but train your staff!!! Maybe some customer service perhaps? Also, tell them to take their personal issues elsewhere and not to talk about their ex boyfriends or one night stands in front of their guests...that would be much appreciated!
5	Im really surprised at some of these negative reviews! Ive never had anything but terrific service/ food here. Whether its at the inside bar, restaurant, sushi bar, or outside bar and tables.One of my fave things to do is sit at the back bar w/ friends and have just a drink on the way to another bar, or a full dinner. Its place I always check for seats 1st.
2	We came here for a few drinks, so I cant speak for the food. Also, im not much of a sushi eater.  The drinks tasted great, so good that I would have thought it was alcohol free if I hadnt known, definitely on the weak side.  My fiance and her friend had the "60 oz" fishbowl which in reality looked no larger than 40 oz and also seemed to be a virigin drink honestly.  Also, the waitress wasnt too attentive and the music was so loud I could hardly speak across the table.  Right above the place is "school of rock" and the bass from the speakers at that venue were enough to be clearly heard inside of this restaurant and even vibrate the walls. Will I be back? Probably, but only because of the free $20 gift card.....free lunch!
2	Maybe it's because this location is on Mill Avenue, but I've had better. The sushi is average, the prices are higher than normal, and the service is poor.We called ahead to schedule a larger group and the hostess told us she "didn't accept reservations" but that she'd consider it. Ummmm, okay? When we arrived, we still had to wait 20+ minutes for them to prepare the table. Drinks were slow to arrive and poor lighting outside made it awkward to order.When the food arrived, it was simply lacking. For an upscale sushi joint, I expected to be blown away -- I was far from impressed.When we were ready to leave, it took 25 minutes for the waiter to bring our check. TWENTY FIVE! A man in our party finally had to hunt him down in order for us to pay and leave.All in all, I won't return.
4	I always have great service here. Their happy hour is banging, and the employees are nice to look at. I've never had a bad experience here.The bathrooms are a little creepy though. You have to go through a separate door in the back, but besides that everything here is delicious and filling.Also, if you check in on Foursquare, they will give you free edamame or miso soup. So don't forget to show it to your waiter!
4	Always have a great time here. The servers are decent, aesthetically great, but I have always had great bartenders there. The atmosphere is always hi energy and musics great. This is a great place to pre-game at before a night on Mill. My Must Try's: -Pineapple Cheese Wontons-Sake Bomb's of course-Spicy Chicken Teriyaki Udon-Apple Teriyaki Salmon-Tootsy Maki Roll-Green Tea Ice CreamHAPPY HOUR!  MONDAY-SATURDAY, 3-7PM  $2-$7 SELECT SUSHI, APPETIZERS  AND TAPAS
2	I have been twice, both at lunchtime. Cute (trendy) place, sushi rolls are decent, not spectacular. Loved sitting out on the patio; however, there was a distinct smell of sewage wafting by every once in a while. Not sure where that was coming from. The hostesses were unfriendly. Waitresses were nice enough, but wow, S L O W service.  I mean, my God. I had nearly polished of a bottle of sake by the time the food got there (which may account for my belief that the sushi was good, lol!). Same embarrassingly slow service in getting our check to leave.Overpriced for a lunch menu, I thought, and the calamari appetizer was a huge disappointment. It was like ... TGI Fridays or something. Just very ... sportsbar-esque. Huge, rectangular chunks of calamari, heavily battered and deep fried. What happened to light tempura and calamari rings? Isn't this a Japanese restaurant?All in all, it was okay. I was in good company both times, and had plenty of time to spend, so the slow service was not an issue, but it could be a problem if you have other plans. I will likely go back until I am able to find a comparable or better sushi place - I'm new to Arizona.
3	The sushi quality is ok. it's near my house and during happy hour it is pretty good value for healthy food. it's definitely a college crowd.
2	This place completely underwhelms me. At first glance, the decor seems cool, but then you sit down in a booth and sink four inches in the impression made from the hundreds of other asses that sat there. Not a pleasant thought. After that, you look around and realize that it's just an Asian version of Applebees or some other chain. The service comes from a totally mediocre cute college girl with the personality of a tea cup. Adequate and boring, never really there but nothing you can truly fault her for.The menu is absurd. It's huge and broken down into what seems like six unintelligible sections. Some of the sushi rolls are explained on the back, and inexplicably, some aren't. A lot of them have cream cheese, which in my opinion, is nasty.    Ive been here twice and both times I said I wouldn't come back, and yet I keep returning. I guess because it's easy and it's there. Between the dining area and the bar, definitely sit at the bar. At least the bartenders are fun to watch while they tweak out on whatever uppers they're on.
4	I have been to RA a few times and 2-3 have been at this location. My most recent meal here was incredible.The shishito peppers are a must-have. The ponzu sauce had us tipping the empty bowl over to lick, drink, and pour on our remaining rice. It was that good.We tried the Pacific Roll, which is essentially the experience of eating fresh mango salsa. It's not what I would call sushi, but it was tasty and refreshing. The sashimi is solid as well. The lunch combo is ~$10 and they will mix and match any 7 pieces of tuna/salmon/yellowtail you want.This location, located in downtown Tempe on Mill Ave, is a bit more of a club/bar style than the others I've seen. They play lots of upbeat club/remix/techno music at all times of day. The service was friendly and decent.
4	Great spot to go to for some sushi in Tempe, AZ. You're right on Mill Avenue and what better than a few sake bombs and sushi before your night begins. Lots of nice looking college people around and great place to meet some people. RA sushi is the West Coast sushi chain and Service:Great staff. Everyone here is super friendly and mostly accomodating. We got the only guy server there out of 4 and jokingly said, "Can we have her serve us?" and the guy said, "Sure thing" without any offense. We told him we were joking and he just laughed and took our order. That's how chillaxed people are here.Food:I usually come here with a few people and always order a bit too much. But hey, you have to try a little of everything. So what the heck. I can't complain one bit about the food. Its all good and probably the best in AZ considering you're in the middle of the desert and eating raw fish. Drinks:Sapporo and/or Asahi + sake = SAKE BOMB! Get it! Overall: Probably the best spot for sushi in AZ. Great place with a great atmosphere. What more do you want?
2	Went into RA to grab a drink with a few friends. It took the bartender 15 minutes to determine if my ID was real, along with my friends ID. I understand that the laws are very strict here and I appreciate the bartender being careful but 15+ minutes to get my drink and NO apology from anyone!!! WHAT THE...probably won't be back.
4	What's worse than having boy wait on you at Ra? Having a boy wait on you at Ra that doesn't know a thing about Sports when the NFL draft is on and the NHL playoffs.  He service was stellar, and that is usually a stretch for RA Tempe.
4	Enjoyed my visit to RA Sushi. I was catching a red eye flight from PHX to DCA, so my friend and I were searching for somewhere to grab dinner before she dropped me off at the airport, and we wandered into RA.Overall, the sushi was excellent. Fresh, beautifully prepared, and we were excited to find that we had walked in during their Sunday evening happy hour, so the prices were reasonable.The tuna tataki was AMAZING!! The onion soy vinaigrette was delectable, and the tuna was incredibly fresh and PERFECTLY seared. For real. I could eat their tuna tataki three meals a day, it was that good.Would have given them 5 stars if it weren't for the service. All the employees were friendly and helpful, but towards the end of our meal, we were in a bit of a rush to leave for the airport, and it seemed like it took 30 minutes just to pay our check.Overall, though, I'll definitely return. And when I do, I will likely get 5 orders of the tuna tataki!!
4	I love, love this place. I love their sushi, not as good as Ninja sushi, but good for the price. I prefer to come during happy hour to save some money. Sometimes you get a dingy waitress, sometimes you don't; just like with any trendy spot. Try the fishbowl drink with a friend at least once.
3	It was a good place for a work outing but the portions would a bit small and pricy.  I'm a big fan for paying more but only if i feel i'm getting some value out of it.
1	Well, This review is based on the sushi alone --- so 1 star. If I was reviewing the bar - 5 stars!Anyway --- If you actually enjoy RA Sushi, I wonder if you're only eating Vegas Rolls and potsickers. I know your type: New to sushi, want to get drunk with your friends and pretend to actually enjoy raw fish. I know, I know...you're in college and it's Mill Ave. I am fine to get trashed here, I LOVE their bartenders and inventive drinks...but the food is nast. That's RA in a nutshell.
4	We had a very good lunch.  The service was good once we sat down.  we were ignored when we entered and waited to be seated.  We actually had to approach a server to be seated.  The sushi rolls were good.  A little pricey for lunch.  I would go back, but I would probably try other places first.
2	The sushi rolls are subpar and the the service has a lot of (bad) attitude (other than the sushi bat guys who are fast and friendly). The staff at the front try hard to make you feel unwelcome and act like they are doing you a favor seating you. They carding policy is ridiculous. I know it's college town and everything but when you are in your 40s and they won't bring you a beer on a Saturday night because one of the two has forgotten their license, it is time to say bye bye. Which we did. Happy hour at the sushi bar is still ok in a pinch.
4	I went here to grab some drinks before heading to Scotssdale for the night. Usually when you think of grabbing drinks some place before you go to get drinks some other place, you picture going to a dive bar or doing shots in someone's kitchen. Everywhere on Mill is so classy and pretty upscale for a college town. The atmosphere at RA was like walking into a well-decorated, posh, cave. They had the Olympics playing, the wait staff was friendly, it was nice and cool inside (hence the cave comment) and their reverse happy hour wasn't bad either. I didn't order any food but someone I was with did and they brought it out on a huge plate so he was very satisfied. The wait was a little long but our waitress came to reassure us it was on its way. I'd go back here on a date.
1	I think that this place has the worst service!! We were sitting there for at least 15 minutes without water in AZ it was the worst.  They messed up our orders and then forgot some food!  worst ever
5	Always had slow service at RA but I love The Vegas rolls! best Vegas rolls Ive ever had!
4	I am definitely a fan. I have been many times and it never gets old for me. LOVE their happy hour specials. The salmon carpaccio is to die for, and their drinks are pretty good.  I usually hit up RA on a monthly basis or more :)
4	The sushi is great... never had a problem. Food is always good and out quickly. Glad they have Stella Artois here to wash down my food ;)
3	The Las Vegas roll seriously looks like LAS VEGAS.Too many things going on all at once... from cream cheese to like this cookie looking thing topping off the roll on each piece. Its like a crown of some sort. Anywho, my friend loved it and thus she ordered it and I tried a piece. I am more of a traditional sushi lover... I like to go raw and add that wasabi on top.Also.. I prefer a veggie sushi roll along with some sashimi on the side. Fresh cuts were delicious, staff and waiter were super cool and attentive. I will definitely go back next time I'm in town. Prices were also respectful if you're on budget.
3	Obviously over-priced, but it's still a hangout for me when I'm buzzed and want some fish in my belly to soothe the blurriness/dizziness that suddenly surrounds me whenever I happen to be on Mill Ave late at night.The only time I actually do think it's worth coming here other than when I'm not right in my mind, spirit, body, and whatever else I lost control of is on Tuesdays for lunch when it's "bring a friend, get your own meal for free". To get the best deal, order the sashimi lunch and split the check and you both got 12 pieces of "small portioned but what do you expect when they know you're trying to squeeze a free meal out of them" mix of sashimi each for about 6 something tax included. Not too shabby for a Tuesday lunch break.
2	My husband and I visited Ra for happy hour. Upon looking at their happy hour menu, I thought it looked great. Lots of food and drink variety for decent prices. The blushing geisha cocktail was delicious and my husband enjoyed his Kirin. Unfortunately, the whole eating experience was underwhelming. The Pacific Roll has potential. It tastes great, but it was very loosely rolled. Every bite fell apart either before we dipped it into the soy or in mid-dip. We had a lot of soy splashes on our table. The asparagus salmon and spicy shrimp were both as bland as could be and chock full of minced stuff. Save the minced fish for off-brand fish sticks, people, please. We also ordered the seared tuna and the citrus yellowtail tapas. Both were just thin cut fillets of rawish fish with some foliage and sauce drizzle thrown on top. Meh.Lastly, we sat on the patio, which is a back patio. It faces an alleyway rather than Mill Ave. And while it has a nice outdoor bar, it was chock full of smokers.  I'm a non-smoker so I'm biased on this point, yes, but who smokes while eating sushi? Also, there is no air circulation back there. Just patio and alleyway, so all the smoke just hangs.I will give props to our server. She was prompt, polite, and delivered our order speedily. The speedy part was great because with all that smoke, we were dying to get out of there.
1	Why would anyone think that being force-fed BLARING-LOUD electronic music on a Sunday night is a good accompaniment to a nice sit down sushi dinner? I am far from an old fogie; I'm in my early 30s and I live in L.A., so it's not like I haven't had my fair share of nights out, but this was ridiculous. UNCE-UNCE-POW-WAAARRRNNN-UMPH-UMPH for an hour as I shouted at the waiter and screamed at my family in an attempt to make natural conversation. When I reluctantly became "that guy" and asked the waiter if they could turn the clearly too loud pounding techno down, he did his best, but I was informed that "there was a DJ here tonight" - to be fair they did turn it down to almost-acceptable limits but it crept back up to deafening. Just bad. Who wants a PA speaker dubstep over sushi? I guess the food was pretty good.
1	Horrible,  thirty minutes for drinks and an hour thirty for food. Simply horrible.
2	The food is very good and they have a good selection of rolls and sashimi however the service was really bad. They kept coming to our table with food for other tables and we ran out of water a few times. Once you get the waiters attention they do bring what you need, but the service is slow. Also the music is extremely loud making it hard to converse.
1	Delivers tilapia instead of yellow fin tuna, unprofessional conduct ( sexual harassment  to female waitress by manager) , poor management ( fired the best bartender ever.). Sells low market drinks to un suspecting patrons.  Allows short pours of alcohol to patrons.  No heaters outside, wet cushions.  Impaired bartenders allowed to work, actually promoted.  Poor employee rapport.   That all comes out in the service to me. Never go to this deceitful restaurant!
3	So I just had my half birthday at RA (something that they celebrate, where you get a free $20 on your half birthday every year) and it was a good time. I got there at the perfect time as it was reverse happy hour so things were pretty cheap. $20 to spend and I did not know what to get :)I got one rainbow roll (my favorite roll), one California roll (the go to roll), and miso soup... oh and water... I did also manage to squeeze in the RA'ckin shrimp because it was on the happy hour menu and I was intrigued by it. Plus I was trying to get that $20 worth lolSo the reason I gave them 3 stars was because service was a bit slow. It just seemed a bit unorganized as the servers kept coming out with a puzzled look as to where the food was going. I did like our server though, she was a sweetheart and Im always nice to servers :) My food did take time to reach me though and I was a little shocked because it being a Tuesday night. I did have a margarita though and it was yummy! Kudos to the bartender :)Okay so my food made its way outMy miso came out mega hot and I downed itI love Rainbow rolls so I scarfed that bad boy down in less than 3 minutesThe RA'ckin shrimp took a whilebut it gave me time to drink and hang out in the cool MIll ave atmosphereI used to be such a mill rat that it was nice to see everyone there enjoying their reverse happy hour time :)Anywho, my shrimp came out and I was surprisedThe display was nice and it was actually really goodMight be one of my fave new dishes at RAYou should try it if you already haventRA'ckin ShrimpIts yumzoAll in all my half birthday was nice and I will always go to RA on mill just because I love it. Our server was darling. The food was good and the music made me want to stroll down to Cue Club or across to Vintage!
3	I visited this location of RA recently on a Friday night and had an okay experience. I say just okay because that's all it really was. It was about 6pm when my friend and I arrived. It was moderately busy but we were seated right away. We were promptly greeted by our waiter which was nice and I figured that it was a good start. We filled out our sushi order sheet and our waiter took it back within five minutes of being seated. We got an order on the Ra'kin Shrimp which arrived within a few minutes of order which was great. We had also ordered a Las Vegas roll and a spicy lobster roll and and order of edamame. After we had received the Ra'kin Shrimp everything else seemed very behind. After twenty minutes had passed and our waiter was no where to be found we were a little annoyed. A few minutes later our Las Vegas roll finally arrived but the spicy lobster roll and edamame had not come out with the Las Vegas roll. Still our waiter was no where to be found. After we had eaten the rest of our shrimp and LV roll we decided to just flag someone down and cancel the order for our other items since no one had bothered to visit our table again and tell us that we would be in for a wait (which would have been fine if we would have been informed of this.)The manager came over and then comped the rest of our meal which I appreciated as far as customer service goes. We waited in total 40 minutes and only received half of what we ordered. I understand that it was a Friday night on Mill Ave but we should have at least been informed of this delay in our food prep. The manager did take care of it and I think that was great move on his part. I might give this location another shot and I enjoy the food at RA. The service could use a little improvement at this location but hopefully they are headed in the right direction.
4	I love Ra's happy hour and usually go during those hours (3-7). My favorite roll is the tootsy maki and every now and then I get the pork gyoza. Usually service is pretty fast but nights and weekends are slower. If you check in with foursquare (and maybe other apps) you get a complimentary miso soup or edamame. I would consider this the best sushi place in the ASU area.
1	Horrible, inexcusable service every single time I have gone. Staff is ignorant of its customers, slow and never seem like they care. I knew that had bad service, but I have never been so infuriated at a restaurant than the staff made me the other night. I called in an order for pick up, it was a Thursday night. The woman taking my order told me 45 minutes. 45 minutes?! For a Cali roll and a spicy tuna roll?! Whatever. I waited an hour before leaving to pick it up, just to be safe.  When I got there, the hostess took one look at me, grabbed her purse and proceeded to leave. I asked about my order and she simply said, "They'll help you", and walked out. RUDE. I waited at the hostess station for 15 minutes. No one came to help me. I was ignored by the bartenders and other staff members. After the 15 minutes I walked back to the sushi bar and asked one of the cooks about my order. He spoke very broken english, and told me he didn't know about my order and to ask the bar. So, I walked over to the bar, stood right up next to it and waited to be helped. Nothing. For another 15 minutes at least!!! It was completely ridiculous- they weren't even busy! I finally got  the attention of one of the 2 bartenders by waving my arm over the counter. He came over and I told him I had a to-go order. He said okay and took my card to ring it up. 10 minutes later my order was FINALLY given to me. I think the manager on duty was the one who gave it to me, and he just handed it to me and walked away. So after over AN HOUR AND FORTY-FIVE MINUTES I finally received my food. What a joke.This place doesn't even deserve 1 star. The service here is so terrible that everyone should be fired, and there are people out there who would actually be grateful to have a job here and could give way better service. This is only one of the many horrid experiences I've had at this location. Something needs to be done.
1	My buddy found glass in his noodle bowl glass.  As hit bit down and starting spitting glass out of his mouth we decided that this was are last visit here.
1	On Sunday the 5th of may. A couple of buddies and I were craving some sushi. I recommend RA since it was close but one of my friends is a huge yelper. Won't go to any restaurant that has less that 3.5 stars. This RA on mill had 2.5..anyway I talked him into goin. They ordered a couple sushi rolls and I ordered the teriyaki bowl. My first bite was super crunchy. I immediately spit it out in and ended up spitting out shattered GLASS. There was broken GLASS all in my entree. Personally, I couldn't believe I didn't cut my mouth or swallow any of the glass. The bartender removed the plate immediately.. the manager came and said sorry asked if I was okay. He said I could get anything I wanted and they would take care of it. I was so shocked that I had GLASS in my food I lost my appetite. The manager took care of my drinks which were 2 margaritas. But my friends each had to pay for there sushi that they didn't even end up eating because they lost there appetite as well. I don't know how the manager didnt take care of the whole bill. They are lucky I didn't hurt myself while I was chewing on glass. No wonder it has 2.5 stars I will never eat at a RA restaurant after the poor experience I had while dining there.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE! The service was so terrible, first of all the manager as soon as we walked in was rude my sister in law walked I front of him by accident and he goes "EXCUSE ME!" In a more than necessary rude tone. And then our server didnt know anything you would've thought it was his first hour. Point blank horrible service and was a very bad choice service wise for Mother's Day. Although the food was tasty the service made me never wanna ever wanna go back.
3	Tuna tartar with wonton chips is delicious and fresh. Sushi is par. They use imitation crab, which is a pet peeve of mine. Place was a little dirty, but service was good.
2	We came here to celebrate my friend's birthday. Personally we didn't try any of the food because we had eaten earlier. The servers were nice, but my best friend's husband complained that the drink he ordered was terrible (it was, we all took a sip; it tasted like cough syrup) but the server didn't really didnt seem surprised or remove the drink until my friend's husband gave it to her. Also through the process of serving all the sushi dishes they couldn't remember who had which ones, and which was which; there was a few minutes of confusion. We're not supposed to know which sushi is which, the servers are. There also was some inconsistencies with the wasabi. Some were so mild you could barely taste anything, while the others were so spicy that it brought tears to your eyes. No one made complaints on any of the sushi itself. However based on what I saw, I know I've had way better. We also took a look at the menu, and their prices are outrageous. I truly think RA is more of a trendy thing, like Starbucks...people just seem to go here because of the name. We'll just stick to our regular place for sushi.
5	Sushi was exceptional the cooks were very friendly and my sever was great I am giving this place a 5
5	Great sushi. We always sit at the preparer bar location to watch as our sushi is made. Our server was excellent and talking to the sushi preparer was very interesting. We experimented with a few different dishes and each was delicious.
2	There are not many restaurants that I have tried in Phoenix that make me roll my eyes at the mention of their name. Ra is one of them. This is sushi for yuppies and wannabes. Why one star at all? The sushi is slightly more interesting than what you can purchase at a grocery store. Occasionally a very friendly waiter will offer you an experimental off-the-menu roll, but this has happened to me three times, so I suspect it's a ploy similar to how Trader Joe's cashiers talk about how one of your items is their FAVORITE EVER, OMG! The drinks are decent and the business offers lots of perks (I joined their customer club as a favor to a friend...who has bad taste in sushi).Now the bad stuff. The ambiance is cheaply over-sexed, and not in a clever burlesque way. More like a high school boy-who-fantacizes-about-Laura-Croft way. The menu tries too hard to be cute and sexy. Most of the the wait staff could easily sub at Starbucks or Applebee's. For a place that specializes in sushi, there really is no good excuse for why it's so mediocre. They don't even offer real Japanese wasabi. Half of the time I've ordered, ginger was omitted from my plate. And of course, the miso is that generic brownish stuff that you find in every Japanese-ish place that doesn't care about miso.Every time I walk near Ra on Mill, I am reminded that I haven't had sushi in a while. Then I glance at it again, and keep walking.
4	Spicy chicken teriyaki udon wasn't that bad considering I don't like thick udon noodles much.  The chicken and teriyaki sauce went well together and I always enjoy eating stir fry veggies.  I've eaten here before, and I'll be opting for sushi next time around...
4	People seem to have a lot of bad things to say about this place but Im just not one of them. i do not eat Sushi so this review is based off other menu items. Rockin shrimp, pineapple wontons, garlic edamame, spicy green beans etc..oweeiii i am in heaven. Sake bombs and all this food around me i will leave one happy girl which i do every time. I give the servers major credit for keeping a smile on their faces. You get  mix crowd at this location...drunks, loud people, quiet people, couples etc...so you have to understand the servers here deal with  lot and i have no complaints about my service the times i have been.I love sake and i love the apps here. Delicious.
5	Oh I get here then they say hey round eyes we close at 1 so you go now
2	This place is dirty, the carpet and the tables smell like they've been soaked in beer for years.  The other locations are very clean and pleasant compared to this one.
4	Great for Sushi on a Friday night, since it's next to everything.  Seated very quickly, which is pretty awesome for a college area on a Friday night.  Even though i was a big pain in the a$$ that night, my waitress was really nice.  I was disappointed in their lack of soft shelled crab on the sushi menu.  My favorite is the spider roll and the one choice they had was NOTHING like it, and really pricey.
3	Eh. Is all I have to say. I have come to this location multiple times now for lunches, happy hour and dinners. I normally have a good experience eating just some good sushi in the Phoenix/Tempe area.This time I felt like our server took forever to introduce herself to us and get our drinks. We were starving at this point!  Speaking of drinks, I'm not sure what it is but the water there is disgusting! You absolutely need a lemon or it is impossible to drink. Our rolls and miso soups came out next, which were pretty good. Just remember Vegas Roll. Order it.... Next she brings 2 of the 5 lunch meals and does not bring the remaining for another 5 minutes. RUDE. Bring everything out at once! I got the chicken teriyaki bento box and the chicken was dry, will not order that again. Not pleased
3	OK, so here's the thing.I love the sushi here. I really do. I've gone to this location many times and I really love the rolls. Notable favorites: Vegas Roll, Dragon Roll, Tootsy Maki, and Spicy Tuna. Also, they have garlic edamame here and it's AMAZING. Is there a fun, great variety? No. Is the sushi "best in the world" quality? No. Is the music pretty loud? Yes. They DO have reverse happy hour, which is of course great. However, the first time my friend and I came late at night, there was no problem; the second, we were told that unless we were of age to drink, we couldn't come in. It didn't make sense. We were not trying to drink or sit at the bar, and it's not like RA becomes some sort of nightclub after 10. Still, the waiter refused to seat us.So that was kind of, well, off-putting. It's the main reason for 3 stars rather than 4.Otherwise, it's fine, but there are better sushi places out there.
3	Vegas Roll is AMAZING! Service was good as well!
4	I have been to RA twice now. Was there once for my sister's bday dinner. We were a large group and they were helpful to accomodate the groups needs. I had a great time but somehow I was shocked when the check came out for $80 and I was still hungry-oops. Second time I went there with some co-workers for the bogo lunch on a tuesday and had a good experience and a much smaller check. The lunch menu is definitely worth it but I don't think I will go back for dinner again.
4	Went here for an early business dinner.  It was good, not amazing, but definitely one of the Top 3 sushi restaurants in Scottsdale/Phoenix.  Enjoyed the Miso Soup, Seaweed Salad, Salmon Sashimi and Vegas Roll, but wasn't blown away with anything unfortunately.  This place is just enough for a fourth star in my book, but barely.
1	Most overpriced sushi I've had. Only when I'm desperate and stranded on Mill will I suffer this usurious place. The rolls are small to the point of feeling like you are eating bite size sushi, mind you at a jumbo sized price. No, no, and no.
5	Great happy hour!! All of the bartenders are really friendly and personable. One of the bartenders made us some amazing shots! Clean, fun atmosphere. Great for hanging out with friends or a date night.
1	Possible the worst sushi meal I've ever had, and one of the most expensive.  The rice was actually crunchy.  The service wasn't great either.  Please don't go here.  Try Kabuki; they're great.
3	I'm a big fan of sushi to the point where I'll eat it several nights a week if available and economical. When I was craving it particularly one night, we checked local sushi places and decided to head down to RA on Mill Ave.One, the decor is modern chic influenced by classic Japanese reds and blacks. We chose to sit at the sushi bar rather than a table. The seats were comfortable and at the correct height for sitting (unlike some places I've been too), but the ambient temperature was a little chill. Not sure if it was because we were seated at the sushi bar however.Two, our server was pleasant and accomodating. Although after taking our initial order he all but disappeared for the rest of the meal. I was lucky to flag him down for a refill of water and to ask a question. Our sushi server was very pleasant and available, even while working on someone else's food. He told us a little bit about how he got started in sushi preparation and was conversational, but not to the point of interrupting our personal conversation with each other.Three, food. Good quality. I had tuna nigiri (my favorite) and he had the tina roll; we shared a side of edamame. The edamame was delicious, prepared just right. My nigiri was good quality tuna, but the size of the portion was a tad on the small size - especially for the price. Most places I'd have expected four for the price I paid. My boyfriend's tuna roll seemed a bit on the small side as well. We both ended up needing to order twice, making the meal more expensive than I had anticipated but not unworth it.Overall my experience was mediocre. While the quality was good, the expense was not. It was wholly memorable but I wouldn't sneer at going back. If I were in the Mill Ave area and wanted sushi, I would go here since I'm familiar with it. If I were just in Tempe and wanted sushi, I'd probably try some place new.Decent but nothing to write home about at this time.
4	I think the key to eating here is to go during HAPPY HOUR!! Otherwise, yeah, I'd agree with other Yelpers that paying $14 for a 5 piece speciality sushi roll is ridiculous. However, I had no problem eating the same roll for $7.75! ;)When we first got here the hostess was seating a party of 2 in front of us, which was a very slow process. Then she came back and blankly said, "How can I help you?" Umm, how do you think you can help us? What kind of greeting is that? lol. Obviously we want help getting a table for 3. And thanks for being so friendly! Once sat, our server was nice and took good care of us.Happy hour drink specials are about $2 cheaper than usual so it's not that great of a deal, but again, we saved almost 50% on the food...and it was delicious!Between the 3 of us, we had edamame (nice and salty), crispy spicy tuna rice balls (4 of them - would be a rip-off normally), pork potstickers, spicy salmon roll, spicy calamari roll (very good), and 2 Viva Las Vegas rolls (fancy looking and mmmmm)!They brought out the food as it was ready - meaning everything came out at different times (this would be really annoying to most people, but it worked out well for us since we were trying so many things and had a chance to enjoy them one at a time). I liked the black and red interior too. Bottom line, this place is not as bad as other reviews make it sound. I liked it and would totally come back - but only between 4:00-7:00p.m. If you pay full price, you're doing it wrong.
3	Decent place in Tempe. The happy hour is the way to go here if you want to save money for above average sushi. We started out with the edamame. It was extra salty and I scraped off almost every piece I touched. For our meal we ordered the viva las vegas roll, spicy yellowtail roll, spicy salmon, and the shrimp tempura roll. All of them were delicious but definitely not as fresh tasting as the Scottsdale location. Maybe my tastebuds are off.. Our service was about an 8/10
3	Their frozen drinks, especially the peach bellini are delicious. Not the best sushi I've ever had (well I've been to East Asia, so I guess it's not really a fair comparison)...but the sashimi slices are cut too thin. If you like special rolls, definitely take advantage of their Happy Hour though.
4	I love this place. I came in alone after work and sat the the bar. There were a two bartenders working and both were very pleasant. I agree with everyone else that the food is overpriced but happy hour and reserve happy hour are the only times to go. I got a free edamame for checking in on four square which was nice and delicious. The sushi was fresh and the presentation was gorgeous.
4	This RA is an ASU staple. Been coming here since I was a freshman back in 2003. Hasn't changed too much! Great happy hour. The cripsy rice spicy tuna roll is awesome! Definitely get that. I really enjoyed my mango martini as well. They are a little (soy) saucy here with the yellowtail and albacore nigiri, but didn't bother me too much. I especially love the quick service here. Cheers!
1	The service here is laughably bad. After 3 times having consistently bad service, I don't think I'll be back. The sushi at this location is very hit or miss and the edemame is usually falling apart. I just don't think it's that hard to fake a good attitude and give good service. I guess it's my fault for giving it so many chances.
4	I don't know why so many of you are hating on this place. Great atmosphere, not bad staff, reasonable sushi - all in all a great place for Sushi located on the vibrant Mill Ave area near ASU.
5	Awesome sushi!! Was on vacation and google sushi, RA sushi came up so my lady and I drove 20+ min and it was absolutely worth the drive.I will recommend this restaurant to anyone who asks or needs a great sushi place!Bravo!!!
1	SLOW! These people move like snails. Ordered 2 sushi dishes and a round of drinks. Sushi took 40 minutes to come out and the drinks took 15 minutes. The place wasn't that busy, it was steady. They even had 5 sushi chefs working. The food at this RA is nothing spectacular. If you want great service go to RA in Ray road 1000x better. I would fire management at this RA.
1	We should have learned. Tonight was our third attempt at dinning at this RA location & as before it was absolutely disappointing. We decided last time that we would not be back, but we decided to go once again for the company of our friends. The service was extremely slow & the server used the same excuse as was used upon our last visit, "Sorry, we have 2 kitchens." This response is not acceptable! Please inform your patrons upon arriving it will take 30-45 minutes to receive your sushi. Also, there is no excuse for why it took 20-25 minutes for 2 cocktails, 2 beers & 1 glass of wine to be delivered to our table.
1	Waited an hour for my takeout order of sushi. The food was bad. Completely tasteless, poorly prepared, and had a bad texture. Wasabi was also missing, which made the whole situation worse, even after I confirmed with them that wasabi was definitely in the bag. Don't go here.
4	I love this place and I love that they have happy hour from 3:00 - 7:00. My husband loves sushi, I do not. So this is the perfect place for the 2 of us. He can go to sushi heaven here and I can enjoy their other delicious options! I highly recommend the pineapple cheese wontons and the ra'king shrimp! The staff is also very friendly and the environment is great. You can either sit inside or outside!
1	I'm not a frequent Yelp user, however this is best resource I can think of to share my experience with Rich, who is the manager of Ra-off of Mill Avenue.  I called into Ra for a pick up order at 5:23pm (I checked my phone log and later had to prove my call to the manager) for 2 Rolls & Edamame- the girl who helped me quoted 30 minutes until my food was ready.  When I arrived she told me they needed about another ten minutes- she offered to give me a call once it was prepared (which was nice of her to offer, too bad it didn't happen) After waiting back in my car for 10-15 minutes I still hadn't received a call, I walked back in to Ra and asked to speak with the manager.  Rich came out and introduced himself and I explained that I was still waiting on my food and it had been 50 minutes now (For two rolls!? Come on!! One was a California Roll!) He left to check on it, a minute later the hostess returned with my food.  Rich returned and said, "oh good you got your food" I said, yes I did, however it took over 50 minutes.  Rich responds with, "well what do you want me to do" (Isn't it management's role to ensure customers receive good service?)  I called in my food at 5:23pm (mind you, the receipt shown to me by Rich was time-stamped with the receipt print out time of 5:38pm) I then showed Rich my Call Log of when I called Ra.  He left me and proceeded to check several of his computers and returned saying, "your clock runs fast, the food only took 28 minutes to come out and weren't you told it would take 30 minutes" (I HAVE ATT'S iPHONE 5S, which provides time from a satellite) - I said, "you are insinuating that the ATT network can't keep time and NOT that the hostess rang in my food late?  Regardless I called Ra at 5:23pm and the food came out at 6:13" (Again, not a sorry.. not a- oh my, we were so slammed- which, important side note, THEY WERE FAR FROM SLAMMED)... he was just blaming ATT for providing me with a cell phone clock that runs fast and can't keep time.  (What an incredibly stupid thing to say) Luckily for him- I had a long day at work, as a property manager for 430 apartments (Safe to say I know when I am being treated with a lack of customer service as, customer service is what I do- day in and day out) so I just stopped reaching for an apology or waiting for him to offer anything that might improve my experience, he left with my receipts and gave me a credit of about $4.50 I guess moral of the story, Rich takes no pride in ensuring timely service with a friendly attitude, he'd rather blame the customer- hopefully your manager reads this Rich and can offer you some training in customer service since restaurants need that to thrive- surely negative online reviews can't be beneficial.
2	I go to this location a lot because my friend Javi is a huge fan of this place.  He's obsessed with their food and drinks but I simply think they are just okay.Sushi is one of my favorite foods and I've honestly had stuff better that popped in my mouth from Fry's grocery store.  At Ra it's just kind of boring and plain and their drinks are often strong.  I like strong cause it saves on money but not so strong I can barely drink it.Plus there is way too many college students for my taste.  Drunken morons crawl around the place, loud and annoying.  I guess if I was still 21 that would be great and in fact when I was 21 it was.  But being older I'm just not into that seen and I try to get my friends to travel to other Ra locations if they really want to eat their food.
4	Happy Hour is the only time I come here, but for good reason!You can get 3 rolls for $15! Without a doubt my FAVORITE place to get sushi.Rated a 4 instead of 5 because of the obnoxiously loud music - ask for the patio if you can brave the heat!
4	RA happy hour is always my go to. I rarely go when it isn't happy hour, but they do have some awesome lunch specials too! My personal faves are the Las Vegas Roll, Seared Tuna, Spicy Shrimp Roll and the Crispy Spicy Tuna. In terms of appetizers, I love the Dengaku Tofu and the Pork Gyoza! All of which are on happy hour :) service at this location can be hit or miss though, so I wouldn't suggest coming here if you are on a huge time crunch. Quality of food is always spot on though!
2	This is the first time at this location and while the food was great the service is horrible. Our waitress was forgetful and took forever. It wasn't busy at all. Also the music is so loud that you can't hold a conversation with the person next to you. The food was great and came out quick. If you just want the food, then this is the place. If you want great service, go someplace else.
1	So we usually go to the Old Town location (or Gilbert), but we decided to try the Mill one tonight for happy hour. Super disappointed; we sat outside to enjoy the weather, there were 3 others parties sitting outside. We waited almost 10 min... not one staff member acknowledged us. We left, no service at all. I notified the hostess and [maybe] manager about how they lost our business due to crappy service. Went to Mellow Mushroom and had a great happy hour. Stay away from RA on Mill if you can, Old Town is wayyyy better. RA should be embarrassed by this location.
1	We literally stood in the entrance for 15min and the hostess never showed up as people kept piling in. And the security staff standing there gave no explanation as to why NO ONE was present to seat people. Just stood there. So we left. I can see why it has such low ratings...
4	I had dinner there with my pregnant girlfriend. (Yes we know that she can only have specific types of fish) we were greeted and sat as soon as we walked in. Our server did an amazing job explaining what would be best for a pregnant hungry person. She have us a few options and we dove right in. We order way too much as alway, but the food was great service was good and the vice of the place was great too.
5	I've been wanting to try RA for awhile now, the one by my house in San Diego has horrible parking as it's downtown so this was great as it was walking distance to the my hotel I was staying in, the Tempe Mission Palms.  I always think all sushi tastes good and somewhat similar from cheaper to high end places but I will say the food I had here last night was by far superb!  I enjoyed the yellowtail in some type of garlic citrus sauce and then I wasn't going to get the seared tuna as I had eaten tuna for lunch but my server Gabby told me it was one of their best plates so I chose that over the salmon.  I'm so glad I got it as it was delicious, some of the best fish I've eaten.  The creamy soy dressing it comes in is really delicious and I can't tolerate to much dairy so the fact it was made with soy and not cream was even better!  The couple next to me also let me try a piece of some chilli sashimi and everything else on the menu looked good.They do have a great happy hour menu from 4-7 and I would have liked to have gotten there for that but the server did let me know they do a reverse HH also from 10pm - midnight which is great on the nights you want a late dinner but a light one.  I have another day here in AZ so maybe I'll make the reverse one before I go.They also have a great alcohol selection and I had a really nice Pinot noir.Very clean facility, trendy spot, great decor, nice servers, lots of seating places, good alcohol and of course great food!  The only one thing I would have liked to have seen is some rolls without rice.
4	Always a go to sushi spot on Mill for a good sushi lunch. They have pretty good lunch specials and the food is always consistant whenever I go. I had the veggie tempura lunch special this time (I usually always get the sashimi special) and then a new hand roll that they have now. Very good and I always get to much food! Service was good, fast and friendly.
2	Came for lunch, it was dead but service was on point. My only problem, small case if food poisoning. This had to have come from the tuna toro bc it was the only thing my guest and I shared.. Other than that, it was great experience! I'm not mean enough to slam them for it, I was eating raw food and maybe the fish ate poison itself.. Poor thing :/
2	The non-sushi items were pretty impressive! I had a white fish taco that was absolutely delicious! The decor is pretty and the mood is very nice. I would like RA to bring down their happy hour prices-they are rather steep, and I don't appreciate the fact that they have 75 cents tagged on each price...it seems like an advertisement ploy to get you to think you're only paying $2, but in reality, you're almost paying $3. The sushi was not impressive-in the past, I heard that the cuts at RA were much bigger, but the sushi I had today was thin-more rice than tuna. The California roll fell short on size, flavor, and plating, and I had to go and ask for wasabi and ginger because none was given to us with our sushi. The ginger was also quite potent-more than the wasabi as far as heat. I wish it was pickled just a little longer. Please fix it RA! You're a pretty cool place!
5	Isaac is the fucking man. One of the best bar tenders around. I'll be back for sure because of him
5	This restaurant is hands down the best place to get sushi. Aside from the great atmosphere, the sushi is divine. It is packed tightly and is always fresh, This is the go to restaurant for me and my girlfriend, and it was one of our earliest date locations. I'm never disappointed when I visit Ra and if I could afford to go more often, I would be a very frequent customer.
3	A nice little sushi place. I'm not big on sushi, really, but they do all right here. Their happy hour food specials are why I went, and I wasn't disappointed. I had the spicy shrimp roll and tuna nigiri and they were tasty and fresh; plus, they only costed something like $8 together. The lady had kalbi, and it was okay. Giving them the benefit of the doubt on the kalbi, since I guess this isn't so much of a Korean specialty place.The restaurant has a nice atmosphere, clean and modern. Our waitress was nice enough.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for our date night today and it was absolutely amazing!!! The prices were very reasonable for the portions that they give and their happy hour drinks were divine. I am sushi obsessed and I was very pleased with what I ordered. The viva Las Vegas roll is a must try!!!
1	Will never be going back to RA on Mill Ave.  Came here this last Saturday night with a couple friends and had the worst experience ever.  I ordered the lobster spring rolls as I was not that hungry.  After over an hour and a couple drinks I NEVER EVEN GOT MY FOOD.  No manager came to apologize for the service but they sent out the cook to say he was the only one working and is really backed up.  Why would they send the cook out to talk to us when he was so backed up?  Worst part is after NEVER getting the food I ordered when getting my check they CHARGED me for the food I never received!  After pointing this out to the waitress she took the food off my menu but still did charge me for the one drink I had.   Still dont know where any of the managers where during this.This is also my first yelp review as I dont like to bash resteraunts but this experience deserved it.
1	I came in with some friends and we order beer, the server asks us for id and my friend gives the server his Mexican ID and the manager denied it. We've been here before and servers and managers accepted the ID.We said that's bullshit and he tried to be a smartass with us about it which is disrespectful.Never coming here again
1	The service was the worst. It took us 10 minutes to get seated and it wasn't even rush hour. We then were seated and it took our waitress 15 minutes to get our drinks & give us a menu. As we ordered the food we were forgot about and our food didn't come for 35 more minutes. Yes, that's an hour without food. Then we stopped the manager and he took care of us. As our sour waitress came back to give us our refills she put salt on the rims of our strawberry lemonade instead of sugar. This was the last straw. We then ate all the food and spoke with the manager about the terrible service.  The only reason this has a star is because the food was good.
5	Of all the sushi I have eaten, RA is perhaps my favorite. The sushi selection is very entertaining and appears to be very diverse in choices. I would highly recommend the Las Vegas roll if you want to try something with a nice texture with a little bit of heat following. I had friends from Japan with us and was unsure if they would like RA. However, the agreed that the sushi was excellent and presentation deserved high marks. Oh, try dessert afterwards. Very good selection.
1	Be prepared to wait. You will wait 29 mins to get help, 29 mins to get water, and 20 mins to have someone take your order. When you finally get your sushi it's  not fresh. Oh and they don't serve sauces with their food. We would have asked for some but could never locate our waiter who barely knew his name.  I would go as far to say this place sucks. Couldn't even pay me to go back.
2	Over priced vs Quality.  Service is hit and miss, depending on time of day.
4	RA is my place to get Sushi! Prices are reasonable when it comes to food and drinks. Service is awesome!
5	A bit pricey but completely worth it ! Especially if you go to their happy hour or reverse happy hour at night !!! Speciality drinks are delicious , service is really good even when super busy, and sushi is always fresh tasting ! Go on certain days and you'll run into the incredibly hot and super sweet bartender who is very knowledgable on everything in the kitchen as well as all drinks at the bar. Super patient every time I go with my difficult friends.
1	1 star is a compliment for this place. The service is literally terrible every single time. Servers don't check on their tables, they don't introduce themselves, and they never look happy. Not only do the servers suck, the entire rest of the staff just seems unhappy and rude in general. Avoid this location.
5	Love this place beautiful food presentation,  wonderful service well executed dishes great ambiance, followed up with a great bar;-D
4	This is my girlfriend's favorite sushi spot. She loves their Hot Meso Soup. They have great Salmon here I'll give them that. I just think their sushi rolls are a little skimped. They look like mini sushi lol
2	I've been to RA in the past & haven't been highly impressed with it but we thought we would check out this location. We asked for a table for two & were taken to the back of the restaurant. After stepping to that side, I immediately got a strong stench of something disgusting. It was so bad that we got a seat back up in the front area.We had gone in for happy hour & yes, the prices are really high. I ended up ordering the RA'kin Shrimp & the Pineapple Cream Cheese Wontons. I was ok with the wontons but saw that the shrimp were not deveined. Considering the price (especially at almost $12 at regular price) I think that they should've taken the time to devein them. I spent a little bit less than $20 for just those two items with tax and tip.Worth it? Definitely not. Will we return? Nope.
1	Awful service awful food. So disappointing, other locations are significantly better.
1	Absolutely awful. I came into the restraunt on my work break and my server had absolutely no education on the menu and the items that may or may not contain gluten. Matter if fact he was very wrongly informative about what he "thought" he knew. And did but waste my precious time for lunch. Very disappointing. Will not return
4	When I lived in Tempe for a summer, RA Sushi was our go-to restaurant!Typically, it went something like this: I went in with 2 of my girlfriends, we ordered a huge fishbowl, edamame, and several of their delicious rolls to split between us, and we had a great time! Sure, it's not the cheapest restaurant you could go to. But if you get a few things and split it, like we usually did, it's fairly affordable. And for sushi, the prices are fairly par for the course. RA Sushi was always a great time, and we were never disappointed! If I were in the Tempe area again, RA Sushi would definitely be on my list of places to stop.
1	Went to eat lunch on Tuesday, 12/22/14 and a roach crawled on the table and then after seeing that one I also saw another roach on the floor by the table. The restaurant is very dark and had a bad odor/stench as well. I would say it smelled of urine or a dirty bathroom.
3	The sushi is pretty decent at Ra. It's really loud though. It's a better place to go with a group of friends for drinks and sushi rather than a table for two.
3	We were craving sushi and found RA through Yelp. I placed my order and found out a tempura roll would be 20 mins... so I opted for the tuna roll. Pretty good flavor, fresh, good portion but a little more expensive - after adding an iced tea I was at $18! It was 2pm on a Saturday and not very busy, but service was slow.
2	Went to RA Sushi today for lunch. The place was empty but clean and the service was good that's why this review has two stars... As for the sushi rolls I've had better tasting sushi from my grocery store. We ordered two california rolls, Rainbow Roll, a salmon and lobster roll and a supreme tempura roll (may be called something different). No matter what they are called when you order sushi from a place like this at the prices you are paying at this place you expect them to be rolled fresh when you order them. All of the rolls were previously rolled and refrigerated. The rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland. The Wasabi was very bland and was not spicy at all and almost brown in color. For almost $100 including tax and tip I'd rather eat somewhere else.Will I return? No
3	Came in for mine and my sister's half birthday certificate... 40 worth of free food... But I'm afraid we got almost free type of food... Maybe its just me because my sister and man enjoyed it.A lot of the sushi we ordered were pretty and fullof sauces... I would probably liked it better with plain or less saucy sushi.Our server was very nice tho :)The atmosphere is like the dark romatic feelbut when we got to our table it smelled like old carpet or old rag that was probably used to clean the table -.- ( faded away after sitting there for a while tho)FYI if you have Half birthday certificates... They def won't let you use it for HH prices but you can get the specialty rolls you normally wouldn't get coz they're too pricey. Anyways... It wasn't a horrible experience or anything. Super grateful for my $20 certificate :)
