4	Well it was open! That made a decision for us to go there vs. nearing Indian restaurant. And guess what - it was totally worth it. Yeah ice tea suxed, do not order that. But rolls were awesome, as was peanut sauce they came with. Other two dishes we got were pretty good too, can not recall what it was. Service was good without being too annoying or non-present. Place seemed to be constantly busy with slow/steady flow of walk-ins and orders.All in all, it was pretty good lunch."I like"Eugene
5	Well this place is a staple in my diet.  while currently training for the ironman AZ, it is critical to meet certain dietary restrictions.   These consist of high carb, high protein, fiber, and solid hydration.  I have eaten at Saigon Nites more than 500 times and that is no exaggeration.  Minh and his wife (the owners) treat you like family when you walk in.  I live and die on their Chicken Pho soup and shrimp summer rolls like Eugene mentioned in the previous review.  when you order the pho, you can order it "ZACK STYLE" and they will know what you are talking about and probably give you a hug.  Also ask to see pictures of Brandon and Brandelina, two of the cutest little Vietnamese kids ever to set foot in North America :).  Back to the food for a second.  The menu is very diverse offering fish, chicken, meat, vegetarian and they can prepare it any style you wish.  Light oil, heavy sauce, no sauce etc.  Extremely accommodating.  Also another disclaimer, I have no vested interest in this restaurant solely a patron and advocate so they can expand their family business throughout the valley.  On a off day, I will order the vermicelli noodles with egg rolls and pork (not kosher) but don't tell my mom.....  I also ask for extra roughage.  The portions are huge and you will leave more than satisfied.  Back to the Pho preparation, if you like hot and spicy you can doll this soup up so much you will need your own Kleenex.  Their jalapenos are hotter than Heidi Klum and Angelina Jolie put together.  I have seen bald men cry off their foreheads into the soup.  Be careful with the jalapenos, sirachi sauce and there are two other red hot sauces on the table. proceed with caution.  I have noticed 2 maybe 3 hair grow on my chest since my ingestion with the red smooth sauce in the glass container.  This is only for grown men and women alike.   My last suggestion is for the lemongrass chicken extra sauce.  I prefer this over noodles versus the rice and has a potent sauce that is delicious.  I am salivating now writing this review.  As my office is across the street, many times I dine alone.  Next time you stop in there for lunch, have a seat at my table and order it up Zack style and guaranteed you will leave happy and "pho".  Zack
4	Good inexpensive ethnic food in North Scottsdale is such a rarity and Saigon Nites is just that.  It's located in the Scottsdale Airpark area in the same center as Indian Paradise.  The room is relatively nice, service is friendly, prices are very reasonable and most shocking of all, the food is authentic and very good - it's almost too good to be true.We had the special pho (rice noodles in beef broth with thin-sliced beef, tripe and meatballs) and banh xeo (giant crepe filled with a mix of meat and beansprouts).The pho's broth was sweet, clean and complex - tasted like it was made with a generous amount of beef bones cooked for a long time over low heat - no hint of any artificial flavoring.  It was so good that I finished all the soup - that's never happened at Da Vang.  The banh xeo comprised of a large crepe made with rice flour filled with beansprouts, pork, shrimp and herbs.  It's served with leaves of iceberg lettuce and the classic nuoc cham dipping sauce.  This is probably one of the best-executed banh xeo I've had - the crepe was very thin and crispy.  The filling was on the bland side but the dipping sauce made up for it.We can't wait to go back and try the other things on the menu, including the banh mi (Vietnamese-French sandwiches).
4	Some great Yelpers turned us on to this place. Ive driven by here so many times because of the Costco location a few blocks away. They were right about this place for sure! Very very good Vietnamese and so well priced for No. Scottsdale.Had the Special Pho with extra noodles.. the soup was clean tasting, great clear color and highly complex.. it was everything that Pho should be.. hot, hearty, salty and for me, low oil content. Also tried the Banh Xeo.. deliciously creamy, crunchy and shrimpy.. my only problem with the dish was the 'salad' part.. they used iceberg lettuce rather then romaine wish iceberg does not wrap very well.. reminded me of that lame place with initials. Thank you MJ K! You rock!!
3	Hey this isn't Westminster, San Diego, San Jose, Seattle or even Portland. This is Snobsdale, AZ, where it is nearly impossible to find any ethnic food anywhere close to being authentic. Either it is a large show-off over decorated place with a patio and flame torches, with a menu that costs an arm and a leg, with blonde girls in tight black t shirts serving lousy food, or it is low rent chains that pass for Asian food by throwing soy or Teriyaki sauce on rice, like the low end and ubiquitous Samarai Sam's and other similar take out teriyaki places that compete with Chun King and Cup a Noodle. So for Snottsdale, this is pretty darn good. It is in a strip mall on N Hayden, near where I used to work, and oddly enough, next door to a Samurai Sam's. It has been here for about 3 years, it is clean and nice, and they have most of the basics you would fine in those other major cities with larger Viet populations. Of course Pho Noodle Soup, Vermicelli noodle plates (Bun), and some rice plates that appeal to those in Scottsdale more used to PF Chang. Also for the Low Fan are popular Spring Rolls, Egg Rolls, and Fried Shrimp Wontons. But for the Viets missing more than the popular American dishes, they also have Banh Xeo and Com like rice dishes. They do have more Chinese like dishes to appeal to those who never had Vietnamese food and couldn't wait at PF Chang's.The prices are a little high, $7.99 for a medium Pho Tai Bo Vien, which could cost $2 less on the coast, but there isn't a Vietnamese restaurant with 20 miles of here, and it isn't any better.
4	casual, family-style, delicious Vietnamese food! 4/5Saigon Nites is one of our regular restaurants in the Valley. We love its pho (all kind), house fried rice and recently addicted to its chicken wings! Yes, chicken wings in brown, spicy Asian sauce. A good place for a bowl of soupy, home-style pho!
4	Came here with 3 others just before closing on a weeknight (8:00pm). They graciously waited as we were slow in deciding what to order. So since some in my posse weren't sure, I got the appetizers going.I ordered 3 orders of Goi Cuon (Spring Rolls with shrimp and veggies in rice paper), 2 with peanut sauce, and for the one who as allergic to peanuts, with Nuoc Mam (sweet fish sauce). They were nicely rolled and delicious.I also ordered Banh Xeo (large fried crepe/omelete stuffed with sprouts, veggies, shrimp and pork strips). This was a new experience for my 3 friends, but they all loved it. You slice out a piece, then stuff it into lettuce, add veggies, and dip into Nuoc Mam again and eat. Yummy! They were a little light on the veggies, though, and served it with Cilantro, which is OK, but I like some mint leaves mixed in, too. And the lettuce they first brought out was Iceberg. The second round they switched to Romaine, which is more typical. The group was happy with the appetizers, and again with their main as they all ordered what they were seeking. One, Lemongrass Chicken with rice; another the Dac Biet (special) Pho with all variations of beef, another, the Bun (vermicelli) rice noodle plate with pork; and me, I asked for Pho Tai Nam (rare rib eye and cooked flank beef noodle soup).We had 33 Brand beers (Vietnamese) and enjoyed the good company and good food. We closed the place down, and the owners have small kids, so they were very sweet and understanding, and patient with us. We also chatted for awhile. The wife is from south of old Saigon, and the husband is from the beautiful central beach resort of Nha Trang. Best Vietnamese in the Valley that I know of!
4	My brother has been a regular lunchtime customer at Saigon Nites for a while now... but for whatever reason, I didn't get my ass over there to try it until last night.  Now I'm kicking myself - it was better than I imagined!Zack and I met a few friends for dinner and although the restaurant was pretty quiet on a Saturday night, I almost felt like we walked into a friend's house... the whole family was there!  Menh Ho and Hien Le (the couple that owns it) were extremely welcoming and friendly... their 2 kids were there as well and so were the grandparents!  (The kids are so cute by the way!)  But I digress...The menu was much larger than I expected.  My last experience with Vietnamese food was years ago in Atlanta and I remember a limited menu.  Not at Saigon Nites!  It was hard to decide what to order since everything sounded delectable.  We ended up sharing an order of the eggplant in garlic sauce for the table... well, that was the intention but I thought it was heavenly and probably at the majority of it!  I sampled Zack's Pho (which he orders with extra veggies) and was secretly wishing I'd ordered my own... but my Vermicelli Noodle entree with shrimp and veggies was pretty damn tasty too.  I think the sweet fish sauce served with it totally makes the dish.  Do as Zack instructed me - just pour it all on and enjoy!  Our friends seemed to enjoy the Vietnamese Curry, Pho, and a dish that looked to me like Pad Thai.  We watched another table enjoy the Rice Crepe (Banh Xeo) and all of us had some order envy with that one; I'll have to remember for next time.  And there will be a next time sooner rather than later as Saigon Nites is going to be thrown in the mix of regulars for me.Go support this family run business - especially if you like ethnic food and a casual atmosphere... and it's cheap too!  $10 - $15 a person max out the door!
5	I missed it the first time around, but Saigon Nites has boba tea!  That alone is worth giving it an additional star in my book!  We enjoyed Zack's birthday dinner at Saigon Nites last night and I had the Shrimp Pho this time - it was fantastic!  I cannot get enough of Saigon Nites!
4	My Vietnamese friend told me about this place, and now I freakin' love Saigon Nites!  Small, family owned business that use fresh ingredients and delivers amazing flavors for a reasonable fee.  I just can't get enough!  YUMMY!!So the decor is simple, and clean.  The spring rolls are a great way to start your dining experience.  FRESH shrimp, and veggies wrapped up and NOT, I repeat NOT fried!  Whoo hoo!!  And the peanut dipping sauce is soooooo good.  ***Inside tip- save the rest of the peanut sauce for your main order- it tastes great with almost everything!***** The Steak Pho Soup is out of this world!  So light and healthy, but really filling.  Only downer, the "shrimp" Vermicilli noodles, but the shrimp wasn't quite shrimp.  It was like a hot dog version of shrimp- so who knows what went into it.  The grilled chicken vermicelli noodles on the other hand was perfect!  Fresh lettuce, bean sprouts, peanuts, noodles, chicken and a few other goodies are all in a bowl with a light sauce to mix it all together.  VERY filling, but not too heavy.  Perfectly satisfying!My kids love the fried rice (not greasy at all unlike other places that serve fried rice), and the orange chicken.  Just stay away from the weird shrimp thing.  They DO use fresh (REAL) shrimp in their fried rice, spring rolls and other dishes, so it was a shock to get something so different.  Otherwise EVERYTHING I've ever had there has been awesome!  And the couple who own it are super nice.Happy eating at this yummy and authentic Vietnamese restaurant!
5	Let's see:  I've been here two days in a row and I really really like it!! Pho with brisket is super yummy AND the eggrolls are delicious!  The broth is just the way I like it:  mild and not too pungent because I like to add the hot & hoisin sauce to my liking.  It's a perfect lunch especially on a cold rainy day.      What a treat to have Saigon Nites in north Scottsdale.  It's truly a gem hidden in one of the most obscure centers, the food is good, and the service is excellent.  They took a chance to offer exotic cuisine in NoSco and I hope people try it out b/c it was pretty much empty when I was there both times.  I highly recommend it!!
4	I've never had a bad meal here.  It's a low key family owned joint with courteous service.  Everything is fresh and tastes like something your vietnamese grandmother would make (assuming you had a grandmother and she was vietnamese) ;)  Try it.  It's a Scottsdale gem.
3	** Review for PHOI had their steak Pho and was immediately greeted by a plate of wilted basil, wilted bean sprouts, 1 little lime and no jalapenos.  Not a good start.  The Pho itself was "ok" but nothing special.  The meat was very sparse and very small pieces and the Pho portion in it's entirety was pretty small for the $7 price tag.  The broth was, again, just "ok" and didn't stand out as "awesome" or "great".
2	I just tried this place based on the reviews on here but I was disappointed. No ambiance, though that's not always a bad thing. The staff was courteous but the food left lots to be desired. The spring rolls,  which I always look forward to at Vietnamese restaurants, were wimpy. The pho was ok,  nothing special. I had to ask for cilantro on the side. I'd come here again if I was really craving pho and didn't have time to go anywhere else.
4	Excellent fresh food.  If you're a fan of both meat AND veggies, you'll probably like this place.  Exquisite veggie spring rolls (they're not fried).  Excellent main dishes.  Legendary Pho.  (Pho is a Vietnamese soup, it's not like 'Funky mo-pho')
4	She's back, my inner Vietnamese woman and boy was she hungry! We were driving down the 101 when she suddenly took over and exited the freeway. I could feel her start from my tummy she was on a mission. Soon we were in front of Saigon Nights; a modest family owned place in North Scottsdale. It was the perfect choice since they have some of the tastiest Vietnamese in North Scottsdale, well; it's the only Vietnamese in North Scottsdale.Tearing into the menu she ordered Edamame ($3.99). Being a super food she knows that it's good for her figure as well as her mouth. The young soybean pods are steamed then lightly salted just put one between your lips and pull. The tender soybeans simply shoot out into your mouth the taste is salty and the texture creamy, you can't go wrong with this healthful treat. Keeping with the lighter side she ordered the Grilled Pork & Egg Roll Vermicelli Noodles ($7.99). This is more of a salad with its ample portion of rice noodles with lettuce, bean sprouts, cucumber, and cilantro topped with crushed peanuts and grilled pork chop. Served along side is a bowl of prepared fish sauce which is sweet and salty but not fishy.  This combination not only satisfies her hunger but understandably calms her down. She rests now, her cravings eased for the time being but for how long? Nobody knows.
5	Very nice family owned restaurant. They are always polite and friendly. They remember regular customers and make a point to come over and say hello. They prepare and serve authentic Vietnamese food and everything on the menu is delicious. I recommend the Pho over anything but honestly, you can't go wrong.  The prices are right. The place is always clean. It is a great place! It is tucked away in a random shopping center, but trust me, it is worth the trip!
5	When it comes to Vietnamese food. I'm definitely a pho lover. I have to say after going to this restaurant. Their food was un-pho-gettable!
5	My daughter and I got a recommendation from our nail tech at Scottsdale nails. WE LOVE VIETNAMESE FOOD and I was so glad to find this place. It is as good as what I used to get in Oakland, CA. The location is a little strange but once you are inside the interior is nice and tranquil and the service is very friendly. We enjoyed our noodle soup and spring rolls and we will be back for more!
5	I've eaten A LOT of Pho around the country and have never had better.It's the only thing I've tried here, but with soup that good, why try anything else.The owners will also customize your soup as per request.My wife loves the Pho and is a fan of the lemongrass tofu EXTRA SPICY!The spring rolls are amazing.  Again, the best I've had.
1	What a disappointment.  This review is based on the veggie spring rolls and steak pho which are the most basic meals. Maybe I'm just spoiled living in san francisco where the restaurant foods are excellent. In any case for whatever it is worth: the rolls were fresh, i liked that. then the waiter brought one dish of sprouts w/ basil. Normally if two people order pho you each get a plate. We asked for another plate and the waiter said more? like he didn't get  why. i'm not sure. then the pho came. each bowl had two small slabs of thick steak, the 'broth' was tasteless.  We will definately not go back, definately not authentic. I'd give it 1 star but because the rolls were fresh,i give it two.
3	Not as good as we hoped. Maybe we just didn't order the right things. It was lunch, so I had the papaya salad. I know... probably not even Vietnamese, but it was just OK. Hubby's pho was also just OK. We'd be willing to try it again. Next time, hopefully a more adventurous menu selection will also be more exciting.
4	I eat a LOT of pho, it's one of my favorite foods... and in the North Scottsdale area, there isn't any better pho available. I like the pho here not just for the broth, but for the fact that they leave in all the good stuff (the tripe and the tendons) that the other nearby pho place leaves out.Saigon Nites is GREAT. I come here pretty regularly since I found it, particularly for the special pho, but there are plenty of other great dishes available. My other favorite standby is a dish called Shaken Beef, which consists of beef strips served sizzling, fajita-style, along with onions, green peppers and string beans... SO GOOD! The spring rolls are great, and a good friend of mine swears by their curry, in fact he says it's the best in the area.They can get kind of busy so the kitchen gets backed up around lunch time, and the prices are a little high, but it fits in with the area so that isn't really a issue.
4	Home of the hottest curry I've had to this date! Now when I say that it's hot, I mean really, really hot! I love spicy food and I'm always trying to see just how much I can handle. The first time I had the curry here, I cried a little. It was so hot and delicious all at the same time! Saigon Nites also has some of the best pho that I've had in the valley. Their Pho Ga is fantastic and their Special Pho is made right, tripe and all!Now the people running this place are the real reason that I always stop in. The service is usually amazing (unless they are swamped; it happens) and they are always very welcoming. This is the kind of restaurant that if you go in often enough, they will remember what you get and if you order it a special way.When I find myself craving some good pho or curry on my lunch break, Saigon Nites always delivers a quality experience.
4	My first visit, and it was for lunch. The back page lunch menu was sparce. I ordered the crispy half conish hen. I was hoping for some decent fried chicken. Much better than decent, $7 with rice. The place was half filled, service was good. I'll be back for dinner at some point.
5	This place has excellent food! I went here with 3 others, we all loved it! I had the bahn xeo and it was delicious. We are totally going back here.
4	Located off Hayden just S of Costco and N of Raintree Rd on the East side of the road. The parking lot is a little scary but there is a decent amount of parking. I called and ordered Pho soup for pickup and they said it would be ready 5-10 mins. When I arrived it was being wrapped up in the back. The man at the desk was very nice. They do delivery through a delivery company but they charge by distance I believe.The inside was very cute. The pictures make it look a lot fancier than it is, but most Vietnamese places are hole in the walls, so this was definitely a step up from that. When I got the soup home it was still warm. Not hot or cold which was great. I added everything into the broth and the basil aroma just filled my kitchen. They did include a fork, spoon and chop sticks which was great. The flavors were all there but it definitely could have had some more basil, noodles and sprouts personally. I don't hold this against them though because delivery is always a little different than on location.I will definitely be returning! The price was great and the menu had plenty to chose from! They have been around since 2005 and definitely deserve to stay around!!
4	I've been dreaming about Saigon Nites ever since I went there some weeks ago.  hmm, what do you feel like?  Saigon Nites I chime!  We shared fried shrimp wontons, they were 'eh', I probably wouldn't get them again.Shrimp Pho, simple and mild, yet tasty!Saigon Nites Walnut Shrimp, OMG!  I thoroughly enjoyed this.  It's a little...different.  It's pretty sweet, so sharing is a good idea.Mmmmm, YUM!!!
3	In North Scottsdale, it can be hard to find authentic independently owned restaurants that won't cost you an arm and a leg.  Saigon is one of those rare gems where you can get decent Vietnamese for a fairly decent price.  Their menu though, seems to be a hybrid of Vietnamese with other types of Asian cuisine.  We ordered a few dishes to go, and some dishes were definitely better (and more Vietnamese tasting) than others.  The best entrees we had were probably the papaya salad and the vermicelli noodles- both very fresh tasting and flavorful.  The scallops in black bean sauce were more of a Chinese style dish, and the scallops themselves were a little tough, served with an anemic amount of veggies (just green pepper).  The lemongrass chicken was good, but my favorite lemongrass chicken so far is at Khai Hoan, where it is more saturated with flavor.If I am in the area again and am craving Vietnamese food, I'll probably head over and try some more of their Vietnamese dishes.
3	I'm only at 3 stars on this one, but I'll be going back to see if it improves. Recently I popped in here to meet two friends who are big fans of this restaurant.  There are things to love, certainly, but it's not as good as some other Vietnamese restaurants in the Mesa/Gilbert/Chandler area.  Here are my impressions for my initial visit:Clean and friendly, this is always important.  Service was only so-so with my lunch coming quite awhile in advance of the others.  I ordered the sugar cane shrimp with vermicelli noodles (lunch special).  This is a kind of pink day-glo meatball thing stuck on a bit of sugar cane.  Strange.  It came on a bed of vermicelli noodles with some shredded lettuce but without the promised cucumber.  Served with the usual daikon/carrot dressing.  Bit of a rip off for $6.95. One companion had the chicken with fried rice (she had ordered orange chicken - it was definitely orange-colored but not orange-flavored).  It must have been some sort of dwarf chicken or had shrunk in the frying process. She picked at it without finishing very much of it.  The other friend had the beef pho (ordered without the tripe, nicely omitted by request).  He dumped quite a few hot pepper flakes into it and declared it delicious (we took turns mopping his brow).  It certainly looked tasty.So a mixed success this time.  I'll definitely try again, it seems to be the only Asian restaurant in the area and certainly worth a second chance.  Update coming...
5	Great place! Great lunch specials. I pretty much rotate between the sandwiches, pho and vermicelli noodles. The best spring rolls! Great people too.
3	Very nice and clean establishment...friendly staff...and fairly fast service. My wife loves Banh Mi sandwiches....the pork one of course...LOL. So we stopped here friday night after having ice cream and my wife seemed fairly pleased with her sandwich. I am not a fan of Vietnamese food...but the owner of the place works in the same building i do....man the world is a small place.So anyway they gave us a 10%  coupon off dinner on our next visit. Be advised though if your not spending more than $8.00 they won't take credit for payment.  So if you a fan of this cuisine...look no further than Saigon Nites. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
1	Definitely not a place for an intimate dinner with your wife or partner. There was no music, in fact the only sound in the place was the conversation at the other table and the Lego's falling to the floor from the child playing at one of the tables in the back. Someone decided to turn on cartoons somewhere in the back of house (I'm not big on cartoons, but I think it was Sponge-Bob), so the music was finally turned on to drown out the sound of the television. The spring rolls were decent, but the sauce was bland. My vermicelli was watery and flavorless. My wife's said her pork tasted like Kix cereal, which I hope was not their intention.I love Vietnamese coffee, but decided to skip it because no one came back to check on us -not that there would have been room at the table. Not a single plate had been cleared since we began. I had to get up to get my check.
4	I just had a fantastic lunch at Saigon Nites. Right from the start, I had a feeling it would be good because there were THREE different types of hot sauces already on my table when I sat down. A sriracha, a plastic ketchup bottle containing "fresh hot sauce", and a little white bowl of chili oil. A great start in my book. The restaurant was busy, as was the wait staff. All three employees were doing triple duty taking turns serving patrons, cooking, and keeping an infant occupied with toys and a laptop in the corner of the room. This gave the place a kind of homey feel, a subtle assurance that the food will be authentic, possibly based on generational family recipes. The service was fast, friendly and informative. After ordering the chicken pho, one of the servers quickly brought me a plate of fresh basil and bean sprouts. As a pho novice I stopped the waitress and asked how to properly eat the pho with all of these wonderful ingredients on my table. She kindly told me when the soup comes out I should put the sprouts and basil in the broth, as much as I like. She explained that most Vietnamese usually put sriracha in their pho, however, she prefers the chili oil. When the pho arrived I basically put the kitchen sink in there. I started out with the sriracha on one side of the bowl and chili oil on the other. Tasting each side before co-mingling the spicy goodness. It was fantastic. The noodles couldn't be better. There was a bit of gristle in one of the pieces of chicken, but it's not a big deal for a $7 lunch. Tip - if I had to do it over again, I would probably skip the sriracha and use about a tablespoon of chili oil. I think I over did it and the strength of the hot sauces eventually overwhelmed the balanced simplicity of the original flavors. Another example of Saigon Nites authenticity.... If you look hard enough, the menu has a little section of "French" sandwiches with pickled daikon. As a history buff (see - French Indochina) this little nugget of information has me quite intrigued and now I know what to order next time. I left feeling glad that this restaurant is so close to where I live and work. I definitely plan on coming back... often.
3	This is the best Pho I've had in Scottsdale!  Now, as far as Pho goes, it's mediocre. The broth is good, but the quantity is small and price high!  It's seems as if they are scared to give you a good sized portion of noodles and meat. I get irked when I sped over $8 for Pho and I'm not stuffed. I think they do try hard here, but get away with the poor sizing and simple taste because they can!  The staff is attentive ms friendly. Overall, give it a shot and order extra noodles and meatballs to get full!
5	I am a huge fan of Saigon Nites. A friend and I regularly eat here (once weekly) and we have NEVER had a bad experience. The Steak Pho is amazing. Typically when I Have Pho I load it up with hot sauces, chili oil, etc...not at Saigon! Their Pho is ready to rock and roll the second it leaves the kitchen. Two thumbs way up!
3	I stayed in north Phoenix and didn't want to drive to Chandler for Pho so I found Saigon Nites on Yelp. Being from So Cal and having so many choices I was reluctant going to have Pho in Scottsdale but it was convenient. I ordered the special Pho with beef, tripe, meat balls and tendon. The bowl was $7.99 and the flavor was decent but I guess I'm spoiled with Pho from San Gabriel and Westminster. I did notice that the meat balls were soft and not firm like the ones I usually eat. The bowl was a decent size and satisfied my soup craving for the evening. Saigon Nites accepts Visa and MasterCard with a minimum of $7.50
3	I've had better Pho. Our soup came out "warm", not hot. Veggies didn't even welt because the broth was luke warm. We had to ask for the veggies that go in the soup.  The crispy rice noodle dish was VERY good. I will be back because I believe in second chances.
4	Nice family run restaurant. Fresh ingredients well prepared. Love the spring rolls - loaded with fresh herbs and shrimp. Pho - well done. Good noodle dishes and most entrees shine as well. I prefer this place for lunch or carryout, it is very quiet at dinner time, food is still very good - but the overall ambiance is somewhat depressing.
3	I've been here twice.  Prices are okay... I like my Vietnamese on the less expensive side, but we are up in N. S'dale so the location probably adds to the tab.  Anyhow... went with my husband the first time... had a fantastic dish with chicken and shrimp in a brown sauce with pan fried noodle squares...wish I had taken a picture... but wow... yum and a textural experience you can't really describe, okay, maybe someone could describe it but I'm tired tonight and I don't want to get into it.  Told my sister about it... we went there... she also yelped on the same matter... Pho was warm, almost luke-warm when we got it.  Basil didn't wilt in the soup.  Not a good thing at all.  Service was slow, but as expected as it's family owned and the place was full. There is somewhat of a language barrier with ordering...  for the most part...MOST of the order came out right... but we had to ask for alot of things that should've just been done already.  So, I have to give this place 3 stars.. 1st time there..PHO was hot.  2nd time there PHO was not.  I would still def plan on going back there... but's it's not my first preference of Vietnamese in the valley.  I do however hope good success to this restaurant, I think if they got things tuned in right... this place could be a hit in North Scottsdale.
5	HUGE bowls of pho for about $7. The chicken pho is some of the best I've had.
2	What I ate here:- Fried rice: great portion and very good!- Spring rolls: NOT GOOD- Tapioca: was more like a dessert smoothie? It was good, but I would like something that I could have with my mealI would come back here, but it would need to be amazing for me to return again for a second time!
4	Over all good food and service. Its not the best but makes for a great lunch if you're locel. I go here couple times a month.
4	Great place for lunch and I go there most weeks at least once.
1	Wow, I haven't ever had Vietnamese food that wasn't at the least ok. With enough sriracha, sambal, and fish sauce, you make just about anything taste good enough to eat. Unfortunately, all the sauces, garnishes, and prayers couldn't help me at Saigon Nites. It's not so much that it's flavorless food here, it's just funky.I couldn't tell if my pho was rancid, but it tasted that way. The appetizer sampler platter was nothing but "from the box" frozen selections most likely created by some giant corporation in Nebraska and intended for the frozen food section at your local grocery store. On a positive note however, my tab for soup and frozen "delicacies" only dented my cash roll 52 bucks....WTF???
3	I've had pho and some other dishes here before. I'm not a super elitist Asian person who complains about authenticity, so I guess my review isn't very interesting. The chicken pho was okay, but there's something about the noodles that isn't right. They seem flavorless. The fried rice was fried rice - it wasn't weird/dry and there was a lot of rice and it had flavor and there was chicken/shrimp in it. I've also had the bok choy with ginger, which I liked, and bahn xeo / rice crepe.The rice crepe, I had no idea how to eat, and actually got as a take out order. It was pretty strange to see an entire bag of green leaves come with your meal. But my Real Vietnamese Friends who live in California and have parents who cook Real Vietnamese Food for them all of the time helped me figure out how to eat it. I thought it was pretty good.Overall, food is inoffensive, staff/service is nice.
5	chicken pho and veggie spring rolls? oh, yeah baby
1	Came again during a non-busy period, pretty much got ignored. The owners children ran around screaming the whole time. No refills, no one checked on me, had to go and ask for the check myself.
3	The location offers a convenient source of Pho when I don't want to drive as far south as Noodles Ranch.  The atmosphere has a bit to be desired as the interior of the restaurant is very plain and inexpensively furnished.  The veggie spring rolls are generally quite fresh and come with the standard peanut sauce.  The veggie Pho here, though, is really just rice noodles with tofu (because I asked to add this) without anything like broccoli or bok choy as Noodles Ranch serves.  Saigon does offer the same plate of bean sprouts, thai basil, and cilantro, and the Pho generally tastes good but is not the best I've ever had. I also made the mistake of ordering a glass of wine here when my husband and I dined here one evening.  Now, I realize that this is not the type of place that would even have a wine list and was not surprised that my options were basically house red or white wine by the glass.  What I do expect, though, is that if a place is going to serve wine, that they at least have enough taste to discard wine that has been opened for a week or more, which was the case with the glass of white wine that I was served.  It literally tasted like vinegar and I didn't drink it.I've stopped in to pick up take-out orders several times and am somewhat concerned about the overall cleanliness of this place which makes me wonder a bit about what the kitchen is really like.  Twice now when the staff has brought out my order and placed it on one of the tables near the cash register, when I walked over to the table to retrieve my order after paying, my shoes literally stuck to the floor.  I don't mean that it kind of felt like something may be on the floor, I mean that while wearing sandals, my shoes almost came off when I tried to take a step because the floor had a stickiness factor equivalent to that of duct tape.  Now that I've noticed that, I would be a bit reluctant to dine in again since I am definitely a cleanliness freak when it comes to restaurants and just knowing that the floor isn't clean would really creep me out to eat there.
4	Growing up in Canada I had alot of exposure to multicultural foods. Vietnamese food is my favorite! Upon moving to Arizona I realized that due to a smaller Vietnamese populace that finding a great Vietnamese restaurant was going to be tricky.. I was lucky to find a few however they weren't too authentic. Which brings be to Saigon Nites! When I first walked in I noticed the owner's family was in the restaurant and to me this is a good sign as so many Vietnamese families are close knit which can mean one thing: Great family recipies!!I ordered the beef pho and I was blown away! the broth was savory and clear which is a great thing. The spices of the Pho were on point to perfection. Everything about my meal was 10/10. I love this place and will return again!Thank you Saigon Nites!
4	My wife, daughter and myself had a really enjoyable meal here at Saigon Nites. My initial yen was for the Pho... but we all decided to share a few of the other entrees... and we went for the Beef Stew and a noodle dish.But dishes were really, really good! The stew was very "brothy" (more like a soup)... but the abundant beef was falling apart tender. The prices are really reasonable.We will be back!
5	One of my favorite dishes in pho. Chicken pho. And the chicken pho here is unbelievable.  The broth is so flavorful and savory; I could eat it all by itself without the noodles or anything.  But, the noodles are delicious too so I am glad that they are in the stock.  I don't even add any sriracha or hoisen sauce or anything because the soup is perfect as it is. And I love that this place is in a little strip mall and owned by a local family.
4	great vietnamese noodle here in scottsdale. if you don't want to drive to camelback (other pho place). this place will satisfy your craving for pho.they don't have much of other vietnamese food, I think because in this area they don't have much of vietnamese. so if you just want pho, this place will do. if you want other vietnamese food. you have to go to other vietnamese restaurant.
1	It so hurts me to write this review.  This restaurant is family owned and are the nicest people you ever want to meet.  I had been away for a few months and upon return decided to go to one of my favorites--Saigon Nites.  You don't understand how I felt about this restaurant. It was on my cell's speed dial!At dinner I ordered chicken PHO. As other Yelpers had complained, yes indeed, there was almost no chicken in the PHO.  There was an indication on the menu that you can pay extra for extra meat-- that should have been a clue as I never saw this before.  So if you add the surcharge for extra meat we are talking about $10 for PHO?  As I was sharing  the PHO with someone, I found myself having to remind the waiter that I needed two small bowls. An oversight?  In the past, it was done as a matter of course.  We told our waiter that  we wanted our food spicy.  "How spicy?" he asked. We said very spicy. 9 out of 10. Clearly, we like our food spicy.  We ordered Shaken Beef and Lemongrass Chicken.  When these two dishes arrived at our table, they were covered (and I mean COVERED) with red pepper flakes.  Yes, red pepper flakes like the ones you find in a pizzeria to put on your pizza.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  I called the waiter over and told him I had never seen something like this.  I said usually there are Thai peppers or other spicy peppers infused into the dish to render the dish spicy.  He told me that's what they do it now.  I also asked about the Lemongrass in the Lemongrass chicken.  No lemongrass  to be found.  The waiter told me it was there inside the dish.  I should have brought my magnifying glass.  I had eaten the dish before at Saigon Nites and there were shoots of Lemongrass evident in the dish.  In addition, in both dishes the meats were overcooked and dry. We made no further comments, ate the food and left.  How disappointing that one of our favorite restaurants has died.  I truly understand that in this economy that have to cut down on expenses, but cutting down on chicken in the PHO?  I can buy chicken for 79cents a pound and I imagine that they can get a better price.  Lemongrass is expensive, but if it's that pricey you are better off taking it off the menu that disappointing your clients.  I hope that the owners read this review, take heed and make some changes so that some of us who loved the restaurant so much in the past can return.
4	Despite (or maybe because of) the hilarious 'PHO chicken shortage' review, we tried Saigon Nites. We both had noodle bowls and some appetizers. My wife also tried a 'boba' drink... Which is pretty much bubble tea everywhere else. The food was excellent across the board. I highly recommend it!
3	I've been here twice now and I'm just not that impressed with the flavor of the food here. And it seems a bit pricey for what you get. Will give the place another try as there are not that many Vietnamese restaurants in this part of the town.
4	I was a little skeptical about this place, especially after my wide range of Pho experiences, but Saigon Nites does Pho, and they do it WELL.The first few minutes were a little awkward...was I expected to wait for the waitress or seat myself?  I opted to wait politely, but I found others boldly walking in and seating themselves.  Despite this little mishap, the service is great. My food came out quickly and the waitstaff stopped by a couple times during the meal. Spring rolls and hot tea are necessary components of the Pho experience.  The jasmine tea was flavorful without a hint of bitterness.  The shrimp spring rolls were a hit; I loved the ratio of rice noodles, greens (basil and lettuce) and shrimp--not too many noodles and plenty of the good stuff.  The peanut sauce was perfection. Better bring an appetite--the portions are gigantic!  I was promptly presented with a steaming bowl of chicken pho and I tossed in the heaping plate of bean sprouts and basil.  I'm not a fan of raw sprouts, but they come to life upon meeting the piping hot broth.  The broth had good flavor and body without being excessively oily or salty. If you're not feeling Pho, there are plenty of Chinese items--lemon chicken, sesame chicken, beef and broccoli, chow mien, egg rolls....The list goes on and on. All around a tasty, reasonably priced establishment.
5	I just have two words... Pho PhridayThe boys from the office and I have been coming here for a couple years now... every Phriday... we get a diet Pepsi and the chicken pho with extra noodles (add $1). If they didn't have Scottsdale rent, the pho might be a dollar or two less, but gall-dangit I can get good pho in Scottsdale and I don't give a shank about the price!!!I don't even need a menu any more. You might want to try something else, but if you need a pho phix - and you know who you are - stop in, seat yourself, and get into some love... "I'll take the pho, extra noodles, diet pepsi." Snap.PS have a pressed coffee if you feel sassy.
3	Saigon Nites is one of the few Pho joints on the North side of town.I ordered me a bowl of Pho as usual, but I think the waitress made sure I knew what I was ordering, so she repeated and asked "Beef Noodle Soup" ... Yes, "Beef Noodle Soup".  I forgot I'm in N. Scottsdale where culture can be lacking at times.  I'll have me a bowl of Asian man soupy stuff and some noodles - wink! I also ordered some ice coffee with condensed milk - can't have Pho without one of these drinks. Overall, the Pho is okay. I'm somewhat of a Pho Nazi and this didn't really past the test.  My ice coffee was excellent - Why?  It was served just right!  Not too strong and not too lite.  I'm really used to having it strong and simmering it off with some water to weaken it.  Not today my friends!  Service and ambience is okay.  I really enjoy the Vietnamese art here especially the portraits of the Ao Dai...Girls in Ao Dai - oh my! - Enjoy!
1	I've thought about this before writing this because of being a small business owners and understanding that maybe the owners and staff just had a bad day.  I didn't want to write this because everyone is entitled to their own opinion of services and food and didn't want to damage another business reputation with just my opinion. So here it goes.My son and I go here to eat all the time because it's convenient instead of having to drive all the way out to Phoenix or Mesa for really good Pho.  It's good, not great by any means but could be great if you just don't know anything about Pho.  However, the service here is the worst I've ever experienced.  I know that Pho places really aren't known for service but this place is just rude.  Try Unphogettable in Mesa so you can see what good food and service is about and you will know what I mean about rude here.I've just always put up with it because it's just typical of Pho restaurants.  So, headed back to work, my friend asked me to pick up an order to go for her.  After waiting for about 20 minutes after we were done eating for the to go order even though we placed the order when we ordered our other food too, the order came back wrong.  I told the pregnant owner what our correct order was.  She placed the order by the registered and left us there hanging.  After another 20 minutes, I asked for the order again.  She said they are too busy and have decided not to correct the order.  I asked her why she didn't tell me and would just make me sit there and wait.  No answer other than that she is too busy to deal with it.  So, I pay and put under the tip line none because poor service.  Actually wrote that in so that they won't write in their tips, which they have done once before on me. I reconciled my statement over the weekend and pull out my receipt.  Apparently, I have now also been charged the to go order even though I didn't take it.  Called and she answered and argues with me that I took the order.  This is ridiculous.  We are not some scam artist or willing to lie over some $9 order.  Tried to explain to her that we did not but she just hung up the phone on me.  Wow!!  Talk about hormonal...
3	After returning from Asian food mecca (the golden coast) my sister found herself with a hankering for some Thai iced tea with boba.Research led us to Saigon Nites, and they did not disappoint! In fact, she got a refill, and if anyone's had a Thai iced tea before... that's some serious biznis in the form of condensed milk. Add boba, and you're at about a 1,000 calories, but, like a true warrior, she downed 'em both.We also had the green papaya salad with shrimp and an order of fried rice, and neither was particularly impressive. The sauce/spices/flavor on both were pretty bland, and the shrimp didn't seem all that fresh. On the plus side, the fried rice came in an ogre portion size, so if you're looking for value, this dish will leave you with leftovers for days.It may be a sit-down restaurant, but in future, we'll be gettin' boba tea to-go.
1	I really wanted to like this place. It had decent Yelp reviews and the employees were Vietnamese. The waiters were surly just as I hoped so I thought it would be authentic. The food was expensive, bland, and questionable. I ordered beef curry and I'm positive they tried passing off pork as beef. The curry broth was water and lacked spice or depth. I also ordered stir fried pho i.e. chow fun, but when it came out it was more like stir fried bean sprouts. The dish was 40% bean sprouts and 60% noodles. The shrimp was overcooked and extremely tough.If you're White and still call Asian food Oriental you might enjoy this place.
3	Ok,  Not great, but ok.  Hey it's Scottsdale not the Bay Area.  Prices are not bad for Scottsdale $8.99 for pho, 4.99 for Goi Cuon,  portions are medium or small in a hard core Pho shop.  But, Once again it's Scottsdale.  I would eat here before I drove 15 miles to the closest other place.  I'm a fan of pho "pronounced fu as in fun"  Goi Cuon had decent flavor with mint, lettuce, rice noodles, pork and shrimp.  Peanut sauce was so so but spice it up with hoisin and shriracha.  Had the combination pho.  had soft tendon, tripe, meatballs, fatty brisket, rare beef.  It was acceptable.  As other review stated only got 1 piece of lime and no Jalapenos.  I did not ask for more just used the hot sauce.  broth was acceptable,  it could be a lot better but it was sufficient.  Not a lot of anise flavor I'm used to.  All and all I would eat there again if I'm near the place.  Would not drive far just to eat there.
5	Very good. My wife and I stopped by randomly on our way back and had beef pho and veggie pho. I eat large portions and this is the first time ever I didn't finish a bowl of pho. If in the area we will stop again for sure.
2	The pho was so so,  but nowhere good as the pho in Tempe, Chandler, Mesa, and Phoenix. A dollar or two more expensive than I'd really like.  Also my friend ordered the combo pho and I ordered the beef and brisket pho w/ the large size upgrade and when they came out they were the same size.  They ended up costing about the same.  The server said the combo always comes in the larger sized bowl,  but why wasn't there any mention of this in the menu?  Felt slightly cheated. It was very clean inside though a rare thing in the five places I like to get my pho though.
5	Just as we walked in we knew it would be great!  The scent of homey broth, cilantro and lemongrass tickled our olfactory glands into hyperdrive!  We had an array of condiments on the table to choose from but the spicy chile sauce was the best, not overly hot but pungent and satisfying.  The pineapple biba was ridiculous!  The tapioca was still warm, the pineapple icy and frothy and it was just the tastiest ever!!!! I generally dont go for boba.  Most have gelatinous balls of goo that are chewy and gross.  These were soft and perfect.  Our Pho was fantastic!  Just the right amount of coriander, cilantro and lime.  We will definitely be coming back!!
5	Always a pleasure dining at Saigon Nites. The service is fast and friendly, and the pho is the best you can find in the Scottsdale area (beats driving down to Tempe or Mesa for a good bowl of pho). Be sure to try the shrimp spring rolls, they're a fresh and tasty appetizer before your soup.
3	Been here a few times.  My friend really loves the Pho, so I go with her.  I have ordered other dishes and they were good.  Guess I would give it 3+ stars.  Just can't seem to get too excited about the place.  Not sure why.  Lunch twice, dinner once.
4	The prices are a tiny bit higher than other vietnamese places but that probably has more to do with location and rent than profit. I've tried the curry, fried rice, and pho and all three I have had no complaints with. The management is really friendly as well, the place seems like its run by a family.
4	I'm pretty impressed!  I'm also a little embarrassed that I live just a couple of miles from Saigon Nites and never knew it was there, especially since I've grabbed dinner a few times from the Indian place next door.  After watching an episode of Anthony Bourdain's show, I was hankering for some pho, and a quick search on Yelp told me this was my nearest location.  It doesn't look like there are a ton of options for Vietnamese food in North Scottsdale, but the reviews were mostly good, so off I went.  Even though I blew out a tire on the way there and not-so-smartly drove on the wheel, I still got there and ordered my Special Pho to go (hey, don't judge, they closed at 6).  After the spare was thrown on and a stop to the tire shop to get a new one, I was home about 90 minutes later with what I thought would be not-so-great-because-its-been-sitting-out-way-too-long pho.  Not so, my friend!  A quick zap in the microwave, a little assembly, and I had myself a pretty excellent bowl of dinner.  This was pretty tasty pho, even after the tire fiasco.  And the spring rolls!!  Wow, those had some serious flavor.  I'm so glad I objectively read all the reviews and decided to try it for myself.  I thought it was pretty great, and I'll definitely be back.
5	This place was very good, its always hard to find a good Vietnamese restraunt that has a decent amount of dishes on the menu. We went in around 2:30 and there was no one there so we were served very quickly, and the gentleman waiting on us was very patient with my mother and all her questions and indecisiveness (Is that even a word?). The pho was a good size and there were plenty of vegetables on the side. I loved how they give a nice amount of cilantro in the broth too. The chicken curry was also very good. The next time I visit Phoenix I will definitely come back.
4	I usually go there for the Pho, I have had all of there flavors.  From there specials, shrimp, steak and chicken they are all very good.  Please check it out if you are in the area!!
2	Really wanted to like this place as it's 5 minutes away and would have been nice to have a place this close to go to for my Vietnamese fix 3-5 times a week.   It wasn't meant to be though.  The food here is at best, average but closer to bland.  Had the PHO with Steak and meatballs and an order of Vegetarian Summer Rolls.  There was no option to get Brisket as a choice.  PHO portion was very small, especially for the price $7.99.  Barely any noodles in it.  The broth was also a little too sweet.   I finished the entire bowl and all of the soup because I was really hungry, and wasn't completely full after that, a first of PHO.The summer rolls (spring rolls) didn't actually come with any protein so we asked them to put some steamed Tofu too.  15 minutes later (not an exaggeration), we got the summer rolls with the pre-fried tofu that comes pre made in packs.  They also didn't include any of the normal vegetable filling that was suppose to come with it.  So basically rice paper, rice noddles (but not the thin vermicelli noddles) that were a little too thick, and lettuce / mint.  We had to wait another 10 minutes to get that.When we got the bill. that's when we noticed they charged us extra for the tofu, with no mention of that before.  So basically it cost $20 with tip to get 1 small bowl of Pho and one order of vegetarian summer rolls.  Well be skipping this eating option, thankfully there are a lot of options around here.  If the prices were reasonable, this place would be a 3 star  place, but for the price premium, not worth it.  If I'm desperate for Vietnamese right away, I might go here for a fix, but that would be about it.On the bright side, the staff / front of the house was really friendly and cheerful, which is why this place is 2 stars instead of 1.
3	I was excited to find this little restaurant 5mins from home and had wished it could be better so I can come often, but I was rather disappointed on the price and the amount of food it was offered. I had the grilled chicken rice vermicelli, and friend had the shrimp pad Thai with a small bowl of shrimp wonton soup, and a coke, total bill came to be $28 without tip. Really???... The flavor of the food is decent and I liked the little sweetness of the grilled chicken,however, I have to agree with other yelpers, portion is just small! Guess it won't be a regular cheap and quick run anymore.....
1	We went to this place with my family and I was so disappointed because the food is not even close to what the other yelp people were saying. If you don't know Vietnamese food maybe it's good. Price was too high and the portion was small. I ordered the combination platter and some of the portion in the menu is missing. I ask the owner or manager and he told me "oh we don't served that anymore".  If you don't serve that anymore take it out from the menu. But I paid for that portion because it's suppose to be included in the combination platter. Wife ordered the pho special and some portion mentioned in the menu was missing too. Grilled chicken come on!!! you  boiled the chicken and you put some char on it and you called it grilled. Smell the food you ordered from this joint like my grilled chicken was old maybe left over from yesterday. Wow, what a waste of money I spent at this place. The server is creepy and doesn't understand what we're saying. The soup is too sweet my wife only had few sips. Also, my sister ordered an egg roll and received a spring roll. They don't want to take the order back anymore so she just have to eat it.  I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
5	Stopped in to get the Vietnamese Sandwich because im a huge fan of it. Ordered the grilled chicken one. Amazing! Good amount of meat, veggies and warm the way it should be, One of the best ive had. I will be stopping by to get the Pho though one day soon, Loved the sandwich though!
5	If you like Asian food this is the place you wanna go. To bad the location is so bad because in any other spot this place would be poppin
3	Pho is pretty decent here. The broth is not terrible and there is plenty of meat in the soup.  I mean, its really hard to screw pho. Its also hard to make better than average pho. This place is in the middle. Service is pretty fast and the servers are friendly. So it's a good thing during busy times like lunch.Authentic pho. Good enough for me.
5	This is my favorite lunch spot in AZ...I don't care if its a 115 outside i still go in and dominate the pho...its the best pho i've had and the staff is great!
5	Went for dinner last night with my husband. Very good, very impressed. Fast service, spring rolls were vegan - very fresh and beautiful presentation, excellent sauces. Both of us had the tofu vermicelli - so delicious and again, beautiful presentation. We left with a boba tea for both of use- yummy! We will go back again as soon as!
4	Food is good here.  Today I ordered the shrimp wonton soup with noodles for about $9.  The wontons are a shrimp cake, which is really tasty.  The noodles were also nicely cooked.  With almost  zero ramen options in Scottsdale, this helps to bridge the gap a little.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Best spring(shrimp and pork rolls you will ever have)!! Delicate and contain plenty of herbs. There pho is very good, as well as their vermicelli dishes. What sets them apart is the freshness and attention to details! You may pay a little more, but it is Scottsdale.
4	Simply delicious! I love the noodle soup (Pho). I like the side plate the comes out with sprouts, fresh mint, and a lime wedge.The place is operated by a hard working family and each dish I have there reminds me I made a good choice coming in. The chairs are hard, and since I lost 40lbs. following a hospitalization, I really need a cushion. Perhaps I'd go with five stars if I was a little more comfortable.
4	So glad this place is right around the corner from me!The Pho is delicious as well as the egg rolls! Not in the mood to dine in? The take out is fresh and hot! Sometimes, it's even better than dining in just to be in the comfy, cozy atmosphere of home.
5	If you are looking for a spotless, tasty Viet restaurant then look no further. As you walk in the first thing you notice is the wonderful smells and the fact that you are in the cleanest restaurant in the Valley. They have a nice sized lunch menu with several varieties of pho. I ordered the steak and meatball pho. It was a nice size bowl of super tasty broth, tender noodles and very lean, tasty meat. My order came out fast and the follow up service was great. My iced tea was refilled without my asking and I was checked on several times by the server.
4	Best Pho ever! My favorite is the soup with rice noodles, chicken, fish balls & shrimp. Comfort food at its best. I love this place since I don't know of any other Vietnamese soup joint as good as this, in Scottsdale or phoenix.
5	Love this little family ran Vietnamese joint.  I live farther away but when I travel to north Scottsdale this is typically where I like to make it a point and go. Spring rolls, all the appetizers and soups are delish! You might be a little hesitant at first but once you order and take a bite you will be at ease. Also, if you are taking a first date here I dont suggest it. It is a very casual tiny place and is a cheaper menu so you may come off the wrong way. This place is more for a 2nd or 3rd occasion, when you want to show you know good hidden kept secrets in the area. If you're looking to be in and out stop in there.
3	Just like Yelp says, just A-Ok. Nothing terribly exciting about this place other than its the closest place to my work to get authentic Vietnamese. I came here on my lunch break on a Friday afternoon. The place was very quiet, but that's exactly what I was looking for during the hour of my day I had to relax. Upon seating, service was prompt. She took my order in about a minute as I knew what I wanted. I got the order of spring rolls for $4.99 (an order of 4) and the Chicken Pho $7.99. The spring rolls came out quickly, and were a tad bit small in diameter but needless to say they were really good. They weren't overly packed with rice noodles or lettuce and had a nice crunch to them due to the lettuce being fresh. There was also a decent amount of shrimp and pork in there, which makes it worth the $4.99. I ended up taking 2 home. The pho was pretty good. It had an aromatic smell and flavor, which is nice compared to some places that serve it as a steaming bowl of sodium with no flavor other than overpowering salt. The thing that kind of irked me about it is that for $7.99 there was hardly any chicken in it. And when I say hardly, I mean like about 6 quarter-sized chunks of chicken in a large bowl of broth and noodles. Not exactly the bang for my buck that I was looking for, but nevertheless it was still good. I ended up paying about $14.50 for lunch, which is a tad bit pricey in my honest opinion. Especially considering that places a little further would cost me under $10 for the same meal, and more chicken added to my pho. Oh well. Because they are close to me and the food was quite good, I most likely will be returning, however not as frequently as I would like because the prices are high especially for lunch.  Just as a side note, I understand that this is a family-owned business, which is always a plus. However, I really dislike the fact that the woman who was working the register/taking orders let her 1-2 year old daughter walk around the restaurant from table to table as people were eating.
5	Chicken Pho and Potstickers. Done and done! Oh and I'm Cuban, so the Vietnamese Iced Coffee is exceptionally strong, just the way I like it. This is my #2 fav for Pho spots in Phoenix. Luckily this is in Scottsdale and the other is in Mesa. So I'm allowed to have favorites in different cities ;) lol
4	Darn good Pho!
5	Had the Shaken Beef, Hot & Sour Soup and Chicken Pho. All delicious and good service.
4	I am a pho fan and theirs is more than fair! Flavorful spring rolls with peanut sauce, tender orange chicken, and a delicious house-made coconut water!Go and enjoy!
5	Absolutely awesome. This is one of my regular places. Always consistently good with friendly, smiling staff. Family owned and run, one cannot ask for a more friendly place with outstanding food. I have been frequenting Saigon Nites on a regular basis for at least two years and have never been disappointed with the food or the service. And it is consistent regardless of the day of the week or the time of day. Note: closed on Sundays.
4	Hidden gem with excellent pho!  It's hard to find good pho in the scottsdale area and this place is great!
1	Disgusting kitchen infested with roaches! Don't eat here! Dirty disgusting food!  I will never eat here again.  There was a bug in my soup and the woman owner yelled at me and claimed I put it there in order to get a refund. Wow, I must enjoy keeping bugs in my purse just to get free food. Needless to say, she didn't offer to remake food or refund.  I paid and walked out.
4	We have added this place to the normal rounds for lunch.  That's a big thing... If we are in the mood for 'soup"... easy choice... I've ordered a variety of dishes here and they don't disappoint.  Beef Stew with the red broth...very good.  My fave.  The fresh spring rolls are minty and flavorful.  All in all... I like.
3	I go here because it's close to my work but it would not be my go-to pho place if I had a choice.  The service is friendly, but I don't like that the owner keeps her baby at the restaurant and cries in the back kitchen area.  I get it, she doesn't have daycare, but then stay at home with the baby - her husband is already there and they have a staff that can man the place while she's taking care of her baby properly at home.  An infant or any child does not belong in a restaurant kitchen all day long. Moving on to the food - I'm not a vegetarian but the person I frequent this place with, loves their vegetarian spring rolls.  I'm actually pleasantly surprised by how tasty it is.  The rice paper is chewy and the veggies are fresh.I always order pho but not something on the menu - it's called pho tai gan sach.  Basically pho with rare beef and tripe.  Their pho there is tasty but never enough noodles and way too much broth - I guess they do that on purpose as you can order extra pho noodles for an extra fee.  Again, I'd eat here because it's decent and their wait staff is friendly and the food comes out fast.
5	Awesome food great prices. The Vietnamese curry dishes one of the best I've ever had. anyone that left less than five stars is insane.
5	Always good. I've never been disappointed here. One of the best vietnamese restaurants I've been to in the valley.
4	Great food. Great service. The atmosphere is nothing out of this world, but the restaurant looks and feels clean. This is one of the best places to go for authentic Vietnamese food.
5	Been coming to saigon nites for several years and we have no complaints.  The owners are very courteous to their regulars and the food is great.  I may not know authentic vietnamese cuisine but their food tastes good to me and that's all that matters.  Their thai ice tea is super delicious. It is so good with a hot bowl of steak pho :) As long as Saigon nites stays in business, we will be coming back.
5	Vietnamese crepe-huge and deliciousVietnamese pad Thai- unique and deliciousSaigon nites shrimp fried rice- perfectBeef vermicelli (dry)- tasted great Thai iced tea- homemade and not from a canCalamari appetizer- perfectly madeService- professional and friendly
4	I've been eating or getting takeout from this place for many years.  I've always been satisfied with the orders, lots of flavor.  The service has always been good.  I especially like the Shaken Beef, Lemongrass Chicken and the Chicken Pho.  Also the Spring rolls are good and they are not stingy with the shrimp in them.  I'm glad they are 5 minutes away.  It is also nice to support a family owned restaurant.  If someone wants to go for dinner last minute during busy season, this is a good standby as they will always have a table to accommodate you.
5	Hands down consistently the best pho I've ever had. Also one of the cleanest and best priced Vietnamese restaurants I've been in. No frills just great food.
5	We came in a group of 17 from Cali & they were able to service us!  This place can be as good as what we serve in Southern Cali! We had pho in various types (highly recommend the special), pork chop rice,  banh xeo & Bo luc lac (beef stir fry), everything was very good! Surely be back when we visit again!The place is next to Valero Gas station so can be easily spotted!
