4	The restaurant contrary to alot of chinese restaurant it is a very clean establishment.  They even have an open kitchen!!!!  but if u were looking for good servise, this might be the wrong place for you, we all know with most of the authentic asian restaurant "good servise" doesn't really go with their menu. (haha just kidding, but no really the servise was just okay).  You can see the chef making the noodles from scratch through a display window it is actually cool.  If you are looking for a real "hand pulled" noodle house, this is it!!
4	This is the most authentic CHINESE style ramen I've had in AZ. The best thing is that the noodle is made fresh. You can even see the chef toss/stretching the dough through the glass. The beef in the beef noodle soup is very tender, which is a plus plus in my book! The beef stew broth was also very flavorful. A bowl of noodles was only $7! I'll be going back real soon!
5	Woohoo!!! finally a really authentic Chinese noodle joint. I was lucky enough to get the info from my colleague on Friday, who saw it (where else) but in a Chinese bulletin board (damn my inability to understand mandarin properly). So couldn't wait to get to try it out. I must say it didn''t disappoint. It did take me some time to find it as it is hidden away in the East corner of the Lee Lee's complex (BTW this complex is AWESOME with a wide variety of Pho, Boba, Chinese and Fillipino eateries .. Heaven!!). I ordered the Beef noodle soup (with the pulled noodles). You get to see the kitchen chefs making the noodles in front of you; another good indication of freshness.  Yummy!, it was a more flavorful version of Pho with salted cabbage (one thing I really like). Next time I hope to try the Seafood noodle soup with some of the "marinated"egg.Caution: They do not take credit cards if you spend less than $10.
4	They have really nice hand pulled noodles, with various choices of soup broth, or sauce and ingredients based.  They make the noodles here themselves and it is its key ingredient.  I like their beef noodles soup which comes with broth and pieces of beef.  One complain which leads to their 4 star is the lack of pieces of meat.  Noodles aplenty but the condiments and meat are not enough.  I had only a few pieces of lamb with my lamb noodles soup.  Do order their combination appetizer plate which comes with pieces of cold cut meats.  Also, the wait is very long if u come on the weekends and during lunch time.  Remember to flag down a employee and get a number, its pretty chaotic with no one at the front, but U need a number so U can get a seat when they have one.  But I will be back, for sure, thanks to their good noodles and tasty broth.
4	----Update------Down to 4 stars from 5I'm still optimistic about this place even though of my 3 times here I saw the servers flubbing up the orders (one of them being mine). Additionally the beef slices (in the beef and oyster sauce noodle) was chewy, mostly due to using cheap cuts of beef(highly probable) and overcooking it (possibly). Of the dishes I tasted, the best is the Pork with Shaved noodles. The spicy beef tenders was a disappointment (its supposed to be Ma la) but didn't get any of the sichuan peppers numbing, on eating this.
4	This place is legit.   It's probably one of the few noodles houses in the Phoenix-area, unlike the myriad in California (which I so dearly miss).  I'm glad to see that the varieties of food are diversifying more and more now.Anyways, grabbed lunch here with my mom earlier.  I got the zha jiang mian/noodles with minced pork sauce and my mom ordered the beef with fried noodles in XO spicy sauce.  The prices were relatively reasonable and the portions were generous, as you'll see from the pictures uploaded.  We both stuffed ourselves pretty well and still had leftovers to take home.The dishes themselves were quite delicious, unlike anything else in Phoenix (at least in the East Valley).  The zha jiang mian/noodles with minced pork sauce wasn't too salty or overwhelming.  Just lots of thin noodles with ground pork with bits of garlic in a light brown sauce.  The dish was garnished with some green onions and raw cucumbers.  Definitely a good lighter dish.   The beef with fried noodles in XO spicy sauce was also quite appetizing, but a little on the oily side.  The waitress suggested we try the dish with the "shave noodles", which are hand-cut noodles that are wide, flat, and do not have a consistent shape unlike ordinary noodles.  The dish itself has a slight kick to it with some dried red chili peppers in it and contained a good helping of veggies and beef.  It even had a slight shiitake mushroom flavor to it, but there were no mushrooms to be found.  Either way, it was delicious.Overall, my experience at this restaurant was pleasurable and I'd recommend it to anyone else looking to try a more authentic, less represented style of Chinese food here in the Valley.*As an addendum: Food tends to come out quickly here so that is another big plus for this place.
4	I tried this place tonight and it was awesome. Had the shrimp with corn in curry sauce and I loved it. I'll definitly be back to try some other things!
4	Finally, an authentic Asian noodle house in town, I really hope they stick around for a long time.  I wouldn't see any problem if the line of people continue standing out the door waiting for a table on a Saturday night.  I had ordered their pan fried dumplings, but somehow they came out steamed. I had to request to take it back.  I normally don't like to refuse food; you never know what you end up.   As for the noodle dishes, the shaved noodles were okay, it wasn't what I expected.  I was thinking of thinker noodle in ball shapes instead of long strips.  It was sort of difficult to eat.  The beef noodle with lemon topped with garlic was delicious according to my Sis-in-Law.  It just doesn't look like an Asian dish.  The noodle with Minced Pork was the best.  However, I wish they had cut the noodles so it would be easier to pull by using the chopstick.  The beef tripe noodle soup wasn't bad either.  One thing is that they actually ran out of wontons.  WHAT?  Wonton and noodle are like bacon and egg.  How can you run out at a noodle house?  As for the service, we had friendly waitress, but very forgetful.  If you want to sit and enjoy a long meal, don't come on a Saturday night.  I felt the wait staff was rushing us out after we paid.  I know there are people waiting, but you can't rush people out like we didn't pay.  I didn't even get to finish my dumplings.  Boo Hoo!  I thought the guy making the noodles deserve more tips as he was entertaining the kids. Great babysitter as the parent dines.
4	The menu at China Magic Noodle House represents the school of thought that if you're going to make just one thing, it's got to be good. They pretty much only serve one thing -- noodles.Located in the Lee Lee shopping center in Chandler, the owners have done a great job of making the interior bright, clean and welcoming. Greeted with a smile, we were seated in the one of the generously sized booths, as if they knew about the feast we were going to order.On the farthest wall a large window provides a view of the kitchen where the magic happens. After you place your order, you're welcome to go to the window and watch the noodle master go to work. Each order is hand pulled, something that's amazing to witness. I was put into a foodie-induced trance while he twisted and beat the dough. The noodle master makes it look so easy, but it takes a ton of practice and skill honing.Wanting to attack the menu from all sides, we ordered a Chinese noodle feast. When the first dish arrived we knew we were in for a treat. The huge made-by-hand Pan Fried Dumpling ($4.95) was stuffed with seasoned minced pork. Alongside was a bowl of a vinegar-based dipping sauce, which brought a bright tang to each pork bite. I enjoyed the fact that the skin was thick since each bite was substantial and toothsome.The Hot Spring Beef Tender ($4.50) was kind of a surprise when it arrived. My impression when ordering this dish was that it would be tender sliced beef, but when it arrived it was a plate full of paper-thin slices of spiced marinated beef tendon. I love beef tendon, so it wasn't much of a problem. Our waiter explained that the tendon is tender, and pointed out that the Marinated Beef ($4.50) was sliced beef.There's a choice of five types of noodles, but we homed in on the hand-pulled version. They also offer wide noodles, shaved noodles, thick noodles and vegetable noodles.Noodles with Minced Pork Sauce ($5.50) offered chewy bites studded with green onion and little pieces of ground pork. The noodles did a great job of absorbing all of the flavors of the dish. I'd order this one again.Beef with Fried Noodles in XO Spicy Sauce ($7.95) is similar to a house lo-mein, but this was bursting with taste. The Spicy XO Sauce added a salty and savory dimension to the noodles and tender beef that was indeed spicy, but not overly so. If you need additional spice there is a jar of red chile oil on every table.I jumped at the chance to try their version of Homemade Lemonade ($2). Sweet and tangy, this is how good lemonade should be made. The Homemade Lemon Tea ($2) pretty much bests any other Arnold Palmer. Both drinks did a great job of cutting through the richness of the highly flavored noodle dishes.Similar to Vietnamese pho, Ox-Tail with Soup Noodles ($5.95) were so comforting, I can imagine these on a cold day warming your belly and your soul. The broth was complex and each bite of fall-off-the-bone tender ox-tail and chewy noodles were a joy to slurp.The only negative thing I can say about China Magic Noodle House is that they aren't closer to where I live, though on second thought, this might be a good thing.
3	Shaved noodles, shaved noodles, shaved noodles!  Am I too butt lazy if I only go for shaved noodles?  The dish ordered with the handpulled meant I had to hold chopsticks high into the air trying to separate a portion of noodles out onto our plates.  Not bad but wasn't special... but the shaved noodles, loved the chewy texture.  I unashamedly used my baby godson as an excuse to get a mini noodle pulling show at the window.I'm going to work my way thru the fresh fruit juice offerings...  I used to drink that daily while working as an expat in HK.  Speaking of which, the bathrooms are sooooo HK grand (Amy L, you and I think alike!)...Overall the stir fried dishes were a bit greasy and the flavors decent, but the draw here is the shaved noodles (can I plug this anymore?!) and the fresh fruit juice.
4	Wow!  I'm pretty impressed here.  First thing I notice about this place is that it looks like we're in China :)  Second, there is a  huge window in the back of the restaurant looking into the kitchen.  Yeah, this place makes their own noodles and the dude making it was pretty good and well skilled.  I always enjoy watching my food made from scratch; not to say it's scratch, but you get it....Prices are dirt cheap for what they're serving.  The food is good here and I can't say much more about it simply because I'm Chinese and it's Chinese food...eat it.  Service was good; poor waitress couldn't explain to me what Mae-Toh was, but thru some poor translation I declined to order it haha!  If it is what she said it is - I enjoy interesting food every now and then, but this time I gotta say no :)
4	Lunch with mom at the China Magic Noodle House, wow, I'm impressed! The flavor was very authentic. I had the Beef Stew Noodle Soup with a marinated egg and mom had Noodles with Minced Pork Sauce. Mine was really good, the broth was tasty and noodles were chewy.  They were very generous on the amount of beef stew in the bowl! Just the marinated egg was kinda cold, wish it could be warmer. Mom really liked hers as well, the sauce was really tasty, and the portion is BIG. And the price is really good!!! It's $13 for both of us including tax!Why are the noodles so good? They really make their noodles on site,  you can see how the chef hand-pulls the noodles through the window in the inner side of the lobby. Also, the restaurant is next the Lee Lee's supermarket, very convenient for majority Asians who go their for groceries.
2	noodles aren't chewy. sauce is mediocre.
5	Outstanding!  Places like this are a dime a dozen in Beijing or Monterey Park, but not so common here.  Big, hearty portions of hand-made noodles.  Dumplings the size of a fat plum, full of meat.  Grandpa making noodles by hand and dozing in a chair in between courses.  What's not to like?This is northern Chinese "stick to your ribs" style.  Nothing fancy but perfectly executed.  I love it, personally but some people here are apparently a bit less enthusiastic.    Just thinking about it makes me hungry.The display kitchen is a nice touch.Great value too.  A huge lunch for two and an extra order to go for later ran us about $24.
5	So we got carry out from here, and when I walked in it smelled funny and I was worried. I should have been, because the food was AMAZING! Shaved noodles in OX tail soup was to die for, as were the steam dumplings of heaven! My husband got the hand drawn noodles in XO sauce and just loved it. Really good price too! I recommend the shaved noodles myself for a yummy chewy noodle, but the hand drawn weren't anything to sneeze at.  I would like to eat in, you can watch the chef prepare the noodles which sounds fun!
4	OK, I'm somewhat between 3 stars and 4 stars on this.  I really want to like this restaurant a lot so maybe I will have to return again and try another dish.Positives:Price!!!!  Wow, the prices are amazing.  I got the hand pulled spicy noodle dish ($4.00), my boyfriend got the hand pulled pork noodles ($5.95) and we shared the pork dumplings ($4.95).The dishes provided rather generous portions (we ended up taking half of our meals to go).  The dumplings were quite tasty (approx 8 large dumplings)I got the passion fruit smoothie with boba which was quite good (I love bubble tea so much and this place is pretty legit).The restaurant was really clean and the window to watch the noodles being made was really interesting and ingenious!Negatives:My noodle dish just really didn't have a whole lot of flavor and was not even remotely spicy for being titled 'spicy noodles.'  All of the food was really rather greasy.  The sauce for the noodles was pretty much pure oil and the dumplings/sauce were pretty oily too (but still tasty).  I was just hoping for a bit of a cleaner feeling meal instead of heavy greasy food.  Maybe if I try one of the soup dishes next time I will have better luck!  The experience was overall a good one and I would like to try this place again, I was just a bit disappointed with the grease content of the foods which gave me a bit of stomach ache.  Regardless, this place is worth a shot!
5	I'm not easy to please, in fact I'm quite picky when it comes to food, but I have to give this restaurant 5 stars.  I could easily go for some China Magic right now, and I'm not even hungry!  This is a great little restaurant in an area full of tasty places to eat.  Kind of an Asian enclave in Mesa, near the great Asian grocery store, Lee Lee's.  This place faces Warner road and is directly across the street from the fantastic Lee Sandwiches, possibly the best (maybe only?) Vietnamese/French bakery in the area. But back to some China Magic, my friends.  Why do I like this place?  First of all the restaurant is clean and welcoming, which is essential.  I don't care how good the food is if the place is skanky, sorry.  Friendly and quick service.  Inexpensive.  They give you little dishes of boiled peanuts and pickled daikon and carrot before your meal.  I haven't worked out if these are appetizers or condiments, but who cares?  They are tasty!   Home-made noodles.  Have I got you yet?  HOME-MADE NOODLES.  The food is very basic, nothing crazy.  Delightful and satisfying, nice choice of vegetarian or meat entrees.  The specials board is worth a look as well, especially the Chinese greens, which are absolutely wonderful.  Probably my favorite Chinese vegetable, and here they are expertly cooked to perfection.  Oyster sauce is light and flavorful, not that goopy nasty stuff you probably know from your local Chinese take-out.You have your choice of noodles, as if you need that, as they are all wonderful.   The love doesn't stop with the food as they make lovely smoothies and drinks, with or without tapioca (sorry, reminds me of frog spawn).  The smoothies are made with soy milk, so even the vegan can get some joy at this place. Tip the noodle makers too, they deserve it!!
4	This was another one of those place where everyone tells you you must try out NOW...so I came here w/several friends for lunch last week.  The restaurant is pretty much standard Chinese hole-in-the-wall...nothing remarkable.  It wasn't packed but had a good lunch crowd there.  The waitress was also nice & polite and came by a couple of times to see if we were ready to order (since it was our first time, we didn't immediately know what we wanted upon arriving).When ordering noodles, they have a list of about 5-6 different types of noodles...first you pick your noodles, then you pick how you wanted it prepped...pretty neat.  I got the beef stew w/the wide noodles and it was so wide I had a hard time eating it.  Each noodle strand was almost an inch wide so it wasn't easy trying to stick it all in my mouth.  I should have stayed w/my original thought of getting the hand pulled noodle...and will get it the next time I'm there.  Although the wide noodle was slightly difficult for me to eat, the beef stew & the pickled greens that came w/it were really good.  I also had the boba milk tea and it was okay.  Complete lunch for me came out to ~$10...I was a happy camper  :)There are also several vegetarian options so our vegan friends weren't left hungry.  Our friends' vegetarian noodle plates came out to only $4/each...what a deal!  They felt their meal was very satisfying and we shall be back.
5	I really loved this restaurant.   I love fresh noodles and I ran over after seeing they make them to order.  They do this in some areas of China and the beef noodle soup tasted just like I had when I was in Bejing for the first time 15 years ago.  I recommend bringing your children in to see this man make noodles and have a nice, casual, well made, delicious,  inexpensive bite!
4	This place was a pleasant surprise!  Read about this place in the newspaper and decided to give it a go.  We had:Watermelon juice with tapioca pearlsMilk Tea with tapioca pearlsFried Dumplings (appetizer)Beef noddle soup with Shaved NoodlesSea food noodle soup with hand pulled noodlesThe 'boba' drinks were excellent!  The watermelon one tasted as if they just blended the watermelon itself adding nothing else.  It tasted quite fresh.  You can get them without the 'boba' for those who has an aversion to tapioca pearls.  The milk tea one was a bit on the sweet side but it was still good.The dumplings were VERY VERY good.  I haven't had anything better in Phoenix.  Even thought it's under the appetizer category, these dumplings (8 of them for $5) were humongous!  Not only were they huge, the dough was home made.  Very chewy and fresh.  They were the best I've had in restaurants in many years!  They were so good that we ordered 'to-go' order for the dumplings! The noodle soups were really tasty too.  I think for noodle lovers, this place would be heaven (at least in Phoenix).  The home made noodles are very fresh, chewy, and oh so tasty!!!!  You can also see how they make the noodle through the window inside the restaurant.The place is a simple table/chairs and booths.  It seemed as the place ran on swamp cooler so it was a bit humid inside......not a big fan of that but the food made up for a bit of uncomfortable stickiness.I'm looking forward to going back there again to try other noodles!
3	Nice modern clean environment.Not to much ambiance other than the noodle flipping chef in the window. Service was good with the exception of the language barrier. They did not speak a lick of English. The food was relative inexpensive, but then it was just some noodles with a few pieces of meat. Fresh noodles are very sticky and hard to eat if you allow it to sit. Will try the soup noddle dishes next, they looked better.
4	Solid.  Fresh noodles right now.  I pull for you. Menu is not huge but varies from pedestrian dishes like yellow curry chicken which was very mild to spicy pigs ears.I had the yellow curry chicken and while it was good I wished for heat from the curry.  Fellow yelper Kevin H had the spicy pigs ears which proved that he is more adventurous at ear chewing than I am. Overall I think China Magic Noodle House is pretty good and you can't beat fresh pulled noodles.
4	Fresh pulled noodles ahhhhh what more can you say. I have been to this joint a couple of times and tried some of the different noodle sizes. For soup I prefer the traditional hand pulled (its easier to eat). For fried noodled dishes I like wider noodles. For the more adventurous try the mixed appetizer plate. It has marinated beef, beef tendon (they have it as beef tender) and pigs ear. I was surprised that the taste was on the traditional side and not too westernized. I have to say I tried the pot stickers and didn't care for them. They were too chewy and did not like the taste or texture of the filling. But, to each his own. Overall I like this place and I will go back.
3	My husband and I ate here last night.Complimentary boiled peanuts and pickled veg along with water were brought to the table immediately. Water was good. The peanuts and veg were meh.  We ordered the egg roll appetizer.  They served it piping hot with to go packets of "duck sauce" and "hot mustard". I expect more from a place with hand pulled noodles. They should really take the time to make their own sauces. Which more or less was a foreshadowing of things to come. The rolls themselves were good but greasy.Our drinks were brought out quickly. Boba Milk Tea for me, iced tea for my husband. (Which I later had to ask to be refilled. Yes, one more please).Our entrees soon followed. Both dishes were cheap, hot, and heaping. As with many Asian places, they provide condiments for you to customize your food. This tray had hot chili oil, vinegar, soy, and sriracha sauce.  The food itself was rather bland though.  It needed doctoring.  I wish they had added more flavor at the beginning during cooking.We ended up taking about half of our food home. I reheated in a pan with some stir fry sauce and a little fish sauce. Much better.We probably won't be back. I'd rather spend my money on a lot more flavor.
4	First Impression:Strong stench when walked in that made me almost turn around & leave.Not sure if it's kimchee, pickled veggies?Typical hole in the wall non-chain Asian eateryTranslation: expect mediocure service, passable                       very basic plain decor                        Open kitchen looked messy, things everywhere                      chefs just chilling in dining rm til order in  (ladies bathroom was strangely ornate compared to rest of place, like someone had leftover tiles and decided to use it)Now the yummy Food:After all, we certainly didnt go for it's ambianceCame out very quickly.Sesame paste noodles was delicious Reminds me of ones I had in Chinamy mouth waters just thinking about itmay have to pinch my noseand make a run mrw.. heheBeef Stew Soup Noodles was ok.Happy to see a noodle house addition to Phoenix.
4	It's good to finally see a food place making hand pulled noodles. That is definitely one of the more artistic things around in cooking, using their hands to make different noodle thickness in less than 20secs.This place is not that big, but decent size enough for a casual restaurant. I like their variety of soup noodles, stir fry and appetizers. For appetizers, they have my favorite marinated beef tendons. That's a nice dish, as it has some spice to it and nice and chewy. They also have some classic HK dishes like the mantou gok. .As for the soup noodle, their bowl size is not the biggest, but the flavoring was pretty good. I liked the ox-tail soup with the hand pulled noodle.Overall nice change to the chinese food scenery in Phoenix. Glad to see we are getting more LA style variety and not the cookie cutter dim sum places and chop suey.
5	This place is amazing, the noodles are fresh and come with a texture thats unforgettable. There is a wide variety of noodles and rice dishes as well. I got the OX tail when i went and let me tell you it was delicious!
4	Probably one of the most authentic Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix area. I come from LA so I've definitely had better but after living out in Arizona for the past 5 weeks, I've been craving some authentic Chinese food. The noodles are fresh and chewy. Soup base for the beef noodle can use improvements though. More pickled vegetables, please. And the vegetarian sesame noodles had nothing but sesame paste and noodles so it was a bit disappointing. Usually, I'ld expect cucumbers and carrots or something. The stewed beef cold dish was alright also. The drinks on the other hand are very good and sweet, just my liking. However, I wished they used real fruits for the smoothies rather than just flavored high fructose corn syrup. (total 3 stars)So, for the pat on the back for opening one of the first authentic noodle house in Phoenix (+1 star).
4	Noodles! It's all about the noodles as it appears in the name! The superstar ingredient!Your taste bud will be blown away by the authenticity and freshness of the noodles!  Whichever dish you order you will taste the same consistency in the noodles!  Comes in various shape, style and sizes! You can order it soupy, brothy or stir-fry!I had the minced pork dish and a taste of a seafood and beef stir-fry.  Overall great tasting flavors! Most Chinese joints is about the sauce, here it's the opposite, it's the noodles! When you take your first five bites, you almost forget about the other ingredients! It's that yummy!I also ordered the pan-fried, dumplings! Delicious! I assume they used the same dough to make them!It's situated in an Asian mecca of Chandler, so do not be surprised if you see many Asians around.  Its true per other reviews and pics, you get to witness one of the cooks twirl and toss around the fresh dough behind a glass window!I plan to return for more magical goodness, next time, I will try  the broth/soup style!
4	Freshly pulled noodles made to order is rare to find in any restaurant, even in big cities.  It is a privilege to have a restaurant like this in your city.  If you have kids, bring them here.  They will thoroughly enjoy watching the noodle maker crafting the noodles that they will be soon eating.  It is a sight to see and an opportunity to show your kids that noodles don't always come from a box or package.When eating at a place that is not of your own culture, you must practice the "When in Rome..." rule.  In this case, this is a Chinese noodle house, and to authenticate your dining experience, you must eat accordingly.  Take advantage of the sauces that are there at your disposal.  You can pretty much customize every bite to have a different taste.  Don't be scared to experiment.  Also, if you are inexperienced at eating this type of cuisine, don't be too shy to ask your server questions about the different condiments.One thing you will notice is that this restaurant has a lot of Chinese and Asian customers, which is always a very good sign as far as noodle houses go.  You will notice that most of them will finish their food very VERY quickly.  This food is not meant to sit around.  It is meant to be eaten hot and fast.  Give it a try and see for yourself!
3	Kids and I ate there on Friday 9-24-10 for dinner.  Not being "regulars" to this sort of food, we did not really have any idea what to expect.The kids loved watching the dude pulling the noodles.  They each gave him a dollar in his tip jar.We loved the ground seasoned pork on hand-pulled ramen-sized noodles.  5 Stars for that puppy.The oxtail soup was "OK" as was the beef noodle soup.  Not overly salty, but really, not a LOT of taste.  It did not make any of us say, "Yum Yum !!" after the first bite.All in all, an average meal.
4	YUM. delish, fresh hand-pulled noodles. parents are from Taipei, and this passed their verdict as well.pick your noodles (original/sho lah, knife-shaved/dao hsiao, among others), meat (lamb, chicken, beef, beef tendon), and preparation (broth, pan-fried). of note, the noodle broth comes with cilantro and pickled vegetables, which some may prefer to order without.highly recommend the dao hsiao - is as good as the quality you'd find in L.A. wish this were in Chicago.
4	We all have those iconic food moments in our lives and one of mine was in a small noodle shop off the Hibaya subway line in Tokyo where they made noodles by hand, scraping noddles off a huge block of dough, with a pastry scraper, into a large wok of boiling water with huge clouds of steam rising up into the cooking area (they also made one hell of a pan fried Gyoza that I still dream about), and I've spent the last two years thinking how great to have a place like it in Phoenix. Well, wishes do come true because I was flipping through the 2010 best of Phoenix from New Times earlier this week and China Magic Noodle House was in there as a place to try so today, after watching the early screening of the movie Social Networking, I headed over to Chandler to try it out. I was pleasantly surprised to see it in the same shopping center as Lee Lee's, an Asian market that people have been telling me to check out for ages.Well, I walk in and a fairly large space with plenty of tables. The menu had several types of noodles and through a glass window in the back you can see cooks making fresh noodles. I chose the scraped noodles with minced pork since that seemed the closest to what I had in Japan. I also noticed that they had a variety of fresh fruit drinks (included a special of watermelon for $2), but stuck with water so I could focus on the noodles. The ones that came out were scraped and somewhat longer than the ones I had in Tokyo and they seemed a bit drier as well, though when I mixed up the bowl there was some great pork broth, along with shredded lettuce. I added some hot chili paste that was provided on the table and a splash or two of soy sauce, did another mix, and well, started eating.Okay, different from the noodles in Tokyo but...I had one of those great food experiences where you sort of zone out a bit because you enjoy what you are eating so much. Something about the fresh made noodles, the flavorful mix of pork meat and broth, and the slight bite of the chili paste was, as we say in Hawaii, Ono (good)! I don't know if I am willing to say I love the place yet but from a first try, I am definitely a fan. The best part, after the meal you can go cruise around in Lee Lee's for a bit and see specialty food items from just about every Asian culture you can imagine. Next time I go to the noodle shop I'll try the soup noodles - the soup noodles with lamb is on my radar! All I can say, I hope they expand and open a place in Tempe. Their food is inexpensive, fresh, and tasty, perfect for college students.
3	Ok, I've been looking for a good noodle place ever since I found Noodle Asia in Vegas at the Venetian.  They have the best Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup I have ever tasted.  Being in the Venetian and on the strip though the prices are high.  So when I heard about China Magic Noodle House I was very hopeful.  Looking at the menu the prices were great, very reasonable even cheap.  They did have a Beef Noodle Soup and a Beef Stew Noodle Soup.  Wasn't quite sure of the difference but neither were spicy.  All in all, I was pleased with the taste of the Beef Noodle Soup.  It had a good flavor not bland at all like some of the reviews suggested of their dishes.  I was disappointed I was not asked what type of noodle I wanted since they had a few to choose from I was not given the choice, I would have preferred the thicker noodle than what I got.  Also, putting some of the hot sauce from the table in the soup spiced it up quite a bit which made it that much better.  In the end it's no Noodle Asia but for a cheap bowl of Noodle Soup I would go back.I would have given it 3.5 stars but they don't do halves so I rounded down since I didn't get to pick my noodle.
4	This is an amazing noodle house. The noodles are fresh and prepared in front of you (well, actually behind an open window into the kitchen, but its good to know the kitchen is clean.) Only come here for the noddles, everything else is not that great. This is why I removed 1 star. We ordered the gyoza multiple time, both steamed and pan friend, and they were different every time. We usually order them because its $4 for 8 pieces, and its not the regular size you are use to, they are "Super-sized." Don't waste your time with the boba, they are not prepared well.We come here every week, because we get full off of a large bowl of noodles, for cheap! The average entree is at most $7-8 which I think is a great value for fresh noddles.
4	I went based on an article in the New Times.  I ordered the fried noodles with chicken, and my girlfriend ordered noodles with spicy sauce.  Both were great.  The menu isn't very friendly to those not familiar with asian food, but it had a very good selection.  I want to go back and try one of their soups...they looked wonderful.   Also, it's fun to watch the noodles being made by hand.
4	I love this place. Their made to order noodle dishes are delicious and have spoiled me. Yes, I recommend dining here and yes I will definitely return again and again.
4	I went here with my husband on our date night and I must say, the noodles are delicious.  The texture had a nice bite to it, but not too al dente.  I had their beef noodle soup and my husband had their vegetable and beef fried noodles (lo mein).  Both were very good.  Best noodles I have had in AZ, hands down.  They only make one kind of noodle, but you can choose from a variety of shapes.  A warning however to those who have an aversion to certain meat sinew.  The beef that came in the my beef noodle soup came from, I believe, some cut of rib, straight off the bone.  So, although the beef was nice an tender, there were some pieces of sinew that were attached to most of my pieces of meat.  They were mostly tender, but some were a bit chewy.  Some people, like myself, actually enjoy eating these pieces of meat, but for those of you who don't, you might want to order a different kind of noodle soup.    We also ordered the pork steamed dumplings and the beef stick.I was not a big fan of the beef stick.  I think the cut of beef they use for the beef stick is not ideal for that type of treatment.  It was overdone, tough, and I wasn't too into the sauce.  I can't quite describe it except that it was a light soy sauce marinade, on the slightly sweet side, with little to no depth.  The steam dumplings were okay.  The dumpling skin is not typical; thin and delicate.  Simply based on the skin, they were very "hearty" dumplings.  I think they may use the same or similar dough recipe for their dumpling skins as with their noodles.  The filling was okay.  A bit on the mushy side for me and the sauce that they serve with it is lighter in terms of sweetness than most sweet and sour sauces.  The staff is very friendly and the prices are very reasonable.Like my husband said, "any time I am in the mood for some noodles [Chinese wheat noodles specifically] I am coming here."
4	We went her for lunch and had the noodles with minced pork and the noodles with spicy sauce.  Both were very good, but the spicy sauce, although not too spicy, was more flavorful.  If you need more heat, there is a sauce on the table make from chili and sesame seeds.  The mango smoothy was great and a good complement to the food.  This is a wonderful restaurant and we will definitely be back to try more from the menu.
3	09/08 and 09/29On my first visit here, I ordered egg rolls and a stir-fried beef noodle dish.  It was such fun to watch noodles being made that I couldn't wait to bring Mom over so that she could see it herself.  Service was friendly and helpful, and the place (and restroom) looked very clean.Really loved the egg rolls!  They're so good, I'm going to have to order them every time I visit.  The noodles were good, but the meat portion of this dish was pretty dismal-- the noodle to meat ration had to have been at least 3 to 1.  No exaggeration!  (I had hoped it was a fluke, but it wasn't-- more detail to come later.)  Once I'd exhausted the beef content (and there wasn't much), I wasn't satisfied enough w/ the noodle flavor to continue.  (If only the noodles were as tasty as those I'd tried at Saigon Bowl the night before...)  There was no doubt, however, that these noodles were freshly made--  I really enjoyed its texture!Took Mom w/ me on my second visit.  Decided to try the steamed gyoza and a noodle dish w/ ground pork.  Wished I'd ordered the eggrolls, instead :(  The gyoza dish was, without question, the worst WE'D ever tried!  Too heavy on the batter, and steamed was definitely not the way to go.  (Once you have a look at the photos, you'll agree!)  Same thing w/ the pork.  Too crumbly and unexciting flavor (salty and lemony), and again, the meat to noodle ratio was very low.  Two visits, and it's Hit-1, Miss-1.  At least I'll know that the app will be a hit (egg rolls), and if I remember to order a double- or a triple-serving of meat, maybe the noodle portion won't be a miss...
5	I've eaten here about 5 more times since my first review, and man.. the food is really consistent.  If anything, the food has gotten better and better each time out.  I will probably be going here every week.Don't deprive yourself of these noodles.
4	YUM!  I was craving some noodle soup and made my way to China Magic Noodle House.  Not because I thought the magic noodles would make my cold go away... but because I had heard of the fresh, hand pulled noodles.  And those noodles were craziness - soft and chewy with great texture.  Who knew that the little man behind the window could stretch and slap the dough to create these fabulous noodles?  We also shared pan fried dumplings - huge dumplings with a savory filling.  My friends and I were pleased with the meal.  Nothing is better than a great bowl of noodle soup.  I know some people complained about the meat to noodle ratio.  Personally, if I'm eating noodle soup, I'm there for the noodles, so no complaints from me!This place is a great value as well.  3 noodle dishes with 1 appetizer ~$25.  Happiness for your tummy without breaking the bank!
4	I'll have to try one more time this place. On a weird week where I was having cravings for noodles this came perfect! noodles are made in your face!! Very affordable and tasty. PLUS it is in my favorite asian corner, where Lee Lee's  is, Dim sum, boba tea, dairy queen.... heheh.
5	Two separate visits, outrageously good fresh hand-pulled noodles and amazingly low prices.  Aileen (from review dated 11/14/2010) these aren't gyoza.  Gyoza are Japanese.  These are Chinese 'pot-stickers'.  These are the remotely the same dough or preparation.  These pot-stickers are very, very good.  Pan fried - for once they are not too crispy or dried out, like most valley restaurant prepare them.  The dipping sauce that accompanies them is good, but add a bit of red chile oil to your plate, a splash of black vinegar.  Now you've got the real Chinatown pot sticker good stuff.  5 different kinds of noodles -ask the waiter which one goes best with your choices.  The beef with shaved noodles was terrific - beef just melted in your mouth.  How do they do that with beef?  We also ordered the curry with thin pulled noodles.  The shrimp were large, sweet and perfectly cooked.  The curry sauce was not all that great, and I wouldn't order it again - but I'd order another dish with those shrimp without hesitation.Chicken fried rice, no usually one of my favorites, was a shining star in this place.  Again, the meat was tender, moist - and all white meat chicken.  Beef soup with noodles.  Again, that superb tender beef.  Broth was deep flavored, with a distinct tinge of anise.  Just wonderful.  Service is friendly, helpful and anxious to please.  Excellent service from Charles, and nice guy to chat with.If you like authentic Chinese noodles, don't miss out on this place
4	The noodles here are so good! I love their pot stickers. They have the perfect ratio of meat to noodle and they have a really good sauce as well. I also ordered the xo spicy noodles. The noodles were great, but the meat was not so good. Also, it didn't have a ton of noodles on the plate. Next time I'll order it without the meat, I want more noodles!! I will definitely eat here again, I will just avoid the beef.
4	I was really excited the first time I came here, but unfortunately my experience was-well let's not get into that. This go around I had the beef fried noodle with XO sauce and the fried tofu app. Noodle dish was awesome! Very flavorful and not greasy at all and the spicyness was right on point.  It could have used a bit more beef however.  Fried tofu was spectacks and piping hot!  had to cut 'em up to cool off a bit.  Will return, and get stuffed! cheers
4	Next to Lee Lee market which makes it a convenient place to run into before going grocery shopping.  You can watch the chefs make the incredible noodles.  This is the first place in Phoenix with actual hand pulled noodles which is an art.  I can't imagine the patience and skill it takes to transfor simple ingredients like flour, water and salt into these beutiful noodes.  From flat and broad, to thin and delicate, they have all styles.The different styles of noodles will complement different types of sauces and toppings.  The waiters are pretty good at recommending the right kind of noodle for the type of toppings.  Tea costs extra (which is a little annoying), but other than that I can't really complain.  You know it's good when about 90% of the restaurant is made up of hungry Asian folks :)
3	Freshly made Chinese noodles you can't get anywhere else in the city.Their menu is quite diverse and you can get anything from seafood cream pasta to beef noodle soup.I came here on a Tuesday and ordered the beef noodle soup, it was good but the soup was lacking the complexity of flavors and the beef wasn't as tasty and tender as the ones we have in Taiwan. Still a pretty decent effort by a Phoenix restaurant.Prices are very good and almost nothing was over $10.
4	The Magic Noodle was our first stop after getting off the plane for our AZ weekend and we were pleasantly surprised at how good the noodles were. In particular the "seafood with cream sauce" dish which sounds totally disgusting (and not much better looking) but was the best dish of the day. Of course, be sure to order all of your noodle dishes with the hand pulled noodle option.Back to the seafood with cream sauce dish: I am not a fan of cream sauces. I hate alfredo, bechamel, etc. but this cream sauce was the BEST medium to bring out the natural sweetness and full bodied flavor of the hand pulled noodles. This cream sauce did not have any cheese in it and the seafood wasn't the highest quality either (just ignore the seafood). Our young waiter recommended this dish as the best of the house and my mom decided to give it a shot. No one touched the dish until we ate all the other food and were forced to acknowledge its presence.  Overwhelmingly, this dish became our favorite. Luckily it was generously sized so everyone got enough.The hand pulled noodles were thinner than I expected, about ramen width sized and I enjoyed watching the noodle man smack and twist them into my order.  Something I could never do and the packaged stuff just doesn't compare. If you really want to appreciate the flavor and texture of these noodles, I highly recommend trying out the seafood cream dish. Overall, this place is a bargain. Besides the above referenced dish, we had the oxtail noodle soup (not a lot of meat in it although the broth was delicious), stir fried noodles with XO sauce and a fried fish special. All were very good!I always rate small hole-in-the-wall places solely by the food because service is usually dismal and this place was no different.
4	I really love it here.  There is a big window that looks into the kitchen where you can watch the noodle chef hand make the noodles for your dish.  My favorite is #17, Beef with lemon garlic noodles.  The beef is sliced thin and served cold.  The sauce is a fish sauce, the fish smell is pretty strong, but it doesn't taste strong, the citrus and garlic are more evident.  The only reason I'm not giving 4 stars is because the water taste really funny here.  Opt for a soda.
4	Try it you will like it!Large selection of dishes to choose from along with the handmade noodle dishes. You can choose the style of noodle you want. Portions large enough you can take some home. Yummy and inexpensive. Fast and friendly service. They give you water without having to ask. Mmmm...boiled peanuts...We ordered beef fried noodle in XO sauce with thick noodle, seafood fried noodle with hand pulled noodle, ox tail noodle soup with shaved noodle - all very good. My only complaint is could have used more meat to noodle ratio. The egg rolls were delicious as well. You get a little cup of radish carrot salad and boiled peanuts with your meal.
2	I must have ordered the wrong thing here. My hand pull noodles stuck together the same way the Safeway brand noodles I undercook at home stick together. The beef and its sauce was pretty darn tasty, but isn't this place supposed to be all about the noodles?Service was completely rushed and they stared at us while we ate. It was so awkward.
5	The Phoenix metro area is definitely not known for authentic Asian cuisine. China Magic Noodle House, however, is the real deal. This place reminds me of the Taiwanese delis that I used to go to in LA, as well as noodle houses that I've frequented in Taipei.They have a great selection of cold noodle, hot noodle and soup noodle dishes. And, a variety of ways to have your noodles (I typically order the thick noodles or shaved noodles). There's always a veggie on the whiteboard to try and the fried tofu is very tender and tasty with the dipping sauce.If you're looking for a reasonably priced, ethnically authentic meal in Phoenix (especially the East Valley), China Magic Noodle House should be near the top, if not first, on your list. the only negative that I would have about this place is that there isn't enough choices where chicken is the main protein.
4	having waited for an Asian noodle shop to open in the East Valley, i was thrilled to read good reviews about this place that was right down the road.So, on New Year's Eve day, we headed to CMNH.  It was filled with families of all kinds, including a birthday party.  The host was cordial, and willingly walked us through the menu explaining the different types of noodles and dishes.We each ordered something different.  I had the shredded pork with shaved noodles...which are toothsome and tasty.  The sauce was full of flavor and it was hard to stop well after i was overfull.Husband had a spicy dish with a thinner noodle.  He managed to eat it all!Daughter had yet another noodle and another meat.  We enjoyed them all immensely.Nice touches -- the pickled veggies they bring out to snack on while you wait for your dish, being able to watch the noodle maker through a window into the kitchen (he likes to wave at the kids), and great fruit smoothies.
5	zsha verry shexual, zsha very toyt, China Magic Noodle House!
4	So exciting to have a local restaurant that makes chinese noodles from scratch.  The noodles at China Magic Nodle House are delicious (and cheap)!  The decor is typical little-Phoenix-strip-mall, but the environment is NOT why you come to a place like this!  I like noodle dishes where you can actually taste the noodles...can't go wrong with the beef chow fun.  I am excited to return to try some of the other noodle dishes.
4	The noodles here are tender, yet chewy and firm. The asian dude that makes your noodles is good.
4	Delicious broth! Fun to watch them make the noodles :)
4	Freshly made noodles for a good price.  Portions are fairly large for the price as well.  We got 2 noodle dishes to go, and they were pretty satisfied.
1	The noodle here is not very good. It was not cooked thorougly. I warn you. Do not get the smoothies. I think 7-11 slush tasted much better than this crap
4	Great food and fast service. Loved the chicken fried noodles.
3	The cool thing about this place is that they hand pull your noodles to order. They have 5 different varieties of noodles, and you can watch them pulling your noodles, if you are in to that kind of thing. I am. We stopped in for dinner around 8, and it wasn't too crowded.  We started with the Pig Ear and eggrolls as appies.  The eggrolls were pretty typical for a chinese restaurant, kinda blah.   I couldn't eat the pig ears, because, uh, I just wasn't in the mood for pig ears. Yeah, that's it.  Of course, the platter came to the table with a HEAPING serving of pig ears. We ordered a small, so I can't imagine what the large size looked like. I had the spicy noodle with beef in XO sauce, and my guy had the spicy noodles (vegetarian).  The noodles had the perfect chew, and the sauce was really good. I would recommend the XO sauce, the spicy sauce was good, but the XO was just better.   I would prolly hit this place up if I was still in Arizona.  It was one of the better meals I had while I was there.
5	I have to agree with the other reviewers. If you are looking for an authentic Hong Kong style noodle house, this is the best in the East Valley. Prices are very good, restaurant is very clean, portions are huge, and food is extremely tasty. Clear windows to watch the "magic" of noodle making, and the kids had a blast watching. They were even given a dough ball by the very nice chef to try their hand at it. Overall, quite impressed!  I would suggest the "Hand-pulled" noodles over the other variety.
4	Pinch me... I must be dreaming!  A real hand-pulled noodle place here in the desert?  Wow... and it's not a mirage...!We visited on 2011-06-02 after yelping for restaurants nearby.... gotta say, this place will make you both happy and sad!Happy... Found the place... Sad... It's hidden around the corner from Lee Lee and we almost missed it...Happy... Watching the guy making hand-pulled noodles in the kitchen... Sad... Wish we'd ordered more variety to see how he does each...Happy... Good variety to choose from on the menu... Sad... can't decide...Happy... Really yummy, fresh noodles... Sad... I overate....Happy... Each dish could easily feed 2 people... Sad... No leftovers to take home...Happy... Great prices for what you get... Sad... Cash preferred...Happy... Bright, clean interior of restaurant... Sad... the outside doesn't reflect the inside...Happy... There's now a real noodle house in the valley.... Sad... I live about 20 miles away....Seriously... once you've had fresh hand-pulled noodles, you'll never be satisfied with dry-packaged noodles again.  The texture and taste is amazing.  We decided to try two preparations; a soup noodle (beef brisket), and a dry-style noodle (spicy beef with XO sauce).  We stayed with the one preparation (the pulled noodles) just to see how the noodles are under each preparation.  Verdict: Both rocked!  Okay, I know it's a noodle house, but as good as the noodles are, they need something to convey flavor... and this place delivers.  The noodle soup has a nicely flavored broth, chunks of brisket, and vegetables.  As others have stated, the ratio is about 3-1 in favor of noodles, but hey, it is a noodle house.  Oh yeah... it's a big bowl.  The spicy beef with XO sauce really stands out... the XO sauce wasn't very pronounced, but it was there.  It's a huge plate... and it's served in front of you (translation: you eat the whole thing).  It really can serve 2 people... I thought I'd take some leftovers home... but somehow, everything evaporated off my plate and I was somehow a bit heavier... it was just that good!The complimentary boiled peanuts and pickled carrot radish appetizer does wake up your taste buds.  Nice touch.Ambiance?  Hey, it's a chinese restaurant.... pretty austere... but it is clean, and it is fun to watch the guy through the kitchen window as he stands in front of the window and dazzles you with his noodle pulling skills... man, he is fast!Not ready to give it 5 stars yet... but mainly because I've eaten all over the world and have had some amazing food in a lot of cities... but this place is darn good and could compete in SanFran, Toronto, LA, and a few other asian centers known for good food.  I'll also reserve a star after a couple more visits when I try some of their other offerings....
4	Love this place,  I have had every soup they offer with the hand pulled noodles.  I like the Ox tail soup the most.  This place is a little piece of heaven since AZ has no Chinatown.  Maybe one day, I can only dream!!! For now this place rocks!!!!!
1	I don't like to give places a 1 star review unless I have either gotten sick or had a really bad experience. I sort of had a combination of the two at China Magic Noodle House. I saw a groupon for this restaurant a couple days ago and it looked simple and good so I went ahead and bought it. I am always in the mood for noodles so I was excited to try this place, and it was right down the street from my house. So Sunday afternoon we decided to eat here for lunch. I have been sitting on this experience for two days now and I feel that I am not giving a harsh review based on my experience. We walk in around 3pm and there were only a few tables being served. The first thing that hits me is the smell of this place. My first thought was that it smelled like urine. I'm sure it was just a combination of the spices and whatever was being made in the kitchen, but it was not a mouth watering smell like you should experience when you walk into a restaurant. I should have turned right around and went home, but we stayed. So we sit down and someone brings over some water and some boiled peanuts and pickled vegetables. I still am not sure if this was supposed to be some kind of appetizer or a garnish for the noodles. It was a little weird. So I decided on the spicy vegetarian noodle dish, and my husband decides on the vegetables and fried noodle dish and a strawberry smoothie. I see that there are spring rolls on the menu as well. There is a language barrier here with the waiters so when I asked if the spring rolls were vegetarian at first she just thought I was ordering them, but after asking three times whether or not they were vegetarian I think she finally understood what I was asking. So I was a little bit concerned about these. Everything came out really fast. Like around 5 minutes fast. The spring rolls were vegetarian, but they tasted like they came out of a freezer bag. And the vegetables inside were really limp and not crisp at all. A couple packets of mustard and some gelatin like duck sauce come with the rolls. I didn't use either. How hard would it be to make a really simple nice sauce for the rolls? My noodles come out first and at first they look really good and I was excited. However as I am eating them I am noticing some weird textures in the supposedly vegetarian sauce. It tasted almost like some kind of seafood and it was gritty. I didn't finish it and when I asked two different waitresses what was in the sauce, neither of them could tell me. Which is concerning. I can't feel good going back to a place that can't tell me whats in the vegetarian sauce. My husband liked his noodles, but he isn't as paranoid about what his food is made out of as I am. His smoothie tasted like a slushie you get at 7-11. I am sure it was made with some kind of red dye and not fresh strawberries. Sickeningly sweet as well. About an hour later we are walking around Target and my stomach starts to burn. I feel this intense burning sensation in my stomach for the next two days. I think there is some kind of issue with MSG here possibly. I don't know what else could have made me feel like that. I also didn't eat pretty much anything for the next two days because of how bad my stomach felt. The only cool thing about this place is the guy who pulls noodles in the big window in the middle of the restaurant. Prices are also pretty cheap. Its cash preferred as well. Other than that, I am sorry to say I won't be back.
4	Went last night (6/13/11).  We also had the Groupon, and were anxious to try the place.  We were NOT disappointed!My wife had the Fried Noodles with Chicken, and I had the Fried Noodles with Beef in Spicy XO sauce.  Enormous portions, and soooooo tasty.  Noodles were excellent, beef was super tender, and seasoning was just about perfect.Highly recommended, and we'll be returning soon.
5	This place is hidden away in a little strip mall but SO great!. It is super clean inside.They have lovely padded highchairs for the baby.  There is a window to the kitchen where you can watch the very nice man (he always waves and smiles to the kiddos) pulling your noodles to order right when you ask for them. It keeps the kids happy and busy watching him twirl and stretch the dough. The portions are big and inexpensive.
4	so i discover this place through groupon, me and my fiance tried it out one day, its a bit far from where we live but since i save half price by  purchasing a groupon i figure the other half can pay for gas. plus since there's so much good reviews on this place.  i would say this place does have the best fresh noddles , my fiance order the beef noodle with broth, and i got the seafood fried noodles, they both tasted delicious i'm very satisfied with the place and food, its just if only my shrimp in the noodle i order were fresh and bigger shrimp and not frozen and tinny i'd definitely give a five star.im a big seafood person, i can taste when they're fresh or at least decent quality and when they're not.
1	This place is right around the corner from my house but I had never noticed it. I saw the groupon for it and thought we should try it since my husband loves Asian noodle dishes and the groupon made it seem vegetarian friendly (I'm a vegetarian). I won't be back! I was really looking forward to trying the "vegetarian vegetable and egg noodle soup" which they advertised on the groupon. However there aren't any vegetarian soups and only TWO vegetarian dishes!! So I got the vegetarian spring rolls which were actually very good (although they came with a sauce packet) and the spicy vegetarian noodles. The noodles had cilantro and seaweed, which I think is the reason it smells and tastes "fishy." at least I hope that is the reason! I did not like the seaweed and only ate a few bites of my noodles. The smell was really grossing me out. My husband said his dish was pretty good but he wasn't as excited about it as I had hoped. I was totally disappointed!! And yes we both got the hand pulled noodles which were supposed to be awesome but I didn't think they were anything special :( To top it off, no one refilled our waters the entire time we were there!
5	Special today was salt and pepper shrimp.  Lightly dusted with corn starch and magic then deep fried and topped with jalapenos. all gone, tails and all =9
4	My friend and I went to China Magic Noodle after buying the Groupon deal. The place was nice with plenty of tables and the service was prompt. Our waiter was very helpful in picking out the right dishes for each of us. We started with the Spring Rolls which, oddly enough, came out after our entrees. The Spring Rolls were a bit of a disappointment... a bit too greasy and kind of plain in taste. I got the Fried Noodles with Beef and my friend got the Friend Noodles with Beef in Spicy XO sauce. Both dishes were very tasty and filling. We each went home with a to-go box of over half of the dish left. The noodles were good - I had never tried hand-made noodles before and was pleasantly surprised. I also tried the Honey Peach drink. This was very good if a bit sweet. I will definitely try another flavor next time since they have 5+ flavors to choose from. Note: China Noodle does accept credit cards, but they prefer cash.We'll be back!
4	Saw a noodle house advertised and wondered where it was.  Been eating at Phoenix Palace for several months before I discovered China Magic.  First time we were the only patrons in the restaurant; my friend from Long Island is very particular about her Chinese food; she loves this place.  My other friend is very picky about food to begin with; but still he loves this place.  So, we brought another friend from the Philippines and he really loves this place.  Just mostly stick to the noodle dishes.  Wish the drive wasn't so far; but definately be back.
4	This was the best noodle house I had been to.  The noodles were freshly pulled and the broth was very tasty.  Wish they had such a noodle shop in Sacramento.
4	Noodles hand rolled right infront of you.... doesnt get much better than that. Love it! Once you see the 5 different types of noodles that you can chhose from, you'll just be confused. But confused in a good way :-)
2	I have been twice now.  The thing that assaults me as soon as I walk in the door is the smell of baby poop.  I have no idea what causes the smell but it is very strong.  My children noticed and mentioned it to me the moment they walked through the doors also.  The sat at the table with their noses plugged.My kids liked the Deep Fried Tofu for $3.50 and it was a good portion size.  8 large chunks of tofu.  I tried the Braised Noodle with Sesame Paste (vegetarian) for $4.  It was so plain with very little taste.  Tasted slightly like peanut sauce.  I had to cover it in srarachi to get it down because I was so hungry.Kids liked the Beef with Fried Noodles for  $7.95.  With the tofu it was enough food for my 3 kids that I brought home leftovers of both the noodles and tofu.I tried the Vegetables with Fried Noodles on my first trip for $7.25.  They were just okay.  Even though the noodles are being made right there and you can watch through the window the taste was very similar to Panda Express to me.Had three of the smoothies- Watermelon, Papaya and Strawberrry- all with boba.  The boba was pretty good but the smoothies weren't great.  I prefer Boba House around the corner in the same shopping center.I don't think I will be back.
3	The noodles are delicious here. I had the vegetarian spicy noodle. It doesn't come with anything but noodles and the sauce. It would be great if they could add some veggies in there though. So you chose the type of noodle you want and then the flavor. The prices are super cheap and the service is fast. The portions are huge and I could have eaten the whole plate if I didn't stop myself. I am curious to know if they use MSG because it was that hard to stop eating.
3	I had wanted to visit this spot for a long time so one weekend I took the trip... I entered to a pretty busy spot I was seated right away. I was handed a menu and water and a plate of peanuts and pickled stuff... I was passed over for a bit and I called someone over to order... I went with the No. 34 Beef with Noodles in XO Spice Sauce and an order of egg rolls. I rate the food as followed.Beef with Fried Noodles in XO Spicy Sauce - BEgg Rolls - C +Staff - D I want to give this spot another try... I was kind of disappointed on this trip but there are many other things I want to try off the menu let's hope the next trip is on point.
1	I came here based on the positive reviews. How is this place still operating?I ordered the Beef Noodles w/Oyster Sauce. It tasted like something a college freshman put together in his dorm room. I was shocked that they were serving something like this in a restaurant.The sauce was a thick gravy that was not characteristic of any type of cuisine I have ever tasted. It was sweet and very SALTY; it kind of tasted like a blend of soy sauce, mushrooms, and milk. Once again, I can't put my finger to it, but it was gross. The beef was extremely starchy and rubbery. I tried to cover the taste up with hot sauce, but that didn't work.One of the ladies (probably the owner or a manager) was nice enough to replace it with their Beef Noodle Soup. This was not disgusting like the first dish, but did not taste good either. The broth was bland and tasted like boiled water with cilantro and a splash of soy sauce.I left very unsatisfied. I hope readers will take my review seriously and not waste money there.
4	Ordered the vegetable noodles and substituted the boiled egg for a fried one (how I like to eat it). Noodles were delicious and fresh. Only downside is that "vegetable" meant a little bit of spinach and some cilantro. The pan-fried dumplings were surprisingly the best part of the meal. Really chunky dumplings with lots of meat inside and fresh tasting skin. Would definitely go back!
5	It was love at first bite! I ordered the fried noodles with beef in the xo sauce. The sauce was spicy and savory. I don't like sweet and savory so it was the perfect sauce for me. There was a nice balance of noodles, beef, and vegetables and the portion size was very generous (only 7.95!). We ordered egg rolls for an appetizer and they were your standard egg rolls with pork. The only thing I could give constructive feedback on was that the egg rolls came out after the noodles. The service was friendly and attentive and it was so much fun to watch the noodles being made in the kitchen. I think this will be my new go to carry out restaurant when I am craving chinese food. I definitely want to try the soup next time.
4	Went here with a bunch of friends. The place was recommended to me. It was my first time eating hand-pulled noodles. I always see it on TV and have always wanted to try it out. I ordered a noodle soup with beef. The noodles, I will agree, are very good. I'm so used to eating dehydrated noodles for years from a can or at restaurants. This was a treat. The meat quality was not great, in fact, the majority of my beef was just cartilage. But with noodles so good, I didn't look to having meat to distract me. I would definitely go back and try another dish, preferably vegetarian so that I can focus on the noodles again.
5	I usually whine and complain about places, but I can't with this place.. Great service the ten or so times I've been there. Portions are huge, my two girls and I can share two orders and still have left overs. I love the fresh hand pull noodles.. The prices and varieties are great, for those who rated one or two stars I really think you need to give this place another shot.. I usually have the beef with fried noodles, dumplings. It is all good at a great price.
4	There are so many different sauces! And types of noodles! And ways that they are cooked!And, you can be a creep and watch the noodle guy through the window.The noodles are really good, and the soups are pretty good too, although I am still not sure what exactly fish balls are.I recommend the sesame paste noodles if you aren't feeling too risky. If you are feeling risky, go for the fish balls and let me know how that goes.
3	Nice and clean, service is great, noodles were just ok. Don't get me wrong they were made fresh, you can watch the guy making them in the window. I guess I had really high expectations. I would however recommend it and I will return.
5	Great noodles, great prices and good portion sizes.   Oddly quick service as well.
5	This place is a treasure in the east valley. In an area of town where the competition is stiff, this place blows it away. Great noodles. The juices are good and nice unique sauces. Prices are surprisingly low. I will soon be a regular.
4	This place is an amazing little find. It serves fresh, delicious noodles for next to nothing. The absolute best part of this place is that you get to pick the kind of noodle you want meaning you can try your favorite dish multiple times while changing it up!
4	Just tried this place on Friday night for the 1st time...and loved it. Very much like the little noodle restaurants hidden on little side streets all over Hong Kong. Just a small dive eatery, basic tables and minimal decor, chopsticks and spoons sitting in holders on the table for patrons to get themselves. The clientele was heavily Asian when we were there...as every table looked to have at least one Asian person, lending a degree of authenticity to the place. The menu is minimal, maybe 40 items in total, including soups and appetizers, and split in to four primary sections: appetizers, "special" noodle dishes, soup noodles, and fried noodles. The noodles are made fresh for each dish, and after you order, you can watch the noodle guy making your noodles through a big window that separates the kitchen from the dining room. He pulls and stretches the dough, and 5 minutes later you're eating those noodles. Great noodles too!For soup, we had the fish ball soup, which is roundish, white balls of fish stuffed with a ground pork mix, and cooked in soup. Very good. The first dish that came out was the shrimp with corn noodles in curry, and that was great. We simply devoured that dish. We also had the seafood noodle soup, and that was good. Not as full of flavor as the curry dish, but a nice, standard Asian soup. A nice feature was the amount of squid included in the soup, and the cuttlefish ball.Finally, we had #34 on the menu, the spicy beef with the XO sauce (though we actually substituted chicken for the beef), and it definitely has a little bit of chili powder and kick. Not extremely hot, but just enough spice to mix with the flavor to produce a great dish. The only thing I'd change is that they were pretty heavy on the amount of onions in the dish, but overrall great dish.Service was quick, efficient, tables are turned quickly, and food came out quickly. On top of that, the place is CHEAP! Most of the dishes are $5.95, at best, and several are under $5.
3	I have never had hand pulled noodles before so i ordered it in both the beef stew soup i ordered which was okay. Also in the fried chicken noodles i had ordered. The noodles were tasty but i suggest cutting them a bit so its a little easier to eat.  What i happened to love the most out of our full order was the fried pot stickers and the sauce that came with it was amazing!! i cant wait to go back to order more of the pot stickers and try their boba smoothies and milk tea because i love GOOD boba spots worth going too. upon arriving i could tell they seemed irritated i had come last minute. i personally am not a fan of staying later than what avg store hours are because i know how it feels.  But only thing was that it was probably half an hour before closing time! i understand you want to go home, everyone does! but to make me feel rushed is not a benefit to your establishment IMO.  I will give it another go one of these days but not just yet.
4	The China Magic Noodle House is down the street from my house. Since I couldn't think of any other place to grab lunch today, I thought I would check out the noodle house to see what all the fuss was about. What fuss am I referring to? This place was voted in the Phoenix New Times as one of the best places to get hand made noodles in 2010. I'm not a small eater. I make it a point to try a few things on the menu to get an idea what the place is like. China Magic Noodle House offers more to customers than just noodles. That being said, my order consisted of 2 egg rolls, 8 steamed pork dumplings, and a bowl of beef with hand pulled noodles. To drink? Water. Gotta keep that palette cleansed. After placing my order and waiting for about 10 minutes, all of my menu items appeared on my table steaming hot. The bowl consisted of sliced beef, cilantro, green onion, beef broth, and of course the hand pulled noodles. The bowls are huge and for $5.75, I was getting more than I was paying for. Not a bad thing! The flavor of the bowl was good. There was a little too much cilantro for my liking, but not enough for me to complain about. So, if you are NOT a fan of cilantro, beware. For me though, I like spice and I added two spoonfuls of chili oil with chili flakes to my bowl of beef and noodles. Just to ensure that I had enough spice, I added just a teaspoon of Sriracha sauce to the bowl. The broth stayed hot the entire time in the bowl and the hand stretched noodles were amazing. You can definitely tell the difference from their noodles verse the crap you buy in the store. You know what I am talking about!The steamed dumplings were great as well. They served a mildly sweet sauce with the pork dumplings. Honestly, the dumplings on their own are amazing. All of the dumplings were about the size of a golf ball and definitely enough to fill you up. Finally, I had the egg rolls. They were filled with pork and veggies and served with hot mustard and sweet & sour sauce. They were the best egg rolls I have had in a long time. My total bill for all of these items was $15 and some change. I would definitely go back again. The food was great and the front of house staff were very nice and friendly. The China Magic Noodle House is tucked away in the Lee Lee Market Center on the southside of the property. I was very pleased with my experience and even more excited they are down the street from my house.
5	This place is the best!!! They make the noodles fresh to order and even have a little viewing window so you can watch them make it. The prices are reasonable and the staff is super friendly. I love coming here.
4	Been here twice now.  Was introduced to it by a coworker when we decdied to take a bit of extra time for lunch one day.  First thing I tried was the seafood with corn, and was happy to find the noodles were tasty and stretchy; there is a big difference between this and buying them dry at the store.  And, yes, it is a completely different texture than what most people here are used to.  They are Chinese noodles after all, and not pasta.  The dish as a whole was good, even though they used imitation crab, which I usually avoid.  The fact I enjoyed it regardless is saying something.I also stole both some of the steamed and fried dumplings from my lunchmates, and both were great, although I prefer the fried.  Second visit I went for the seafood noodles and, this time, it was straight up what I love: fish balls, shrimp, squid and scallops, all cooked perfectly in a flavorful sauce.  Also ordered the spicy pig ear, which was quite good, even though the portions are a bit much for an appetizer.  My wife enjoyed her beef noodles with oyster sauce, and I also sampled from my friend's "mixed meat" platter (largely marinated beef and pig ears).  All-in-all a great place so far, and it's nice to have an Asian place to eat again that's not a buffet.
5	Don't worry about the fact that this is in a strip mall, or the Chinatown decor, sit down, preferably near the window & get ready for the show.  I ordered pan fried pot stickers, which were easily the best I've ever had.  Then the fresh mango juice, best I've had since I lived in Brazil & cut the mangoes off the tree.  The spicy pan fried noodles with beef (#34) were flat out incredible.  With prices that are pretty close to what they charge at Panda Express, the food is easily ten times better.  The noodles are scratch made, fresh for every order, and you can watch them slapping & pulling the noodles through the window if you have the right seat.  Go here, even if you order ahead & take it to go.  You won't regret it!
5	I love the food here. LOVE IT! The staff is excellent as well. Fantastic noodles!
4	I just polished off a few things and I'm actually having a hard time figuring out what I liked most.  Ordered the #34 per another user's recommendation and it is pretty not bad - definitely spicy!  Enjoyed the pan fried dumplings - fat and flavorful!  Very tasty - definitely a re-do.  And ordered the #56 Salt and Pepper Shrimp.  Wasn't sure what to expect with that one, but it's basically tempura shrimp with sliced jalapenos on a bed of lettuce.  Good enough for me - I topped my noodles with the extra roughage from the shrimp and kept going.  I'd go on, but I really need another drink and something to keep my nose from running - it was nice and spicy, oh so worth it.  Will be going back to explore more options!
5	Went there the other night my boyfriend had #34 and ate the whole plate with shaved noodles.  I got the seafood noodle bowl soup and it was so delicious.  We had a side of pan fried dumplings and there were so yummy!  We are for sure going back there again.  The staff was super friendly :) Cash only for a reason and worth it!
5	I've been wanting to try this place since moving to Chandler last month and especially after reading the reviews.  Ordered take out tonight and it was absolutely delicious!  They take "carbs" to a whole new level :)  The noodles stand on their own....you can absolutely tell that they are homemade.  The thick noodles (there are several varieties) with minced pork sauce have a wonderful savory flavor and include diced cabbage and green onions.  The egg rolls were just as delicious and even the chicken fried rice (I know, rice at a noodle place?) was perfectly prepared.This will definitely be another "go to" spot in lovely Chandler :)
4	If you want noodles, this is the place, they have them stir fried, steamed & in soups, the menu is simple, the prices are cheap, and the food AMAZING!I wanted to go check out China Magic Noodle House Friday night for dinner but was having a hard time getting someone to go with me, so finally I got my daughter & her best friend to say yes they will go. They both work and it was rare that they had a Friday night off and they wanted to head over to the Ostrich Festival and not hang out with a parent unit LOL .  Each one of us ordered a different dish, one ordered the noodles with minced pork sauce, another ordered the beef fried noodle dish (forget its name or number but it looks like chow main) and I ordered the beef with oyster sauce, Let me tell you, each dish was delish! The noodles are so fresh! The girls enjoyed watching the noodles being made through the window. I can't wait to try out other things on the menu.
3	First time getting hand-pulled noodles, and they were not bad!  Fried noodle w/beef, and thick noodles ($8).  The noodles were thicker than the chopstick and had a distinct chewiness to them, which i enjoyed.  Despite being a noodle dish, there wasn't much noodles.  There also wasn't a lot of beef, but there was a ton of veggies.Lastly, there is a viewing window customers can walk up to and watch the chef work his hand-pulled noodle magic.
4	An acquaintance of mine from out of town had recommended this place to some friends of mine this afternoon, saying that it was better than noodle places in Seattle, Washington, so we had checked it out. I had ordered iced coffee with boba, as well as #34- Beef with Fried Noodles in XO Spicy Sauce. The order seemed to have been brought to us fairly quickly, and the portion was fairly large; thus a good amount for the price of $7.95.I have a high level of spice tolerance, and so the level of spice was not very high for me, and I had ended up adding Sriracha sauce. However, it tasted good, and I would recommend trying this dish.Also, the server was very friendly and professional.
5	Awesome! Here are some of the dishes we order every time we are in town. Steam dumplings, greens, fried tofu, salt and pepper fried shrimp, beef with fried noodles in XO spicy sauce, and beef noodles with lemon topped with garlic. All are very tasty.Oh and the boiled peanuts and pickled radish appetizer are really good.
4	I like this place.  Hand pulled noodles are awesome and I love how fobby it is!  This place gets awesome-points for hand pulled noodles, looking like Taiwan, inexpensive pricing, big portions, and the large window that allows you to look into their kitchen and watch the guy make noodles.I must say I'm hard on Asian restaurants because I've eaten lots of Taiwanese/Chinese cuisine in the bay area and LA.  The food here is authentic.  The taste is pretty good if you order the right things.  The beef noodle soup could be better; if you do have a hankering for "hong shao niu rou mian", this will allieve it but you'll probably think there's something missing from it.Favorites: Noodles in spicy sauce (vegetarian)Beef noodles with oyster sauce
5	For people who haven't eaten here yet and the people who claim that the soup is bland:When your soup is served, go ahead and add half a soup-spoon full of soy sauce, an equal amount of vinegar, and a tiny scoop of chili oil.  Taste the broth and add more if needed.  After you've achieved perfection, sprinkle some white pepper on there.  It's so much better than ground black pepper.  Trust me.Especially with the soup, they're pretty much handing you a blank canvas.  It's up to you to personalize it to suit your taste.--------------------------------------For those who like to order appetizers and have a little time between your first course and your main course:In this restaurant, you have to be proactive.  You have to take the timing of your meal into your own hands.  Order your drinks and appetizers first, nothing else.  Wait until you finish your appetizers before you order your main course.  It usually comes out very quickly anyways.  If you order all of your food at the same time, most likely it will all come out at the same time.--------------------------------------This is just an update of my first review of China Magic.  Please read my original review for my critique of this restaurant.
5	Delicious. Cheap. and FUN!This place is AMAZING....fresh, hand-made noodles (or pulled, I should say) taste as good as they sound! They give you a TON of food, and most dishes are under 7 bucks! You just can't go wrong! The beef with oyster sauce I think was my favorite thing at our table. I had ordered the noodles with minced pork, which was also really good. I heard high reviews at our table for the soup in beef broth and my husband was in heaven with his ox-tail stew. Everything was so fresh and awesome, and the service was so friendly!!! They have really nice people working here and helpful in suggesting what to eat. Now, the fried rice did come out a bit bland....but, just add a little soy sauce and it's *perfect*. I actually prefer it when restaurants let you control the saltiness of your food, so that wasn't a big deal to me. I'm so excited about this place! Can't wait to introduce it to my friends :)(the boba is really good too!)
4	I've been to China Magic Noodle many times over the years; it's one of my husband's favorite places to eat. The employees are friendly and prompt to provide service.I always get #34 (Beef, Noodles, w/XO sauce) or the #27 (Seafood Noodle Soup) and love both. The noodles plates are big; unless you are a big eater, expect to take some home. The mango smoothie w/boba is also delicious; you can taste the fruit and know it's fresh.I agree w/some of the other reviewers regarding the smell - this place definitely has a "smell" to it, who knows what it is - but it's not a disgusting/offensive smell. Overall the place is clean, the service is good, and the food is great!
5	love this place! i really like their soups and how you can see the guy in the kitchen window making fresh dough and stretching it to make noodles!everything is fresh and looks like a clean atmosphere.its a small hidden place in the leelee market plaza.its like a diamond in the rough.
4	HAND PULLED NOODLES...  I have had these before in Hong Kong and Cali.  Never expected in AZ.  These are as fresh as you can get your noodles!!!Got the #18 - Beef with Oyster Sauce and I picked the standard ramen noodles.  The noodles were good and the flavor of the beef and oyster sauce was outstanding!!  The steamed dumplings were so so good.  YUM YUM!!!  Also ordered the milk tea with boboa (it was ok).  The service was ok too.  We were waiting for 2 more people to join us, they never came to take our drink order.  They waited for everyone to get there and then took our drinks & food order.
5	Everything on the menu is good. I usually get the chicken fried rice but I really like the dumplings and noodle soups (of course lol).  What i like most is the service -- everyone is friendly and the food comes out super quick. I would recommend it for weekday lunches if you only have an hour.
1	Inexpensive but food has no taste. Staff always staring.
4	Fresh hand pulled noodles.  Inexpensive.  Excellent!  I like the noodles with curry and shrimp. The mango juice, however, tasted  like sugar-water.  Taiwan Food Express, a few miles north on Dobson, at the Mekong Plaza, makes good fruit juice smoothies.
4	First-time hand pulled noodler here.  They're so great!  With a little bit of chew to them and the non-homogeneity to keep it interesting, and whatever flour they use is awesome.  They were like a cross between buckwheat soba and pho noodles in texture.  I want them all the time.Three of us had soup noodles.  You pick your sauce/topping, then one of five kinds of noodles to go with it.  All three soups were super, with not too salty, flavorful broths and lots of meat.  I only wish there were more vegetables in my soup, but I guess it's a Chinese thing.  We also got the spicy pig ears.  The large is a waaaay big plate, and they come with a little bit of pickled vegetable slaw too.  My first time, I think, having pig ear.  I don't know how to describe it... gelled?  Firm?  It's worth trying just because the texture is so different from other animal parts, and because it's an interesting animal part, but I probably won't get it again.  Too much meat for me.Quick, tasty, cheap.  Not the healthiest though.
5	Great hand pulled noodles are a textured sensation! Watching your noodles being pulled to order is an added extra! Very simple preparations so don't expect a lot of complexity. Just plain good noodles.
4	Very fun place to eat.  Super friendly and helpful staff allow you to understand this unique format for eating.  Great way to eat at your own pace and the food is light, full of variety, healthy and hugely flavorful.  Nice atmosphere that allows an intimate table for two or a decent sized group.  Comfortable, hip atmosphere.  BYOB allows you to not be disappointed with the wine list.Great stuff!
4	I was actually against going to this place, but my boyfriend insisted and was drawn in to these hand-pulled noodles. So off we went...Plenty of parking in front of this corner resto in the plaza. Open til 10pm I believe on Saturday. Typical Asian joint. We got the assorted marinated meat combo appetizer (which tasted awesome IN my soup). I went for the oxtail soup while the boyfriend had beef noodles in oyster sauce. Both of course with the hand pulled noodles.We both slurped up all of our noodles. Happy tummies! And very friendly on the wallet. Great find on our short visit to Arizona.
4	4.5 star for certain!  Man I really like this place.  I dined there for the first time with my family this evening and none of us were disappointed at all.  The noodles are very good and have a lot of texture to them.  The broth that they used in the soups was very flavorful but not greasy or oily.  It felt really healthy and fresh.  The cooks were making noodles in the back and it is very entertaining to watch.  There smoothies are freaking wonderful!  I would however shy away from the tapioca balls unless you know you like them.  They are pretty gummy and do not dissipate or melt in your mouth like I expected.  . We also had an order of pan fried pot stickers which is one of my favorites and these were the best I have ever eaten.  The dough was perfect, light, crispy, yet moist.  The filling was very meaty and had nice flavors of lemongrass and ginger.  The sauce was excellent as well - lighter than most butt this is good in this case.  I am very excited to have found my new lunch and dinner place.  The bill for a family of four was $40 and that included three smoothies, four entrees, and a large app of pot stickers.  The setting in the only drawback but as a foodie I do not go to places often for ambiance.  It is clean and the kitchen is visibly clean as well which is great to see. The service was efficient and and prompt.  I swear they will get you your food faster than Mc-E-D's which just adds to the place when dining for lunch when you only have an hour to burn.  Go, and enjoy it!
4	Best fresh noodle house hands down. #34 with shrimp is the best, also don't forget to try the honey peach smoothie....YUM!
4	Home made fresh noodles.  Reminds me of San Francisco china town food.
5	I love this place the noodles are hand made, great prices, large portions, super quick and friendly staff !
4	One of the few really unique places I've been to in the East Valley. I really like that you can watch them pull the noodles that you're going to eat.I got the seafood soup one, which was a bit bland without me adding a bunch of sauces and pepper to it, but the beef noodles with oyster sauce that my brother got was quite tasty. I totally stole a few pieces of beef from him. The noodles in both were chewy and fresh. If you don't request a specific type of noodle, I think they default to the ramen ones--a little thicker than "normal" ramen but much yummier. We also both got boba milk tea, which was decent (you could tell it was made from real tea) and reasonably priced at $2.50.I will be back.
5	i'm not a big noodle person but i had to try this place after reading a number of articles on it.  I got the seafood pasta and the bf got a beef stir fry. We also got a small plate of fresh veggies and pig ear. The food was fast, tasty, and cheap. I was a little disappointed with the seafood pasta dish in that it seemed to just be some corn, shrimp, and crab meat in alfredo sauce but that was more my fault on picking the wrong dish. The noodles were soft and tender. You can also watch the guy match the noodles too. The small dishes or veggies and pig ear taht we got was a lot more than what I was expecting. I also liked that they give you a small dish of peanuts and radish. Overall the food was cheap and tasty which is what I like and look for.
5	Vegetables noodles is flat noodles "A".
4	I am a real fan of Pho and there are quite a few option in this area. I have seen this place next to LeeLee's for a while but never thought anything of it. The other night I needed something just for myself so i figured I would go in for a to-go order.It was really quite good. Everything was fresh - especially the noodles - and the meat and broth were great tasting. One of the better places in the area. Looking forward to going back. Service was very friendly and fastWhile the place had a funky smell upon entering - don't let that put you off. The food is excellent and watching them make the noodles fresh on the spot is an extra treat.
3	I liked CMNH.  I didn't love it, but I'll be back because my 3 year old daughter LOVED it.  She had the B noodles in the chicken stir fry.  I liked the flavors in her dish a lot.  I had the D noodles with beef.  Very bland.  With the chili oil and a little srirachi, it was ok, but still not a lot of flavor.  When I go back, I'm going to try one of the soups and get one of the stir fried noodle dishes to see if I just chose the wrong dish.  We also had the chilled spicy beef tendon which was ok, but not great.
4	It is magic that in this modern age that the noodles are not mass produced very far from my table. One of the fun aspects of this place is the window in to the kitchen where they pull noodles. I had my back to it and managed to get a good amount of sauce on my short trying to catch a glimpse of the noodle artists in action. The menu is a pretty good size, however there are only 3-4 vegetarian options.  The waiter was nice enough to make a few recommendations and modifications. Prices are low about $7 per dish. The dishes are a bit on the Smaller side for us big Americans so if you have a few people get 1 extra and share.We had the veggie noodles and noodles with sesame paste. The veggie ones were quite familiar with the wake taste beansprouts and other veggiesThe one with the sesame paste was great, but could have used a veggie to offset the texture.bottom line fun place good food but limited veg options.
5	This place should be called Magic OMFG Noodle because it was soooooooo gooooooood!  I had the regular noodles with the Beef/Oyster sauce and it did not disappoint.  My friend got a larger size of noodle and said that it was a little too much noodle and she would go with regular next time but the food was still very good.  I ordered the egg rolls which were very "meh" but the noodles more than made up for it.  Wish they carried beer or wine but by the time I finished my plate, there wasn't room in my stomach for anything else.
4	Good dumplings, they're huge! It's a meal in itself. Stir fry noodles are great. I like the seafood better than the xo beef. Didnt really taste any xo sauce, seems like they just added a bit of chili oil and some whole fried chilis (like the ones that come in Kung pao)Noodles with minced pork - I was skeptical at first because it didnt look promising based off the photos I've seen but it was really good. Good flavor. Beef stew - will not order again. Beef was tough n chewy, not edible. Broth was bland.
3	First visit here.  This place is unique.  They make their noodles fresh by hand.  You can watch the guy do it!  Very cool.There are various Chinese dishes, all featuring noodles (of course).  Also soups (with noodles, of course).  Appears to be reasonably traditional and authentic.  The food came out amazingly quickly.  Hot and fresh.  And it was very good.I'm giving 3 stars for now because I can't say I'm a fan yet.  But I will be back, and I reserve the right to change my rating!  For now, I'm glad I tried this place.  I look forward to trying again.
5	9/13/12 ...Fast service & fast cook!!"
3	China Magic Noodle House is a tough one to rate. I would like to give it a 3.5, but couldn't really give it 4 stars. Please read below to understand why because truly their food is awesome!Let's start with the BAD. Service here is not only bad but tricky. If you walk in and more people walk in after you, you need to keep track of where you were in line to get seated properly and you can't be afraid to let them know you're next to be seated. Also don't try and seat yourself even if you see an available clean table. I watched another couple get scolded for that. They only have roughly 15 tables so if you go during a busy time expect to wait. Otherwise go at an off time like 2pm or 8pm and you'll be seated faster. Once you have a table, regardless if you were sat before another customer, you may not get to order your food before them as you would at another restaurant. To help get your order placed quickly once you've figured out what you want close your menus and start making eye contact with the people running the show. Next, if you order an appetizer do not expect to get it prior to your main dish. The first time we came here we ordered egg rolls, steamed dumplings, and two noodle dishes. The first item to make it to our table was my noodle dish, next came the dumplings, after that came my hubby's dish and lastly we received our egg rolls. So keep that in mind! Also they don't ever seem to ask if you want anything to drink so we always accept the water they bring and have yet to have any other type of drink. It always seems to be the same two guys that take care of all the tables so if you need something you really have to grab their attention. I'm not an overly assertive person and usually at restaurants I'll wait for a server to ask how I'm doing before asking for something but here they don't check on anyone so you literally need to make eye contact and maybe even give a little wave in order to have them come by. Once you're done with your food, again, you need to get their attention to get your check and some to-go boxes for your left overs. All of this is why I am giving the lower rating.The GOOD: Truly the food is fantastic! Every table gets a small plate with vinegar Chinese radish root shavings and boiled vinegar peanuts. If you've never had them give them a try! We are completely in LOVE with the egg rolls. They're extremely flavorful, very large, and come out piping hot. The steamed dumplings are also big and quite tasty. I would like to try their fried ones at some point. The first time we came here I had the noodles with beef and lemon and my hubby had their stir fried chicken noodle dish, both were tasty. Since then we have tried their noodle soup dishes and love them so much it's probably what we'll continue to get. The noodle soup dishes come out steaming hot with a heaping helping of flavorful broth, the seasoned meat of your choice, and veggies. It's excellent!The atmosphere is okay. They have about 15 tables as I stated earlier, this includes a handful of booths along the side wall, two large tables for big parties and some tables with chairs in the center of the dining area. On the walls they have pictures of their dishes, and towards the back there is a window where you can watch the handmade noodles being made from scratch.Despite the service issues we will continue to come here on a regular basis as we really love their food but until the service improves I have to keep the mediocre rating. Part of a dining EXPERIENCE is not just the food but the service and atmosphere and while the food is wonderful; their service is just very poor and lacking.
3	Took off a star and a half because the novelty of the hand pulled noodle show has worn off and to be honest I don't think the hand pulled noodles taste any better than store bought dried noodles, or dare I say it, not even as good, and aside from the fresh noodle show I don't think the dishes here are that good.  I'll just be going back to all my favorites a few miles further north on Dobson, or just around the corner at Peking Palace - oops I mean Phoenix Palace - Peking Palace is my favorite in Tucson.  2 1/2 stars rounded up to 3.
4	Watch noodles being pulled while you wait! lol The thick noodles are the best, they are long, mis-shaped, chewy and just plain wonderful. However, the real gems on the menu have nothing to do with noodles! Their you choy (their spelling) and the green beans with garlic are phenomenal. The you choy is served in a delicate light broth, and steaming hot. The green beans are stir-fried whole with large cloves of garlic, worth the long drive to Mesa. The service is not great, at all, but if you are looking for good customer service and cheery employees, you are shopping in the wrong plaza. Its part of the fun though right?
2	Just your average hole in the wall Chinese restaurant. I got the Mongolian Beef and all I can really say about it is that it is average. If you're in the area and craving Chinese food this is definitely a good fix but I wouldn't go here unless I was already nearby.
2	I drove 45 minutes to get here. The place was chinatown cute and the menu looked bomb but the service was SKIMPY. They were nice enough but they seat you,, get your drinks/food to you and that's IT. We aren't high maintenance so it wasn't a big deal for us but I can see this being an issue for others. 3 of us got soups with different width noodles. I ordered the same type of noodles as my husband but when received, my noodles looked at least twice the width as his. The broth was ho hum just not enough of a savory type flavor and the noodles bland and tasted doughy. There were a couple things that were good (like the potstickers YUM, teriyaki chicken, fried tofu) but the general feeling at the table was an ehhhhhhhh :/My  family politely chatted about maybe trying other items next time but I felt like there was alot of disappointment around the table (not to mention leftovers that no one wanted to take home).Yelp-You totally let me down on this one :(
4	fantastic!!! i have been searching for a good noodle place since my move & love it!!! steamed dumplings to start were delicious and arrived within 5 minutes of ordering. ordered the seafood soup with noodles and was thrilled with it. the brooth was hot and tasty and the noodles were fantastic!!! will def be a repeat customer.
4	The potstickers here are a-mazing! Noodles are fantastic. Fried rice was nothing special, but still flavorful.
5	Still have awesome noodles! I always ordered #16A & veg's garlic stir fry!
4	My food was really good, I had the 31 with B noodles. Noodles were nice and thick like I like them.I'd go again.
3	Ho ho hoIt's China Magic you knowNever believe, it's not soIt's China Magic you knowNever believe, it's not so(Lyrics - E.L.O. - Oh oh oh It's Magic)China Magic Noodle House is located in the heart of what I call the Asian Center!  Yes, right on Dobson and Warner is where all the my Asian peeps hangout - haha!  CMNH is both a specticle and an eatery.  The man behind the glass window stretches and spins noodle dough while you watch in amazment.  How does he do that!?  Needless to say, he is spinning your noodles up and around the air.  This time around I ordered the Stir Fry Noodles with spicy X.O. Sauce, while my bro ordered the Ox tail soup with noodles.  I must say my noodles were a tad bit hard, but I ordered the "D" noodles which were the large flat noodles.  I would recommend the spaghetti style since I think they would cook better.  With 5 different styles you can't lose!  My bro's Ox tail soup looked interesting, but he said it was OK at best so I'm going to have to take his word for it.  Overall, I really enjoyed the hand made noodles and the different ways they cook it up.  The best part is being able to watch them make the noodles.  For what you pay for I think it's awesome.  Some dishes start at $5 -- where else can you find that aside from Mc-d's! - Enjoy!
5	I will say that the service is not the best in town! However, you really don't go there for the service. The food is wonderful and quick. I would suggest the Spicy beef fried noodles and pan fried dumplings.
1	An old customer lost.  For years I've been coming here every time I come into town.  No more.   We had a table of 9 and the waiter was so rude and condescending when we asked him to repeat our order (he did get one wrong, btw).  When our food came is was ok, not spectacular like before.  The waiter slapping our dishes down where ever he wanted on the table didn't make it any better.  I won't be going back.
4	Authentic. Very good pot stickers and egg rolls. Be prepared, the noodles are not like Top Ramen, they are more like what you would get in China. They do give you a questionable smelling plate of pickled things when you are seated, expect the smell but don't let it put you off.
5	Handmade noodles, pretty much as good as it getsRemember that just like Pho, you need to add vinegar, white pepper, chile paste, sirachi, soy, to the flavor profile you desire - it may take a few attempts to create the perfect flavor profileHowever once you unlock your hidden combination it is fantasticThe best soup is the beef stew, it is superior to the ox tail, the oxtail is good but the beef stew is a better overall dish, and I highly recommend getting the salt and pepper shrimp, they serve you a huge plate of shrimpThe boiled peanuts and daikon are for texture and palate cleansing to break up the soft noodle and salty broth, great combination
5	It's due time I write a review for this place.  I come here and pick up food twice a week.  Like others say about it, I crave it hours after I am done eating.  I always get the same thing because I love it.  The sliced beef soup.  I am not sure why.  I am not one to eat the same things all the time, however... this is my favorite meal of the past 6 months.  My wife loves the chicken stir fry.  Yesterday we tried the dumplings and they were splendid as well. This place also always has a crowd.  It's not like Jong Wah where you're lucky to find one person dining in.  The family that runs the place is very friendly and accommodating.  They remember me and my son when we go in there.  Some conversation is struck up with the owner, he is a very nice man.  My son loves watching them make the noodles, they always smile and wave to him.  He also LOVES the smoothies.SLICED BEEF TIP OF THE DAYWord of advice with the slice beef soup for take out... take all the noodles and put them in a bowl.  Spoon out all the veggies and beef (I also add a marinated egg every time) now you have a cup of broth.  Add one packet of soy sauce, a tsp of sirachi and half a ramekin of the homemade chili oil they give you.  Stir it up and pour over the noodles.  It will have a tiny kick but will not be over bearing.  Do not try this if you don't like spice.
4	Atmosphere and decor are pretty basic and may fall  short for some, but the food more than makes up for it. Portion sizes are generous and food always satisfies. Great place to go when your tired of the usual.Soda is sold by the can, just FYI.
4	Fresh and yummy.  I nice change from Pho
5	This place really is a "hole in the wall" location.  In fact, if you blink, you might miss it!  But you have to check it out and keep looking until you find it.  All the noodles are handmade fresh, and they are delicious!  Cooked just right, and you can even watch as they are being made.  They let you choose the type of noodle you want with your dish.  My favorite so far are the thick noodles.  Similar to udon noodles.  Their steamed dumplings are HUGE (and also handmade) and are probably the best I've ever had.  The staff is very friendly.  No complaints at all about this place.  My most recent time, I got the spicy beef stir fry.  The beef was tender and seasoned perfectly.  And of course, the noodles were excellent. My one suggestion is that if you are with a big group, do carry out instead.  It's a very small location and you might be in for a long wait if you're with a large group.  Just make sure you try it!  You won't be sorry.
4	Yessss a great noodle house this is...strictly second time around and no disappointment! Minced pork was fantastic! Mmm pot sticker too...oh they got boba tea!
2	The only good dish there is the Minced pork noodle and Pan fried dumpling. The other dishes are worst compare to other nearby Chinese restaurants. The services are one of the worst base on the two incidences I have had. I will no longer go there nor bringing my co-workers there:1st incidence: I ordered a dish that is pretty much tasteless. I asked them  to bring the salty level to same as the Minced pork noodle dish. Their respond is why don't you just add more soy source yourself.2nd incidence: A group of co-workers and I went there today. One of the co-workers ordered a seafood noodle dish that has some white source on it, which taste very plain. He asked to replace a different dish. The asian male server with the eyeglasses, has to come back and threaten my co-worder in front of  7 of us that if he wants to switch the dish, they are still going to charge the more expensive dish that he didn't like before.
5	Wow.. I am blown away by my meal here last night. The lamb noodle soup has me craving more. I am going for seconds tonight.
4	I live about 1000 miles across town from this place, but was driving my husband to the Mesa Gateway Airport, which I swear was in western New Mexico and needed to take a detour here on the way home. I had heard and read so much about it plus I am a sucker for Asian food and noodles, so not really a choice.I took some time to learn the menu, full of dozens of options plus LOTS of authentic Asian delicacies, such as pig ears and tendon (neither of which I fear) and after a recommendation from the waiter, settled on the ground pork in sauce (over noodles of course). The food literally hit my table in less than 5 minutes! It was hot and delicious and I got to watch them making noodles while I ate. There were so many combinations I would have like to have tried. Next time I have a few hours to kill, I will grab some friends or family to go with me so I can try more entrees by stealthily eating off their plates. If you are lucky enough to live near by, GO. NOW! And think of me...PS: In multiple subsequent visits I would have to say you should not miss the XO sauce on either the wide or shaved noodles and the not to be missed dumplings, steamed or fried (though I think I preferred the steamed) are mind boggling in the amount of flavor packed into those puppies and the amount you get for the teeny price is incredible.
4	I guess a lot of people come here for their hand pulled noodles...but I'm not the biggest fan of those....If you like the thicker style noodles, then I think the hand pulled noodles is worth trying.This place is definitely different from other chinese places, so its a good change from typical chinese restaurants.
5	We have enjoyed this restaurant many times and tried many of the dishes and have always left happy.  The prices are great and the portions are huge.
4	6 star food, 3 star ambiance, 4 star review.It is the real deal for Chinese food. I have pretty Americanized tastes, but even I could appreciate their menu watching them make the noodles right then and there is so cool for someone who does not know much about the process. The food itself is very darn tasty. The shredded noodles are thick, filling, and delicious especially with beef. I have gotten beef tripe stew here and it was awesome; it felt like I was eating Asian menudo and that's a great feeling.Service was good, but this place is just not special inside. It is not very nice inside to impress people which is a shame because the food is great and priced very well. One last thing the portions are also very large, a definite plus.
5	Whoooo-Hoooooo Hand drawn noodles are da bomb and this place didn't disappoint. Chinese Dumplings were some of the best I've ever had (including Mainland China). The filling was perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of ginger and garlic. The soup with noodles was to die for, it's not PHO people (other yelpers have confused it) it's Chinese soup and they pulled off the broth perfectly. The Stir-fried noodles had a wee bit too much Sesame oil IMHO but they were still very yummy.Service was spot on and friendly. Watermelon and Mango smoothies were super delicious. Price - GREAT value, wish we had this place where I lived.
4	If you're craving delicious lo mein(fried noodles) done right this place has it!  Their noodles are hand pulled and the difference is evident with the first bite.  I've tried their beef lo mein and chicken lo mein so far.  The seasoning is decent not overly salty maybe a tad too much oil but the star of the show is definitely the noodles.  I also had an order of dumplings and they were the best I've had in AZ.  The filling was seasoned just right.
4	If your'e looking to get your noodle fix, this is the place.Tucked in a strip-mall with a funny (yet somehow appropriate) name, this little humble place offers 'hand-pulled' noodles made all day (you can see through the window in to the kitchen where they are pulling the noodles.Been here several times already and I must say, they are a) very friendly b) very quick  c) affordable for going a few times a week and... most importantly d) have tasty food. The atmosphere is mostly of asian families and couples, also enjoying their meal here.I was impressed with our party of, yes, FIFTEEN co-workes (my idea!) who sloppily put together 2 round tables and 1 square so we could all fit and who were promptly served... it wasn't even a few minutes after I had said my order that I got my dish... the only bummer was that we all got our dishes super quick except for our boss (who actually paid for all of us! poor guy!).  They were apologetic and he's a nice guy, so it worked out.Their tapioca milk is yummy and perfectly sweetened, too.Like I said, this is a great spot if you're looking to fill your noodle cravings... I absolutely will be coming back.PS: I would not recommend take-out of the noodle soups... did this and, though it was filing and such, it wasn't as flavorful that the noodles hadn't melded w/ the broth long enough.
4	This is one of those places you want to keep secret so they won't get overwelmed and go downhill.   Or raise prices.   Get the dumplings, ever if you don't like dumplings.  You will like these.  Its good .   Soup or stir fry.   Its yummy yummy.   Its not fancy.   The wait people are polite and keep the drinks filled.
5	Truthfully -- I have been here not once, not twice, but THRICE and my noodles were  always a little funky and dry. "Pete, why are you continuing to eat there if the food is marginal and the service average at best?" you ask. I'll tell you. Where else in the whole state of Arizona can you watch a man make noodles (Chinese or otherwise) RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR FACE!!! I support that kind of dining experience. Noodle on China Magic Noodle House! On another note, those complimentary boiled peanuts and pickled daikon are gonna give you some wicked breath. I say avoid that and pray your food comes fast.
3	I really like the food here but as other's have mentioned, this is a pretty low-frills place with a very particular (and unappetizing) smell to it. However, the staff is always friendly, the prices are reasonable and they bring your food out super quick. Your first time here (and if you are not used to authentic Asian noodles) you may feel like the noodles are undercooked and a little chewy but once you get used to it you'll realize they are much better that way! If you order the thinner noodles then it is less noticeable. I can recommend anything off the "stir-fry" section of the menu. Even those used to American style PF Chang's will like those options. I love their dumplings as well but as other reviewers have mentioned they are humungous and you get six of them so only order that if you are with a group of hungry people!
3	I was in the mood for noodles or something and happened upon this Chinese place tucked around the corner  of a strip mall/grocery plaza.  Not opened Mondays so that is a good thing to note.I wasn't overly fond of the beef and lemon...but the dumplings were amazing...huge...a meal in itself.  The egg rolls were good but a little crispy for my taste.  Prices weren't terrible..I spent 20 bucks on 2 apps, 1 enter and a soda( can so no refills). I would go here again just try something else...another note...freshly pulled noodles and you can view them through the picture window facing the inside of the kitchen.
4	Get dumpling pot stickers they are the best!!! Great!
5	This was seriously one of the best meals I've had in a very long time. I had the spicy ground pork dish - it was almost a religious experience. I'll definitely be back. As soon as I can!
5	Inspired to write this because I saw a photo on yelp that was titled "steamed gyoza-FAIL". Allow me set the record straight:The dumplings here are straight up amazing. I lived in China for a year and I ate more than my fair share of dumplings...and I will tell you that these are the only ones I've found in the US that we're even close to resembling what I had in china. No, they aren't the same as the pre packaged skin, tiny, flavorless gray meat filling ones you get at nearly every other restaurant in the states. They are made fresh and legit.The skin is thick and chewy. The meat highly seasoned. And fried to perfection. If you call Chinese dumplings by a Japanese spelling, that should tell you something. And ordering them steamed is a fail in itself, but that is user error, not a fault of the kitchen. In short: go here, order the dumplings, get them fried. You can thank me later.
3	Service was a bit slow, they forgot one of my parties order and joked about it after. Noodled were fresh and good, portion was a bit small, good price, and soup was okay.
4	Who doesn't like noodles?  While you can get noodle-based dishes almost anywhere, China Magic Noodle is special.  Theirs are hand-pulled to order, by someone I can only describe as a Magic Noodle Man.  From the window between the dining room and kitchen you can watch the stretching spinning process as they are created, just for you!While I love the noodles (and I have tried four of the five varieties offered), the real attraction for me are the steamed dumplings.  They also have a pan-fried version, but I like the steamed ones better.  They are amazing - beautiful, huge, pork-filled packets of goodness.  I have at times skipped the other dishes entirely and just had dumplings - they are that good.What would happen if that Magic Noodle Man decided to go on vacation?  Or realized that hand-pulling noodles was no longer his career calling?  I can tell you that for me, the world would be a little less Magic.
5	Wow the food was wonderful and the prices were great. My Husband, 9 year old granddaughter and myself took the trip to Chandler based on the yelp reviews and we were not disappointed   Our granddaughter loved watching the chef make the noodles to order. There is a large window between the dining room and the kitchen so you can see the noodles being stretched and your meal prepared. We had the potstickers (dumplings) to start delicious. Then 3 different noodle dishes - all fabulous. This is not a fancy place the decor is simple and it is located in a strip mall  the emphasis here is definitely on the food.  Great family place.    We will be back often.
4	Tasty fresh handmade noodles. We tried regular size noodles. Egg rolls were ok not great. Noodles is worth coming back :)
4	I've been coming here for awhile and I love this place. It's all about the food and the freshens of the noodles. Don't come here thinking about great atmosphere, decor, or service. This place is all about the good. Fresh noodles. The place is very casual and either you pick  a table or they will pick a table for you. The table already has a bunch of chop sticks and soup spoons stack on each table with paper napkins for your liking. The servers there speak mostly Chinese but can speak English. Sometimes you have to repeat yourself to make sure they got the order right. I always order the seafood noodles with shrimp, squid, and fish balls. It has cabbage, carrots, onions. I have order the different noodle types. Usually order the normal or thick noodles but any noodles you order are always good. They have four or five different noodles you can choose from. Oh yes, the pan fried dumplings are huge. It comes with eight in an order. They are so juicy and always cooked perfectly. I always have to order their dumplings. I think they are probably the best that I've found in Arizona or California. It's that good. Overall, I love this noodle place and have no problem coming here all the time cause the noodles are so fresh. Yum yum. Enjoy
4	Really great noodles. My favorite are the wide flat noodles (labeled "D" on their menu) with beef in the XO sauce. They're thick and pleasantly chewy. And they're hilariously long. One very generous serving might contain only 2-3 noodles, each a several feet long.
3	I really wanted to LOVE this place, turns out I only LIKE it. I had heard about the fresh noodles stretched by hand in a window for diners viewing pleasure...sounds like a rare gem of a place and in a few ways it is! The problem is the physical experience while you are in the restaurant. It's just plain ugly. You feel like you can't trust the food that is about to come your way. The paradox is that the food is really good and for the price, it's excellent! We had the Pan Fried pork dumplings and they were enormous, tender and very well seasoned. The dipping sauce was almost unnecessary, they were that good! The Beef and Pan fried noodles with XO Sauce was REALLY good! Spicy, flavorful, tender beef and their special soft noodles. I think this will be our take out special place from now on.
5	The noodles are delicious and this is an excellent place for kids. I loved that the kids were able to watch the noodles being made and watched them come right out to the table. It makes their food experience more interesting and made for great table conversation.The noodles are hand pulled so don't expect what you would get out of a package. There are inconsistencies in the noodles sizes and separation and that's what makes this place so awesome! it's amazing to watch the process and unique in our cookie cutter machine operated day and age. I felt like I was watching, wait for it...MAGIC! If you don't like thick noodles then be sure to order the thinnest option on the menu. My opinion, yummy and worth taking the family!
5	You haven't eaten here yet?!?  What  are you waiting for??The best noodle restaurant, hands down.  Don't listen to the bad reviews of bland broth.  Duh, see the condiments on the table?  Use them.  The soup is delicious.  Chewy, slurpy noodles in a light broth with your choice of meat or plain, served with spinach, cilantro and green onion.  I can never finish an entire bowl, but get to have them for lunch the next day.Ohh...the dumplings.  Best I've ever had and they are huge - and cheap.Very casual, good service but not hovering.  We go at least once a week - or more!
3	Pretty tasty food but. I was sick so I don't know if it was that or if the soup was loaded with MSG, but my mouth was pretty dry and scratchy afterward. There was also .5 in of a sharp wooden skewer in my soup. They said it was to add flavor to the broth?? Pretty sure it was just a skewer that wasn't caught. I denied the discount and just told them to be more careful. Maybe I'd come back for the dry noodle dishes.
5	A well deserved 5 star restaurant. Cheap and authentic. Fresh pulled noodles everyday. Fast service, lots of space and clean environment.
1	Worst customer service I've ever experienced. I did not like my food, I asked them to please remake it and the cook started yelling and took extreme offense. They have a window where you can watch the cook and he was standing there giving me and my date a dirty look while yelling and refused to do what I requested. I felt very offended and confused. I will never go there again.
5	Is hand making delicious china noodles a magic or an art? Whichever the process requires is fine by me because they are delicious. A little chewy, but full of the favors of the Far East. I had the #24, which is a soup with a healthy portion of beef and the handmade noodles. We drove 40 minutes to try this place, and we were not disappointed.
5	I don't understand some of the low ratings. The food was wonderful and the service was prompt and courteous. The noodles are the best I've had! If you aren't used to firmer and fresh made noodles don't come here. If you prefer over cooked store bought noodles you will be disappointed. Culturally if you disapprove of the food you don't outright complain as it is seen as extremely shameful and rude! If you disapprove then don't eat the food and leave. A full plate left is also insulting but a more acceptable way to show your dissatisfaction. If you don't care about cultural customs then just be a typical un cultured person and whine. Besides all the formalities this is truly a gem of a restaurant as most(99.9%) don't bother making their own noodles. If you like the best noodles outside of expensive places than this is the place!   I had the pork noodle stir fry and it was excellent! It was out to me hot and prompt in about 8 minutes! The service was friendly and I will return :)
5	Their chicken chow Mein is delicious!! You can customize with different noodle types. The service is fantastic and very quick! I love their smoothies as well with boba! I definitely will come here on a regular basis. It's a bit hidden but on the northeast corner of Dobson and Warner!
4	Great food, awesome price, and the owner has never forgotten an order he took.The prices have gone up a little since they first opened, but it's still very cheap, especially considering the portion size. I especially love the hot sesame/chilli oil that they have but it's kind of a hit and miss, Not always made right
5	I had the beef with fried noodles and it was good for my first time here You get to pick from several types of noodles. Will definitely come back to try other dishes.
5	So delicious! I loved everything! I have no clue why anyone would say anything negative about this place.  I will for sure go back.  The dumplings are a must have! Don't let the negative reviews stop you from eating here.
2	There are a lot of good review's about this place. IMHO kinda greasy.Yes the noodles were hand pulled, but kinda ... I will try again, just because I sense it has potential.Unfortunately for now I can only give two stars.
5	This place is amazing! Generous portions and a great price! Service is okay, not the best but I def keep coming back because of the food!
5	What a gem!  This place is a little hidden in the same shopping center as Lee Lee's Asian market, so I had to really look to find it.  We had the egg and vegetable noodle soup, the fried dumplings and the chicken fried noodles.  You can really tell that they make their own noodles.  Delicious!  Don't let the picture on the menu fool you, their portions are HUGE!  I have to second the comments about the amazing service.  Everyone was prompt and polite, and I love that I could see into the kitchen as my noodles were made.  I now have firsthand knowledge of how clean their kitchen is.  I would not hesitate to recommend this place to someone wanting Chinese food that's authentic and a little out of the norm!
5	No. 16 on the menu for any vegetarian is a blessing! Try it. Plus at $5 it is a freaking deal! I have also tried the salt and pepper prawns. They are awesome! They work fast and our food was out in no time. The mango juice with boba drink is really good. Can't wait to go back here again. They keep the place clean and running smoothly.
4	Dumplings. Awesome. Noodles. Also pretty awesome. The texture of the dough/noodles was chewy and yummy. We ordered four noodle dishes... And all had the same flavor except for the meat of choice. Sliced beef. Meh. Go for the beef stew meat if you want beef. The stir fry noodle dish was also more flavorful than the noodle soups. Dont pass on the dumplings. You get 8 gigantic pieces. Mmmmm.
4	I have been itching to go here for the fresh noodles which seems like forever. I ordered the beef with oyster sauce with flat wide noodles, I was expecting a nice dark, flavorful sauce but it was light & pretty mild. I wouldn't order it again. Other people with me got beef & chicken stir fry which I tried & it was PHENOMENAL! I didn't care for the dumplings because it was basically just meat with the dumpling wrapper. I will be back soon for some chicken stir fry!
4	This place is pretty awesome.  You can watch through the window when they make your homemade noodles. It's pretty impressive and the kids love it.  Service is quick, but the service itself is almost nonexistent but the most Asian restaurants are like that so I don't expect anything more or less.  I ordered the seafood noodle dish. The broth was tasty and the noodles had a great texture with chewy perfection.  The hubs had the lamb with noodles which he enjoyed and the toddler had the beef noodle soup.  All were pretty good.  We also ordered the pan fried dumplings and holy cow they were huge.  It was also very good and juicy.  Wish this place wasn't so far from our house because we'd frequent it very often.
2	Had the cold pig ears, pork noodle dish, and pan fried dumplings.  Meh, it was okay but not worth going back.
4	My husband and I were out to dinner at another restaurant and the chef there told us about this place. We were excited to check it out because chefs know all the great places to get a meal and if they recommend a place you owe it to yourself to check it out. This place is off the charts and beyond delicious. The portions are huge, the prices low and the service is quick. You get 8 dumplings in an order and they are huge and sooooo good. I had the noodles with minced pork sauce and my husband had the chicken stir fry with noodles. Both were excellent and we had leftovers for the next day. I also had the mango juice with tapioca. That is something hard to find here and I always get that when I am in Singapore. Magic Noodle makes it better than any place I have been to. Our total bill for all of those things with 20% tip was $30!!! Talk about a deal! We will definitely be back!
2	Pretty boring food and the service was...well let's just say nonexistent.  There are so many other good places to eat, not quite sure why you would eat here.  Boring ( as in no flavor), luke warm food, and cold service....Yikes.
4	My hungry family of 5 tried this place out because of the location and high ratings. I got a little nervous when we pulled up because the front isn't all that inviting (in a strip mall with a vacant tenant next door). We pressed on. I'm really glad we did! Our 3 kids shared the chicken noodles (we chose the flat thick noodles, which was a great choice), and my husband and I shared the beef noodles... which was way better than the chicken. Both were good though. We also got the famous dumplings which were really delicious and huge. Our food came super quick, which is awesome when you have little ones. We got the boba teas for desert and we were full and happy. We still had left overs, even with the two dishes and 1 app. Oh, and the bill was awesome, around $25. Can't beat quality food for that price. We had good quick service too. Totally happy, we'll be back :)
5	Love this place, always get the spicy stir fry noodles. I should try something else, but when it comes time to order I have to get #34.
5	You get to watch them hand pull your noodles fresh for your order! What else do I need to say? This place is great and not very expensive. A must try for sure!
5	Last night I came out of a 3 hr meeting starving and did a nearby search for restaurants- China Magic Noodle House came up with 23 mins before closing!  As I was 5 mins away, I quickly got into my car and dashed over there!!!!When I got there, there were 2 other people in the restaurant and the waiter, understandably was telling them they could only order take out as it was so close to closing time. Of course, I was crest fallen. I mean, I was STARVING!!!  It was a busy day- the last time I had something in my stomach was before noon- and now, I have to have take out and eat the noodles in a darkened parking lot inside my car?!?!What's a girl to do in a situation like this?  I pulled out my best sad puppy eyes and my best Chinese!!!!  And I asked them if I could PLEASE eat the noodle soup inside the restaurant. I think it was the Chinese that did the trick as they were surprised this banana spoke Chinese!!!!Ha!  You can bet this bowl of noodle soup was the best tasting one I had ever had!!!!! Oh so tasty and satisfying for my growling empty stomach!!!!!Yes, be impressed as I ate furiously away at my noodle soup while 3 people watched me, waiting to close. And I finished my bowl of lamb noodle soup, noodle style D in slurping 15 mins so I was belly full satisfied by 9:30pm closing time.  That's right, fastest noodle eating ever!!!!Thanks wait staff at China Magic Noodle House for having a little compassion for this (was) starving little 'ole me to let me eat in the restaurant when really, what you wanted after a long day of working was to close up shop and go home!!!!
5	Probably the best hand pulled noodles you can get in town!I usually order the XO Sauce Beef Noodle Stir Fry (Shaved Noodles always shaved noodles!). Their pan fried dumplings and salt and pepper fish dish is also awesome.They do have a viewing window where you can see the incredible skilled chef pulling the noodles apart.Lastly, I normally finish the meal with a Boba milk tea (delicious).All in all, you're not going to be disappointed with this place!
4	This place is really cool and has some of the freshest Noodles in town. Just happened to be in the neighborhood and had to check them out. After all they have a dude in the back tossing noodle up and down and slamming them on a large table. You can see him through the kitchen window.The menu here has a large assortment of different types of both noodle sizes and shapes. You can basically pick the type of noodle you want and they will make one of their tasty dishes to your specifications.Inside is very nice with all the condiments you need right at your table. Some of the tables are bigger and can suport those crazy noodle parties that can spontaneously erupt.Started with the Pan Fried Dumplings with dipping sauce. The plate was gigantic and could be a meal just by itself. Order the Seafood Noodle Soup with one of the larger flat noodles. Both dishes were delightful and I really enjoyed getting to doctor them up with their homemade hot sauce.So many different things on the menu with several choices of flavors and textures. This place is really fun and a delicious treat. Can't wait to come back and try some of their other items. Hear that the Spicy Pig Ear is also very good. No Pun intended.Located in the same parking lot as Lee Lee's. See ya there next time. MAGIC TAKES THE SHOT ... SCORES!4.5 STARS
4	Beef noodles with oyster sauce. Thats dat shit I do like! Nothing fancy here. If you're lookin to grub, this is just the place! The steamed dumplings are huge and delicious. Get them!
4	What a great little find.We had flat fried noodle with chicken (best thing of the night)spicy thick beef noodle, tastyYou choy with oyster sauce, very tastygreen beans, very yummyPan friend buns, also deliciousI really enjoyed my meal.they hand make every noodle to orderI typically don't care for fresh noodles because they have a "raw egg taste," to me, but this place had fantastic noodles.I'm excited to go back and try one of the noodle soups.
4	1st time there and we were NOT disappointed.  Spicy stir fried beef with those fresh homemade noodles was quite tasty and the place reminded me of being in Asia.  Very reasonable priced and right next to Lee Lees World Market!
5	I lalalove this place! A friend came with and enjoyed it too! The food was great, the restaurant is clean. We had the shaved noodles with pork, regular noodles with beef, chicken fried rice (real chicken), and pan fried dumplings! Leftovers are delicious!
4	(+)s:Hidden in a random plaza, staff that only speaks Chinese, a view into the kitchen where you can watch the hand pulled noodles being prepared. Great prices for authentic chinese food. I've only been here once but the spicy noodles here are scrumptious. If I come back the next time and the food is still consistently delicious, this will definitely become a 5 star review
4	They serve the best Chinese style noodle in Arizona. You are able to try from soup noodle to fried noodle, from hand-pull to shaved noodle. They can be very thin or very wide. Price is reasonable. My favorite is beef stew with soup noodle. Cannot get enough!
5	SO Good!  Homemade AND absolutely yummy.  Affordable, generous portions. Deserts are also out of this world. Can't go wrong between this and other restaurants in this shopping center.  Best to go on weekdays to avoid crowds.  I'll be frequenting this place often!  I'm from Boston and thought this tops many of the restaurants, there. That's quite a compliment.
5	My daughter and I had lunch here today.  It was a cool, authentic Chinese restaurant reminding me of a recent trip to China.  They serve a bunch of smoothie flavors which was great for my daughter.  The room where the fresh noodles are made has a huge glass window so you can watch.  More fun for the kid.  The food was great for both adults and kids.  Great prices too.
1	We went to China Magic Noodle House for a late lunch.  Met our granddaughter and we all were soooo disappointed in food, service, and attitude of personnel.  We went there because we had read Howard Seftel, ( AZ Republic food critic) article about them on Feb. 19, 2014, and decided to try it.It was horrible!  The two dishes he had recommended in his article were tried and ugh!  The cream sauce with seafood and corn was tasteless and was the consistently of milk. They brought each of our dishes separately and almost threw them on the table.Tried the dumplings which were ok but not outstanding.  We did not really feel terrific after meal, AND will never go back or recommend it to anyone.
5	What's magical about this place? It's the actual making of the noodles and its authenticity! Oodles of noodles!  The skilled chef and the art of noodle making can be seen in the back of the restaurant as you are eating. My fave dish is #22 minced pork noodles with julienned cucumber slices, on a bed of lettuce and sprinkled with scallions. You're able to select the type of noodle but I always go with the hand pulled noodles. It's a great take-out item. I've also tried the beef noodle stew with the hand pulled noodles. If you're dining in you will most likely be served with a plate of steamed peanuts lightly salted and de-shelled. Try picking it up with your chopsticks for those of you that are chopstick challenged. ;)  This place is awesome because it's considered a cheap eat! Who doesn't love that?
5	Was very pleased with this place. A jewel in my eyes, fresh noodles, wonderful stew and fresh vegetables. I thoroughly enjoyed the meal, even better than what I expected! Just like China! Yummy.
1	Worst customer service i have ever had. Cant believe this place is reviewed so high. They should seriously change out the staff. The food was okay not as good as i expected it to be based off the reviews. Expecially since this place has been reviewed by food critics (Howard Seftel to name one) which i think might have been paid off by this restaurant. That critic must have not been a true food critic and is most likely looking for a free meal because this place is at best a 3 star and thats if the staff had any normal manners.
5	How fresh can noodles be?  They make it fresh by hand right in front of you.   The stir fried noodle with XO sauce is to die for.
5	Best little secret!Handmade noodles. Delicious every time! We would recommend the wide noodles. More flavor. They will run out because they are made in house. Our favorites are the beef noodles and the fried rice. Also quick service to go  check it out!!
5	Awesome! Food was really good and watching the noodles get made was really cool. My son even enjoyed himself! I suggest trying the pan dried dumplings.
4	We was been there few time for lunch. I think that was the first restaurant hand make noodle in AZ. Food was good.....
4	I honestly just love this restaurant. Mainly because the food is just so good. The Pan Fried Dumplings are honestly the best I've ever had. My family loves getting the green beans as a side dish. While I know Hong Kong rolls are listed as an appetizer they are a great dessert. I do find the soup broths a little bland. I admit I have not liked everything I've ever had here but I was exploring dishes. I am an adventurous eater though so I don't blame the kitchen in those cases.You need to be aware that you're only coming for the food. It's a small hole in the wall location. There is no fancy decor. Most of the wait staff does not speak English. I find a lot of times the behavior some people find rude stem from a difference in culture. You're not going to get a waiter who is super perky and grovels for you if you're the slightest bit displeased. You will instead get basic service that gets your delicious food to you as quickly as possible. The noodles are amazing. So amazing. No matter what dish you get. Nothing can beat a fresh noodle. I know some people not used to fresh noodles can sometimes find them a bit oddly textured. It's ok. Don't try to compare them to your dried noodles at home. These are different and wonderful.Everything is super cheap. The food is hot, quick, and delicious. The noodles are amazing and fun to watch being made. What more do you want?
5	This place is amazing. All the food is off the hook yummy! The food comes out very fast. The best part is watching them make the noodles fresh!
4	Easily one of my favorite places to get Chinese food. A few of these other reviewers must have confused this with a different restaurant, because my service was perfectly fine, and the food is absolutely to die for. I almost can't believe how low the prices are. What's even better is that it's right next to Lee Lee's (which could be a huge factor in keeping prices low). I've only been once, but I can't wait to go back!
2	Went there last night had the beef stew noodle soup . It was ok till you hit the meat it was tough and kind of on the beef jerk side told waitress she said oh im sorry but with that look of and ..ok the noodles where good nothing extciting and you can watch the no enthusing noodle maker make them .. why have a window . the service was bad never brought our peanuts and pickle plate till we ask because we saw someone else get and was curious. never asked if we need another drink so tip was 0.00 .. if looking for a noodle soup get some Pho i know this was a chinese noodle but it lacked compared at any of the other restaurants in town making way better then this.. the food is just ok once you eaten at many other Chinese based restaurants it fits in as another fill spot.
4	Pretty cool to see the chef pulling the noodles by hand.Great taste, great prices.The decor can improve.Cheers
5	The decor is  a little lacking but the food more than makes up for that. A favorite place for me to eat. Helpful staff and reasonable prices forces me to give this 5 stars. The noodles are fan-tabulous!
4	This place is the best for noodles - hands down.  You'd pay three times this amount for noodles this delicious.  The noodles are not only made fresh, they're freshly hand-pulled before your eyes.  Watch through the glass window in the back of this small, no frills space as the noodles are stretched and pulled to the perfect thickness, then cooked up fresh to order.  Can't get noodles like this anywhere else in the state - the last time I had them was NYC's Chinatown, and I'm not convinced this place isn't better.Make sure you remember to specify what type of noodles you want when you order:  handpulled are standard, but the shaved noodles are also a favorite of mine.  The shaved texture helps pull sauce into every nook and cranny - and the sauce is fantastic!  The XO sauce has great spice and flavor, the oyster sauce has a delicate sweetness, and the beef and lemon noodles' tangy, savory sauce - although unusual - has a strange addictive quality.Although going just for the noodles is reason enough, don't miss the pig ears, either.  Served hot or cold and good either way, they are chewy, spicy, oily, and a great way to snack during the short wait for your food.  They pair nicely with the complimentary boiled peanuts.  You may also want an order of the dumplings, either steamed or pan fried.  While not the best dumplings in the Valley, an order is plentiful and not unsatisfying.  The dumplings' texture and flavor is great, but they are so plump and large that the seasoned meat flavor overpowers the dumpling.
4	Finally a decent Chinese place for a good price. Ordered a xo beef fried noodles, pretty good with good portions for like $8.25. The waitress could use better customer service though
4	This review comes long overdue but hey, it's better late than never, right?The entourage and I came in one rainy monsoon night to tuck into some delicious noodles.  I've been hearing about this place for a while --- about how their noodles are all hand-stretched and made with love.  I wanted to experience that for myself!  Walking to the restaurant was like walking into your typical cha chaan teng.  Service is speedy and not very personal and they do seem to treat people who speak Chinese a lot better from what I've observed.  Lucky me for being the table's representative, right? After ordering an assorted marinated meat combination plate with pig ears and other succulent pieces of cold-served meats, we all got our noodle dishes.  Honestly, I wasn't too wowed by my dish.  I had ordered something that they assured me was similar to dandan noodles, what I was really craving for on this rainy night but it didn't really taste like it.  I think it was more like zha jiang mian.  Don't get me wrong, it was still delicious but it just took me by surprise. Anyways, this is a pretty solid place and it definitely makes you feel like you're eating in Chinatown, San Francisco or something.  Place gets packed around dinner time so unless you want to rub some elbows with strangers, come for a late lunch or early dinner!
3	A group of us came for dinner and arrived at 6:00. We were seated immediately. The restaurant is, to put it nicely, sparsely decorated, and is quite simple inside. However, don't let the lack of decor fool you. The food more than makes up for it.This is the only Chinese restaurant in the greater Phoenix area that makes real hand pulled noodles. The last time I had noodles of this quality, it was in Hong Kong! There is a big picture window where you can watch the chef stretching the dough and making any of the 5 kinds of noodles.I started off with the marinated beef tendon. Usually, you get a small plate with a little portion of the tendon on it. Here, I was surprised to get a big plate with a huge portion of tendon on it. To be honest, it was more than I could possibly eat, but we all made a good stab at it.Next, I ordered a portion of noodles with XO sauce. This is a spicy sauce that really brings out the flavors in foods, and I was not disappointed. It was fun to watch the chef prepare the dish through the window. All my guests were mesmerized watching the preparation. Each person ordered a different dish, and all were pronounced flavorful and excellent.Service is simple, but quick. Considering the prices, one has to wonder how they can stay in business. Big plates of food at very low prices.Were it not for the simple decor, this place would easily rate 4 stars.3 stars for portion size and quality.A good place to eat your fill at a reasonable price.
2	The food was great but to be honest the service was horrible. We went on a Wednesday night, arrived a little before 9 PM knowing the place closed at 9:30. We thought that was enough time to order and eat because the service is usually really quick. From the start the waitress was rude and trying to rush us to order, and we had literally just sat down. The people in the window were just staring at us, waiting for us to order. The food was prepared really fast but the employees were just staring at us the WHOLE TIME looking annoyed. The waitress handed us the bill while we were still eating. It was so uncomfortable. I've never been treated that way. We didn't feel welcomed at all. We even left before 9:30. Just a warning if you go, go early. :(
5	Loved the fried chicken noodles and the dumplings are huge! They only took a few minutes to cook and you can watch everything from sitting inside the restaurant into the kitchen.
2	My family and I ate here on Sunday August 17 and got the same cold and unfriendly service we got the two previous times we've been there before. We kept going back because of the sliced beef with noodle soup and tolerated the service. We didn't get the usual peanuts and salad at the beginning and I had to get up and get our own straws for our water. We weren't asked if we wanted something to drink, they just brought warm water without straws and immediately we were asked what we wanted. I keep asking myself if it's the culture difference that makes them act so indifferent towards the customers. Anyways we ate and left because we were being watched by the lady at the cashier to see when we were done from the beginning of our meal. We felt rushed to say the least even though there was still 45minutes till they closed. The worst part was halfway home when my girlfriend and I had to make an emergency stop at a bathroom because of the beef noodle soup we had. We have had it before but this was the only time our stomachs did not agree with the food. I don't think we will be returning. Decent noodles but gawd awful service. Hope this helps.  Oh and I kept noticing the noodles chef messing with his phone between stretching the noodles without washing his hands. (No gloves either)
4	The food is delicious!  I got the noodle chicken stir fry. The flavor was really good and there were plenty of vegtables and chicken. You can see them making the noodles through a glass window . Very cool.  Service was ok and it is a bit pricey for a whole in the wall little place.
4	Noodles are cooked right, and taste so creamy-buttery!The family ordered different things, soup, stir-fry and braised noodles.Everything was yummy, although the service was not the best. They were not very attentive at times, and the girl that gave us our check, almost thwrew it at us (don't know if by accident) saying 'thanks for coming". The 4 stars are based on the food solely, service is lacking.
4	If you're looking for the best noodle soup in the East Valley, then you found it. Hand pulled noodles that you can see being made through the window that they have into the kitchen. At one point an older lady came and watched over the younger guy pulling the noodles as if to make sure that it was being done the way she was taught. So you can only assume there is some history to what they are doing here and it shows in the food. I got the ox tail noodle bowl and pan fried dumplings. Both were delicious and decent portion sizes. I have seen some negative reviews about hospitality here, but it was not an issue for me. It definitely was not the over the top American family chain style restaurant service, but it was not bad service by any means. I recommend it to anyone who can appreciate a good broth and delicious fresh noodles.
5	This place was absolutely amazing. I am not a big Asian food fan but once my girlfriend dragged me here I absolutely loved it. Their dumplings are delicious and their noodles are out of this world. Got to go with the noodles and pork sauce! You won't be disappointed! We ordered two dishes each, dumplings, and fried tofu and it came out to 30 bucks, super inexpensive and delicious!
5	My experience is positive from when they opened through now. With Chinese friend or alone as a non-Chinese, friendly service in a high volume popular restaurant. Eat in or take out equally enjoyable. I have been to high volume restaurants where the waiter or waitress explained things to me in a warm patient manner but that is because I initiated it and was respectful. If you are not familiar with Chinese cultures it is possible what you think of cold and aloof is not as it may appear.
3	We tried this place based on all of the great reviews.  It was hard to find, but we eventually made it.  It was crazy noisy inside too and quite hot.  I must say, while the flavors were good, and the fresh noodles were great, everything was quite greasy.  We drained a 1/4 cup of oil from our egg rolls onto a plate and napkin.  The fried noodles with chicken were also swimming in oil.  I may try one more time and get some that are not fried and hope that they are better.
5	We had tasty beef soup with hand-pulled noodles and a chicken dish with noodles. We were in noodle heaven.  The service was quick and attentive. My daughter got a strawberry smoothie, which was good.
4	I cannot believe I have not reviewed this place yet! Fresh, homemade noodles large portions, cheap prices. Word of warning though, the service is terrible, keep that in mind when you go in and you'll enjoy your experience.  Five stars for the food. The service takes it down to four, sometimes 3 depending on the day.
4	We like this place.  The noodles are always fresh (they make them, and you can watch them!), and the food always tasty.  The quality of the service depends on how busy they are and which server you get.  If they're busy the service is spotty even with the better server.  This visit we got the server who doesn't seem to want to be there.  She's mostly indifferent but if you ask for stuff she will bring it.The food is good.  Some of the best noodles anywhere.  We will keep coming back as long as that is true.
4	The whole smell and flavour are exactly how it tasted when I was in China, although the noodles tasted a little bit harder than I thought, I still think it's a good dish
3	Beef stir fry #31. I've had better. I don't get the hype. The wait staff wasn't friendly at all. The only person that was nice was the noodle maker behind the glass. He smiled at me. The egg rolls were not good.
5	Man I love this place. I am so happy it rained today because what a good excuse to get a steaming bowl of noodles. Simply delicious and unique. I dream about these dumplings and can't go too long between visits! To the person who complained that the staff is not friendly: just keep on going to Applebee's and stay away from this gem. These are professionals. They ain't in it for the flair.
5	This is my first 5 star review.  What a novelty this place is with home made noodles you can watch being stretched and cut with every order.   So delicious....and it's the fastest sit down food delivery I've ever had.  Homemade noodles are just amazing!!!  Can't wait to take the hubby back.Fast & friendly service, huge portions, delicious!
5	This place is the real deal... Being next to Lee Lee's, I expected a run down Chinese restaurant (hole in the wall).  I walked into the complete opposite.  Great looking restaurant.  But that's not why I ever go out to eat.I had their fried rice and it was spectacular (bargain too).  The first thing I noticed was that all the ingredients looked very clean.  It wasn't soaking wet with soy sauce.  Just the right amount of seasoning.  Perfect.  I can't wait to try their other meals.
3	Fresh noodles and the largest Dumplings I've ever had. I had the Beef Rib Noodle soup and my hubby had Spicy Chicken noodle stir fry.  There were too many onions in the stir fry dish. The servers seemed a bit annoyed that we were not ready to order.  Serving size was enough to bring home leftovers. The flavors of our food was ok, but  we won't rush back. Decent place for lunch.
4	I think that the best part of this place is the authenticity. I went in and felt immediately at home. Family style seating, clean orderly seating, open windows, and you can even see them cook in the kitchen from your table! I ordered the hand pulled noodles with spicy noodle sauce and the pork pan-friend dumplings. I wasn't enthusiastic about what I got though. I think what I expected was more of a Southeast Asian style, but what I got was East Asian. I wasn't a fan of the noodles in the sauce, but knowing where it was coming from, I think it would be excellent for the right person. The dumplings were large and intense. Two could have been a meal easily and were great for a side or appetizer, the sauce was sour and complimented the dumplings well, but the dough was almost too heavy for me. Again, I was expecting something lighter, but knowing now what they are, I'll get them when the time is right, but probably will go with a HK style dumpling next time.The soups looked incredible, and I believe that most people in the restaurant had soup ordered, so I'll come back again and get that immediately. Each table was stacked with everything you'd need to eat: chopsticks, soup spoons, napkins, Siracha, soy sauce, etc. It was such an efficient place and the waiting-staff was great. If one was with a customer, the other was right there to help me out!Thank you CMNH! I'll see you again and try something new!
5	This is definitely one of the best Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix metro area! The Beef with Spicy XO Sauce and wide flat noodles are amazing.  The dumplings are great too and are HUGE.
5	My short trips to Phoenix always include a meal (or 2) here. Noodles are fresh and made at the restaurant. There are lots of options to choose from and a handful of various noodle sizes to try. My favorites are the minced pork with noodles and the niu rou mien (beef noodle soup). This place is definitely worth a try! Service is always quick too.
5	Wow so yummy! Family style so don't over order. We took a lot home, but it was worth it. Fair pricing, excellent food and some entertainment ie you get to watch the noodles being made. This is a great casual dining experience.
5	I've been here a few times but today was the first time a tried the pan fried dumplings. So delicious! And gigantic portions. It could be a whole meal itself. The noodles taste so good and fresh. And I can't help but get a strawberry smoothie every time I come. Service is quick and friendly. They really know the menu too! Love this little gem
4	One of the places in Phoenix that can get your (okay! my)Chinese food fix. None of the places in Tucson can compare to here, No! Not even come close! Hand pulled noodles is like home made pasta, you can taste the freshness. maybe is not the best I had  but its solid 7.5 out of 10. So you get an idea.For you people who have big appetite think one bowl is not enough but two is too much, you can add more noodles. What about meat lover? Yes! you are covered as well. Customize the way you wanted it, Go big or go home!Few side notes: Quality of the meat are good, broth can use a little more flavors. under the cold cut meat (appetizers) they use some daikon radish to "prop it up" so don't act like "OMG! that's so much food for what they charged" Sorry! they are not giving you one pound of roasted beef for $7.95 (I am not even sure that's how much they charged). Overall its a legit Chinese noodle house.
