4	Great new location.  Bar in the center.  Place looks great!  Had to have the chips and salsa that are so tasty.  Had chicken tacos that come with spicy cabbage slaw and slice avocado. Yum.  Another success story from Big Burrito Group.
5	Big Burrito restaurants are always a hit; however Mad Mex holds a special place in my heart!  One of the few restaurants I have worked at (Robinson location), that I would return to eat at.  The new site is pure funky fun; it's hard to believe a dusty old rug store used to be there.  The view from the front garage door is actually kind of pretty with Casbah across the street with the rooftops of Franklin West houses popping through the trees, give a springlike high energy to the place.  They couldn't have timed their opening any better.We went at 4:30 and immediately were seated; however, at 5:15, it started to get busy for Happy Hour.  I always get the San Fran (mild) Los Wingos Wrap and they had stuffed it to the Max with chicken.  Awesome.I give it 5 stars because it's so much roomier than Atwood and more convenient than McKnight Rd or Robinson.  Thank you Big Burrito for granting our wish for a Shady Side Mad Mex!!!
4	The food is good. The drink specials are great. The wait can be very (2 hours) long on thursday through saturday.But this new location is about 400 times larger than the Oakland location. You don't feel like you're sitting at someone else's table. The center bar feels less intrusive on other folks' sit-down meals.Go on a weekday night.
2	The food was great, loved the set up and fresh air feel. My big disappointment and an important aspect was the service. Got my drink order wrong, never checked to see if order was okay or if we needed anything until we were finished. Will think twice before I go back to this location.
5	For midnight snacks, Mad Mex is about as good as it gets.  This new location on Highland is spacious and doesn't make you feel like you're dining at the same table as the 12 people in your immediate vicinity.  It has all the perks of the "traditional" Oakland location -- interesting beers, tasty flavored margaritas, great food, fun waitstaff -- without the ridiculous waits and high temperatures.  The parking is also somewhat better, since you're not competing with the eight-to-a-house Pitt undergrads in Oakland.
3	I decided to meet a friend for an evening gab fest and since the new location opened I hadn't had the chance to check it out. Faux mexican food is not something I tolerate well and after trying to like the food at Mad Mex it was always a big fail for me. Chips and Salsa are about all I can handle here. IMO the food has way too many chillis in the sauces so there is a lack of seasoning because all I can taste is the heat. I am a big fan of spicy food but this is different.Location, location, location! This place was filled to the brim with the Shadyside crowd! Highland ave has all sorts of little furniture stores and an art gallery to window shop at while walking up. Luckily I had already eaten before so I wasn't hungry. Just because the food doesn't do it for me, that doesn't mean they can't get me in the door with their Giant margaritas and Happy hour specials! Blue salt and a little too sweet but oh so refreshing after a long day!  I asked the bartender if it was always so busy and she said since they opened they are "slammed" every night. Stupendous people watching! The best part about this new spot is that it will have a rooftop deck! I'm so excited and so close to my house! My group will be regulars, I can guarantee. I bet Cinco de Mayo will be a crazy time! Viva la Vida!
4	I visited this location for the first time last Thursday, for Cinco De Mayo.  I think that this place was the first Mexican restaurant that I had been to in PIttsburgh.  First of all- it is a 4 minute walk from my new apartment in Shadyside. Score! And secondly, pretty damn good.  Super busy because of the holiday.  I don't think this place takes reservations- but we were still seated within 30 minutes of arriving- not too shabby.Drinks were good and cheap, (because we were there during happy hour.) Food wasn't too bad either- not exactly "authentic Mexican" more Tex-Mex I would say- but huge portions and not too expensive, and pretty good actually.  Will definitely be back. Kudos Big Burrito!
2	I went here with a dozen friends shortly after Mad Mex Shadyside opened. Being used to the Oakland one where one could get an impressively stiff margarita on an undergraduate budget, we all ordered margaritas and dinners, some opting for a floater.While the margaritas were palatable, outside of the floater there was so little tequila or triple sec that it was unclear whether or not the drinks were actually alcoholic. Further, the floaters were a dismal half to a third of a shot. As far as any of us can tell, we paid $10 for a half shot of tequila and 20 ounces of non-alcoholic mix.The food was good as is the food at all Big Burrito restaurants I've been to, but I think next time I want a margarita I'll either mix it myself or try one of the many other fine bars in Shadyside.
3	Went there with friends tonight (a Wednesday), early (we thought) at 6 o'clock, and the wait was already a half-hour for tables.  We only really wanted margs and chips/guac anyway, so thought it was only fair that we go into the bar area in the middle of the restaurant for our happy hour - and by 'happy' I was shooting for 'getting to sit' and by 'hour' I mean I didn't have all night.  So we get our drinks and end up standing quite awhile behind the people sitting at the bar, as many of them save seats for their late/invisible friends. We were getting really hungry for something to nosh on and couldn't really see a way to do this when we couldn't even physically reach the bar, so we decide to try our luck hovering by the bar tables instead... low and behold, one finally opens up!!  We beat out girls who had not been waiting as long and got to it faster.  And then...lower and beholder, a waitress comes over and tells us those are NOT bar tables, they're ones you have to be seated in by the hostess.  Silly us, thinking the high up tables with barstools in the sectioned-off bar area were for bar patrons!  So, we had to get back up and wait allll over again. Ultimately the service was fine, but that the woman was not even remotely apologetic about this was weird to me.  You'd also think that 'please see host/ess for seating at this table' signs would be warranted...the two other Mad Mex's I've been to, Oakland and North Hills, both have tables in their bar area, so it's not like it was some crazy idea I came up with.  So some type of signage would've been appreciated. Alas, Big Burrito is taking over the world (I'm sure they'll be catering the UPMC hospital cafeterias soon) so it obviously does not matter what I think.I've never had THAT much trouble getting seated, at the bar or at a table, at the Oakland location...and for my money, especially if I'm hungry, the North Hills location I've never seen have a wait. And contrary to what many people who live in the East End think -- the North Hills is REALLY not far. This just irritated the crap out of me this evening -- unless you have all the time in the world, go to Buffalo Blues. The food is just as good and you won't have to wait until your first child is born to get to sit down after a long day of work.
3	If you are under 30, a student, and in love with tex-mex, you've found your Mecca. They have very great drink specials at night and half off lunches for students during 2-4 (check with them though...) The food is nothing remarkable (okay tex-mex that is nothing you will find in the south), but good for taking someone to lunch if you want to talk in an open and cheery environment in the summer; they have a kind of garage door that opens up the large industrial south of the border restaurant. This place is definitely focused on the drinks and happy hour.
2	I can't really explain the joy I felt when I first heard that a Mad Mex was opening on Highland. The thought of not having to sojourn to the suburbs and to never again return to Oakland was almost too much.Last night, after months of drive-by stalking, it was time for us to meet. I was so excited for the complimentary valet parking I'd seen advertised on the sign outside. But when we got there, the sign was gone, there was no valet parking; it was as if I'd imagined it.My boyfriend and I ordered chips and avocado tomatillo salsa (our fave) and a burrito each. I ordered a side of sauce with my burrito which arrived not on the side but inside the burrito. Refills were hard to come by. The chips and salsa did not arrive until we had finished our meals, and the salsa was sour and terrible and not even close to the avocado tomatiilo salsa we know and love. And I'm going to sound super old when I say this but IT WAS SO LOUD IN THERE.The prices are higher, probably because of the complimentary valet, the hip location, and because this is, for serious, the handsomest Mad Mex ever. It would have been worth it had the food been of typical quality and the service remotely adequate. But alas, I'll be driving back out to the suburbs for Mad Mex because there, at least, they love me back.*Because this review isn't long enough already, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind all restaurant goers out there to please keep your shoes on. Other people exist and are trying to eat.*
2	Meh. I was pretty enthused about this Mad Mex. Huge open area, valet parking, close to the house, plus the Big Azz Margaritas; I mean what's not to love? Well... first of all, that huge open space? Somehow no air gets in. It's so stagnate in there! Please, get some fans going or something. Second, I think the hostesses are still working out how to seat people. They shoved everyone in this long bench area while nice booths were sitting there empty.  Finally the food was seriously Meh. My shrimp were cooked to a rubbery car tire consistency. Now, the plus is that they have great drink and food specials, so I suggest eating past 11pm when food is 1/2 off and drinking past 10pm when Big Azz Margaritas are $7.
4	super-happy that there's a mad mex within a mile of my place.  even happier that there's quasi-outdoor seating with the huge, beautiful garage windows out front.  the margarita varieties are great, and you can get a big azz one for $7 during happy hours.  the wings are pretty spot-on considering you're at a mexican joint, and i'm a big fan of their medium salsa.  plus -- complimentary valet is usually pretty convenient instead of fighting the ellsworth shadyside parking scene.why did i dock a star?  sometimes the waitstaff are too busy chatting with their friends to bother taking care of you.  also, the valet service guys sometimes give me a hard time for having a huge truck.  an actual quote: "where do you want me to put this?!"  really?  that's sort of your job.anyway, i digress.  the food is good.  the margaritas are great.  and, someone may or may not park your car or truck for free.  totally worthy of 4 stars.
4	I am SO glad Mad Mex opened up a Shadyside location after having to practically sit on top of undergrads at the tiny Oakland location. It's beautiful in the inside, rich colours, and a garage door opening for summer nights. While it was pretty loud the time my boyfriend and I went to have late night margaritas with friends, we had good service, and my drinks came out quickly. Go after 10 pm for the $7 big azz margaritas. I love the raspberry and mango ones if I'm feeling wild :).
3	We went on a wednesday and there was a 45 minute wait at 6PM, pretty impressive even when you consider the new restaurant smell. We had a few beers each from the very impressive draft menu with chips and queso for starters. After starters we both ordered the chicken chickpea burritos, which were big and boring. All and all it wasn't my kind of place.  It was full of dudes on the prowl and blasting loud music, which made it hard to communicate with anyone. The food wasn't amazing, but it was good enough for the price, especially when you consider the portion sizes. Service was on point. The best part was definitely the beer selection, but seeing as there's a 45 minute wait on a wednesday and it's full of dude-bros, I probably won't be back anytime soon. Oh, and there's a free valet, just in case you're into that sort of thing.
1	Bland and insultingly overpriced.If you're looking for anything remotely close to Tex-Mex, this is not the place; try your luck at Emiliano's (South Side) or Gran Agave (Bloomfield/Waterfront).If you're looking for drinks, just go to Buffalo Blues next door.
3	I have mixed feelings about Mad Mex.  I get really excited about going there, but the food always falls a notch short of my expectations.  But then, a few weeks or months later, I make plans to go back and I get all pumped up about it....and then the food is mediocre.  I guess I just have selective memory about Mad Mex - all I remember is the fun atmosphere and the chance to have margaritas with friends, and I block out the disappointing food.Yesterday was my first time at this Mad Mex.  It was during the crazy heat wave, and I went with a big group of girls around 6 pm for Happy Hour.  And....the power was out.  Not on the whole block, just at Mad Mex.  Maybe their AC was cranked up so high they blew a fuse?  One of the girls in our group said this actually happened the last time she was at this location - in May - so apparently it's more than a one-time thing.Lots of people were leaving, since the power was out, but we actually decided to go ahead and get a table since there was no wait!  I guarantee you there would be a wait normally, but if you are lucky enough to go when there's a power outage, you get seated immediately!  The big windows provided enough light to see, and it was a bit humid in there but not too bad.  The bar was still open, so we got margaritas ($7 for a "Big Azz" 22 oz) and chips and salsa.  The margarita was really tasty, but not strong at all.  If I'm getting a 22 oz margarita, I want to feel tipsy - especially on an empty stomach - but I barely got a buzz with this one.  Boo!  Maybe their tequila bottle runs on electricity and was experiencing the power shortage too.The chips and dips were great, though.  Yummy, fresh guacamole....and the pineapple-habanero salsa was DELISH.  I could eat that all day.  It was sort of thin, with a soupy consistency, but my goodness was it yummy.  Sweet and fruity, with a huge spice kick!  I will definitely get that next time, because who am I kidding - I'll be back again, I'm sure.After about 45 minutes, the lights came back on!  Yaaaaaay!  So we got to order food.  I was pretty full on chips, so I just got a bowl of chickpea chili.  It was okay....really not that great.  It was super thin, and salty, with some chickpeas and cheese floating around in it.  It wasn't very strongly flavored, not very gourmet, not very special.  It was okay to dip chips in, but it was nothing I'd bother ordering again.  I just got it because it's one of the only things on the menu that doesn't have like, a thousand calories.  I'm really not a calorie-counter usually, but I try not to eat my entire days worth of calories in one sitting, if I can help it.The atmosphere is fun, a little noisy, but you can hear your friends.  I love the big windows, and this location is much more light and spacious than the evil Oakland location.  I think though, this place is not worth the hype.  With the decor and the crowds, you think "I'm having fun!"  But if you stop for a minute and notice what you're actually eating or drinking, you realize that it's okay, but not really worth the excitement.  But the spirit of the place is kind of addicting - seriously, if somebody asked me to go back tomorrow, I'd totally do it.  They've got a hold on me!
3	I like Mad Mex though the location is incredibly busy. I've gone on both a weekend and weekday night and the place seems to be hopping. Very fun vibe - music, props all over the place with a huge bar. Plus their front windows open up via a garage door which is where I prefer to sit. I've sat in the back and my eyes can't take the darkness that well. Food is mediocre - gets the job done and nothing in particular standing out. Quantities are typically on the larger side. Service has always been good though the one bunk thing is that you have to pay for chips and salsa!
2	Like many, I was psyched for the opening of this location and I think the space is grand compared to the others I've been to. Sure, it's loud and proud, like the others, but it also features the many vegan options that make Mad Mex a pioneer in the Pgh area dining scene. Really, If it weren't for the vegan food (of inconsistent quality), I'd avoid the (obnoxious) Mad Mex atmosphere at all costs. But since they have discontinued the half priced food after 11pm at this location, the costs to avoid have increased. In other words, WTF. This review has been discounted by 50% to reflect my disappointment.
3	I went on a Saturday night and I got seated right away, and my server, LG, was very helpful about the menu and the wine selections.  Nobody ever said Mad Mex is Mexican or even Tex Mex, it's definitely California Mexican...and as long as you understand that, you will do better there.  Having said that, I don't think they have a very good Margarita (which should be tequila, triple sec or Cointreau, and fresh lime juice).  The food at Mad Mex tastes great and it's made from fresh ingredients.  The decor is consistent with the Mad Mex branding, and there's original artwork throughout the restaurant.  I love the high ceiling, the different seating options, and the huge open wall that faces Highland Ave.  This is by far my favorite of all the Mad Mex locations.
3	Umm... NO, Mad Mex, you're not mad and you're not Mexican. You're happy. And you're Mexi-Americano ( pronounced Meh - HE - Americano  [ Rrrrroll the "R" - for those at Mad Mex Corporate who don't speak/read Spanish]).... It's kinda like Chi Chi's, Taco Bell, and you're favorite modern & loud (not hip) club rolled up into one ~ Like, um, in a Burrito?I mean, I had a good time there 'cause I could have fun in a box. And the food was totally better than Chi Chi's or Taco Bell (And I'm a huge 'run for the border' dude, seriously), but shit, my beloved Mexican friends in Chicago woulda' got a good chuckle outta the place. I can hear 'em now... Ohhh, muy authentico! Muy caliente'! HA! Then again, been here six weeks and still haven't run into a Mexican ( wish I did so I could get a tip 'cause I know somebody's cookin' up some legit Carnita's somewhere in town. Sorry to be so harsh... Its really not bad. I enjoyed the taste of my Cali-American taco. I would have had another but they thought just 2 tiny tacos was enough for me. Server was really friendly and was obviously busting her ass ~ running like a chicken with head cut off 'cause the MAD manager's think that servers should handle 20 some tables with grace ~ Somehow she actually did get us stuff in a fairly timely manner but I could tell others around me were rubbernecking for drinks/food and she was just a bit flippant when I asked for my Margarita on the ROCKS to not be frozen.I promise not to be a dick on my next review.
5	Location, Location, Location.  Any other Mad Mex would get 4 stars, but this one gets 5 because it has two levels, a large bar and is so much more spacious than any other one I've been to.  It gets a great, fun crowd too. My favorite menu item is the Black Beanie quesadilla.  Something about the blend of spicy goodness and the sweet from the pineapple is absolutely perfect.  I also recommend the nachos.  The chicken nachos are fully loaded with chicken, guac, sour cream, jalapenos, cheese, beans and salsa.  It's a huge serving and could be a meal in itself.  Hands down, best nachos I've ever had and great to share with a group.  I also recommend doing the three salsa/dip deal as an appetizer.  The queso, guac, regular salsa and the pineapple habanero are quite tasty.  The pineapple one is really hot though so don't say I didn't warn you.Now, I know everyone goes here for the margaritas which are a steal during happy hour but I've recently tried the red sangria and was delighted.  It's the perfect mix of sweet and dry and while I don't know the caloric intake, it has to be less calories than the big azz margaritas which are rumored to be over 800 calories.
3	It's really not a Mexican restaurant so much as an Americanized version of Mexican. The burritos are OK, but often lacking a bit of flavor. The tofu in particular needs a bit of improvement.
3	I figured I'd just do a "world tour" of Mad Mex's in the area as of late.  So here goes another one (but pay no attention to the fact that I was JUST at another one on Sunday)...The newest addition to the Mex clan looks...about the same as all the others.  I do love the open garage door front like the McKnight Rd has.  The bar area is also a little bigger than Greentree and McKnight, which is smart for the location.  College students = Drinking. I also was a little bummed that happy hour was from 4:30-6:30....boo! I need it til 7 pahleeze?For the first time my friend encouraged me to go out of my comfort zone and try something new, so we got the pickadippa.  I know, not really venturing too much outside, but it was worth it!  I loved the bean dip (that they also have at sister restaurant Kaya) and really enjoyed the spicy cheese dip as well.  When you combine the cheese and reg salsa together it's like dippa magic!I ordered one of my reg meals, the Taco Salad. Recently (well, Sunday) I had some issues with the gauc) and this time I'd say I was a little disappointed with the salad.  It had WAY too much beef in it and not enough of the good stuff (um, like healthy salad). A little bummed.I still won't give up on you Mad Mex, I have faith....that I'll still be back to visit!
4	I love, love, love Mad Mex and I've been to this location as well as the Oakland, Greentree, McKnight, and Monroeville locations. They always consistently deliver me delicious food. Albeit, I ALWAYS get the same thing. I'm a big fan of the wingo-rrito or the wing (boneless) wrap. And I always get the Southwestern sauce, if you don't like cilantro, then don't get this sauce. Yummy! As an appetizer, I enjoy the picka-dippa especially with a group of people. I'm a big fan of the black bean dip, the XX cheese dip and then not really picky about the 3rd choice for the dip. Of course you can't go to MadMex without indulging in a margarita. This time around I tried the Apple Cider margarita which I thought was tasty, but not as tasty as my usual choice Mango. The Apple Cider margarita did taste sorta like apple sauce, but cinnamony apple sauce with a bit of a kick aka tequila. The Shades Mad Mex is always busy no matter when I go, but at least it's more spacious then the Oakland and McKnight locations.
5	I've been waiting to review this Mex since it opened right by mi casa.  I've already been there dozens of times...  I was there with the masses on opening night, and I even chose it over Casbah for my graduation (unorthodox, I know).  But my experiences last night pushed me into writing the review.I showed up with my guy friends who were being a little rowdy, but the service from the hosts, the waitress, and the bartender was excellent.  Our waitress was so nice that she let us keep our table for a full hour after the dining area closed, without complaining.  Of course, once we realized that we were supposed to have moved to the bar by then, we closed our enormous tab with her.  Kudos.  Every time I've been to this Mex, the service has been friendly and fun--the wait staff edges on flirty and likes dress in themes relating to this week's celebrity hot mess (last night was Ke$ha).  It's entertaining.As far as the food goes, I'm totally aware that this is not legit Mexican, Tex-Mex, or Cali-Mex.  It's Penna-Mex.  Which I'm totally okay with; it appeals to my bland palate.  I could eat the chicken Mad Mex Quesadilla--the most unoriginality titled item on the menu--every day. The beer selection ranges from seasonals (pumpkins, harvests, Oktoberfests) to locals (East End, Penn) to unique (whatever the hot microbrewery of the moment is--Great Lakes, Brooklyn) to the decent standards (Blue Moon).  Recently, I've tried the Brooklyn Oktoberfest and Southern Tier Pumpkin, and I liked both.  The liquor varies from top shelf to bottom of the barrel, and the pours are weak.That leaves the margaritas.  Mad Mex Big Azz margs and I go way back to the days of living in South Oakland when we'd sit on my friend's porch across the street and try to figure out the perfect time to show up to take advantage of both the marg special and the half-price student special.  After a summer in Texas, I'm no longer a big fan of the frozen margarita, but I love a good marg on the rocks.  Unfortunately, the Big Azz on the rocks is not something one can drink without furrowed brows and puckered lips.  But, yes, it will get you drunk in a hurry if you can't afford one of the top shelf margs.The atmosphere is the best of the Mex here.  It's kitschy.  But the larger bar area and the garage door side make up of the silliness of the decor.Tip: If you go on a weekend, you can use the FREE valet for Casbah across the street (both are owned by Big Burrito).  The cost of the tip is probably worth avoiding the frustration of circling around Shadyside for a nonexistent parking spot.
3	It's Mad Mex. If you've been living in Pittsburgh for at least a month or so, you probably know what you're getting into already. Although this location can't quite rival the spacious Mad Mex Happy Valley that I grew accustomed to in college, it's still pretty impressive with a large bar and lots of tables, and the open garage door makes up for the lack of patio and provides for awesome people watching. The absolute best part though is that it's virtually across the street from my apartment! So I mean, I'd probably come here even if it was sub-par...(please don't stalk me, yelpers...haha)For anyone who's not familiar with Mad Mex...the food is nothing to rave about. Typical Tex Mex that tends to taste better after a few drinks (especially the hugeeee plate of nachos). Their wings, surprisingly, are excellent and in my opinion the standout of the menu (get bleu cheese, not ranch. their bleu cheese is addictive). Mostly though, I come here for the margarita special. Doesn't everyone? I get really excited about the monthly flavors. My favorite is honeydew...June can't come soon enough! And if you're not in the mood for tequila, the beer list is pretty solid.It wouldn't be on my list of considerations for dinner, but I'd definitely recommend it for a place to chill, talk, and drink a little (or a lot) more than you planned to.
2	There's usually a 10% chance the food here is good-the menu is obviously too big for the kitchen to handle. Easily one of the most over hyped garbage "mexican" joints in Pburgh.
3	So as far as the Mad Mex's go, I've been a little disappointed in this one. Came here on a late Friday night. My friends had arrived around midnight and were told that the kitchen was closed. Closed around midnight on a Friday? No no no, that hasn't happened on separate occasions at this location so why tonight? Bad mojo. The server then strongly suggested they move to the bar as she was trying to close out her section early. What great service!When I got there, I met them at the bar and tried to order a margarita. The bartender shush'd me because he was running someone else's tab. shush'd me. Really.Ok, here's the positive and why 3 stars instead of 2.  I did order a frozen margarita but after an 1/8th of it, found I wasn't in the mood to eat my drink (as is often the case with a frozen margarita). So I asked if they could switch me and they did for no charge. Plus well, they do have darn good margaritas.
4	I've been to the Oakland Mad Mex many a time in my wall-sittin' youth. Anyone who knows me even a little knows my unabashed love for all food Mexican.This morning my bf and I awaited 11am like kids waiting for Gift-mas morning. Promptly at 11am we started our brisk walk from Bloomfield to the new(er) Shadyside Mad Mex. The day twas lovely and once I saw that cactus shaped cigarette depository and those big ominous doors I knew I had arrived at Mexican food brunch heaven.Walking in it is HUGE compared to at least the Oakland location. There are some seriously beautiful paintings and a really eye catching mural. The ceilings are high and the front is windows to allow some natural light in too.Our waiter came immediately over to our table after our equally attentive hostess sat us. He was a little over the top, but likable and funny. We had our chips and salsa/guac and Big Azz margarita's on the rocks by the time I came back from the restroom and our long awaited Gobbleritos not long after.I realize we were there at 11:30am on a Sunday morning so we're in a near empty restaurant at the start of everyone's shift, but honestly that's how I roll. I like trying something new when I won't be annoyed by the other patrons.The drinks weren't quite as strong as I remember them being, but the Gobblerito's were delicious and I took half of mine home. My only real issue with the food was that while the salsa was so chunky and dense, the chips were absolutely not strong enough to dig any out. They were fine with the guac but would just break apart in the salsa. Honestly, if that's the only bad thing, then this place is winning for sure. I can't wait to stop back and try something else.
3	Ok, Mad Mex, you're off the hook from me. I came here for a Saturday afternoon brunch and was quite pleased.Service was friendly, attentive and fast. Food was good. Prices, same as they ever were.I had the chicken mole burrito. Not bad, flavor wasn't as strong as I imagine a mole should be but it was still a decent meal. I didn't order the Gobblerito but methinks I'll be coming back to try that one soon!
5	Great Mexican food.  Very  nice service with superb decor. Enchiladas here are mouth watering as is the tortilla soup. Their portions are large. I could not finish one. Have been there multiple times. They have happy hours late in the night. Go, try at least once. You will not be disappointed.
3	Went here yesterday for a late lunch/early dinner. What we sampled: Banana Slama Margaritas (where on happy hour special 16oz. for 5 dollars!  Tottally worth it and delicious)San Francisco Insane Wings (hot and delicious!)Pica Dippa Peppita hummus, xx chesse dip, guacamole (could have done without this, the flavors where off and weren't that interesting)Carnitas Burrito (very hard to share between two people, but very delicious)Ice Cream Burrito 1/2 Saturday 1/2 Sunday style (OMG a must try insane)Overall the food quality was good, but with so many great places to eat I don't know that I would be rushing back.
4	I ate here yesterday for lunch with a dining companion.  The decor of the restaurant was unique with many different wall paintings and oddities but probably familiar to those who have ever been to a Mad Mex restaurant before.  Upon sitting down I noticed that they had a nice beer list but did not order any due to it being lunch on a Sunday afternoon.For lunch I ordered the Wing-A-Rito burrito with insane buffalo sauce while my dining companion had the Thai Curry burrito.  My burrito was comprised of rice, cheese, beans, chicken and the buffalo sauce which did not disappoint.  It was hotter than most sauces that I have ordered yet still had a good solid taste to it.  It was served with a side of salsa which was all that was left on my plate whenever I had finished.  My dining companions burrito also tasted good and did remind me of a nice Thai curry dish.  It was topped with bean sprouts and came with a side of slaw that was vinegar based.  Overall we were both very satisfied with our meals and nothing was left except for the salsa whenever we were done.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back to a Mad Mex in the future.  They have not only a wonderful selection of Margaritas and beer but the food is good and does not lighten the wallet too much.
3	i wish i had done my due diligence and researched more places on my visit to Pittsburgh. i was out there for work, and it was a short trip, so i didn't really think i'd have much time to explore. i took the suggestion from someone to hit up mad mex and, well... let's just say the thing about this place is, it's just not authentic mexican. i even prefer chevy's mexican over this place... but it reminds me of a chevy-like atmosphere.i'm even more grateful for the good mexican food i can get at home. thank you mission district. :)
4	Mad Mex delivered a pretty solid experience this evening.  The host told us 35 minute wait but it only really took 15.  Impressive.  The mixed drink was strong and well made.  There was a good selection of beers on tap and even woodchuck hard cider in a bottle.We got the grilled fish tacos and the Thai burrito.  Both were tasty and well done.  Portions were really very large.  The appetizer of pick three salsas with chips was a good experience.  The habenero pineapple salsa was appropriately spicy and the black bean dip was great (couldn't stop eating it), the guac was excellent too I was told (I can't stand avocados).  Friendly and efficient wait staff too.
4	Mahi salad with lime cilantro vinaigrette dressing. To die for.Other than that, I'm fairly "meh" about their food, but they do have a nice beer list, and the ambiance is interesting. This is a great place to go on a warm summer evening to sit outside, or near the outside area and observe street life on Highland Ave.
5	LOVE the food. LOVE the margarittas. LOVE the half off deals. LOVE everything abou it. I've been to the Mad Mex in Philly, State College, and two in Pittsburgh. All of them serve great food and service and has never failed me. My favorite location is the new one in Pittsburgh because it's spacious inside and turn on good house/techno music (it is kind of too loud). I think Mad Mex has the best wings and nachos and I always have to get one of these. I cannot resist not getting them!
4	Mad Mex = Awesome...I like the fact that even my veggie head brother and sister can come here and have OPTIONS!!!    You know it is going to be good here, but the Robinson one is the best of the bunch!Slainte my agave loving friends!
3	As a former employee of Mad Mex Robinson, and a current regular at Mad Mex ShadySide, it kind of pains me a little bit to re-review and give them 3 stars - but in reality, it's a 2.5.  But now that they're almost a full year in - the shining example they displayed with great food and service during their opening month, has dwindled severely.The reason for the re-view and severe star-docking?  Their consistency in food quality and service is non-existent at this location.  Jordan and I walk over there at least once-twice a week when we don't want to cook, and we have discovered that the only good time to go and get awesome food, is a busy Saturday night, because that's when the best line cooks and servers are scheduled to work.  If we go on a not-so-busy afternoon or weekday evening, our food sucks, and the service is even worse.  And ordering To Go isn't really a time-saver since the Bartender will ignore you.I will leave out server and bartender names, just to be polite, but MULTIPLE servers (and I mean MULTIPLE) here, are just the worst in the city.  They're forgetful, slow, and always diffusing responsibility to a faceless kitchen.  On those days that we would go in the afternoon, every server on the floor is still visibly drunk and/or high from the night before, and audibly bragging about it.  Not that I care that people are drunk and/or high - but just be sure you can still function at a basic human level if those are your life choices.  My favorite things on the menu are the Angry Hippie Burrito, Foo-Foo Fajitas, and the Tofu Tacos.  Now when we go on a Saturday night - these plates are BANGIN' and totally delicious.  I crave the Tofu Tacos because they're so unique and so filling - whatever that glaze is on the tofu - I can't recreate it at home, unfortunately (and we have TRIED!).  I have to go to Mad Mad to enjoy my Tofu Taco craving.  The Angry Hippie Burrito is freaking awesome too, because it's enormous and there's tons of veggie goodness in it (if it's not overly dominated by black beans).  The Foo-Foo Fajitas - portobello and tofu and a party of other veggies (zucchini, corn, onions, peppers) - just makes love to your face once the skillet passes in front of you.  Though the wait times are long on weekends, you will mostly likely have a better food and service experience.  I promise.
4	On a Friday night around 6 the wait was 15 minutes but we were called after about 5 minutes after ordering a round of drinks at the bar. I had a Dark Horse Tres Blueberry Stout and was content. Who doesn't like blewbz? After sitting down at our table I noticed the 22 oz Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA special for...wait...$5. Face sufficiently melted, I ordered that next and continued to do so.My steak Mad Mex burrito was stupendous and a master sculptor managed to somehow wrap it into a cube instead of the standard cylinder, thus requiring me to get all dexterous with my fork y knife. Others had the San Fransisco wings (reported to be good but sugary) and grilled steak tacos (two opposable thumbs up), white sangria, and blackberry margaritas with a floater. What's a floater, you ask? I'll leave this one up to your imagination. Due to the nice weather the large garage door style windows were opened up and by chance we happened to be sitting next to one. After signing our checks, I definitely departed through said opening.
4	Came here as part of our "Sunday Funday" on a weekend trip to Pittsburgh. Since it was a beautiful day, we were able to be seated next to the open front of the restaurant. We ordered margaritas which were decently priced and good. I am a bit of a margarita snob and I think these may have been made from a mix. We continued with some chicken nachos which were awesome. The chips were delicious and loaded with delicious cheesiness, salsa, guacamole, beans and sour cream.What I have failed to mention is the interior of the restaurant. It is spacious and bright and seems like a great place to have a party. Service is really fast and friendly. A fun place to hang out!
4	i can't really vouch for any of the other mad mex's but i like this one a lot. the staff are all friendly and always willing to mix you up a margarita of whatever flavor. the food is really good too, but i'll admit, unless there's a special going on, the prices can be a little steep. i am a big fan of the dips trio and mango margaritas though! and if you've never been to a mad mex, the atmosphere is so fun, i would tell anyone to check it out!
3	So far I have frequented Madmex in greentree /shadyside and now monroeville. Each one I had something a little different so the kudos and misses will vary just a heads up.Greentree had the best stocked bar in pittsburgh I heart anyplace which stocks Absolut Pear... Mango or Acai Berry Ive been to Bars here who couldnt stock any of these so A++ for booze at this location. Here they had all three.Shadyside the Margaritas were so yummy and so were the buffalo wings I was in heaven. Though be careful ordering the expensive bigass one with the sidecar extra shot thing....... creepy little bugger makes for a big buzz later :)I tried the pork Carnitas burrito at Monroeville, along with chips and salsa. Here i cried for the authentic mexican of the southwest I truly miss, because the carnitas were so bland, the rice was white (ew) spanish please, and there weren't really any beans or corn in the burrito. Suffice to say Chipotle makes a better carnitas pork burrito for the same price or less. Also my 12 oz margarita was super tart and boozey.Salsa the chipotle and the blk bean were yumm, the nacho cheese was gross but ive never been a fan of that. I would read some more yelp reviews before ordering here again or maybe just go here for drinks and apps.
3	Ok here goes,Mad Mex is the Tex-Mex offering of the Big Burrito conglomerate of restaurants. As far as Tex-Mex goes, you could do worse. You could do better, but let's just focus on the here and now. My girlfriend (a common partner in my culinary escapades) thinks that Mad Mex is,  to quote, "the shit." At the risk of a  sreiously unhappy relationship, I must disagree. I think it is mediocre at best. We will start with the atmosphere of the place. It is packed to the walls with new age yuppies each trying to posture as much as possible and show the world how great they are. I don't care, I'm not impressed and neither is anyone else. As as result of everyone in the joint trying to tell the world how great they are, the noise level is a little high for my tastes. Also, after a certain hour, the lights are dimmed to the point where you can barely see your date (a potential plus if you have some evil friends who like blind dates), let alone read the menu. Not that it matters.The menu is rather standard fare for Tex-Mex, but it all tastes the same. No matter what you get, it all tastes like spice with a vinegar, pickled backbone. I don't mind spice, hell I like it, but spice should be an accent to the flavor, not the sole player. Mad Mex has a decent beer selection, but it all seems to be kind of run of the mill craft selections. I know that sounds like an oxymoron so let me explain: they do have a fairly healthy variety of decent craft beers, but nothing unique to them. At least at a place like Fat Heads I can get something like Bear Republic Racer 5 on a hand pump. Mad Mex is limited to the standard Dogfishead, Rogue, and Sierra Nevada you see everywhere. As a Tex-Mex place, they do have a nice selection of tequila and their margaritas are "bomb" according to my better half.As far as service goes, it was borderline, which I don't necessarily consider a bad thing. The servers were friendly and attentive, but not overbearing, which I like. They seemed to grasp the concept that I was there to enjoy my friends' company, not theirs.All in all it wasn't a loathsome experience and I will probably be back, if only to satisfy the girlfriend. And now I am off to the couch...
4	What to say about one of my favorite drinking spots in town? One of the first times I visited Pittsburgh before I moved up, my current boyfriend took me by this location for some midday drinking. I was immediately in love. The big windows out front were open, letting in a nice breeze, it was sunny, and the bartender was very good. The restaurant was not very busy and the whole place had a very relaxed feel. Once I moved here, this became one of my go to spots to meet with people at - outside of the shitty parking, which isn't their fault. They have a good number of beer offerings, though the best part in my opinion is their selection of beers. The craft brews they offer are always on point. And my boyfriend loves their sangrias. He says they do one of the best in town.Lest I forget about the food, I will say that I do enjoy it quite a bit. The carne enchilada with blue cornbread (ooooh, that blue cornbread) is my favorite on the list for sure. And make sure you ask for chips and salsa! Even if I go just for drinks I still end up with chips and salsa.I don't have any complaints, like I said outside of the parking. During lunch time, it's a real bitch. If you can, grab a seat at the bar, forget the world for a few hours, and just chill out.
2	The plus side... open late. Do not go there if your expecting Mexican. Our food came out quickly, but still managed to taste like it was under a heat lamp for 15 min. The chips were definitely out of a bag, and the salsa was an effort on their part. Almost everything was an effort to eat. The only things standing between them and TGIFriday is the "flare" and the cactus for a door handle. Oh, and I guess TGIFriday probably wouldn't be playing any Fujia & Miagi - you know, the typical Mariachi.
3	I give Mad Mex mad props for a trendy atmosphere, top 40 music, good service, valet, and some creativity in their dishes.The chimichanga wasn't what I was expecting, but the twist of using some kind of a red sauce and interesting seasoning made the dish worth while.Why 3 stars?  An incredibly bland quesadilla, lame margaritas, and bleh queso were what made the lasting impression on me.
1	1-star is putting it lightly. They're lucky 1 is required. My waiter was horrible, to put it lightly. He spilled a drink on me, didn't clea it up or even bring extra napkins so I could take care of it myself. He brought my brother-in-law a half empty soda, charged us full price. Charged us for the drink he spilled on me. My sister ate one bite of her meal and wanted to send it back but the waiter was no where to be found until ::surprise:: the check was ready to be given. He took it out of our hands so quickly, and after about 5 minutes and not having brought our cards back to us, we spoke to the manager. The waiter was confused as to why we asked for the manager. He didn't think he did anything wrong! Insanity. The manager offered us free entree cards and we declined. Never returning.
5	MMMMM, deliciousness wrapped in a tortilla.Who can argue with such great food, atmosphere and service.  I've been multiple other locations for Mad Mex, but never been to this location prior to my most recent yearning for Mexican food.  Even though parking is horrendous at this location being on a very busy street in Shadyside/East Liberty area, I still can't knock a star off for that.  Being here at a busy dinner time I expected to have at least a little wait.  Not so, we walked in, asked for a table for two and were seated immediately.  Almost immediately after sitting down our waiter was there to take our drink orders.  I'm a bit of a creature of habit when I visit a Mad Mex location.  I'm in love with the a la carte tacos.  I mean it's too hard to choose from beef, steak or chicken...so why not get one of each.  I'm still amazed that they offer soy cheese and tofu sour cream, still can't taste the difference.  Of course I was amazed by my Big Azz Margarita as always and who can deny starting with chips and salsa.  I loved how big it was in here too, lots of space to mingle about and great when the windows up front are opened.  Some outdoor seating is nice as well.  Very vibrant when walking in the area.
3	Decent food but cool place
2	First of all, the decor in here if offensively bad. It looks like a raging battle between a really crappy tattoo artist and a chic interior decorator, and what makes it worse is how pretentious it seems and how some straight male out there is probably really proud of it.Second, the prices are kind of random and ridiculous for certain items. When you come here, don't expect to have a decent meal for less than 20$ once you ad a drink. This in and of itself is a crime to my mind when talking about Mexican food. Especially Tex-Mex. For instance, guacamole by itself cost 1.50 but chips with guacamole cost 7.50. Its good guac, but its not THAT good. And the chips are brutally crappy. I could buy similar quality chips at wal-mart.I will give them credit for the tacos. I haven't personally tried them because I'm veggie and I don't like tofu, but my friend, who is a foodie, has enjoyed them on numerous occasions and says they're worth the cash. If you have a very good palette and enjoy fine dining but feel like tacos, these are the tacos for you. However, if you're not very discerning and enjoy a good taco stand, don't bother paying the extra for this.Another thing that bothered me was the waitstaff. It isn't that they're terrible. They're just not that great either. They seem distant and disingenuous. Our waiter asked us if our food was good before we even had time to take a bite. The hostess looked positively miserable the entire time we were there and when we tried to eat here once before another hostess sat us in a high-top bar table without even asking if this was acceptable. I've been a hostess before. That, and the cold distant expression are both major party fouls. My final complaint is the nachos. They were so bad that I left a comment card expressing my disdain. These people clearly know how to cook or they wouldn't be able to make such good tacos, so, I beg to know, WTF? They were 10$, which is randomly cheap for the amount you get, but when you taste them you might understand why. You get a huge pile of guac and salsa, both of which would be more expensive ordered on their own, and an enormous pile of chips covered in melted monterey jack and black beans. The beans tasted just like the ranch beans you can buy at the grocery and the overall taste really was reminiscent of frito-chilli-pie that you can buy at Sonic. My foodie friend agreed with me on the egregiousness of the whole thing and we left that plate nearly untouched.Therefore, my advice is, don't go here unless you have a very discerning palette don't mind spending more than is normal for food. If you do go, order the tacos. Do not order anything else. The steak on the tacos actually was medium rare, as asked for, and this was impressive. But if you'd be satisfied with a taco stand, just go to Pizza Sola. Its right down the street and the food is better, and cheaper, and the decor won't make you gag.
3	Relatively cheap and convenient.  Certainly not a bad place to have in your neighborhood.  I like hanging out at Mad Mex, but it certainly wouldn't be my first choice for a solid Mexican meal.  The service is solid, but the actual food quality is merely good.  I've been here on two different occasions and have tried both the Hippie Burrito and the Veggie Enchiladas.  Both dishes are decent, but are really nothing memorable.  The bar on the other hand, is really cool.  A great place to catch a game if you're in the neighborhood.
5	The service is quick and friendly. The food is delicious. We go here because this is the only Mad Mex so far that has seitan wings. They're not as good as Double Wide Grill's but they're good. They're also half off as the rest of the wings on happy hour.
4	Mad Mex has been a staple of my life since college in the city. The Shadyside location is always quite busy but the size of the restaurant helps alleviate the wait times. Food is almost always good. Wasn't terribly hungry this night so just ordered wings w San Fran sauce. Crispy wings and sweet/spicy balance on the sauce was excellent. As always I feel the margaritas are the star attraction, even with the good food. Can't beat the half-price Big Azz ones late at night or during happy hour. Always a recommended stop for a good drink, great atmosphere (though always very dark) and a solid menu.
2	You really, really have to watch what you order here.  In my experience there's been a 75% chance the food will be just short of inedible and a 25% chance it'll be awesome.  I had bad food twice at the Monroeville location.  Here I tried what Mad-Mex calls 'tortilla soup.'  It was tomato glop.  Then, just the other day, I tried the gobble-rito.  That was pure bliss.  I've been craving it ever since. Oh the paradox.
2	Mad Mex is in absolute obedience to what must be the Great Commandment of Pittsburgh Dining: thou shalt serve tons of food, whether it's awesome or mediocre or just plain inedible.  My friends and colleagues seem to love this place -- and maybe it's just me, but I never understood why.  Sure, their burritos are twice the size of any burrito you can get in, say, Chicago; but what does that matter if they only have half the flavor?  Their food is always artfully presented, with colorful sauces everywhere; but when your "hot" sauce is mild to the point of tastelessness, what's the point?  And finally, the cost -- sure they give you a lot, but they charge you a commensurately high price.  I think I'd rather spend my money at Chipotle, honestly.Not recommended.
4	Best happy hour in town IMO (and I welcome anyone to suggest others that they love).  The beer list is really stellar - lots of local and regional micros.  The only with the beer list is that it can get out of date and have a few beers on it that are already kicked.I'll occasionally get a margarita - they're solid for sure, but I'd recommend going for a high-end option if you can splurge for it.  They do a great job with those.I like the food.  It's fast, tasty and fills you up.  I almost always order the same thing - Black Bean & Pineapple Quesadilla.  Perfect portion for me at a restaurant where the portion sizes can be a bit large at times.  I also really like the chicken tortilla soup, nachos (real cheese - not cheese sauce) and the spicy bean dip.On weekend nights - be prepared for big crowds and a long wait.
4	Happily surprised with the spicy portabello burritos. Super tasty and all the better for being free for my birthday! They also have a great happy hour from 4-6 with $3 margaritas!!! (and half off drafts). Great deal, better than expected food. They also have the option to get a growler of beer, which holds like 5 beers and it seems to be a good deal too (~$12).
4	I'm not really big on Burritos, so I usually would just come here to drink.  Awesome beer list and marg's.  Last night, I was craving a good salad, but couldn't think of where to go.  My boyfriend suggested stopping here because he wanted a good beer.  I got the chicken chopped salad and was blown away!  I think it mainly had to do with the lime-cilantro dressing.  It was pretty much like cilantro pesto and totally made the dish.  It had a little kick to it, which I liked too.  We also ordered a guac and salsa side.  Both were awesome and very fresh.  I'll be back not only for the drinks but now for the salads, too!
4	What's better than a margarita? A big Azz margarita and I had two. The interior of this location has a great loft feel and is breezy, chill and laid back and has plenty of room for every one.  The house was packed on a Sunday at 6pm but I was still seated within 5 minutes.  My eyes lit up when I saw on the menu  Kaya's Yucatan Black Bean Dip!  Whomever at Madmex put that on the menu kudos to you Sir or Madam.  So for my other two dips  I ordered the, Tomatillo-Avocado, and the pico de gallo.The pico de gallo was dry and way over peppered the whole thing tasted of pepper and not much else. I am trying to clear off my calendar so that I can get back to Mad Mex for some more tequila and good eats! Listen pals get the Black Bean Dip!
3	Food was average. You can tell its an American-Mexican restaurant.  The flavor is bland, their salsa is bland. Their burritos are big but as soon as you cut into it, everything falls out. And you end to eating a big plate of filling.
4	Ask for the Big Girl mimosa at the bar. You're Welcome.
5	I had brunch with my husband at Mad Mex a few months ago. It was great and I can't wait to go back! They are very accommodating to vegetarians and vegans - most things can be modified for various diets. My husband is a meat-eater and he also loved his meal. It has a really fun atmosphere, generous portions, and reasonable prices. They do seem to get really busy at times, so you may want to have a back-up plan if you're in a hurry, but otherwise I highly recommend it!
5	Love the margaritas! And my bf loves the beer selection, friends don't let friends drink bad beer
4	Yumm, I always enjoy Mad Mex but I've never been to the Shadyside  location. We ran into a detour right on highland avenue & almost gave up. I'm glad we didn't though! I enjoyed this location so much. I always liked the oakland one despite size but this one had so much more space & had a great airy vibe, not to mention the cool painting and decor. The service was pleasing and the food was fresh & hot.
4	Fish tacos were amazing! And great beer selection - especially great prices on unique beer list for Happy Hour! Definitely recommend this place. I'm going back for sure.
3	While this is better than their Oakland branch, I'm still not convinced by their food. It's tasty but not that great. For the price you pay for it, it's not worth going to unless you go during their specials. This place is a lot bigger and a lot nicer than the one in Oakland which I'm guessing was geared toward a different demographic. I've never had anything here that was truly and epically amazing.
4	Home of the best tofu tacos on the planet. The tofu is chrispy fried and topped with a soy citrus sauce, bean sprouts, avocado, cilantro, and salsa. It tastes so fresh and each bite is packed full of flavor. After discovering these tacos, I get them every single time I'm at Mad Mex.
5	Love madmex. Foods great. Fun place!
5	I had the angry hippie vegan burrito, and oh my god. I was absolutely in heaven. I haven't been inside of this location as my friend ordered me food to go very late at night, but I seriously wish I had known about this place a long time ago. At $9 a pop, you get a massive burrito filled with vegetable goodness. It was hard to eat, and I only had half for dinner. The other half made excellent leftovers for a hangover breakfast the next day. I was pleased! I guess it's a little difficult to thoroughly review a place if you haven't EXPERIENCED it. I can say that I am immensely impressed with the vegan options. I don't have to eat a plain burrito here, I can go all out with vegan sour cream and cheese too. That's the beauty of Mad Mex.I hope I get to visit again in the future. I find myself craving one of those Angry Hippie burritos time to time, and right now is definitely one of those times!
5	Dining with Style.Wow; what a treat!  Arriving in Pittsburgh, I was told I couldn't leave without trying some Mexican food from Mad Mex, and I'm glad I did.The restaurant is planned out amazingly well.  I'm told each location shares the same theme, but are decorated individually.  When the weather is nice they'll open up the large garage style doors that make up the front of the restaurant; which allows for the feeling that you're enjoying the outdoors while not needing to be exposed, that in mind they do have outdoor seating for those who wish to enjoy the weather fully.They have a wide range of alcoholic beverages, but you have to try a flavored Margarita.  They have six of so to choose from, and you have have them froze or unfrozen.  It was warm enough day that the frozen ones were perfect for the situation.  Be careful though; they make'm strong ;)The food was scrumptious and not overly priced.  Obviously with it's Mexican background the food is Mexican, but they are accommodating to requests  The burritos are huge and topped with the Mad Mex logo when it arrives at the table.  It appears they pay special attention to the finer details which allows their patrons to enjoy their amazing food, environment, and well attentive staff.So; I'll say to you - You can't leave Pittsburgh without trying Mad Mex ;)
4	I really enjoy this location. Service can be hit or miss but I prefer it over all of the other locales.Pros:Vegetarian friendlyFood is consistantly delicious Outdoor seating, weather permittingSpacious with upstairs seatingClean Cons:Service (see above)
2	Wow, what a disappointment, I think I was jaded by my earlier experience here.I am quite confused but the inconsistency between each location.  And every year I always seem to run into the same problem.  No two location are alike, which cannot be a good thing.First, why do you feel the need to always sit a party of two in that row of tables that basically crams you into the lab of the person at the next table.  It's not fun having to move your glass or plate every time someone gets up to use the restroom or leave.  Second, what was up with our server?  It was like we were partially listened to the whole night.  I've had many good experiences with Mad Mex, but this server may have ended my kindness towards them and disrupted my return business from ever coming back.  I asked about a particular meal and she needed to consult her manager (I was coming here to redeem my birthday meal (good for up to $30)), she came back and said her manager was fine with that and then I proceeded to order.  When we got through with the order, it's like deja vu.  She had to consult with her manager again.  But before we left, we had asked for chips and salsa.Third, the wait.  After the ordering debacle, we waited and waited.  After about ten minutes of not seeing our waiter again, I had to pull another waiter over and ask if he could send her our way with our chips and salsa.  Once she decided to grace us with her presence, she stated, "you didn't order this, I didn't know you wanted it."  At this point, I'm getting hot, and it was from the spicy food.Fourth, the food.  I had a chicken, steak and ground beef taco.  Opted for the soy cheese and tofu sour cream and some beans and rice.  Great to mix together.  The chicken was fine.  The steak, a little too well cooked for my liking even though I asked for medium.  And the ground beef, yuck.  It's like they just scraped what was left in bottom of the pan and threw it on a tortilla.Fifth, the price.  For my meal, which should have been free as it was under the $30 limit, I was still charge partly for it.  They only discounted $8 off my check.  Don't get me wrong, I'll pay for my food, I'm not always a cheap bastard, but for the subpar food I just got, with the service that was almost nonexistent, I feel as I should have been compensated for more than $8.Mad Mex, you let me down, badly.  My business can go elsewhere in the Shadyside area now, or maybe that can go for other locations as well.
5	Pumking on draft, apple cider margaritas through September and the Gobblerito-what more could you want?!! This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh and so happy they opened this location in Shadyside which is much bigger and more open than the one in Oakland.  The happy hour specials are great-1/2 all drafts (they always have a great selection of beers), $7 big ass margaritas, and 1/2 priced wings. I usually get the $3 little butt margaritas on happy hour special so that I can try a few flavors including the new Sangria margarita. It wasn't as good as I was hoping but worth the try. The apple cider one is delicious with a sugar mixture around the rim to top it off.  Of course the Gobblerito was fantastic and worth the try even if you are a little hesitant.
2	Pretty much the Pittsburgh interpretation of Tex-Mex. This pretty much entails terrible salsa, blue margarita salt. Not nearly as loud as the Oakland one, and a better bar. They had mole burritos so that was good. If you want Tex-Mex, go elsewhere. If you want to drink here with friends, well that's ok I guess. This and Steel Cactus are pretty much the same thing.
4	I had to write a positive review after my last two. And who better to review positively than Mad Mex?This location is pretty huge and very busy at happy hour. We went on a Friday night and had to wait 15-20 minutes for a table for two, but it wasn't a big deal. I had the Mad Mex burrito (if that sounds like the correct name) and a big azz frozen apple pie type seasonal margarita. Which hit me like a ton of drunken bricks halfway through my burrito. Wow! Tequila is both my friend and my enemy. Anyway. The margarita was delicious, the burrito was delicious, service was good, and I have no complaints. Everything I've ever had at Mad Mex is good :)
3	Went with some friend after a tough semester for some drinks. Great atmosphere, service was awesome, drinks were reasonable, and the burritos are big enough to feed a small army. I paid $5 per beer (not too shabby) and $10 for the burrito.  I ordered the spicy burrito and that's really all it was...lots of spice and not enough other flavors.  I'd go again for apps and drinks but I would skip the food.  Peace!
3	This is the 4th Mad Mex I've been to in PA. This one was definitely the nicest I've seen. It's big and open and very nicely decorated. The bartender, Matthew, was absolutely wonderful. He was friendly, funny and really on the ball with our order. The booze is expensive, $6 or more for most beers. The food is good but also pretty expensive, though you do get large portions. The Southwestern wings are one of the best things I've ever eaten!
4	Nice happy hour specials. The black bean dip is delicious!  I was very pleased with my red velvet quesadillas. Enjoyed the music. All I needed was a dance floor. Good service. I'll definitely be back again.
1	Ugh, not only was the food cold and too salty and greasy, but I then got food poisoning that night.  Never going here again.  Worst restaurant in Shadyside.
4	I love the Shadyside location, especially when the weather is nice and the garage doors/windows are open and there is a fun, open air feel. They have a lot of beers on tap, and they have a lot of local selections as well. The margaritas are good as well, and I love the happy hour specials where you can get $7 big azz margaritas. Yum.Some of my favorite things on the menu include the black bean dip which is creamy, spicy, and completely vegetarian, as well as the shrimp and spinach quesadilla. You have the option to get a whole wheat tortilla, which is nice. I also love the California salad which is loaded with alfalfa sprouts. The vegan ranch is interesting, but I prefer the regular ranch dressing. Yum! It's great that there are so many vegan and vegetarian options, though. My brother is vegan, and when he comes to visit from Nashville (where there aren't a ton of vegan options), he always wants to go to Mad Mex.
4	Gobblerito tastes nothing like Mexican food, and it satisfied every need I never knew I had or wanted, cranberry margarita was delicious, boozeyband not too sweet. Perfect! Cute ambiance, otherwise standard white people Tex mex. I see myself visiting this place a lot more in the future.
4	The tofu tacos are my favorite. I also love their salads. They are huge though, so be forewarned- you might be better off splitting a salad. I don't think I've ever had a dish here that wasn't good. Not authentic Mex but the food is consistently good.
4	How about a special holiday update on this place.  As you can see they have redeemed their self, at least a little bit with my most recent visit.I was craving a Gobblerito, and this being the closest location to where I live, I begrudgingly came here.  I am happy to report, I survived and I was left with a better taste in my mouth (now, was that pun intended?).I am not sure if it was where we were seated this time (I requested the booth), the server (so much more attentive, she heard everything we said), or if it were the overall experience that made this time so much better.We started with the obligatory chips and salsa.  I also ordered a draft.  What I thought was going to start a downhill slip started with this draft.  The one I ordered just happened to kick the keg halfway filling up the glass.  Our server, Caitlin was her name, assured me that they were checking to see if they had another keg, if they did not, she would be back to ask if I wanted anything else.  I was thinking to myself, "great, here we go again," however, she returned with a full glass of my draft, with that, we were over our little hiccup for the evening (another pun).Everything came out perfect after that.  My Gobblerito was amazing.  Who can argue with Thanksgiving food being stuffed inside a burrito and topped with gravy?  Three good slices of turkey, a serving of stuffing, a serving of mashed potatoes with black beans and some corn stuffed oh so lovingly into a huge burrito.  Top it with a hot serving of gravy, a side of cranberry sauce stuff, and you have your Thanksgiving early.  My friends, I must warn y'all, This is a limited time item on their menu.  As I write this, I believe you only are able to get it for the next two days.  So RUN, don't walk to your nearest Mad Mex and enjoy this delectable item while you can!
3	Normally, I would prefer not to come to Mad Mex, especially the Shadyside location. It is always crowded and loud and just not fun. I have always felt the service to be sub-par and the food to be just not good. HOWEVER, this time I came for the Gobblerito.I think it goes without saying that the food was good. The Gobblerito really is a delicious item. The gravy is good, the turkey meat quality is good, the ingredients aren't soggy or disgusting. It really is a quality thanksgiving meal.Also, this time, our waitress was actually really great! We were having really absurd hilarious conversations, and she finally walked by and mentioned that she thought we were hilarious. She also accurately gave us all our orders (easy, cuz they were all Gobbleritos, but we did have some modifications). Alcohol service was also quick. And she really was quite pleasant and didn't even bat an eyelash when we asked to split our check 6 ways (which, we know is a pain, and so we all tipped her extra well).So, all in all, my last trip to Mad Mex in Shadyside was a great experience even though I usually find it obnoxious there.
4	This is good 'ol Americanized Mexican food with big portions, decent prices (in general), and awesome allergen information! Two of the friends I was dining with are vegan and there were a ton of options for them, which was a huge plus! They even have Daiya dairy/soy/gluten free cheese! Anywho, I'll start with the drink I ordered. I got a 12 dollar Don Julio VIP margarita that has an inside out lime floating on top (a floater) and a shot of tequila in it. I got it on the rocks, which I regretted, because the thing was EXTREMELY watered down, almost tasteless. I won't be spending 12 dollars on that again. You can add the floater to any drink, so I think I'd get the 5 dollar margarita and add it on instead in the future!As for the meal, they have a lot of options for people who are gluten free! All of the allergen information is listed clearly on their website for dairy, gluten, soy and peanut. You must inquire about any other allergies. They have a lot of gluten free options, such as their plain meats (carnitas, steak, chicken, shrimp) and you can sub in a corn tortilla for a lot of the menu items. They also have a "bare-ito" that allows you to make any burrito into a bowl! Good stuff. Soy allergy info: There are not a lot of soy-free options or substitutes here. Almost everything is marinated, fried, or cooked in soybean oil. For this reason, I got a plain salad with tomatoes on it with oil and vinegar. They charged me 9 dollars for it. I wasn't too happy about that, but whatever. The rest of my friends' portions were huge and delicious for a good price. Our waitress was super friendly and all of my friends enjoyed their meals. I really bumped up the stars from 3 because of the vast options and information they have for those with dietary restrictions, as well as the good service.
5	I'm a huge fan of mad mex when I visit Pittsburgh. It would do well out here in Los Angeles. The salsa is good but we always go straight to the queso. I usually get the wingarito tacos. It's a ton of food and it's all good. They obviously source their fries from the same vendor as chick fil a. So if I'm craving non hateful fries I can get them here. Always great service too.
4	Obviously this place doesn't need a review. It's affordable enough so everyone can come without risk. For GF and dairy free eaters: they can substitute corn tortillas AND vegan sour cream and vegan cheese that melts like regular cheese. When I order a burrito, I order it naked with a side of corn tortillas and I make my own mini burritos. Expect to wait during rush hours (6-830), the bar is a good place to wait, even if you don't have a seat :)
4	A much as I don't enjoy the Shadyside crowd, this place was a nice addition to the South Highland string of places along the Shadyside/East Liberty wing of the East Side. The food (particularly the guacamole) and margaritas are great, particularly for the happy hour with a group of amigos. Fridays and Saturdays get crazy here, as the place quickly fills with snotty Shadyside goers, so make your plans accordingly. Bottom line: this is a vegetarian mecca with great food and booze!
3	Food is good, prices are reasonable. The variety of beers on draught are amazing. The menu is also vegetarian/ vegan friendly so there end up being a lot of food options- you aren't stuck ordering the same dish every time. I just wish this place was a little less loud- you can barely hear your friends when you are sitting at the bar or eating dinner.
5	Always such amazing food, and an awesome happy hour/late night special. Great for groups or a date night, or sitting solo at the bar. Lots of options for every kind of eater/diet, made clear on the menu and on their website. Vegan options are especially nice, with vegan cheese and sour cream options at no extra cost :)The prices are usually around 10 bucks a dish, but their portions are HUGE and keep super well for a leftover meal (or two).I'm a fan of this location since it's so big (although it'll still be packed with an hour wait on a Friday or Saturday night), and in the summer it's a real treat to sit with a Bigazz margarita with the big windows open to Highland Avenue.
4	This is one of our go-to spots. Love the beer selection here! The wings are delicious and the pick a dippa is awesome- the guacamole and habanero pineapple salsa are two of our favorites. The carnitas burrito, black bean quesadilla, chicken torta, and California salad are some of my favorites. Wait can sometimes be long on weekends. Speaking of weekends we like the Sunday brunch too. The chorizo tacos are yummy and I always get the heuvos rancheros. The breakfast potatoes are good. I always get a screwdriver to drink and it's so tasty.
5	This isn't a best-restaurant-ever 5 stars, but for what it is, a fun, irreverent twist on Mexican with a great beer selection, it does exactly what it sets out to do.The Shadyside location has short rib tacos, which are worth the trip.There's not much to say about MM that hasn't been said already, but dang, those tacos are good.
5	I've always been a fan of Mad Mex - endless burrito combinations and their margaritas outpace almost every Pittsburgh restaurant - so when I found out they started a prix fixe brunch I had to try it! Only $12 for a meal and a breakfast cocktail (or even a margarita!) I ordered the carnitas Sunday Street tacos with a Mad Maria. Amazing flavor with the cilantro and loved how they accompany them with over easy eggs for dipping. They give you four tacos, but they are pretty small so you're not in a complete brunch food coma when you leave. The Mad Maria (Bloody Mary with Tequila) was a nice twist from the standard drink and was the right amount of spicy.My friends ordered the chicken and waffles and the steak and eggs skillet, both of which they recommend. Especially if you sub over easy eggs on the skillet.
4	Mad Mex is a solid three to four stars and I'm settling with four because the things that take an experience down a notch are largely out of their control. Happy Hours here are a great deal. Their tap selection usually showcases an exceptional range and variety and their mixed drinks stand up to comparison with much more cocktail-oriented bars. The staff here is friendly and accommodating even when they are completely slammed [which is when I encounter a more three star experience ]. Wait times -- which are largely out of their control -- can be excessive on weekends so if you're coming here on a Friday happy hour, get here early and prepare for a crowd. If crowds are your thing, then this is your place. Food is consistently well prepared and inventive [although the menu doesn't change often]. Their Sunday brunch which I just tried for the first time recently is a highlight. All in all, not a bad place to unwind after the week, meet friends for a Sunday Funday, or grab lunch during the work week.
4	Wingo rita wrap is awesome
4	Listen, I am not the most picky when it comes to Mexican food, but when I get to sit in good lighting with a large drink and a cool breeze blowing through my hair, anything tastes amazing. I am sure this isn't the top of the line when it comes to food, but I LOVE that it's open late and has a large menu--albeit of the same items in different combinations--but that's American Mexican food right? I liked going to this place at night and pretending I was on a tropical vacation. It was magical.
2	I have given this spot 10 tries on faith and vibe alone.  Great people, hit spot and awesome kids menu with ice cream but food lacks originality and depth of flavor. Combos are bland, presentation is hurried and just frankly not that good. Anyone who has traveled to spots with cool text mex will know it!   Sorry.  Overrated.
5	My Sunday ritual consists of sauntering into this establishment and doing the city paper crossword (in pen and I can't spell). Bummed they cut back the brunch menu but it is still a clutch brunch spot (and it's safely away from the masses lined up outside of Pamela eagerly waiting to get their fix of butter soaked everything with a side of afternoon diarrhea).
4	Yum! Usually as a vegetarian, I hear that someone has picked a Mexican restaurant for a group dinner and I sigh. 90% of the time I end up getting a bean and rice burrito and enough frozen sour mix to make me never want sweets again. Mad Mex isn't really even Mexican, which worked tremendously to my benefit. It's Tex-Mex inspired but they really consider using fresh ingredients and working different cuisines into the menu whenever possible. They had so many veggie options, from seitan wings to marinated tofu and veggie-abundant enchiladas. Everything we had was great, including the not-too-sweet sangria margaritas. I'd gladly go back!
4	So I don't know if anyone reading this uses Mint to manage finances, but basically there is this option where you can view total spending over the past few years by specific store/restaurant/etc. One day I did a search for Mad Mex, and the number that appeared was absolutely horrifying.So I'm at this Mad Mex a lot. Too much, maybe. It's just so conveniently located, the happy hour is good, food is consistent, and most of the staff is very friendly. My history with Mad Mex started at the Oakland location while I was a Pitt undergrad, and once I moved to Point Breeze on the very edge of Shadyside, I was glad that this new location opened within walking distance. The location itself is WAY better than the Oakland restaurant. It's so much bigger, has a cool garage door, and a very large bar.The margaritas. Okay, so they're not the best margaritas ever--not even close, really. But the BIg Azz margs are HUGE and are cheap during happy hour. My friends and I actually calculated that getting two Little Butt margaritas at happy hour pricing is a better value that one Big Azz. Two Little Butts will cost $6 for 24 total ounces, while a Big Azz is $7 for 22oz. Knowledge is power.I usually stick to the Wing-O-Rito which combines two of my favorite foods: buffalo chicken inside of a burrito. The standard rice, black beans, and cheese are also inside, along with salsa and ranch or bleu cheese on the side. I find it really hard to deviate from this even though I'm sure there are probably many other tasty things on the menu.One other food item I do love is the Pennsyltucky Fried Tofu. Try it. Even tofu haters will like it.True story: one time my friends and I won a 20lb box of coconuts and bananas here (plus a round of free drinks). You just can't say that about most restaurants.
5	I am from Ann Arbor and was visiting Pittsburgh. We visited this place in the evening.. It was bustling with activity but found a nice corner table facing the street. Food was excellent! Nachos were delicious. The best dish was the tacos with tofu. It was the best taco we ever had.. Very vegetarian friendly place with a lot of options... Will visit it the next time I go to Pittsburgh.
4	My first experience at this location was definitely sub-par.  But I gave it another chance... many other chances and it never let me down again!  Plus, this is the only location that does brunch!   A perfect start to a lazy Sunday Huevos Rancheros and a Tequila Sunrise!!
4	MOST AMAZING BURRITO OF MY LIFE!This restaurant must have come out of a vegan's dream: seitan ("wheat meat"), Daiya (tapioca cheese), vegan sour cream, and tofu! And the burritos are SO GIANT that they look square and you definitely need to eat them with a fork. :-)
1	I came here Saturday evening yesterday and seeing that there were several seats available at the bar I took one and sat down. The bartender approached me and asked me what I would like. I said just a glass of water. She asked if I wanted anything else and I said no I'm fine. She gave me a disgruntled look and walked away. Shortly after, another bartender approached me and asked me if I wanted anything and I said I was okay. He said would you like a menu. Feeling a little guilty I agreed to take one but said I ate earlier. He then asked if I had any intention of ordering anything. I said I wasn't sure and then I offered to give up my seat if more people came, after which he then left. I immediately got off my seat and left the establishment.I can't recall anytime in recent history being treated like that. While I respect the need for establishments to make money and to attract paying customers, it did not sit well with me that I could not even sit down at their bar and relax for a few moments with a drink of water. On plenty of occasions I've gone to other establishments and not been hassled over ordering water. If treated nicely or if the bar was crowded, I would tip when given water or would order something since I do understand their business needs. However, treating a potential customer like a vagrant off the street and not offering any initial hospitality is not a wise business model. This form of treatment makes them feel insulted and not only discourages them from becoming paying customers, but encourages them to write negative reviews and to share their story word of mouth to anyone who will listen.If management is so adamant that every person entering their establishment is a paying customer then they must make it into a policy that is clear to incoming patrons. This can be done by putting up signs and also by training personnel to respectfully inform patrons of this policy when they sit at the bar. Digressing, if the bar was crowded and if I continued to order water then I could see their point.One other point I should make is that I had just spent $60 at Casbah, the adjacent restaurant, which if I understand correctly, is operated under the same management. Regardless, no incoming patron deserves to be treated like a deadbeat. Any successful business model incorporates courtesy, respect, hospitality, and the crazy notion that any incoming patron has the potential to become a repeat customer if they are treated right. From the treatment I received, I can see that either no such model exists for this establishment, or the hiring or training regimen is in need of some TLC. The experience I had infuriated me and, short of a sincere apology, I will never go back and will share this experience with others.
3	I've been here a couple of times, though it's been awhile.  The reason it's been awhile is because nothing I've ordered here has wowed me.Both times I've been here, I've come with a group during happy hour.  I don't recall what I ordered the first time, but the second time, I ordered the fish tacos.  They were disappointing--the fish didn't seem very fresh, and its flavor was drowned out by the salsa.  The refried beans and rice that came with it were pretty nondescript, as well.  I don't recall much about the chips, so they must not have struck me as particularly tasty.The margaritas, on the other hand, were pretty good.  I personally don't have the alcohol tolerance for the Big Azz margarita, so I went with the smaller ones both times.  I believe I ordered the strawberry once and the mango once, and they were both decent.Be forewarned that it's extremely crowded during happy hour, and that the noise level is extremely loud.  If I came here again, I'd skip the food and would try to sit at the bar and order chips and a margarita.  If I came around Thanksgiving, I might try the gobblerito, however, since this seems to be a popular option.
4	To me, Mad Mex is a place to watch sports, drink beer and eat wings!  And for those points and those points only, I am giving Mad Mex 4 stars!  It's convenient, there's street parking, it's a fun atmosphere, it's not impossible to get a table, and they have a decent happy hour!  What is there to complain about??I can't speak to the food because I basically refuse to eat mexican food outside of CA or Texas.  (And yes, I know that Tex-Mex is fake mexican food.)  So, I'll defer to the rest of the yelpers for opinions on the food.  But given that there are several locations, I'm sure the food is your run-of-the-mill chain mexican options.
2	Four years ago, this Mad Mex was one of the first local restaurants we had tried in Pittsburgh while family was in town. The service had been mediocre, the food was underwhelming, and the margaritas were poor. My margarita was so terrible that I sent it back. (That's the one and only time that I have ever sent a drink back.) I avoided eating at Mad Mex for two years until I gave the Monroeville location a try. After drinking and dining at the Monroeville location multiple times over the last couple years, I fell in love with this local Mexican chain.  While in the middle of some bar hopping last night, my group and I made Mad Mex our last stop. I had such high hopes after our Monroeville experience... but I was disappointed yet again. We started with appetizers which were pretty good. However, our waitress was not the nicest. We arrived at 9:30, and several people at the table ordered beer while I anxiously waited for the Big Azz Margarita special to begin at 10:00. At 9:58, I asked the waitress if it was 10:00 yet, and she curtly answered "no" and walked away, not returning for at least 10-15 minutes. I was so frustrated by her that none of us ordered margaritas, and we all ended up leaving the restaurant shortly after. My advice would be to drive out to the suburbs and dine at the Mad Mex in Monroeville, where I have consistently had a completely opposite experience.
4	I love fish tacos and I really like the fish tacos here. They are at a good price and they are tasty! They have a happy hour and are known for their margaritas. I love Mad Mex. Most recently, I got the carnitas burrito and I was in heaven. The burrito itself was tasty and the plate looked very nice. I took a picture of it. The cornbread it came with on the side was really really good. I couldn't get enough! The other side additions (guacamole, salsa, and coleslaw) were good and added to the dish as well. They have a good draft list too. I will definitely be back again soon. Only negative is I ordered takeout once and I think the order got messed up. Anyways, great place. I will continue to enjoy Mad Mex to satisfy my Mexican food cravings!
3	Haven't been in years so I met some friends for drinks. Tried the shrimp quesadilla and a sangria margarita. Good food. The service was ok. I used to go to the Oakland location and remember good food and a loud environment. I would go back but prefer late night when it's a bit more calm.
4	This is my favourite Mad Mex location, especially in the summertime, sitting in a window booth. It's usually hard to get on a nice day, but if you're willing and have the time to wait, I think it's worth it! It's a pretty noisy place, so be willing to talk over clanging glass, other loud voices and TVs to be heard, but it's a fun place to go with a group. I'm a vegetarian so I love the Happy Hippy quesadilla. Never disappoints. Lots of veggies, perfect amount of cheese. I only wish the guac serving was more generous (I usually always have to request an extra side).
4	This Mad Mex is a common stop for me. I enjoy their interesting dishes and I especially enjoy that many things (perhaps even most things) can be made either vegetarian or vegan. The food they serve is American Mexican food that often has interesting elements to it. It is more fresh and up-scale than the American style Mexican restaurants some of us may be used to. Also a bit more pricey, but price-wise I find it pretty reasonable. 10 to 15 or so for an entree. Drinks are fairly pricey, but not in context of the area. The dining area is large and crowded at times. As someone who has lived in the area my whole life, I fell in love with the oakland location of Mad Mex in high school. I was excited when this location was opening and happy for them having more and more locations. Comparatively this location is a lot bigger but slightly less endearingly funky. There is sidewalk seating and garage style doors in front, which are nice. Service varies, but is generally pretty good. They have student half price menu items in the early afternoons Monday through Thursday.
4	Nice addition to the Highland Ave restaurant scene in Shadyside. The food is always good, especially the picka dippa XX cheese and black bean dip. The Mad Mex burrito is the staple meal, but the fajitas, salsa, and wings are also delicious.
5	Mad Mex Shadyside is our favorite spot to drink and get food we know we're going to love. I would bring friends here from out of town because I know they'd enjoy the atmosphere. I enjoy getting to sit outside or with the large doors opened. Definitely a great location and even better place to grab drinks!
5	This place is perfect in every way.  I love Mad Mex more than any other eating and drinking establishment in Pittsburgh.  Great food, amazing beer selection, delicious cocktails and a cool and funky atmosphere.  Service is always on-point.  This place gets busy so you may have to wait for a table during primetime dining hours.  If you have to wait - grab a drink at the bar and enjoy the craziness.
5	Wow! Amazing menu and such good food!
4	Chips and salsa are not on the house, but the chips and guacamole are worth the nominal charge.  Chicken soft shell tacos were fantastic.  Service took long however.
4	This place is one of the better Tex-Mex places in Pittsburgh, not to say it is the best, but I am hoping someday Pittsburgh gets some good Tex-Mex and barbecue places. I recently came here for Sunday brunch and I was not disappointed. They have a special that includes a brunch meal and a drink (alcoholic or not) for only $12. I ordered the chicken and waffles. I have to say the meal as a whole was more sweet than salty was a little bit of a let down. I really enjoyed the crispiness of the chicken and was hoping for a more crispy waffle. My friend ordered the breakfast burrito and it was my favorite burrito that I have had so far at Mad Mex. It was stuffed with eggs, potatoes, peppers, bacon, cheese etc. I would recommend getting any of the appetizers especially the black bean dip because it is delicious. I would not recommend the burritos (other than the breakfast one) since they are basically just completely filled with rice and they are bland.
5	Stopped in after a meeting,  thought about reading the paper, then the lights were lowered to kinda dark.  Decided to get my food to go.  Wait staff, Emily, was very sweet and understanding.   She made awesome recommendations, too.  If the food is as unexpectedly superior as the service provided by Emily, I will most definitely update this review.
4	Great ambiance, booths are roomy and comfy, servers are great. I got the Nacho Mama's Taco Platter (hehe) and a black cherry margarita. Everything was delicious, and the taco platter was wayy too much food. You can probably spread it over two meals, which isn't a bad thing.
5	We went one night in Pitt and we loved it so much that we went the next day for a late brunch. I can't wait to go back!
4	As a Texan and an avid Tex-Mex lover, I was quite skeptical to come eat Mexican, let alone, Tex-Mex in Pittsburgh of all places. I came here for brunch with my BFF who has just moved to Pittsburgh. Knowing I might be disappointed in Mexican food up here, I was excited to get a wonderful brunch menu item. I chose the chicken and waffles, while the BFF chose a burrito. We also got a trio of guacamole, queso, and a salsa to start.My chicken and waffles were off the chain amazing. The chicken was boneless and fried and tossed in a delicious spicy sauce. It was served with some agave nectar as well as some cream cheese concoction for dipping. Oh my goodness, it was just so amazing. The spiciness combined with the sweet creaminess of the cream cheese was just out of this world. I devoured my meal.Now the BFF's burrito was not as good, sadly. To call it a burrito is even a bad choice of words. It was a moist, soggy tortilla that was not rolled in burrito form but simply wrapped around a large mound of mostly rice. It would have been great and probably more tasty if there was HALF of the rice. It was just silly how big it was and the rice distracted from the other ingredients. As I looked around, I saw a few other pairs of diners in which one got chicken and waffles, and the other got a burrito. It was so sad really, because mine was so good and I kept talking about how good it was and her's was just mehhhh... All in all - fabulous brunch, lame burritos. Go try the chicken and waffles NOW!
4	I like this location and I am a huge fan of margaritas and tacos. I always order the tofu tacos here. Trust me, they are amazing. Even Bobby, who does not care for tofu, thought they were good! Overall, it's a decent restaurant and it's nice that they offer valet service. Wait times are very unpredictable, though, so if you don't go on a more quiet night, you could be waiting for awhile (and probably outside because the foyer is so very small!)Last time we were here we were seated upstairs. I thought this would be cool but it actually just seemed to result in slower service. I would request seating downstairs if the wait time isn't crazy.The food is consistently good so we keep coming back!
4	Birthday. Gobblerito. It was so wrong yet so right. Like being with a woman you know you shouldn't be with but damn it you can spare the eventual heart break for the momentary bosom of her warm love. That, my friends, is the Gobblerito. Minus one star for awkwardly loud acoustics.
4	I am ridiculously ashamed that in all my years in this fair city of Pittsburgh and my three years Yelping, I have yet to review this fine establishment.  I suppose the Shadyside location is among the more recent additions to the Mad Mex crew, so maybe I get a pass?  ANYWAY - Mad Mex is just fabulous...even moreso in the fall when the all-important Gobblerito takes centerstage and fills my belly with an entire Thanksgiving meal swaddled in a delightful flourly shell.  Aside from the Gobblerito, MM has plenty to offer year-round, include those of us who love a good vegetarian meal when they're not scarfing down turkey by the pound.  MM's menu is a delight to every Tex-Mex palate and their wings aren't too bad either.  Throw in a great beer list and the best margaritas north of Mexico City and you've got a true Pittsburgh favorite. Pass the guacamole, please.
3	My friends and I had our Gobblerita friendsgiving at the Shadyside location.  The food was great.  My gobblerita and margaritas were exactly why we went there.  The service on the other hand was sub par.  We went at an odd time around 4 pm with nearly no one in the usually busy place:  Right after lunch, right before HH.  We sat in the bar and seemed to be a bother until our waitress was on her shift.  I go out to eat often and the service makes or breaks the experience.  I will try again soon.
1	I have been to Mad Mex several times with mixed results.  Unfortunately, yesterday was definitely the WORST. I ordered the nachos with taco meat.  It looked awful when it was served and tasted worst.  Still undeterred I ordered the shrimp taquitos.  Again, the presentation was horrible, the exterior soggy and oily, the interior looked like cat food and tasted like it (I'm sure).  We were sitting at the bar, 3 of us and our service was mediocre. When I told our young bartender that my food was really bad she said nothing and did nothing.  I will never eat there again!
3	I think Mad Mex's food is a bit overrated, but the magaritas on happy hour special are a good deal, and tasty.  The beer menu is awesome!  Expensive, but excellent selection.  The Shadyside location is spacious and comfortable.I love their black bean dip (and, accordingly, the black bean and pineapple quesadilla).  Much of the other food I've had here is pretty Meh and definitely "Mexican inspired" rather than close to anything authentic (or even authentically Tex-Mex-y).  The chips and salsa make me downright hostile because a) they are expensive, b) the texture is too thick and they taste as they came directly out of a supermarket-bought Tostitos bag, and c) they are often somewhat stale, so it's more like that Tostitos bag was bought and left open 2 weeks ago. Gross.  The Gobblerito is, indeed, a thing of Seasonal Beauty.  If you don't mind the resulting carb-coma, it is definitely something to try.
5	Our favorite family dining choice.  Delicious gluten free fish tacos and lots of dairy free and gluten free options as well.  Kids meals are a good value.  Margaritas delish. ;)
5	Lots of vegan options from vegan ranch, daiya cheese, tofutti sour cream, tofu, portobello and seitan. Staff is always friendly and intelligent on the menu.
5	Must say that we only went here for drinks one afternoon and were pleasantly surprised by the beer selection, the service and most of all their jalepeno margarita - oh so delicious! We ordered the guac and chips which were standard, good and satisfying. Hoping to return for a meal and many more margaritas someday.
3	Overview:Mad Mex is a popular, dimly lit, trendy Mexican restaurant/bar on S Highland Ave pretty close to the plaza with Chipotle/Whole Foods that I visited as a part of a large group for a pre-interview dinner.The Food:Perhaps I am not the best person to talk about the food here because we did not have a traditional meal here. We were served buffet, BYOT (build-your-own-taco) style, and given a standard array of chicken, lettuce, salsas, and soft tortillas. We were served on their second story dining table which is basically a indoor balcony that seats a little over 20 people. I didn't find the food to be very special in any way, and thought the open room wasn't the best place for people to talk due to noise from the bottom stories.The Establishment:Situated on a row of shops rather than in a plaza, I'm not exactly sure where people park. When I came here, I ended up parking in the Whole Foods plaza which was about a quarter mile away. It's very dimly lit, and fairly loud, but was upscale in that most of the furniture was good heavy wood and the bathrooms were classy and clean. There is a large bar to your left as you enter that I did not try out.The Service:I can't really comment as I came with a large private group. After our initial drink orders, I didn't meet a waiter again.Conclusions:Mad Mex was a decent restaurant for our large group (~20 people) but unfortunately I was not impressed by the food. I do have to warn readers that my experience was likely marred because buffet-style food has to appeal to the broadest audience and I do favor adventurous places that take chances with their cooking. Mad Mex has a trendy vibe that will appeal to most young people and seems well suited for small groups of young adults.
1	OMG this place is awful!  I am shocked that so many people in the Pittsburgh area have such bad taste in "Mexican" food, as this place is typically packed.  To start, the salsa had zero flavor, and tasted like it was poured from a tin can of tomato mix.  The food resulted in a similar review; tasteless and a complete waste of money!
2	I moved to Pittsburgh from the Southwest and have not yet found any decent Mexican food. While I was wary of Mad Mex due to reading reviews, some coworkers insisted that I try it anyway and spoke highly of it, so I did. We ordered nachos and a carnitas burrito. The nachos were just not made well, structurally speaking. They were big and had lots of toppings, but the cheese wasn't distributed evenly at all, and wasn't a nice melty cheese sauce. It was also overcooked so it was just kind of like dried cheese on some chips with lots of cheese-less chips. The other toppings were okay but nothing amazing. The burrito was really sad. It looked like a square on the plate, not like any burrito I've ever seen before. The filling was almost entirely rice, which was okay tasting by itself, but there was way too much in the burrito. The carnitas were extremely salty to the point that I didn't even finish the meat. There were a few trace amounts of green in the bottom of the tortilla (I guess that was the advertised "green chile"), but they had almost no flavor or spice so it was hard to distinguish them. On the side was a flavorless pico de gallo and slaw, and some cornbread that was really mushy in the middle (undercooked). Overall, not impressed and not going back unless it's just for drinks.
4	The food was very good and at a reasonable price. If you're going to go at night, be prepared for a crammed experience. Excellent atmosphere though.
