5	So full of flavor! Everyone is so nice and friendly from the moment you walk in.  You get a lot of food for the price and everything was served promptly and just how we ordered it. We love going to Sammy's!
5	I am a big fan of woodfired pizza and this place did not upset.I started off with the Mac and Cheese, which was amazing!!! And followed it up with the BBQ chicken pizza.I worked for a pizza place for years and made many unique pizzas up one of them was a bbq chicken pizza, the one at sammy's was even better than I could make at home, my only complaint would be the pizzas are a little small, but the quality more than makes up for it.I need to get back to Sammy's again, there is a Messy Sundae with my name on it!!!
3	I finally tried out this chain last night.  We ordered the Crab, Shrimp and Artichoke Dip and also the Sun-Dried Tomato pizza.  Both were very good, but as far as pizza goes, it wasn't absolutely amazing i.e. I've had better.  I do like that they aren't too pricey.  I have no objection to a return visit.
2	I've eaten at the Sahara location and been satisfied with Sammy's before.  This being my first visit to this location I expected around the same enjoyment.  Let me start by saying the service and the restaurant were both excellent.  Clean restaurant that wasn't cluttered and had a great overall ambiance.The menu had several choices and for a woodfire pizza place certain items seemed out of place.  A lot of seafood and greek style apps.  "Tapas" had a spot on the menu and consisted of things like Artichoke dip and Edamame??? Ok, not Firefly tapas for sure but still small plates... I guess.  The woodfire pizza that stuck out to me was the prosciutto.  At Settebello its my favorite so I figured I would compare.No comparison needed, Settebello's prosciutto kills what I just ate.  The pizza wasn't terrible but it wasn't great in the same sense.  Little chunks of prosciutto and an over abundance of artichoke and green onion to mask the flavor of the prosciutto.  Also, if you look and the photo I uploaded you can tell there are way too many green onions on a couple of pieces than others.For those movie fans out there, you all know from Casino with De Niro and Pesci "you need an equal amount of blueberries in each muffin" hahaha.  Overall, just didn't stick out as a place I would ever return to for pizza and its in the freakin name of the restaurant.... come on!!!
3	I've eaten here many times since it opened up a couple years ago. When we want to eat out and can't decide where to go we usually end up coming here since it has decent food, a diverse menu and is kid-friendly. Here's a rundown of some of the things I've tried:- Mini duck tacos: good- Hummus: good, but nothing special- Thin crust pizzas: I love the Dorthea Sundried tomato pizza, it's probably one of my favorite items; Brie cheese pizza is also very good. Pass on the kobe beef pizza... blah- Woodfired pizzas: most are solid choices, but not spectacular. The ones I would get again are the Hawaiian, the Thai chicken, garlic chicken, BBQ chicken, or goat cheese.- Fettuccine alfredo: ehh... pass- kobe beef burger: not worth it, if you want a burger go someplace else- grilled shrimp salad: tastes great, the larger order is big enough for 2 people- risotto: no longer on the menu, which is a good thing because I didn't like itSo, if you come here get a pizza or a salad. Those are your best bets. If you have kids they'll probably find something on the menu that they'll like. The service is usually good, although during peak dining hours expect a wait to get your food.
3	Was in the mood for some light fare since my Vegas trip mostly consisted of an all-you-can-eat smorgasbord.  This place was close by to the cuzzo's, and I had eaten here before.  We seemed to be in a goat cheese state of mind because we ordered the beet salad (with goat cheese), a small grilled shrimp salad with feta, and a goat cheese pizza with sauteed mushrooms.They were all tasty and the portions were decent.  Not amazing fare, but satisfying.  Service was friendly although a bit too slow considering that it wasn't during a peak hour.
4	Treated to a nice dinner by a friend. We had wine, Shrimp Salad and Duck Tacos. The Duck Tacos were so good. It had a white creamy sauce with a delicate taste, crunchy cabbage and mini hard shell taco.  The Shrimp Salad was served with balsamic vinaigrette, Gorgonzola cheese and sunflower seeds.  This was my first time at Sammy's ever and next time I will catch the happy hour, which is between 4 to 6pm.
4	I love thin crust pizzas and Sammy's Woodfire does them the way I like it! * Brie Cheese with Truffle Oil Artisan Thin Crust Pizza "From the coast of Brittany, with fresh sauteed wild mushrooms."($11.95) - Yum!  I love the flakiness of the baked crispy French style dough.  I think almost anything would be good on this kind of dough!  The thinner the better! * Diavola Rustic Neapolitan Pizza "Salami, smoked Gouda, fresh mozzarella, roasted red bell peppers, spinach, crushed red chilies, with our homemade sauce." ($10.95) - A pretty looking pizza with thick slices of salami that are hard to miss.  The Husband liked this, but was digging my artisan thin crust even more! It's only our second time ever at a Sammy's Woodfire and we usually stick to the pizzas only despite them offering so much other kinds of foods.Service - Jason was our waiter and what a friendly guy he was.  No complaints at all - personable and enjoyable!Sidenote: They have diaper changing stations in both the women's AND the men's restrooms!  So, I would say they definitely make this place baby friendly!
4	I enjoy Sammy's.  My family & I eat at Sammy's often.  I was meeting a colleague here for lunch and have never been to this particular location.  I think it's one of the newer locations in town.The service was pretty good, our server made sure our iced teas were kept full.Since it was a business lunch, I decided not to pig out and went for the Kobe Cheeseburger Sliders.  Normally, I would get a pizza and some appetizers, but I didn't have my wife, son, and mother to back me up and help me out with the chow....so, sliders it was.They were cooked to my liking and I love how they are topped with Gorgonzola & Cheddar Cheese.....yum!  The only bad thing is that I really didn't want fries and I'm not a fan of Cole Slaw....but there was no substitutes, so I went with the fries....there went the diet!  I asked about a side salad and the server said the only size of side salad they had could feed 2 people!  What the hell?!  I hope they change that somewhere down the road because I can't pig out like that on business lunches.In any case, the lunch was enjoyable.Will I return?  You bet your Sammy's I will!
4	great pizza great duck tacos, wish they were open later
5	One of the best Happy Hours in town. 4-6pm Half off all the Tapas (apps) and their beer and wine. We brought the family in and ordered a bottle of wine, and six tapas and walked out stuffed for under $45.00.
4	TAPAS AND HAPPY HOUR!  lets see... duck tacos and crispy coconut shrimp:  SO good.everything on the tapas menu is good.  down to the kobe beef hummus.  i'm not a big fan of hummus, but their hummus is actually pretty good.  the mac and cheese is perfectly smokey and rich... and the steak skewers are juicy and tender.   these items alone are primo.come with a group of friends during happy hour and try the tapas menu and share... you'll get enough for your buck for sure.ps:  i don't think i've ever had the pizza here... [ha!]  what i do know is that my son doesn't like the cheese pizza because there isn't enough cheese on it.. it's like an artisan cheese pizza with thin ass crust so he wasn't a big fan.
4	Ok I'm kind of a chain snob. That being said, I like this place. The food's ok, but the best thing about this place? Happy Hour!!!Duck tacos and coconut shrimp. Lettuce wraps and kabobs. It's all good and it's all cheap. Ding. Ding. Ding. Everyone's a winner!  Well, maybe not the mixed drink lovers out there. Their happy hour drink menu only includes beer and wine, so keep in mind.Don't forget to sign up online for lots of discounts and specials!
4	The angel hair shrimp pasta was the best dish I have had at this location or at any Sammy's. I decided to visit this location because it is much closer to where I live than the Sahara road spot. Beware of gift cards from Sammy's. Make sure you use the entire amount. They won't allow you to get anything just minutes after realizing the remainder doesn't get returned in a gift card balance.This location was clean and has booths that are a step up from the main floor, which is interesting. The bar area is located very close to the kitchen. That is a cool idea so people can watch chef's cook up the hot dishes. Live action kitchens are always fun in restaurants.
3	A nice place to go for salads - their beet salad is particularly enjoyable. Service can be a little heavy handed and their wine selection is poor.
4	Sammy's is a favorite on my list. It is conveniently located near 215  and Rainbow South. This location does get busy around lunch and dinner peak times, so get there early enough to get a seat. They offer happy hour 4-6 pm on Tapas and drinks, always a plus in my book! We ordered the Parmesan crusted artichokes stuffed with goat cheese.Need I say more? Tasty and full of flavor.For dinner I had the Mahi Mahi fish tacos, with pico de gallo and guacamole with a side of coleslaw. This is always tasty with a good helping of the Mahi Mahi. Our food came quick ,even at a busy time.Our server was very friendly with a personality plus! For your dessert they offer many options , from Ice cream sundae's to cotton candy dusted in cocoa powder to our choice every time... Caramel apple empanadas-yummy! Sammy's is a delight!!
5	Oh my god this place is full of yum. Boyfriend and I came in at 6, barely missing happy hour. They offered to let us order some things off the HH menu anyways which was pretty cool. Since we were waiting for one more person, we decided to pass.We had the house salad which was so good, kalamata olives, red onion, red peppers and romaine lettuce with a balsamic vinaigrette maybe? It was very good with a good bite to it. Next we had two pizzas, the feta manouri on thin crust and the pear&goat cheese on whole wheat crust. Feta manouri was very mild with yummy feta cheese and a little drizzle of honey. It's not really too sweet and has a very good balance of flavors. The pear and goat cheese was AMAZING! Flavors just melt in your mouth. The whole wheat crust is very soft and tasty! We didn't order dessert because we were stuffed. We plan to return for happy hour and maybe some dessert..can't wait!
4	So satisfied with this place everytime I come, Each time I have been sat promptly without a wait, the menu has lots of options , just want to mention two of my favorites the hummus app. and Mahi tacos, yummmy to die for you will not leave unsatisfied! Portions are just right and not too overwhelming. They have a gluten free option,  unfortunately Wish the prices were a bit lower but this will not stop me form coming back.
5	My dad and I had lunch here today.  We were in a huge hurry.  The waitress rushed our order so we could get out on time.  Pizza was still awesome and service was the best!
5	I love Sammy's!!   The service is always fast and friedly, and the food is sooo good!!  There is not 1 thing I ordered from there that I did not like.  And don't forget to get the Messy Sundae for dessert!!  YUMMY!!
1	Went to Sammy's on a Friday around 5 p.m. It wasn't too busy and was seated fairly quickly.  That's about it, no waiter ever came around to greet us, get our drinks or our order.  We waited about 15 minutes watching all the other tables get served except ours.  I will not ever come back to this place again! Poor Service.
5	Great pizza & caesar salad.  Will definitely go back.
3	This chain restaurant which is right in front of a chilli's didn't impressed me one bit. The food is overpriced for what you get. The NY pizza we order was ok and nothing all that special on flavor or quality.The vegetarian salad we order came w a bit to much sauce and it's flavor wasn't balanced and to everything else the salad they sent at first was not even the right one. I couldn't recommend this place to anyone and you would be better served by eating pizza at a PT'S PUB.
4	I come here for their duck tacos! You can get them for half off during happy hour from 4-6pm. I'm completely obsessed with them.  As for the rest of their food, I haven't had anything from them that I wasn't happy with. Pizzas are good! However, sometimes service is kind of...mediocre. But for the food quality and happy hour, I give this place 4 stars.
5	5 Stars for one reason only. The wood fired Mac & Cheese is amazing.  I go to Sammy's for this dish and this dish only.  My only complaint is the size.  I usually need to order 2 dishes to fill me up for a complete meal.  This is a must try for anyone who likes Mac & Cheese.
4	Delicious salads. I love the goat cheese pizza.
3	Soup was good...shrimp salad was good.Price is always more than nearby competitors, but it's a little better suited for business luncheons.I think they're cutting back on the shrimp count in those salads....maybe trying to increase profit margin a little?Always good service and a clean, quality atmosphere.
2	I really wanted to LOVE this place, but it just didn't cut the mustard, twice!My first trip in memory was about a month ago to this location during late lunch.  The place was fairly empty, but the waitress was abrupt and seemed to be in a hurry.  I was in no hurry, as I was dining and catching up with a dear friend.  I felt rushed to order my food and didn't get a great look at the menu.We started with the hummus, which was some of the best hummus I've ever had.  It was light though on the flat bread.  A clear uneven match of pita bread to the large hummus dish.  I would normally requested more, but I was too busy chit-chatting and had plenty of my main dish to eat, anyways.I was torn between a salad and the pizza, and went with the pizza since the place is called wood fired pizza.  I went with the Tuscan and was warned by the waitress that it is topped with arugula.  I normally have no problems with arugula, so I was not deterred.  My friend got one of her known favorites, the chopped chicken salad.Maybe I should have tried her salad instead of the pizza, since she raved about it and it looked delish.  My pizza came out and was a soggy mess.  The arugula was not chopped or cooked really and overtook the pizza.  Probably wouldn't have been so bad if the entire non-edge part of the pizza wasn't soggy.  It was also a semi-strange flavor.  I won't contribute the flavor to not liking that type of veggie pizza because it is the type I order at many other restaurants.  My husband also got the margarita pizza at another Sammy's a different day and it was also a soggy mess.On another trip to another Sammy's I decided to try the salad, since my friend's was so wonderful the previous trip.  This time I went with the Balsamic Grilled Chicken salad, and I was, again, unimpressed.I don't want to say I give up on Sammy's since the menu has soo many other great sounding dishes, but I have thus far been unimpressed.  On my list to try at Sammy's is the Greek salad, the Lobster Bisque, the chopped pepperoni salad, and maybe the grilled shrimp tacos.  I won't be in any hurry to try the pizzas again though.
5	I couldn't think of a reason to rate any less than 5 stars. Service: courteous and prompt. Atmosphere: Busy but not crowded. Food quality: Always impeccable. I highly recommend the tomato basil soup, a glass of the truly delicious house red, and honestly, order the balsamic grilled chicken salad (half order. Full salads are ginormous!). It trumps even the pizzas!
4	The food is great. There are only two negatives 1.this is a very family/kid friendly place and can sometimes be loud 2.there are one or two semi-rude waiters. Otherwise Sammy's is great!!
4	Sammy's is our go-to, close to home, I don't feel like cooking kind of place. Portions are good, food is quality and fresh and the service is great. The restaurant is pretty small, but satisfactory for parties of 2-6. I wouldn't recommend this if you had a large group. Bar area is just "meh" so I wouldn't recommend Sammys if you want to watch sports and hang out at a bar. This is perfect for a lunch with coworkers, dinner with the kids or a causal couples dinner (not a date).Some of our favorites are:Hummus AppetizerThai Chicken SatayChinese Chicken SaladPear & Arugula PizzaSicilian Rustic PizzaMahi TacosThai Chicken SaladPS: for salads ALWAYS order a half order. They are huge.
2	I've been to this Sammy's location a few times now, and every time it's the same mediocre experience.  It takes 10 minutes just to choose something from the monstrous menu, and by the end of the experience, only my hunger is satisfied. I don't know about you, but I usually go to a restaurant for more than just filling my gut.  Let me explain.The Sammy's menu doesn't seem to know what it wants to be.  Yes, their main draw is pizza, and they dedicate an entire page to this noble cause.  But then you flip the page, and they have a bunch of tapas dishes.  Okay... I don't get it, but I'll go along.  Then you flip the next page, and there's full-on entree dishes with no clear theme.  I know that variety is good, but I also expect some cohesion among your menu items.  For me, it just makes the decision process difficult.  Nothing stands out among the random dishes.As for the execution of the food, I've never had a memorable experience here.  I was hungry when I came in, and now I'm not.  Hunger has been quelled, and that's about it.  I've tried the flatbread pizza (bbq chicken, maybe?) and oak roasted chicken with asparagus.  I've tried something else, but I don't remember (and I usually remember what I eat). It's a decent atmosphere for business luncheons, but I wouldn't choose it on my own dime.
5	If you get a chance to visit Sammy's on rainbow make sure that you ask for Casey as your server. He is the only server there that does his job correctly and well. My boyfriend and I go in there all of the time and we always ask for Casey because any time that we have not had him service has been the worst.  I have actually tried moving tables before to get away from the server I had, be aware of an angry looking Asian girl. I wish I could remember her name because she was so bad. Anyways, food is amazing and casey is wonderful. My boyfriend and I have just learned to only go in on his shifts so we are not disappointed.
4	Parking on Saturday night around 7 pm was fair but not great.  Fast seating with no wait.We got appetizers of edimame and pork fried dumplings.Then for main dishes was Thai chicken pizza, garlic shrimp pizza and shrimp angel hair pasta. All dishes looked great and tasted great.Service was ON tonight. So you're good to go.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (11 of 365).The best time to come here: HAPPY HOUR!  All tapas are half off!Must order items:- Duck Tacos!  My ultimate favorite tapas plate here!- Crispy Coconut Shrimp- Mac n' Cheese- DumplingsDessert must try: Mini donuts w/ a side of ice cream. Yum!This is a great place to come in a small group and share the small plates paired with a glass of wine.  Waiters/Waitresses are super nice here, and the ambiance is splendid.  Make sure to be seated at a booth!  Great date place too!
3	Special offer through yelp does not work. Called and they claim an email will be sent, never came in 5 days.  Misleading advertising is not the way to attract new customers. Update, owner msg'd me and made an offer to make it right (i do not plan on going though). Good on Sammys to take care of problems, for that 3 stars.
5	If you get the chance to have Albert wait on you, it will be a pleasure. He was friendly and personable. Knowledgeable about his menu and gave great service. The food is amazing here. We had coconut shrimp, chicken tequila fettuccine, among other things. Management was extremely friendly as well, making sure to touch the tables which is always nice. Aaron, the GM, obviously cares a lot about his restaurant.
5	Can never go wrong with the salads or the pizza.  And some chicken satays to start.  Fantastic!
4	I love the duck! The sundae that overflows like lava! And most of all the pizza...but again I hate the pricing!!!
5	Went to Sammy's yesterday and had Shiloh as our waitress. She was very knowledgable about the menu and extremely friendly. Ask for Shiloh if you get a chance, you will be very pleased with your service. They also have a manager named Angela who is always walking around making sure that her guests walk away satisfied and happy. It's always nice to see a manager who is active on the floor and genuinely concerned about her guests.
4	My favorite thing about this place is the hummus. The pita and hummus are the best part of the menu. Great flavor and pita are always served hot. It leaves you smelling a bit garlicky, so make sure your date has a few bites, too. That way you both smell the same.
1	I heard a lot about this place. I wasn't impressed.  I have for sure had better. For the price it just wasn't that special. I thought my pizza was a bit too greasy. I know the pizza is wood fired but when the whole bottom is black there is a problem. The outer crust looked perfect the the bottom was just not the same. I had just 1 beverage the whole time and never got a refill. I felt the server was too overwhelmed to pay attention to our table. I brought it to the managers attention who simply replied back with "we get busy and it just happens". When it comes to pizza this place doesn't cut it for me.
3	The prosciutto pizza was good nor great. The beet salad was a little over dressed. The shrimp coconut skewers were fantastic. Service was excellent.
4	Seems to be the local place to hang out, the place was packed. Large selection of food, I ordered a Salami and sausage pizza, although it was good its just not as good as the pizza inside the Caesars forum shops. I wish we had got her name but our server was outstanding and was working her but off, I will return here again soon
2	Alright. I am giving this place the benefit of 2 stars when it was a 1.5 star experience. First, our waiter was inattentive--no refills at all, didn't come by to check on us after he delivered our food, and nary a smile in sight. I should have stuck with the pizza or salad--what I had initially wanted until I saw a Tequila-Lime Chicken Fettucine. Always looking for inventive dishes, I made up my mind quickly and ordered that. When it arrived it had zero flavor and was sitting in a puddle of oil--usually meaning the sauce had separated because it was not fresh. I cannot stress enough how much this tasted like nothing: not tequila, not lime, not really even the oil it was bathing in. I was really disappointed.My aunt ordered a Greek salad--slightly more flavorful, but really lacking the true "Greek-ness" I would like in a salad. The winner of the afternoon, and what I should have ordered, was the pizza that my cousin ordered. Just a plain cheese and pretty flavorful, though what is going on with the crust? I dunno, it seemed, again, lacking in flavor. Having never been to Sammy's and not really even knowing it existed until today, I am really not impressed. I found it truly gross and disappointing. I liked the decor--it was clean and didn't seem like it was in a strip mall. But I will not be back to this or any Sammy's.
3	The service was mediocre.   Drinks were not re-filled very quickly at all and I was sucking on ice a lot.   And I can't really speak to the pizza since my entire table ordered salads.My chicken caesar wasn't bad.  I probably would have preferred more caesar dressing, and for the extra $4 or $6 for half chicken (I forget the exact amount), a little better job on that, but overall, it was a good salad.Good for lunch, but it's a little bit on the pricey end for salads (over $10 for just the salad).  It was a huge portion, but then again, it wasn't like some seriously pricey greens.
3	I finally decided to try this place after hearing so many good things about it and I was surprisingly shocked at how much I enjoyed the food. I went here for lunch with my bf and his mother the other day we also had our newborn with us. So when we get seated the waitress basically tells us that there are no accommodations to set up a baby so we had to put her carrier on the booth seat and have us all on top of each other. After looking over the menu we decided to order the bbq chicken pizza and the meatball pizza both were very delicious and filling I also liked the tropical iced tea mmm mmm good. Overall the food was good service was ok, I would have given it 4 stars but i had to take off a star for the fact that they don't accommodate children they don't have the proper seating nor do they have a menu for kids which is important to me seeing that I have 2 kids.
4	Food was delicious, service was great. Nice wine selection.
2	Medicore food at best. I had the Kobe Beef sliders and my hubby had the hawaiian pizza. My sliders tasted lke cheap cafeteria meat but the fries were good. Hubby said he had better pizza at pizza hut. The service was ok. Our waitress was a bit flirty for my taste and the manager who was cleaning tables kep staring at us like we stole something. Not impressed! This military family "Will not return"...!!!
4	Had lunch with some friends.  One thing I noticed about my food choices lately is that I tend to eat something from a restaurant that they do not specialize in.  I recently gone to seafood restaurants and got a steak.  Cheeseburger joints and got chicken.  Even a Mexican restaurant and got a hamburger.  And now a pizza place and ended up getting a salmon fillet with their lobster bisque.  I have to say, not too many places can mess up salmon.  This place was no different.  The salmon was made just right, grilled, tasty, and flaky.  The waitress was extra helpful too.  I originally requested for 2 fillets because one is never enough for me.  She told me to just order one and she'll find the largest piece for me.  I guess she knew that I needed at least 8 oz to be satisfied.  I got about 8 oz like she promised.  12 oz would have been perfect though. But beggars can't be choosers.  My group was a bit rowdy for lunch.  I'm glad that there wasn't too many kids around because we went overboard a couple of time.  Our waitress was very helpful and what I liked the most, she never interrupted our conversation.  When it came to the bill, each of us handed separate cards.  Without even asking, the waitress split the bills for us.  I never got our waitress's name, but she was great.  It's not easily dealing with a rowdy group like us.  Tons of eats in this shopping center.  For lunch time, wasn't busy at all.  Next time I come in, I promise to get a pizza.
4	Pizza was good, service prompt
4	Visit Sammy's if you want to relax and unwind after a long day over a glass of wine and great food...Their happy hour offers some if their best appetizers at half price, so get her early! Try their Mediterranean cream cheese appetizer as it is one of the tastiest starters they have.The entrees menu is eclectic and varied, so you will be sure to find something you like at this restaurant. And if you are in the mood try one of their thin-crust pizza! I promise you will be back for more.
2	Meh. We were looking for food out by my grandparent's place in the Vegas outskirts. They wanted Pizza Hut, but the rest of us wanted something "better". Wood-fired pizza sounded like it'd hit the spot.Upon being seated we were presented with our low-contrast menus. The low light--unnecessary for a pizza joint even if it's supposed to be "fancy"--made them almost impossible to read. The options looked good enough: normal "meat" pies, pies with arugula and balsamic, bbq chicken... we got one of each. I got some pot stickers because I had a feeling that "gourmet" meant "small".The potstickers were of the previously-frozen variety (I know, what should I expect from potstickers from a pizza joint) and were tasty, but nothing I couldn't have gotten from Trader Joe's. The pizzas were better than previously-frozen quality, but they were like that guy in the bar trying so hard to be cool but just looked like a dick. The crust was fine but did not have much of a "wood fired" flavor. The toppings were ok, but nothing really wowed us.Our server tried to be friendly, but like everything else at this place seemed a bit awkward and out of place. The ambient noise--a feature of the tile floors and solid walls more than anything actually going on--made it difficult for us to hear each other, further frustrating the situation.I can't believe I'm recommending Chili's, but it *is* across the parking lot from this place and you know what you're getting...
2	Never had bad food or service but that was not the case at this location. Went in today for lunch. Ordered the Spicy Thai Chicken Salad and tea. The server brought us our drinks but not all together. With very little ice, it was the only tea I drank, never asked about a refill. We had to ask for a bread basket, which the flat bread was burnt. I'm surprised it was served to us, I know the guy dishing it out could tell, not sure why he still put it on the plate. My salad came - appeared nice. Unfortunately the chicken was dry and there was no spice. The dressing is like a sour viniagrette, no kick there or really that much flavor.. then after digging into the salad, notice a lot of the lettuce had better days earlier that week. Finally saw the server again, we asked for the bill. Will try it out again, most likely another location.
5	There is not one bad dish on their menu. Go during happy hour and get crazy with their appetizers! Also their salad dressings are fresh and incredibly tasty.
5	Great service. Great food. Their ambiance is on the louder side. Not the best place to take a client for business conversations, but at the same time its a nice casual atmosphere. The food is great. Their salads are huge. Their appetizers are unique and tasty and the pizzas are really good. All fresh. Mostly organic ingredients. I really want to try their cotton candy. Overall, great place for dinner or lunch for casual american food.
5	This is one of my favorite places awesome appetizers. Killer pizzas and huge salads  Have always received great service !! Top notch waiters and management. Parmesan Crusted Artichokes are out of this world !!  and great Kobe sliders ask for both cheeses on it..
5	Mmmmm. On a pretty strict diet...had gluten free crust, vegan cheese, and the vegetarian pizza. Tasted better than any vegetarian pizza I've ever had. But food aside...our waitress, Katie, was amazing!  Personable. Attentive. Knowledgeable. Just a joy! We'll be back...!
5	Happy Easter! Bottomless mimosas!Belated birthday "happiest hour"Home of the "happiest hour" from 3-6pm every day! This includes half priced all tapas (appetizers) & $2 off beer and wine. Their service never lets me down. I always let my server know of my gluten allergy and they ensure proper food handling. They offer enough tapas to please just about everyone; from garlic cheesy bread to crispy tofu, and duck tacos. There are about half a dozen options that are gluten free (or can be modified to be gf) and also vegan tapas. Pizza crusts range from gluten-free, whole wheat, thin artisan, or traditional. The salads are ginormous!! And again, many salads (with dressing) is gf. Water, bread and butter are served upon request. They bring water out in a recycled glass water bottle with a rubberized pop top. Looks really classy and they take the time fill those bottles with their filtered water, just goes to show how much they care about presentation and service.Now for my order:~Baba Ghanoush- AMAZING! Well, that is if you're a garlic fan. For those of you who are not used to that heavy pungent flavor, start with a small scoop! It is very good and you can (literally) taste the antioxidants working! I get this gf so they serve it with bibb lettuce or gf bread (which is the gf pizza crust).~Edamame- served warm with toasted sesame seeds. That is what it is. This tapa costs $6, so I would recommend getting during HH when it's half off.~Hummus- also delicious and garlicky but not nearly as strong as the baba ghanoush. Again, gf style served with bibb lettuce or gf bread. Regular way is with flat bread.~Oak Roasted Asparagus- Another brilliant tapa! They serve with shaved romano cheese, evoo, balsamic vinegar & prosciutto, but I leave that off. Roasted asparagus and balsamic is bomb! And the spears were nice and fat, very "meaty".~Mini duck tacos- I was told was awesome. The plate had looked like he licked it clean within 10 minutes of receiving the dish! Six mini hard tacos are served with cabbage, tomato, feta, and a cilantro sauce with fresh cilantro.~Red Quinoa salad- Another fabulous dish! Served as a huge mound that could be eaten as a meal on its own with leftovers to take home, that;s how big it is. The red quinoa is mixed with wild arugula, golden beets, tomatoes, avocado, red onion, parsley, mint, scallions, chopped almonds, and dressed with a citrus vinaigrette. It was so fresh and clean tasting, just a breath of fresh air. Very good and it was hard for me to stop eating. There was a serving leftover that I took home and ate for lunch the next day and it held up just fine. ~Garlic Shrimp Pizza- First of all, I have not tried a pizza at Sammy's that I disliked. This pizza was served with garlic sauce rather than a tomato based one, sauteed mushrooms, bell peppers & red onion and of course I ordered mine on a gluten free crust. My only gripe would be that the shrimp were scant and the ingredients were strewn about the pizza. ~Messy Sundae- This is their trademark dessert and literally is messy. They dip a large wine glass into hot fudge, filled half with vanilla ice cream and half with whipped cream. Also topped with caramel sauce and chopped walnuts and of course a maraschino cherry to complete the sundae look. It tasted as good as it looked! HELLO! Worth the extra calories, but it's big so can be shared between 2-4 people. Also, gluten free.Their service is nothing but exceptional and the wait staff are helpful and genuine. I recommend going during HH so you get some sort of deal. If you sign up for their pizza club, they email you a certificate for a few pizza on your next visit. They also have weekly specials where there is something different on each day. For example, on Sunday's they "Supper Sunday's" where you get a tapa, a salad, and a pizza for $25, that's a great deal!!! I believe that special is good all day and not just for supper.
3	First time I've eaten at Sammy's.  I ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese appetizer, my BF ordered the Duck Tacos.  We split a  10" Pizza and a Messy Sundae.The food was good.  But for the money I think the portions were way too small.  The server was pleasant.The bill came, and it was wrong.  We went on a Tuesday and they were offering half off a second appetizer which was charged at full price.  I'd recommend checking your ticket before handing over your money.Overall, it was a pleasant experience, but for the $60 I spent I think I would probably choose another place to eat.
4	DELISH!!  my husband and i sat on the patio and enjoyed the beautiful weather; along with a bottle of half-priced wine wednesday merlot (14 hands).  our caesar salad was spicy and delicious, lobster mac n cheese was cheesy and flavorful and the new york pizza left me wanting more!  no seriously, on the way home i told my husband we should've taken one to go!  our server James was friendly and attentive.  all in all a great first time experience, we will be back!
4	Really excited about the refreshed menu.  Hadn't been there in a while, but dropped in for lunch and to my delight discovered some new Vegan salads!  Love the Quinoa and  Avocado salad.  yum!
3	Wasn't happy with my dinner date at Sammy's.. My date and I were heading over for dinner when my date decided we had to go eat pizza at this place. I was ok whatever. I was really in the mood to eat at chili's. So we went in and I wanted to sit out side and my date wanted to eat inside. The host heard us arguing and my date mentioned that I didn't want to eat here and wanted to go to chili's. Anyways the host had to mention that chili's uses microwave to heat up food. At this point I was over this conversation. We sat outside when the waitress came over to get our drinks and the first thing out of her mouth was "who is the one who doesn't want to eat here?" How rude is that to ask a guest??? That really pissed me off. So I tried to calm down and ask the waitress how do they do their Babaganush? then she started arguing with me how they do it and they don't use mayo in the Babaganush. I am middle eastern and I know how its supposed to be done. So I ordered the hummus to be safe. The Hummus wasn't fresh nor home made. It tasted like it came from a container added with some oil, parsley and paprika for $9. Plus I ordered Blue Moon which you can get twice the size of that at chili's for half the price. Sorry but I wont not recommend this place to a friend.
3	I definitely think the pizza is flavorful and portions are adequate, however every time I've gone to this location the waiter/waitress has messed up some part of my order. They are personable and nice, but that doesn't compensate for the fact they have never gotten a simple order correct. The service time is poor and the Resteraunt is noisy. But I would go back because of sheer flavor!
5	Duck tacos, shrimp artichoke dip,shrimp and grits,salads,brie cheese truffle oil pizza, kobe beef mini cheese burgers, guys the list goes on... for their desserts  their messy chocolate sundae. Always one of our favs period
4	I've been here probably 30 times since they opened. Overall this is a great place and fairly consistent.  The pizzas are very good and the salads kick much salad ass! Beer and wine only with decent happy hour that goes until 6 PM.Service is generally good, have had a few times where service was spotty, but overall good.  There menu changed (I think all Sammy's did) and very happy they have the "old menu" back. Will be back. My kids love it too.  Sign up for their email list, they send good specials.
4	Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and grill was great! The staff was nice, and the food was greatly cooked.
5	I wanted pizza but the bf isn't keen on unhealthy foods (food nazi!! Haha!) so we agreed to meet halfway at Sammy's. We were seated right away, drink orders taken and delivered promptly, everything was turning out great! We ordered our meals, I got a custom 5 cheese and pep pizza, bf got his huge Greek salad (which I shared) and decided even to get his own margherita pizza. Then I got a beer. Lol. Food was fantastic, service was impeccable. Our server Alan was ON IT! I never had to wonder where the server was, if he forgot about us, or if he just plain didn't care. He DID care and it was very present in every way. Good job Sammy's for hiring such a great guy!! Overall atmosphere and vibe was relaxed and warm... Pleasant would be the perfect way to describe a fantastic end to my fantastic weekend. We will be back. :) Great job Sammy's!!
5	This place is great. Never had something here that I didn't like. I definitely recommend the Duck Tacos. Wow!I've been here at least a dozen times and the service has always been great!
5	Sammy's is MY PLACE. Always get the duck tacos. I have strayed from their AMAZING pizzas as of late because their salads ROCK! Plus, you can NEVER go wrong with their white whine special of the day. Always crisp, tasty and refreshing.
5	Great service...had a birthday party and they were very accommodating! Happy hour 3 - 6pm. Food is excellent...order duck tacos tapas!
2	If your going to have pizza in your name, do it right. For that price on a personal pizza it's not worth it. Staff is nice and clean environment, but we won't return.
4	Was extremely surprised when I walked into Sammy's for the first time and found out that they are not just a straight Italian place. I was pleasantly surprised and loved the menu options. We ordered the burrata and pesto pizza (I love, love, love burrata) and the Mediterranean Sampler appetizer with hummus, Baba ghanoush and a cheese spread. Food was fantastic... loved every bite of both dishes. Service was on point as well. Bit pricey but really good quality food so can't complain too much. Looking forward to going back and trying some more items.... they should just put burrata on everything :)
4	My friend & I stopped in for lunch before an afternoon of shopping. We were headed to the Chilis next door but the tapas sign out front caught our eye. More than just pizza!? Score. Tapas!? Double score! Since neither of us had ever been to a Sammy's & tapas were sounding good at the moment, we decided to check it out. We ordered the Thai chicken pizza, the Lebni cheese tapa & the parm crusted artichokes. 1st, I must give major love & all props to the Parmesan crusted artichokes. Not exactly what I was expecting, since I didn't see the words Deep Fried Artichoke Heart anywhere in the description but eh, I'm not complaining. These made me want to slap my mama. So f'ing good. I'm currently craving them right now & trying to figure out how to convince my hubby to go pick some up. Lebni cheese- not my thing. Not bad, not good, just not up my alley, ya feel me? My friend loved it. Thai chicken pizza- not as thin crust as the waitress led us to believe it would be. It was just ok. I personally like Thai flavors on my pizza, even peanut sauce, my friend not so much, says she prefers that kinda thing cold. The service was just so-so. I asked for water with lemon. Then I had to ask 3 more times for the lemon. I should be used to this by now bc this always happens to me at every restaurant even though I always ask for "water with lemon please" when they ask what I want to drink. I think I need to just start bringing my own lemon with me everywhere. Then we also asked what spices were in the Lebni cheese appetizer & she said she really didn't know but would find out. I still don't know what the spices were. I don't think I'll ever be back for the pizza unless it's to try one of their supposedly thinner crusted  "artisan pizzas" but those artichoke hearts are going to be a hard habit to break!
5	Pizza is great and the service is excellent at this location. Every time we go here, I'm impressed by their friendliness and attentiveness. Better than the service you get at most restaurants on the Strip for a fraction of the cost.
3	The pizza crust had a bunch of, what I assumed was, cornmeal on the bottom. It really detracted from what could have been a decent pizza. There's steep competition in LV, as far as pizza goes. Sammy's needs to re-evaluate their pizza, if they want to compete with places like Grimaldis and California Pizza Kitchen. On a more positive note, the service was impeccable.
4	My mom and I had dinner here recently.  The place was very busy but the staff seemed to be handling it well.  We got seated right away and our waiter took our orders right away.  He then brought our drinks shortly afterwards. We both started with the lobster bisque.  The soup was very tasty, good chunks of lobster too.  For our entrees, I had the brie & truffle oil thin crust pizza with mushrooms.  It was delicious.  It was super thin crust so I could eat the whole thing and not be too stuffed.  The brie and truffle oil were not overpowering at all My mom had a thin crust pepperoni.  She really enjoyed it.  I had the leftovers the next day and they were tasty.  Definitely a good local pizzeria that we will go back to often.
5	This is a place I will be going back to often.  I'm vegan and there's plenty tasty vegan dishes on the menu and there's pizza for the kids!  They even have the option for whole grain doe and that was exciting.  The service was amazing and that is so important to us.  The waitress was soo sweet and knew what we wanted before we even asked.  Love this place!
4	Visited Sammy's for lunch.  We had the lobster bisque soup & the Goat cheese pizza. Both were excellent! The pizza was made with with fresh goat cheese, spinach, mozzarella cheese, red onion & garlic.  The crust was delicious and buttery.  Definitely will be returning to Sammy's soon!
1	Came here in hopes for a good dinner when I saw the average rating was 4 stars.Ordered the hummus (too oily), balsamic chicken salad (drowning in dressing luckily chicken was savable), coconut shrimp (decent can't really mess up anything fried), fish tacos (blah, not worth ordering).Although my dinner date believes this review deserves 3 stars, I defer not. He needs to get a yelp account and stop back seat yelping lol.customer service needs to tighten up... it wasn't even busy. Not for me.Waste of money.
4	Ok, here's some straight up truth. I googled to find the best wood fired pizza in Vegas and was led here. Was it good, yes...was it the best in Vegas? I hope not. The toppings were good, the crust...hmmm...I prefer a lighter airy crispy crust. But everyone's different. The tapas were good, the service was ok. I would have given them a 3 star but now we come to the MESSY SUNDAE! That earned the 4th star! Save room n share!
1	FIRST TIME PATRONS I was excited to dine here.  Right from the start I was impressed with the waitstaff!  We were seated right away and our server arrived promptly.  I noticed the advertisement for "The Happiest Hour" Daily 3-6 $2.00 off All beer and wine.  So I order a glass of wine.  The pizza we ordered was delicious, we had the Margherita and Garlic pizza .  We also ordered the cotton candy dessert to go.  When the check arrived it had $12.00 for the glass of wine.  When I inquired about it, our server said, "Oh I'm sorry I forgot to deduct $2.00 off".  COMPLETELY STUNNED I said "$10.00 for a glass of wine is not a "happy hour" price and if that's the case  then cancel the cotton candy."  Her response was quick and said she would comp the dessert. We walked out the door with a plastic shopping bag stuffed with Cotten candy and a check totaling $45.00 for 2 pizzas and a glass of wine.  Pathetic to say the least.  ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS AND WILL NOT BE RETURNING.
5	I ha email been here numerous times,  everything I or anyone I have come here with has been great.   Quality,  price and the wait staff of great.   Really an all around top restaurant.   Our waiter today was Casey,  he is a true professional,  he is so easy and very prompt without it feeling rushed or pressured.  Love this place.
5	The place is bomb. I was really happy with this place. Clean. !!Our server Danny was nice. I highly recommend this place and will be back for sure.
5	We came to this location for the first time last night.  We usually go to the one on Sahara since it's open late.Great food and great service from our server Derek.  My friend and I ordered a glass of wine each.  Our server made some good recommendations.  The only thing we wish we would have known beforehand is that on Wednesdays wine bottles are half off.  There was a little flyer on our table, but it would have been nice if it were also mentioned.  My boyfriend and I ordered duck tacos (amazing!!), a mozzarella & sundried tomato pizza, and the kobe beef sliders. All delicious!My friend and her boyfriend ordered a caesar salad, garlic cheese bread, and a pepperoni pizza.  Again all good.  I liked the salad but everyone else thought that it was a bit strange.  Maybe it was the dressing.We had a good time and it's always nice to have a personable server.2 glasses of wine, 3 sangrias, 3 beers, 2 appetizers, 1 salad, 2 pizzas, and 1 order of sliders came out to $130.  It adds up quick but it was worth it.  We will be back!
5	Happy hour mini duck tacos amazingMy new favorite.  Give them a try. Outside patio on a sunny afternoon.  The happy hour beer and wine specials.
5	The fries are really good. The pizza and pastas are pretty good. Service is friendly. Bathrooms are as clean as can be. Definitely want to come here again.
5	This Place is most excellent.  It has:a) Great atmosphere: cozy and comfortable, friendly waiters, interesting layout and decor.b) Great Food:  The pizzas had crispy and tasty crust (perfectly cooked), the cheese and sauce were the perfect amount of taste (not overwhelming the pizza), the toppings where fresh and plentiful.c) Not much waiting: Greeted and Seated right away.  Ordered withing five minutes of sitting.  Carafe of water at table is a plus.  Took about eight minutes to receive pizza.d) Desert:  Monday is "Messy Sunday" Day.  Free "Messy Sunday" with an order over $30.  Here is the kicker.  The bill didn't quite make it to $30 but the waitress gave us one anyway.  It says a lot that they are willing to go the extra mile for their customers.Definitely Try this place at least once.  Each pizza is a personal size.  I'd like to come back and try them all.
5	Cute, comfortable, friendly, cozy.  Great outdoor dining.  Salmon is wonderful here.
4	Duck tacos! Their pizza is horrendous, don't even think of getting it. Duck tacos! Grilled asparagus! Cotton candy! Oh, and duck tacos!
4	Came here with my man to check out their HH since we were hungry but didn't quite know what we wanted to eat so what better than a whole bunch of different apps/tapas to satisfy our cravings??? -Duck Tacos: my boyfriend hates duck but he liked these... Probably because there was really no duck taste to them but they did taste good.. Crunchy with lettuce, tomatoes, creme fraiche and cheese.-Crispy Tofu: light crust comes with a delicious ginger dipping sauce.-Mediterranean Plate? With hummus and baba ganoush.. I didn't have any but it looked nice-Chicken Lettuce Cups: love the butter lettuce that comes with but the chicken filling was too salty -Chicken Satay: not bad, not great-Truffle Fries: definite truffle taste to it... Yum! Service was great from server to the food runner! They even brought out a couple different dipping sauces when we just asked for ketchup! HH prices range from $3-$7 .. Great deal! HOT TIP: DAILY happy hour 3-6!!! Including $2 off all wine and beer~
4	So I have now stopped in here twice. Once on a Monday for lunch with girlfriend. We ordered the chop salad and the pizza with goat cheese to share. Sat on the patio and even though we sat on the patio by the street the server was still pleasant and polite. The reason is we were the only ones sitting on that side so she had to walk to get to us and never did I feel like we were bothering her. Second visit this last Friday afternoon around 4pm where I was seated inside. I find people on their phones during ordering to be rude with that said I was on my phone with my girlfriend in Ohio as I am her maid of honor in her upcoming wedding and phone calls are the only way we can go over plans. I apologized to the waiter who was very nice and even though I was on phone for 85% of my late lunch he never had an attitude with me and I never felt ignored. Kudos to him for that . I did have the chop salad again and it was just as good as before. This may become my new place for a quick lunch and a pretty good happy hour.
5	Sammy's is always great! The staff here were really accommodating and worked fast on a busy Saturday night! They have so many healthy options, I would recommend this place to others.
4	This place is pretty good. I had the chicken with the pesto and pine nuts and I really enjoyed it. It is light, but filling. Chicken is a little bland, but other flavors go great with it. My boyfriend had the Hawaiian style pizza and i'm not a fan of pineapples on my pizza so I didn't try it, but the crust was real good! Will be going back! Great Service. I have to also give acknowledgement to Casey! He's a great server.
4	I wanted to give em 3 stars, but couldn't, the quality is great , service superb, and prices right on spot.  I think I wanted to go less, due to previous experiences with the Sahara location, but this location rocks and I would go again.   Solid lunch stuff. salads and burgers off the hook!
5	Had a vegetarian pizza and watermelon mint drink. Both were delicious. Service was also excellent. It was a very clean place. I will absolutely go back to eat.
2	I was not impressed by this place...perhaps because pizza to me is pizza. Bread and sauce and toppings, it's the same to me. I guess I've been trying to look for a pizza that will blow me away. Apparently this place did not hit the spot. Just another plain jane in all the pizza I've had.The waiter seemed quite aloof. I asked for bread and then 10 minutes passed and I had to ask again. Same to refilling the waters.Pizza was pretty bland and not all impressed.
4	Pretty much tried what everyone in my family ordered and I can honestly say that everything is very well seasoned. I had the roasted chicken with the asparagus, potatoes and tomatoes. Very filling portions. The tequila lime chicken with the green fettuccine is also very good. Can't wait to try everything on the menu. Will definitely be coming back to this location.
2	Stopped by mid afternoon on Sunday and ordered salad and cocktail. Food is good and enough to take home.  Only issue is male server kept calling me sweetie or sweet heart.  Which I noticed he did to all female guests.
4	Service was excellent. Our server was very  knowledgable about the menu items and helpful with our decisions. The wait was a bit long, but that's unavoidable sometimes. We were happy to wait and glad we did. The hummus appetizer is delicious. I will definitely be back!!
4	I definitely recommend this place for an afternoon or early evening happy hour affair. They serve half priced flavorful tapas and $2 off beer and wine from 3pm-6pm. You can definitely fill up on food and drink for a very reasonable price if you take advantage of the happy hour!  I highly recommend their duck tacos and Japanese chicken meatballs...very tasty! They also offer a delicious gluten-free pizza with a variety of toppings to choose from if you so desire. The service is always good but occasionally it can be slow if they're busy.  Other than that, there's no other complaints that I think of???
3	I've never actually eaten in here; usually when we do Sammy's, we get take out and eat at home. The first time, I waited at the bar and had a pleasant Heineken and wait. We've been here a few time for what we like to think of as Fancy Pizza. We've tried the Arugula and Pear and the Prosciutto pizza, and they were both decent.We ate it, we were happy, and it was tasty.It's nothing to write home about, nothing that made us say "slap my momma, that's a good pizza pie!", but there's also nothing so wrong with it we felt bad going back. Yelp's "A-OK" seems to pretty thoroughly sum up my feelings for this place.Pros: - Decent "Fancy pizza", nothing to sing epics about, but nothing wrong with it, either. - Easy Parking, short waits- Friendly bartender- Simple takeout.Cons:- Food is just "meh" sometimes- Golf Country Club vibe.
4	The staff was amazing,  I couldn't have been happier with the service.  Our waiter gave us good tips about the menu, he  suggested the duck tacos, and they were surprisingly delicious. I look forward to going there again.
5	I am here all the time!!! Seriously it's kindof bad how much I eat here and don't cook lol I have ordered in and came in and sat down and I have never had a bad experience not to mention the food is amazing plus my family is full of picky eaters We are a large family full of meat eaters, vegetarians, vegans and even raw foodist and we can all eat here and all love it!! The fact that I eat here atleast 4 times a month (it's probably more but let's just say 4 to make me feel better) :) and I have never had a bad experience and the food is always great says something. Pretty much I love it here :)
5	At first when my boyfriend took me here I was not impressed to be going to a pizza joint by a Walmart. Much to my surprise the menu was artisan and the decor was bistro. I guess I was envisioning a Pizza Hut.  The food was great and so was the wait staff. Being a former waitress I critique everything and this girl was on point. I had the organic arugula & pear pizza and it was wonderful. I can't wait to go back so I can try more!
4	First - service was amazing.  The waitress was 'on it' - we were a large group - and the owner (?) manager (?) came over to check on us several times.  I always appreciate that.  We were a bunch of moms with babies/toddlers.  Second- Caesar salad was FRESH.   Nothing better then a nice crisp salad on a hot summer day.   Would have paired perfect with sparkling wine/champagne.  But I was driving w/ baby... Third- Personal pizza size is HUGE and can easily feed 2 folks.   Pizza was good but not great; I do not understand this fascination with adding so much sugar to pizza.  Is this America now?  Are we so addicted to sugar we add it in excessive amounts to our pizzas?  Finally - the Donut desert was super delish.   I will go back.
4	Can't go wrong at Sammy's. The salads are really good. My favorite is the Grilled Shrimp. The Chinese Chicken and Thai Chicken are both really good too.
5	I absolutely love this place. My man and I come here so often they know us by first name. I love the service, the ambiance, the food and the servers are kind people. Today we came in for a post Mother's Day celebration, our server Casey always sees us there but we had the honor of having him serve us. He is a very sweet guy UPDATE: so we basically go as often as possible however with this new addition my wine drinking has come to a sudden hault! We had to come back to enjoy the amazing tapas and see our other favorite server Albert! Items to definitely check out: Mediterranean sampler (we're not baba ghanoush people, so extra lebni cheese); lobster mac&cheese; thai chicken satays. Enjoy your meal!!
3	I had the chicken mahi tacos in lettuce wraps. Amazingly good...I was starving and the waitress messed up the order, but did have me my food within 5-10 min after everyone else. Willing to come back and try it again!!
4	Mini duck tacos are a must when you dine at Sammy's!! For dessert their donuts are sinfully delicious! When I'm with my kids they love to order the cotton candy.
4	Thank you to the upper management of Sammys Woodfired Pizza for contacting me and apologizing for the incident. It has restored my faith in the service of their restaurant. I will return with my family and give them another shot.
5	ALWAYS come here for happy hour & never had a bad experience. Great prices ( 50% off all tapas from 3-6 everyday... Even weekends ) and friendly service.  Hopefully you get Alan or Casey as your server, because they are both on top of things AND they have remembered our usual order from the past ( which is great for local customers ). Highly recommend this restaurant for any occasion. Hope you all have the same experience I've had!
5	My favorite local spot. Originally visited for their great Happy Hour (Everyday from 3-6!) & have been coming ever since. On top of having great prices & food, the service has been amazing every time I've dined. Hopefully you get Alan or Casey - they've always been phenomenal! I have never had a bad experience. Definitely recommend this restaurant for any occasion.
2	They messed up my order, and it took forever for them to bring out my order. Service was super slow (on a Thursday afternoon at like 3 PM...) I ended up having to ask for my food to-go with the receipt. Don't think I'd ever go again.
5	This place surprised my husband and I. We went one night wanting to try something new and had little to no expectations for this place. We ordered the chicken peanut sauce satay and a BBQ pizza with some appetizer fries. Everything was awesome. The staff was super attentive. They have a range of dishes that will fit in to whatever type of food/price you are aiming for. An odd mix of Thai and American that somehow works perfectly for them. I highly recommend giving them a shot, you shouldn't leave disappointed!
5	My wife and I have dined at this location several times before, but we stopped going for a period of time for a wide variety of reasons. We decided to give Sammy's a try a few months ago and it was the best decision that we ever made about going back to a restaurant.We only go to Sammy's when we know Casey is working the floor. He is the best server that we have had at any restaurant that we go to. He knows what we want to drink and how we like them even without saying anything. He always makes sure that everything is up to our standards. He remembers things about us that we talk about and always asks us how our animals are and etc. He was the main reason that we were coming to the restaurant at least once a week for 2 months. The food has improved since we started going back to The menu has a lot of unique options. Everything is fresh and very tasty and freshly prepared. You can tell that the staff really cares about what they are cooking. Here are some of the items that we recommend trying. Duck Tacos - Nice Portion, Full of FlavorCheese Bread - Nice and CheeseyChicken Satay - Sauce is to DIE forSaladsShrimp Casear Salad - Fresh & Full of FlavorGreek Salad - Huge Portion & Full of FlavorEntreesShrimp & Grits - Seasoned perfectly and some of the best grits aroundPasta Bolognese - Sauce is spot on. Better than what I can makeDessertSalted Carmel Pudding - Sweet, Rich and Hits the Spot.
1	Stopped in for a quick lunch. Haven't really liked Sammys in the past other than the Sahara location. Thought I'd give it yet another try.  Shame on me. Even being starving the food had a terrible taste.  The best thing was the gluten free pizza - not the whole pizza as the toppings made it almost inedible, just the crust. Prices are crazy for the quality of food. $5 to add few chicken strips to the salad. Service was not very good either
4	My mom and I had dinner here again recently and I realized I had the same thing as last time.  I had the brie & truffle thin crust pizza with mushrooms.  I did say no truffle oil this time as I have been eating a bland diet recently.  The pizza was delicious.  Lots of flavor.  The crust is a nice thin cracker crust.  Very easy to eat.My mom had the sliders (or small hamburgers as I think they are calling them now).  She really liked them.  Good beef flavor and the added bacon was tasty and crisp.  Her fries were a little overcooked, almost too crisp, but they were tasty.Our waiter was distracted by lots of tables so another waiter brought our food but he was attentive most of the time.  I will be back since its near my mom's house and we like the food.
