5	Three of us girls rolled out late on Sunday morning and enjoyed the practically empty Cheesecake Factory by the Superstition Springs Mall out in East Mesa.  We sat by the bar in cozy wicker chairs and ordered brunch.I had the Energy Breakfast, which was way more food than I could stomach, but very light and healthy (egg whites, tomatoes, chicken breast (2) and English muffins...erp).  My friends ordered French Toast and Eggs Benedict and they were all smiles.Accompanying our meal were Chai Tea Lattes (scrumptious, they liberally added cinnamon) and a Vanilla Honey Latte.  Both came frothed.  (Tip: Don't breathe in when you drink the froth)  Our waiter was handsome, helpful, earnest (we pressed him on if we should splurge and get the Monte Cristo) and even pronounced my last name correctly, which NEVER happens.  (big tip time)  Everyone knows what to expect after going to The Cheesecake Factory, but I think their breakfast, which is available until 2pm, is a great way to start the day....or afternoon.
5	Again I don't like waiting for my food, so when I started going in to this location there was a few seats open at the bar, so my girlfriend and I sat down. The bar staff there was amazing, like more amazing than the regular wait staff there. I am always amazed that they have to memorize the menu, the whole menu and get special long training to be able to work there. I am not sure the bartender's name but he has long hair and is very friendly and definitely a Great Waiter/Bartender, you just don't find many these days. The food is always good, no matter what Cheesecake Factory I have ever been to, but I just wanted to comment on the bar staff and their extraordinary friendly and knowledgeable service they offer.
4	Bothersome trip out to the Williams-Gateway airport brought us here afterwards with family, and I was surprised how quiet it was.  Maybe the recession really did smack east Mesa around pretty badly.  Good service (very attentive), never an empty glass, food was prepared well and tasty, and of course room for dessert.
5	I love this place. The filet is great but the cheesecake is why this place is famous. My wife really does not like the food here but everything I have had is great.  My wife thinks the food is to "rich". I say bring the richness on LOL. Kids love this place too. Be prepared to drop some cash though.
5	What can I really say bad about this place, every time my wife and I go we get great service, great food and great pricing. I always go with there chinese chicken salad. My wife usually gets a chicken dish or the fish which both are amazing. She also gets the chicken sandwhich. I am not a huge cheesecake fan but I can see why everyone loves it so much. This place rocks, never had a bad experience here.
4	I've eaten here way too many times. I still like it once a month now. I have been weaned off my edible crack, however I can and will have that relapse. I suggest the Orange Chicken. Damn good cheesecake!The specials never change. I never order them.I will eat at least 2 baskets of their wheat bread.
4	Starting with the most important factor at the Cheesecake Factory, their cheesecake is amazing. When you're reading the list of choices, some of them sound not-so-appealing, but I went out on a limb and had the Carrot Cake Cheesecake... ah-maze-ing.The service at this location is great; very attentive. Their serving sizes are very big, allowing you to eat half at the restaurant and take the other half home for a yummy lunch the next day at work. The reason that I didn't give it 5 starts is because of the price. It's not a place that I can say I'm in love with because I can't afford to go there more than a every once in awhile.
5	I am giving them 5 stars today (not because of the food - which was very good) but for the excellent service we received.  I was truly amazed and how friendly and helpful they were (even with out stubborn 3 yr old)The food was excellent - 4 star worthy, not 5 star because I have had better pasta.  My wife got a salad that looked great and my kid got the macaroni and cheese (which I snuck a bite of - and it was amazing)Good food, better service = 5 stars in my book.  Keep it up!
4	I came for the cheesecake, which is always good. I had the Adam's Peanut Butter Cup Fudge Ripple. Excellent, but very rich. I ordered a hot chocolate, which in hindsight was maybe too much chocolate (if that's possible). One thing I didn't like was the presentation of the drink - typically you would expect to see hot chocolate in a mug, but this was a glass cup with two straws. To the passerbye it would appear to be chocolate milk. A little weird to me...The service was good and the cheesecake was excellent. $6.50 per slice, but well worth it.
4	The cheesecake is great! I have tried at least 10 of them. I defnitely recommend splitting one slice between 2-4 people! For the price, amount, flavor and calories its a great idea! Last night I tried the lemon raspberry cheesecake! Not too lemony and the raspberry sauce was great!! Always a ton of extra whipped cream!!!I tried the fried avocado rolls last night and they were good. The dipping sauce for them was even better! There were 6 slices per the appetizer. The seared ahi tatini was delicious but very small compared to the rest of their salads and was therefore a little overpriced for the size but the fish and dressing did taste great. My grandparents had the seared salmon with veggies and potatoes. They said that it was amazing! The vegetables had great flavor! The hot chocolate was a very deep chocolate and the whipped cream was good but not quite hot enough! The service was pretty good but if you plan on coming here, avoid the weekends!
1	Second to worst dining experience of all time.Our waitress was a little timid, which is fine, but it we shouldn't have to wait 20 minutes just to order our food.  Our food took 45+ minutes to arrive, and while our friend's steak came out hot, our Hibachi Steak and Potatoes were room temperature.  Sent it back to be warmed, they offered to pay for it, which is great.  Both managers came and said hi and apologized for the slow cook staff, and made sure everything was great. That was the last we saw of them for the next half hour.  We finished our meals, and 10 minutes later, had to flag down a different waitress to go and find our waiter, and to bring us cheesecake menus.  We always get the Dulce de Leche, but they brought us terrimisu or some junk.  I gave it back to the waiter (after walking the restaurant to hunt him down) and said "no thanks, I'll just pass on the cheesecake."  He looked surprised, and later said we didn't have to pay for that cheesecake.  Well I'd sure hope not!Two hours of my life are gone.  I usually like this restaurant, but tonight's service disaster will prevent me from EVER going to this location again, free food or not.
3	This used to be one of my favorites but it seems they have made some changes. The tiramisu which used to be the best I have had outside italy, was all sugar. It even had a strange texture that was sugary. The strawberry lemonade was extremely bitter. They took off the menu the honey vanilla latte. I will have to find new desserts and drinks to try here. The food was great as usual. Just very dissappointed in the dessert.
5	I have never a review for any Cheesecake, and I realize that I need to write one, even though probably.  I have actually been to this particular location twice for work group events.  I have to say there were impeccable and gave 100% without errors.  Now to the food....Man everything is good here!  I honestly have never had a bad dish or dessert item here.  Even their brown wheat bread tastes superb.  If you are watching calories, then check out another restaurant, lol.
4	Very, very good food and plenty of if.
4	The times I've been here I've come for birthday parties and group dinners but really, it's a much better place for small groups. It gets really busy and loud. You might have to wait a little for dinner.The food is good, cheesecake is delicious and service is okay. (With service, sometimes you'll get the most caring, attentive server or at other times someone who only comes to bring food and give you the check. eh. Not that big a deal to me. :)) Most of all I love love love that brown bread in the basket. Oo. :D I get 2nds of that all the time. :) be wary, this place is pricey and isn't always worth what you pay but it's still good!
1	I was very disappointed at their service and food. My family and friends family all went here for Easter lunch and our server was MIA most of the time and the food was dry or burnt. We tried to flag down our server to let her know about the burnt meatloaf but couldn't find her so we told the bus boy and he took the dish back. When finally our server came we had to reminder her of our returned food and she just nonchalantly told us it was taken off our bill because she thought we wouldn't want a new dish... Shouldn't she ask us first?!?! Then she added that the kitchen put the meatloaf and forgot about it. They knew the food was inedible but still brought it out to us?! I was totally disgusted at the servers behavior and the lack of attention and care the kitchen put into what the customers were eating. I would not go back, there are plenty of good restaurants with excellent service. I think the Cheesecake Factory is just a hype with overpriced, mediocre at best, food with bad service. The only friendly staff was the bus boy. Too bad I can't give 0 stars.
5	You will receive UNMATCHED service here - I was so impressed with how empathetic and attentive my server was. I originally ordered a spicy chipotle pasta dish - I should have known not to. It was great mind you, but just too spicy for my genes - couldn't enjoy the food. I ended up asking to exchange it for something else (hated being that guy) but my server was completely understanding and patient. She wished me Happy Bday after our service in the *parking lot* and stayed a little later to make sure my party was satisfied (half way through the dinner she said she had to leave and the server they switched us with was a young girl with attitude, but she ended up staying to make sure we were content once we told her the new server had a firey disposition) Five Stars, Amy - thank you for adding to such a great day! You are one of a kind!
3	This is the third year that I celebrated my birthday at Cheesecake Factory. (twice in Chandler Mall which is a 5 Star service)Our server for the night was JENNA. I believe that as a server you need to pay attention to what you do. She just toss the glass of water and didn't leave any straw. We ordered Vietnamese Eggs Rolls and a Thai Lettuce wraps which is very good. After we finish our food, we were waiting...and waiting for our server to come over. One of the server indeed inform us that she is probably busy in another section so we did not bother. It's just so strange that we didn't see our server at all only at that time that she appeared all of a sudden and ask for our dessert.Told her it was my birthday and I want a pineapple upside down and a pinacolada cheesecake. She came back with a plate marked "Happy Birthday Michael" but it was not the cheesecake for me. It's for my wife. I ordered pineapple upside down! I think our server that night had a bad night. She is not paying much attention and sort of missing most of the time. I think that probably the restaurant is under staff. Too many sections assigned to be covered by this server that's why we can not have an excellent service just like the other branch in Chandler Mall. Management should make sure that every server is give an adequate task and area of responsibility because in the end the whole business is the one's affected. Thank you singing me a happy birthday song that night.
2	It was ok.  We were happy to be able to get into a nice place for Father's Day with no reservation.  The brunch was great for adults.  All of us enjoyed our food but things were lacking for the kids.  They only had 1 item for kids, french toast.  My older son ordered a giant belgium waffle and I was dissappointed that it was only a waffle on a plate.  No butter, whipped cream, garnish...nothing to make it special.  They had no crayons or anything to entertain the kids.  I just figured it would be a bit more kid friendly.  I will go back, but not with kids.
4	The food was delicious.  The service?  My husband wasn't impressed. Since he pays the bill, it counts for something.  Our waiter was friendly.  My husband wanted a salad before his meal.  He did get a dish of ranch dressing, the salad was forgotten and brought with his meal. "They overcooked the salad," was his comment about it.We had to flag the waiter down a couple of times to get what we wanted.  Even the bill took forever to get.  It was a Monday night. There weren't that many customers. Overall, I recommend the restaurant. I know we'll be coming back. My husband didn't have enough room to try the cheesecake.  Odd, since it's one of his favorite desserts.
4	I had a nice experience visiting the Cheesecake Factory for the first time ever.The restaurant itself is beautiful and even though it was crowded I found the atmosphere to be cozy. Everything that I ordered here ended up being excellent from the appetizers to the dessert, so I was pleased about that.It is somewhat expensive, but I think it would be worth going to on special occasions.
2	Went here for a holiday dinner with a large party, and the person who organized the dinner made reservations in advance, and planned out a pre-set menu with limited options to make ordering and food preparation easier.  So, our meals should have been prepared without a hitch, right?  Unfortunately, despite adequate and friendly service, the kitchen was a mess.  They messed up several of our orders, which needed to be taken back and prepared again.  Orders came out at staggered times, with a very long wait in between.  It took forever just to actually get the first meal to our table, with nothing to satiate our hunger but some meager pieces of bread.  When the meals came out, the food itself was your standard Cheesecake Factory food, with big portions (and big calories!) but quite tasty as a result.  We had some lemoncello torte and chocolate coconut cream cheesecake which were both delicious.  I'd say the highlight of the restaurant is naturally their cheesecake, so if you are in this area and are wanting to eat here I'd recommend:  1.  Not going with a large party, or 2. Getting your food to go.
1	You know those people who keep telling you how great a place is and will not leave you alone till you try it? I suggest telling them to back off LOL or at least I should have in this case. Cheese cake that creamy, dreamy, diet ending evil little creation is what this place "claims to do best". WRONG!!!!!!!Over priced ($7 for a slice) and just not good tasting in any way. The crust was soggy and the filling was like a cross between that jello cheese cake stuff and a box cake mix. Weird! They offer several flavors to choose from but I had the Fresh Banana Cream Cheesecake. The banana extract they use reminded me of the syrup from a snow cone. It over powered the whole slice of cheesecake. Also not sure how much sugar they use but it was way to sweet. Bottom line if you are looking for a decent store bought cheesecake try Safeway or Costco. I know they are a chain but this is one of those times were a factory closure would be a good thing!
3	The cheesecake is definitely the best part of this place. The food is average fare, and there are so many things to choose from it's a bit overwhelming. VERY over-priced too. Had to laugh at their new "skinylicious" menu. I mean, it's good they have one, but it still made me giggle. Who goes to Cheesecake Factory to watch their calorie intake?  I had a pomegranate mojito that was wonderful. The steak and salmon combo was also good, but they give you a half-gallon tub of mashed potatoes and three- yes THREE- asparagus spears. What's wrong with that picture?  Our waitress Samantha, however, was awesome! So if you get her you'll have a great time!
4	Great place to eat. Try the blue cheese dressing.
4	This is our first visit ever to The Cheesecake Factory.  We would of never tried it, but we had a gift card.  We decided on lunch on a Saturday.  Our server Amber was very friendly and attentive and we got our drinks right away....we love when that happens.  We ordered the Hawaiian Pizza which was very good, our son order from the kids menu only 3.95, which is a good deal. The food came out fast and it was good!  Now, the bar area is very inviting, roomy and open.  They have a happy hour special Mon-Fri from 4-6pm.  2.50 drafts, but they only had two to choose from.  Decent wine menu and HH special on some wines at 4 bucks.  The only downside to this location is it is very hard to get there.  It is in a weird location at the Superstition Mall.  Other than that we can't wait to go back and try the cheesecake.
4	We love the Cheescake Factoy! I wish it was little cheaper but you do get a lot of food and normally get good service! This time we ordered crab and artichoke dip to start which was great just a little small. Then we got a cheeseburger which was tasty as ever and we got a soup, salad, and sandwich combo. There was soooo much food! The caeser salad was okay, but Ill probably just order the house salad next time. The soup was a lentil soup which wasnt my favorite and the chicken salad sandwich was fantastic! They have a pretty cool bar area!
3	My husband and I ate at the Cheesecake Factory the other day and were pleasantly surprised.  The menu offered a huge selection of food including a separate menu of just calorie conscious meals.  They also had a full bar, which was a nice surprise as well.We were greeted at the door by a gal that ended up being our waitress.  She was great and upon hearing that we'd never been there before, she went through the menu, which is more like a book, and gave us a brief summary of what was available and where to find it.I ordered the Chop Salad off of the low calorie menu and also a low cal mojito.  The mojito was delicious, but also cost $9.50, not sure it was worth that.  The Chop Salad wasn't bad, but not something I'd go back for.  My husband's meal was about the same, average.The seating was nice, waitress was great, menu was huge, and the meal was average. All in all, it's not bad.
4	Went here for National cheesecake day and ate WAY too much cheesecake ! They were extremely busy offering half price cheesecake but the wait was short . I had the Godiva chocolate and OMG amazing ! If you're a choco fan this cakes for you . Very nice staff friendly prompt etc . will be going back soon Good job Cheesecake peeps !
5	We like the extensive menu.  Most of the items are pretty good.  Some of the items we have tried are truly great.  My personal fav is the Spicy Tie Chicken Pasta (or something like that).  The first time I ordered it I thought it was absolutely perfect:  Nice and spicy, pasta done al dente, some crunchy corn strips for texture...sauce is addictive.  Other times I've ordered it seemed less spicy (but still good).Also a plus:  service is always courteous, place is always clean.
5	Cheesecake Factory always exceeds expectations!We have always had attentive, accommodating, and friendly wait staff. Their menu is endless which allows you to always come back and try something new (it is hard though because you always want to order the amazing entree you got last time).Most recently our visit included several dishes. To start we got the Chicken Pot Stickers as an appetizer. The sauce was wonderful, the chicken was flavorful and moist, and I only wish they served 6 pieces instead of 5 so we could have shared them more easily. Among the appetizers we have tried in the past, the Stuffed Mushrooms are a must, Fried Zucchini is great, and the Ahi Tartare is decent (a little small on the portion size). We have also tried the Vietnamese Tacos. The spices and seasonings were perfect, but the bread-to-meat ratio was a little more on the bread side, but the flavor still did not disappoint.Among our entrees, the one that stood out on our most recent visit was the Hibachi Steak. Wow, honestly when we go back it will be hard for me to get anything else. I thought the steak might be whole, but it was chopped and cooked with a hibachi type sauce (sweet and savory). The meat was not dried out, not fatty, and oh-so tasty. The wasabi mashed potatoes were amazing; they weren't too creamy, and the wasabi taste was not overwhelming and complemented everything else nicely. The two pieces of tempura asparagus served on top were cooked to perfection. The tempura batter was light, tasted perfect, and they had a crisp texture and the asparagus was not over or under cooked on the inside. Definitely one of my favorite meals here.I always order a side of plantains when I come here. I first experienced these when I ordered the Jamaican Black Pepper Chicken and Shrimp (which is soooo good with the mango salsa, black beans, and seasonings). Ever since that dish I make sure to get some plantains with our meal.Among the entrees, from what I can remember, we have tried, and loved a couple of the burgers, the Southeast Asian Caramel Chicken, Bang-Bang Chicken and Shrimp, Jamaican Black Pepper Chicken and Shrimp, Pasta Carbonara, Simple Grilled Chicken, a side of Sweet Potato Fries (anything sweet potato is great), and much more.Everything is made fresh, and they can alter the dishes upon request. If you have an allergy or concern with ingredients, just ask! They can do many substitutions and are able to cook the food differently if you require.Oh my the cheesecakes!!! Pumpkin, Peppermint (both are special editions, but probably the best), Adam's Peanut Butter Fudge Ripple, Dulce De Leche Caramel, Kahlua Cocoa Coffee, Pineapple Upside-Down (amazing), Pina Colada, Mango Key Lime, and the new Oreo Dream Extreme (very chocolaty).  I haven't ordered all of these myself, but over the years I have at least tried these (whether it is me or someone I am with who has ordered them), and they are all amazing.Wouldn't recommend to indulge all the time, but for special occasions once or twice a year... go for it!
4	Service and food always great. Dessert fantastic as usual. Prices a little high, they keep going up! Lousianna chicken pasta the best and they have a lunch size that is perfect for lunch and reduced cost.
2	Ok, First let me say I've never been a big fan of "The Cheesecake Factory" been a half a dozen times and the only reason was because my Girlfriend at the time liked it.So yesterday when my friends said let go I wasn't to keen on the idea but I said fine I'll give them one more chance.This time I went for Happy Hour so I only ordered appetizers. Chicken Pot Stickers, Chicken Sliders and the Fried Calamari. So here's what I thought I wasn't Impressed Nor Disappointed. The Pot Stickers had good flavor but were a little salty the Fried Calamari was good could have been cooked a little longer and the Chicken Sliders were good not a lot of flavor thou. If you beem here before you know they have a Great Atmosphere and the Service was good as while.Over all I might go back for Happy Hour but not in any rush. Hope This Helps
1	Cheesecake factory:  First hand walking into the establishment was beautiful, the ambiances was spectacular.  Then it ended from there.  The bar tender had know idea how to mix drinks.... was our first to kick off the experience at this establishment.  So we asked for the second in charge to give it a try.   The drinks were much better.  Then it went down hill from there!   Really!  The service was horrible, just horrible.  After three drinks we were cut off.  Management was very unprofessionally gave our seats away after waiting for 45 min.  All due to the malfunction of the beeper's did come around announcing our name.  I guess paying the bar tab was too slow for them. The server was slow, after asking four times for new silverware, which was dirty.....finally received a clean set.  Food was slow coming out to our table.  When it did arrive it was not hot.  The flavors where sub par.   None of the food delighted my palate whatsoever.  A return trip here will never happen.
5	My boyfriend and I love Cheesecake Factory! We come about 4 times a month. The service is always amazing. Never had a bad experience!Ceasar dressing is my fav, garlic noodles, and cashew chicken!I don't want this to reflect on the stars, however I dislike the mall, and I dislike having to drive in the mall parking lot to go to this location, I deal with it anyway because I love the food and service! :)
4	Dessert and coffee for me, dinner for Rob.  Really busy, but then it is Friday night.  The projected wait is only 10 minutes.  I need to remember a slice of cheesecake to bring home for Mom.  I had the Lemonchello torte and Rob had a Cuban sandwich.  I do like the atmosphere here.  I like the dark lighting in the evening.  They have a new menu and they finally have a lower calorie menu.  I guess after all the bad press on having the highest calorie items on any restaurant menu EVER, they finally got the hint.  I would like to go back and try some of the under 550 menu items.
3	First time eating at a Cheesecake Factory restaurant -- can you believe it??  Met a friend for lunch here.  I was impressed with this location's ambience and spaciousness.  I was also impressed in that they had my scotch  --  18 year old MaCallan single malt!!Service was good and attentive, and they did not chase us out early to turnover our table.I ordered the Americana Cheeseburger, fries, and garden salad.  Everything was good -- nothing outstanding, but good.  I had to eat the burger with a knife and fork.  It was one of those small circumference buns and patties, but thick and big.  So it would have been difficult to put it into my mouth, even my big mouth.One small negative -- prices are high here.  Maybe because of the property's operating costs.  My friend's salad was $12 and my burger was $12 and the side of salad was an additional $3.  Drinks (iced tea) were extra too.  So my lunch was close to $20 -- that is high for lunch.  There are so many places where I can get a big, nice lunch with a drink for under ten bucks.
1	Service accuracy is awful. Side salads are not delivered before your entree.  Our server forgot to put our order in - so our group of 8 was fed one person at a time. We won't be back! No cheesecake can make up for poor server performance! Stay away. If you want Cheesecake Factory, visit another location!
2	If I could, I would rate it as a 2.5 stars.  Last night was my first time going to this location and probably will be my last.  Upon arriving there was a weird fight over the hostess and some other girl in who wanted to seat us... thought that was unusual.  My husband went to the restroom to wash his hands and said neither of the faucets were working.  Those things weren't that bad and I can deal with it, however the low stars because of our server..We ordered our drinks, my husband got his and five minutes later I finally got mine.  Then our server never seemed to come back, someone else gave us our meal and halfway through eating, she comes back saying she will give us some boxes.  I wasn't even done eating and I felt like she was rushing us to get out of there,(it was around 8-9pm) and I didn't even get to order a dessert.
1	Bistro Shrimp Pasta was delicious, but it gave me food poisoning! I called the management and all he said was that he would tell the cooks. I paid over 17.00 for this pasta. I even took home a whole cheesecake. No one but me got sick. Management said it must have been the arugula. So unhappy customer here. Nothing off his back to comp me a slice of cake at a future dinner! Paid over 126.00 for a family dinner too.
2	Been to this location a few times, the one in Scottsdale a few, and being from Chicago area Woodfield and Hancock Center.  The food is always good, HOWEVER, this time one thing wrong after another.  We got there 12:30 to meet a friend for lunch. Being this time of year in the desert it was quite empty. We were seated in a booth by the bar and the bartender took our drink order.  That came correct and timely. After giving our order we were offered bread and we accepted. Bread never came so we asked numerous times and finally told in oven. Nobody in the place! It finally came, not sliced or no cutting board. Our order came, but the large Cobb salad came 10 min. ahead of our ReneSpecial. Our friend sat while we waited for our meal. It came..wrong salad with wrong sandwich. Easy enough we switched, but was told they were out of soup bowls! Our complete meal was eaten and still no soup and we asked numerous times from whomever passed by. Bartender guy never apologized. Finally manager came with the soup in large bowls. Never offered a slice of pie or anything. Would have declined, but would have been a nice gesture. I could kick myself for giving a $8 tip on the $45 bill....2 cents would have been sufficient. Then just grabbed our bill and no thank you for the tip, but that seems to be a universal thing. Very rarely do we get a thanks on sometimes a 20% tip.
4	We have some close friends that we go out to dinner with fairly consistently.  One of our favorites is The cheesecake factory.  It is is a great place to get an early dinner at a reasonable price.   Overall portion size for this restaurant is on the large size, but, if you arrive before 5 and sit in the bar area you can still order the lunch size portion at half the dinner rate and make it to the theatre on time!   Food is always high quality and if you save room you might be able to fit in some cheesecake!  Always love this place.
4	my first visit i must say was an enjoyable experience the front house staff  was friendly we went to sit in the bar but the stools at the high top looked uncomfortable so we decided to sit in the restaurant. we went all small plate selections crab balls very good chicken and mushrooms lettuce  wraps, mini corn dog tasty and sausage and cheese flat bread boring could defiantly have a little more pizazz , and best dish was our cute little gal wait person friendly smiling and a snappy server, i forgot her name damn it
3	Came here for dinner Sunday with a party of 3 adults and one child. Appetizer was OK (Southwest rolls), I had the passionfruit iced tea (which I like very much), hubby had regular iced tea, the rest of our party had coke, and milk (one milk, one chocolate milk).For main course I had jambalaya, the rest of our party ordered chicken chipotle pasta, some BBQ burger and chicken quesadilla from the kids menu.For dessert we had ultimate velvet cake, apple pie chesecake (or something like that), strawberry cheesecake and chocolate ice cream from the kids menu.I can only speak about the jambalaya and I was a little disappointed. I had asked our server if the jambalaya came with spinach pasta and she said yes. Well, it comes with a tiny bit of it, and the rest is regular pasta. I would have liked to know that since I specifically asked about it. Then, I have had jambalaya here other times and I thought this time there seemed to be no sauce at all, the noodles were not very tasty, server offered to bring extra sauce and it was very runny. The only awesome thing is that I had asked for extra vegetables, specifically artichoke, and the artichoke hearts were really good. Portions are very generous (they better be at those prices, hehe) and I had leftovers for an additional meal the next day.The place was a little too dark and we thought it seemed small compared to other locations we have been to.
1	Two cups of coffee and two pieces of cheesecake well over $20. Give me a break! I could have bought a whole cheesecake for less than that. Service was good. Too much whipped cream. Silverware was full of spots from the dishwasher. Next time I will just eat at home.
5	Tagged along with part of the family to this place towards 9 pm on a Friday night. Driving through the parking lot, I see an empty space as close as one can possibly get to the entrance. I do a double take expecting it to be a handicapped spot. Wrong.  I instantly recognize my new found luck, take the spot  and mutter to myself that this already added a star to my review. (Horrible criteria). I know. I quickly walk up to the entrance and attempt to open this 72 foot door for my mother like this castle entrance had no match for her strong growing boy. Long story short, I'm going to blame the automatic hydraulics on the door because it didn't play out in my head as I imagined. It was more of a yank that pulled me in close to the door that may had looked like I caressed the inner panel and humped the outskirts of the door that turned into a side shuffle on the way in.  Rest assured nobody was watching. I continue on and smile at my mother while opening the door and I quietly tell her I opened the door for her because people are watching. (She knows I'm kidding.) We walk inside and I scan around to see if anybody might had seen my extravaganza with the front door. I'm quickly reminded that the world does not revolve around me and nobody cares.  I look over and see my brother already has a pager. He wastes no time. Hostess grabs menus and I follow her down part of the isle only to find my family walking the opposite direction. My brother looks over at me across the way and I give him the "I can't believe we're related" look because they're obviously heading the wrong way. I turn around soon realizing I'm approaching the table with the wrong family and I followed the wrong hostess.I make way to my correct gene pool and sit with them. They're notified I was just getting my surroundings and looking for the bathroom. I pick up the menu and start reading. Servers continue to scurry to their tables around us. I eye every one of them as I am actively involved in the sport of people watching. I notice they are all wearing white. White shirts. White pants. White shoes.  I look over at the walls to check for padding thinking maybe I'm actually in an insane asylum and this is my happy place I have made for myself with a 476 item menu and endless cheesecake. I don't question much further. If the shoe fits, wear it.  Our waitress approaches our table. She's all smiles which turns my ugly mug of 12 hours dealing with society around instantly. We order drinks. I ask for lemonade. She then asks if I would like peach, strawberry or raspberry lemonade. I give her a blank stare. I realize this actually is the happy place I have created for myself and I order strawberry leaning against my padded cell. I then order a chicken ceasar salad with an extra side of ceasar. (Boring I know) but I refused to read the novel of items on the menu and resorted to my brain picking up on what seemed like the first acknowledged words out of a 4 page crossword puzzle.  I continue to look around the place while waiting making awkward eye contact with random people throughout the restaurant. Our food quickly arrives. My ceasar salad engulfs 67% of the table as she sets it down. I use no manners and began eating before she can ask if we need anything else.  Grabbed my glass of strawberry lemonade and continued to make awkward eye contact with strangers.  I finished half way through my ceasar then raised my flag in utter failure.  If you're questioning the service, I think my drink was refilled 13 times past halfway point until I resembled violet from Willy Wonka. I knew the Oompa Loompas would be there shortly to roll me out. I did not like the ceasar dressing whatsoever. It taste of spicy seafood for some odd reason. I am not going to bash on the review because of this as our waitress filled the void and to judge such a restaurant on "my" opinion of the entire restaurant based solely on ceasar dressing would be just shy of moronic and I would deserve to choke on a crouton. Besides, my family loves this place. A slice of strawberry cheesecake landed in front of me after dinner. I vaguely remember discussing it with the waitress as it was late and I was overtired. I think she just came over smiling again and had a desert menu and I mumbled "strawberries" trying to avoid drooling on myself and she filled in the blank. Well she was dead on.  Can I say this in a review? That sh%# was good. "The Cheesecake Factory" weird, i know. Though it took longer than normal for my taste buds and brain to work intuitively together by this hour, I  still thoroughly enjoyed it. We got up to leave once I finished. Oompa's nowhere to be found to assist me in getting through the door never mind opening it this time. (Flaky little bast%#{^)Overall, I enjoyed my experience and I didn't have far to crawl back to my car. I can say i will patronize this place again with a different menu item in mind. Service was great. Thanks again!
5	A rough experience at first being valentines day we were quoted 1:45 minute wait.... 2 hours later we were walking out the door but Scott... Not sure if hes a manager but hes an amazing guy here! We stayed and he gave us free cheesecake. Thank u scott for a great experience after all and we will definitely be back!
5	My meal was amazing and the staff was friendly not as friendly as the one by chandler mall but not the worst either. I had the chicken Bellagio and would recommend it.  My dessert well that's mainly where the 5 stars came from ;-) I wouldn't care if my meal was horrible or the staff was the worst. The dessert was a 10. White chocolate raspberry truffle cheesecake. OMG! I have died and gone to heaven.
5	SO delicious. We've been to Cheesecake Factory many times before, the atmosphere and service is always consistent. The sweet brown bread and sourdough loaf are very good. I always order either the fried mac and cheese (yum!) or the buffalo blasts with bleu cheese (so much flavor! big enough to share)...as for dessert, the chocolate tuxedo cream cheesecake is delicious! A well deserved five stars for food, atmosphere and service!
4	I had a mai tai. It was great.  Jessica was our waitress. She was very nice and helpful. The avocado egg roll was better than BJs!
3	I have been to this restaurant before and the food was good, however on this trip the food left a lot to be desired. I had visitors from out of town that requested to eat here. While we waited for our appetizers we saw the dishes coming from the kitchen and everything looked overbooked. When we received out tex mex rolls they were very different from when we have had them in the past and very bland. Not to mention the dipping sauce was just sour cream, which I know doesn't come with them. When my entree of the beef kabobs came it was entirely burnt. My boyfriend said I had Kingsford charcoal kabobs. I gave them to the manager and a new dish was made. During this visit I was disappointed due to it seemed like a lack of consistency in comparison to my past experiences.
1	We went for lunch. The appetizer was fantastic, but it rapidly went down from there. I had a turkey sandwich and I swear the bread was contractor grade. I mean seriously, if I were building a new house this stuff could be used to construct the foundation. I mentioned it to the waiter 3 (!!!) times and he still didn't offer anything to fix it. I finally had to say "Hey, can't you do anything about this?" His "manager" comp'd me a slice of cheesecake, whoop-dee-doo. The tab was over $100 for myself, wife, and our three kids. That free slice of cheesecake sure helped! Bottom line is, we will NOT be going back even if it's free!
3	I love the cheese cake factory for there cakes. The reason they are getting three stars is they are very over priced there menu is massive and there food is ok. But the price makes you flinch for what you get. Yes they are large portions, but I would rather have good flavored food and smaller portions for the price you pay.
4	The Cheesecake Factory is known for its cheesecake, so you must save room for cheesecake!This is a nicely decorated, very clean establishment with knowledgeable, friendly staff, most of whom have sampled much of the food and can offer recommendations.We split a delicious beet, walnut, apple, arugula and goat cheese salad.  Our split entree was also very good: steak Diane, mashed potatoes and herb crusted salmon.  Had dessert, what else, cheesecake and it made us swoon!  We were totally satisfied with everything.  Order wisely, split courses, but save room for the cheesecake!!
5	My family and I just stopped in for a piece of cheesecake. We were seated right away by a cheerful hostess.  Our server, Jessie was great! Very friendly and helpful. If the rest of the waitstaff is as nice as her, I would recommend this Cheesecake Factory to anyone.
5	We love this place! We get fried mac and cheese and a pieces of Adam's peanut butter cheesecake almost every time. Great shopping around the area also.
3	Being a big fan of chicken wings, I ordered their chicken wings. Nothing impressive, but it was still pretty good. Cashier was not friendly- at all. I ordered the meal and turns out she gave it to me in a to-go box. We did not discuss that choice.  Besides that, the place is clean, in a good area, and has a fancy look.P.s raspberry lemonade was delicious!
2	I heard this is called the Sh*take factory. Thats accurate
5	We didnt have to wait at all. Big menu, was told its new as of 6 months ago. Lots of food to choose from almost too much to choose from.Huge portion, get ready for doggie bag, left overs are the best.At the end shared 30 year celebration cheesecake cause we went to celebrate  our 24 yesrs of marriage .Clean, fast , friendly staff , . Best part while waiting for food to come , you get bread hot warm , it will fill you up Ask gor Jennifer , she was great
4	Enjoyed wonderful Sunday lunch with family. Quick seating and service. Had Steak Medallions they were fantastic. The cheesecake is over the top delicious.
4	I expected this place to be awful because the menu is gigantic, but it was good.  I'm impressed.  If they got to a smaller menu and it was fresher, I'd give 5 stars.Very clean and great service.
2	My daughter and I used to eat here often. There are so many choices, and even though it can be expensive for us, it was so good that it was worth it. For the last several months, however, this location has been getting worse and worse.We often go fairly late. We try to come no later than an hour before closing, because the staff get very prickly, and sometimes very rude. To me, if you're open until ten, you need to be open until ten. If I come in at nine, you shouldn't treat me like I'm a jerk for it. We've had staff give us the silent treatment, and have even had one be pretty rude. We don't get bread about 80% of the time, and I think it may be a passive-aggressive move. Does that sound paranoid? Evs. This place really needs a staff meeting.The service is bad, but the food is the real issue at this location. My daughter always gets the four cheese pasta. The last three times it has been weird. Once she only got half the amount as usual, and the other two times it was super liquidy with barely any pasta. I ordered a well-done hamburger that came out almost raw. That is the only time in my life that I've sent a food back. I always order a hamburger well-done when I'm out, but I am willing to eat it if it's at least above medium. I could not even think about eating that burger. The manager came out and apologized and assured me that it wasn't cooked enough (oh, gee, I'm happy I wasn't making that up...), but she offered no kind of discount. So I just got to wait half an hour longer (not exaggerating) for what had already taken half an hour to get in the first place. There are other issues as well; chicken sandwiches with fatty, gristly filets, salads with iffy to rotten lettuce, reluctance to provide enough ketchup or tartar sauce.This place used to have standards, but now it's not even as clean as it used to be. I'm going to miss you, Cheesecake Factory. Let me know if you ever make things better.
1	First and last time eating here last night.  Both of us had the Fish and Chips. Standard fries, but the fish pieces were too small, over cooked, dry, and I couldn't tell if the breading or the fact that the fry oil was old and burnt.  TERRIBLE FOOD.Server was okWith tip I'm out $47.82. NO MAS
4	Had their godiva chocolate cheesecake. Delicious. Great service as well.
4	Still 4 stars by my book.  Love the ambiance and the I love the food despite it being a chain.  The waitstaff was well trained and were dressed alike with the logo showing, a nice touch.
4	Pretty good! The food wasn't the best I've ever had at a Cheesecake Factory (I prefer the Santa Fe salad to the Chicken Tostada salad I had today). We also go a pizza, a Caesar salad, and some hamburgers. The service, however, was wonderful. We were checked on several times throughout our meal and our drinks never got empty, which is a big deal for me!Also, we got right in at what seemed to be a busy hour. All of our service was prompt and polite!
5	I came to this location and used curb side service. It was easy to order over the phone (even though the hold was longer than 5 mins). I arrived at the mall and didn't know where curb side parking was but found it after asking the staff while calling them to let them know I was there. It didn't take long for my food to come out. My food was hot and exactly what I ordered. I would suggest curbside if you're in a hurry or don't want to deal with the inside experience.
5	Wonderful food, had the Cajun pasta and if was the perfect meal with a little heat! Great service and friendly people! Wish I had room for their amazing cheesecake but the meal was to large to save room for desert!
5	Came in on a great night. We were sat in about 15 minutes. Our server Jeremy was a very skilled server. We were sitting very close to all of his tables which had request after request. The other tables aside he quickly got our drinks and bread. (We were looking to go to a movie but gave up.)We were in a hurry and he got us our appetizer in record time. Jeremy had our entrees out moments after our appetizer was cleared. The food was exceptional and just the right temperature. We had cheesecakes out and check signed forty minutes after we sat. Jeremy apologized for the wait. It was so fast and so attentive. We looked at the time and Jeremy fed us well, with enough time to finish date night with a movie. Great work Jeremy, you made our CF visit the best.
1	One star for service. Walked in tonight to pick up a slice of cheesecake. How hard is it to put a slice in a little container ? Well super hard apparently. Stood in line... Waited and waited. Someone finally came to assist and completely ignored me and started helping people who were in line behind me. I told her all I needed was that small slice in front of her. I must be dead cause I was ignored completely. Who does that? I am honestly so confused on why someone would hire someone so rude and unprofessional
