3	New Lone Butte is a pretty tiny little place. You kinda feel like you're at Wal Mart at times, having to manuever around various oblivious, slow-walking dregs of society just to get where you're going. Though scoring an open machine can be a mighty battle, there were plenty of open $10 poker and blackjack tables. Of course, there was one $5 minimum blackjack table too, with about 48 people trying to get a piece of that. The high roller area was begging for as much action, unless you count all the crickets. Despite the small size, it's a nice joint in terms of quality. It's pretty spic-n-span, which you would hope from a place that's all of three days old, but even with a hearty weekend crowd, the men's room was relatively free of the usually omnipresent random puddles of urine. You might pay several visits to the facilities, as the bar has these giant glass walls with water rolling down, serving as a stark reminder that your bladder isn't all that huge, and $5 cocktails are mighty reasonable. Also, this is probably the world's first casino where non-smokers can effortlessly breathe, quite a feat given that it was jam packed with cigarette-wielding merrymakers. All in all, I'm pretty impressed with the Gila River Indian Community. It's pretty ballsy to open another casino given the current economic climate, but this is a high-quality, punch-packing, reasonably priced addition to the local indian casino scene. Phat.
5	Ok,My favorite slot machine is called "Stampede"AND THEY HAVE LIKE 5 OF THEM!!!!!HOORAY!  HOORAY!Indian casinos DO NOT usually have these, so I save all my pennies for my once a year trip to Vegas which includes eating, trying to find every Stampede game in town, and more eatingAnd now theres a casino 2 miles from my house with STAMPEDE!Sigh.I'll need a 12 step pretty soon.I was suprised how small this place was.  I thought that the different entrance themes were cute.  I thought it was very clean.Nice big parking lot.This casino would have recieved 3 stars, but I give 2 extra stars for my beloved 2cent Stampede slot machines :)
4	The casino is a good size, has beautiful architecture out front and elegant waterfalls inside. Since its so new, the carpeting and walls are still clean. The staff are all very helpful, and especially good with the old folk. I didn't try out any of the gambling, since I was just there to eat. I was amazed at how busy it was on an early Saturday. The place is full of depressing overweight smokers, and unlike Vegas where everyone is in a party mood, the customers here seemed lifeless. We ate at the 24/7 cafe which has your regular fried up comfort food. I was kind of shocked at how unhealthily they were able to prepare every single dish. If butter, lard, or a fried covering could be added to the food, it was. But the prices are cheap and give you the energy to keep throwing your money at the slots for another few hours. I want to come back and try their nice looking steakhouse. This place gets an extra star for being open day and night, which is rare in the East Valley.
4	I realize everyone else is on about how clean the place was, but it really does have a huge impact  on the whole experience. The new carpet smell is blended perfectly with the stank of niccotine, cash, and degenerates. Interestingly enough,though, the class of clientele was seemed a bit higher as well. Playing 21 seems to invite people into your business, but unsolicited advice, crappy mob superstitions and their accompanying body stench are proportionatly less rampant at Lone Butte. The thing I don't get about the $5 tables is why the casino  prefers people wandering around waiting for a seat with their dealers standing idle at the copious $10 and $25 tables instead of lowering the limit on one of those and getting more hands played.All in all, though, very positive experience ( and not just because I won)
2	I am definitely not a fan of this casino.  Yes it is nice to look at from the outside, and yes it is also quite nice to look at from the inside.  It's still fairly new so the old casino stench has yet to set  in.  In comparison to other casinos, this one seems to be entirely too small, but laid out pretty well.  I thought the selection of machines was pretty lame.  I'm a big fan of Keno and Video Poker, but there was a very limited selection of each.  I probably won't go back to this casino.
3	I like any casino where you can double your money in 10 minutes.  Especially in the middle of the day on a Saturday.  The place is a bit weird in the way that it is laid out.  Looks a lot bigger on the outside but they have a wide enough range of games to keep me entertained.  Not the best in the valley but far better than the teepee over on 51st ave.
2	This casino before it was rebuilt was worth going to, but the new Lone Butte is nothing more than a waste of time. The food is not great. The food court ambiance just doesn't work for me. Also, the ventilation is horrible and they do not have a non smoking area. The slot machines are okay, but I like going to the casino for the food, entertainment, and gambling and this casino doesn't provide the first two.
4	This particular review is more about their Karaoke night at the bar inside. I met up with some friends to catch the last few hours of karaoke (Thursdays until 1am). I had never been to this casino- which isn't surprising. I'm not a huge fan of casinos, or gambling in general, really so they're not my first stop for entertainment. This one, however, was surprisingly clean and well kept. Everything looked new, and they even had STAR WARS slot machines. If I had a few bucks cash on me I would have played that in a hot minute.Anyway, the Karaoke they had there was lots of fun. Tons of good singers (and then there was me). The book was huge but there was only one for the whole bar. I will say it was cool that there weren't any song numbers to worry about- you just wrote your name and the song and they guy pulled it right up. Almost made up for not having the book at your table. It took a way a teeny bit of the fun though.The wait was on the long end of average, but not unreasonable. Everyone at our table managed to get our songs in before closing time, but just barely.Other than coming home reeking of cigarettes, I had a really fun time here! I'll be back, as long as I'm coming with a good sized group of people.
3	Very small and smelly. I give props for them for having $5 blackjack table.
4	Dropped by here after spending some time at it's sister property, Wild Horse Pass.  This place is smaller, but it was jam packed!  They had Karaoke going on the night I stopped by and the lounge was full of aspiring singers.  There wasn't very many open slot machines or spots at the tables.....and it was a Thursday night!  I wonder what it's like on the weekends?Parking wasn't too bad and it was easy to get in/out of the place.  I'll definitely be back soon.Return Factor - 88%
4	They got rid of my beloved Stampede slot machines.However, I have since discovered B.A.D. BINGO!!!Love it!~Get there early though... around 10:30pm if you want to get a seat stress-free, cause it gets PACKED!
3	Its ok.No issues and saturday night bingo seems really fun.Bar was fun and seemed like it would be a great place to pick up some ladies even if they may or may not be "professional".  My friend had a birthday party there and it was fun too.Like all AZ casinos it does not have craps so it can never get too high a ranking from me.  I know it is not their fault, but it is just the way I feel!Saturday NIght Bingo would probably be really fun.  A dance party broke out at the casino the night I was there.  Good times..
3	Today we decided to be spontaneous and randomly get on the city bus and just as randomly get off somewhere.  And we ended up at Lone Butte Casino :) This is my first AZ casino so I didn't have high expectations... and Lone Butte was on par with my average expectations.  Slots are really a money suck...not to mention the place is really quite small and crowded! Dirty Martini's were fairly strong and not outrageously priced.  Slots never pay out like they do in Vegas but thats just what you get when there aren't a dozen other casinos to compete with.  The food was actually pretty tasty... which may be attributed to being slightly intoxicated.I may have to edit this review soon because there is B.A.D. BINGO late on Saturday nights.  It looks like a riot and I can't wait to try it out! I am positive my 3 stars will jump to 4... I'll keep you posted :)
4	It was a Sunday night when we were here and this place was packed!! It was nice and clean. We sat up at the bar and got our drinking started!! Not expensive for drinks they had some great beers on draft also. We did a few apps mid way through the night and they hit the spot. We walked around and played some slots and won a little! We really had a lot of fun here!!
3	it is VERY small and the selection of slots is limitedhowever, i dont go there to play slotsI will definitely say this is the place to place bingo on saturday nights!ive been going every week for 2 months. already won once! and its a cheap buy-in with great drink specials!not to mention they give away free money off your next bingo, gps units, ipods, etc ALL NIGHT LONG!ive gotten all my friends hooked as welllast weekened we had 14 people with us!it gets crazy in there!i do agree with everyone else that they need to have more $5 minimum BJ tables, the wait for those is crazy! while they have 5 open tables that have $10 or higher minimums.
3	My friend is addicted to this place, and I like the Cash Spin and the Bingo is fun too.  I've been here a handful of times and I've eaten at the steakhouse, which was decent.This is one of the smaller casinos in AZ, and I think I like it more because it is smaller.  Go check it out if you're a casino go-er, and good luck.
4	Nice casino. Low roller but walked away with $70
3	I like this place better than Wild Horse Pass Casino. It's much smaller and more low key. I think it's an older crowd compared to Wild Horse and much less crowded.
4	If you haven't tried BAD BINGO yet, what are you waiting for??? Total blast!! Only down side is when someone other than you calls out BINGO!!!  DJ's Dance Floor, Laser Lights, and so much more!! Check out Bad Bingo Sat nights @ 11:30pm
5	I left very happy.
4	Wanna have a good time???  Of course you do!!!This casino packs a good punch for its smallish size.  A decent number of tables, and slots with a slightly better then I expected payout.  I also noticed the BAD Bingo ads, and think my next trip back will have to include some games!!!As for the drinks, they were nice and generous!!!  The restaurants looked like they would be worth a taste test too.Although I live way up in the northwest part of the Valley, I certainly be making a return trip soon!!!
4	I must say this is one gorgeous establishment! When you walk into Lone Butte you can literally feel revitalizing energy throughout the building. Instead of being smacked in the face with the smell of disgusting smoke you're able to take the entire atmosphere in (their filtration system is second to none). The Cascade Lounge often has Karaoke where decent vocalist come out to show off their skills. The food court area is relatively cheap, although there is a sit down restaurant that I've been meaning to try. If you sit at the slots long enough, someone will walk around and give you a complimentary soft drink (my dad was a little pissed it wasn't alcohol- but hey this isn't Vegas! lol). Slot Machines are plenteous although on some night it can be hard to get a seat at the Wheel of Fortune. Plenty of tables for cards and on Friday nights they even offer Bingo After Dark for only $10. This is definitely a great place to have fun and for cheap if you don't get sucked into the slots, lol!
4	We go there alot...it's so close. Love to eat at Cafe 24/7! Get my frap and play a while. We go for the food, music and of course gambling. It has B.A.D Bingo Sat and now B.A.D 2 Bingo on Fri. Haven't been yet but I hear it's great! Gets crowded so go early. It's good and smallish. Great to sit at bar and listen to music. There really isn't a designated dance floor but people can, encouraged, by the middle of the bar. I'm not comfortable with it. All in all, great place : )
4	This place was crazy packed on a recent Friday night visit. We never been here but me and my girlfriend both walked away with more money than we came in with from playing Blackjack and I'm sure in everyone's book that equals a good night! I been driving past this place on the 202 since it opened and I figured it was huge based on the gigantic signage along the freeway, but it was a lot smaller than expected. I still like  Wild Horse Pass Casino better but this place is clean, pretty well ventilated to protect it's guests from all the smoking inside and looks pretty awesome at night from the outside and inside. I also learned at this spot that night that drinks at casinos are not always free. What the....  Well I guess every place can't be like Vegas.
4	I don't care what anyone says-Bingo is awesome.And not this sissy Bingo where you stare at a computer screen and watch the numbers light up. The key to a really amazing Bingo experience is to daub.I went to Lone Butte Casino in south Chandler night to try to win some moolah, since they have two Bingo sessions per Friday, including one at 6:30 p.m. Friday night Bingo is packed, and I heard some people get there as early as 4 p.m. to get in line. I arrived around 6:15 p.m. and still managed to get a seat, but I'd recommend getting there at 6 p.m. at the latest, since the lines get huge.At Lone Butte, Bingo lasts until 10 p.m., and you play about 15 games. Packages start at $27, and the bigger packages you buy, the bigger the pay-out. Yes, you can stare at a computer, but it is so much more fun to daub (put ink on tangible Bingo cards.)And don't worry if you've never played before-there are plenty of attendants walking around to help, and the crowd has been super-friendly the past couple times I went.That's another awesome part of Bingo-making friends with the people around you. You might be the youngest person there, but it's still super-fun!
2	too many people packed in a room the size of a small ballroom I've been to many casinos but this one is just really small and not enough games.
3	Lone Butte, I am your worst nightmare. I came a couple weeks ago for BAD bingo, won $400, played the slots using the money you put onto the member card you gave me (which was free), and won another $20. I will probably not be back because there are a million better things I'd rather do my money, but a friend invited me and I thought "Why not?" Bingo was dark and loud and hectic, so if you have difficulties focusing or if your brain processes somewhat slowly, please don't do BAD Bingo. I'm pretty sharp but had trouble keeping up! It's CRAZY, the music is LOUD, and people packed wall to wall in an all out frenzy.Otherwise, this is a very beautiful establishment and I suppose if I'm going to win money, I'm glad it was here. Busy, but fun nonetheless.
4	BAD Bingo was a blast and the place was clean. Not somewhere I would go outside the Bingo room though.
4	Good air flow on the floor. Doesn't feel super smokey like most other casinos in the area. Smaller too and like other casinos, can get crowded on Saturday nights. Played BAD Bingo and had a blast with my family for my 30th birthday - didn't win but still had tons of fun!
4	Stopped in here for Bingo during a recent vacation in the area (first tried my luck at their sister casino, Vee Quiva -- do not recommend this for non-smokers)Nicer and cleaner than Vee Quiva.Ventilation system is great -- doesn't feel as smoky as others in the area (Vee Quiva) Went for BINGO and loved it --- super large room, non-smoking section (although not closed off as we are used to here in California, but sufficient enough).  I think they have 2 sessions each day --went to the evening session and didn't have problems finding a seat even though we were a bit late. Like Vee Quiva, Bingo is cash only -- and you don't earn many points with the players card.  I bought the smallest package an only earned 6 points (in CA, we earn just about 1 point per dollar we spend).4 stars because slots machines were pretty packed by the time Bingo was over. Had to wait for a machine unless I wanted to play dollars, so ended up just leaving.  Food court next to the bingo hall -- Nathans Hot Dog Stand (DELICIOUS and cheap), Quizno's, deli place and pizza.   I used valet here as well so not sure how the parking situation is. Wouldn't hesitate to return again if I am in the area.
3	I was in here for about 30 minutes just to play $20 on the slots. There were plenty of slot machines and variety of games to choose from. There was a good size crowd on a Saturday night but the place is still walkable and I didn't have to wait for any machines. Prepare of course for smokers in your face.
1	Typical Indian casino. Piece of crap with horrible service and extra smoke!!!! Great people watching though.
3	This casino is just okay. I have played bingo here a couple of times which is a pretty good deal and lasts a long while. For around $35 you play around 12 games for 3 hours. Sometimes on the weekends it gets way to packed for my liking and it takes away from the fun. I would recommend going to this casino mid week or early in the day on a weekend if you must. On Friday and Saturday nights the slot machines get so packed that almost every one is taken, no selection of games whatsoever along with cigarette smoke so heavy you can barely breath. I would not recommend playing the slots here for any extended amount of time or money, I have always lost along with all of my friends which is fine, I don't expect to go to a casino to win but just to have a good time. So if you are looking for a little entertainment and a fun time at a local casino, go mid week to avoid crowds, sign up for the free rewards program and don't go there expecting to win.
3	Trying to review this casino and have lived in Las Vegas is really hard to do. So I'll try and give it unbiased review. Anyway here we go So the casino it self is out off of the beaten path but if you live in South Candler its not such a far drive. When you get there you have a plethora of parking spots to choose from. Then once decided on the parking you waddle inside and check out the rest of the casino's attractions. The games inside are what you would expect going to a casino( as far as machine games are concerned).  The table games are where they lacked in my opinion. But if you have a few bucks and your feeling lucky and are in the area might as well give them a shot. They also have food court onsite so you'll never leave hungry.
3	Checked out this casino for some midday NBA playoffs. Did not gamble, but it appears they have all of the necessary games if you go that route. The sports corner part of the casino was good. They had four very large HD TV's in front of the bar and a draft beer of Bud Light was $4 for about 18 oz of beer. They have all the sports packages, so if you want to watch games in a different atmosphere, this would be a good choice.
4	Best B.A.D. bingo! They have the usual lights and music, but they also have some very entertaining staff that conduct games/contests before the bingo starts and they have great drink specials. The only downside is that It's always busy so get there early and be prepared to wait in line.
4	We went for the BAD Bingo and was not disappointed! It was a great way to spend a Saturday night! This was my first time ever playing bingo and I was surprisingly  entertained! Lone Butte had a great DJ, awesome lights, and it was lots of fun! I never had the chance to yell bingo but i still had a ton of fun! Our group did the digital bingo where the game plays itself and you do not have to worry about it, it is the only way I would play! it was extremely crowded when we showed up and we had to wait in line for about 30 minutes, I guess that is to expected when there is lot of people trying to play. I would defiantly go back for bingo well worth it!
5	Want a great casino experience? Get to Lone Butte!I first went to LB in May of 2013. I came to the valley on vacation and despite not being a "big player" I was treated like a king!On my return for vacation in August, staff remembered me. Most by name!Now that I am a resident, I am there 1 or 2 times a week.  When I win, it's usually $400+ on at most a $50 investment.The staff is exceptional. Security greets me cheerfully upon arrival.  Servers are attentive and prompt. Players club reps are quick to help with any issue. Slot techs are always handy if I need some help with a machine. Hosts are always polite and remember the little things (mentioned family in passing once and am occasionally asked how things with them are). The food choices are wonderful. From fast to fine, you can easily satisfy your appetite with any of the several cuisine choices.  Bartenders are amazing and always remember what I prefer to drink and bend over backwards to find suitable replacement if they happen to be out of stock, which is rare.In conclusion.  If you want a casino experience that won't overwhelm you like walking into Caesar`s, yet still have an enjoyable time for not a lot of money (trusting you can control your urge to quit while ahead or only bet what you can afford to lose)Lone Butte Casino is the place to go.
4	I played bingo for the first time there and I liked it a lot better than Fort McDowell and Casino Arizona. You have two chances to win on almost every game. The bad part are the bingo room is smoking and the food court is okay. Hopefully, I can go back at the New Year, and play B.A.D.
1	This place is awful.  A couple of girls in our group decided to go dance on the dance floor by the live band.   They were gone 30 minutes and they had been dropped a date rape drug (GHB).  So sad...but we caught it in time and removed them from the facilities.  We'll NEVER be back.  If you go...hold on to your drink!!!!!
3	I went to BAD BINGO last night. This was the second time I had gone. I brought a friend who was visiting from out of town and told him what a great time I had before. Last time the games were crazy fun the DJ was awesome and they had a guy called the bingo baller. He was a blast... kept the crowd going the whole time. I almost lost my voice from all the cheering. Unfortunately when I went last night it wasn't the same. The DJ was boring and played crap music and didn't even mix them right. He just played random crap music and stood in the booth. It was like playing bingo with grandma with loud crap music and lights. People were just sitting there  starring at their cards. Totally boring. I can do that at any other bingo place. Please get the other guy back... or at least get rid of that hack you had last night. 1/11/2014
3	I played bad bingo for the first time here and it was awesome.  I actually won the first game.  they told me I was the only winner $400 bucks yay then later they came back said they made a mistake they called the other bingo wrong and that guy had it too so it was a shared bingo sorry its $200 bucks.  I wasnt gonna bitch but I hope that was on the up and up.  Anyway I hate smokey casinos its beyond horrifying but the bingo hall had a non smoking section and thank the lord that they did because it was tolerable.  Later when I went to put some of my $200 winnings back into their slots I was overwhelmed by inconsiderate A holes blowing smoke in my face on the left and the right.  I really wish they would have a non smoking section!  They  get 3 stars because they need a separate smoking section in the casino as well.
4	It's an experience. To recognize people's faces after a hard day of work all waiting for the casino to return them luck. What a way to spend your life in Arizona.The spectacle of lights, blinking in your eyes, giving you the sensation that you should finalize.The weakness in your knees, The cigarettes making you sneeze, your buddy hitting the screen, makes you feel like cashing in.
1	I spent exactly $500 bucks in the dollar slots (wheel of fortune) and didn't win anything. The machine just eats and eats your money. On the other hand the old lady beside me won $3200 bucks and she only put $20 dollars. I never win here anyways!!!
3	The atmosphere is pretty decent here, not the greatest casino I've ever been to. I have yet to have any type of luck here in the two times I've visited. I recently moved to the area so this place is pretty close by.  On a good note it's still a good spot to hang out have a few drinks and play some blackjack.
4	Striving to do something different from the norm, we decided to hop on the freeway and give midnight bingo a try.  We had no idea it was Bad Bingo or glow stick night, however, we were far from  prepared for what we were about to experience. The bingo ballroom was insane, like a crazy weeding slash high school reunion slash underground disco and every social reject was invited and brought a plus one. It was crazy times two and I loved every single moment of it. They had karaoke, raffles, people dancing on chairs, bachelorette parties, free birthday spankings, and MCd by a highly energetic ball of wild. Queue up The Electric Slide and the dance floor exploded.  The room is 750 maximum occupancy and I think they were pretty close if not at the max.  Bingo was fantastic, fun and peppered with just the right amount of naughty when bingo ball O/69 was called.  We didn't win any bingo games but the  3 hours and 30 bucks invested was well worth it all. We hit the slots and my friend won $100 dollars. We cashed out, ate breakfast and headed home just before the break of dawn. I'd totally go again.
4	My first time trying the Butte Burger w/ a colleague at Cafe 24/7. After a couple of meetings and reviews the late lunch was well worth it. We didn't finish the 2 lb burger and the 1 lb French fries, the food was great!
4	Much better than wildhorse. It instantly smelled better too! Not like super heavy smoke. The pay out was descent. Not a lot of open slot machines but I seen plenty of room at the tables. The staff was nice at the player club. I would recommend this casino over wildhorse.
3	5 for the entertainment and the bartender today in cascades lounge.  I give the waitress Penny 1 star. She was slow and rude. Obviously she didnt want to work today. Food was decent during happy hour but our waitress just didnt care about anything.
4	Alright, so im going to try to review this as someone who practically hates casinos. I don't gamble and I don't really like the atmosphere. I find casinos to be morbidly depressing - I feel like most people are there alone, looking like a zombie, and pumping money they don't have into a machine in dires hopes to win big. Not often have I went into a casino and said "man, they are having an absolute blast, I want to join them!"With that said, I went here primarily for BAD Bingo. My only experiences with bingo were growing up and playing when we went camping. We just played with boards and dried corn pieces. The prizes were ice cream cones, cookies, and bundles of wood. So this was the first "adult bingo" I had done.The bingo hall is a cross between a club, a wedding reception, a bingo hall, and a karaoke club. Seriously, get there early. They have the lights off, dancing lights on and people are having dance offs on the dance floor. Then they have karaoke sing offs. Then they go around literally spanking the birthday guests with paddles (hard if they want it).This is the same bingo where you use an ink blotter to mark your letters. You will have to either bring your own or buy from the cage (for I think $4). They roll through a series of games where you have to get different shapes. Another reason to show up early is to review the boards and rules before you are in the mix. If you wanted to you could also get an electronic board that does the marking for you - so all you have to do is watch and call bingo if you get it. This was new bingo to me, but I liked it.When bingo starts it is done and over with in a flash. It pays to know what you are doing because they call fast and they have the dancing lights going. Sometimes those lights literally mess with you so that you can't see what you've marked or read the numbers. Ha! Because of this once calling starts it isnt a time to converse, bitch, or share the latest gossip - you are feverishly trying to mark your cards and not go into an eplitic seizure.Nobody in my party won but it was pretty fun... and I did it sober.  Results may vary if you chose to do it drunk.As for the casino it was hopping on a Saturday night. Not sure if this was normal or what but there was a lot of people there! Maybe they all filtered into bingo? In any case the casino seemeed clean and had plenty of workers there that you could flag down if needed. The GF played some slots and walked away a winner on each machine she played on. Im just the opposite - I always joke that it is better if I just walk in and go to the teller window and hand them a $20 and walk away. At least then I can save myself the strife and pain of losing. Lol.
1	We went for the Christmas in July travesty Bingo. showed up at 430 waited in line till 527 to buy our bingo sheets.Bingo early birds started at 630 and the line was still long due only 3 lines open for those of us non special people. The main draw tonight was $60 play it all on the machines and prize drawings. well the $60 was changed to $78. Online showed the $60 and everyone was complaining about it. Once the games got started the first 10 games were badly messed up. About half the machines were giving blue stars which were free spaces. So it was interesting watching people win and on the screens were the blue stars that do not count but you can bingo and win money over those who did not. The biggest thing that pissed off almost everyone there was the drawings. 3 IPads, 2 PS4, 2 Xbox 1 s, and a bunch of Bingo bags. well Normally you spin the drum then open the hatch on top and pull names without looking. Tonight it was open with the hatch on the side. The lady would spend 30 to 90 seconds looking through the papers before pulling out a name that she fancied. If you are going to cheat in front of 700 plus people maybe you should not take a knee and rummage through the names. Amazingly the same family won a IPAD a PS4 a Xbox 1 and a Bingo bag. What are the cances? Roughly 1500 to 2100 papers should have been in there. But a family of 6 won 4 items. WOW a miracle.  But wait...Every name tonight called was Hispanic down by a Hispanic woman who rummaged around until she found the names she wanted. 100s of people were pissed off about it for sure. This Bingo hall should be shut down. I hope a lot of people call whatever gaming authority AZ has. I wish I would have recorded her rummage around for 30 to 90 seconds every time. All the drawings were by her and done the same way. We will never return. They lied online about the prices, rigged the drawings, and did not enforce the rules. If you do not call bingo and have the last number called it is a invalid bingo but twice tonight they allowed it. Te lady sitting next to me was very pissed off her winning number was to be called next. The invalid Bingo had to have B8 but it was not there. They missed there chance to bingo. The rules are posted. I  not sure why they even post rules. Tonight a lot of people were pretty pissed off.
3	Convenient location for me.  It's a good place to play bingo, I haven't won much on the slots.  The live music is generally pretty good.  The ventilation system for smoke could be better.
3	I went to Lone Butte Casino for the first time last weekend.  I have to preface that I'm not a huge fan of casinos and I've never been to one in Arizona but lived here my whole life.  But... we were invited by some friends for BAD Bingo on Saturday night. And I have to say, it was a good time as long as you don't take yourself too seriously.  Imagine a random bar mitzvah party with bingo in between.  It's relatively inexpensive for a casino - $16 buy in for about 10 rounds of bingo.  They have a DJ and dance floor and glow sticks - can you ask for more?  At the same time, the crowd and scene are still very much "AZ casino" so take it for what it's worth
1	This place was nice when it first opened bus has gone down hill over the years. Service is slow and the staff is unprofessional. Out of ALL the casinos in the valley this one has to be the worst
5	I had no idea what I was going to do for my 50th birthday. I mean I had at least 20 years to plan this thing I knew it was coming but it got away from me. So the week before, I called the lone Butte and I tell them I need to find something to do, they offer bad bingo on Saturday night. Now bad bingo is not like regular bingo where all the lights are on and if you whisper something to your neighbor you get scolded to keep it down, bad bingo is loud fun and a party atmosphere! The crowd is really into it, seems like most of these are regulars and boy do they know how to have fun.  The drinks are flowing, the music is blaring, and yet they find a way to make it possible to play bingo, and win some money in the process. We had a blast, some great food, delicious drinks and my birthday was a success... did I mention that they were able to reserve a table for my entire group, not bad for free Minus the bingo packets. I may start celebrating my half birthday is just to get there again.
4	Lunchtime is always good for me although I don't gamble a whole lot I did play 20 and won 60 but that's not enough to reel me in ..but I like the food and plenty of tvs to watch sports news and whatever else is on ..mostly I love people watching
