5	Well, just like your average apple store.   Nothing too special... except for the fact that I met Penn the magacian there!!!  Hahaha!!  It was cool, my cousin spotted him out, and he told me.  We asked for a picture, and he was really nice about it.  My first time meeting someone famous... well, sorta.  haha!
5	This is the ONLY Apple store in Nevada.Picked up Comic Life and a great looking Oakley Vertical Messenger bag to shelter my newest toy:  a MacBook!I'm officially one of the converted...
4	I like macs....But I have a problem.When you go into a Mac store. it's like walking into a Versace or a Gucci. Everyone is all in black, and they're all so uniform. So you walk in and it's all WHITE, BLACK, SILVER with splashes of sporatic colors like pastels and stuff. So yea I'll order online. It's cool to play with stuff. But even the ipod - trendy. Give me a Zune player. Yea...dead sexy.
5	I don't have a Mac.  I can't afford a Mac.  I was given an iPod as a gift, and it's been wonderful to me.  I'd like to do more editing, so I'd like a Mac, but that'd be an expensive hobby.That being said, the Apple Store here is awesome.  It's just like any other one - full of things to play with.  The Geniuses are actually helpful, or they'll leave you alone and just help you fiddle.  Not a high pressure environment.A friend of mine ran into Alton Brown here once.  His mom almost cried. Hilarity.
4	Aren't they all the same?  Good service, knowledgeable Mac staff waiting around to help, gadgets on display to pick up and try out, the Genius Bar available for you to get problems solved, friendly atmosphere.  I like Apple Stores. Just wish I had the money to buy more stuff there!
2	iM not falling for all of the iPerbole. i do own an iPod, but thats required now days. As far as the iPhone iS concerned, i Think i can wait. iTs not quite worth iT yet for me. iN fact, this store kind of creeps me out...iT feels almost like iM being lured iNto some kind of iCult. And the zombies working there all wander around playing with all the iToys and iGadgets... and sometimes dont even seem to know anything about the iProducts they are pushing. i dont mean to iFend any of the many people who ran out to get their iPhones on the first day iT was iVailable, iN fact, i WiFive them for their commitment, but iM just not ready to make such a commitment to a phone or a company yet. iM sure iVentually i will get sucked iN too.
4	This place cracks me up !!  There was a "fashion show" just outside the doors of the apple shop ( it is a fashion mall !! )  so while my girl was watching the show i strolled into the apple store .... interesting store - it's got a cool, hip look...the place was jam packed ...but as busy as the place looked, maybe it's just me , i didn't see anyone buy anything ...strange ....alot of cool gadgets to look at ...do they ever have a sale here ????  i was afraid to ask ...i had this vision that everyone would stop in there tracks and just stare at me ....
5	this was the first apple store in las vegas, and my favourite while i lived there. this has nothing to do with the fact that i worked there. listen, i'm particular. introduce me to 50 people and chances are i will loathe 40 of them, feel apathy toward 5 of them, and love the last 5. however, the hiring at this store is so damned good, i worked with 50 people and truly loved every single one. you will feel welcome here, you can sit on a computer all day buying nothing, just reading emails, and the most you might be asked is to move to a neighboring mac so they can show a customer the one you're on. the geni are amazing, they know what they're doing and sincerely want to help you. it's a small store, it can get busy (when i worked there around christmas it could take me 25 minutes to get from back to frontt trying to leave on my lunch break still wearing my apple shirt) but you will get expert advice here. and believe me, as a long time apple customer who has utilized apple care, and as an employee who has seen people try to get their items fixed who don't have apple care, BUY THE APPLE CARE!
5	I love this Apple Store!They have some of the best customer service genius bar reps there!  Always willing to help and very knowledgeable about the products.One of my favorite Apple retail store locations!
4	I've been to a few Apple Stores and this one ranks up there with the best as far as customer service from the salespeople... I was in town for the Consumer Electronics Show and after seeing a particular pair of headphones I HAD to have at the show, I went by this Apple store to make my purchase... I called first to make sure the had stock and Todd helped me out... He was pleasant on the phone and didn't leave me waiting too long while he checked... I got to the store within the hour and though the store is small, it was VERY crowded, but everyone that was there shopping seemed tended to... There were no registers and the sales staff carried portable credit card readers... certainly a unique approach to making sure that people who want thing don't have to wait in long lines to get served.... I got my headphones without drama or fanfare (which is good) Todd and the other gentleman that helped me were very helpful, and I'm listening to my headphones as I write this.... and parking in the Nordstrom's garage is freeeeeeee
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!  Tons of fools walking around and smiling at you and no one can actually help.  I walked in hoping to get a new battery for my iPod since it no longer will hold a charge.  I'm thinking, "no big deal, it's a battery."  Ahhh apparently it is a big deal.  In fact it's such a big deal that I needed an appointment.  I'm standing right there in the store and they turn me away.  I need to go online and make an appointment.  NO they can't just make me one while I'm standing there right in the f*cking store.  Really they expect me to go home, go online, make an appointment, and drive all the way back to the store?  REALLY!!! What kind of business pulls this kind of shit?  WTF is up with this place?  I have never heard of a place so casually turn away a paying customer.  Screw you apple store and your stupid useless employees who would rather follow your policies than give anyone basic customer service.
4	Apple store located inside the Fashion show mall is a fantastic shop for all Mac fans.  I purchased my Macbook Pro from them some years back and have always enjoyed my experiences inside their store.  Friendly staffKnowledgeable employees Only downside is the need to pre-arrange a time for service.
3	I love going to the Apple store.  It's pretty standard.  Always busy but I find the associates are super willing to help.  I always like to see what exclusive cases they have.
5	Five star service from our very own Matthew C.The genius above all at any genius bar very patiently helped me, going 40 minutes after he clocked out, just out of the goodness of his heart.The clencher: he let me bring my PC into the Apple Store, and kindly messed around with it (making a few jabs at the non-Mac) but tried very hard to figure out what was up with my iTunes not wanting to install.I could not thank him enough for his kindness, so I am really not reviewing the store but reviewing its excellent staff member Matthew C.I am repaying him in alcohol at a future date, but luckily the owner of Grind Burgers came into the store so I was able to hook Matthew up with a free burger :)
5	My dear Macbook has a defect: Something about the case design causes the plastic around the keyboard to crack every few months or so.  Granted, it's a pain in the butt every time this happens, but the service I get from this store makes it bearable.It's the same story: I make an appointment, bring it in that morning, they tell me I'll get it back 1-3 days later, then I get a call later that night saying that it's done.  Because it's a known defect, I don't even get charged.  When I DO need some other service, they always tell me exactly what's up, so I can get the right equipment, make my purchase, and leave plenty of time for me to drool over items that I want, but shouldn't get.The store is always crazy-busy, even when they first open, so I'd recommend making an appointment.  The staff have always been attentive, making sure that I'm being helped by somebody, and normally, I can joke around with them as they try to fix my ailing Mac for whatever is needed at the moment.  I always feel like I have a clear understanding of what is going on when a computer problem arises.Of all the Apple Stores in Vegas, this one is my personal favorite.  I know that every time I go in there, they'll take care of me.
3	Night and day from our Town Square Apple experience. We were in and out in 12 minutes. The wife had a power problem with her Ipod. We came in a few minutes before our appointment. The store was super busy but we were acknowledged upon entering. The genius bar was helpful and not condescending which was nice. We experienced great service but could tell others were not. Being my 3rd time in an Apple store I think they could use some help in the customer service area. However, this will be the location of default for us now.
1	So our in store experience was good, but the alleged follow up service from this Apple Store has resembled the engineering ability of a newborn donkey...non existent. When we went into the store our service was great, the guy at the Genius bar said they would call us no later than Tuesday with the replacement they were to order. Tuesday came and went without a call, so did Wednesday. When we called on Thursday, we were handed off to a variety of different people, finally to hear that the replacement wasn't in, but should be on Saturday and they would call us. Lo and behold Saturday came and went without a phone call, so we called again. Same deal, now we were told the replacement would come in this week and we would be called. Hmmm...if I were a betting man I'd say we will have to call them again, what do you think? I don't have a problem with Apple. I like my Ipod, its pretty cool technology, and it works pretty well (as it should for the price). I am not a tech geek, but I am also not tech illiterate. I don't buy the hype of Apple, but I also don't hate them...but seriously, if you are going to claim a high level of service, please actually follow through. If crappy service happened just once, maybe I'd let it go, but this seems to be the MO of Apple.
4	before entering the store i can always expect apple to be so freaking crowded. i typically know what i want before entering, so it makes for a fast and pleasant visit. there have been occasions when i felt lost and in need of some help and every time i have been rescued by a friendly apple sales associate. i have not had any issues with any of my apple products thus far. iphone, ipods, and macbook pro. i give apple 4 stars because although the service is always amazing and i have not had any issues with my products, it would be nice if the stores were a lot BIGGER. this would help a great deal with the intense traffic flow and help to make the experience feel less claustrophobic.
5	Helpful geniuses with my iPhone, replaced the defected unit after troubleshooting it. I have had several other computers or iPods that have needed service and this location, even with different people, has worked out each time. Most of the time, the computer is not in for service for longer than a weekend if they don't have the part in stock. If you want your computer fixed faster, just tell them you need it for a project do soon. They usually will try to help you out. One tip is to ask for a manager if one of the geniuses or standard employees don't understand your situation. After the remodel, the genius bar is located in the very back of the store.
5	My brand new iPhone 4 started acting up on me within weeks of getting it. I called AT&T support and they told me to go to the Apple store. I was leaving for Vegas the next day so I couldn't. The phone was less than a month old and not only was I travelling out of state but my husband was leaving out of the country to Israel for two weeks. Needless to say it was not the time to be without my phone. When my phone seized up at the hotel room, I tried fixing it using the iTunes on my laptop. When that failed, I called tech support. Brett was awesome and told me to head over to the nearest Apple store. When I got there, I found out that something had gone wrong with the appointment Brett set for me, and the wait was going to be over an hour :( But the girl was so nice she said she would see what she could do. I didn't expect she would be able to do anything, but her kind demeanor was heartwarming. Within 20 mins they were able to squeeze me in and replace my phone. I was so impressed by how friendly, calm and collected the reps were. It was a busy day in a hot city and they were sooo awesome! I got really down when I realized my phone was having problems because I had been so excited to get it, but the experience at the Genius Bar was remarkable! I actually hugged both of the people who helped me before I left!! :)
4	So I will upgrade my review of the store just because the store itself is kinda cool and fun to browse through. I still havent broke down and bought an iPhone or iPad, but maybe, just maybe sometime soon. Although I'm still waiting for the big announcement of the iPlug 5g cerebral cortex implant with internal cornea heads up display. Come on Steve, get on it, I really hate having to use my hands when I talk or text.
4	We know Steve Jobs is a smart man, and Apple is a SMART company in both technology and marketing.  While in Vegas a couple of weeks ago - we noticed that EVERYBODY and their mother were sporting the new Iphone4!  What the heck???  To buy an Iphone4 in Scottsdale you basically have to wait three weeks - and even that's being generous on time!  I came to the conclusion that all of the country's iphone4's are probably being shipped to Vegas.  The Apple Store at Fashion Show Mall, "conveniently" located close to the strip.  I liken this situation to the numerous chapels on the strip.  Drunk and need an adventure? Just hit it big at the craps tables?  Either A) Get married to a complete stranger  B) Spend $400 on a gourmet dinner and bottle of wine from a world renowned chef.  Or C) Buy a new Iphone4.  Even though the Iphone4 costs more than getting hitched and as much as a gourmet dinner, it bares far less consequence than point A, and lasts longer than point B (well, longer than Point A too I guess).We couldn't resist the temptation of the Apple.  Before we knew it - we found ourselves parked at Fashion Show Mall, ready to purchase the Iphone4.   Just like all Apple stores it was packed.  But the employees seemed unaffected by this.  They were probably used to the crowds, especially on a weekend in Vegas - and they were very willing to help!  I needed caffeine really bad, and asked an employee where the closest vending machine was and he actually took the time to show me)!  While I downed my soda, my fiance completed the "transaction."  Five minutes later - we have a new phone, just that simple.  The gal who helped us was young and bubbly and made everything easy. We were super impressed!  For the selection alone it's worth going - everything is in stock!! So - my fiance was lucky enough to buy one for himself, and I am still rockin version 3G.  We are headed back to Vegas this Labor Day weekend - and rest assured - I am getting my Iphone4!  Facetime here I come!!!
1	Really, I have no problem with the company that is Apple. But they must do something about their follow through with customer service. After a month of leaving messages about a replacement we were supposed to receive, still have not heard back. We ended up pursuing another route to fix the problem and were successful. I hope we don't have to deal with the Apple Store again *knock on wood*.
3	Purchased my very first Mac laptop here a few months ago. LOVE the Mac! Hated the number of people crammed into the small space. Guy who helped me was very nice and knowledgeable and recognized I was a student on a budget. Love Apple and love Mac! If this was a review for their over the phone service, they'd get an A++++++
4	I have been to this location 3 times now. One time on very short notice due to my iphone losing its ability to register any touch on the screen, once to purchase an imac with some software and the most recent adventure was to pick up a 17 inch Macbook Pro, 27inch Cinema display, a printer, and 4 or 5 pieces of software. My most recent trip I worked with Sean Rabbitt. He was very helpful and got me everything I needed including my business discount. The service here is always top notch which being an ex apple employee I know that it is of the utmost importance that everyone be greeted and treated with a smile, and I can honestly say that every time I have been to this location I have been treated that way. First visit was exceptional, our buddy Matt C. got me hooked up with the genius bar on short notice and got my iphone issues fixed. The second visit was a little slower due to the crowd in the store but I was able to get the computer and get out the door. My last visit was exceptional. Sean Lined me up with all the items I asked for and had them taken to the loading zone so I could fly around in the car and pick it up and not have to lug it all aroung fashion show.
5	ONCE YOU GO MAC, YOU WON'T GO BACK!My MacBook had some cracks on the case around the keyboard. This is a known issue on this model, so Apple covers the repair even if you're out of warranty. Last month I made an appointment with the Genius Bar so I could drop off my MacBook for the repair. I was also having problems with the backlight and a small crack on the Display Clutch Cover ($6.82) which was probably damaged when I had it in my backpack. The "Genius" told me that I would probably have to replace the Inverter Board ($32.95) and Inverter Cable ($6.82) as well. He said he would not charge me labor. He had to order those parts though. I left my laptop overnight so they could replace the cracked case around the keyboard.My "Genius" called me a couple weeks later to tell me that the parts were in and I could come by anytime to drop off my laptop. It was done overnight. I went to pick it up on Christmas Eve and when he gave me the bill, I noticed a $39 charge for REPAIR. I reminded him that he gave me a quote and said he would not charge me labor. He said he would go to the back to adjust the bill. He came back a couple minutes later and said, "we will take care of the entire bill. Merry Christmas" It was a great way to start my Christmas!
3	Pretty much on par with what I've come to expect from an Apple Store. They are always busy and filled with expensive toys.A friend had an appointment at the Genius Bar, and had a decent experience.  I tried my best not to armchair troubleshoot, but even when I did the Genius was friendly and was not adversarial with me.  I don't know how this compares to the Apple Store in the Forum shops, but you are in good hands with Apple either way.
5	So, anyone that knows me is fully aware that me saying anything good about Apple or me being seen in the Apple store is totally off base to what I do for a living. However, I am sick of all the shitty PC laptops I kept buying and really wanted to step up and get a Mac. I did all my research and just planned to walk in and buy the MacBook Pro I wanted. After getting into the store and dealing with the large crowds of people I was finally able to play with laptop i was planning on getting. Next to me was your totally cliche pretentious mid 40's greased back hair sport coat wearing dbag drinking a Starbucks next to me surfing the net. When he spilled his Starbucks hot tea on me and the Laptop. He did apologize but then walked away with his spill allover me, the table, and the laptop. At this point I was about to walkout and change my mind but, I calmed downed and flagged a salesperson (pretty sure his name was Andy or Allen) . He was extremely helpful and answered all my questions and did not try to upsell me after I told him my needs. After I made the purchase he handed me off to Phillip who was really helpful and spent 30 minutes showing me how to work my new Mac. He also introduced me to his manager who thanked me for the biz and congratulated me on the purchase. As I left (Allen/Andy) thanked me again and assured me that if I have questions to come back. So, I am sure this is all part of the training the salespeople go through but, it is nice that it is actually being executed. I know Nordstrom and Best Buy go through extensive customer service training but, I never see it executed. So, bravo to the Apple store for making me feel like I am welcome at your store and my business is important.
4	This is by far, my favorite Apple store.I've been here on 2 seperate occassions and while I've never purchased any hardware here, I have gotten some good accessories.The staff was friendly and the atmosphere is great.Nice way to cool off from the HOT strip. I even stayed next door at the TI hotel on my last adventure because the mall is so nice.
3	A little smaller and less helpful than most apple stores.  They also didn't have inventory advertised on the apple store online (and were confused about what they did have, even though they have a smaller inventory to keep track of). Very very difficult to get service at all here, even on a very non-busy weekend night before closing.  Strange.
5	Really nice guys that answered my questions about my phone and didn't talk down to me.  Thanks!
5	They are app-solutely so smart in here :) They can pretty much solve anything you can think of :) Edden was so helpful and I didn't scare him off bring in 5 apple devices. Lol :)
4	Classic apple store. Service depends on the geek who helps you out. I've had them tell me that they wouldn't honor my apple care product here, but I went to the town square store and  was told they would exchange a new iPad for my defective one. I think you'll have a better time at the slower town square store, but if you're in fashion show, why not go here?
4	This store is insanely busy all the time, so getting in and out can be a little bit chaotic. I'll say that Andrew at the genius bar did a great job fixing a problem for me that another tech there repaired and apparently didn't check on, so if you can request him, I certainly would.
4	I went in to buy another iphone case. Yes, the last one broke. Where did I buy that one at???Well, it was jam-packed as always. As I looked over my choices of cases, an Apple associate greeted me and asked if I needed help. It does amaze me that almost every time I walk into this store, even as busy as they are, they are very good about their customer service. It's also amazing to me that they can check you out with your purchase remotely, swipe your card, and email you your receipt. Done! Shopping has gotten way too easy...Definitely like Apple products. Definitely like the stores and their service. I'm sure some people wouldn't agree, I guess I've caught them at good timing... :)
5	Just bought the new ipad. My experience at the apple store was great! Joey was very helpful, was able to answer all of my questions (i had more than a few) and was even able to show me apps that would work for what i hope to use the ipad for. In the next 14 days I'm going to see how i like it.... But the service was great!
2	At my job I have to help a lot of people who are dead broke, unemployed, collect EBT Benefits, and are addicted to drugs. When I come to their homes, sometimes there ain't no running water or electricity because they didn't pay the bills. The kids haven't eaten in days, and the teenage daughters are all pregnant. Even though these families don't have money, they all got iPhones. I don't understand why so many people who are dead broke will buy iPhones and their expensive plans when they could use that money to pay essential bills at home. Apple is the new addiction which is now part of the already addiction-riddled city of Las Vegas. This Apple location is primarily extremely busy, so you won't ever get one of those dorky guys in the blue shirt come up to you. 90% of the people who "shop" here just come to take pictures of themselves on the macs and Ipads. That's why the background images on the display items are mugshots of some dorky European tourist.It's odd how people in Vegas rather lose their homes instead of lose their ability to text their friends a message that reads: "OMG OMG LOL LOL BFFs 4EVER :)  " ..........Personally, I rather eat food then send some guy a text which features a "heart" made of a "greater than sign" and a "3"
2	Disclaimer: I've been a HUGE Apple fan years before Apple was cool. I love most everything Apple makes, and that includes Apple stores. But as the saying goes, "all it takes is one bad apple..."A friend of mine (DD) and I went to this store to return an AirPort Express a couple days before her 30 day return window expired and had a terrible experience.DD isn't tech-savvy, per se. She bought the AirPort in Philly (about 3 hours from her house) and couldn't make it work. Since we were going to be in LV, she brought it with her to return it at a Vegas Apple store. First day we went to Fashion Show mall (without the AirPort), found the Apple store, and DD asked an employee about it. He looked up the purchase on his hand-held device, found the transaction, and told her no problem, bring it back the next day. So far so good.On our next visit we walked up to the first employee we saw near the front door (short guy with dark rim glasses). DD took the AirPort out of her purse and asked about the return. The Apple guy asked for a receipt and DD told him it had been emailed. He glanced at his hand-held device and said 'it's not there'. He could find a prior iPad purchase, but no AirPort.  From the beginning, this young man gave us attitude. All the time he was dismissive and kept looking past us. After some puzzled back and forth and her insisting, he pointed to a laptop display and said to go find the email receipt. DD had trouble signing up to her email account and I had to help her. We searched through her email accounts and still no receipt. The employee stood a ways back. I saw him talking to another employee, looking our way, like we were thieves.After a long time at the laptop looking for the receipt another employee (manager?) came to us. He looked at his hand-held device and in like TWO SECONDS found the transaction from the Philly store. He took the AirPort and refunded her credit card. Then he said "Will that be all?" DD and I just looked at each other and said "Uhm, yes?" and he turned and walked away.By that point we were running late to be somewhere else and had to go. We were furious and for the rest of the trip I really wanted to go back to that little dork and his manager and give them a piece of my mind; but never got the chance. Las Vegas Fashion Show mall was my one sour Apple experience.
1	Apple Zombies everywhere! Watch your back!
4	We came in to check out the IPad Mini.  This store is smaller than other Apple stores I've been to.  We ended up comparing the IPad 3 vs the IPad mini as they were right next to each other.  The screen on the 3 was better than the Mini but it wasn't significantly better.  I can only guess that the difference may be seen more prominently by watching a HD movie or that the smaller screen on the Mini made the pictures sharper than if it was a full size iPad.  A major difference between the two was the weight. The 3 seemed heavier than an IPad 1 and the Mini was so light weight that I barely felt it on my hand.  Don't forget that the 3 has a faster chip (which I couldn't see a difference) and of course costs more.  I'm sure a techie person can tell you more but this is just one layman's opinion.
4	The Apple store is great! No only do they have awesome products, but super customer service. Always friendly faces here!!
4	Welcome to the Las Vegas Zoo, oops I meant the Apple Store at Fashion Show. But instead of animals you'll see a wide cross section of humanity here such as the grumpy Vegas local and the rude Vegas tourist. Usually these two types are salivating over the latest Apple products on display, and in their zeal to get their hands on them they seem to lose their minds when it comes to basic courtesy and sometimes civility. Fortunately the Apple staff are able to step in and keep the place from going totally off the rails. And when you do get the attention of a staff member they typically take very good care of you. (Unless they see something shiny / blinky or go off to try and multitask and help 3 other customers at the same time as you).My experiences in this Apple Store of late involves a 27 inch iMac for someone at work that had severe video issues. After making an appointment with the Genius Bar and lugging that massive thing through the mall of course it works fine when they test it. I take it back to work, plug it in, and it goes South again. So I book a second Genius Bar appointment...and this time lo and behold the video card shows its problematic ways! Finally...they'll fix it...but wait, they don't have that part in stock and they gotta order it in from Cali. Dang the luck! But at least they gave me a call to give me an updated status on it. (And they hooked me up with the Business team which was kinda nice). So overall, if you can get past the hordes of people in the place, the product quality is clearly 5 star so we'll rate them on service. For making me lug that supersized iMac through the mall twice they lose a star. 4 Stars.
5	I've been to the Apple Store at Town Square many times, but this is the first visit to the one at Fashion Mall.  My experience has been the same at both:  excellent.  This time I had a Genius Bar appointment set up.  I know from a past experience that you need to be on time, something that always eludes my grasp.  But this time an unexpected traffic jam had me stuck on I-15 at the very moment I should have been checking in for my appointment.  It wasn't easy (okay, I confess!) Googling their number while I was inching forward in traffic, but when I managed to find it and make the call, I was given another appointment for just 45 minutes later, which I thought was reasonable.The store was, as usual, jammed with people, but they have such a huge number of employees circulating that it was easy to find the workers with the iPads who could check me in.  And how did I know I had to find a guy with an iPad?  There was someone right near the door directing traffic.  This company has it down pat.  The help I got was spot on, efficient, and helpful.  But even when I've been to an Apple store with no appointment, for a variety of reasons, there are always enough employees around so that you're not freaking out trying to get someone to help you, or getting into a fist fight or shouting match with another customer.  It is truly organized chaos, and makes it a pleasure to shop there, despite the sticker shock!
1	Get there when they first open cause its not crazy busy and it smells fresh. Avoid entering that store after about 2 hours of opening because the smell of man fart is extremely intense it could seriously kill you. If you can handle the smell of a warm gas chamber, then you will love this store. I love apple products but holy moly get some of those air freshness that spray every few minutes to help with that stinky warm air!
2	WTF?  I have a 1.5 y/o macbook with a slightly loose hinge they wanted to send it to their depot and charge me $430 to fix it- saying they "will diagnose my computer"The nice but young and inexperienced sales girl I heard her unzip her fly when she quoted me.  I laughed at her and told her even "at $100/hr their quote is completely fcked up" so NO, I'm not doing it. I don't understand how she kept a straight face quoting that number, but whatever.The place they referred me to in town did the fix in an hour and charged me $90.  APPLE: some of us can afford your product by NOT wasting money on inflated services.  Please remember that.
5	This is THE best Apple Store. I have gone to the Town Square location as well many times and always feel neglected or rushed. Even when I've gone in immediately stating I was going to buy an Imac and Ipad that day but just had a few questions abut the Ipad software compatibility. In the end i wound up going to Fashion Show for my purchase, and left extremely happy. Ever since then I only go to the Fashion Show location. The staff is on top of it there whether its picking up ordered merchandise, general questions, or fixing something. The parking is way easier too, just park at the Nordstroms lot.
1	If you've ever been to a zoo, it's a lot like going to an Apple store. They smell terrible.. like a zoo. Most likely it's from constantly being packed, but it always makes me think it smells sweaty from all the people touching all of the electronics. I'm not a germophobe, but if I was, this place would make me cry.It's always too crowded in here to get service, and with Apple's super hip no counter thing, it means that while I'm standing there wanting to spend $1200, nobody is available to help me because they're showing teenagers how to use to Macs to take webcam shots. I don't even know what's going on half of the time.My least favorite experience was trying to get an iPhone 5 with them. I finally was making the transition to an iPhone, but it seemed like nobody would sell me one. I had to wait 15 minutes in the acrid store for someone to tell me they're out. They are popular, I get it, but stop acting like it's a privilege to spend money at your store.Apparently the best way to go about getting one is to wait until 1am, when their systems refresh, then see if you can win the race to reserve one online. Really? Okay. So I end up doing that nonsense, finally get one days later, go to the store, wait to be acknowledged, finally get help.. then they lose my reservation. Apparently it was some sort of weird glitch that "never happens." The whole experience was miserable.They get me one, and a couple of days later, the battery is dying insanely fast. Like 4 hours fast. My boyfriend just got his weeks earlier, and his is great. So I take it back in. Wait to be acknowledged. Finally someone helps me and tells me that they are all booked up, and if I'm lucky enough, they might be able to help me over at another location if I go in and check.So to end this sob story, the customer service is terrible, especially considering that you're paying a premium for the brand. If their "Genius Bar" is fully booked because they're soooo popular, then Apple needs to hire more people so that they can handle walk ins AND appointments. I went because my phone was sold to me defective and couldn't even get help. If you ever need a repair, don't take it here, they charge an insanely high fee for everything. That is, if you're lucky enough to have them look at your equipment.
4	This place reminds me a lot of a zoo.. Always CRAMMED. One night my iPhone decided to say "searching." I did the usual, toggled the airplane mode button, shut my phone on and off. Nothing worked. I waited until the next morning, still said searching. So I made an appointment to get my phone checked out.The guy told me that a lot of people have this issue and its an AT&T issue. He advised me to go to them before having to spend $200 on a new iPhone. So I did. And they told me it was a phone issue. They said if it were their fault it would say "No signal." I appreciate the effort in trying to save me some money, but I don't appreciate all the trips I had to take back and forth. And the seemingly feud between apple and AT&T. So I went back to apple in order to buy a new phone. I told them I just wanted to buy it. Easy in and out right? Wrong. I have to make an appointment to buy a phone. Lol what? So I had to come back yet again the next day. Despite all these trips apple had made me take and the zoo-like scene, the staff is very friendly. Interior is nice and clean. My favorite location.
5	A typical Apple store as far as layout. Great service from the employees - got a couple of informative demos. Other reviewers mention how insanely crowded this store is but oddly, it was not crowded on a Saturday afternoon; I had no problem getting my hands on any computer or device I wanted to play with.
5	Apple has emptied my wallet several times over throughout the years. This location is always nice because it's convenient for me to get to.  I park below Nordstrom and it's just around the corner in the mall.  The self check out via the apple store app is really cool.  You can stroll in here, pick up some accessories and whatnot and checkout via your phone without ever having to wait for staff assistance.  The few times I've had to bring equipment in here for troubleshooting they have always been knowledgeable and helpful.
4	I don't know how this location does it! They are constantly PACKED and the wait for the genius bar is always 45Minutes+. Somehow, they always manage to squeeze me in and help me with my device within the hour. I normally go hungry so I can stop by CPK next door  while I wait. This location is at the Fashion Show mall, so I recommend parking at the Saks and then heading directly to the left when you reach the mall opening because it is a very short walk from here and on the same level. My Apple Iphone5 from Sprint SUCKS! I was very happy with my 4S, but for some reason my service all over the country (I travel often) is horrible! It drops calls and sometimes takes 6 minutes just to load a map or web page. After a 6 month battle with Sprint/Apple with no one wanting to take fault, I finally told the tech at this store I demand a replacement 5 just so I can see if it is the phone or the service. Guess What??? It is Sprint. The new 5 SUCKS just as hard as my old 5!! Moral of the Yelp: I still have faith in the Apple brand, I am a lifelong Macintosh user and not one of those that jumped on only after the Ipod release and recently I had been losing faith in the brand because of my constant phone issues. This tech successfully re-upped my faith in the Apple brand and helped me identify the real problem SPRINT!
4	Excellent and efficient service on wonderful products.  Parking in the mall garage is far away but ok.Unclear why they do not show product descriptions and prices on signs above the products displayed, for ease of browsing while walking around, like many other Apple stores do.  You have to look down at the product display itself to see what its features are in small text.
1	While on vacation, my iPad 3 was not recognizing the SIM card, so I made an appointment at the Genius Bar at Fashion Show.I got there on time, but absolutely no employee would look at me. A de facto line had formed on the side, and employees were moving from person to person, so I waited patiently until it was my turn. Then, the lady behind me shoved her way in front of me, and I continued to be ignored.At this point, I was already aggravated, so I interrupted an employee who was on his way to helping a customer and begged him to help me or at least get me checked in. Another 10 minutes passed (now about 25 minutes after my appointment time) before some emo Apple Store employee with gauges in his ears came to help me.After examining my iPad, he informed me that it would cost $300 to fix it, because it was 3 weeks out of warranty. I let out an expletive then immediately apologized for my language, but I was still quite perturbed. He told me, "Electronics are just like that." He then informed me I should sell my iPad as a WiFi-only device and use the money to buy a new one. My reaction? "Are you kidding me? I am never buying another Apple product again!"At this point, I defiantly pulled out my Samsung Galaxy S4 to document my experience for all 17 people who follow me on social media sites. He rushed off to find a manager, as I angrily yet easily typed away due to the beauty of Swype. A few minutes later, he reappeared and said that his manager agreed to replace my iPad for free, since it was obvious that it was well cared for with no hint of water damage (true) and they did not  want me to have a bad impression of Apple. Sounds nice, right? However, he was going to to try just one more thing to try to fix the problem.Well, after about five minutes...wouldn't you know...my iPad was magically repaired! Shady AF. I am sure many of you reading this think I'm a huge biznatch and should just gratefully bow down at the Steve Jobs altar, but that actually ticked me off even more. First of all, why didn't he try that in the first place? Second, if I had been really passive (as believe it or not, I often am) and accepted his initial diagnosis, I would have paid $300 for a two-generation old iPad.My experience here reinforced a sad yet true reality of today's world: sometimes to get the best service, you have to be an a-hole.
1	I stopped in because my Iphone was not working.  I was lucky to get an appointment one hour after I came because someone cancelled.  I went to the appointment and 1) the "genius" tried telling me I did not purchase the phone when I did and 2) that I did not have AppleCare.  After another "genius" came over to assist her, they figured out I did buy the phone when I said I did and I did have AppleCare.  After explaining the issues I had for the third time, the most significant being that the phone feature on the iphone did not work, the "genius" decided to replace the phone.  My model was not in stock.  I asked if I could buy an upgrade.  No, I cannot (does not make sense to me) because then they would fail a store audit; she has to give me the same model phone and take my current phone.  She said I could go to another store and see if they had the model.  So, apple, supposedly a great technology company, cannot tell what inventory they have at other stores, and I am supposed to go to a store without an appointment when it is about an hour from closing (slugging my way down the strip Saturday night on a holiday weekend) hoping they can see me at the other store and they have the model phone I supposedly need?Very unhelpful, Samsung Galaxy here I come!
3	I never really understand the whole philosophy behind the apple store.  It seems there is so much wasted space.  Still you can't deny a place crowded with avid iphone, ipad and igadget users.  The staff is somewhat distant and surprisingly not as knowledgeable about the various gadgets as one would hope.  I knew more about the upgrade date from google search than the salesperson to whom I spoke.   Also, they really do not have a lot of accessories out on display.  The clear lucite display tables are a nice accent for the phones but really not my type of decor.  They have every iproduct though and if you don't see it, you should ask, they may have a way to get it for you.
5	WOW!  Amazing service!  Blaine was extremely helpful and really seemed to care about our satisfaction. He was prompt, efficient and best of all just solved our problem without any sales pitches! I highly recommend this location!
1	I'm giving them 1 star .. I know there busy selling !!! But I came in toAsk if they can help me with myPhone because I'm having problem with it and the guy said he can't help me he said the Tech people are booked which i understand . But when I step out  I see at least 5 apple personnel with red shirts standing around and basically talking to customers and some of them are taking to each each other .. I think they have good service if your buying something .... If your not don't expect anything !!!! Just saying
1	This store is a miserable, dysfunctional, screwed up mess. I made an appointment for the Genius Bar, showed up 10 minutes early. Walked around the store for about 10 minutes trying to find the Genius Bar...no vertical sign like the other stations. I stood there for 20 minutes and finally flagged down one of the employees, which I was clearly invisible to the moment I stepped into the store. I was informed that I had to go into the large archway, where nobody was standing at the moment, or the two other times I walked through there, and sign in with the person who should be there.I thought did I miss the sign? So I walked over there and there is no signage. I waited for someone to show up, and he did and I signed in and was told my appointment was cancelled since I was 10 minutes late. I corrected that and said no, I was 10 minutes early and I've been standing at the Genius Bar for 20 minutes. Well 15 minutes later they still didn't have anyone who could help me and I was on my lunch hour and I left without getting any help.I agree with the other comments, why does Apple think this messed up business model is a plus for the customers. And why didn't this Apple store have someone at the front as soon as you walk in to get directions from? You're somehow supposed to know to go stand in an empty doorway until someone walks over to check you in? STUPIDITY AND DYSFUNCTION!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Within 10 miles radius there is three Apple store, only in Vegas...  This store is located just outside of the runaway show, which is very good strategy placed.  At top of that, they provided free Wi-Fi.  Despite many people had data plan on their phone, there's still many of those don't after all the data plan itself cost more than the phone in long run.   The store is large and you find same stuff as you do in most Apple store.  The thing I like Apple store is simple that you can see nearly all the products without walking more than couple of steps, while giant store like Bestbuy and Walmart, likes try to find a needle in a Ocean at times.  Not to mention, they poor customer service who had more interest selling useless service and warranty instead.
5	The staff is always very friendly and helpful. I love my mac products and would recommend making a appointment. I love the layout of the store and always have a positive experience. The store can be busy at times so to avoid the intimidation factor plan your visit during the slow hours.
5	Go to Danny, he was the most helpful! The best service I've had at an apple, was willing to take his time and explain my new purchase The Jawbone UP 24.  Helped me load the app on my iphone and explain everything.  Don't forget that you get a student discount!!! I took advantage of this :)
2	the wait here is RIDICULOUS!!! i made an appointment on my iPhone app the day before, when i show up for my appt, i still have to wait an extra hour just to exchange an iPad because my nephew dropped on the floor, the whole exchange took less than 5 mins. So what's the point of making an appt just to wait an hour for a 5 mins transaction that cost me an extra $250???
5	Okay. So I needed a Mac. I mean, like I am a creative person. I wanted a device that matched my inner Dieter Rams. I was undecided. rMBP or a MBA (not the business degree). In steps Ashley. She was helpful and guided my through the exhaustive purchasing process. We narrowed it down to the 13" rMPB (which she exclaimed "thats the one I have!)" After this though, I still had a few more questions. When I asked her whether or not I should upgrade from 8gb ram to 16gb ram she said " Do you need it?".  I told her well I do do some heavy illustrator and photoshop editing in which she replied "Meh its up to you then". After some internal debating we both decided why not just go for the big daddy and upgrade. I could not have asked for a better Apple experience. Thank you!
2	I am going to state upfront that I have rated the Genius Bar with 2 stars because the person assisting with getting people appointments, and getting people to their appointments couldn't even make eye contact with us when we were speaking with him to attempt to get an appointment. I guess I realize that you are a genius (supposedly) but this is not the place to play out your brooding. It is a customer service gig..... so I would suggest either getting your head outta the tablet surfing Apple Store internet and get some people skills.OK, rant complete. On to the Genius Bar... the technician that helped us was knowledgeable, and resolved my "temperamental" iPhone If-you-don't-turn-me-off-every-few-days-or-so-I'll-turn-myself-off-and-lock-you-out-for-HOURS tantrum. However, following in the steps of the Genius Bar Host, she wasn't very friendly either. She kinda spoke to me like Help Desk technicians speak to people who shouldn't be using computers that call them with stupid questions like "My computer wont come on"Technician: Did you turn it on?Customer: Oh.... no I guess I didn't. Well, I am not a computer idiot but there are ALOT of things about iPhones that elude me; and many others from what I have googled. So to treat the people that have come to you for your unattainable knowledge (outside of the new hire training course) like rocks isn't very pleasant.Thank you so much Apple Genius for restoring my iPhone child to its ordinary operating behavior but maybe next time we could get a smile or giggle outta ya?
1	So I visited the genius bar today and it was one of the worst experiences I had inside an Apple store. My wife's in which we both had 13inch MacBook Pro's 1st model had battery issues. Automatically from the start the so-called Genius starts immediately evaluating the aesthetics of the machine in which the condition was fair clearly not the reason for her problems. We started off telling him that the computer would get really hot, the fan made weird noises when it was moved, and that the trackpad was failing. The so-called Genius make no note of the trackpad on the work order and says I think that the battery has imploded and is pushing up on the trackpad. He goes on to say that once if we decide to that will rectify the issue. We were really irritated by that comment. On a brighter thank you Fadi he was a manager and when he got involved with my mangled charger which clearly had defects that the so-called genius didn't want to replace was great. He really listened to what I was saying and made me feel proud I was an Apple Customer. Andrew who I think was the so-called Genius name had the worst customer service that I have experienced to date in an Apple Store. Be careful who you deal with there just an fyi.....
1	They quoted me  $549 to replace the display on a macbook pro laptop,  15" 2009 model with a known defect. The screen is separating from the metallic shell but the screen itself is not broken. I think that is absurd for a repair, since a brand new computer starts at $800. Never going back to apple.
4	One of the biggest Apple stores, at least width wise.good layout, well-organized with the accessories in the back.Ground level of the Fashion Mall.
5	Stopped in to get some repairs done. The location has plenty of friendly staff and is extremely busy at all times!
5	Had an amazing experience with Lindsay. She was super helpful and helped fix my phone. I walked in feeling awful about purchasing a new phone and walked out feeling great about the experience.I'm a happy Apple customer and will be for a long time because of this experience!
3	Raleigh was able to troubleshoot my Macbook's Migration Assistant, show me plenty of pointers and saved me a ton of time!  I have more knowledge of my devices and how to make the most out of them, plus I was able to browse inordinately expensive accessories that I can buy at a later time on Amazon!  Thanks, Genius Bar!EDIT:Minus 2 stars for hustling me out of there when I became close to getting my issue resolved.   I don't wear all my Apple purchase on my sleeve, but my MacBook AND $800 iPhone should be an indicator that I'm a regular customer, not a loiterer.I know this directive to free up valuable retail space at the Genius Bar comes from managerial directive, so don't come down on the employees for doing what you suggest.  Recommendation:  Roll around in your cash reserves, Apple. And stop telling employees to hustle their clients out of the door at lightning speed.
5	Very impressed with this Apple location.  I attended a free workshop on osx Mavericks.  It was very informative, and the trainer Katie did her best to answer all of our questions.  After the class I mentioned regretting not purchasing the one to one training when I acquired my Mac 2 1/2 years ago (it was an Amazon purchase which made me ineligible to purchase the one to one).  They allowed me to purchase one to the spot.  Very happy that they made an exception, and I've already enrolled in my first one to one training.  Thank you Apple!
1	I despise giving 1-star reviews. I feel like a terrible person every time I have to give one. And I am an Apple fangirl 4lyfe yo, so I feel especially bad about this 1-star review.But oh. my. goodness. The experience I had at this Apple Store was such a nightmare. If you decide not to read the rest of my review, at least read this: Just stop. Don't go to this Apple Store. You'd be much better off going to the Apple Store at the Forum Shoppes at Caesar's Palace.So here's the sitch: Every Vegas trip, somebody loses their phone. On this particular trip, that unlucky person just happened to be me. Yea, fine, Vegas, you win. You can have my phone. I didn't want it anyway. (That's a lie. RIP phone. Sad face.) And to the person who stole it: (insert profanities here).Because I cannot live without my phone, I had to get a new one. So I trekked out to the Apple Store at the Fashion Show Mall. All I was trying to do was use an upgrade from a different phone under my family's account to get a new phone for myself so I didn't have to pay a bajillion dollars for a brand spankin new iPhone. Over the course of the 2+ hours that I spent at this Apple Store, I talked to at least 5-6 different sales reps.And no joke... EVERY SINGLE SALES REP told me something different. Things that the sales reps said to me:- Yea sure, we can totally help you upgrade your phone using a different phone's upgrade from your family plan- No sorry, we cannot help you do that upgrade. The upgrade has to be used for whatever phone number the upgrade is for.- Yes, we can do it, but then the phone number you're stealing the upgrade from will become inactive.- Normally we could do the upgrade, but your carrier doesn't do cross-upgrades.- Oh yes, we can do it-- as long as you are an authorized user on the account.- No sorry, we cannot do it unless you are the primary user on the account. Even if you're an authorized user it doesn't work.Like seriously, what the freaking heck? I don't work at the Apple Store. I am not a so-called Genius. But when everyone is telling me something different, who am I supposed to believe??I ended up calling Sprint out of frustration because I was so baffled by all the mixed signals I was getting from the Apple Store employees. The Sprint rep told me that it was indeed possible to do what I was trying to do. And that furthermore, yes, it was in fact possible to do it from an Apple Store.So I went back in and told the Apple Store employees this. They proceeded to tell me that they still did not think it was possible, despite a Sprint rep telling me it was possible. Fine, but could you at least check for me? And could you perhaps do so with a smile on your face, rather than making it seem like such an inconvenience for you to help a customer?The last Apple Store employee who helped me before I gave up and went to the Apple Store at the Forum Shoppes was actually really sweet, and I do think she genuinely felt bad for not being able to help me.In the end, my problem was not solved here and I left feeling more frustrated than ever at the incompetence and poor training of the Apple Store employees here. tl;dr: I get the sense that the employees here are not well-trained enough to be able to handle more than just simple "I want to buy an iPhone/iPad/etc." requests. If you need anything beyond that, just... no. Also, if they tell you it can't be done at this store, ask for a second, third, fourth opinion. (Because yea, that thing that I tried to here that they told me was impossible? I went to a different Apple Store and did it. BOOM.)
3	Sometimes the waits can be too long, genius staff extremely helpful.  Somethings that staff could help you with in a matter of minutes they will make you wait if you don't have an appointment, that sucks.  Other than that you know what you are going to get with most Apple stores
4	After lunch, I went to check out the recently enlarged Apple Store at Fashion Show Mall.  My main reason was to find out about the announcements of new Apple products that I had missed by having other thigns to do.Some of the employees brought me up to speed with information on the iPhone 6 and 6+ and then told me what they knew about the Apple watch and Apple pay.I have always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgable in any Apple Store.  Currently, the three in Las Vegas are all on Las Vegas Boulevard.  That hopefully is changing soon, but this is an option that's good, too.Parking for the Apple Store is best in the green area under Saks.  Come up the escalators to their second floor, walk out, and there's the Apple Store.Since I just got information, I really can't justify 5 stars but they were very good!
5	The back story: Attended the iPhone 6 release on 9/19 at Town Square. I arrived at 5am and found a few hundred people ahead of me. Not surprised. At 6:30, an employee told us that their system was down, so they could not go down the line and reserve phones. They promised that they would do an inventory and hand out vouchers for the phone we wanted, allowing us to leave and come back any time that day to get our phone. That promise never happened. I then was told that the store was allowing people to purchase up to two phones at a time. This is absolutely insane to do on a launch day. With hundreds in line, it would have been more humane to limit it to one. The staff was very friendly and helpful, but the store is poorly managed and handled this situation badly. In the end, I waited nine hours and was told that they sold out. Very disappointed.Next day: I decided to try my luck that night on the website and see if any phones were available. Fashion Show location had just what I wanted, so I bought it online for pickup that day. I made my way down there and saw a huge line again. I was then told to stand in a separate line for those who already bought a phone. After five minutes, Phil greeted me warmly and immediately got my order. I told him about my horrible experience at Town Square and he was horrified. He then proceeded to do all he could to make it right. I won't go into specifics, but he was awesome. I cannot say enough about Phil and this store. Thank you!
5	Always great to visit this Apple Store. Totally helpful, cool staff! From buying a Fitbit bracelet to anything Apple. Great Service!I want the new larger iPhone - larger will be so much better!  6 plus in December. We hope!
5	This is a great Apple Store as it is very spacious and has everything you need for you technology...
1	Worst Apple Store Ever. (If you're an American)This is a store that is frequently visited by Las Vegas foreign tourists. I'm not slamming anyone for pointing that out, but it is a major factor in why this is such a different store than the rest. The employees simply don't care or try. You walk in and there is NOBODY that will greet you, and thats because they know they'll make their sales regardless of their efforts. The "tourists" are going to buy no matter what and they know it so the employee (and management) effort is minimal.
5	Awesome customer service! My iPhone 6 screen shattered and every other place in Vegas quoted me 240-260 for a replacement ... Umm I'll deal with the glass splinters for that price! I assumed Apple would be around the same price..made an appointment at Genius Bar and was quoted 109 for a replacement screen... Long wait once turned my phone in (day before Christmas Eve, my fault!) but was given my new screen FREE because of the wait! So happy and delighted with them.
5	The apple support crew was nice and supper helpful.  They are all professional. Their personnel not only having patience to help the customer but I saw one of the customer needs sign language support and one of the support crew member actually knew it and have her great service.  I really appreciate they do anything to saved my phone. Triple thumbs up for all apple support crew.
