5	This place is brand spanking new, serving up the culinary delights of Northeast China/Manchuria. The meat patty in fried pastry is absolutely to die for. They come 3 in an order and I saw people order it for lunch and wolf down all three in one sitting. The pastry is pan fried and the meat is somehow miraculously bathed in a savory soup. When you take a bite, the soup gushes out and overwhelms you, very much XLB style (Xiao Lung Bao). The dumplings, pot stickers, and hand pulled noodle soups are also quite good, as well as the noodle in the dark thick peanutty sauce. The ladies working there are pleasant and friendly. The restaurant is commendable for its cleanliness.This place totally rocks and I recommend you all flash mob this place to keep it alive and well, serving up goodies for years to come.
4	we love this place.  the beef buns are like giant siu-lung-bows that are sure to satisfy the meat lovers cravings.  Very friendly cordial staff.  If you're hankerin' for some northeastern chinese cuisine, you'll find no other in southeast valley.  Not dirt cheap but the food is fresh and of the highest quality.
5	After hearing about this place from a friend then finding it on Yelp, had to give it a try. I had the steamed dumplings and the flat tofu with green peppers. Very good and clean. I will definitely be going back since this is the best Chinese food I have had in a while. Lunch price wasn't bad either. The ladies working there were very friendly and attentive. I was with a some friends visiting from China and they said that it was some of the best Chinese food they have had in the south east valley area.Give this place a try, I don't want to see this one going away like many of the others. I will definitely be going back often.
4	I am excited about this place, even though I have not had many opps to try northern style Chinese food.  Think dough, and don't mistakenly believe it's the same dough steam/cooked/fried/stuffed in different ways.  The kind owner lady proudly told me each of our 3 dishes was made w/ a unique dough recipe... At first I was worried all the dough would overpower my tastebuds, until I asked for some dipping sauce... they kindly made me a black vinegar, ginger, and scallion sauce... that just upleveled everything.  Who knows if it's traditional or not, but I implored the owner to start dishing this out when Americans like me (smiley face) come over and eat.The off-menu items are written on a small whiteboard sitting atop the freezer stuffed w/ to-go dumplings... luckily the folks there speak English, so I'll be working my way thru this secret menu and who knows.. this might go 5 stars!SW corner of Ray and Alma School, next to the JCC.
4	I really like this place.  The pot stickers, onion pancake and the pork patty are my favorite dishes.  Everything is really fresh.    The owner is really friendly and will help explain dishes to you that you might have questions on.  I have also gotten the frozen pot stickers to take home and they were good too.
4	While the decor leaves something to be desired, the feel was similar to some of the neighborhood Chinese restaurants back east.  The food was outstanding and the service excellent.  The owner and staff were helpful and patient and answered all our questions.  The photos of the dishes on the walls really got the engine started.  We are not fans of spicy food, and the Northern Chinese/Manchurian cuisine fits nicely with that.WE WILL RETURN!
4	So where to begin. It's a small place that's your typical hole in the wall setting, but clean. Pictures hung on the walls provides some ideas of what the dishes look like. Those of you that are used to Panda Express, PF Chang, or your typical American Chinese food or whatever New York Chinese food are, you won't find anything familiar. This is a place that specializes in northern Chinese food. This means noodles, dumplings, buns, and lots of wheat based products. The place should get an extra star for not having beef and broccoli on their menu. I mean seriously there is no broccoli in China until the recent decade. Beef and broccoli IS NOT Chinese food! The menu certainly brings back childhood memories. This is authentic northern China home cooking people! I do see some Sichuan dishes and I'm curious to try. Went with couple co-workers for lunch to check the place out. I ordered the dumplings and the meat pie. The woman that owns the place was extremely nice. The service was above average. She brought out the corn based congee, which I'm assuming comes free with the meal. It's pretty much flavorless but easily fixed by putting in some soy sauce. I'm assuming that's how they are served authentically. The dumplings are ok and could used some additional seasoning. But they aren't super doughy like other Chinese places. I liked the meat pie. It was hot, juicy, and yummy. I can certainly say it was filling and I was stuffed. I'm definitely going back and try out some of the stirfry dishes. Haven't had those for eons and I really hope they live up to expectation. When it comes down to it, it's home cooking. You aren't going to find it superbly amazing like a 4 star restaurant and this is no Imperial cooking, but they are hearty and filling at a decent price. Until I try their other dishes, they'll get 4 stars because the memories made me happy, the service was good, and the food wasn't half bad. :) I really hope they would maybe offer the pork and veggie bao. That would just put it over the top.
4	VERY Authentic Chinese food without the cost of going to China. Good food and the server was great. I'm still on the side of 'Americanized' Chinese food so I don't try everything they would have but what I did have was excellent. If you are in to authentic Americanized Chinese food I would absolutely go there. Even if you wanted to experiment a little they know how to recommend their food to us non-chinese folks. Great taste.
5	Found this place after reading a review in our local newspaper......Yummy.... I'm finally happy to find a place that makes pot-stickers and dumplings like my Grandmother. Just wished we lived closer. Even our picky 9 year old loved the food. Definitely authentic.
5	I hadn't found a Chinese restaurant I liked until I went to Chou's Kitchen today for lunch.  My friend and I had the Pork and Green Beens which to be honest didn't look very appetizing to me, but was delicious!  We ate the whole bowl even after being full from the dumplings.
4	This place is great. The food is Northern Chinese similar to Chinese Muslim food. They have a great variety for reasonable prices. Also, everything is freshly prepared and you can even see them make the dumplings and pork pie behind a glass window.We got the stir fry spinach (bok choy) with garlic, sesame bread, pork and napa cabbage dumplings, pork pie and green onion pancakes. I know its a lot of food but we wanted to try a good variety and it cost about $27. Not to shabby! the spinach and garlic was really fresh and flavorful. The bread was decent, almost like a dense curried bread. The pork dumplings were similar to soup dumplings, one of my most favorite dumplings ever. The pork pie was almost like a pork patty covered in dumpling dough and pan-fried. It was crunchy, moist, juicy and delicious all at the same time. We were getting full so we ended up only eating half of the green onion pancakes which were well prepared. We will definitely be making another trip back here soon.Side note: They sell bags of frozen/take-home dumplings. About $10 for a bag of 40.
4	If u like authenticed northern chinese food then this is for u. Trust me I was born and raised in that region of China.
4	Back when I was a kid and my mom liked to cook traditional Taiwanese and Chinese food, she would make lots of dumplings from scratch.  The dumplings they make here are very similar, and remind me of those days when I'd help her roll out the dough and fill the dumplings with meat/veggie mix.  They are cooked perfectly, and the meat inside is well seasoned and quite tasty.  We also tried some green onion pancake and beef roll for more fried type foods, and both were perfectly crispy on the outside.  Our total was ~$15 including tax.  Service was friendly, but we had to specifically ask for water since we hadn't had any by the time our first plate of food came in.  If you're looking for a good Northern Chinese style restaurant, leave your low-carb diet at the door and step into Chou's Kitchen!
5	I had the Beef Stew with noodles. It was very tasty.  The noodles were fresh and yummy, and the beef chunks and broth were very mouthwatering.  I also tried the beef buns. They were delicious, The pastry was freshly made and very meaty inside. I dipped then in the stew. I was full and satisfied.      The server was very nice and helped me order since I was not familiar with this cuisine. Her picks were very good. I want to go back since there are many things on the menu I would still like to try. The place is not fancy and it's not the dark romantic atmosphere I normally like, but the food makes up for all that, and it's affordable. I highly recommend it! Another great Yelp find for me! Score!
5	Been here a few times and the food is always fresh and tasty.  I am Chinese from northern China.   This is authentic northern Chinese cuisine.  Food is not fancy but extremely delicious and satisfying.  Highly recommend the Zha Jiang noodles (meat sauce with hand made noodles), the chives and egg pocket, and dumplings.  Good prices and comforting home made Chinese food.  Owners are very nice.
3	I remember going to the thai place and hawaiin place before that in this plaza before, and I was never impressed with the area or food.  I didn't think I was ever going back until I saw two separate articles from azcentral and new times on Chou's Kitchen.It's tucked towards the end of a bland strip mall on the southwest corner of Ray and Alma School.  The decor is simple and clean.  We were seated and helped almost immediately.  I've been raving about these meat pies (don't you just love saying that word?) to my gf all day.  We got the pork meat pies, the bean curd with pork, noodles with shrimp, and green onion pancakes.The meat pies were awesome.  Three came per serving.  They tasted like the filling of a pork steamed bun flattened with a flaky savory pastry crust around it.  Excellent.The bean curd with pork and celery was crispy, fresh, and not too oily.  It wasn't bad but nothing to tell mom about.Unfortunately, the green onion pancakes had the look and aroma of deliciousness but lacked green onions to give it a punch.  It tasted like meat pies.. minus the meat.The noodles with shrimp was standard fare.  Interestingly enough they used lo mein noodles instead of something thinner we thought they would.They were nice enough to offer us a corn like clear soup, but it was very bland.  I wasn't sure if it was supposed to be savory or desert tasting.Overall, the meat pies are excellent at the place.  We spent $25 and came out full and happy.  It also helps the place was jam packed with asian people which is a good sign.  Next time, I'm going to go back and try some of their soup/stews that I saw everyone else ordering, and I may change my rating.
4	I have been here about 5 times now.  So it's pretty safe to write a review.A little bit about me.  Born in Taipei and grew up in NorCal.  Been to Taiwan ~15 times in the past 10 yrs for business.  So I do know quite a bit about Chinese food.  Always love dumpling and noodle dishes.  Try them out everywhere whenever possible.Small restaurant with lots of Northern Chinese dishes.  Noodle and dumping are generally good to great.  Very authentic IMO.If you like noodle soup, you will love the beef noodle soup here.A good way to tell how authentic a Chinese restaurant is to see how many customers are actually Chinese.  This place is usually about 75% Chinese.Very friendly to family but the restaurant is small and maybe seat 1-2 big table only.Lots of good options on the menu.  Both my wife and I like the cold appetizer salad-like dishes.About $40-60 for a family of 4.  So it's quite affordable.
5	amen.there's finally a really great chinese restaurant near my house.i'm telling you, chandler is the secret gem of phoenix.anyway...my husband just picked out some food and brought it home.we had hot & sour soup, kund pao chicken, and what i think would be called lo mein. (soft noodles). oh man, oh man.everything was great but especially the noodles. these things were homemade.
4	This is an excellent authentic Chinese Restaurant!  I would give it a 5 star with just a bit better service at the table, but that is NOT a reason to avoid this location.  The owner is friendly, the food comes out hot and fresh, and the clientele is mostly Chinese which tells me it truly is a great place to eat.  We tried many different dishes.  I do mean different.  If you like the traditional Americanized  Chinese food, you will be disappointed.  If you like authentic cuisine, head right in.  We will go back!
5	Authentic!
4	Chou's is a mixed bag. In one hand it is authentic chinese food, you will find no finer tasting stuff in Chandler, no less Phoenix but the presentation is lacking. This place is the perfect take-out spot but eating there is not exactly ideal. It feels a little grimey but if you can look past the appearances there really is a fantastic menu to be had. The pot stickers, beef soup, and spring noodles are flat-out amazing and filling. Give it a chance and you'll be pleasantly suprised, not to mention for 20 bucks both myself and my girl filled up with left-overs to boot.
5	So Good!Thanks to Yelp I found this hidden gem right by my house. It is located in a sketchy strip mall in Chandler.We went in on a Sunday for dinner and we were the only non-asian people in the whole place (Great sign!!).We were quickly greeted and our drink order was taken. There were ladies making fresh dumplings right at the counter. We HAD to order some! We started with the Hot and Sour soup. I was one of the best I have ever had! It was filled with tons of veggies, tofu and egg. It had a great kick and tons of flavor.We also ordered those fresh dumplings, we chose the pork,shrimp and chive variety. They were amazing!! Our server mixed up a special sauce for dipping that was really tasty.After reading previous reviews we also got an order of the beef pies. The arrived screaming hot (let them cool a bit). One bite into the chewy dough and the rush of broth and tender meat enters your pie hole (pun intended) you are going to be very happy. The meat was so tender and flavorful.We really wanted to order some noodles, they make them fresh in house, but we were so full they are going to have to wait until a return trip which I see happening in the very near future.Go here, support these great people and enjoy amazing food!!
4	I'm amazed to find a place like this in AZ!! I was ranting and raving about it for days because it really surprised me how good it could be. When I went there, I got so excited I ordered AALLL of my favorites. Got the green onion pancake (delish), egg and chive dumplings (yummy!), potstickers (pretty good), freshly made dumplings (so good). The staff there was really friendly and sweet. Real Chinese people making the dumplings right in the front so you know it's fresh! it's not the cleanest place and the menu might be confusing if you haven't had this type of food before but this would be a good place to try something new! :D
5	Family friendly, affordable and best of all the food is amazing!!!! I ordered the Spicy Fried Chicken and the Family Style Tofu. The Beef pies or buns are savory!
5	I have just made a list of 9 more items I would like to try. If I really could convey how good this restaurant is I would never be able you get a table.  I have been called a foodie and a food snob which is all pretty true. This little family owned restaurant amazed me with the flavors. This is now my favorite place to eat. I have been looking for people to take there just so I can sample what they order. I belong to a lunch club and we have been trying new restaurants for three years now and Chou's Kitchen has been the jewel.  Trust me you will love Chou's Kitchen.
4	Chou's Kitchen is a really cute restaurant serving a type of Chinese cuisine that's hard to come by! The ladies who own the restaurant are always there, one making buns and dumplings, and one running the front of the house. When asked what to order, the owner will point you in the direction of the steamed beef buns, the cheapest and tastiest item on the menu! The fried chicken noodles are also delicious and nothing on this menu is expensive! It's easy to have a filling meal for two come out to $15 after tip!The place is rather small so you may have to wait for a table, but as evidenced by the sound of Mandarin being spoken throughout the restaurant, it is clearly a place that has good food.
5	I had the pork fried buns and the scallion pancakes. They were both just amazing. I had never had NE Chinese food before, but had seen a TV show featuring the food, so I knew roughly what to expect. It's very hearty, very tasty, and is very obviously handmade. The ladies behind the counter were both really nice and helpful.
2	My goal was to introduce my NY friends to a new Chinese restaurant and to show them how a good Yelp rating would lead us to a good dining experience, even though I did not know the area. Strike one and two! Three different dishes and three thumbs down. I am not a dining snob, nor are my NY friends, but the food was a complete disappointment. If bland food were the hallmark of Chinese cuisine, then this would be deserving of the 4+ star rating that attracted me to this small family restaurant. The hostess/waitress was welcoming, but I should have known that that food may not meet our expectations when the waitress informed me that they do not have chinese mustard, only a sweet and sour sauce. One friend ordered the orange chicken and left 3/4 untouched. I ordered the shrimp fried rice which was dry, tasteless and the shrimp was overcooked. The third peson in our party ordered stir fried vegetables and left half. My friends were kind enough not to say anything until I let be known how disappointed I was with the meal and then they chimed in with their similar feelings. Not being familiar with Yelp they also added, "do you use this Yelp thing much?" I do and will continue to do so, but with a little less confidence. The two stars were for the friendly, welcoming service, and pleasant family atmosphere, but I felt compelled to share our less than ideal dining experience so that others may not be mislead and think their experience will always be as others have raved about. To be fair, it may have been an off night, but clearly our experience was not up to the rating and reviews I had read before going there and unfortunately I will not give them a second chance as there are many other establishments that have proved to meet the expectations that their respective reviews have engendered.
4	I am glad I found this place but it is a bit far from where I am staying at in Phoenix. Their dumplings are really good, spicy cold potato salad was super good and refreshing but their green onion cake was a bit thick and starchy for me. I prefer Taiwan's thin and crispy green onion cake. Really clean inside and it is fresh, full of Asians!
5	Best Chinese food ever! I have never had North-Eastern Chinese food and am a convert. Don't expect your everyday Americanized Chinese food - expect to try something new and enjoy then experience. Don't skip the beef buns - and with the amazing prices, I recommend trying a bunch of different items. Everything is made in house - don't miss the handmade noodles. There is a bit of a language barrier but the owners are extremely nice and super patient. They checked on us frequently and treated us as if they were delighted that we came - and it was genuine. Great food and experience.
4	I'm continually amazed that people think that China, with its 8 regionl cuisines and varied biomes and some dozen odd ethnic minorities , will always have the same stir fried beef with broccoli and done the way they had it in New York or whatever American Chinese eatery they had growing up.  Please people, this restaurant serves east northern ( dong bei) homestyle wheat based dishes.  They may have some of the American Chinese dishes on the menu but that is  for the clueless diner that wandered  in wantingpork fried rice and egg fo young for  chinese dishes and not what they specialize in.  Please read Jennifer 8's great book on Chinese reataurants and you can undestand what the differences are.  This restaurant does decent and tasty dumplings, green pancakes, breads, buns (man tou)'etc,.  More homestyle but still tasty.  Does it measure up to the best of SGV, MontereyPark, Rowland Hts, ? No.  But its decent and its tasty and I applaud them for opening up here in AZ.
4	My mom picked this place for her birthday lunch.  We drove 50 mins (1 way).  It was a little place stuck in a strip mall.  We were greeted right away.  The staff was super friendly.  Before we ordered, the server brought waters and these yellow soups.  I have never seen yellow soup before, so like a little kid, MOM - What is this???  She told me it was a corn congee-like soup.  It was tasteless but then I found it you put sugar it in.  Ah, I just I am a Northern Style Chinese food newbie.  Since I have no idea, I left it up to my parents to order the food.  Beef Pies - Excellent!!!  Very tasty and yummy.Pork Potstickers -  Freshly made and cooked.  These are very good.  But found out Northern style, you do not use soy sauce for dipping sauce.  Vinegar is the thing.Green Onion Pancakes -  It was fresh but the layers of dough were not there.  OK.Fried Beef Bun - These are actually steamed.  Doughy but good.Lamb Skewers - My family inhaled them.  And said it was great.  Spicy Pork Intestines Stir Fry - Again my family ate it and said it was good.  I am the only person in my family that is not that brave.  1 con:  It was super HOT!  I was sweating the entire lunch.  Please turn on the AC!
5	authentic northeastern chinese cuisine! thanks!!!
5	I'm so happy to have found this place! Great food for cheap!
5	Why can't they have this place in Glendale? I have to drive 50 min there and back and it is so worth it because this is the best Chinese food I've had in the Phoenix area. Let's get down to business.FOOD! I haven't tried nearly enough things on the menu that I would like to try. Skip the free corn meal soup as you do not want to waste any stomach capacity. Beef pies are juicy in the best way possible. Beef noodle soup tastes as authentic and flavorful as I've had. The broth is TO DIE FOR. Green onion pancakes are decent. I enjoyed the spicy bean curd appetizer. And for you vegetarians out there, the stir fry potato jalapeno and eggplant was excellent. Even my boyfriend loves it and he thinks Panda Express is good Chinese food... eh. Speaking of, if you're the type of person who only orders orange chicken and fried rice at Chinese places, you might want to skip this place and go straight to the mall food court...just a suggestion.SERVICE. I love the really tall woman who works here! She cracks me up every time I come in and always has a big smile on her face. Chinese places sometimes receive a bad rep for having terrible service but Chou's Kitchen is warm and fun. Definitely try this place if you're craving authentic northern Chinese food.
5	What a treat! I have had Chinese food all over this state in the past 4+decades and this is the most unique I have ever had.    The service is old school...meaning they actually make eye contact the second you enter the business, smile, and invite you to take a table.  Service is prompt and efficient.  The owner came to our table to take our order the first time we came assuming ,correctly, that as newbies we might have more questions than the regulars.  She was very pleasant and helpful.    On my second visit, the same lady recognized me as having been there before and even recalled some of my first order.  Impressive given the number of customers in this place at any given time.  She also ended my last visit with a recommendation of a dish I should try next time.    Wonderful to be treated with such genuine consideration.First off, it's important to note for those who don't like hot food that the "jalapeno" ingredient is actually the much more mild Anaheim chili.  This ingredient more commonly, in my experience, found in Mexican food makes an incredible addition to these Chinese dishes.In order my favorites are/were:  #5 Salad with green onion, cilantro and Jalapeno.  The tofu noodles and raw peanuts transport this dish out of the "salad" category and into the meal category for me.#50 Eggplant with potatoes and jalapeno.  This dish is unlike anything I have experienced.  It packs an impressive flavor while not swimming in any puddled sauce.  Potatoes in Chinese food?    It's magic. Who knew!!#79 Green onion pancakes.  Just exactly the flavor I was seeking.  Think of an authentic moo shu pancake only much thicker, studded with green onions and pan fried to a savory golden brown.  Delicious.#68 Mongolian beef -  While not as spicy as some it was fresh and delicious.Chicken skewers, grilled with a savory and smoky taste.  Not spicy and very good.#82 Dumplings with pork and napa cabbage - very fresh and subtlety seasoned#61 Spinach with garlic sauce -  To be fair spinach isn't the best vegetable for stir-fry, in my opinion.  The high water content  tends to leave you with steamed spinach in the end regardless of your best efforts.  Having said that, it was damn good steamed spinach!#1 Green Bean Jelly with Vegetables, Ham and eggs -   The presentation alone made it worth while.  However, the dressing for this noodle (which is what the green bean jelly resembles) Cobb salad was incendiary with Horseradish.  Seriously.  I don't know if it was an error or if the Northeaster Chinese are made of sterner stuff than myself but WOW!  All in all this place is a gem and is not to be missed.
4	I really enjoyed the Beef Stew Noodle Soup here.  It was very delicious.  I cannot wait to try the other soups.  The Meat Pies and Buns were good, but not my favorite.  The staff is very friendly and the food is fresh.  It's a lot better than most Chinese places and this one others a lot of different types of Chinese food.  It was a nice change.
5	We had the eggplant with jalapeno (actually the peppers were milder), cold noodles with cucumber, pork buns, and pork pot stickers.  The pot stickers were a bit on the doughy side and not too flavorful.  The other three dishes were fantastic.  There are many things on the menu that one does not normally see in Chinese restaurants, and I look forward to returning soon to try some of them.  For the price, it does not get much better.
4	Homemade Chinese food!  Love it.  In a random strip mall in a totally unassuming area, but the place is very clean, food authentic and when we were there the ladies were making homemade dumplings right by our table.  I liked the dumplings, eggplant, and the noodles.  I'll be back again.
3	I give 3.5 to 4 stars for food. But for service, it is probably a 2-star or less for me. SERVICE:Being Chinese, I know service is never the forte of an authentic Chinese restaurant. But I was still surprised at the lack of service and the total carelessness and cluelessness there. First, they don't seem to care which table orders what so the orders frequently got mixed up when I was there; the server would carry the food and wander around from table to table, asking if anyone ordered this. So I had to watch the plates whenever the server carried them out from the kitchen and stopped her to give mine to me, because the server was walking AWAY from me with my food on her tray. Second, they started making dumplings 40 minutes after I ordered them. After the dumplings were finally ready, because they forgot who ordered it or simply did not care to check, they let it sit on the side table behind the cashier for another 15 minutes. Our dumplings were finally uncovered when the owner saw the dumplings sitting in the cashier area and started talking loudly in Chinese, "Whose dumplings are these?" I had to raise my hand to claim them. So we got our dumplings after we finished our meal and were about to pay the bill.Third, it was difficult to get hold of a server/owner to ask if the dish was coming out anytime soon. They rushed by your table and never made any eye contact. They don't come by your table and fill your water diligently, or check on your order. The owner was especially warm and hospitable to her acquainted clientele when I was there, but was quite indifferent to others (I guess I shouldn't be surprised how they selectively treat people... in the Chinese way).FOOD:In terms of food, I don't have major complaints. The food was good, quite authentic, and fairly priced. But if you ask me to compare Chou's Kitchen to the street food I had growing up in China, Chou's does not come close in taste and quality.We ordered (1) Spicy Braised Beef Combination (in Chinese, "sliced lung by the married couple," a dish in chili oil, toasted peanuts, and cilantro with a mixture of beef slices and various beef parts, including stomach--it sounds gross but I dare you to try it). The best dish we got that night. To me, it was not spicy enough because it is traditionally a very hot dish from Sichuan Province. But the flavor was there and I was thrilled to see a dish Chinese restaurants in the U.S. don't normally serve, even though this is a STANDARD appetizer in almost any restaurant in China.(2) Lamb skewer. Pretty disappointed. It has the similar cumin rub as the ones I would buy from the Xinjiang Uyghur vendors on a street cart in China. But the quality of the lamb was so bad and almost inedible: it was predominantly fat and connective tissues, and the very small amount of lean meat was tough and overcooked.(3) Fried beef buns (in Chinese, "water-fried beef buns"). So-so. Too much dough for my liking and too little filling. Also, not juicy enough.(4) Soybean Paste Noodle (a soupless "mix-it-yourself" cold noodle with cubed ham, sliced cucumber, and a soybean meat sauce). It was extremely basic. The noodle was an alkaline noodle, so it was yellower and more elastic than the average soup noodles. It was a filling dish, but nothing special, and quite bland.(5) Dumplings with Pork and Napa Cabbage. Yes these are the dumplings that came grossly late so we had to box all of them. For 5 bucks they were great, much better than the ones from the frozen section at a Chinese grocery store. But they were NOT worth the 1.5+ hour wait. I would recommend this dish to people who like homemade Chinese dumplings because they are delicious, not because they are the watery relatives of potstickers. But if they don't come at the end of your meal, you should probably cancel the order.All in all, it was a decent Chinese eatery with some management/service issues. I saw some items on the menu that I don't usually see elsewhere and they are quite good. But still, these are basic, entry-level Chinese food items that are quick to prepare and hard to mess up. I would probably come back and hope to see an improvement in the structureless service.
5	Absolutely fantastic. I lived in China for a year and grew to love real Chinese food. While the American version is ok, it can't really compare. I try different Chinese places all the time, and was blown away by this one. There are a number of authentic northern chinese dishes on the menu you can't find anywhere else. If you go in at any given time, there will be more Asian customers than white, which goes to show it has great authentic quality.   There just isn't a better authentic Chinese food joint in the East Valley.  I recommend going with a group and getting a bunch of items so everyone can share.
5	Oh man, this place is a gem! The people are friendly and the food blows any other place I have been to out of the water! The portions are huge, but the bill won't be, if you are in the area, I recommend this place hands down!
2	I don't know what the rave is about. We had pork potstickers, Mongolian beef and Kung pao. My wife and I would go out of our way for this place but there also is not much else around.
5	Warning, don't get deterred that there aren't any seats for you when you walk in... that's a good sign that the the tables are full with everyone stuffing their faces.  I waited for about 15 minutes for a table to free up, and I'm glad I did.  It was kind of a chilly night and I was feeling for something hot.  I decided on the seafood noodle soup and pork pies.  The noodles soup broth was lightly seasoned with a hint of white pepper (just the way I like it), the noodles were thick and hearty, and the portion was substantial.  The pork pies (3) were like a flattened pot sticker that had been pan-fried on both sides, Yum!Definitely, a place serving up genuine Chinese food with the finesse of a home-cooked meal. I can't wait to go back!
5	After reading the reviews on this place we just had to go. We met up with some great friends who live in the same area. Thankfully they are foodies just like we are, so we ordered up a plethora of deliciousness and the person who waited the table told us we must have did a lot of research ahead of time. We had the eggplant with potatoes and jalepena, beef pies, sesame bread with green onion, pork pot stickers which had this terrific crusty top, pork rib noodle soup (with homemade noodles), ribs with green beans potatoes and eggplant and shredded potato with jalepeno. Nothing was short of just darn delicious. Highly recommend anyone to just try this place but don't expect the standard Chinese fare of orange chicken or fried rice dishes. The waitress was hilarious and added a flair to the whole experience. Friday night at 6:45 and we were seated immediately, the place was packed and well worth it!
5	I really enjoyed this. Not your typical salty and over seasoned Chinese food. Simple ingredients. Freshly prepared. Light but filling! Definitely the first of many trips to come.
4	Best thing is the spicy beef, tendon cold dish!!! LOVE the sensation, taste and texture. I always have so much fun eating it. It's such a social dish where you should share as a group - pick, eat and chat. Beef Stew Noodle Soup is tasty as well and great for cold weather days. Noodles are nice and chewy and the broth is not overseasoned where you feel like you're drinking condiment soup. Though they have a large homemade dumpling/ bun selection, they're only okay to me. Haven't tried one yet that blows my mind.
3	Decent Chinese food, for Phoenix.  The hot and sour soup was actually very good, but didn't have a lot of extras.  The pork fried noodles were flavorful.  The spicy fish fillet in spicy oil was very underwhelming.  I asked for it to be very spicy and I didn't even think about breaking a sweat.  The broth was also rather bland. My three year old daughter loved the noodles, hence the 3 stars.
4	I have been here quite a few times. They have recently renovated the places and it looks much better. The food, I have always found to be great! It is not your normal chines fast food. It seems more authentic and flavorful. There buns and dumplings are amazing. I love hot and spicy food so I asked the chef for spicy beef. It was crispy, fried and delicious with Jalapenos and red chillies...mouth watering!. All in all, I see myself going there for years to come!
5	Extensive menu, from cold dishes to soups and clay pot meals. Lady was hand making dumplings as we ordered.
5	Amazing pasta and dumplings made from scratch. Little plates are great and similar enough to Taiwanese cooking than most places I've been to, which is nice.  The owner is really friendly and the service is quick.  We will be back often when we visit AZ.
5	We had the Beef Pie, Pork Pie, Pan Fried Chives Pocket, Spicy Beef and Tendon, Spicy Bean Curd and all were very tasty.  The noodles in the Soybean Paste and Beef Noodles were very authentic, al dente, paste and beef pretty good as well.Seeing the owners hand rolling dumpling wrappers and making dumplings was very DTFish.We need to support the mom and pops taking pride in their cooking and business.  Being from LA, not sure if this is the best in Chandler/Phoenix but there's not a lot of room for improvement.  2 chopsticks up.
5	Just returned from a trip to San Francisco and I couldn't get the amazing dumplings I had there out of my head. I'm so happy this place is close by!We ordered the pork and shrimp dumplings, onion pancake, beef stir fry noodles, meat pies and...XLB!Yes folks, they have XLB (soup dumplings) here, which is my favorite. It's not on the menu but they will make it if you order it. That bumped my rating from a 4 to 5 star.My kids also enjoyed watching the ladies hand make the dumplings.Bottom line, the food here is authentic and delicious. They take pride in it. Customer service is warm and friendly and our food came out fast. And it's cheap! None of the dishes we ordered were over $8.Great spot. Now, it's not the best northern Chinese food I've ever had, but it's pretty top notch for Phoenix. I anticipate being a regular!
5	Went back again today & everything was spot on.Of the specialties, had the beef buns, the pot stickers & the beef pies. Added the cold, spicy noodles with cucumber & the cumin lamb.Everything was fantastic. The dumplings & pies were hot and the super tasty. I love what they do with the fillings. Great flavors. But they are really amazing with the dough parts. The bun of the beef bun itself was fantastic. Chewy, crispy, perfect. The dumpling wrapper of the pot stickers was also wonderful. I know they do XLB at times & I need to try that. I've heard it's gotten better from when they first started. If it's not fantastic yet, I have hope that they'll get there.Everything just seemed so much more dialed in than my last visit. That was a good while ago.I definitely won't be waiting as long until I return!
4	Probably the best Chinese food in town. Total dive but top shelf real Chinese cooking here.
5	I have been an Arizona resident for about a year now, and was unable to find any good Chinese restaurants.  Growing up in DC, Boston, and NYC, my standards- of course- were high.With Chou's Kitchen, I finally found a staple to our restaurant rotation.Excellent traditional food, rock bottom prices, and very friendly/authentic service.  Not a lot of frills in the restaurant itself, but you can see into the kitchen and the dumpling prep station which makes you feel better about the cleanliness.I do think they can do a better job turning around tables once people are done.  Also, there isn't a lot of seating area.  If you have a party larger than 6, you'll probably need to break out to additional tables.Have had many things on the menu, and everything has been excellent.
4	Excellent Northern Style Chinese food, especially for Arizona. They make dumplings on the spot and you can purchase them frozen too if you really like them. If you're going in here for the first time, you may notice the abundance of Chinese people eating, which really speaks for itself.For American people wanting to give this place a go, you could go for the standard Fried Rice with Kung Pao Chicken or something, or you can try some honest to goodness Northern Chinese cuisine. My recommendations for you would be the Beef Pies as a side dish if you're looking for something hearty and delicious as they're authentic Chinese street food.Dumplings are quite good and obviously fresh. Their potstickers are decent too but they use their thick-skinned dumplings to make them, whereas I'm more used to potstickers with thinner skin. The potstickers also come with a lot of crust and served upside down.Other noteworthy things are the Beef Noodle Soup. This place has the best Beef Noodle in town though quality consistency remains an issue. I've had Beef Noodle bowls that have been excellent and other times with the soup lukewarm and and an obviously diluted broth. Reading some other reviews, I just want to clarify for others: XLB = Xiao Long Bao, which are basically small dumplings with soup inside them and are very good. They're usually a bit small and eating them will give you the dumpling skin, meat and soup all in one bite. Service is good, and it's a small, tight knit group every time. Food does take a while though especially if it's busy. I've had waits from 20-30 minutes easily, so if you're in a hurry, call early.Finally, a cool tip to share: something that's not well known is that they have a Lunch program for working Chinese people. People at Intel for example, have a person that gets a Bian Dang (Lunchbox) order from a bunch of people and drives over to Chou's Kitchen. They pick up all the lunchboxes and bring them to Intel to split to the workers. This is for people that really love their Chinese lunchboxes and I'm pretty sure they could serve one to you if you asked for it. I don't know how much it costs but it definitely exists.Overall, this place while excellent for Arizona, if you're comparing to the real good stuff in Taiwan or China, it'll be more average for you.
5	I am home sick for few weeks and found this place like heaven. The most comforting stuff is their dumpling and a motherly figure chef handmade in front of you... Great place for good food, good price and friendly environment. Must try if you are a Chinese or you fancy Chinese food. :D
3	This restaurant has good food, but is very loud. The staff talks loud. I have had better food and much better service, our waiter was new so it was okay that he got my dish wrong. He gave me shrimp chop suet but the shrimp tasted freezer burnt and was very dry, I had ordered pork.
4	Really enjoyed this little place, especially the shrimp fried rice and scallion pancakes. Can't wait to go back and try the dumplings (they were out last time).  It seems to be a well kept secret that is getting out. By the time we left, there was quite a wait to sit.
2	And what were the food critics of Travel & Leisure smoking when they voted Chou's "Best Chinese Restaurants in the US"? We've been hearing about this place for a year or so, everyone "RAVES" about the food. We finally read about it in the Travel & Leisure and gave it a shot today for lunch at 12:15 PM. Coming from NYC and dining at the best tiny holes in the wall, our expectations were high especially based on previous reviews read.Customer service was very friendly, though a bit slow. Now onto the food review, I knew we were in trouble when I ordered hot tea and I opened the lid to see if the tea was ready and it was a tea bag instead of tea leaves, additionally the water that was delivered to the table had a horrible taste to it. We order:-  Hot and sour soup for 2, may have been the best part of our lunch, good, but didn't pack a punch on either spicy or sour.-  Beef Pies, what's all the hype, took a bite and got a mouthful of greasy juice, ground up mystery meat which was wrapped in a fried pancake.- Steamed dumplings with pork and napa cabbage, again OK, these may have been the best choice out of all the dumplings, they came out hot and were OK tasting.- Fried pork buns, horrible, doughy and the filling had no taste.- Orange Chicken, OK tasting, a little heavy on the batter and was not orange tasting enough.All in all not a repeat visit in our book and certainly not a Travel & Leisure's "Best Chinese Restaurants in the US" vote from us.
4	I hope being named one of Travel & Leisure's best Chinese food restaurant in the country doesn't ruin the place.  i.e. I hope that folks don't flock there and then the kitchen gets lazy.  Right now, it's a great mom and pop, hole in the wall, blink and you miss it place with tasty non-typical Chinese fare.The food here is dongbei which translates to "East/North".  ie. this is the style of food you get in the Northernmost Easternmost regions of China.  No rice here.  You will find cumin on lamb, wheat buns stuffed with minced meat and a delicious cold noodle dish that is the most refreshing salad you'll find in all of China. (The Cantonese aren't exactly known for their salads after all)  The food is going to be assertive. The main dipping sauce is black vinegar after all.  Not a lot of veggies on the menu which could be difficult for your vegetarian friends, but for those who love pot stickers, they make great ones.  The food is dirt cheap, bring a mess of friends and grab a formica table.  Between this place, China Magic Noodle House and Hong Kong Gourmet, I can actually be tempted outside my 10 mile (Phoenix) radius from time to time.Bonus:  They actually seem friendlier than most Chinese restauranteurs.  (Again, who knows what it'll be like after the publicity)
2	I was pretty disappointed with food.  I was guilty of believing the hype off of Yelp reviews.  I was looking forward to more big city, Cantonese or Shanghai style place.  It is not.  More of a comfort food sort of presentation.  We ate this fresh veggie salad with home made noodles.  It had a strange after taste that I could not determine the ingredient.  The flat beef dumpling was a little tasteless.  The stir fried green beans was decent.  The regular dumplings were average.  The strange taste from the veggie was the deal breaker.  The service was fast and nice.  This place needs to make adjustments.
4	This is  some of the best chinese food in  the east valley. Everything is so fresh here, The ladies behind the counter and waitressing are always super sweet. It's tiny and it doesn't look like much but if you like dumplings this is your place.
5	Good chinese food is hard to find in AZ. This place us legit!!! This is coming from a chinese east coaster. The beef stew noodles in soup is tasty. Gotta try the beef pies, they are awesome! The green onion pancakes are pretty good too.
5	This is a small, no frills, family run restaurant tucked away in a strip mall in Chandler. But the food is impressive! We were on the hunt for really good potstickers and this is now our favorite. The menu is extensive, from the potstickers to the delicious meat pies, yummy noodle dishes to stir fry, mild to spicy. And most of the time they can modify the dish to your liking. The food served here is from the northeastern China region and is called Dongbei. The best part of the whole Chou's experience is the attention to detail and quality of food. Everyone is treated as family and you can feel it when you walk in. If you're hungry for great Asian food, try it today.
2	I had to see what all the hype is about this place. When you walk in a Chinese restaurant and see only a few Asians, it does mean something.....Just wondering what the Travel & Leisure were thinking when they were voted "Best Chinese Restaurant in the US" (Say what??.....)- As soon as we walked in we were seated immediately.  (+5 points)- No welcome, no smile (-1 point)- After our order was taken, a flour soup was brought to us (+5 points)- A few minutes later, still waited for our drinks which was just water (-2 points)- Our order came in a timely manner (+5 points)- Still waited for our water (-3 points)- The pork & shrimp dumpling had a LOT of green onions (-2 points)- Had to ask for utensils. Don't assume because I'm Asian, that I know how to use chopsticks. I saw that  non Asian customers were given a forks & spoons. (-2 points) - The food was a little above average. I have had better. (+3 points)- Price was ok.  (+2 points)- My water never came. I could have asked, but I wanted to see how attentive the service was. (-8 points)Total tally  - +2 points. The Best ...Really?
4	Having lived in SF and growing up in Chicago I don't know how Travel & Leisure came up with it being the "Best Chinese Restaurant in the US", but the food is definitely tasty.  Having so many dumpling choices though is definitely unique.  Our favorite is the beef pies.  It's almost like a flat xoa loa bow, because when you bite into it all this delicious juice is released.  We've been there twice and never found them to be greasy as one reviewer described.  The pot stickers and pork dumplings were also good although we prefer a thinner, less doughy wrapping.  Had a few of the other items on the menu and were not disappointed.  The place is tiny and can get crowded rather quickly.  The service can be less than stellar and they can get orders mixed up when they're really busy.  If you can overlook all of that, you won't be disappointed.
4	This little Chinese Restaurant is a great example of why there are almost 41,000 Chinese Restaurants in the U. S. (Chinese Restaurant News). That is more locations than McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's and Taco Bell COMBINED! You can't please everyone!In four visits I have been pleased by each and am now a "Regular." The most pleasing of their dishes that I have tried are:              Cold Spicy Noodles and Cucumbers -  BEST Noodle Dish I have EVER               had! Almost addictive!              Dumplings of Any Kind - (Ask for "Soup Dumplings" - XLB = Xiao Long               Bao, NOT on the menu but THE BEST!)              Chicken Fried Rice- FABULOUS!              Orange Chicken -  consider putting it over that Fried Rice.             Beef or Pork Pies - A bit disappointing, given the hype, but Good             Pot Stickers - Not as well done as I like, but GOOD!) I was disappointed in the Chive or Green Onion Pancakes, but others rave about them.A gem of a find to be certain!
5	My search for a good Chinese restaurant has ended with the Best Chinese restaurant. I was very excited to see the place almost packed with Asians; that is a good sign. We immediately ordered the beef pies and the pork & Napa cabbage dumplings. You know these are made fresh because you can see them making them through a glass window and they don't arrive at the table right away like at other places. The beef is lightly seasoned and is great when you add the vinegar or hot sauce on the table. The kung pao and mongolian beef dishes were excellent. Fresh vegetables and stir fried tender beef and chicken are the stars. They are not drowning in sickly, sweet sauces like you would find at other Chinese restaurants. I also liked the chicken and mushrooms, mainly for the broth, but this wasn't my favorite, maybe because it was all brown and you have to fuss with the small chicken bones.Overall, very nice. Finally, I can agree with the Best of Phoenix, and Travel & Leisure was spot on with their assessment.
4	Great stuff!! Buns were exceptional...very fresh. Watch dumplings being made while you wait. Two thumbs up only down side is bare bones atmosphere and no liquor license otherwise it's fantastic.
1	I am writing this review for the benefit of vegeterians.I have been to this place twice.The menu card says stir fry egg plant and the item comes with minced pork.Second time, I repeatedly told them not to add egg/meat/pork/chicken/shrimp.half way through eating it, I had meat piece on my spoon.The food might taste well, but this is not the place for vegeterians. I will never go back to this place.
5	This review for their highly ethnic Chinese dumpling only.This type food  is prominently served in the North-Eastern part of China. Their version is the exact replica as it is served in China. I personally like it; However, some may find it  "blend," each to their own.The place is small, a hole in the wall, Mom and pop set up.  The atmosphere is more like a large family gathering where most people know each other, Formal service; like waiter and waitress pampering you with attention is lacking. This is not a place you would want to impress your date. However, If you like ethnic specialty food. This is the place.
5	Yelp was spot on with this lovely little place.  The food is very authentic and fresh.  The vegetable dishes and noodles were first class.
5	I am an Asian myself and very picky about Chinese food.  This place definitely earns my vote for being my favor place for Northern Style Chinese food.  Love the dumpling, pancakes, desert dishes and etc.  They do offer some "southern" style Chinese food which I am NOT very fond about.  The owner is always very nice to me and my family.  We go there often and always have a great dinner there.
4	Chou's was real authentic Chinese.  My friend Lee and I tried 6 or more dishes, which was probably enough food for four, but we were on a mission to see what this place was all about.  They actually moved us from a two-top to a four-top because we had so much food coming.  The dumplings with soup in them were great.  The beef patty wrapped in dumpling shell was very good too.  We also had the eggplant with garlic sauce (spot on) and the Cumin Lamb, which was really different for a Chinese place, but also crazy good.  The only dish that wasn't amazing was the Kung Pao Chicken.
2	Delicious meal, terrific rice... really too bad we both had intestinal backlash when we returned home. Had to use pepto b. Ugh!
5	I have always been one of those guys that doesn't get Chinese food, because I feel like everything I find is Americanized, bland, and boring. Luckily, the group from PHXFoodNerds reported about Chou's Kitchen, and I decided to take a trip and see what Dongbei style, Northeastern Chinese food was like. I'm so glad I did!Regional specialties like flat, clear, green bean noodles, crispy beef pies, stewed pork neck bones, spicy tiger salad and some of the best vegetable dishes I've ever had are on offer at Chou's. It's no wonder that this amazing regional menu that has caught on in local media and even recently garnered praise from Travel and Leisure Magazine as one of the best Chinese restaurants in the U.S! Chou's Kitchen is a true find in Arizona, and well worth a visit
4	Super northern-Chinese food!If you're a fan of spicy and heartier Chinese food, this place has you covered.  It really is excellent and I'd easily give it five stars if the service was a bit quicker, there were more drink options than soda, and there were a dessert or two to select from.Hot and Sour Soup is some of the best in the Valley, and the folks here do authentic bun and dumpling options under the Handmade Appetizers section of the menu.  The spicy dishes are actually spicy, which rocks.  And the noodle and duck dishes we had were pretty good.Was cool to see Chinese families eating, hanging out, and conversing with the restaraunt staff.  Reminded me of the tone and feel of places in Taiwan when growing up.  Staff is also nice...
4	Visited 6/15/13A little hole in the wall that I wish were closer to home!!  The menu offers a nice selection of what I would consider more authentic food. Not what I would consider the typical "Americanized" dishes. Ordered the Green Onion Pancakes and Steamed Pork Dumplings.  Both were very good. We found the pancakes to be a little light in flavor. But when I ate them with my main dish, it made a nice balance. I had the Cumin Lamb.  Very tasty with a nice spice.  Was very rich in flavor which filled me very quickly.  Again, the pancakes when nicely with this dish.  Girlfriend had the Stir-Fry Pork Neck Bones.  A large plate of falling off the bone pork bones.  This dish really needed some vegetables to balance the heavy flavor and fill of the pork bones.  You do have to work to get the meat off the bone a little. Small bones with small meat, but it was worth the taste. I was most impressed with the Handmade Appetizer menu.  There were many things that I want to try from this list. I could probably make a meal just from this part of the menu.  I would also like to try the different soups. Overall, this is a very good Chinese restaurant. Although they do offer the more typical selections, try something a little different!!
5	Best Chinese food in the East Valley! Having visited China multiple times, this place is on point with their food. Will go back time and time again.
4	Me and my friends rarely like chinese food in phoenix but I believe we have a winner. The first sign that a place is authentic is when you see many natives eat there and most importantly when a cop walks in. We admittedly went bonkers but tried a whole bunch of stuff- the egg pocket, pork dumplings, lamb and chicken skewer , cumin lamb, fish hot pot in chili oil, schezwan chicken, spinach and garlic, potatoes eggplant and jalapeno. (As the waitress fondly exclaimed.."you guys are crazy!"). We liked all the dishes and loved specifically the fish hot pot in chili oil. Please stop by and try it for tasty, affordable and a culinary delight.
4	This place is another gem of mine when I need my Asian food fixture. I love their thick green onion pancake since they make it crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Highly recommend grabbing the   green onion pancake as an appetizer. Their beef bun is also delicious the way they stuff it and pan fry the bun- another must try. I also tried their beef noodle soup which I wasn't very impressed by. I like to think you can gauge how good a Chinese restaurant is based on their beef noodle soup since it the bread-and-butter of most Chinese restaurants. However I think where Chou's kitchen shines is in their handmade buns and dumplings.
5	I had given up on ever finding great Chinese food in Arizona. Chous is not only the greatest in the state, but I would venture to say the best I've ever had anywhere!  Seriously!  Their beef pies are the best, every time we go (which is pretty often now) we get beef pies and some kind of eggplant dish-- either the eggplant, potato and jalapeno or eggplant in brown sauce. Other favorites on the menu are beef friend rice, any of the pies or dumplings, and beef noodles. You can't go wrong with ANYTHING you order, even the fish is great.This place has become our new favorite, not just favorite Chinese but one of our all time favorite restaurants.
5	As authentic as it gets, food wise, for a Chinese restaurant.  Everything is made fresh to order, the appetizers were delicious, as was everything else we had.  Don't let the outside scare you away, it's located in an older strip mall, the place is small and family owned.  For two people, we had 2 appetizers,  a "small" bowl of Won Ton soup that I thought would be just enough for one person but could have fed four, and two entrees, our bill came to $36. The menu isn't your typical Chinese restaurant menu, what with pig intestines, pig stomach, pig ears, etc...but it also has familiar dishes like Kung Pao Chicken, Mongolian Beef, etc...  I read some of the other reviews to figure what to order and we had the Beef Pies and Dumpling Appetizers to start, the Won Ton soup, Mongolian Beef, and Szechwan Chicken.  It all was delicious.  Surprised to see there were no egg rolls or spring rolls on the menu but they weren't missed.  The only thing I would change is get rid of the glasses of tap water and replace it with a pot of tea.  I give them 5 stars for the food, the decor could use an upgrade.
5	Juicy dumplings are very good. Like in Monterey Park good home made dumplings.
3	I really really really wanted to love this place.Almost all Asian customers.  The waitress was the nicest waitress I have ever encountered.  I had the eggplant and potatoes with jalapeno.  Only I asked for just a tiny bit of jalapenos because I am a wimp.  The waitress misunderstood our discussion and substituted green pepper for the jalapeno and I don't like green pepper.  The food was super greasy and almost flavorless.  :(Won't be back.
4	Got my Chinese food fixed here and its on my list for every time I come to Phoenix , Need I say more?
4	There's no doubt that the beef buns and green onion pancakes are really good.  The shrimp fried rice and orange chicken were good not great.  It's just a small strip mall chinese joint, nothing fancy.  A humble hole in the wall with tasty food and a pleasant staff.  Will be back.
5	Chou's offers the best Chinese food in Arizona, hands down.Granted, that sounds like a back-handed compliment such as "the tallest building in Fresno" or "the best song by Nickleback," but the food is truly outstanding. The Phoenix area now offers several good Asian eateries and Chou's is at the top of the pack.On our first visit, we had the potstickers, Kung Pao Chicken and Green Beans with Pork. Holy [fill in the blank] were they amazing. The owners were great too, offering great conversation, advice and lightning-fast service. Most Chinese food in town is really lousy. A few restaurants are acceptable in a pinch. But I would be proud to bring guests from any city to Chou's and they would love every bite.
1	The one star is for hot food and relatively good service.  After seeing the review in Travel and Leisure and the favorable reviews on this site AND the fact that it is located in Chandler, we ran over tonight.  Ordered the scallion pancake--where were the scallions?  Ordered the beloved beef pies and pork dumplings--eh, so, so. Ordered the eggplant, jalepeno, and potato dish, spicy szechuan chicken, and beef stir fry noodles.  Without exception, each dish was bland and greasy and tasted pretty much the same.  The table was sticky.  One of the best Chinese restaurants in the country--I don't think so!  What a waste of calories and time!!
3	Different and authentic food that is worth a try. You might like it. Some of the offerings on the menu do not tickle my taste buds and I recognize many Chinese restaurants have "Americanized" their menus to attract the general populace. Service is outstanding. Menu has a wide variety of selections. Atmosphere is busy with a background of much Chinese being spoken. Tried the beef pie. Too bland for me. Tried the chicken noodle dish... ok, but also a little bland. I had to thoroughly douse it with chili sauce. Susan had the broccoli beef and enjoyed. This was our second visit. Maybe we need to try something else on the menu. Will probably think twice before returning. Maybe we just have to recognize that we really like the "Americanized" versions of Chinese food.
3	Ordered the Mongolian beef and pot stickers.... The Mongolian beef much like at 99% of all Chinese restaurants says its spicy but its no where near spicy.. More salty then spicy for sure, but still tasty......The pot stickers along with all the other appetizers are handmade and delicious! They have a little station in where the apps are handmade right in front of ya.. Pot stickers were delicious.Service was on par..... Kept my water glass filled and checked me out quickly.
4	When eating on a T&L rated restaurant, sometimes the expectations will get in the way of the eating experience that one forgets enjoyment on the eating itself, but alas I find that not to be overbearingly true with Chou's Kitchen.So I walked in on this hole in the wall Chinese restaurant and there's this plain interior with cramped booth and tables, was promptly greeted, seated, and served water in those 70's hard plastic glass with a straw, then after looking at the menu, my order was taken and written on (get this) Chinese characters. I waited and all the time salivated as I could hear the clanging of pots and pans and could smell the distinctly Chinese aroma of spices and seasonings from the back kitchen, with the cooks seemingly enjoying a chat as well. Then my appetizer of beef pie arrived, handwrapped and I would admit greasy, so I had to kind-a dry them with a paper napkin, but here's the good part, the beef filling was so flavorful I had to take a moment to really ignore the fat and the juices. For the main course, the stir fry chicken with garlic souce blew my mind, and made me an even ardent believer that there were really nuances in regional cooking, NorthEastern it is, while having them with rice, just a fine balance of spicy and plain flavors in the palate.So what is the value of experience over expectations you may ask - it is that I really feel I am eating amazing Chinese food prepared by masterful Chinese cook on this gem of a place.
4	Fantastic dumplings. Tried ones with pork and napa cabbage and steamed juicy pork. -1 star as one other time my favorite Shao Long Bao were served to me without soup inside (the key differentiation for "juicy") and she didn't really care when i complained (no replacement, reimbursement nor anything)
5	The soup dumplings here are amazing.We got some other stuff that was pretty good but I wish I had gotten at least 3 orders of the soup dumplings instead.I saw them work on the dough so it seems as fresh as you can get.
4	very interesting:) but thats what i love about Chinese people and the way they run business! i lived in china for a couple years and this place brings me back. awesome service even though the whole family and my server was eating at the same time i was there. you can tell this family has close relationships and they prob eat here 3 times a day when it's not busy. also love how they enjoyed each other's company while laughing and talking with their mouths full! lol. you can tell they love the food they make and they put a lot of love into it.the place is your normal traditional Chinese decor with lots of red making the place very lucky! each table is equipped with the must have SRIRACHA! you don't need to ask for chopsticks cause every table has a box full of them. these people are smart! everything is great!i tried the steamed dumplings(pork) 7 dollars for mostly all the items on the menu.it was a good portion, but i could have ate 4 more or so... left kinda still hungryThe Dumplings were amazing, and this place is within walking distance from my house!i will definitely come back.
4	Found a very good chinese restaraunt in Chandler of all places. My order consisted of beef pies, mongolian beef, tofu, & steamed dumplings. All were good......favorite would be the meat pies. The place itself is small so get here early for dinner as it gets packed in the weekend.
5	Chou's Kitchen is a different place to eat.Only good handmade food that pleasures the palate, inteligence and pocketbook.Again, TIGER salad is a necessity for me but this time accompanied by: sweet n sour soup, eggplant n potatoes, pork steam dumpling, egg n leek turnover's and tea to finish!Nice..., hope you like it too!
2	Decided to try this place based on the positive yelp reviews.  All in all the trip was a disappointment.  Our food was mediocre at best; my wife's dish was smothered in peppercorn to the point where she was crunching through the whole thing, completely inedible.  We ordered the skewers of lamb that came unseasoned and very sinewy...  lastly the pan fried buns were like McDonald's hamburgers inside of a bun so much grease that the crispy buns were completely soggy and the grease just poured out onto the plate.Lastly the staff was very unresponsive.  They were sitting in the kitchen in plain sight yet my drink was constantly empty and I couldn't seem to get them interested in coming over.The only upside was that there Mongolian beef was quite good and the menu offered quite a bit of selection but it will not be enough to warrant a return visit.
2	I might try again, The beef cakes were just ok for me. The service wasnt very friendly.
4	Love everything about this northern Chinese fare.   Looks like a hole in the wall but don't be fooled - hand stretch noodles, fresh dumplings and pastry/dough dishes, and amazing non traditional dishes you'll want to come back to try the entire menu
1	I was really looking forward to eating here based on all the reviews. But my husband and I were really disapointed. The food was just okay. The oft raved about dumplings were so greasy we could hardly eat them. We tried a wide variety of food, but nothing really wowed us.   I forgot to add that while we were sitting there a cockroach ran across the floor. O.o
5	Wow! Really affordable and amazing food. Great service. I was really really impressed. I'll be back!
4	Good dumplings and the beef pies. Dough made from scratch makes all the difference and the flavor is good too. The lions head meatballs were too fried and dry for my liking but the flavor was pretty good. Server was friendly and you gotta love the millet porridge they serve when you first sit down.
5	Best Chinese food in the Valley!  I love their beef pies and usually get those first. I also think their beef in chili oil is delicious.   Another great one is Cumin Beef. Owner is extremely nice and always welcoming. Ive never been to China but Ive been told this is authentic northern Chinese food.
1	It's really a poo. We've waited more than 1 HOUR to order, and the food is disgusting. After then, we are forced to add tips!!! I wonder how this restaurant can exist so long time and receive so many positive feedbacks. It's totally a joke.
1	This place is getting worse and worse. Don't spend a penny here. Esp today's foods are worst. Every xiao long bao in plate are tear apart when they came out. Other pot is also crappy. I have liked this place like more than 3 yrs, but this is it. This will be the last time.
5	LOVE this restaurant. So many tasty choices! Best northern chinese food in AZ. I feel so happy to go here.
4	Good Chinese.  If you are a whitey like me, ask for it Chinese style and you will get a much better version of what is on the menu!  Obviously, try the many homemade dumplings.
4	This is one of the most interesting and tasty Chinese food experiences in the valley.  The cuisine originates for a different region of China where there is less rice, so the menu is chock full of noodles, soups and dumplings.  If you're tired of the standard Americanized Chinese over white-rice fare, this is the place for you.The food is delicious, fresh and very unique.  I would recommend all of the meat pies and dumplings on the menu.  I also enjoy the meatball and cabbage dish.
3	Found out about this place just last night (thanks fellow Yelpers,) and "man" do they have a thriving business!  If you're looking for a dining experience, this isn't the place. It's small.  A hole in the wall?  More life half a hole in the wall.  I went to get take-out and had a heck of a time not getting in the personal space of seated patrons - though everyone seemed happy and content. Feeling too close for comfort I made a hasty order of sweet and sour soup and Mongolian Beef due to the photos here on Yelp.  Just "so-so" on both.  What I should have done was taken the menu and stepped outside to see the full line-up.  After looking it over at home, I feel I got cheated (cheated myself) out of an "experience."  Yep, I'm going back!
2	I was really excited about eating here since I read so many great reviews here on Yelp about the place, but after going there, I would have to that I am disappointed and there's nothing great about the food that would make me want to come back again.  The service was really lousy.  We were the only family here eating and it was so slow, they didn't refill our drinks, and it seemed like they forgot there was even a family that had ordered.  The family or workers were just like hanging out and we were hungry.We know what good Chinese food is because we are Chinese, immigrated and first generation here and have had plenty of authentic, delicious Chinese food.  Being that I thought this was northern Chinese food, I would say it doesn't even come close to tasting anything like that in the Silicon Valley or Southern CA area.I've been longing for a place that has good Northern Chinese food, but the restaurants we used to go to, a couple in the valley, went out of business.  So, right now, the only place to possibly satisfy my northern food taste is to go to CA or maybe to Las Vegas.I guess I also didn't expect great service being that it was Chinese catering to Chinese, but even for me, is was below subpar.  The food and service isn't enough for me to come back again.
5	What can I say about Chou's that hasn't been said already? The only good authentic Chinese food in the Chandler area. I come from the San Gabriel Valley where good Chinese food is on every street corner. Chou's is still one of the better places I've tried. Get the pork pies (beef is a little less juicy but still good), beef noodle soup, dumplings (pro tip: you can get frozen ones for home. Fill a medium pot halfway with cold water, put in frozen dumplings, bring to a boil, put a large mug of cold water in, wait for it to boil again and they are done), lamb skewers, and water boiled beef/fish (extremely spicy). If you're tired of eating Kung pao chicken and beef and broccoli all the time, stop by here. You'll be pleasantly surprised.
4	HEY YALL...because I have nothing to compare this spot with i think it's important to play it safe with 4 stars. I don't want YALL to think oooooo AP was way off the mark..anywho. . What I like best about this place was the variety of appetizers quantity that was small enough to order several of them and also the fact that they didn't I'll come out at the same time they give you time to enjoy what you have and then they bring out the rest one by one. This was the first time that I've ever had soup dumplings yeah yeah yeah I was in New York for a little while and never had the soup dumplings so I have nothing to compare them with but these right here were delicious ( tip you have to eat them while they're hot ) . I also had the sticky buns not what I'm used to they pan fry them also the taste was okay the meat inside was pork and very tasty but so little was given as far as the stuffing and goes. Lastly I tried the scallion pancakes and I wish I hadn't I know it was my first time trying these but I'm sure they're supposed to taste like something. Oh yeah I also ordered the beef meat pies the people have been raving about unfortunately I didn't get the opportunity to try them because they were raw in the inside lucky for me I always open up inspect my food before I eat it. Will I come back again maybe..... Oh yeah I remember you guys my 4 rating its for the soup dumpling and the wonderful customer service.
5	Excellent! Recently moved to Phoenix from Philadelphia. I can't remember tasting anything this delicious before and that says a lot coming from an area robust in Asian cuisine. I picked up the family tofu, beef buns, and pork dumplings. All amazing.
5	Always my favorite place. Come here almost every week. Their food is real north china Chinese food. Same as my hometown flavor. The service is great. The stir fry pork neck bones and minced pork with vermicelli are my most favorite :)
5	Best Chinese Food I've had in Arizona to date.  Actually reminded me of a place I eat at in San Francisco.  Thanks to yelp I happened upon this place.  I'd been by and around this place for quite a while but because of it being in a strip mall down from the American Legion Post I just never thought to try it.  It did always smell good however.Ok so after reading the reviews I took my wife there since we both love trying new restaurants and food.  The service was very good, quick and informative.  I tried to order the LARGE Hot and Sour soup and she said the small was enough.  Was it ever.  More than enough for two and delicious.  It wasn't as spicy as I'd normally like but the freshness and flavor were spot on.  A little pepper and chili oil and I was in heaven.We ordered the eggplant with minced pork and garlic sauce, house fried noodles which have shrimp, pork, chicken and beef and pork dumplings.  This along with the soup was like 33-34 which is very reasonable and we enjoyed absolutely everything.  Fresh Fresh Fresh.We ordered take out and drove out of our way to pick up and it was just as good.  FYI since the noodles are homemade they can get sticky if you don't eat them right away.
4	I often come to this place with my Chinese friends. Foods are great! But sanitation is somehow scary. I can literally see the insects hanging on the table. Other than that this place is good!
3	If your idea of Chinese is Panda Express, PF Chang's, or Pei Wei, you should understand that what you're eating is white people recipes made by Mexican cooks. Which, don't get me wrong, is great on a day I want sugar-glazed orange chicken and fortune cookies, but "authentic" Chinese food are usually on the more outlandish side of things to the American palate. If you like noodles that look like intestines and intestines that look like jellyfish and jellyfish that look like pancreas, and you like your beef dry and slightly sour and a hot and sour soup that's actually hot and sour, this is down your alley.It's a breath of fresh air to have food that tastes more like what, literally, mom used to make at home. The meat pies, dumplings, noodles, and soups are all pretty great. They have some dishes like spicy chicken but you don't really grab a big bowl of rice with chicken and beef with northern Chinese cuisine.That being said, service is like a '90s website: slow and unresponsive. Also, the attention they paid to the decor is about what you'd expect in a warehouse.
4	Made-from-scratch beef pies and pork pies are amazing! The dumplings and garlic eggplant with pork were also very good. The noodle dishes were okay but are not the main attraction. Food prices are very affordable. This place is great to head to with a group of 3-4 so you can all try a little of everything. The orders of 3 pies can be increased to orders of 4, just don't be afraid to ask if desired. Service typically leaves something to be desired but you're there for the food. It's worth driving out of your way to head here. I've been here twice and will be back again soon.
4	Best Chinese in the city. Everything on the menu is amazing. Very fresh and friendly staff
1	First of all, i have to admit the food is really good there. The problem is the old-lady waitress. Her poker face looks like i owe her money, but that's not the problem. She changed our table and took our dishes to another one even without asking our permission, and her words were just like an order rather than negotiation. Anyway, again, fabulous food but horrible service if you're "lucky" enough to meet that waitress.
5	I come here all the time. My favorite is the pork and Napa cabbage dumplings. The employees are friendly, funny, and so polite. They hnd make dumplings before your eyes at the front display counter. I can't go anywhere else now when I want Chinese. Fresh, delicious and always wonderful!!
2	I enjoy Dim Sum, but what I enjoy most about Dim Sum is the soup dumplings, or xiao long bao.  So, my review of this place is base purely upon the quality of their pork soup dumplings, and their scallion pancakes.I'm from Philly where we have Dim Sum Garden, home to the best pork soup dumplings ever created: slurpy hot soup in moist delicious sacs with a morsel of pork in the center. Chou's  dumplings had good taste, but their skin was wet and soggy.  There was not soup to slurp from them -this I consider to be a deal breaker.  Be that as it may the worst part of the meal was the scallion pancakes, or green onion pancakes-however you call it- they were horrible.  They weren't crispy and flakey but doughy and tasteless.  This is why I'm so amazed it has gotten such great reviews, but then again, I was only judging this place on said items.  Maybe they have much better stuff?  Anyways  almost every restaurant in phoenix has 4 stars.
5	Have been searching for great Chinese food since we left the east coast......  2.5 years later we have found Chou's Kitchen.... #foodbliss
5	One of best Chinese food I have in US - I have lived in Denver, San Diego and LA.Don't miss their dumpling, Green onion pancakes, Pan Fried Chives and Egg Pockets.
5	This place is amazing! The pan friend buns, pork dumplings and house noodles were incredible! The people who work here are sweet and humble and take great pride in their product. Ask for the special sauce for the dumplings, it takes them to the next level!
3	Authentically tasting, inexpensive Chinese food amongst a humble collection of restaurant and stores. We ordered the steamed pork dumplings and chicken stir fry noodles. Food: 4 Stars. I thought the pork dumpling flavors were excellent. The moist and chewy wrapping conceals the steamy tender pork that is spiced just right. They are quite hot, so use caution before biting into the dough. The noodles were also quite delicious and easily deemed "Asian comfort food." They were somewhat greasy, with that stick to your bones consistency. The noodles are dense and best shared by at least two people. Ambiance/Service: 2 Stars. Maybe it was just this particular occasion, but I did not feel very comfortable sitting in the restaurant. Here's why: we were positioned at a booth near the wall, where one side was padded and the other was a wooden bench. It was fine enough, but then, through the padded side, you could feel every wiggle and squirm from the people in the booth behind us. At one point, I found myself battling against them to keep my back support in a normal upright position! Meanwhile, my wife ordered a coke (served in a can) and I had water. Neither were refilled nor did we see the servers very much to even ask. These aren't deal breakers, but a little added attention would have done wonders for the evening. Overall, I like what I tasted and would be willing to come back and try out more from the menu.
5	Most authentic chinese restaurant in Phoenix. I was spoiled living in NYC and is thankful to have found this place. The food isn't fancy chinese but is very home style.
4	We love this place!  Such authentic, homey cooking.  The mustard greens soup especially reminds me of my mom's cooking.  The dumplings are yummy, especially the pot stickers and pork dumplings.  I also love the hot and sour soup.  Don't expect too much in terms of the decor (the booths do feel like they're falling apart), but you don't go here to look around.  You go here to eat!  And for such reasonable prices and wholesome food, I think it's easy to overlook any flaws.
4	The food here is rather decent Northern Chinese style. Their beef/pork pancake, fried leek dumplings are quite authentic as I originally was from that part of the region in China. Service are exceptional from the manager if you happen to speak mandarin. Decent portion and reasonable price. We almost visit them once a week even I live in Glendale which is around 1 hour's drive to Tempe.
5	Sunny was so friendly and the food was beyond wonderful. It's worth the drive from N. Phoenix to Chandler. Clay pot was divine and I had leftovers for 2 days.
4	Small place with marginal service but good food.Had the Hot and Sour Soup. Not too hot or too sour. Steamed dumplings. The filling was pork and bok choy. It was very light and tasty.House Special Noodles.  Good flavor and large portion. Could have put in a couple more shrimp. But good food overall and reasonably priced. We will be back.Andrew S is right on the money with his review. We sat in the exact same booth. Also ordered a Coke and with the second one had to ask for more ice.  What is it with Chinese places and ice?My wife ordered a diet coke and got diet Pepsi.  Not the same thing.
5	I've lived in China, and this place is totally legit. It's always filled with native Chinese people, so you know it's good. The owners are very friendly and the food is very delicious.
1	This place just had 6 health code violations this past week...made the dirty dining list.  One item was a filthy soda machine....will be removing this place off my list!  Check it out on Dirty Dining Channel 5 in AZ.
1	Maybe it's because I live in places with really good chinese food (CA), but damn this place is terrible. Every dish I ordered was way too oily and bland. I even waited for my noodles for 15-20 min and when I finally asked where it is, they forgot I even ordered it. Lesson learned: take yelp reviews w/ a grain of salt.
4	Almost a weekly visit for me, this place is amazing.  I have yet to explore the menu as I am fixated on a few items and always have been.  Spicy Cold Cucumber Noodles and the famous Soup Dumplings (Xiaolongbao)I have made both of these at home, and while I am pretty close on the noodles, the soup dumplings, aside from being a day long affair to make, are still a mystery to me.  These guys have it down pat!  See you next week!
4	Great food a decent price.  Made from scratch in front of you with a smile.  The green onion pancakes are awesome!  We'll be back!
4	Alright Yelpers... you got my back.  I'm constantly on the lookout for legit Chinese cuisine in the AZ and you've yet to disappoint.  I brought the little one in hopes that it will cultrify her in the ways of the Chinese.  Also anything specializing in Northern Chinese cuisine in AZ was worth a try.On first glance, it looked like a hole in the wall in a nondescript plaza.  Stepping in, I saw a lot of Chines people dining and that's always a good sign in the pursuit of authentic Chinese cuisine.  The waitress spoke minimal English and scored some major brownie points telling the little one how pretty she was.  The little princess preened.  Upon perusing the menu and from what I knew of Northern Chinese cuisine, I ordered accordingly.Here's the breakdown:Beef PiesDumplings with Pork and Napa CabbageSpicy Pig Intestine Stir FrySoup DumplingsBeef Pies - 4/5What can I say?  I love me a good beefcake harhar~  This was legit like my grandmam used to make for me and pan fried goodness.  My only complaint is that the price to portion ratio is a little over the top.  Plus, it could've really used some scallions in the mixture to give it a deeper flavor profile.  Then again, I'm biased cuz my grandmam was the sh*t when it came to making these babies.Dumplings with Pork and Napa Cabbage - 3.5/5Okay... don't shoot.  I must say that the dough wrappers are definitely handmade from scratch and just the right consistency and texture.  These babies are cooked to perfection.  My problem lies in the filling being... well... bland.  Granted, Napa tends to play second fiddle to any protein, but it shouldn't be lost to the point where I'm like... is there even any Napa in here?  The dumplings really called for a strong sauce condiment, and I found myself craving the garlic chili soy sauce I make for myself at home...  yea... definitely needed that homemade crack sauce.  Who knows, I find myself wishing I had ordered the potstickers instead.Spicy Pig Intestine Stir Fry - 5/5Oh chitterlings... how I love thee... this was cooked so good.  If you like this sort of thing, this is a must order dish.  I bet all the other house specialties are as good as this one though... Will update once I've tried others.Soup Dumplings - 5/5Again, if you are looking for Din Tai Fung quality, go to Din Tai Fung.  For Northern Chinese cuisine, the skin on these babies were perfectly rolled and molded... and I have to admit... the filling was more flavorful then the actual Dumplings with Napa Cabbage I had ordered.  And this is a pure pork mixture.  Definitely a must-get.  Yum.Overall, I'd come back to this joint and try out more of the other authentic dishes.  If you like legit Chinese food, this is a real treat.  Northern Chinese cuisine: noodles and dumplings.  That's their specialty so treat your taste buds special and get some.Rating:Service - 4/5Price - 3/5Food - 4.5/5
3	I've been here a few times before but this time the dish I ordered was not made how I remembered. The soybean paste noodles just tasted weird overall. I had to mask the flavor with some spicy chicken dish. :/ For a night where I was hungry and tired, I ended with disappointment. On the upside, my prior dining experiences I've ordered the meatball and glass noodles clay pot, green scallion pancake, and beef buns.
3	I loved the spicy chicken .... You MUST try IT!!!!   Juicy pork dumpling tasted little weird to me (bit too sweet )The server were friendly but I felt like they were rushing  . Overall, it was ok !!!
3	OK, from the Yelp Reviews, I would've tried this place, But my wife has been here a couple times and we needed something close to Discount Tire. So, we tried. She had Beef Stew Noodle soup. This was actually decent and good flavor, and I would have done almost 4 stars for this.. But that's not how i roll. New Chinese places, there are a few plates i order to test. #1 Mongolian Beef.Noticed the little Chili next to the Menu list and like that, though I have had non spicy Mongolian beef a lot also, but was looking for a little heat... That said.. Beef. size was ok, a little on the smaller side, but decent flavor. What killed it was way over cooked. Onions, were saute'd pretty good, and those sizes were spot on.. No mushrooms, oh wait this isn't Pei Wei (lol), something was missing though... Chili... This had 0 heat, no flavor of chili, nor anything readable on any heat index. I hope they didn't assume, I am white and probably don't like spicy foods... No Heat and overcooked meat. I may give this place another shot and get something a little more on the made from scratch there next time..2.5 Stars would be my rank here, but Service Was very good.(I must be getting soft)** Sometimes small shops striving to cover their expenses is tough and reviews can impact business..
5	This place is the best. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Plus it's cheep for the amount of food you get. The only bad is they are closed on Wednesday and they close at 9pm everyday. I give this place 5 stars easy. You won't be disappointed.
4	Wanted to bring home some food for the in laws over some dinner and decided on Chou's Kitchen. Ended up picking up the spicy pig intestine stir fry, some frozen soup dumplings and the beef pies. All were absolutely delicious (my favorite was the spicy pig intestines). I was surprised that the soup dumplings were so good after being frozen but they definitely know how to make them. Just like they told me, 15 minutes to steam it, and it's ready to eat.Overall, one of the most authentic things I've ever had. Hit up Chou's if you want to grab some soup dumplings or spicy pig intestine stir fry. Oh and the beef pies were deliciously juicy too :).
5	Came here after searching Yelp for nearby restaurants while visiting my boyfriend's family in Chandler.  Little did we/they know that this awesome Chinese restaurant exists just feet from their door.  It was a Sunday night and the restaurant was about 60% full on arrival and to the max when we left (so takeout may be recommended).We devoured several good dishes shared among the table:Pork potstickersMongolian beefSweet and sour porkHouse special fried noodlesEggplant with pork and garlic sauceThe potstickers started us off on the right foot, some of the best I have had and we saw them being made later during the meal in house.  The pork and beef dishes were arguably great standards while the house noodles came with three meats and was huge and delicious and the eggplant was succulent and well flavored.  We surprisingly had no leftovers which is usually a very good sign in a Chinese restaurant.  Walked away with just over a $40 bill which is a remarkably good deal.  Loved dinner here!
5	I love this restaurant, I don't remember how many times I have came here and I always enjoyed their food and service.  I've been to so many Chinese Sichuan (Sczchuan) and Cantonese restaurants in Phoenix area, Chou's is the only one which actually makes authentic Chinese flavors (northern style Chinese food). In the past I took many of my coworkers came here,  they all became regulars. My favorite dishes are spicy beef, tripe, and tendons; lamb skewer; beef/pork pies; beef/pork fried buns, green bean with pork; and fish filet in hot chili oil. Just great!
5	Best Chinese I've had in Az.  Very authentic.  Not fancy in terms of a restaurant but the food is unreal
4	Very tasty northern Chinese food. The service is warm and friendly, as is the general atmosphere in this simple but delicious restaurant. One of the best places to eat dong bei food in America. Highly recommended
