3	Fun spot for cocktails and a light meal.  Interesting scene.
4	Upgraded to a 4 star after going back a second time (something I'm trying to do unless I have an absolutely horrible time).  Great atmosphere, great to people watch.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  The food was good to very good, but the drinks were to die for.  Excellent selection.  Nice spot to begin or end a date.  Central location in Old Town.  Definitely a fun time.
1	Group of us sat down to enjoy a meal at this place.  I've heard nothing but splendid reviews from close friends. Immediately after we were seated, a WT-waiter barked, "What do you want?"...Later in the evening, same waiter snarled, "NO" after being asked for a refill.  Having to correct the narcissistic waiter's etiquette, twice... I ask for a manager... but still got inferior service, even from the meek supervisor.  Food was so-so, at best....  Libations are overpriced...   Never going back.
4	az88 is the place to go if you love grilled cheese sandwiches. i like mine on wheat, and double up the raw veggies instead of fries. melty cheese, tomato & thick slices of bacon round out this american classic. now why would you go to a hip modern bar/restaurant and order a grilled cheese? ok order up a cocktail/beverage or two or three. order up a mound of their wings to share (and bring someone who will clean up that cartilige for ya! suck the bone clean). or you can be greedy and keep it all to yourself. all of the burgers and sandwiches and salads are pretty much delicious, so you cant go wrong here.finish up with their strawberry shortcake. you will be pleased. ice cream. whip cream. strawberries. what's not to like?the interior decor changes a few times during the year. eat/drink here  every so often just to check what they have up their sleeves.
3	I've been here a couple times and enjoy it for a couple of reasons...the food/menu is not mind-blowing, but basic dishes like burgers, salad, etc. Nothing too creative or fancy. However, I like the ambiance and crowd. Very hip, very Scottsdale. Good place to people watch on a warm desert evening. Desserts are good if you like big, sweet, sugary things.
4	I've always been happy with my meals over at AZ '88. They have an interesting take on sandwiches and blend in spicy wing sauce with a few of their dishes, so that's worth atleast two stars by itself. The decor is creative and unorthodox, but charming in the Bird Cage sort of way. It is great for lunch, and a fun spot to people watch and drink cocktails after work.
4	i think this place is great for not a special occasion, but say, a better night than usual...it's right in downtown scottsdale, but around the center for the arts area, so you get some hipster types along with the club types. the bar has swiveling glass panels to let lots of fresh air in. it's also very loud! they have a big patio, and this place is always packed, all during the week and even on weekends. no reservations, either. there doesn't seem to be someone helping you get seated, so it' s like you have to stare down the diners and wait for them to leave and then pounce on their chairs.the food is pretty good, and way less than you'd expect for such a hip, fancy dig. the drinks are extremely expensive though, so come with some cash, especially if you like speciatly drinks.
5	A hipster shindig- for day and night- make your meal with THE Burger au Poivre, Cobb Salad and best made cocktails around... One of the best places for brunch!
3	Sexy space with glorified bar food, premium cocktails and a sceney Scottsdale crowd.  Fun bathrooms (and I mean fun in a clean way...), a changing art showpiece and the overly-conscious fashionable crowd make for some fascinating gawking. It's usually loud and crowded esp. Thursday - Saturday nights, and finding the greeter/host(ess) is always an annoying toss-up.  Do you check in out in the front patio, or in the bar entrance?  You NEVER really know until you find yourself having to flag someone down.  Service is expectedly so-so.Food is decent.  I usually get the 7353 club sandwich with chicken bacon and avocado - very delish.  And waffle fries?  Yum.  Drinks are pricey but done well.  Fancy martinis are upwards of $13...
4	I almost feel bad writing a review.  I mean, yea, I've been there several times.  But my experience has been rather limited.  It's always happy hour-ish time on the way home from work.  Since, as I've mentioned in other reviews, I'm stubborn about not drinking even one drink if I'm driving, I've only had soda.  And not wanting to spoil dinner (Mom would be so proud) I haven't eaten there either.  So, I've observed alcohol.  I've observed food.  But from experience I can tell you only that their sodas are bubbly and quickly refilled.  But to most folks, as good as their burgers are, and as yummy as their fries appeared (Kid you not, I was tempted to ask a neighboring table for a fry as they looked that good.  And that is NOT my style at all.) AZ 88 isn't a place you go for the food.  It's the look.  It's the proximity to all the other action.  It's the amazing rotating art.  It's the feeling that you are somewhere fancy and exclusive when you just walked in and grabbed a seat.  And that patio doesn't hurt either.  One of the best places to people watch.  Funny side story - first time I ever heard of the place I had a completely different picture in my head.  An older couple I knew (70's) told me about this great place they loved going to for a burger.  How fun it was, and how it was so fun and relaxed, and how all the gays went there.  Between the name and their description, I thought it was some gay neighborhood burger joint filled with knickknacks like an Applebee's.  I was one step from expecting sawdust on the floor.  Shocker when I first walked in the place, let me tell ya...
3	Sad west hollywood rejects, what could be worse? Maybe the decision to decorate an entire wall with the quote "Smoking is the number one cause of statistics." now that's funny - so funny it should get its own wall.The food? Well, there's bacon on everything, or it's fried. I think it tries to be an attempt at that New American, fusion thing ... so this place went for a fusion of Denny's and Del Taco. Now that's fine, but not for more than 2.99.So why 3 stars? BECAUSE THE BATHROOMS ARE AMONG THE MOST AMAZING PLACES IN THE WORLD. Go for the bathrooms.The girls room: brightly lit with mirrors on opposite walls, projecting your ass into eternity. I mean, fuck that is awesome.The men's room: dimly lit, with many mirrors, but not on opposing walls. While your bits may not be projected ad infinitum into another dimension, you are guaranteed to have a deeply erotic wee.
2	I used to frequent AZ 88 when I used to live in the Scottsdale. I loved it for its setting--somewhat hidden, somewhat quiet, trendy enough but not too much that it suffocates. I enjoyed their food because of its simple decadence--sandwiches with no-frills sauces, grilled vegetables with a tangy sauce that doesn't over power, and their waffle fries that make you curse Atkins until his dead (oh, wait, he IS dead). Best of all, I enjoyed their drinks. Always refreshing, always exciting, and always seem to creep up to you when least expected giving you a pleasant buzz that makes  everyone around you appear like they're on high definition.So, really the 2 measly stars are not for the food, ambiance, or drinks. They're for SLADE.It's been a couple of years (or more) since we visited AZ 88. I thought of going there for dinner last weekend to celebrate Fathers Day. Afterall, it used to be one of my husband's favorite eating joints. So  I invited my parents, my kids and of course my husband, to have a quiet enjoyable dinner over there.We immediately found a table for 6--a good sign. Everything was going great until SLADE came along. Slade was our slick, "I-really-ought-to-be-in-LA-acting" waiter. The minute he saw our group, he immediately put on his scowl face and his "why-do-I-end-up-with-these-people" attitude. Was it the kids? Or was it the rare Asian people who made up our group?(And just a note: my kids grew up eating in restaurants--from SeaSaw to In and Out, and yes they've eaten at AZ 88 before. They've done it all because I don't cook. They even order mom's drinks...for her, of course. And yes, my parents speak English...like the kind you can understand!)Two seconds after settling to our table, he asks what we would like to drink. I have never felt pressured in my life to think of an alcoholic concoction. Five seconds had passed, and Slade was already sending off telepathic messages to me, saying "hurry up, bitch, you're wasting my time." So I finally blurted out, "Could you please give us a couple of minutes to think. We'd like to see a drink menu, if we could." He grabbed a drink menu, plopped it on the table, and quickly pivoted and sashayed away from our table without saying a word.I don't know about you, but I thought that was rude. When we finally decided on our drink orders, Slade's OCD (Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder) became apparent. He couldn't care less if we had enough ketchup, or if we needed more tangy sauce for the vegetables, or if we needed any kind of condiment to compliment our respective meals.All he cared about was making sure that each of our drinks was set on a napkin. He watched each of us like a hawk, making sure that, as we set our glass down, it was placed on a napkin! One time, my son unknowingly set his water glass on HALF the napkin, and Slade was right there to set things right for him, accompanied with an annoyed sigh, of course. Never once did he ask if we needed anything else...he just wanted to make sure that our glasses were on napkins!Thank god for the food, and the drinks. Those did not fail us. My husband enjoyed that part. But SLADE, and his OCD, oh and his over-gelled hair...that's gotta go! Thus 2 stars.
5	Judging by apperances, you would think this place is pretentious, trendy, and expensive. So it kind of is. But it's also a place that makes their martinis stong and filled to the brim (you know when you put liquid into a container and it gets a "dome effect" when it's about to spill over? that's how full they make them) serves buffalo chicken sandwiches and crisscut fries in a basket for $7, all in an open, airy envoronment that is truly unique in it's design and has won accolades in the architectural world. So you really get your money's worth. Reservations are not accepted, so the wait can be annoying, but it's quickly forgotten as it's a prime spot for people watching while you hang out at the bar. I've come here on dates and also for a girls night out and each time I love AZ88 a little more.
4	Best grilled cheese ever! Great music and fun atmosphere. Don't take anyone that's homophobic.
4	"I dig this place."Halfway through our night at AZ88 that's what my husband turned to me and said and I couldn't help but agree.  We went on a Thursday night and it was rather empty, there were several open tables during the entire time we were there.  We went for drinks and we were not disappointed.  I finally found a place here that can make a good mojito!  Woohoo!  I watched the bartender make it himself, sans pre-mix, and he muddled the mint in front of my very eyes.  I saw the Champagne Celebration on the menu but worried it would be too sweet so I opted to have a Kir Royale.  The bartender suggested the Celebration and assured me it wouldn't be too sweet so I ordered it.  It was fantastic!  It was one of the prettiest drinks I've ever had, with colored rock sugar sprinkled on top (which gives it a ever so faint cotton candy aftertaste) and it is basically a mix of a Kir Royale and a Bellini.  My husband asked for  suggestion and was told the Side Car, which he found too sweet and came with a sugar rimmed glass. He then moved to a tried and true Bombay Sapphire martini that was well made and his glass was poured so full that we could clearly see the meniscus on the top.  (And I'm sure we were the only people in the place that knew what a meniscus was...)  The bartender was a little slow in making one of my drinks so he comped it for us which I appreciated.  I wasn't bothered by it because he was the only bartender and clearly could have used help as he had to prepare all the drinks for the bar and the tables.We didn't order dinner food but I plan on returning with my BFF in two weeks for dinner.  The food is insanely inexpensive, its cheaper than at Chili's!  The atmosphere is great, it's very trendy and upbeat yet still understated.  (It reminds me of 28 Degrees in Boston except with a white motif and not blue)  We did order dessert, the Golden Gate Cake in honor of my little sister who just moved to San Fran this week. (Love you A!) and it was amazingly yummy.  The place is fairly casual really, most folks were wearing their best mall duds from Express so it wasn't overly dressy at all.  In fact, there was a guy in a Budweiser trucker hat that he clearly got for free somewhere. (I will not get into my feelings on trucker hats, Budweiser trucker hats or free hats....)  My husband was in shorts and a t-shirt and he felt fine.  (Plenty of guys came in wearing flip flops...yet another thing I won't get into!)  The crowd was fairly diverse which was nice.  One last thought.  Yes, the bathrooms were cool but it was certainly not the coolest I've ever seen.  (I find that frosting glass or water effects really take bathrooms to a new level.)  One of the stalls in the women's bathroom was lacking tp and the other was dangerously close to that.  There were also kind of messy and smelled faintly of sewage.  I am definitely planning on returning, its nice and out of the way, relaxed and inexpensive. What more could you want?
4	People dont go to AZ88  for the service, so get over it if youre impatient waiting for a drink or your food.  Enjoy the trendy ambience or venture to the bathroom for entertainment.  Take your pick from the "He," "She," or "S/He" bathrooms.  Yes, this restuarant/bar moonlights as a gay hangout but who cares.  No one in Scottsdale apparently because word has spread even through the heterosexual community that this is a great hangout.SUPER strong drinks, casual atmosphere despite the trendy attitude, and great American cusine make for the perfect combo.  My favorite is the AZ88 chicken sandwhich, which is a spicy chicken with blue cheese on a bun with the best waffle fries EVER.  You can also get it as a salad if youre feeling skinny.  The staff isnt the most friendly or the most prompt so put your patient pants on and suck down a drink while you wait.  You'll forget what youre waiting for.  Food is served latenight and you can walk around the park by the civic center afterwards...  Great date spot.
3	i guess i'd say the bathroom is the best part about this place.
3	There's something ironic about AZ88. It really is a bit of a paradox. But not neatly so. On one hand, the words that other people have used to imply the vibe of the place are fair. It really is all of those things; assuming, euphuistic, grandiose, inflated, magniloquent, pompous, showy,  and sometimes downright snobbish (thank you thesaurus.com). It's in Scottsdale. People dress up to go here. Coyotes are always on the prowl. That being said, they have $7.00 sandwiches, people in khaki shorts and t-shirts sitting on plastic chairs outside in the 70 degree Phoenix winters, and mediocre service (sometimes downright slow). So, I still can't quite get my head wrapped around this place. One thing I did learn is to avoid the cocktail menu unless you're an American Express Red member. One night a friend and I ordered a martini each and our bill came to $25. With tip almost $30. Thanks but no thanks. So, this place is the yin and the yang, the best of times and the worst of times, the id and the superego. I think that you almost have to go once just to decide if you love it or hate it.
5	consistently great food and the best drinks in town since, well, 1988. awesome space, open late, diverse crowd, educated djs and ever changing art installations. can't wait to see what the christmas tree is this year, a true holiday tradition. past favorites include the tree made of coal that glowed red inside, the one made entirely out of high heels and the one that was hung upside down and spun around.
4	A Phoenix/Scottsdale classic.  This ever changing, trendy Scottsdale hotspot is one that is almost always sure to please.  If not for their famous martini's, then certainly for the 'eye candy' - a young, trendy, successful, hip and healthy 20's - 40's - that is almost always a given any weekend evening.  The ambiance, with a fresh flower daily at each table is a refreshing touch.  The menu is really quite simple and very well priced.  Tasty appetizers... my favorites ranging from the flat bread gallettes, to the ceviche.  The chicken sandwiches and burgers rarely leave anything left to be desired, my favorite being the AZ88 chicken sandwich.  Mmmmmm, a grilled chicken breast topped with blue cheese, chopped celery and buffalo wing sauce, sided with their amazing waffle fries.  If you are one for a fabulous martini list, this place won't steer you wrong.  Try the Mandarin Cosmo!  SLURP.  J
5	I love AZ88  There, I said it.  While I will admit that I was first introduced to AZ88 by my "Will," it is a very mixed crowd and depending on when you go, is certainly no more of a scene than anywhere else in Scottsdale.  Weekday lunches are quiet with business associates or old money who lunch.  Early evenings often attract senior citizen couples on their way to the theater.  And then, of course, there's late-night on the weekend...in which case bring your sunglasses at night.Nonetheless, the atmosphere is consistently cool and stunning--walking in just brings a smile to my face.  The rotating decor always makes me look forward to seeing what facelift will have emerged the next time I go.  My all-time favorite drink is served here--I don't think it's on the menu, so be sure to remember SUMMER SOLSTICE MARTINI.  This is one freaking stiff drink, but the alcohol will sneak-attack you like a ninja so don't be suprised at how goofy you find yourself after just 2.  Toss in the AZ88 Club (I like mine with chicken/avocado, on wheat with no middle bread) or China Lil Chicken sandwich and I'm a happy camper.AZ88 is a fun spot with a lot of energy--I have organized large groups there for multiple birthdays and celebrations.  They don't take reservations so if you're trying to get a large table on a weekend night, be prepared to get a drink at the bar or slump onto a couch on the patio for awhile.  Maybe it's just all my great memories there, but for me, AZ88 = love.
3	AZ 88 was our last stop one evening out in Scottsdale with a group of friends. I liked AZ 88 because the martinis were huge and delicious. We ordered food...cheesecake, waffle fries and the blue cheese chips. Interesting combination I know. Everything was good except for the blue cheese chips. My husband and I did not enjoy them at all. One of our favorite restaurants back in Ohio has blue cheese chips which we love love love, so that is why we wanted to try AZ 88's. Big mistake. Personally hot sauce and blue cheese are not a good combination.  AZ 88 does offer good people watching...we definitely saw a woman meet a guy at the bar and next time we looked over they were making out. Klassy.  I really didn't like the decor of AZ 88...it's a bit too sterile for my taste.  It seems like a good place to meet a group of girlfriends for a few drinks, but not where I would want to spend my whole night.
3	5 stars for the room. I think it kicks ass. Love the glass. Love the av ant Gard holiday garb. Sparse modern decor makes me smile. Patio is fan freakin tastic.3 stars for the food. Average, right? C'mon really? Water chestnuts, wrapped in bacon with a side of honey? Not a honey sauce, but honey? Oh honey, pahhllleeeze. The average chicken sandwich. Average. Average. Average.2 stars for the service. OK. We know you're pretty. We know you never look your guests in the eyes, cuz you're busy cruising for a quickie in the restroom (5 stars for the johns....I've heard they're good for quickies...somebody told me...yea, that's right, somebody told me!) You don't know your grigios from noirs. And you think arugula is one of the Spice Girls.Uggggh.4 stars for the martinis. You give "fill it to the rim with brim" a whole new twist. Not so full  it's half spilled on the servers hand and the stem of the glass, however. Even though I will lick 'em both clean to get my dollar's worth. You do the math...3 stars, right?
3	Beautiful view. Lovely surroundings overlooking the Scottsdale Center for the Arts, where lots of outdoor festivals take place. Decent food. Nice relaxing music in the background. Nice patio.If you don't mind a staff with attitude, then you'll love this place. (ahem... welcome to Snottsdale.) Questions like "Temperature?" when ordering a burger as opposed to "How would you like that done?" leave the guest translating waiter's meanings. Personally I appreciate waiters who are there to ensure you are comfortable and pleased with the dining experience. After working 10+ years in the hotel business I know what I am talking about.Oh and even locating the restrooms proves to have attitude. Guests must pay attention to the gender identifiers which are way at the bottom of the door softly illuminated. And inside the mirrors were at every angle and odd lighting showing far more than I need to see. Gheeezzz!There are so many other choices where I can spend my money... I think I will chose a friendlier place next time.http://homepage.mac.com/az88/Site/Home.html
1	The surroundings are lovely, as other reviewers have mentioned, but the staff is aloof at best, the patrons are into pointing out that X across the room is wearing LAST YEAR'S Prada, while sipping huge over priced martinis. The patrons can range the gamut from the blue haired crowd at 5 to clueless tourists, yuppies, and then later at night turns mostly gay. It is a place to see and be seen. All superficial with no substance. The place is horribly noisy with hard surfaces everywhere, you cant hear people or make yourself heard without shouting, the food is mediocre (but dependably so) and much of the furniture is weirdly uncomfortable. Am I on a rant? Ok... I admit it-- I hate this place. And many people will totally love it for the same reasons as listed above. :) If you love pretension and overpriced food and drinks, THIS is totally your place.
4	Picture this:  You timidly stroll into 'The Yard' at Leavenworth, abated, as fresh meat.  You pause.  Cautiously spinning around, you noticed you are being gawked at, judged, mulled, and brooded by others.  You audaciously, head over to the bench press, unveil your biceps through your wife beater, stack two 45s on each side ...... and then the drum and bass music begins.  So goes AZ 88.  The Bar as The Yard.  The Socialites are The Felons.  The Vertical Striped Uniforms portraying the Horizontal Striped Uniforms.And the bench press is your financial cache.All of this is precisely why I love this place.  It is like entering the world's most cosmopolitan penitentiary during visiting hours, where you get to enjoy the fascinating aspects of a sad existence and still, they let you leave afterwards, retreating to your happy, humble life in the clear.  All the while, you can enjoy some fantastic waffle fries and a Moscow Mule and sit in the cozy furniture on the other side of the glass not intended for the habitue.Yes, in fact, AZ88 IS a fun time, as long as one doesn't make it his hard-knock life.   Visit occasionally.  They have unique drinks in an unusual environment.  House DJs and a cleverly ironic menu to wrinkle the expectations of it all.Just be cogent not to get absorbed into the S'dale lifers.
4	Classy lounge in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale. The food is really good and very affordable for the upscale atmosphere. Top shelf bar. I always bring out-of-town guests here.
3	The food is moderately priced and good, but the drinks are outrageously Scottsdale expensive.  I'll admit that they key lime martini was very delicious.  The Hell's Fire chips and Asian shrimp were perfect, and I would definitely recommend the food.  The lighting, more like a glow than a light, was quite awesome.  Service was pretty slow but professional.  The dj was great!  No one was wearing jeans, but there was a mixed crowd of some people in their 40's and many in their late 20's or early 30's.
3	Very nice atmosphere, I'll give them that.  I wouldn't not go here.  If you want to get off the main drag of Old Town, I get it, come in, relax in some not so comfortable but cool looking chairs.Sort of tucked away and the patio overlooks a green park.  Sit out side, eat some "nothing special" food that's been made to look better than it tastes and some decent drinks that are fine. Maybe the best part is this table in the middle with gem studded lions and tigers and bears situated around it....  Interesting.
2	BlahFood is boring and sub par in my bookThe ambiance is chill and super trendy ScottsdalishThe drinks are all old time drinks.  Think Slow Gin Fizzes, Rusty Nails and ManhattansThe service is good though
4	Five Stars is awarded for great food and its atmosphere.  A half star is taken away for service, I haven't seen much teamwork or extra hands to assist the waiters.  The total experience at AZ 88 is hip and relaxing I love to bring people from out of town to this Scottsdale spot.  Different art work is featured here and has been recognized by magazines like 944. I love a large menu that serves food till 12:30 AM 7 days a week.For the ladies, don't pass up the martinis here, from presentation to execution, perfect.  I come here for the best burgers in AZ.  Sirloin steak is used and there is a great selection to choose from.   I enjoy the St. Petersburg potato appetizer, its a smoked salmon dish.   AZ 88 is known for being a gay bar but I don't think its an official spot.
3	I'm not sure what to make of the decor in this place.  There are what looks like diamond-studden animals in glass display boxes in the middle of the room & the bathrooms have 2way mirrors!  I feel so violated.  I was using the restroom when I started to get a creepy feeling about the stall being enclosed with mirrors so I decided to do the finger test (when you put your finger to a mirror & if your finger touches the one in the mirror, it means it's a 2way mirror).  I was surprised to find my finger touching itself in the mirror with no gap!!  I decided to hold it until I got back to my hotel out of fear that my restroom break would become a show for someone on the other side.  Anyway, onto the drinks.  As comfortable as I was on their reclining lounge chairs, I had 1 drink so I wouldn't prolong my stay there any more than I needed to (I was already at a good buzz at this point).  I had the Celebration Champagne, which was pretty tasty.  It was a sparkling wine with some juices (I can't remember) & some tasty sugar crystals on the bottom.  I'd probably re-vist for the drinks & the fact that it's open late.
4	Sometimes, I want to spend a lot on a drink. Sometimes, I just want to stare at pretty people and people who are almost pretty but their parents looked too much alike. Sometimes, I just want to feel like I don't belong without standing out. Sometimes, I want to pee in a blue room. Sometimes, the Arizona night sky is the most temperate and beautiful thing in the world. Sometimes, I like big ass windows. Sometimes, I want to chill before I go to Sky Bar to play with the 17 year olds. Sometimes, when I get a wild hair, I go to AZ88.
4	AZ88 has great atmosphere, great food and is centrally located. I love to meet friends there.
4	I spent the better part of an hour at AZ88, had a couple drinks at the bar and tried their shrimp ceviche (tasty). It was late on a Thursday night while school was out, the the place was pretty dead, so I can't say much to the clientele.From my experience though, I'd liked the contemporary look of the venue, the outdoor seating options and the generally spaciousness this lounge offers. The bartenders were polite, conversation light and casual. It's clear that this place has a good following of locals, which means they're obviously doing something right.While I was there, the owner was displaying some 'diamond dogs' in the center of the room, that were won in an auction...okay. Whatever.I'd definitely like to come back to this place when its more happenin. I think it'd be a good time.
5	MOSCOW MULE is the perfect summer cocktail.  Go to AZ 88 and have one, while you are there order a grilled cheese too--- bring some pals in tow and you have a perfect day or night!
5	I used to order salads every time I went to AZ 88... I thought they were good but not amazing.  The people watching and martinis are fantastic and service has always been pretty good too.  Until last night...Jared and I went to AZ 88 to inquire if their patio was dog friendly.  We both figured they would say no, but to our dismay, they said yes!  We were psyched!  Minnie was too... especially when they sat us 10 minutes later (we thought the wait would be longer on a Friday night) and brought her a dog bowl filled with ice water.  Score!Justin, our server, took amazing care of us.  We stuck with water for once, but our water glasses stayed full throughout the entire time we were there.  We started with the veggie plate as an appetizer to share and it was awesome!  J went with the BLT and I had the portabella mushroom sandwich - both came with the traditional AZ 88 garnish (fruit and veggies) and waffle fries - yum!We had a really pleasant evening sitting on the patio, taking in the scene, chilling with Minnie, and enjoying delicious food and service.  AZ 88 was far better than I remembered it - I will be back again and again I'm sure... next time I'll try that Moscow Mule that Nadia wrote about!
4	I like this place.  I don't get a chance to go very often but every time I go it's always good.  I always have the Seared Tuna.  Great place to sit outside and eat when it is cooler.
4	I love coming to this place with my wide range of friends. I usually go with "My Gays" and enjoy copious amounts of martinis.This is my 3rd or 4th time going. I went with two of my friends for some appetizers and drinks this past Friday and it was so yummy.We ordered the fries with the 3 dipping sauces, the galletes, and the bacon wrapped water chestnuts. Everything was very good and provided a great base for the drinking that was going on.While the drinks were rather pricey, they were very good. You get about a drink and a half if you order a martini.My girlfriend and I ordered pomegranate martinis and they were just divine! I loved that they weren't sweet and syrupy like I usually get. Go there to get the night started with some yummy apps and GREAT people watching. I don't care if the men are gay or straight, they were HOT and dressed fabulously! Can't wait to hit AZ88 again!
5	This is my all-time favorite bar/restaurant in Scottsdale.  The drinks are expensive but they pour the best martinis in town.  They're huge, and one is like 2 in some other bars.  A server once recommended a blueberry lemon drop and it's been my favorite drink ever since.  The drinks may be spendy, but the food is relatively cheap.  I love the ceviche and the picnic chicken, but I've never had a bad meal here.  You can't beat the atmosphere with the cool patio overlooking the civic plaza...especially fun late in the day during the Culinary Festival with Mr. P-Body spinning records.  The bathrooms are super-cool (strange comment, but it's true)  Once you locate the appropriate one for your gender, you feel like you've been let in on a secret!  And, one of the best things about AZ88 is that every 6 months or so they completely change the decor and add funky art installations.The crowd seems a bit more sophisticated than other Scottsdale places that are filled with the typical posers.  It's very gay-friendly and on Friday nights the eye candy is delicious, even if they aren't paying attention to us straight girls!  You'll find all age groups here, which ends up as a nice mix, like an interesting dinner party.
4	What can I say, this place is a Scottsdale staple.  20 years and still going strong.  I do miss their old menu (circa 1990-1995), but they have enough decently priced and varied menu selections to satisfy everyone. This is a 'see and be seen place' with an always fun and eclectic crowd (old, young, gays, straights, dressed up, dressed down) with a DJ spinning some sweet house music on the right nights.  The drinks may seem pricey, however, they certainly don't skimp on the liquor and if you're a lightweight, you'll be flat on your ass after your second cocktail. Waitstaff can be hit or miss.
4	I really enjoyed AZ88. First off, my friends and I had an amazing bartender that kept giving us remnants of every drink he was making and even made one special for us! The chicken sandwich I had was great, with jalapenos and honey and the fries were perfect! And I really loved the atmosphere. And the bathrooms are worth checking out. They are a great conversation piece. I'll make my way back to AZ88!
4	The only reason I did not give this a 5, is because they reduced the size of their martinis.This place is absolutely fabulous.  I say it that way because it's a VERY mixed crowd (straight/gay) that knows how to drink the hard stuff and have fun.  The crowd is very pretty on the weekends, filled with the latest fashions, jewlery, and cologne.  The perfectly plucked eyebrows, spray on tans and perfect hair is everywhere....and that's just the guys. The women are very hot too.  AZ88 is KNOWN for it's bathrooms which are quite a treat. (I never knew you could use mirros in such a way).   AZ88 is also known for it's martinis...which they fill to the rim and deliver to your table without loosing a drop.  The food is dressed up bar food. You'll get a burger with a lemon wedge....for example.Overall a great place and has been for years.  The art is always changing and defintely gives up good conversation.  You will always have a fun time at AZ88.
5	Whenever I'm back in the Valley for a visit I try to make it to AZ88 with my girlfriends.  I love this bar/lounge/restaurant!!  The atmosphere is amazing and the martinis are even better.  I recommend the Tartini.... SO good!  The prices of the martinis are a little high but these martinis are bigger than  most that I get at other bars so well worth it.  The food I've had here has always been top notch.  I love the fries, the buffalo chicken salad and buffalo chicken sandwich, BLT and grilled cheese and chips and dips.  SOOOOO good.. LOVE THIS PLACE
2	I'm fairly certain I've had a good dining experience here, though I'd be hard pressed to come up with exactly when that was. I was here the other night, and it was pretty bad. Unfortunately, this result is more the rule than the exception for me. I swear this place is like the Tara Reid of restaurants.The place is pretty nice... comfy chairs, loungy sofa style seating, lovely patio, clean and open dining area (with hideous gaudy bedazzled dog statues placed strategically so you can sit anywhere and see a faux diamond encrusted canine anus while you eat), and a nice long modern (for 10 years ago) bar. The exterior walls are mostly glass so if you're at all self conscious, you might feel like you're on display. This was a mid-week night and it was pretty dead. There were literally more waitstaff than tables seated, yet the table next to us had one of their orders completely forgotten. Then the same waiter kept asking what we wanted to drink and while we were ordering, he would walk away for 10 minutes. The service didn't get much better from there. When we finally got to order and then eventually get our food, it was mediocre... definitely not worth the lofty prices. In fact, the burgers used to be considered quite good here - the burger hasn't changed much, but I guess maybe the bar has been raised since they designed theirs. This place just needs to revamp a little bit I think. They also need some new staff.Like Tara Reid, this joint is an old diseased coked up used up whore that hangs out with the under/upper crust of society, can't act or even perform basic functions half the time, pretty much everyone has been inside at some point, half the people come to watch the train wreck while the other half comes to be on the train, and on the right nights is fun to party with.
3	I feel like the place is insanely pretentious.  I dunno why I get that vibe, but I do.  That said, their food is pretty damn good and isn't as expensive as you might expect considering the way they present everything.  The place is interesting I guess.  It has neat bathrooms, kind of a cool looking bar, and modern seating everywhere.  Everything is very modern, and if you're into that kind of thing, then here is your spot.  Perhaps it is just too image conscious for me.  I just don't like it.
3	I think I went on a bad night because I'd say that normally the service here is a lot better than I described in my last review. They also changed the decor again. I've since been back and was reminded that a good time can be had here. I do like the reclining couch seating and it's in a good location. I just think 2 stars was a little harsh.
4	S.S.S. Plate + Lemony Lemonade = great for patio lunch with temp around 70F (perfect temp after AZ summer). Two large thin pieces of Scottish Smoked Salmon (not NOVA or LOX).  Two fresh slices of pumpernickel and quarter inch by 3" x 3" smooth cream cheese.  Couple of thin purple onion rings and slivered radish.  Stack all of the above but pass on the tiny spicy pickles and capers...  Followed by fresh brewed coffee and key lime tart...
4	This is a great place to go either to begin the evening with friends or at the end of the night, thanks to their late hours (midnight).  The martinis are one of the best intown and the food always good.  The only thing lacking is the service... very slow and not always attentive.  Thank goodness the atmosphere and food are so good it helps to overlook the not so service.
4	I will forever lement the loss of those amazing glitter dogs. Do you think they sold them? If you know what happened to them tell me cause I want one. I hated AZ88 for no aparent reason for a long time. I tend to hate things that young hip kids who live in Scottsdale enjoy, just as a rule, so I was sure I would hate this place. I totally didn't. Part of what I loved about it was those ridiculous sparkling dogs though. Seriously the food is super delicious and I always worry myself sick about what to order cause will it be as delicious as Elsa Chicken Sandwhich? Also, how much do you love waffle cut fries? Well I don't know how much you love them, but I love them a lot. And this place is a little classier than Chik-fil-a, the only other place I know that serves waffle cut fries. Even though it is in Scottsdale and hip kids like it, it isn't even retardedly overpriced. You should probably go here if you haven't yet. Those good for check boxes remind me that the Golden Gate cake thing is beyond delicious. Order it.
4	Good food, wide selection of drinks, great atmosphere.
4	Although a bit pricey (hence the 4 stars), the martinis are GREAT, as is the food (the cobb salad is the best I've ever had).  Good service, cool crowd... can't wait until I can go back, which sadly is not soon enough now that I live in San Diego.
4	Probably closer to 4.5 stars. I absolutely love this restaurant! Not the menu you would expect at this type of place, but it's perfect. You can get great wings, waffle fries and an awesome hamburger. It's got a very different style than many other restaurants, even for a Scottsdale hang out. Not only is food good, but they have a nice cocktail menu and they are known to fill their drinks to the tip top. They also have a bar, I have not been to it however because when I go I always want to sit down and experience their great food menu.
4	Yum, yum, yum.  Buffalo chicken salad?  Delish.  I ask if there are black olives on the salad, my server tells me, "not if you don't want there to be."  Damn straight, I like this place.Clean, very stark and modern decor, but fun.  The "she-room" with so many mirrors it makes your head spin?  A total trip, and completely unexpected when you're average lunching age is 65.  (Guess this is what happen when you eat lunch when the seniors are eating dinner.)  Let's just say, I did NOT need to see myself using the rest room from all those angles.  I'm slightly creeped out.Service is friendly and laid back, but attentive.  I had plenty of water (which seemed to be the key to my entire trip in Phoenix).  A great patio, good for people-watching in the mall area.And did I mention the salad?  Huge, but this midwestern girl could put it away...big strips of grilled chicken and diced celery tossed in some perfectly spicy buffalo sauce, a side of blue cheese crumbles and some fantastic blue cheese dressing over a bed of seriously delightful greens (no ice berg here, thank you very much.) and bell peppers.  Oh, and the black olives?  They stayed M.I.A. (thank GOD!)I'd be back if in the area again.
4	I went to AZ 88 this past week to meet up with some friends and an out of town friend.  It was close to our friends hotel so we thought lets check it out, I hadn't been in awhile.  The Good: I've been here several times over the last 12 years of living in Phoenix and one thing I have to say is this restaurant is very consistent with their food.  It's always good, and when you order something you know what you are going to get.  A sandwich I had 4-6 years ago, tastes as good today as it did back then.  The Bad: It's not really bad, but to best honest, I think its time for a little make over.  It's one thing to be consistent but this restaurant needs to catch up with its competition.  There are many many new restaurants in the valley, especially in the Scottsdale area and to the locals this can get boring.  This place hasn't changed in about 10 years, I think its time for a freshen up.  Overall, its a great place that brings back many memories from coming here over the years, and I look forward to coming back again.
4	Gabi always takes me to the best places in Arizona. I'm a firm believer in her powers...so of course, this was a hit :) A LOVELY cobb salad. Great people/dog watching right on the park. Sunshine. OMG. Sunshine. Yes. We ate outdoors in January. I know it's not like, super exciting for people in Arizona...but for us, from Chicago: mind blowing! Wooooo!Diet Coke in mini airplane glass bottles is not my favorite, but it'll suffice. The salad was fantastic. A bite of Mr. Gabi's burger was very tasty. Everything was fresh and pretty. However, the bathrooms reminded me of some bad techno club. Glass EVERYWHERE. Mirrors in places you don't want mirrors. Pink lights. Made me claustrophobic, and didn't seem to "go" with the ambience of the restaurant. Then I got back to my table, and I was happy again...small blip on the radar. Ladies who lunch, come hither. This is the place.
5	My dad and I came here just to grab a pre-dinner drink and ended up having a snack too. What a trendy/chic place! It felt very NYC (as I learned later, it has a sister restaurant in NYC). I loved the ambiance - very high ceilings, fun lighting, huge mirrors on the wall, and funky seating. We sat in what I called the 'date booth' which was a funny red couch in the middle of the place - perfectly appropriate for just grabbing a drink, but it would definitely be awkward for having dinner. After purusing the cocktail list I was delighted to see a number of interesting cocktails, dubbed 'classic cocktails', and each had the cocktail's inventor and date of invention. I love that stuff! I settled on a Saint Germain (with elderberry liquor - I had it at a party once and loved it!) and dad got a caiparinha. We also got the flatbread (sans bacon). Both the cocktails were a delight. Dad's caipirhina came with rock candy !!!!! and mine tasted like bubble gum (in a good way). The flatbread was also tasty, especially once we put some AZ hot sauce on top!$40 incl tip for 2 cocktails and an app, a bit pricey but we did get expensive cocktails. The menu didn't look too bad though, $-wise.note: bathrooms are cool too. hard to locate though! very camo.
5	AZ 88 is a great date location.  The atmosphere is excellent - always an artistic display, usually great music.  If my parents ever make it out here from Wisconsin, I'm definitely taking them to AZ 88.  The view of the Scottsdale mall is really cool, and the proximity to a number of the "old" Old Town bars is really convenient.  The food is reasonably priced, with most sandwiches and dishes right around $10.  They have a good sized bar selection, with some really interesting imported beers.  I would absolutely recommend the AZ 88 sandwich if you enjoy buffalo sauce, and it's really hard for me to not order the little crackers with onions and bacon on them (even despite disliking bacon!).
4	From the voyeuristic "HE/SHE" bathrooms to the big-ass "look at what you're missing" windows, to the rotating and (usually) interesting art installments, the ambiance at AZ 88 boasts a sort of funky, yet arrogant sexuality that is unique. The crowd has seemed to be quite varied in my experience. But this is OTS, and the usual rules apply. The current setup of art includes huge pseudo-abstract figures in Kama-Sutra-like sexual positions on the gigantic windows. One per window! It's sort of like a tutorial. I would imagine many a over-the-shoulder-sweater wearing aging socialite has gasped at the "inappropriateness" of this. Good. Gasp away, Maude. Props to AZ 88 for being dirty/classy. The food is not cheap, but not expensive either. It's completely accessible, even casual, which might be different than what some people would expect. But I totally get it. I mean, what's wrong with looking good and having a grilled cheese?Personally, I would recommend AZ 88 as a place to get cocktails. The prices here are no more or less than any other equivalent restaurants/bars in the area and they do great martinis. The wine list isn't anything crazy, but they do offer a somewhat hard to find but inexpensive Spanish red called Carchelo that is awesome. Highlight: Come here for drinks and to hang before going dancing to one of the more rowdier (or raunchier?) clubs in the area.
4	This place was quite a nice atmosphere.  The bar gets about a 4.5 and the food about 3.5, so I ended up at 4 stars.  The bar has a good selection of drinks, and the food, while tasty, isn't anything super special.  I am in town on business and have gone to many places in Phoenix and Scottsdale and will likely return, but not before trying many more others first.  The prices for food I felt were quite reasonable given the decor and vibe and much better than a chain like Chili's or something.  The staff was nice and friendly....the scene was very "cool" feeling, although the menu kind of made me wonder if this was a burger joint trying to feel upscale or an upscale place trying to offer reasonably priced food.  All in all, I would definitely go back, as you can have a good meal and enjoy the atmosphere and decor without breaking the bank.
3	Came here one night for drinks and dancing and had a blast!  The music was wonderful and the people were great!  Didn't eat here though.
5	AZ88 gets 5 stars for having the best Buffalo Chicken Sandwich in all of Arizona.  It is incredible.  Messy as hell but incredible nonetheless.  Oh, and just when you thought it couldn't get any better, it comes with waffle fries...WAFFLE FRIES people!!!!  It also comes with a delightful little fruit salad and slightly tangy ketchup which is to die for!I go to AZ88 anytime I want to have a nice swanky time and don't want to pay an arm and a leg for it.  it is the perfect place to have any sort of celebration because it is kind to people of all budgets.  Don't get me wrong, if you want to spend a crap load of $$, AZ88 will be more than happy to oblige!  Their cocktails are all quite pricey but they are HUGE and potent, so I excuse them for that.  But if you are just there to eat or have a drink or two, you can easily get out of there for $20, which isn't too shabby.I go for lunch all the time and sit at the bar and hang with Jamel, my fave daytime bartender, as we sit, watch, and laugh at all the people who are confused by the HE/SHE bathrooms and can't figure out how to get in them. Just push open the door people...The lunch crowd is quite eclectic, but the dinner crowd is very different.  They rather match the modern and voyeuristic design of AZ88.  Basically what I'm getting at, is these people want to be seen, and they want to be seen specifically in AZ88.But again, we all have our moments (especially in PHX) where we want to pretend we're someone and somewhere else and AZ88 is the perfect place to provide said transport.
5	I don't do the "Scottsdale Bar-Thing," but I have always enjoyed this classy place for years. I like taking people from out of town here, and I used to take dates, before I got married two years ago (to a wonderful, gorgeous, sexy woman... is that good, Dear)? It used to be touted as a gay bar, but don't let that deter you, hetero Dudes like myself; its a colorful, classy joint, and no one will harm you or look at you funny here!
3	I went to AZ88 a few nights ago with a friend, and I've been sitting on this review since then, letting the thoughts and feelings percolate upstairs until I could muster the initiative to actually write something down about my experience. AZ88 serves a variety of sandwiches, burgers and salads, along with some actual entrees and a short but appetizing list of desserts. The food seems reasonably priced for the geographic location, which isn't necessarily cheap, but hell, it's Scottsdale after all. I had the Club, which probably seems rather uninspired, but it was a tasty sandwich. The chicken was just thick enough to give it some texture and the bacon lent just enough smoky flavor to the whole thing. The tomatoes weren't too slimey or waxy, which is always a plus in this country, and it came served with a decent portion of fries. It also came with a side of what could only be described as "pointless fruit." I say this because it seemed to be the most random assortment of bland discount-bin fruit, the kind of "fruit salad" one would find at a Village Inn. Thankfully this didn't really detract from the meal, it was just extra stuff, almost like an oversized garnish (garnishes being another thing I'll never understand).The place itself was nice enough. It was dinner time in Scottsdale on a Saturday night, so we were surrounded by old people and fake tits. There were a few cougar sightings (a common occurrence in Scottsdale), which warranted hushed-tone jokes and guffaws between my friend and I. I don't get the ridiculously huge mirrors that stand imposingly against the far wall, but what do expect from a fancy establishment?All-in-all an a-ok experience. The food is good, and if you stick with a sandwich (chicken or otherwise) you can easily stay within the $10 range. Just watch out for the booze (beer seemed average; cocktails were a bit more).
5	Went here for lunch with 3 other people.  We walked in at 1:15 and were seated immediately outside at the front of the restaurant on a beautiful day.  The restaurant is beautiful and unique and is worth taking a good look at regardless of where you are seated.  Even the rest rooms are worth a visit.  We had a great lunch here.  My friends had the spinach salad and one of the other salads and they really enjoyed them. I had the Chicken Picnic Sandwich and it was outstanding--big sandwich with lots of chicken, gorgonzola, pears, lettuce on a slice of pumpernickel and a slice of white bread.  It came with a large portion of fresh fruit.  Additionally, the waitress was really good.  She was attentive, very informative, and friendly.  I will go back next time I am in Scottsdale possibly for dinner.
5	A true GEM in Old Town !! I have taken friends there on several occasion's and have ALWAYS had a great time !! Never-mind the great food , the ambiance is awesome , I could hang out there all night . A swanky place next to the Mondrian , within walking distance of all the bars and clubs. KUDOS !!!
5	"I must warn you that there will be a lot of really hot men there tonight," Dave told me before we left. "I'll show restrain," I told him. He and Dawn laughed. "They'll almost all be gay." :( But it is one of his favorites and for good reason. Woa, the food was fabulous. The service was ridiculously good and the atmosphere incredible. We sat outside, because we could, and enjoyed the gorgeous night air. I had the Las Brisas Hamburger, medium well. Dave asked me why I would destroy a good burger by ordering it that way and some places will ruin a burger when you order it that way, but not this place. It was still juicy and tasty and aromatic. Topped with jalepenos, Monterrey jack and avocado I enjoyed every bite. I ordered dessert. The turtle sundae. The server suggested the chocolate torte thing but I wanted ice cream. Dave got the torte and let me have a bite and I must confess, I should have gone with that. The bathroom, wow. So pretty. They doors are labelled at the bottom, a little hard to find without warning. But inside you are bathed in pink light and surrounded by mirrors. Who doesn't look good in pink light? The mirrors are floor to ceiling, even in the stalls. I have never seen myself...you know. But under pink light it wasn't offensive at all.
5	Moved on from the S.S.S. Plate to French Bistro style Gallettes.  Excellent appetizer of crisply toasted flat bread (thin & brittle) topped with small bits of bacon, sweet caramelized onions, chips of black olives and a sprinkling of parmesan cheese. Together with Dr. L's Riesling was delightful on the patio with some afternoon shade.For the main course we shared the grilled vegetable platter with the special sauce (one for him and one for her).  A very generous portion of broccoli, carrots, pea pods, cauliflower, purple onions, beans and mushrooms.  Being an occasional vegetarian the grilled veggies are superior to steamed and other forms of preparation.Followup with more water and the large tart key lime tart with real key lime juice and tart to boot... Did I say tart twice?  YESFor those who were aware of the erotic art on the inside near the window (John, is that what I think it is?, Yes, Martha, that is what you think it is.  John, ask the waiter if that is what I think it is.  Sir, is that what she thinks it is? Yes, that is what she thinks it is and some people have been offended but most take it in stride)... Well, you yelpers who read this far the "art" is gone but there is an old NYC cab hanging from the ceiling plus the names of hundreds of NYC cab drivers on the wall behind the bar.
5	By far my top 5 places I have to eat it when I visit my homeland, Scottsdale, AZ. I love it when people complain that this place is pretentious... why because it is the only place in AZ that is consistently great and has been running since 1988 (far longer than most places ever make it in the dale), because the wait staff is extremely competent and actually looks great and groomed? Because they actually care about the design of their restaurant and support artists and have an extremely interesting and topical rotating art installations several times a year? Or because they have the best drinks in the city, THE MOSCOW MULE IN THE COPPER MUG IS AMAZING!!!!, and the best chicken sandwich and waffle fires I have ever had. Then yes it is pretentious, and I LOVE IT. This place also rocks because they have been putting up with my mom and her friends for 20 years and their silly requests. Like, saying they want their food on a plate not in a basket, they need their diet cokes in the tallest pilsner glass with extra cups of ice, five sides of buffalo blue cheese sauce, and helping them with their strategic seating requests so that they can view every patron that enters and exits..... now come on, that is some service!
4	Love the drinks, food, atmosphere.
5	Every time I am in the Phoenix area, I have to come here. HAVE TO. I am not trendy, I am not hip, I am not with it and yet I feel so cool when I walk in to this streamlined coolly lit, dj playing place. Why must I come here? They make an excellent mai tai (my obsession) that is the perfect amount of sweet and tangy. They have Pimm's cups too, which I also adore, especially after a long sweltering day of sitting by the pool. (I know, life is rough!)The food is super excellent as well. I love the dipping fries with the three sauces and the gallette appetizers. I dream about their perfectly executed cobb salad. Seriously, it's that good. And recently, my friend got their burger and I discovered that TOO was amazing! You seriously can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The staff is really friendly and on top of it. I've been here on really busy Friday nights and super quiet Tuesday evenings and am always treated with the utmost respect and care. Its been a great place for groups (6+) or for just a romantic duo. It's really cool and classy without being pretentious, uppity or trying too hard. Seems unlike the rest of the Scottsdale cougar scene and more laid back. I really enjoy it here and am already dying for another cobb salad.
5	Upon my 4th visit in which I enjoyed amazing snacks and strong drinks, I've decided to shout my love from the rooftops. Oh AZ 88 how I love you! You have the best drinks (ok I've only tried one type of drink), wonderful food (ok, ok...I've only tried one sandwich) and excellent people watching (THIS I can attest to)...and the bathrooms are crazy. I personally like the Pink girls bathroom...oh and the Unisex one is cool too! Apparently a lot of "architects" hang out here...at least I overheard 3 tool-bags say LOUDLY (of course just loud enough for the ladies nearby to overhear) that they were architects. Do women really fall for that? My intellect says the dumb ones do. Ironically enough, I was meeting a friend there who IS an architect...so he and I had some fun with that. The next few times that I went there was a great mix of people...so don't let the architect thing sway you. Ok...here's the down low. I HAD to order a Grey Goose martini dirty with blue cheese olives...and it was DEE-LISH! Seriously, one of the better martinis I've had in town. And come to think of it, it's the only drink I've had the 4 times I've been there. Ha! I guess I'm a creature of habit. Now to the food...you must try the AZ 88 Chicken Sandwich. It's a grilled chicken breast smothered in hot wing sauce, blue cheese dressing and sauteed celery (similar to pickles...but not as tangy). I struggle with trying anything new because this sandwich is so good. It is messy and drippy and amazing! I have also had a bit of the Au Poivre burger and that was really good too...but I love my little spicy, drippy sandwich! Lastly, they have super cute bartenders. They pour strong drinks, give suggestions on the menu (even though I don't listen) and even shared with us the best nights to stop in. Thursdays are apparently not too busy from what I could tell. Oh yes, and they serve dinner late! They are open until 1:30am for drinks every night of the week and the kitchen is open until 12:30 every night. Ha! Check this place out...you will love it!
3	In Short:  Too chic for its own good, food is ok, ambiance is unique: for good or worse.I went here on a whim because frankly the place looks frekin cool.  The atmosphere is always happening and lots of  good looking people just hanging around.  It's definitely chic and unique, but it feels like that's where things go wrong.  The day I went the music was really loud, it was pretty good selection but it was way too loud.  I had a hard time hearing my friends, I felt like az88 was more of a bar pretending to be a restaurant.  The interior decorations had a Liberace on crack feeling (life sized rhinestone studded dogs???).  The drink menu was great and imaginative, I tried a couple of cocktails.  The food was ok, nothing to write home about but nothing to complain either.  Portions was on the smaller side for the price.  They had a chocolate tart that was pretty amazing, the highlight of my evening.  I might go there again just for that.  I think this is a great place to go have a drink and hangout, not much of a restaurant, it's just too much attention on everything else and not enough about the food.
5	We have been visiting this Valley staple for years. Never have we had a problem with the service, food or drinks. Consistency has always made this place one of my favorites.
5	I will start by saying that when I give a five star review, it means that I love everything about a place and can't wait to return. So is the case with AZ88. The menu is straightforward American food - burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc. But the thing is, they do these 'simple' foods perfectly. The cocktails are great (and strong) as well, but food is definitely center stage here. They have an au poivre burger that is amazing. As soon as I read the description, I just had to have it. It's a 1/2 pound burger with a peppercorn crust (not sure if I remember if it's grilled or not) with a caramelized onion red wine reduction. I ordered the version that also added blue cheese and bacon - great burger classics. For some reason medium-rare burgers usually come to you almost well done at most places. Not here; the burger was cooked perfectly and was super juice. The flavor combinations were perfect and I couldn't put it down. The burger was accompanied by great waffle fries. Waffle fries are the best choice - crispy and crunchy. Another favorite is the chicken-bacon club. OK, so you probably think, "What can be so special about a club sandwich?" This club was well thought out and should set the standard for all club sandwiches. First, the bread is thin and lightly toasted so as not to tear your mouth apart as well as providing a better balance to the other ingredients. The chicken was fresh cooked breasts sliced, layered with amazing smoky thick-cut bacon, just the right amount of lettuce, tomato, and cucumber (yes, cucumber). They also slice the sandwich in half (not quarters). So smart as it totally helps keeping the sandwich together when you eat it. The decor is very cool as well. The restaurant is one big room with soaring ceiling. The entire front is constructed of all glass and steel and the great bar runs the entire side wall. The interior of the room itself is has lots of mirrors and eclectic decor but feels trendy, modern, and now. They also have a very cool front patio to enjoy when it's not too hot. I can't wait to eat my way through the menu. Unfortunately I don't live in Scottsdale, but looking forward to my next visit.
4	I am not a "pretty man"...no I'm really not...stop it...you're making me blush! :-)Really, even though The Beautiful Carin tells me that I'm "adorable", I am really more of a "regular joe"...a (youngish) middle aged "everyman".I am reminded of this fact each and every time I stroll in to AZ 88:)There are, indeed, tons of pretty people at AZ 88...lounging, laughing, lingering, loitering, lolling, loving and probably even lusting:)For 20 years (although I've only been here for about 5 of those years) AZ 88 has been one of the "see and be seen" places in Scottsdale.And it shows in the clientele...but they let me in anyway:)It's been a good spot for the Beautiful Carin and I to grab a pre-function cocktail, a relatively cheap burger or sandwich (and a giant martini) or a post-function nightcap.Besides the fact the fact that it's right in my neighborhood, there are several reasons that Carin and I have become fond of this place over the years:)* The food really is pretty good...the burgers, sandwiches, salads and appetizers are generously sized and the waffle fries hit the sweet spot in the crusty/greasy axis of arterial obstruction (I was going to attach the graph I created but Yelp doesn't play that way:)* The food really is pretty inexpensive...I was going to say cheap, but really...it's not cheap, cheap...just inexpensive compared to some of the other places around the neighborhood :)* The drinks are better than pretty good:) I was thinking that they are expensive, but then I looked at the size of these things and the price to buzz ratio becomes a terrific value (again, I was going to attach a very compelling chart that I've created, but no attachment feature for  spreadsheets and charts! :-)* The atmosphere is relaxed and relaxing, but fun and upbeat...does that make sense? It does to me after a couple of AZ 88 Ketel One martini's:) Two of those big ass marti's are like a six pack of marti's from Dick's Hideaway...for a lot less dough:) I'm glad I can walk here and back home:)* There is always something "happening" at AZ 88...at Christmas, the martini glass Christmas Tree...witticisms' painted on the walls, power couples attempting to couple in the unisex loo, music and laughter...what more could you want?:)* Which brings me to the final bullet point of my AZ 88 presentation...the people watching...AZ 88 is like the headwaters of the mighty Columbia River...except that here we have Scottsdale's beautiful people and there we have Chinook salmon...but, respectively, these places are where they go to spawn:) AZ 88 might not be such a blatant meet up spot as someplace like Cream, Dirty Pretty or the W, but for easy conversation, strong drinks and reasonable food, AZ 88 still pretty much leads the pack (again, I put together a trending bar chart that clearly illustrates my point, but I couldn't attach it...oh well if you want the charts and spreadsheets, let me know and I can email them to you:)Pick a nice evening, wander through the park and end up on the deck at AZ 88...that's what we do every couple of months.Enjoy watching people strolling through the park, the cocktails, a chicken sandwich and waffle fries and watch all the mating rituals going on around you...some people might call this decadent and dissolute, but I call it "Thursday Evening":)
4	Great food and great atmosphere, thats what I say about AZ88.  Their sandwiches (in particular the AZ88 chicken sandwich) is one of my favorites.  You can also split the sandwich for $2.50 and you each get your own sides, and half is still plenty of food.  They have a great selection of wines and drinks.  They change the artwork on the wall behind the bar and on the ceiling every couple of months, which is an interesting touch.  They also have an excellent patio!  This is a great place to go for some drinks with friends, or to indulge in their wonderful food.
5	Last night's "free time" was the best!  I had 1 Key Lime martini (not too sweet, a tiny bit tart and delicious) and 1 Coconut martini which was AMAZING.  Allow me to say it again, AMAZING.  Sweet and true coconut flavor!  I want another one now.  The galettes appetizer was very nice, the shrimp cocktail was ok and the desserts we shared were delicious!  The booths are comfy and our waiter was very nice.  Yes, it's a "beautiful people" place, but I was very happy and comfy and wrapped in the haze of good martinis :-)
5	Danielle and Sandra were so excited to take me to this place...telling me that it's so me.  Upon walking in...they were right...AZ 88 had me at hello the minute I walked in!  Cool art, modern space, unique/fun drinks, pretty people and good food!Since there was a wait we decided to hang out at the bar and order drinks.  I think I ordered maybe the gayest drink on the menu...I mean it had sugar confetti in it and champagne!  We also ordered the fries with the three dipping sauces...really good and I loved that they were waffle fries!  When we got to our table, Sandra ordered her usual chicken dish, Danielle got a salad and I got the cheeseburger.  Everything was great and I liked that you got sides of fries and fruit.  The night even got better when I ordered a Caprihana and they gave it to me with a pink sugar stick...seriously this plays KNOWS ME!
5	The first time I went to AZ88 was on a date... well, I got lost, as usual..but it can be tricky to find..or maybe its just me being blonde?? BUT I loved this place.. the entire place is hopping... Ive been there 3 times in the past 6 months..and its always hopping! Love the bar... the patio.. I love the drinks...which are all on the girly side, but I love it! The trendy decor of NY cabs.. super cool and unique.. Love the fries with the dipping sauces..Ive had salads here..and burgers..and its a great point of start for what follows on date nite...OR not.. you can always dump the date..and sit at the bar..trust me, everyone is friendly...so you wont feel like the single single... Watch the bathroom doors....sober I have issues getting the dang doors open...and not feeling like the dumb blonde of AZ88..
4	Came here Saturday night around 9PM, to our surprise it wasn't too busy. While my friend and I waited to be seated, we were lounging on an amazing incline chair that viewed the amazing Phoenix sky.  My friend and I were seated in less than 10 minutes. We were seated outside which was nice, but it felt like we were in the way of everyone's way, but besides that, the place was nice. Our server was ok, nothing too spectacular, I've had better. The art was neat as well! This place was a good place to be "seen" if you get my drift, but the food was just like everything else. I wouldn't mind coming back here to be "seen" and have a couple of cocktails.
4	I feel like I am kind of redundant to post along with the other reviews, but I wanted to add my kudos to a great restaurant. For a place that is very chic and "Scottsdale" I was pleasantly surprised at the affordability of the dinner menu. They make it up in the cocktails, of course. I had the grilled vegetables, which were wonderful. You didn't even need the dipping sauce that came with it. My husband had the AZ 88 chicken sandwich. For $8.50 it came as a huge sandwich, fries, fresh fruit and a pickle. A great recommendation if you are looking for something new and fun to do.
3	I was fully prepared to dislike this restaurant. Minimalist decor with reclining sofas, tiny lowback chairs, flickering glass tables (candles on the underside), bizarre wall art, unmarked restrooms, and a wrecked taxi hanging from the ceiling. Wallpaper above the bar of what are presumably the names of cabbies and their hack license numbers.I was disappointed in my anticipated dissatisfaction. The food was good! The service very polite (if a bit less than prompt) and the prices reasonable.We started out with some shrimp cocktail (standard, they didn't mess it up) and an appetizer called Hell's Fire Chips. Home made potato chips smothered in crumbled blue cheese and drizzled with hot sauce - awesome!The mini bottled Coke is tasty, but at $2.25 for 8 ounces a bit pricey.The music was eclectic and present but not so loud as to drown out conversation.For mains - an Alfredo burger and an All-American grilled cheese. Both came with waffle fries, a pickle, and assorted garnish. Both were tasty, but not awesome.Desert - Black-Out Torte (chocolate mousse on a chocolate torte). Very tasty, rich - but not decadent. Served with a bit of whipped cream and strawberry drizzle.Overall not bad. Not too overpriced for a downtown Scottsdale eatery. Steps from the Scottsdale Center for Performing Arts, worth stopping by before or after a show. (They stay open late)
3	It's annoying here. I've been many times, the service is always good. But the restroom doors, hideous art pieces and boring menu are not cute anymore.
3	It could be 4 stars...but I live with a student budget so I can't be a fan!. I went there to have some drinks, and their list is large. My friend's Hemingway request was not able to be fulfilled, but instead they were able to prepare something else (the name is gone) that was really good. Good service, decoration is really relaxing and with this...I finally went out to a fancy Scottsdale bar!!!
5	Elsa's Chicken Sandwich....THE very best! Whoever Elsa is, I would like to meet and thank (and possibly make out with). This chicken sandwich is perfect.Tender flat white meat covered in a dragon sauce with green peppers and pecans. My gf couldnt stop eating my fries and the drinks...don't get me started! Everything features a VERY strong pour.Tip your bartenders well! They are really taking care of you here.Like cucumbers? Try the tasty Moscow Mule! Vodka with cukes and ginger beer served in an old school copper mug. One of the best drinks out there!The atmosphere is fantastic and I have been coming here for well over 10 years. They always have some cool art featured in the place and the location is a bit off the beaten track...meaning less tourists and more locals. For the tourists reading this that are coming to Scottsdale--You're Welcome.
3	This one is tough.  It's clearly a popular place and was packed at 700 pm on a Saturday when we went.  The food itself was good, not spectacular but worthwhile.  The ambiance was odd.  I felt like many people there thought they just came from a broadway play in new york and stopped by to have a sandwich and glass of wine.  It's just a little stuffy for my liking but it reminded me that we had actually been there 2 or 3 years before.  Didn't know the name before because we went there late night before and stumbled upon it with a group.  We went there because of Yelp but probably won't go back unless it's for late night food.  The dipping waffle fries, bacon wrapped chesnuts, and jalapeno chicken sandwich were all good.  However, the waffle fries at Chik Fil La are just as good.  The chicken sandwich was tasty but we could make it at home and it would be just as good.  Ultimately, we all go out for good food, atmosphere, people watching, and to socialize.  You can get all of things here for sure.  I would personally rather go to any number of other places in Scottsdale or Phoenix though.  BTW, our waitress really did a nice job and tried very hard to be responsive.  Again, that counts for something.
5	There are a million reviews for this place, but I need this for my list- okay?This is one of my friend's favorite places. She moved to New York and so I decided to go here in her honor. Also, so I could rub it in... then, she told me about Bar 89 in NY.  I guess it's basically the same thing, but even better.So, I have to tell you. I love the Pineapple Martini. It's just pretty to look at. A girl next to me watched as I took my first sip and immediately changed her order. You all know that I make love to cupcakes, so imagine what I do to martinis.  I also tried a Pimm's Cup for the first time and loved it. It's so refreshing and hard to describe. It doesn't hurt that it's served in a copper mug either.To top it off, the food is pretty good. I ordered the BLT with avocado and it came with waffle fries. Why does the waffle shape make fries taste so much better? Seriously, I can't resist fries in the shape of a waffle. I've also tried the St. Petersburg potatoes- I like anything with cream cheese and salmon, so those are always a go. I was only going to give this place 4 stars, but then I remembered two things: You can't beat the drinks at AZ88 and the host has to somehow remember what faces go to each name on the list. I was impressed that he was able to do that. It gets packed on a Friday night and he not only finds you in that sea of people, but he also remembers who you actually are. I'd just be running around yelling at everyone because I'd have no idea what the Johnson party looked like.
4	Let's state the facts: AZ 88 has seemed really cool for some years now, but when my freshman roommate and I first discovered it we weren't old enough to get in past 7pm (it's a lounge at dark, and they card).  Having forgotten about AZ 88 for a few years, I suddenly remembered it this Thanksgiving when my friend Jessica and I were both in our hometown (Mesa, AZ) and were going to get together to catch up.  AZ 88 is not in Mesa (anyone from Arizona would find that assumption laughable) but it is in Scottsdale, which is only a short drive from our parent's East Mesa abodes.We parked in a lot in Old Town and walked the short distance (though kind of tucked away) to AZ 88.  The bouncer at the door looked...classy...I think that's the best way to describe it.  Dressed in all black, including gloves and a coat.  He took our IDs and granted us entrance.    It was full of people, but not crowded a Christmas-Tree shaped structure which once you get close you realize is completely covered in one dollar bills was the centerpiece of the room.  There is also outdoor seating, but there was a light rain the night we went, so it was not open.A man who opened the door for us (seemingly a manager just on his way in) asked if we'd like a table and swiftly led us right to one; a perfect little semi-circle booth up against the 'tree' with another semi-plush chair pulled up.  The girls (Jess and I) slid into the booth and Ben, who was also with us, took the chair.  We ordered drinks and since Ben and I had eaten neither lunch nor dinner (big mistake of a busy day) we also ordered the Hell's Fire Chips and  Dipping Fries (main picture).  The food was good, I only didn't like the Hell's Fire Chips as much because I'm not a huge fan of bleu cheese.  The drinks were strong and good.The dining area was filled with people  of all ages (well, all ages over 21).  There also seemed to be a large presence of seemingly foreign born people speaking in accents and other languages (which is always nice when you've spent your weekend in vanilla Mesa).The bathroom is intense.  First of all, we had trouble finding it...and almost found ourselves in the kitchen, until a server directed us in the right direction.  At first glance, you can't tell that the large panels are doors--only marked at the bottom with a pink block of color and reading "SHE."  The bathrooms are all mirrors and at the bottom of the sink area there is a small cutout so that a portion of the dining room can see the legs of whoever is washing her hands.  It was very interesting, and kind of funny.The whole place sparks with groups and fun conversation.  I will definitely go back to AZ 88 when I'm in the mood for a nice dining and drinking experience in an atmosphere that is a little more electric than most.My only concern is they had a card tucked into the menu that had a Ronald Reagan quote...a particularly bourgeois one too--about money buying memories--disturbing.
5	I ate here for dinner for the first time last night and I loved it. I was immediately impressed walking in it seemed like everything sparkled. The decor inside was simple, modern, and chic. It made me feel like I wasn't in Arizona anymore. Everything on the menu looked great and I ended up ordering the grilled cheese sandwich with a salad on the side. The food here is really good. I would come back for the side salad that came with my sandwich. I loved the salad so much I forgot I ordered a sandwich! AZ88 is a beautiful restaurant filled with beautiful people and I was surprised that the prices were so reasonable. I think this is a great date spot if you want to impress your date bring him/her here.
5	Always great. Always hip. Moscow Mule is my favorite drink and my girl likes the Caramel Apple Martini--always served to the brim. Hell's Fire Chips are fantastic too, with extra AZ Gunslinger sauce.
2	What a disappointment!  Based on reviews and buzz I selected AZ88 for an after concert dinner and drink.  First of all even with Google maps hard to find.  Secondly waitress was terrible.  No personality.  Didn't check back on drink status.  Third food was mediocre at best.  Fourth the music was so thumping loud couldn't even talk to table mate.  Fifth vibe was cold.  Never again.  Don't understand why this restaurant is still open when so many good ones have gone under.
4	Go for the modern decor, drinks, salad and trippy bathroom. I ate my way through two pregnancies on the AZ88 salad, which is so consistently incredible that I'd consider a third...  okay, not quite that good. But the salad rocks. Watch it on the martinis, they are bigger than they look (no hate yelps, please ... I wasn't drinking while prego, I just go there often) and properly strong.AZ88 is my favorite bar to visit around the winter holidays for the festive atmosphere, although I wasn't a fan of the money tree this year ... bring back the martini glass tree! More sparkles.
4	On my first ever visit to Phoenix and not being a local, I think we stumbled across one of the locals favorite destination places. Tucked behind a parking garage and a plaza across from the Performing Arts Center in Scottsdale, this place was worth the hunt to find.  The outdoor patio and the immaculate artistic interior which changes monthly won us over.  I will have to give it four stars however as the dinner food didn't seem to match the minimalist interior. I would definitely consider this a lunch or a cock tailing locale.
1	First i would just like to start this off by saying this is for their service, not for their food, or their lack of even mediocre service which kept me from dining here.First off, this location is really pretty hard to find...but considering the reviews you yelpers left about the great atmosphere and pretty decent food, i was down for the hunt and excited to try some place new.   When i walked up, i found the place to be pretty hip and a place i would like to try, but INCREDIBLY over-crowded. But again, i figured it was worth the wait and to possibly sit through a dinner touching elbows with a fellow diner. Sometimes you just make the best of it.However, when first walking up we were greeted...no i take that back, we were interrogated and asked for our ID's.  Really?  Not even a "good evening ladies, welcome to AZ88, may i see your ID's please?"  I mean come on.  I work in customer service too...put on your fake smile and make your way through the night w/o me feeling as though i've become a burden on you. Also, since when do i need an ID to eat a burger? Chili's serves alcohol too and i don't get carded/interrogated when i walk through their doors.So we show ID's, get the stare down you always get going into a night club, unless your ancient looking that is, and he poorly directed and quietly said they were taking names inside. Ok, that's great....where do i get inside?  Oh, over there, where people are pouring out at the seems of every inch of the opening, which is by the bar...of course.  i should have known.  After making our way past more than a handful of people waiting, at least with a drink in hand, my friend and i still had NO idea where their podium was to take names for a waiting list.  Well, that would be because they didn't have one! All servers, hostess/host, and busboys were all wearing the same thing, and it was equally as hard to get their attention as it was to tell them apart. No one was willing to help, the people in that place were beyond stuffy and sloppy...and while i understand it was a Friday night, i left and went to another place not too far from AZ88, waited about 45 min for a table, and would have done that 50 times over because of their pleasant service and down to earth people than ever deal with a place who failed to serve/help me in ANY way.
4	At the start of the Old Town drag by the courtyard of the Scottsdale Museum of Contermporary Art (SMoCA) and an art piece dedicated to LOVE stands a longtime jewel of the Old Town scene. At this place, you feel concious of how you appear for there are beautiful women and handsome men with their lovers, and stalkers, laughing, smiling, flirting, kissing, loving... life... and AZ88. This restaurant/nightspot has been a subject of lore. At this place the martinis are big and kickin and for an evening you can feel simply beautiful and sexy. The music is pumpin with sick beats by their dj upstairs. There's an art piece in the center that exudes sex...iness. And the bar reminds you of how this LA-esque place is here in our turf but Scottsdale is not Phoenix, it's a bit of San Diego, a bit of Santa Monica, a bit of the Marina in San Fran. And you realize that its handsome men with handsome men and hot women with sexy ladies and everything in between. This is the place for gay men and women, and straight allies. The drinks are delish, and exquisite, here a glass of something with bubbles just makes sense, couple it with a martini or two with shaker makes sense. And their burger au poivre just messes with the senses... it's overwhelming and so good! This place is contemporary chic. Not ikea chic like its hot cousin FEZ in our cenpho which in my opinion is attaining landmark status on central. This place celebrates the hotness of the old town crowd. So if ever I want a late night place, and want to see and be the scene. I head over with some hot teases and have a fun time. hope to see you there one night, just wink.
2	terrible cocktails. didn't eat.
4	We had a business lunch there yesterday and it was packed with the Arts festival going on. The City of Scottsdale is having an arts festival this weekend and it is very cool! We went after and there were two stages, lots of booths and even a kids area!Back to AZ88, I guess the reason you are reading this! There was a line to get in (although we took patio seating outside and got to sit right away). The couple in front of us had a little marital "tiff" as the wife didn't want to sit outside. The temps were in the 70's and this couple was from Wisconsin, but hey their loss was our gain! As usual the food was excellent! I had the club sandwich with bacon and chicken.  The waffle fries (my favorite by the way) were a little skimpy but I made it work, with the huge sandwich that was served!However on this visit, the service was not that great. One person in my party (there were three of us) asked for extra dressing with her salad, when she needed it (about 15 minutes into the meal) she finally just got up and went to ask for it. Same when we wanted the check, our waitress was nowhere to be found. Took forever to get our check and then when she never came to get our payment we just went inside.That being said, when there is not an event happening, this place has good service, funky bathrooms (and I mean FUNKY) and free wireless! When I want a quiet "working" lunch this is the place I like to go.
3	I liked the atmosphere there, interior is unique, all of the walls are glass all around.  It was booming last night when we were there.   it is very loud in there so if you are looking for a quite atmosphere, this is not it. They don't seem very organized with respect to having a visible hostess, getting you seated and ordering.  It took us 15 minutes before getting menus.  Once we did get acknowledged by the server, she was attentive.   We started off with the galettes w/chopped olives, bacon, carmelized onions and some parmesean cheese w/tomato slices on the plate.  It had a smoky flavor that was really good.  Think of these like a super thin cracker.  We then had the waffle fries w/three dips.  - Two words - yum - my!  The dips were fantastic.  The menu is simple, mostly hamburgers, chicken sandwiches & salads.  The menu doesn't seem to match the atmosphere.  The burger (Au Povoire) was very good.  Beef burger, bacon, red onion on a fresh bun.  It's worth going once.  They have an awesome outside patio you can sit on as well.
4	Great spot.  Always a good vibe, food is consistently good, and drinks are tasty and strong.  When we have out-of-town guests, this is where we go.  You can't beat the price, quality, and vibe.  One of my favorite all-around Phoenix/Scottsdale restaurants.  Try the AZ88 Chicken Sandwich , Asian Shrimp, Summer Soltice Martini, and the chips and dip.
4	AZ88 defies categorization. Location? Total suck. Tucked away behind an obnoxious parking garage in the middle of *shudder* Old Town Scottsdale. Completely and totally inconvenient for Phoenicians who don't want to drive half an hour home sloshed. I know, I'm such a party pooper. Watching the other sloshed drivers run their SUVs with rooftop cargo carriers into the supporting beams is pretty amusing, though. They were Canadian, eh.Ambiance? Schizophrenic, much like the patrons. Lots of mirrors and sleek lines, but not IKEA modern... try Miami Vice modern. Seating is generally tight and uncomfortable, and it's loud as hell. The bathrooms certainly are infamous, being all unlabeled with semitransparent doors and shit. The individual stalls are completely lined with mirrors so you can admire yourself doing your business from all angles. However, either I've lost ten pounds without realizing it or those mirrors are slimming and elongating, like those circus ones. I'd like one at home, please.Patrons? Well, I swear to you that every single time I've gone to AZ88, there has been a bachelorette party, resplendent with plastic tiaras and squealing girls in slutty Forever 21 dresses tipsy on champagne.  Next to them, though, is a couple in their 60s who practically have $100 bills oozing from their pores. Endless examples of plastic surgery, good and bad. Gay boys in tight jeans and spray tans with huge martinis, checking their iPhones. College kids. Cougars. Children. Really. It's like an endless parade of absurdity. Drinks? Now we're talking. You'd think a place this cheesy would have lame watered down foo foo drinks. Au contraire! The drink menu is pages long and chock full of old favorites. Rusty Nail! Brandy Alexander! Bring! It! On! The beer list is manageable but contains obscure favorites such as Chimay (in practically gallon size bottles).Food? Vegetarians, rejoice. AZ88 has a delicious roasted vegetable plate that is big enough to provide three more meals. If you're feeling a little lacto-ovo, go for the grilled cheese (minus the bacon), stuffed full with thick slices of tomato. Really, it's just an excuse to get my paws on those scrumptious, much-ballyhooed waffle fries. The burgers look incredible and both my dad and SO (two of the pickiest, whiniest people on the planet) love them. The desserts are amazing too. I swear their hot fudge is laced with a hint of cherry. Killer.Service? Pretty damn good, given the circumstances. Our server even scared up some BBQ for my fries, even after telling me they didn't have any. Pretty cool.So really? Good drinks, excellent people watching, and goddamn waffle fries? No contest. Now, if we could just relocate a little closer...
4	Thank goodness I read the yelp reviews before going out to meet some friends here, or we would have NEVER found it. Ever.  Even with the tip about it being behind a big dirty parking garage, it took us a while, and then, we couldn't find the bloody entrance, not realizing that you had to go through the patio to get in. Ridiculous. Also, there are two 12" square signs with the name of the place on it, hidden amongst climbing plants.  I guess they're going for the secret cool spot vibe.Surprisingly, we (a group of 6) were sat fairly quickly on a Saturday night...it helped that we had a couple of 20-something stereotypically hot girls with us. We were on the patio, which was nice, and had interesting art (giant lit up potato wedges?) up above, but got pretty chilly around 10pm and there were not heaters.The waiter?  Snarky, witty, and I loved him. Good service and just enough attitude to make it fun, but not have him be an asshole.  The drink prices? RIDICULOUS.  I shouldn't have to pay more than my meal to get a nice St. Germain drink ($14!) -- and all the drinks were served in pretty small glasses, including my iced tea, of which I needed about 7 million refills.I did like the plethora of veggie options, and my partner liked the meaty choices. She went with a BBQ sandwich, while I opted for a dinette sized AZ 88 salad and the fries with dipping sauce.The salad? HUGE, esp for $5, and delicious.  The fries? Almost as tasty as the dipping sauces.  I didn't like the spicy ketchup, but the remolade and the buffalo blue cheese? To DIE for. Yum! All 6 members of our table gobbled their meals.The furniture was interesting...not super comfy, but sit-able.  The women's bathroom? Odd. Really odd.  Mirrors all over, and splashes or urine on the mirrors next to the toilet as if the mirrors had confused someone as to where to actually to pee.  I did, however, LOVE the gender neutral bathroom, and how queer friendly the whole place was.  Versus the rest of Scottsdale, my partner and I actually felt like we fit in.While the drink prices were outrageous, the rest of the stuff wasn't, and we'd totally come back, especially now that we know where it is.  Also, their music selection was excellent!  We found out they had a live DJ spinning, and how amazing is that?
4	Love this place! Mainly because it is modeled from Elsa's on the Park in Milwaukee, WI (where I'm from).  My fav: bacon wrapped water chestnuts , and any salad or sammie and any cocktail :) A little hard to find Scottsdale unless you already know your way around but worth the search! PS Service could always improve here ...
5	Its probably not fair to review restaurants in one's "regular rotation."  We went once a week for about 7 years, but the last two its only been once every six months (due to a new neighborhood, the opening of Hanny's, and the relocation of our favorite dining partner).  And why did we go once a week?--Cheap food and expensive drinks.  The appetizers are great (my fave is the hellfire chips), the salads are great too (and big), and the chicken sandwhichs come with a whole chicken breast - big enough to order w/o a bun and still leave with a full stomach.  And if you are into those foo-foo martini's, they have the best in town.  And always FILLED to the brim.  If not, they have a great selection of everything else.--Great people watching.  There's a diverse mix of people - gay, straight, families, retirees, etc.  Fridays and Saturdays are best for this.--Cool spot.  Michael Johnson did a great job designing the place.  If the name didn't give it away, I'm guessing very few people would know the restaurant has been there 22 years - the building still looks modern and contemporary.  Lots of glass, big white walls - classic.I highly recommend AZ/88.  Its a fancy restaurant with $12 meals.PS - a lot of people complain about the location, but its a great location.  Its on the Scottsdale Civic Center mall next to the Scottsdale Center for the Arts, SMOCA, and the library.  I suppose the folks complaining would prefer it in a strip mall next to Walmart.  Sorry.
5	This is probably one of the more unique, trendy looking places in Phoenix-metro to lounge at.  Everything about AZ88 is eye-candy, literally., from the furniture to the drinks to the decor and of course, the patrons.  Drinks are made really, really tasty.  My usual choice of cocktail is the French 75.  My go-to appetizer is either the waffle fries that comes with three flavorful dipping sauces or the shrimp ceviche! The menu is pretty diverse with a little flair.What makes this place a hit for me are the contemporary, artsy decor making it a refreshing scene to come to compared to other Phoenix-ish ambiance.  Of course, you can't have all these modern, sophisticated attributes without a DJ playing fresh beats and sounds! Bottom line is the look and the vibe makes me feel like I am back in New York or Los Angeles.  I had given a 4-star prior, but I can honestly say AZ88 can hang with the big boys.
3	I have to say I was a little disappointed.  Okay, I don't have to say it, but I will say it.  Had lunch here a few weeks ago when it had finally stopped raining.  Everyone seemed to be on the patio, so that's where I felt we should be to get the most out of the A Z88 experience.  The beautiful people crowd must have still been primping or sleeping, because they were nowhere to be seen.  That's fine.  I find I look much better sitting next to an ugly person anyway.I went with the portobello mushroom sandwich, with onion, tomato, and crispy fried potatoes.  The tomatoes weren't quite ripe, and the potatoes just tasted like an over-browned potato chip.  Does anyone remember Laura Scudders crappy chips?  Kinda like that.The waffle fries, however, were fantastic.  Usually, I'm not a fan of the waffle fry as they are usually undercooked or overcooked.  But these were just right.I had no complaints about service, and the restaurant is nice.  I just thought the food should have been better.  I wouldn't mind giving it another shot and ordering something different though.
4	Wub wub wuuuub AZ88 b/c:1.  Never been rushed, EVER in the years I've been going here.  2.  And we spend alot of time enjoying the Burger Au Poivre (peppery and wine-y) + Picnic Chicken + St Petersburg app3.  Out of towners staying in OldTown, this is walking distance for them for a meetup.4.  Drinks are Scottsdale prices, but the food for sure is not... a great deal for this chill atmosphere!Is the over diligent Give-Money-for-Pet-Charity man still lurking in the parking garage??  I've stopped parking there a few years ago for the Buckboard parking lot -- dude, I love helping out but that little old man was worse than a used car salesman...
3	I have such mixed feelings about this place. I would have given it 4 stars, had the service not been so awful.  :(  Our waiter was too hip to be bothered to do his job properly- um- hello, you're a waiter!- and acted as though he was annoyed to wait on us.  It seemed we were always waiting for something- napkins, water, the bill!On the upside, we sat outside and this place has an awesome patio!  I ordered the picnic chicken and switched out the pumpernickel bread for wheat.  It was really good, reasonably priced,  and came with a mound of fruit! Overall, not a bad experience- I would probably try it again and hope for a different waiter! :)
4	I've heard about this  place for years, but have never gone, until today.  I parked in the garage and walked over.  It was easy to see, as the patio is  covered by red awnings, and the only restaurant in this location that was open and busy with people.  I must say, the garage was clean, I wouldn't expect anything less when it comes to the City of Scottsdale.  There are a couple of water fountains just beyond the patio and loads of grass with mature trees.  This large grassy area often hosts musical guests as a part of the Scottsdale Center for the Arts.  It's really a relaxing and lush area.The patio was very nice, chairs comfortable, good size table, even a leather sofa.  The drink was good and the food was also.  I wasn't impressed with the meager selection, however.  The male host was a darling, but the waitstaff were less than friendly.  Our female server was attentive, but launched at our table to start clearing it as we were all just standing and saying our goodbyes.  This was annoying.  The ladies room (and the men's, I assume) had a door that looked like the wall, no handle, you simply push the door.  Had I not asked for it's location, I never would have found it.  Two stalls, clean and supplied.   Overall, I am happy with AZ 88 and will go again.  I was told by a friend that AZ 88 changes their art selection on a regular basis.  She mentioned this with great affection, as she never knew what to expect.  The crowd was well dressed, I was the only one there with a baseball cap and jeans.  I have no idea what AZ 88 is like on weekends, but it was lovely at lunch time.
4	I come here for the cool vibe and the hipster art that is hanging and changes every 2 or so months.  The more important reason I come here is for the burgers and sandwiches that they have.  The menu has a wide range of stuff that is quite the crowed pleaser.I have never left unsatisfied with my meal and the wait staff is really attentive and not pushy.  You feel relaxed and happy, which is the way I like to enjoy my meal.  The bar is actually really cool, I have yet to drink at it but it always looks like its poppin' so it cant be that bad.  Its also affordable compared to some of the other restaurants located in the scottsdale area.Recommendation:  For a cool, young, hip, and classy place, go here, and for a great meal with 2-6 people.
5	Probably one of my favorite restaurants and bars in Scottsdale/Phoenix. Don't be alarmed by the fact that its in Scottsdale or the swanky appearance of the place... the prices do not reflect that at all! In fact, its almost "cheap" for the consistently good food you get, the cocktails - you MUST get the Summer Solstice martini - and the overall vibe. This is one of the places you'll go for dinner, but would be more than happy just staying at the entire night. The space is really modern with various art rotating and there's a DJ who spins up top in the loft. If you're looking to experience Scottsdale in a classy, don't-break-the-bank way (and actually want to eat a full dinner, not mini "fancy" portions) AZ 88 is a must.
5	Love this place.  Great martini and burger place. Get a mix of olive types with the 'tini. Blue cheese rocks.
5	Great great food.  Best meal I had all week in Scottsdale.
5	AZ-88 is at once chic, urban, fun, and just enough Scottsdale without making me want to stab myself in the face, as a t-shirt-and-jeans-wearing, overweight guy.You'll first notice the atmosphere, and with good reason--it's perfectly lit, with noticeable but not mind-numbingly blaring music, and even better, they have a live DJ who goes through no small trouble to beat match and keep things rolling throughout your Wednesday-Saturday evening dining experience. When I first hit AZ-88, it had an enormous deconstructed NY taxicab suspended from the ceiling which was a fantastical conversation piece. The wall behind the bar was completely covered in names and numbers. (I was far too proud when I accurately guessed that they were the names of cabbies and the numbers were their license numbers.) Overall, a very different, fun look.Comfortable chairs and very full cocktails abound, and while they typically have a rock-steady delivery, more than a little cosmo has ended up in my friend's purse, to her chagrin. That aside, the food is fantastic and even though it's a bit hard to get out of here for under $30 per person (because you simply must try the cheesecake, and drinks are pushing $14), it's worth it as a classy-but-casual night out that you can really enjoy.They have a great patio, the burger is dripping with flavor (and, in fact, cheese), and they have waffle fries with pretty much everything. Great salads and sandwiches help round things out, and they ship their cheesecake in from Carnegie Deli in New York which is just about the most perfect cheesecake you'll have the good chance to try. Forget that Cheesecake Factory nonsense, these people know how a cheesecake is done. It is rich, thick, with just a hint of sour, and an amazing flavor that takes your tongue hostage and demands whipped cream ransom.Overall, a wonderful place for drinks and good food with friends, and the staff is pointed but efficient and will throw back any shit you give them, in good humor or, as appropriate, not. (We've never run afoul of that rule, but you wouldn't want to, I assure you.)
5	AZ 88 sets the bar for longevity in a town where eateries come and go hourly. The food is consistently solid, which says a lot for a place as hip and urban as AZ 88. While I've tried nearly everything on the menu at least once during my 20 years of frequenting the place (hell, does that date me or what), my AZ88 standard is the Picnic Chicken Sandwich, with a side of homemade waffle fries, and a Long Island Iced Tea.The presentation of the Picnic Chicken is outstanding and the taste is extraordinary. Juicy pieces of white chicken breast, pears, walnuts, and a slightly spicy Dijon mustard combine perfectly in each sublime bite. But, did I mention the drinks? The Long Island is but one of their many cocktails that are done just right. Outside of weekends, when the place gets crazy, the service is prompt and the servers attentive. There's a certain polish to the service that's unusual in this city, unless you're dining at Houston's. Lounging on AZ88's fab patio, it's hard to imagine a better place to chill - and eat - in the 'dale.
5	Hard to find the location. If your directions take you to 1st street like ours did, park in the shaded structure, and walk west toward drinkwater blvd. It's near the performing arts center.We were worried about being under dressed, but only until a group came in wearing exercise clothes!I ordered a chicken sandwich with honey and jalapenos. The ingredients blended together very nicely. My husband ordered a burger with peppercorn, bleu cheese, bacon, and a special sauce. It was also delicious. His only complaint was that it was a bit heavy on the peppercorn.Portions were huge. I ate just over half a sandwich. Prices were fair. Our meal was under $30, including tax.Make sure you visit the restrooms. The decor and architecture are really neat!
3	I agree that the decor makes you feel like you're not in Arizona.  It made me feel like I was in New York.  In 1988.  The only thing missing were some Keith Haring posters.  It's got a kind of (dated) too-cool-for-it's-own-good vibe that tends to make me hostile.  The $14 martinis (!) didn't decrease my antipathy, nor did the tiniest four-top that I've ever seen, or at least been expected to dine at.   The waiter literally had to remove everything from our table so four dinner plates would fit.However, the food was much better than I expected.  I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich as several people here have suggested and it was excellent.  My wife had a salad that was delicious and plentiful.Service was friendly and charming, if a bit inept.  Bottom line, nice spot with good people watching (and the only restaurant on the Scottsdale Mall that had any customers at all on the night we were there).  Cheap food and extremely expensive drinks.
5	AZ 88 is really great at everything it does.  Burger was one of the best I've had in a long time... get it with all the cheeses, you won't be disappointed.I like the classy drinks, but I would only go here to have a few drinks... not for a night out on the town or anything.  Place is great to go to have great food and classy drinks, good conversation.
5	I love going to AZ88 to hang out, have a cocktail, and people watch.  AZ88 is tres chic with changing art displays and live dj. I especially enjoy sitting on the patio decked out with modern white furniture overlooking SMOCA. Food and drinks are good too. Their menu consists of salads, burgers, sandwiches. The dishes are about $8 - $10 and the servings are pretty large. The cocktails are great but pricey...completely worth it! Try their martini or mojito.
3	Server should have stayed in bed...took order for four...in shifts...first two drinks and then back latter for the other too...dinner was yummy chicken was very moist and flavorful....dinners then brought out one at a time....anyway...fun people watching and pretty easy to get a table...had fun!!
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could but it really was just ok.  All the sandwichs and burgers are HUGE so if you're not really hungry definetly split the sandwich.  I ordered the Asian Chicken Sandwich and it was just ok.  I would've actually just preferred the chicken and veggies without the bread!  Martinis are awesome!  I thought the food was maybe a litle casual for the trendy/chic decor and vibe of this place.  Not sure if I'll return.  PS no happy hour= no bueno.  I think it'd be a good happy hour spot.
4	This is a great late night lounge. The food is not what their strong points are but their St.Petersburg fires and hellfires are also the bomb...
5	Two words: Celebration Champagne.Start with that and go from there to enjoy a fun night out in Old Town. This place is always hopping with locals who know where to find this hidden hot spot. The prices for food are really reasonable, and the portions sizes are generous. I would sell my favorite pair of jeans for one of their grilled cheese sandwiches. The waffle fries are also delicious, as are salads, desserts, and the other sandwiches. I love the rotating art showcased, the sexy bathrooms, and the unique music at AZ88. When the weather is pleasant, sit outside and enjoy views of park and soft breezes. One complaint might be that it can get loud, but that's because people are drinking celebration champagne (or beers, wines, or just plain water). AZ88 is fun with fantastic food. Go on, celebrate.
5	Exciting news! Now AZ 88 is open for lunch! Their salads are amazing whether you get the Cobb or any of their other salads.
4	We had a great time at this place. The wait was only about 10min for Saturday night dinner. Outdoor seating is wonderful due in part to the location in relation to the Civic Center. Our server was great and quick to answer or find the answer to all questions we had regarding the menu. Our food was tasty and arrived at our table quickly. The decor is hip and fun. Overall, a great experience.
5	Came here with some friends for food and drinks. Awesome experience. Joe at the bar was amazing! Very friendly and attentive. All our drinks were done right. Food was good. We had a burger, some wings and waffle fries. Next time, I will have to try their cobb salad or grilled cheese sandwich. I was sharing with the bf and he's a burgers and wings type of guy. The decor is interesting. Mirrors everywhere. Kind of New Yorkish. I never been to NY but I imagined this is how their lounges would be. lol. The bathroom was very interesting. My friend who frequents this place say they change the theme every few months to keep it interesting. I would say at the moment it looks very gay friendly. Especially with "Don't Ask What? Don't Tell What?" on the wall at the bar. Location is slightly hidden. A little hard to find. Might get lost without some guidance. My friend had to come get us at the parking lot. lol.
4	Last year I hit the Karl Kopp sweep, visitng Bar89 in NY, Elsa's and Kopp's in Milwaukee, and AZ 88 and Hanny's here in the desert.  I love that I can get an Alfredo Burger when I'm back east, because that and the Au Poivre Burger are two of the best in town.  I've been coming here for a long time, and since I work so close I usually end up here once a week for a drink or dinner or both.  What can I say that hasn't been said before?  Minus 1 star for the annoyingly loud music, but I guess some people like not being able to have a conversation.  I've noticed that the service has steadily gotten better over the last few months, not that anything was wrong before, but tonight and the last few times I've been, it was bordering on Mary Elaine's-ish levels of service, which is pretty freakin great for a burger spot with loud dance music.  Great place.
5	I love this place!! It has not changes for 20 years!!! Crazy I know. The story behind this fantastic little martini/restaurant bar is that it is owned by Karl Kopps from Milwaukee, WI and it has sister bar in Milwaukee that is called Elsa's. Both have the same vibe and menus. What's interesting is that the artwork rotates from place to place and keeps the vibe changing. I highly recommend the burger!  Yes, I said BURGER... as in Hamburger!  It's awesome. Therefore, kick back and savor a martini while chilling to good tunes and munching on a hand-packed piece of Americana! The bottom line: if your looking for a chic little place that always has a a great vibe. Than this is your spot. PS. Be prepared to wait for a table or come early as they so get packed!!
4	My go-to place for casual dining: burgers and a martini..  The APV II is my go to burger.There's nothing I don't like about it.  And I've felt that way for 20 years.
5	Delicious men bi- gay and straight combined with great drinks and a guaranteed freak show in a great way can't stop me from always ordering the yummy BLT .I can't wait to get there again.
5	I love bringing friends and out of town guests to AZ88. It has such an excellent vibe, stiff drinks, mouthwatering food, and great beats. I always start with a dirty martini and older the Hell Fries. Every bite is special! After dinner, I go for round two and order the espresso martini. Now, lets not forget about all the talk about the secret bathrooms. Basically push the door and enter at your own risk! You will see angles of yourself you've never seen before. It's always great laughter to see what your guests say about their experience. A must go to for date night or night out with loved ones.
4	AZ88, the cousin of Hanny's, brings more glitz and better food selections than is Downtown relative.  My friend had a killer salad with buffalo chicken and I had a tremendously delicious burger with avocado, jalapenos, and salsa.  They were able to accommodate my desire to skip the fruit and veggie sides and go all waffle fries for me.  When I asked for dipping sauces beside ketchup, I got three choices.  I would only complain that their water glasses are far too small, especially for some of their spicier dishes.  I think the expectation is that you have cocktail to help you wash away some of the heat.  Speaking of their cocktails, the martinis, which I have had on a different occasion, are quite good.  This place definitely provides for an evening out and makes you forget that you live in Phoenix.
4	Just got in from an evening out, which included drinks & dinner at AZ 88. Went out with two of my boys and after deciding that it was not in the stars to drive out to DTPHX to try out Fez, I yelped some Scottsdale options and settled on AZ 88. After walking in and seating ourselves, we quickly noted a resemblance to Hanny's...a good resemblance. Plenty of (comfy) seating, mood lighting, glass and mirrors, and chill music. We sat ourselves (as noted) by the modern Christmas tree and our server came by shortly with menus.In terms of service, our server was attentive and showed up when needed and not much more, which we didn't mind since we were in no rush and were enjoying our time there. We started off with the galletes which, while I am not a fan of olives, I really liked. I feel like flat bread is the new "thing", and theirs is pretty good. I had the New Presbyterian to drink and L had the Bellini, both of which were yum. It took us a while to decide on our entrees, but I got the chicken & bacon club sandwich, L had the ahi tuna sandwich, and O. had the hot pepper chicken sandwich, all of which we we really liked. The fries were BOMB and I wish that more had come with my sammy :( I also liked that all sandwiches come with fruit which was also good. The sandwich was goooood, not extraordinary but above average. It was a little dry for my liking so I asked for a side of ranch which made a world of difference. To finish it all of the three of us shared the strawberry shortcake and the super-chocolate-mousse-cake-thing. The crowd was really chill, it wasn't very packed but it was a Monday night. I can imagine how beautiful the area is in the daytime and the patio is really nice as well. For the price, it's somewhere I'd definitely come again.
4	My girlfriend recommended we go to AZ88 for my birthday dinner on Sat.Dec.11th. I was a little hesitant from looking at the website at first but decided to just go with it! What a good idea that was! About 30 people ended up showing up and AZ88 was so good at adding chairs/tables to our dinner group. We started off with celebration champagne SO GOOD! I loved it I think I had 3 glasses of it. I am a vegetarian so I was happy to see the salads and the size! I ended up taking half of it home. I had the Four Seasons Salad (A wonderful salad made with the freshest of leaf lettuce,tomato, radish sprouts, avocado, black olives, mushrooms, red onion and bell peppers. Served with your choice of Bleu Cheese, Thousand Island, Ranch, Balsamic Vinaigrette, or fat-free Raspberry Vinaigrette $8.50). My boyfriend and 2 of my other friends ordered AZ88 chicken sandwich and they all loved it. I heard they are famous for their chicken sandwiches. The prices are almost shocking seeing how much food they give you/the atmosphere. I didn't get the chance to try the strawberry shortcake but I have been told it is super delicious. Definitely will be coming back on a Friday/Saturday night. Definitely a great place to go for dinner and drinks before some late night partying :)
5	Love that AZ88 makes me feel like I'm at a swanky restaurant, but the food is good ol' sandwiches n waffle fries at an inexpensive price. Patio has a beautiful view!
2	Pros:*Totally awesome ladies room, it feels like you are in 1987 and have been hanging out with Jem all night.*Neat space; big open room with huge windows.  Cons: *Food was unimpressive; not bad, but certainly not good.  My friend had the bonfire chicken (or something like that...) and it looked great.  No complaints there.  I had the portobello sandwich, which as about as exciting as any lame, "no creativity here" vegetarian entree can be.  My husband had the las brisas burger, which was fine but forgettable, and clocked in at a quality level $7 burger, not $11.*Uppity ambiance without packing any punch.  I mean, we've all got to put on like we are the sh*t, but you gotta be able to back that up with SOMETHING.  This place doesn't.  Except the ladies room... I was serious about that.  *Server was totally over it... or us.  Maybe both, I don't know.  We asked about beer prices which weren't listed, and were told they were "all about the same," but when the bill came, one was $2 more than the rest.  Not a big deal, but kinda annoying.  It was almost entertaining how he managed to make it seem like we were taking up his time, not the reason for his time.  Alas, one bad server does not a bad experience make.  There are just so many great places to eat that meet the marks on all levels, we just can't quite see going back to this one... unless we are walking by and really need a quick bathroom break!
4	My boyfriend and I were trying to find a late dinner spot and this was perfect. Nothing is open for dinner past 11 that is decent so we decided to try it. We got the club. It was huge and really good we split it. Food was excellent and bartender was friendly.
3	AZ88 is a tough one.  Visited this restaurant twice while in Scottsdale.Keep in mind I went early afternoon, so the place was practically empty.Drinks at the Bar - Great choice if you want a quick Margarita in the afternoon.  Drinks are made well with top shelf ingredients.Dining at the Restaurant.  Food is actually pretty good (once it arrives).  The service is the real curve ball.  Took three different servers to get a coke and a sandwich, it's like they are trying to work as a team, but it just doesn't happen.  Our waiter was nice just not very good and awkward.You get the feeling the staff was hired to appeal to a certain demographic, and beyond that they are kind of useless.The Bathrooms - ummmm yeah, for a club in Miami circa 2002 maybe, for a place that doubles as a restaurant in 2011, no go guys, comes off really weird and tacky.  Mirrors, think mirrors !!One reviewer mentioned the vibe is ultra chic, where you get the feeling they are too cool to just relax and serve good food, and I definitely felt that.Something's missing here, and I am not 100% sure what.
3	The place looked REALLY REALLY nice. I like the bathroom the most, very cool looking.The staff there didnt' know how to crack a smile though.  All the waiters and waitress seemed very somber and serious, not once did a see a smile during the 2 hour lunch that I was there.  Food wise was also just O-k, I had a burger and the criss-cut fries, but the fries looked better than it tasted.  I expected the fries to have a nice crunch, but it turned out soft and slightly salty.  =/ Boo, they really looked good too.  The burger though was pretty nice, so i'll give them that. Overall, if it wasn't for the nice decorations of the restaurant, I would not come back.
4	Went to AZ 88 recently while in Scottsdale and was not disappointed.  We sat outside at lunchtime while there was music playing in the park.  I should note that anytime I can eat outdoors (I live in Chicago so this is not a usual thing) it bumps the whole experience up for me.  The decor was pretty trendy and modern.  I must say to try out the (women's) bathroom as I thought it was pretty cool.  The service was quick (once our waiter found his way to our table) and my boyfriend and I spilt one of the sandwiches (chicken, bacon, avocado) and for 2.50 (I think) we each got our own basket with fries and fresh fruit/veggies.  I would give it a higher rating but the food was only good (maybe it was our food choice) and they put mayo on the sandwich after I asked for it to be on the side.  Also they serve a soda in a small glass bottle which is one of my pet peeves.  Just give me a normal sized soda!  Overall good experience and I would definitely recommend if you are in the Old Town area.
4	Really cool, hip place.  I loved the vibe, decor and people watching.  The food was good and the prices were much lower than expected.  If I was here when it was wamer and could have waited/drank out on the patio probably would have given them a 5.  There indoor waiting space was crowded and felt like I was intruding on the people dining.
3	Almost seems like a mindless waste of time to review a restaurant with 170+ reviews at time of posting, but since AZ 88 had been on my to do list for such a long time, I feel compelled to waste 20 minutes on this Saturday afternoon.AZ 88 was not entirely what I'd expected; in some ways this was good, in others not so much, but there are a few scenarios where I'd feel inclined to run back as fast as I can. Unfortunately, they are doing a few things here that I just can't jive with, and I'm not entirely sure why they are doing them. My visit was early on a Wednesday night, no sign of the "gay bar vibe" that I'd been told about, instead it was an eclectic mix of tourists, large groups of friends, gay couples, older more sophisticated looking types, etc. It was nice to be in an old town restaurant that was both bar centered and drew a more sophisticated clientele. I'm also glad it wasn't a gay bar, like many had "warned" me that it would be. Bar service here was attentive and helpful, but the one bartender they had on was far too busy to answer any questions I had about the menu or drinks, which was unfortunate, because he seemed like he would be happy to help if not for being so overwhelmed with work by himself. While I waited THIRTY minutes for my Au Proive II Burger, I overheard the couple next to me talking about their past sex lives... not something I cared to listen to, and while not the restaurant's fault, it made the exhorbant wait for my burger even longer. I could have stomached the wait a little better if this place had even one television. I wasn't into the thumping house music and virtually no visual stimulation. The burger itself here was very well prepared, extremely tasty, and served with a nice array of fruit, veggies, and waffle fries. It had a great Burgundy sauce, bleu cheese, and bacon. The burger itself was peppercorn crusted and delicious. The bottom line: AZ 88 serves up some pretty good food, and provides a fun atmosphere that I feel is best for large, loud groups. Solo diners need not apply. Prices here are out of control. One burger with no drinks and a 15% tip = $16.50
5	Great place. Awsome dirty martini. Love the burger au pois II . And the friendliest staff. Joe is great bartender. Sitting on the patio in the spring is great.
3	Love the look of the place, love the location, loved the ceviche!  All we had was iced tea and lots of it and ceviche here as we were just 3 old babes looking to gossip, and the place wasn't so busy that we had to eat and run...so we didn't.  I think we sat there over two hours.  Nobody bothered us....but, then again, we had a hard time getting a wait staff person when we needed anything.Service wasn't so hot, and we did encounter one nasty eye-rolling, huffy waitress when I said we would like to sit on the porch (how was I to know they had a wait list for that on my first visit?); and they did bring out the wrong order which they just gave us then at no charge (either that or it ends up in the garbage the waitress told us).  OK, let me be honest here:  the service sucks overall here...I mean, realllllly sucked.  However, for ceviche lovers--and this is all I can review on as this is all I ate--was just wonderful tasting if you're really into that lemon/lime flavor cause their ceviche is drowning in it...and I loved every minute of eating it to the point I wanted to pick up the little bowl and slurp away. Since I decided that wasn't dignified--after all, I did go to Catholic school that had a professional model/etiquette teacher work with us (ok, she was a pretentious @ss but what the heck...we can't all be perfect), I know better than that.  But it really WAS that good to me...lemon/lime lover that I is.It is fun sitting there looking thru the glass and watching the folks, tho.  Would I go back horrid eye rolling waitresses and all?  Yeah...I really do like my ceviche that much.I forgot to mention that they have these little triangle pieces of pastry crust (I concluded they were pie crust baked in small pita looking shapes), which were really good, too.Great ceviche, great location for people watching, crappy service = 3 stars.  Improve the snotty attitudes on your help, AZ88, and you go 5 stars.(I finally just read some of the others reviews, and see that snotty wait staff is pretty common here.  Are they hiring all the private trust fund babies from Snottsdale to work here or is the Manager here nasty and the help has adopted that attitude, also?  It has to be one of those answers, anyway.)
4	This place is amazing!  Its a great place to grab some drinks and dinner with some friends before starting a night out in Old Town.  I highly recommend the Celebration Champagne...this drink is very delicious!  The chicken wings are a must especially the Asian Soy & Ginger.  The St. Petersburg Potatoes are a great appetizer.  This is a great twist on nachos....a combination of sour cream/cream cheese and salmon.  Try this and you won't be disappointed.  I tried the All American Grilled Cheese and it was amazing.  3 kinds of chesses - American, Cheddar, Colby topped with thick bacon....YUM!  Plus you get a side of waffle fries.  Check this place out for some amazing drinks and eats!
1	No high chair, no thank you....
2	Maybe it was an off night - it happens to the best of us.  I've hung out at AZ88 before several times, but on the night I plan to review the place they were so off.  AZ88 Buffalo CK Sandwich -- I'll eat one or two buffalo CK wing, but to make it a sandwich, I can't recommend.  Too much sauce! Also, make sure you chew fast because after a while the buns begin to go soggy - umm mushy bread with CK cover in buffalo sauce.... (Toast the CK it'll dry some of sauce and give a crispier texture)  Service was off too!  I had 1 beer and 2 waters -- that's all.  If you know me I like a few bottles and at least a jug of water with my meal :) - I know I can't get enough H2O!  I understand the place is popping, but after being seated, there was almost no direction for the wait staff.  Ambience is always cool and love the layout and the feel of the place.  Better luck next time! - Enjoy!
5	I love this place! I've been here on a crazy Friday night, a weekday morning, a weekday night, and a Sunday morning during a festival and I've never had anything but an amazing experience! I went here on my birthday and the food/atmosphere was perfect. To be honest, my server wasn't great (she didn't even notice it was my birthday when she IDed me, or when my friend announced "it's his birthday!") but every restaurant has one of those. The burger Alfredo is insane, it's so good! Just watch out because apparently New Jersey moms frequent this place (probably for the attractive young servers :/) I absolutely recommend this place any time of day!
5	Rad.  This place is simply great.  I have been there both for just the bar scene and separately for just the dining experience (It was post 21st birthday and I wan't about to get a martini, although they are superb).  Out to dinner with the family was great. Everyone loved their entrees and we all tried something different.  Getting 4 out of 4 customers at a table pleased is a feat (especially with my family).  Hands down the BURGER AU POIVRE II (with bacon and bleu cheese) is to die for. Don't even need to look at the rest of the menu.  Waffle fries and the assortment of dipping sauces is also a necessary side.  My 'drinking' experience at AZ88 is even better than my already fantastic dining experience.  Order a Manhattan and order it from Kyle.  He made is perfectly and kept filling up my glass with its remants in the shaker as I sipped it.  How great is that?!?! I also asked for an extra cherry (as always) and he gave me a WHOLE CUP OF CHERRIES.  Again, How great is that?!?! And it gets even greater.... so we all took a fancy to Kyle and asked him to create us a cocktail.  Shockingly (I know) it was great and as he listed off its constituents I was estatic to learn that he had included  ST. GERMAIN in his creation.  Ladies and gentleman, St. Germain is my FAVORIE liqueur and is used in but few cocktails.  *Sidenote - AZ88 is a supposed gay bar at night ... however on this particular Saturday it didn't seem at all like BS West and was fairly quiet... great place to actually have a conversation.  This specific Saturday might be the exception to its usual crowd and volume... I'll go back to confirm or disprove this another weekend.  :)
5	Beautiful place, beautiful art, beautiful people. Great cocktails and awesome food. I stumbled on this looking for the entrance to the Hotel Theodore. Glad I did. This place is so cool. Located right in Old Town Scottsdale where you can walk and enjoy the scenery. Love it!!
4	I visited AZ88 with my fiancee, our cousins from El Mirage and a pair of friends from Peoria while visiting Arizona. They had all been here and the cozy hot spot came highly recommended.We all thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Four of us arrived early and parked adjacent to the restaurant (and the nearby Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art). We walked around the beautifully-landscaped exterior of AZ88, and eventually settled in.It is a wonderful and beautiful space, complete with rotating art exhibits. We had a back corner seat with the booths that reclined... amazing! We were greeted immediately by the manager, and our waiter. We started with two appetizers: Hell's Fire Chips with the bleu cheese on the side, and the Dipping Waffle Fries with dip trio. I enjoyed both, especially the spicy chili ketchup on the fries which was in the dip trio.I started with one of their artisan-crafted martinis which was delicious, large, and filled to the brim. I followed that with a cocktail recommended by the waiter, also great.For my meal, I ordered the eponymously-named Cheeseburger. It is created to order with your choice of American, Swiss, Cheddar, or Colby cheese... or all four. I opted for all four. There were a variety of toppings available, and I selected grilled onions. I had the burger cooked medium. It was ok... not a great burger. I think it might be a pre-made patty? Or just a bland beef mix... it was the only not-so-great thing about the experience. The burger, for me, kept it from being five stars.My vegetarian fiancee ordered a Four Seasons Salad with grilled shrimp and goat cheese. She found it to be superior.The other guests unanimously enjoyed their meals as well as the drinks and appetizers.The bathrooms were also very upscale (although a bit dark). I was told that the female restroom was equally clean, though much brighter.The waiter provided superior service with a bit of fun, adding to the conversation and making some light-hearted jokes with us. After the meal, we departed and I realized I had left my phone. By the time we called, the manager had locked it in the office and welcomed our return to claim it. He was quick and helpful while helping us reclaim the phone.All-in-all... four stars. It's a beautiful restaurant with good food, great service and an excellent bar.
5	Yeah it was good. Went with 2 foodie couples, who are good friends, for our monthly "side dish" function.  The food was all fantastic.  All 5 of the other people in our group were drinking martinis, which they all said were very tasty as well, but at $12-$16 per, I'm a little put off.  I'm more of a beer guy anyway, so I had a couple of craft-brews that are not available everywhere, and then settled on a Firestone DBA -- a very very tasty beer -- and had several of those.  Great food, great booze, club music atmosphere is pretty cool. Outdoor area is excellent. Felt like an idiot when I had to ask where the mens room was only to turn around and find that the huge wall of a door was right behind me and said "he" in huge letters on the bottom of the door.  Oh and then (6 or 7 strong beers into the evening) I found that the mirror next to the (only) urinal in the mens room misled me into believing there was a second urinal, which I tried unsuccessfully to walk to.  Why is that guy walking directly toward me?  Oh, it's me.  In the mirror. Dumbass.  So then (after relieving myself in the actual urinal) I go back out to the table to tell the story about trying to use the urinal in the mens room that doens't exist, and somebody else says "yeah the same fucking thing happened to me too!" so I don't feel like such a dumbass anymore.  Fun night.
4	This place is an oldie but goodie.  Not the trendiest restaurant (any more).  Back in the day, the placement of the bathrooms and the fact that the DJ was on the second floor spinning was mind blowing!  Now it is populated more by folks who were walking around the mall and wanted a place to eat.  This is not a bad thing at all. I used to feel like I have dress to the nines to come here.  Now I don't get as stressed coming in.  The drinks are still great.  Strong and well executed.  Don't miss the Pimms Cup by the way.  Only Hanny's does a similar one and I think Az 88 executes it better.  They have mini hot fudge sundaes which make me super happy.  The food is standard and filling.  Overall, I think I might need to put this back in the rotation.
4	They offer celebration champagne. Ya know.. with the colored sugar crystals. Kinda like Rainbow Brite's star sprinkles. But for grownups. The girlie girl in me squealed like a little piglet in delight :)While I've had one meh dish here, I've had far more awesome ones. I'm sure I don't have to mention that this is indeed one of the best buffalo chicken sandwiches I've ever had, and the same is probably true for most. It's messy. It's spicy. It's hot. It's goodness. The perfect amount of flavor and kick and enough to make you just full enough. Oh? You need more proof? The waffle fries are out of this world. Waffle fries are one of my favorites in the fry family and the ones at AZ88 do not disappoint. Not too undercooked. Not burnt. Just right. They'll also help take the edge off the sandwich for those of you that could use that.I've also really enjoyed the picnic chicken sandwich, which is enough to feet multiple people for a picnic. The sandwich is light and summery and there's lots of yummy fruit on the side. I feel like I should be in one of those hidden valley ranch commercials out on the rolling hills with the trees when I'm eating it.The service is pretty average but nothing extraordinary. The place is swanky though and the bar is fully stocked. With reasonable prices, great food and swanky decor, this is an all around win if you are looking to impress.. others or just yourself!!
5	I love this place! I have been coming here for ages.My favorites: Elsa's Chicken sandwich, any of their burgers, dragon chicken wings, china's little chicken sandwich, and the hot pepper chicken sandwich. The atmosphere is always fun and the art they display is very abstract but totally cool!
5	I have not been to AZ88 for a few years (no reason why, just haven't) but the place is still the great place I remember from many long nights there from years ago. Still have great cocktails and the burgers are some of the best in the Valley. Service always was and still remains great. Highly recommend.
1	I have been three times since moving to AZ, and the last two were ot by choice.  I have yet to leave without an awful headache from the ridiculously loud music.  It is cramped and the food is no better than what you'd order in a drive thru.  The prices are outrageous and the staff is less than 'happy'.  I don't know what AZ88 the other posters have been to yielding these great reviews, but if an awful headache and overpriced drive thru food served from unhappy cramped environments interests you, then this is your place.  I will never go again, even if forced.  Turn down the music and I may consider it...avoid!
5	I can't come to Scottsdale without going to AZ 88.  The cheese burger and the waffle fries can not be beat!  If you have room (the burger is huge) order the cheese cake from the Carnegie Deli.
5	Our food was great and the dirty martini I had was even better!  I loved the cool decor and the friendly atmosphere.  I am definitely going to make this a "to do" on my happy hour list.
4	I love this place. I've enjoyed their galettes before but on this latest excursion, it was midnight and we were coming from Mabel's on Main so I was in the mood for something a little more. Husband and I split the Brisas burger. I love the idea that you can split the burgers because half of one with a serving of waffle fries is more than enough for a meal! The burger was juicy, cooked the way we ordered and had just the right amount of spice.This is a great place for lunch, dinner or a late night bite after a fun night out. Service was a little indifferent but not incompetent. I'll be back again.
4	Came here for lunch while we were in town at about 1:30 p.m. on a Saturday.  The place was DEAD.  Like I'm talking we were one of three tables.  That usually scares me away from a place, but we stayed anyway.The food was actually really good.  Husband ordered a chicken sandwich with cucumbers and something else that seemed strange, but he really liked it a lot.  It looked pretty messy, though.  I ordered a cheeseburger that was amazing.  Perfectly cooked and dripping with cheese.  I love me some waffle fries and these were pretty good.  I'd prefer them a tad more crispy, but they were definitely good.
5	I'm always up for going to AZ88!!This place has been around forever, but I love it every time I come.  I always order some type of chicken dish, and lately it's been the AZ88 chicken.  I love the spicy chicken with the celery with the mayo sauce!  Yummy!  Their strawberry shortcake dessert is also delicious!My favorite drink there is called "Celebration Champagne".  So good!!  It comes with some type of pop-rocks kind of candy that gets sprinkled in by the waiter when he delivers the drink and it fizzes up.  Love it!
5	by far one of my fav places to hit in the valley!!! their cocktails are absolutely stellar!!!! and atmosphere never fails to surprise me and please me. the food is fantastic, ive never had a bad experience! LOVE AZ 88!!
4	This is a very cool place and I love it here.  As others have said, it's been around "forever" (I think it started in 1988 hence the name) and has kept up the with the times nicely. Still a classy place to get a martini or a gourmet burger.  It's hip without being pretentious.  The fact that he has survived over the years in Scottsdale where trends change monthly speaks volumes.
5	AZ88 is the best first date restaurant in the Valley...she'll be impressed by the trendy look and feel, while you won't have to waste a bunch of money, since it's priced so well, if the she turns out to be an idiot...
3	Come for the drinks at a hip bar scene, stay to scarf down a butterscotch drenched rum cake and rave in the bathrooms. Gotta love those bathrooms.
3	The Bathroom's CREEPS ME  out , a male bathroom on the far end and the other end you pick women or he/she? They keep the bathroom entrance dark with a neon light you enter your stall and it's COMPLETELY MIRRORED. Who whats to watch oneself go? I don't, but I noticed my butt looked better than I thought it would. This stall looked to me like a place for SEXUAL ENCOUNTERS. Going back out to the dining room I then had a better understanding of the artwork. I saw abstract torso's , butts in the air painted red on the windows and saw naked women rolling around under sheets on the bar wall. (but we already ordered ordered before I noticed all this the butts bothered me not the other stuff)THE FOODYou HAVE TO SHARE your sandwich with someone because it is 8 oz. if you have some sort of chicken sandwich (approx $10) but then you can add the extra sides (approx $3) so the other person can have a full platter. For two people approx $13 for two reasonably nice meals (unless you are creep ed out by the bathroom or art work)We shared the chicken with hot peppers and honey sandwich it came on a bun and was served with large house made waffle fries and was garnished with 1/2 a large radish ,a broccoli ,one carrot finger , two small melon wedges and a pickle spear.  For me this sandwich was a little too sweet and would have picked  a different one I might have liked better if not sharing. The sandwich bun seemed maybe fresh made but didn't seem like an Italian Roll listed on menu . My fries were almost cold and the fruit slices were sort of dry.My iced tea was (I think) passion fruit flavored, it was a surprise that not all people would be OK with.The food overall was OK meaning not bad but not great just OK and not expensive. This place isn't for everyone.
5	I've been in a handful of times, and last night was also no disappointment. After looking for a place to have a glass of wine late, I ended up here, as 3 or 4 other places in Old Town were either closed (Napoleon's and Tapas Papas Fritas both closed at 11 PM??? Well, Napoleon's closed forever, so I heard, but won't believe...) or dead. Citizen had a multi-course private affair they were finishing up. Kazimierz had some kind of themed jazz party going and was raucous and demanded a cover charge. But good ol' cosmopolitan-cool AZ88 was next on my list, where I had a fantastic Pinot Noir (and Tempranillo), cheese plate (their kitchen stays open till 12:30 every night), and warm and friendly convo with spot-on bartender Steen. Another bartender came in later and was relating his favorite summer drinks in a bon vivant fashion. They do have a killer Moscow Mule which is served in a copper tankard to keep it cool. I've been coming in here, on average maybe once or twice a year since around 2007, and let me say at AZ88 the good things don't change. They still have a tantalizing food menu (they are a full boar upscale restaurant), and a drink menu that, together, rival anything else, really, in Lower Scottsdale (and in much of the Valley). Not to mention the atmosphere that for me has the perfect combination of sophistication, decor, music (4 more stars for the DJ's mellow-ambient rhythms) service, and vibe that indulges all the senses wonderfully. I'm now making this place my default destination for treating myself or a date like VIPs, as they've shown what it takes to to be among the best at what they do.
4	AZ 88 is a cool bar / restaurant in Scottsdale.They have a good selection burgers, sandwiches, appetizers, and salads. They serve food till pretty late, so this is a great place to go after a night of drinking.The highlights of the food menu are "Galettes", which is crispy flat bread topped with cheese, bacon, olives, and onions.  The other winners are the "Burger Alfredo", and the "Hot Pepper Chicken" sandwich. The "Burger Alfredo" is topped with alfredo sauce, tomato slices, and fresh spinach. The "Hot Pepper Chicken" sandwich has a chicken breast that is marinated in lime juice, and is topped with jalapenos and honey.Cool bar along with a good food menu gives AZ 88 four stars.
4	Awesome modern atmosphere in a hip part of Scottsdale. I had the AZ 88 Chicken Sandwich. So delicious!! My wife loved the picnic chicken sandwich. This isn't a dressy place, but don't go looking like a scrub. Great adult night out and perfect for out of town guests.
4	AZ 88 is a staple when I visit Scottsdale, always a treat!The restaurant is off the beaten path and has an ultra hip vibe to it.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive.  The highlight, of course, is the menu.  They offer a great selection of burgers, sandwiches and salads.  They really know how to make a great salad too (I'm convinced this is an art that is rarely mastered).  I highly recommend the shrimp salad with the citrus dressing.  It's divine.  I have not been disappointed with anything I've ordered, though.  I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
2	Dined late night at AZ88 wanted soup, but ended with dessert and salad.  I had a key lime tart, which was a bit too acidic for me.  The size portion was great perfect for sharing.   My friend had the Four Seasons salad came with choice of two dressings, balsamic vinaigrette and fat-free raspberry vinaigrette.   The fat-free raspberry blended together nicely with the bitterness of the spouts in the salad.   The service can be sort of slow.  The atmosphere in the courtyard is still great, but the food and value has gotten a lot worse...
4	This is seriously a hidde treasure..SERIOUSLY it's not the easiest to find but when the journey is worth the wait. AZ/88 has an AWESOME atmosphere and looks like a posh resturaunt but the great surprise is that is it affordable and definately a place to impress a date! Great indoor and outdoor seating. The menu had a variety of salads, burgers and sandwiches & the food was tasty and drinks are even better! It's open late so it's a great place to go for drinks before going out, dinner or lunch.
4	AZ 88 is an awesome, clean, and modern type of restaurant that calls for a celebration. There is always great music playing, but not so loud that you have to talk over your own voice. The service is quick and the waiters/waitresses are very prompt and friendly. The food is spectacular what with the bacon wrapped chestnuts and the waffle fries/sauce that send your taste buds into a frenzy. If you are looking to get dressed up just for dinner and a few drinks on a date or with a friend then AZ 88 has everything to make your night go just right!
5	My boyfriend took me here on our first date and coincidentally also when he asked me to be his girlfriend, and we've come here for every significant date since. The ambiance is perfect, good music, great decor. Drink menu is good and beer list is superb. Appetizers are a must.
4	I really want to give this place five stars. Unfortunately, the service we had is keeping me from doing so. Our waitress seemed really overwhelmed and wasn't very friendly.It's very similar to Hanny's. You can tell they are owned by the same people. AZ 88 is a little less spacious though. The tables are pretty small and really close together. They have a great patio area and from what my friend told me they open up the glass walls during nice weather to make it more spacious. They also have a DJ.The food was fabulous. We started with the hell fire chips: homemade chips with melted blue cheese and hot sauce. They were delicious. Both me and a friend got the Burger Las Braises and it was SO good. It had jalapenos, salsa, cheese, and avocado on it. It was cooked to perfection and came with waffle fries, fruits and veggies, and a pickle. So much food but too good not to eat it all.Prices are little high, but it felt worth it for what we had. Glasses of wine were $9 a pop but you could tell it was good wine so I wasn't too bummed about that.My favorite part of the restaurant? The bathrooms. I love the pink lights and all the mirrors.I'll definitely be back.
4	Decor is elegant, yet inviting and interesting. Great patio when it's cooler out.Martinis are a must, theyre kind of known for them.I think the picnic sandwich is one of my all time fave sandwiches. So much sandwich, not to mention the sides that they pile on as well.Staff is always friendly and attentive.
3	The food here is good, the scene is better.  One of my favorite restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale to have dinner before a night out.  AZ 88 is the kind of place that makes west valleyers hate Scottsdale.  So if you love Scottsdale, you might love this place.  I like Scottsdale, so I like this place.  AZ 88 will get you started for the night and you can check out all the dudes and chicks trying to look their best.  Kinda funny really.  The burgers are good.  For what it's worth, I considered giving this place 4 stars for about a half second.
5	Best Martinis in the entire valley!  Maybe even the world!  Yes they are $13 each, but you can't drink more than two without stumbling out of this place.  My favorite drinks are: - Side Car (sweet and tastes harmless, but Wow!)- English Garden (those who don't like it sweet)- Absinthe (for artists)- Chimay (the big bottle for beer snobs)The Food is just as good.  I almost never order anything beside the signature sandwich, the AZ88 Chicken sandwich.The crowd is the most diverse in the valley too.  Always well dressed, there are gay and lesbians, hot dates, groups of friends and even 60 year old people and an occasion child.  Usually great art.  I wish they would change it little more often, but is thought provoking and fun.I am a regular.  I am here at least once month.
5	Cool place, Au Piove 2 Burger is my favorite and quite decadent, one of my favorite burgers in town! Great cocktails, see and be seen type of sexy fun place. I have been going here for over 10 years, and rarely have a complaint!
4	I had my second AZ 88 experience the other day for lunch and i must say i love it. I sat on the patio which overlooked the beautiful park. I ordered the picnic chicken sandwich with fruit. The presentation of the dish was beautiful. The sandwich was delicious although I think they could have gone a little lighter on the gorganzola cheese it overpowered the rest of the ingredients. But i took some out and it was fine. The server was a bit slow and even though his section wasn't very full he found a way of dissapearing for extended periods of time. But when he was around he was very good and polite. Overall i had another great experience there and will happily be back. If you haven't dined here definitely check it out!
4	The bartenders are the nicest people. I could hang out at the bar all night. DJ is awesome and the Lemon Drop martinis are the best in Scottsdale.Simple but delicious food. I recommend the Las Brisas burger...so good.Good for groups and a nice place to start your night before you hit the town.  Luckily we went on a night were the crowd was not out of control because this joint can get pretty busy and crowded.You won't be disappointed.
4	Simply wonderful food, snotty waiters.Second time there, once lunch once after work.  They really do a great job with their food and the feeling you get from the environmental ambiance.  The half indoor and half outdoor feel with the beautiful Scottsdale green art walk is so comfortable and relaxing.  It is worth it just for that really.  The wait staff is very proper, but so snotty.  I have been there with my co-workers many time and we all agree, it feels like the staff hates their jobs.  That being said, it is still a 4 star for me, and I will be back!
5	I was extremely impressed with this restaurant. I will try to provide a full experience. I was there on a Tuesday night with my friend. The place was really neat and beautiful. It was slightly hard to find, however it was worth the hassle.Service was very prompt. On that particular night, there was not many patrons, two more tables. The server was very knowledgeable and recommended delicious plates. The seared tuna is to die for. Despite the fact that it was not very busy, and a little hard to find, i think this place is definitely worth trying. Good Wine Selection.
4	3.5 I think this is more of a place to be seen then a place to go see. The place is cool as shit and really is decorated and set up perfectly. The bar looks amazing and I hear Joe is the best behind there. The DJ and the music was a nice touch. The servers were good but I was annoyed by one that did absolutely nothing.. funny I noticed but the manager or boss didn't. The food was reasonably priced especially for the portions. I had a forget-able burger and was a little bummed out too. The salads and side were all good. The place can get loud inside but heck, people watching is half the fun.
3	I always said that my last meal on earth would consist of the AZ88 Chicken Sandwich and a dirty martini.  That was until I went there again the other night after a couple year hiatus.  The magic, was gone.  I was so disappointed and sad that it wasn't as memorable as I previously remember.  I will go back and try something else because I didn't have a bad experience and never have.I recently sat at the bar and had 2 different bartenders.  Both were great and entertaining.  And, it doesn't help that they poured a strong and delicious drink.  Get a martini!!
3	So, I've been wanting to try AZ 88 for awhile now, and this Friday this was the spot chosen for double date night... yay.  With all the hype about this place I felt like we were in for a treat, but unfortunately, we all left wondering what the heck everyone is talking about.As far as the restaurant itself, it really is a cool place.  I loved the decor and I heard the bathroom was awesome (from the Hubs).  The patio and bar looked very inviting and were packed on a Friday night.  Our service was so-so.  I didn't think our waitress was too friendly, and it seemed like we were trying to cheer her up somehow... it was weird.  Also, my husband was served a flat beer, but she did replace it, which was nice.  The food itself wasn't anything special.  I did like my AZ 88 chicken sandwich, but everyone else wasn't impressed with what they got.  I found the side items that were served with the sandwiches somewhat odd- cold veggies, fries and some fruit...Basically, I think I would go back just for drinks, but being this is a north Scottsdale bar they are quite expensive.  I'm pretty sure I'll just save my money for some of the other awesome restaurants in the Old Town area.
5	Seriously?How have I NOT written a review for one of my favorite places in the valley?What a great place to start off an evening or close the night out.  It can also be a great place for lunch on one of our fabulous afternoons.  This means the ambiance is perfect in all situations.Drinks are awesome.  Fully stocked bar.  Great drink menu.  Pricey, but worth it as they do not skimp on the good stuff.  I've tried a lot of their martini's and have enjoyed every single one.The food here is great.  I go back and then back again for the Burger Au' Prove (burger with peppercorn sauce).  Meat is quality, buns are fresh and the sauce makes that burger mouth-watering wonderful.Before this I will usually order the civiche or Hell Fire chips for the table.  The chips are fresh and I have been introduced to a wonderful hot sauce called Arizona Gun Slinger.  The civiche is fresh and loaded with shrimp, tomatoes, onions, cilantro and lemon all to be piled onto fresh cooked white tortilla chips.When I have friends or family in town, this is the place I bring them to.  When I'm celebrating anything, this is the place to do so.
5	Love love love this place.  Great appetizers and cocktail menu.  Must visit in Old Town Scottsadale
4	I have not eaten at AZ 88 in years!  I was happy to find out that things had not changed since I had been there and that is a good thing!  My bf and I went there after an event and had a pretty amazing dinner.  The portions are just right (enough for a doggy bag if you can contain yourself) and the menu is pretty extensive.I love the atmosphere and I love the music that they play.  I forget that AZ 88 has a pretty good martini selection as well.  I for sure am going back and will try and make it for happy hour!
5	I recently visited AZ 88 and ventured away from my typical chicken sandwich route. Ok, so I didn't venture incredibly far, but I like to think it was a tad healthier route. I ordered the AZ 88 Chicken Salad which is like the AZ 88 chicken sandwich sans bread. It's huge and topped grilled chicken marinated in buffalo sauce and accompanied with veggies (including avocados) and a bed of lettuce. It could easily be shared, was delicious and didn't even need to blue cheese dressing that I asked for on the side. Definitely worth getting your next visit!
5	I have been coming to AZ 88 for years now!  I can not come to Phoenix and not come here.  Great atmosphere, great food and drinks!  One of the best cheeseburgers I have ever had (The Cheeseburger).  Another great item on the menu is the Hot Pepper Chicken!  AMAZING!
2	Haven't been here for a couple years...some things never change and for AZ-88, that not a good thing.  The menu is (still) very limited.  The wait staff doesn't engage you at all...even though the place was 3/4 empty.  The wines by the glass are the stingiest pours I've ever had - anywhere!  Don't think I'll be coming back.  There are too many other places that are trying something new and different.
4	"What is SHE doing here?" you can almost hear the group of women (who could easily be cast as "The Real Housewives of Scottsdale") say at the table next to you.Ya know, the food is just ok. I really like the drinks, but what actually draws me back is the interesting interior design. They change the inside frequently and it's always really cool and surprising. One time they had a bunch of manikin legs descending from the ceilings, suspended by lengthened fishnet stockings. Awesome.It's a little hard to find; you can't see the entrance from the most convenient parking spots.Try it once, see you if you like it...if you're not at least able to tolerate "the scene" you won't be impressed.
5	The front desk at Hotel Valley Ho recommended this place.  You have to have very specific directions to find it as it's got a parking structure in the way and their signage is the antithesis of itself.  That said, once found, it's a stylish, open, bistro style restaurant/bar with clean and clever design.  It was slow, as we went on a Monday but I'd assume this place gets very busy.  Good, friendly service, an interesting and appealing menu and great tasting food.  Nothing super complicated, but well integrated flavors and not overly priced.  A great value and good fresh ingredients.  We had a blast and were so happy about being referred to it.  I'd recommend to anyone!  I wish we had it in Vegas!
4	Upscale atmosphere with great food and very reasonable prices!  Try the Hot Pepper Chicken - it was awesome!
4	Came to AZ88 with some friends for dinner last Monday. It's really challenging to find, as it's tucked away with a sign that's nearly impossible to see from the street. We finally found it after calling to make sure we weren't lost, and there is a really cool outdoor area in front as you walk in. If it was warmer we probably would have eaten outside, but it was a bit chilly, so we opted to eat inside.We started at the bar for drinks and an appetizer. The drinks were all really good, well crafted and tasty. My Manhattan was just right, and the other people in my party enjoyed their drinks as well. We shared a two appetizers, the dipping fries and bacon wrapped water chestnuts. Both were delicious, though in fairness, you can wrap anything in bacon and it will be amazing.After some time at the bar, we moved to a table and had dinner. I ordered a peppercorn crusted burger with waffle fries. It sounds great, and it was. "Mmmmmmm! That IS a tasty burger!" Two others ordered the same burger (high marks all around), and one ordered a giant salad that looked really good.Overall the service was good, the drinks were good and the good was good. A successful meal. Ambiance was also nice, and the bathrooms are straight out of a Vegas night club...Very posh.If you can find it, I definitely recommend.
5	I am a huge follower of Karl Kopp.  In fact, I live in Chicago and manage to make it up to Elsa's atleast twice a month, which is one of their other locations.  I cannot express enough much my partner and I enjoy going here when in town.  The food RULES and the rotating art installations are breath taking!!!!
3	If I was just rating the decor and hipness it would be 4-5 stars. I hadnt been here since 97? Back then it was packed with the young & sexy and fabulous gay crowd. umm this time (Sat night) the majority was packed with ultra hip seniors.. Im talking 50 & up. Im not talking a Luby's crowd but what you would hope grow up to become. It was like a witch had put a spell on everyone in 97 and aged them all. There was one table of highschoolers but they escaped in time before the witch got them.As for the food.. A+ for a unique appetizer. Bacon wrapped waterchestnuts! The crunch factor was nothing but awesomeness. Although it was unique and worth a try it wasnt bursting with flavor. I had a AZ88 Cobb and I liked that I was able to pick what cheese I wanted. As for the dessert I requested the Drumstick Sundae hoping it would be like a Drumstick cone.. right? Umm nope..it was good but a Drumstick replica it was not.The food was decent, the crowd, albeit older, was lively and interesting to say the least. I'd go back and give it another try.
5	This place is a tough to find gem. It is tucked away near the City of Scottsdale offices and is much diff than your average lunch spot. The space is beautiful and I feel like I am eating in a art gallery. The menu is not huge, but they do a great job with what they have. Ingredients taste fresh and food is delicious. Highly recommended.
5	Awesome service, good food, excellent drinks!  I've been coming here for 15 years!  They do not skimp on alcohol when they make yr drinks.  That is the owner's policy :)))   He has locations in downtown Phx (Hanny's), in NYC ( Bar 89) and in Milwaukee and I hear Berlin, Germany.  They have excellent martini's that are filled to the top of the glass.  The mojito's are the best next to being in Miami and ordering one.  The food is good and can be shared in most cases.  The ambience is always amazing and the art work changes.   It can be tricky to find so def use Yelp and map it.  When you walk in you'll be transported to a high end NYC, LA, Miami type of venue.
5	Yahoo to discovering AZ88!!!  Just stopped by for drinks with a new friend last night but damn was it fun!  Really nice vibe, beautiful space with a truly elegant yet casual feel (who knew this was possible) and killer cocktails.  I learned how to slurp last night since your martini glass is filled so full you have no choice but to bend over the bar and slurp from your stemware!  Heard that that is how the bartenders can spot a newbie: newbies essentially spill all over the bar...or was I drunk by that second dirty martini?Cannot wait to go back for a burger...and so damn close to Casa NR!
3	I am giving this three stars- there are reasons to give it 5 and reasons to give it 1, so I'll split the difference.This is a great place to go for lunch on any day. If you are out with someone you might be bored of, or have some other reason you would rather not speak to your date, this is also a great place for dinner and drinks. If you love people watching, this is a great place. If you would love to pick up a third person...The food is good, the service is good, the atmosphere is good.So what bothers me? I have been going to this place for years and they still do not offer a veggie burger. In truth, the place is not very veggie friendly. I could forgive that if I wasn't informed by the waitress that their grilled veggies are cooked in CHICKEN STOCK.My suggestion? Offer a gardenburger option for your burgers, and please put an asterisk next to your grilled veggies pointing out that they are not a vegetarian option (or make them vegetarian).I'll be back since my family and friends love this joint, but I will ask (nicely) for a veggie burger every time :)
3	Everyone seems to love it here. I can't help but find it a bit too full of itself for it's own good. The food is always good, the drinks are fine. I just feel like I'm an extra in an episode of A-List Scottsdale or Real Houswives of Scottsdale whenever I eat there.I did love the Christmas tree this year though.
4	I've been to AZ 88 several times for drinks and the last time I came in I finally decided to try some of the food. Me and some of my girls decided to meet here on a Friday night and we planned ahead and made reservations since this place is always packed on the weekends :-). I absolutely love the vibe in this place, with it's various art pieces throughout the space and the hidden DJ at the above the dining area it always feels lively when you walk in.Some of us arrived a little earlier so we had drinks at the bar while the rest of our party arrived; I started with one of their delicious martini's. Once everyone had their drinks we moved to our table so we could order dinner. I decided to go for one of their chicken sandwiches and our server convinced me to add avocado and cheese to it. I was pleasantly surprised when my meal came out, the chicken sandwich was delicious, and I was immediately happy I decided to go with the server's suggestion! The waffle fries were good and crispy and I loved that they also put some pieces of fruit on the plate to balance everything out. It made me feel like I was being slightly healthy :-)There was a total of 6 of us and everyone loved their food and drinks! Our server was awesome, she was very patient and checked on us pretty regularly; and she didn't complain when we asked if our checks could be split. This place is definitely a great place to start out the night or event to bring a date or out of town visitors, I will def. be back soon!
4	I went to AZ 88 with a friend who was craving beef.  It was a Sunday afternoon, and we were heading to a matinee film after lunch.  Service was prompt.  We decided to split a burger and waffle fries.  Our server was very attentive.  In fact, it seemed like there were severs waiting in the wings, in case.  The iced tea was delicious.  We had no complaints.  And yes, the restroom IS all that.
4	I've wanted to check this place out for a long time and I was not disappointed. This is where I will bring my out of town friends to prove to them that Arizona is cool. Despite being relatively small the high ceiling and bay windows give the place an open airy feeling. The atmosphere is chill, cool and classy. They play good music and the drinks while not cheap are good and strong the way I like 'em. I had a good buzz going after two vodka sodas and a beer. I did of course have two cocktails and a beer BEFORE coming here so cumulative damage was already in effect.  The patio is AWESOME with cool leather chairs with reclining back rests My inner scenesta was a cool and sophisticated yet happy camper. This is another place any Arizonan sick of the casual scene can dress up (the place is still casual so you don't have to get too dressed up) and have a nice, stylish night out. The agenda would be: have dinner at Distrito, then stroll across the way to AZ88 and savor some high end beverages-take your time, enjoy the vibe and savor your drink-like I said.....the drinks ain't cheap. Then when you're good and buzzed and feel like behaving in appropriately, that's when you head over to the Coach House to ride out the downward spiral. Not a bad way to do brunch either if you're ok with being passed out by 7:00pm.Bottom line, this is a great place to come with friends for a classy night or at least a classy START to the night in Scottsdale.
5	Everytime I go to AZ88 - I am always happier.  Lets start with the Aviation martini - made with Noblets Gin, Luxardo and Creme de Violet - shaken, straight up - it is by FAR the most amazing cocktail I have ever feasted on! The bartenders and staff are always warm, friendly and make perfect martinis.  They always manage to fill it all the way to the rim, without wasting a drop! How they always do that in every drink, is beyond me.  I don't see them measure, which will ruin a drink anyway.  Drink making is an art, that must be felt.  They nail drinks here. Food - amazing.  From simple chips to salads to the amazing chicken sandwich I ate, I can't find one bad thing to say about them The decor in the lovely place is stark and white and very contemporary. Perfect for the artsy district they reside in. Keep up the great job!
4	AZ 88 is a good starting spot for a night out. I like to grab a drink and a bite to eat and then head out for the night. Staff is friendly and attentive, never had any problems. Great atmoshere , the DJ can be hit or miss.
2	I have been going to AZ 88 since I moved to the valley back in 2001.  I loved the service, drinks, people and ambience.  Whenever I had people in town to visit I would take them here because it was just the coolest place/scene.  The last two times I have been it seemed the scene has completely diminished.  We used to go there and people watch but now it's the most un-interesting scene,  like something you might see at Applebee's.  I'm hoping it was just a bad night even though it has been this way the last 2 times I have gone. The women's restrooms were dirty as well...one stall has zero toilet paper and the other stall looked like a kid was in there playing with the toilet paper roll. Clean it up AZ 88! I want you back!
5	Awesome atmosphere, great food, awesome music and good service!
4	If you like eating good food in a disco with the beautiful plastic people who all look exactly the same,then this place is for you!If you like a really great burger and spectacular service,this place is also for you.I like the clean ambiance and their art installations.The food and service is always on point.I have to work myself up to go though,because for a resturant,the music is a bit on the loud side making dinner conversation almost impossible.Unless you like talking loud over a dinner table,me not so much.That's the reason for the knocked off star on elsewhise a 5 star experience.I find it somewhat comical that people will size up any new fish upon entering like some sort of doucebag/douchette jail holding pen.I know I don't have the blonde hair,capped teef,bolt on boobies,nor am I attired in a slinky tube dress(which should be outlawed.Especially the "one shouldered"ones),however I am not the zoo animal on the loose either.Well,maybe I am.Maybe I just happen to be a very glamourous squid.For all you know,I could be a Hugo Boss wearing axolotl.Or mayhaps a binturong in Chanel.No...I don't own any ugly assed mofugly Coach bags...I have taste.I'm here for the burger.Why?Because meat is murder.Tasty tasty murder....
4	We like the atmosphere at AZ 88 and the prices are acceptable.  The sandwiches are of good quality and garnished with extras you don't see at many other restaurants.  However, they continually seem to be understaffed which causes long waits for drinks and attentive service you come to expect.  Most staff are very nice but just spread very thin.  We'll continue to dine there, we just wish they would "staff up".
4	I remember when this place opened in 1988 -- it was sleek, served great drinks and eats. I've been back once or twice since then, and it never seems to disappoint.
2	We had a burger and the Asian shrimp dish, and both were not good. some of the prices were reasonable, but some were definitely overpriced. The drinks are super expensive too! Other friends at our table also thought that the food was not very good.The ambiance is very Scottsdale-ish, so you do need to be in that sort of mood to be here.Our server was friendly.
5	Great atmosphere and fantastic food.  Try the Saint Petersburg Potatoes  with smoked salmon (they are like Jewish nachos).  Good drink and wine menu and secret wall bathrooms.  I highly recommend stopping in here if you are in Scottsdale.
5	Perfect ambiance and outdoor seating.  String quartet music during lunch (radio) and beautiful outdoor patio, shaded.  Food/service was excellent and resonably priced.  I was impressed with the multitude of chicken sandwiches available.  The location sits along side a park with artwork worth viewing.
3	I'm torn by AZ 88.  On the one hand they have a great and inventive menu and a broad selection of liquors, but on the other hand I am unimpressed by some of their cocktails.Their martinis are HUGE.  I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.  Yeah, everyone loves a generous drink, but on the other hand, when you're drunk after two cocktails, it's a bit much.  Plus, their martinis, despite being big and highly intoxicating, are a watered down.  The martini I ordered was shaken, not stirred.  There's a reason Bond was wrong: shaking melts too much ice and waters down the martini - shaking works with some drinks, but not a martini.  Yes, I was feeling quite the buzz from my massive cocktail, but considering it was served to me in the volumetric equivalent of a fish bowl, that's not surprising.However, despite watery martinis that compensate for lack of flavor by sheer volume, I must give credit where it's due: the bar is VERY well stocked with high-quality, exotic ingredients.  They even age whiskey in their own barrels.In sum: a good bar that needs direction from the discerning drinker.  They have all of the building blocks for the best cocktails in the valley, but you'll need to direct the barkeep quite a bit to make sure you get something to live up to the potential.
3	Cool contemporary zib. We went several weeks ago after the art and wine festival. The GALETTES (Flatbread) was an amazing munchy and perfect with cocktails. Staff was attentive even though they were swamped. Part of the fun was watching them serve "way-to-full" martini's. Opt for the Patron Margarita over the house though and stay far far away from the Ahi Salad.
2	I've always loved this place, but we were disappointed with our usual orders (sloppy, non-caring food) and bartenders that were the same, never checked back- no personality, no interaction...yes we know you are busy the last week of Spring Training, but we are locals that would have hung out all summer...get a barback during busy shifts and put someone in the kitchen who cares.
4	Cool atmosphere, great patio.Nice food and drink selection with fresh ideas and ingredients.Everything I've had there was great! I like to try a new drink every time.Waiter was busy but good.I recommend going on a nice day and sitting on the patio!
2	I've been to AZ88 twice, now.  Once, shortly after moving to Phoenix, five years ago.  Once, last week. The first time, we stopped in for a late lunch w/ another couple.  The place was almost vacant, which afforded us a nice atmosphere for conversation.  I sort of dug the sterile modern decor and the food was okay (I don't remember much about it, but had the bacon/avocado incarnation of the 7353 Club).  Sure, a DJ was playing 6-year-old electropop, but the bill wasn't too devastating and I'd liked that 6-year-old electropop the first time 'round.The second time, we decided to brave the evening crowd, which was a little snootier and a whole lot larger.  Party of eight was seated w/o a wait, which was nice.  But, we were seated at two tiny round tables they'd pushed together which didn't really afford us the space or intimacy we really needed.  Very much entertained by the scores of people that tripped on a step while coming or going.  Less impressed by the food.  Water chestnuts (wrapped in bacon) were great, but nobody really loved anything else.  Ordered the grilled cheese, which the menu touted as "trulythe best grilled cheese you'll ever have."  Should have sent back what came out:  a somewhat squishy cheese goof up, topped w/ the same bacon (?) that earlier had brought meaning and purpose to those water chestnuts, this time a touch undercooked.  Parts of the sandwich were actually wet, presumably from the juice of some unsqueezed tomatoes.  By that time I'd had a few too many beers to care, much.  Bloody Mary was definitely bland.Most bizarre point of the evening came when the waiter, possibly confused by the cork, tried to serve my single serving Lindemans Lambic Framboise like it was a fine wine, showing off the label and waiting for me to taste before he continued pouring.  I mean, really?No longer sports the Fletcher Knebel quote ("Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.") above the bar, which was quite possibly the most interesting thing about the place, if you don't count the artistically lit bathrooms.
4	My wife and I ate here for lunch based on a recommendation from our Segway tour guide. The food was very good. I got a grilled chicken sandwich with fried jalapenos and honey. This was a very good combination and tasty. My wife order grilled cheese that she liked very much. One strange thing is they give you a selection of "fruits and vegetables" with your sandwich. So I had a slice of pineapple, piece of broccoli, a baby carrot etc with my fries. I ordered a diet coke, which they brought an 8 oz bottle and glass. But then I was asked if I wanted more and they gave me soda from the bar tap. Not sure why the first one was bottled and the refill was from fountain soda
5	Go to place in Scottsdale.  Almost never disappoint.  APV II burger and a martini with blue cheese stuffed olives.  How is it possible life could be better?
4	AZ 88 has been a favorite of ours for many years now and there are several reasons why:It's a bipolar restaurant/bar/art exhibit/techno "house" music/human zoo. Food:  Fairly well priced for what you get and the quality.  Upscale burgers, club sandwich to introduce your father to, wonderful appetizers, and I've yet to be unhappy with a plate.Drinks:  Well-made drinks off the menu but better than that, savvy bartenders can replicate your call on many different items with accuracy and flavor.  No experience of watered-down drinks thus far and martinis command respect.  Prices have gone up on drinks but for called liquor in glasses you can't pick up, I'm ok with that.Atmosphere:  Here is where it gets interesting.  Before 7pm, it's Sun City E/W, music is lower and it's fairly calm. When "Scottsdale" arrives, it's a human zoo.  Cooler weather months, grab a seat outside early, order drinks and watch the pretty people go by as music thumps from the DJ in the control booth.  Music has always been solid  pre and post 7pm.  Love the art exhibits that rotate though and the location is perfect for a stroll after.  Of awkward special note:  Bathrooms can be tricky to find, more-so after a few, and can be quite the trip inside too.  Service:  Mixed but good.  Other than the refilling of water, almost always spot-on and no "server errors" to note.  Many competent servers have been there years and for good reason.Reservations:  Yes and no... They don't take any but I've often found "reserved" tables for whoever is more important than you or I.  Again, the bipolar issue.
5	Nick is one of the best bartenders I've ever had....  Really, really good
3	I heard great stuff about this place. My experience was average. AZ88 has no signage and it was a little difficult to find. There are large orange kayak shaped shades hanging above an outdoor seating area. The weather was nice so I decided to sit outside. I heard their specialty was burgers so I ordered there cheeseburger. The burger itself was very good. A little heavy on the onions but the ingredients were fresh and high quality. The side of waffle fries and fresh fruit were decent but the portions were minuscule. Service was slow and mildly courteous. Sign up front said to seat yourself but we wait about 5 minutes before we decided to kindly notify the staff we needed some service. Paying the check seemed to take a bit too long.
5	AZ88 - one of the best, most consistent spots in AZ for a great drink and casual meal.  The martinis are always ice cold, and poured so full that you have to bring your mouth to the glass to take a slurp before you can pick it up.  The gallettes and the hells fire fries (extra hot sauce on the side) are the best apps for sharing, and I never get anything besides the AZ88 chicken salad, chopped and tossed with ranch on the side.  One is enough for two people to share.  It's a great spot for meeting friends and people watching, and has remained consistent over all the years that I have enjoyed this place.  The patio is fantastic.
4	Martini's are their thing!  OMG!The food is also good, but you can't compare the two.
5	I've visited twice for cocktails and I gotta say that Nick is definitely a great Bartender... I love good Martinis and he has the gift :-)
2	Went here for dinner with girlfriends on Tues. Wasn't blown away.It was difficult for me to find as there is no signage. I finally had to ask someone after wandering around for 15 mins. The service was lackluster. Our server gave us the impression we were inconveniencing her more than anything. Not warm or friendly at all.The menu was mostly sandwiches and salads all of which I wasn't particularly in the mood for. I was expecting more choices. I ended up ordering the Burger Au Poivre II...for $14.50, I was expecting WAY better quality.I will give them credit for their very extensive cocktail list and the bar is well stocked with every type of quality liquor you can imagine. I had the celebration champagne which was tasty.Beautiful atmosphere. I'd probably return for drinks at the bar but not the food or service.
4	Stopped in here on my bday for some drinks which happened to be Memorial Day, so we had the entire place to ourselves which was perfect.This place is just sexi, sexi, sexi !!Cuddling in a private intimate booth, Rose Martini and champagne bubbles led to kisses and photos and an insanely delicious butterscotch dessert with a candle for wish making all while taking in tasteful cool music and surroundings.We will be back when I'm not on a liquid diet to really give the food a tasting. Ladies: We all love "bathroom pics" and this place has a pink bathroom with mirrors galore. I had a field day in here by myself- totally random photo shoot paradise
5	AZ88 has long been atop of my Phoenix-area restaurants for several good reasons: 1)  GREAT food reasonably priced, 2) When you order a drink, you are served a FULL glass of alcohol paired with a bottle of your mix; i.e. Order a Crown and diet and get a full glass of Crown and a separate glass bottle of Diet Coke to mix to your satisfaction, 3) They keep the ambiance fresh! Once a quarter or every 6-months they will change out the interior decor, 4) If you go Wed-Sat there is a great live DJ...makes all the difference.  I give AZ88 kudos because they have had this concept long before it was all the rage in NY/LA.
4	AZ88 Is a cool simple lunch spot. The menu is not complicated but the way the food its put together is divine. I had the Truck Garden Chicken Sandwich - Marinated in fresh lemon juice and peppercorn. The radish and cucumber that accompanied the sandwich balanced it out and made every bite refreshing. I would like to come back and try a burger...and maybe a cocktail too. .
5	SWISH & CHILL!!If you're looking for a posh place to cocktail or dine, this is it!The menu is wonderful and creative with everything from tasty and healthy sandwiches and salads to decadent, sinful desserts. Additionally, the bartender on staff the night of our visit shook a mean Kettle One martini! (Okay, a few of them!)The outside patio couches call to you during the evening, and the ambiance is first class.Special note: Be sure to hit the restroom on your visit... trust me! ;)
5	The Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is amazing!
2	I will never know what lunch there could of been. We were led to a table and sat down.  Nothing happened for about 20 minutes. No menu. No water. Nothing.  So we just left as there were plenty of options in the area. Nice looking place. Too bad about the bad experience.
4	AZ 88 was a great experience all around. It's a fun, hip and hopping place. They have an excellent bar selection, and although all I can only personally speak for is the to-die-for burgundy burger, there were four us and everyone was raving about their meals.
5	I know my opinion is biased, it's impossible that it wouldn't be considering that I worked at AZ for 4 years.  But let me explain why I feel the need to write a love letter on yelp at 2 in the morning and why you should still care especially since you never worked there.  FOOD:It's simple and delicious.  This is the 10 dollar burger that you wish you would have bought 2 of just to take 1 home.  At least 8 different cheeses to choose from, or do the combo 4 cheeses, add grilled onion, lettuce, tomato, and maybe some Nueske's bacon (ask for it extra crispy).  BLAMMO.  You will try to replicate it at home but it will never work. It is the best burger I've ever had and I was born and raised in Nebraska.And it's not just the burgers, the chicken sandwiches, the salads and the apps are all great.  And keep in mind I've seen all of this made, It's not that it's just great food, it's that it's all done in an impeccably clean kitchen with a great cooks that care about what they're doing. I have never seen such a consistent kitchen staff as I have at AZ, come in at 7 pm or call in an order at 12:29am and the food will always be good.BAR:Holy Moly I don't even know where to start.  I've been in this industry for 15 years and I've never seen a bar staff put out such a quality product in such a small amount of time.  AZ has the most delicious drinks that for the most part are all concocted in pint glasses, shaken and poured into rather large martini glasses with ingredients that include, but are not limited to; fresh cucumber and mint, hand squeezed juices, fresh sweet and sour, orange juice ice cubes, cherries that aren't soaked in formaldehyde, and an arrange of spirits so broad that first time patrons usually walk in with their mouths agape.  But what would booze be without someone to serve it to you? Sit at the bar and get to know your tender; good stories, great cocktails, and handsome men in ties.WAITSTAFF:Again I know I'm biased, but this is one hell of a waitstaff.  Be it gluten free, dairy free, or basically any allergy, and this staff can handle the order.  They know all of the ingredients and are able to special prep things for you even on the busiest of Saturday nights.  The best part is they will make it look easy (I clocked 6 miles on my pedometer 1 Saturday night). When it comes to attitude don't be fazed by the "Scottsdale idea" of AZ.  I have never met a more down to earth group of people in my life.  They will remember you, what table you like to sit at, the Malbec you like with your burger and the name of that song you want the DJ to play.  Again, get to know your server, they will surprise you.AMBIANCE:This review is already way too long so I will just say that the surroundings are ever changing, and it's kind of like an really cool modern art museum that you can eat and drink in and spill on the floor and nobody will yell at you but who cares because you  wouldn't hear anyway because the music is the jams. But it is sooo beautiful; park, trees, statues, giant patio lights, glass house, crazy xmas trees, etc. etc. etc.SHOUTOUT:Also, let me just say, that none of this would be possible without an amazing owner that cares about his patrons just as much as his staff.  Which, in turn, provides a great and caring management.  And then becomes a solid team of people that actually give a shit.To the best crew I've ever worked with.  You know who you are and I miss you.
3	The space is really cool and the service was good, but the food was less then impressive. I think the menu can be a little more creative and better quality for a place like this. Its reminiscent of cafeteria food. Drinks were good though.
3	I originally went to this place because it was listed some where online, maybe on here for happy hour.  They do not actually have happy hour.  I ordered a salad which was good, can't really screw those up to much.  I also ordered a Bellini which was awesome but pretty over priced.  I probably would not go here again with friends but maybe with a date.
3	It's time to put on those heels and strut your stuff, ladies. You're about to be ... Seen. This is that place. It's white and glass and mirrors and swank, martinis and cocktails and... Hamburgers on plastic plates? That's where I totally get lost.No reservations are taken and on a Friday night there was about a twenty minute wait. No wait for the patio, but that's only if you don't mind slowly roasting in the Arizona heat. The cocktails are imaginative and well made, on the pricey side. The service sucked. This woman never introduced herself, tried to rush us through dinner and didn't let us finish a damn sentence before she was already turning around.  Lame. So so lame. Turns out she must have been ending her shift (in the middle of dinner service??) because we ended the meal with some other no name server. I dunno, AZ88 gets such rave reviews, but I just don't get it. The burger was decent but if I'm in the mood for a burger, ain't no way I'm puttin on a skin tight outfit with heals. I'll be rockin my comfy fat girl clothes at the In n Out burger.
5	AZ 88 is somewhat of an Old Town Scottsdale institution, since it's been making foodies and barflies happy for more than 20 years in the Civic Center Mall. The striking spot, with glass walls facing the exterior and patio, has an endlessly breezy vibe because of the open feel of the decor.The ambiance may lure you in, but the tasty American food and handcrafted cocktails will keep you coming back. I always love whatever food I get there, and my last visit to AZ 88 for my pal Peter's birthday was no different.I ordered a Grilled Cheese sandwich ($9), which came with waffle fries and fruit and was mighty tasty. I love that the yummy food in such a chic atmosphere is so affordable.And the libations at AZ 88 will keep you so happy, too. Definitely try their sangria-it's solid, and I'm a huge sangria fan-and if mojitos are your thing, you won't go wrong here.You'll also love AZ 88 for the bustling and friendly atmosphere. I've never had a bad time here and would recommend it to anyone!
4	Great cocktails, kick ass burgers, and world class people watching. The decor and setting in the civic center park make this a go to destination for anyone wanting to hang out in Old Town for an evening. The service can use a bit of cheering up but all in all I had a great experience.
5	I came here after I landed in Arizona for a late night meal. We arrived 8 minutes prior to the kitchen closing but they still allowed us to order. The waiter in general was expressionless but I appreciated the fact that he didn't show annoyance of us ordering food.Appetizers:1) Fire Chips: I'm not a fan of potato chip but omgoodness, these were addicting! The crumbled blue cheese and the hot sauce especially made it irresistible.Entrees:1) Burger Au Poivre II (with peppercorns, crumbled bleu cheese & bacon)2) Picnic Chicken Sandwich (sliced chicken breast, sliced pears, pecan halves, Gorgonzola cheese, mayonnaise, mustard and Romaine lettuce on pumpernickel bread)Both were very good, and the portions were big. The waffle fries that came with it were very good, and I liked that they included some fruit on the side.Drinks:1) Dirty martini: strong but made very well. I couldn't decide what kind of olives I wanted so he gave me one of each2) French martini: one of the better ones I have tastedThe ambiance is very trendy, both on the inside and outside. Definitely recommend it for an overall great dining experience!
4	I came here on a date one Friday night and loved it. All I have to suggest for drinks is the lemon drop martini. Hands down, the best I ever had. Service in here was amazing.I do have to mention the ladies room because It was like being in some crazy fun house. The bathroom stall was all mirrors. The food here is very good. I highly recommend for apps to get their water chestnuts which are wrapped in bacon and the galettes which is like a flat bread pizza. I liked this place so much after my date, I decided to bring one of my friends here and she loved it too. What a fun gem to find!
4	I love the drinks, especially the Moscow Mule! They have good appetizers too. Two things I dislike about AZ88: Loud music and the staff is not very friendly.
2	So I went to this place and I did like the vibe. Nice open space with tall windows. I got a sandwich and a beer. Food was pretty good. We sat at the bar and the bar tender was attentive and friendly(to be fair, the place was almost empty). My problem is this. My date orders a blueberry vodka and lemonade, but the bartender suggest a different drink which was blueberry vodka, lemonade, sour and some other liquor. Get the bill, $14 for this magical concoction. Are you freaking kidding me?! It's 5pm and we're the only people there and you suggest a different drink and charge me $14. Where the hell are we NYC?! What a joke. Dude, total Dbag move. Worst part is, I tipped him well because he was a nice guy, but in retrospect, I got bent over. Oh well, enjoy it cause im not coming back!
4	This place was tucked back facing a park of some sort and an awesome LOVE statue. The atmosphere was awesome and candles were every where. We went on a Sunday night and it was pretty quiet. Service was great and they were all super friendly. FOOD! I had The Chicken sandwich and added bacon and cheese. Twas good, needed a little flavor, but the honey mustard helped. We also had the grilled cheese, twas tasty and very cheesy. I had an Old Fashioned, and man o man, IT WAS BOMB! It is hard to find a place that even knows what an Old Fashioned is, let alone make a good one. Don Draper would approve. Had a sundae....not so bomb....just you average sundae...flavorless whip cream. Cheesecake was pretty good. Prices were pretty awesome for the atmosphere it provides. They could charge more for the location and atmosphere. It is easy to get lost. Most GPS take you to a parking garage...park in there and exit out of the NE corner. On your right will be a Mexican restaurant and AZ 88 is on your left.
5	I was referred here after asking for a fun out of the way place. Had a friendly, knowledgeable waiter who made some great recommendations.  Moscow mules and very dirty martinis provided more than enough lubrication for the evening.  He even brought out a shot of a liquor I'd never heard of on the house! We had a burger and chicken sandwich, both of which were very tasty. Fun people watching, cool decor and slightly hidden bathrooms all add up to a quirky but solid evening out. Check this place out for sure!
5	The year is 1979. Brothers Ronald Bell and Robert "Kool" Bell have been making a nice living on the R&B charts with the rest of the band, affectionately called "The Gang." Then, like a holy pop-funk messenger sent from heaven, a Mr. J.T. Taylor joins the gang and what follows is an album that will change the face of music, men, and background tunes at sporting events across the country. I'm talking about Celebration.Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate)Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate)There's a party goin' on right hereA celebration to last throughout the yearsSo bring your good times, and your laughter tooWe gonna celebrate your party with youWhat does this have to do with AZ 88? Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to introduce and explore the magic of the Celebration Champagne. They bring you a flute of champagne and then add a teensy spoon full of sugar. What follows is like the liquid version of the 1980 Kool & The Gang hit "Celebration." Slowly the sugar crystals sink, and then the bubbles form in the champagne, and it slowly rises up to the rim of your glass. I've witnessed both small and erupting bubbles. But the last time I was there I was witness to what may be described as a #1 Billboard hit bubble. It rose nearly a half inch above the rim of the flute and never spilled a drop over the side. It was brilliant. One does not simply listen to "Celebration" without singing along and dancing. In like manner, one does not order the Celebration Champagne, watch the bubble magic, and maintain silence. It must be enjoyed out loud. Woo, holler, yeehaw, shout, yay or otherwise make some noise. Do it from your soul. Love it.The vibe here is spot-on. Enough music to cater to some privacy, but not one of those places that you have to shout. Relaxed. Upscale without being snooty. The patio is perfect. I've sat out there for drinks and I've also enjoyed it during a January lunch. Cobb salad, friends. Cobb salad.There's a party going on right there. A celebration, you might say, to last throughout the years (since 1988). Bring your good times, and your laughter too. They're gonna celebrate and party with you.
4	As far as I'm concerned, the trendy, chic AZ88 has three things going for it: 1. There's a "Celebratory Champagne" cocktail that involves colored confetti sugar sprinkled in to the drink table-side (and, in fact, all of the cocktails are very good),2. The cocktail prices here are beyond reasonable for the swanky vibe, and3. The spot is open pretty damn late for being in an otherwise seemingly-dead part of town. Located right behind the Saguaro, AZ88 was our go-to bar for late night shenanigans, as most of the other bars in the immediate area seemed to be closed. I was impressed by everything I consumed at this bar, and surprised at the resulting bill (having spent the prior days overpaying for drinks in hotel bars in Sedona and Scottsdale). $7 or $8 for a Buffalo Trace Manhattan is good by any standards. Service here was on point during both visits, and did a solid job of splitting checks and keeping up with our ever-growing/changing crowd. The food I sampled here was decent but nothing mind-blowing. However I'd come back in for drinks any time. And sing "WOOOOO" every time someone gets some confetti sugar sprinkled in their champagne cocktail.
5	They serve a drink called the Celebratory Champagne. That alone is worth 5 stars to me. This drink is a champagne cocktail that comes with colored confetti sugar poured in the top when it arrives to your table (which makes it bubble up prettily.) That alone is worth 5 stars to me. They stayed open later on weeknights than any other bar around my hotel during my trip to AZ, allowing me to have a drink after arriving in town. That alone is worth 5 stars to me. The staff is beyond friendly, even remembering me on just my second trip there. That alone is worth 5 stars to me. The patio is a lovely place to sit and enjoy the outside night air. That alone is worth 5 stars to me. The prices were more than reasonable for the cocktails we ordered. That alone is worth 5 stars to me.I think you get the picture.
4	This swanky spot was a sweet surprise to find so close to the hotel! Literally out the backdoor from the Saguaro and you're there! Although I didn't order a meal here,  I sample their waffle fries and as french fry addict, they passed the taste test. Crunchy and not too oily. Yum. As I watched everyone sipping on their Celebratory Champagne in awe of the cool confetti sugar that creates a bubbly effect right before your eyes, I opted for some bitters. My Amaro over ice was perfection. I don't remember how much it was, but I'm sure it was on par with every place in Old Town. I'll definitely be back for a meal in the future. It's open late, the service was friendly and the atmosphere with it's dim lighting and comfortable seating is great for late-night. Looking forward to my next visit.
2	Have you seen American Psycho? Set in the 1980s, every character is obsessed with what restaurants are hot, and which are totally over. Everything about AZ 88 made me think of that film, and how they'd be firmly in the latter category. To be fair, I was only here as an evening drinking destination and not for dinner, but I was shocked at how 80s the place felt (even the name is 88!) and also how empty it was. Typically I'm a big fan of specialty handcrafted cocktails, and their entire list was pretty underwhelming. It certainly didn't seem current. Patrick Bateman would be horrified to be here. I'd just be incredibly apathetic to return.
4	Nice spacious patio overlooking a green park area.  I had the peppercorn burger (Burger au poivre).  It was covered with a good amount of peppercorns and doused in a flavorful red wine sauce.  It tasted good, but there was only a small (albeit very fresh) piece of romaine to go with it, so if you like a burger that is pretty much just meat and starch, this is the burger for you.  Someone at our table ordered a sandwich, which was a huge portion, and looked simply delectable.  Service was sluggish, and it took a long time to get our check so we could pay.  Generally though, this is a nice place to have a casual meal in a scenic part of Scottsdale.
4	I went here for dinner and drinks with my husband and sister-in-law last weekend and we had a great time. The three of us sat outside and that's what I'd recommend for anyone visiting AZ 88. The atmosphere is much more relaxed and less sterile than the interior dining area. We ordered the ceviche as an appetizer and it was delicious. Being from Florida,  I'm sort of a ceviche snob. It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was very good and I'd definitely order it again. The homemade tortilla chips really elevated the dish to another level. They were the perfect texture. They started very crispy but softened just the right amount when piled with ceviche. My husband and sister-in-law ordered the grilled cheese and both of them liked it. I didn't try any of it...because neither offered me a bite. I guess that it was too good to share! I had the cobb salad and it was fresh and tasty. The bleu cheese dressing was good and the crispy bacon was perfectly cooked. The best part was, by far, the drinks. I ordered a Moscow Mule and it came in a copper mug. It's always supposed to be served like this but so many places around here cut corners and serve it in a glass. The acid from the limes has to react with the copper mug in order to create the true flavor of a Moscow Mule and I really appreciated their attention to detail. Also, I was surprised that the drinks weren't more expensive. They were by no means cheap but I just expected them to be a lot more at a place like this.If I had to say anything negative it would be about the bathrooms. Don't get me wrong, they were clean and well-kept but the doors were confusing. They had changing lights under the doors and everything was glass. It was confusing...especially after several drinks. Is it too much to ask for a picture of a man or woman on the appropriate bathroom door?
2	Disclaimer: If you're bringing a date here for drinks, it's perfect.  Swag atmosphere, strong drinks, trendy.  My review is based solely on dinner.The waffle fries that everyone is raving about are not that great.  They're not bad, but not worth a mention in a review.  I ordered the Burger Au Poivre II, and I still don't know what it tasted like because of all the pepper they used to cook it.  I would honestly rather order a Big Mac at McDonald's.  Also had the Hell's Fire Chips, and they're basically potato chips with hot sauce (which is also on the table as a condiment) on them.  It's sad to say, but the best thing I ate there was the cobb salad, and that was not even anything to rave about.I would rate this one star, but I had a pleasant experience with friends, and the servers were friendly.  That's deserving of another star.
4	Very "in crowd" but not overly snotty. The seating is a little on top of each other but the food and drinks make up for it. They DO NOT take reservations so be prepared for a bit of a wait depending on when you go. Gluten free menu available upon request. They also offer take out if your in a hurry call it in ahead of time. Tried:Bonfire Chicken - looked amazingCobb Salad - Worth 14.00 plus! Its HUGE and delicious Burger Au POIVRE - Yum All American Grilled Cheese - PerfectionEvery single thing was fantastic! I've raved about this place to anyone who will listen.
4	Came for dinner Saturday night and it was packed! Pretty people partying and eating the night away. This is a great starting point to begin a long night. We ended grabbing a late dinner here and yes the waffle fries are good!
5	As often as I go here (about 2 to 3 times a month) I can't believe I haven't written a review! I LOVE AZ88!! I go here for lunch with girlfriends and have the fabulous AZ88 salad with ice tea, or martinis with friends (the best in town!) and an appetizer or two to share. The food is plentiful and delicious, a big step up from 'bar' food, but not fancy and not pricey either. The staff is always friendly and attentive. When the weather is nice, they have a lovely patio that actually looks out on a green belt/park area and not a parking lot! But indoors is also a treat with fabulous art and a modern design. If you go at the holidays you can also see their annual "tree" in the dead center of the restaurant. Always a wonderful work of art!
1	Still a place that is unacceptable in my book--especially when a server there goes out of their way to message me privately on Yelp to complain about my punctuation, and signing off--every so "sincerely" i might add, with: " love the B*tchy waitress from AZ88.Way to keep it classy over there.....
5	Without realizing it, this was the very first place I went to when I first visited AZ.Several years later here I am returning to this place almost by accident.Let's start with the place. Modern, clean, open, dramatic high ceiling, cool bar.I didn't drink since I was driving but I sipped my friend's dirty martini. Let me put it this way: It was powerful. Two of them would be more than plenty.The food was really good, specially for the price.The shrimp cocktail was great, the sauce was spicy and a great presentation. The bacon wrapped water chestnuts were pretty good too.We spitted a chicken sandwich with buffalo wing sauce. It came with a side of fries.If I have to complaint about something, the fries were a little plain.But again, the price point, the service, the place, the ambiance make this place a must.I won't let that much time pass by before my next visit!Cheers.UPDATEI went again and was as please (if not more) as the first time. New favorite: Hell fries!!!The price/satisfaction ratio is so off that it's not even funny. We were talking of how expensive other places when it comes to evaluate the experience vs. the price.
3	I've been to AZ88 for years and taken many friends from out of town. Love the food for the most part, but in the last 2-3 visits their service had been below average. The last time we were there I had two very dirty forks with food stuck in them, and a glass with lipstick. The bacon wrapped water chestnuts have gone down in quality significantly over the years: burned bacon, smaller chestnuts, and dry dry dry. They used to be amazing...The second to last time I took family there, the ac was not working or was set really high, a huge problem in Arizona. With that said, the drinks are still pretty darn good!
2	I really wanted to like this place because I've heard nothing but positive things about it. Sadly, I didn't like it at all. We went here on a Friday night with a couple of friends and I couldn't believe I had never seen this place. But it could be because it's kind of hidden. The place is super nice. I loved the ambiance and crowd. The service was really good. Its a nice place to pre- drink before goin out. We ended up staying there til they closed. And that's where they earned two stars.We got burgers because the friends we were out with recommened them and claimed that they were the best burgers in town...Basically all the burgers are the same with slight differences. They taste the same though. I wasn't impressed. Delux burger has better burgers. The next morning was hell. My bf and I woke up with the same symptoms of sickness. Mind you, we each only had ONE drink that night so we werent hung over. Their food made us sick! We were both so sick that we couldn't move. It was awful. But even with all that, I really want to like them so I will go back and give them another chance.
5	AZ 88 chicken sandwich. So good!
5	Great burgers and more...AZ88 has the BEST burgers around. Cooked perfectly using fresh ground beef. Their AZ88 chicken sandwich with their spicy celery sauce is also excellent. A full menu is also offered, including great salads and a lighter fare. Their waffle-fries are the best. They also offer a full bar in a trendy, fun atmosphere. Great place for casual dining, or just cocktails. We have enjoyed this restaurant for many years and it never disappoints...
4	While the food isn't that "brunchy", they have the best bloody mary that I've had in Scottsdale. With that said, their chopped salad is really good too.Cool atmosphere for girls lunch.
5	I just have to say one more time how much I love this place. The vibe is amazing on the weekend at night. The live DJ was perfect this last weekend.
4	This is the archetypical Scottsdale restaurant / nightspot. In fact, if you have friends from out of town and want to give them a real sense of Scottsdale nightlife, this is place to go.Great food, great drinks, and great people watching. Sure it can get extremely crowded, its somewhat overpriced, and many of the people look like the could be on a Bravo or E reality show, but hey, that's Scottsdale.So get a spray tan, some Botox for your forehead, Restylane for your lips, put on your designer jeans, ladies wear your Louboutins, guys wear that watch that's bigger than my car, and head out with the beautiful people to AZ 88. It's been going strong for over 20 years, so they must be doing something right.
4	This is a really fun restaurant.  The service is great (they were on a 30 minute wait but allowed our group to go to a restaurant nearby for drinks, then return to be seated).  The food is delicious and very affordable, the drinks are great, but the people watching is likely the highlight of the experience.  For a fun night out, AZ 88 is a great choice.
1	These hacks couldn't make a cocktail if their lives depended on it.  They're arrogant and can't back it up.The mojito was disgusting, with sad overworked mint.The Sazerac was an abomination.  They shook it resulting in an over diluted drink, then added a squeeze of a lemon wedge instead of a twist of lemon peel.
5	A friend of mine recommended this place a spot to head before going over to Scottsdale stadium. I was considering the Moose bar as a sportier alternative but I'm glad I picked to go here. I got there before my friend did, so I seated myself outside on the patio. You have a nice view of the farmer's market and a music stage. Too bad the music was terrible. The patio seating also has this cool glass rectangular prism things surrounding it.Anyhow, I ordered an old fashioned cocktail. Pretty tasty. I ordered the chicken calabrese which came with the waffle fries. The sandwich was soooo good. It had 2 juicy chicken breasts and bell pepper and onions. It was delicious. My friend enjoyed his Caesar salad. I would definitely come back here for brunch.
4	This is a good place to people watch.  I live in nyc now and miss the bedazzled jeans of 40 yr olds and bad plastic surgery.  People watching aside the buffalo chicken sandwich and waffle fries are great.  Have cocktails somewhere else since they are subpar and overpriced.
4	My wife and I are in town this week for spring training. We had dinner at AZ 88 Thursday, March 7. We selected AZ 88 based on Yelp reviews and our personal preferences.No reservations. We were seated immediately on the outside patio. The service was friendly and efficient. The place was very busy and  people watching was most interesting to this senior couple. The house speciality martini was "ok"-nothing to write home about. We both had the basic hamburger which was cooked to our order specification and was tasty and plentiful. The accompanying waffle fries were exceptionally good. Price versus quality was very good.
4	Was just there on Saturday night before a show at the Virginia Piper Theatre.  Had a brandy alexander that was probably the best I have ever had and plentiful too. I think they put Haggen Daz ice cream in it so what could be bad.  I tried their ceviche appetizer.  It was the best ceviche I have ever had in Arizona.  Very fresh and with the right amount of lime.  Could have used more cilantro  but you can't have everything.  My husband did NOT like the hamburger.  We specifically told the waitress before hand to make sure it was medium rare and NOT medium.  She wrote it down and sure enough the burger was well done.  Had to send it back and in 6 minutes we got another burger that was closer to a medium than medium rare.  Took it as it was since it is clear that when the place is packed they can't seem to get custom orders right. But they were nice enough about the situation and were gracious when we complained.  My husband commented to me that he was not enjoying the burger-- not tasty he said (as in one of the other joints we go to which shall remain nameless).   After I ate the ceviche, I asked to taste the burger meat since he said the burger wasn't very good.  The hamburger meat tasted to me like the burger I used to get growing up in the luncheonette where they used frozen hamburger patties cooked on a flat grill.  i could swear these are frozen hamburger patties, but I could be wrong.  Anyway, they need to do something about the burger meat.  The hamburger was accompanied with nicely crisp waffle fries and garnished with the pickle, fresh fruits & broccoli.  A very good value for the money.So AZ 88, could you work on your hamburger meat?  After all about one third of your menu is devoted to burgers.. just saying....  BTW, we are non smokers and two guys were standing  on the patio smoking (not eating or anything) no more than 3 feet from our table with their cigarette smoke wafting into our faces.  We asked the waitress and she said it was legal to smoke there. I said don't worry I'll ask them to move.  She said that she would go over to them and see what she could do.  The guys wouldn't budge and we had to make do until they finished their cigarettes while we inhaled the delicious essence of nicotine, formaldehyde and a number of other health endangering substances.  I am so glad I don't smoke but I get the opportunity to have my lungs compromised by two idiots who are going to end up on ventilators with me footing their healthcare bills.  Isn't America great?  In the meantime I am thinking about my next visit to get my now favorite ceviche and that banging Brandy Alexander!  That was an OMG moment.   (had to take one star off for the mediocre hamburger)
4	Awesome place to grab a business lunch.  It's tucked away in the Scottsdale Mall near Drinkwater.  In my opinion, the best place to park is the parking garage next to the mall area.  The interior has a modern design and you just feel cool dining here.  For lunch, I like to order:Dipping Fries, $6Cheeseburger, $10.25They're 2 very solid choices.  The Cheeseburger is big and fills you up.  It's also very tasty.  The Dipping Fries are delish....I only get them when I'm super hungry or if someone else is willing to split it with me, otherwise I will go back to the office with a serious case of carb coma.The service here is awesome.  If you're here on business, the servers give you space and make sure they don't interrupt too much, but at the same time ensure that you're drink glasses are kept full.I highly recommend.Return Factor - 90%
5	We absolutely love this place.  Any time out of town relatives arrive, we head straight for their patio and order their St. Petersburg potatoes.  The service has always been excellent, and they went out of their way to bring a bowl of ice water for my dog last time we were there.  Great way to earn bonus points in my book!
5	This is my favorite place in old town to hang out at. It's modern and sheik, and the food is always good. There was only one time out of some 50 or 60 where I had bad service, but the manager saw it and took care of several items on the bill and offered me a free dessert. The bar sells cigarettes which is sort of cool, and the atmosphere is nice besides occasional Scottsdale snobs. Overall, this place is unbeatable for a cool night out in Old Town.
5	love this place!!! i am never dissatisfied :-)
4	Love hanging out here on the wknd! Its always crowded, reminds me of Ferndale or Royal Oak crowds back home in Michigan. Great vibe, for the white outdoor patio and the loud music gives off a Miami-South Beach theme. Unfortunately, the dirty martinis are a hit or miss. The food isn't something you want to eat prior to a night on the town (wknd). It's ok as far as food or drinks go, but it's a classier crowd then the normal El Hefe OT College Bar crowd-thank goodness! Sooooo that is what keeps me coming back. A must try at least once, and I love the great location!
1	Dropped by AZ88 to get my favorite ceviche dish with a salad.  The waitress gave us the menus and served us water.  I noted that there were no straws for the water.  I will not drink out of glasses directly as a precaution.  (You never know if they have been washed properly in ANY restaurant regardless of price point)When we placed the order for our food,  I asked the waitress if she would she please bring us two straws.  When she did, she arrived with two straws without wrappers and placed them in our waters with her bare hands.  So we were expected to suck on these straws which now touched whatever else those bare hands touched prior to serving us??  We were appalled by this unsanitary service.  Can we safely assume that she practices  good hygiene  in all instances including after going to the bathroom.?  When she was informed of our concern, she told us that all the straws in AZ88 come without wrappers.  Who knows what other unhygienic practices go on. This rating is for this unsanitary and unacceptable service.  Covered straws can't cost all that much.  Sorry AZ 88 but this needs to be said.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale by far.  I have been dining at AZ88 at least once every couple months since 2001.  The thing that impresses me most is the consistency of the food.  I usually order one of a my usual sandwiches (Picnic Chicken or BLT) and every time it is delicious.  And the waffle fries are probably the best fries I've had anywhere.  They are literally to die for.  Service is always pretty good, invariably some nights when they're busy it can be slower than other nights, but overall I've never once had bad service.  There's a DJ up in the rafters and they rotate an always-interesting art display through the place every few months. AZ88 has a great vibe and atmosphere.  It feels like it should be in Miami instead of Scottsdale, and the crowd is usually more trendy and upscale than the douchebaggery spotted elsewhere in Scottsdale.  I feel like I'm on a mini-vacation when I'm dining there.I've tried several items from the menu over the years and everything has been excellent. Drinks are the strongest in town by far.  My girl usually gets one of the martinis, which are super strong and HUGE.  I keep it simple with a mixed drink (vodka/sprite or Captain/diet) and they bring a glass full of ice and liquor and a separate small can or mini-bottle of sprite or Coke.  AZ88 will continue to be my go-to restaurant anytime friends are in town or we want to just have a relaxing enjoyable "night on the town" that is guaranteed to start off right with a great dinner.
5	Love the changing art work.  I never know what I am going to see when I visit this place.  Burgers are great!
4	A great spot to eat, drink and potentially meet someone.  It is a bit trendy...but that's OK (as long as that's what you're looking for).  I ate at the bar and the bartender was awesome...as was the food.
4	Open till late on Saturday. Happening on weekends. Great for big crowds and also for a couple
1	Again, I really really wanted to like this place but I just can't. The restaurant is beautiful, no doubt but the food... Ugh. The last time I came here I ordered a burger which made me sick; this time I got the chicken bonfire. The chicken was nothing special, the red potatoes tasted bland, and the "crunchy slaw" was flat out gross. I can't give it zero stars but I guess one star for the waffle fries. That's the best thing they have to offer. Boo!
5	THE place to go before or after an event at Scottsdale Center for the Arts. Really interesting rotating "decorations" often in the form of sculptures to capture the season. Food is almost picnic style....chicken sandwiches, burgers,....waffle fries are great. Gotta have the martinis here...severed in a special 3 shot glass. About as "chic" as you get in AZ. They actually have a sister location in NYC in the Village.
4	Oh AZ88 how I love you... But $14+ for a martini?  Come on... We're not in Manhattan.  I'm pretty sure that's the last place I paid that much for a drink.  Maybe I just don't spend enough time in Scottsdale? (My wallet thanks me)The service is fantastic, as is the people watching, but the food was just so-so yesterday (had a chicken sandwich which was pretty dry & my friend wasn't thrilled with her food either).Nonetheless, I will be back to over-pay for the delicious drinks & enjoy the ambience & I'll be sure to order the Cobb salad next time which was amazing the first time I had it (& the words "amazing" and "salad" rarely come out of my mouth!).
5	I hadn't been here in so long, had totally forgotten about this place until just a few weeks ago when my father-in-law suggested it for dinner for the four of us. It had been awhile since I had been here, but it was fantastic.We enjoyed our few hours on the patio, in no rush. I had a great white wine and the boys enjoyed their beers. I actually ordered just the chips with blue cheese for my meal since I was in the mood for something to munch on and it was perfect. And I ate every last chip. Awesome.Hopefully I'll be back again soon and not wait a few years for my next meal here. It's a great place!
3	Food: 4 StarsService: 2 StarsHad a not-so-great experience there this last time I went. We usually go for the AZ88 Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and Ceviche which are both amazing.  But the service on a what seemed like a not-so-busy Saturday afternoon was pretty frustrating.  Took us at least 7 minutes to find someone to cone get a drink order.  Then another 15 to take our food order and when it all came out we were missing someone's food to where she said that its right back there and then never saw the waitress for another 5 minutes. If it was right back in the window she would have just gone and got it and came right back. Nope. She came out and started filling other tables glasses and stuff with no sign of our missing entree. Then at the end we asked for the bill, she brought it, we were passing it around for a minute trying to delve it all out and figure out the math to give to the appropriate parties of 2 and after she saw us struggling she then stepped in and asked if we wanted to split it by couple. So we said of course. She came back with the bill split EVENLY 3 ways. NOT split by couple. We were so frustrated by this point that she got minimal tip and no one will make an effort to go back there anytime soon.  We'll make our food to-go orders from now on.
5	If I could give 10 stars I would based on the design and atmosphere alone. I'm from LA and was brought here by my best friend after a day at the pool. Even upon entering I was excited with the sculptures and architecture that sat and wavered outside this establishment.The inside was so artsy and cool. I have never had so much beautiful eye candy to look at before. And by the candy, I mean the modern with a touch of contemporary design.Our server was sweet and extremely efficient. She wasted no time giving us what we needed. I ordered the  BURGER AU POIVRE. It was slathered in a peppercorn sauce. My taste buds were overwhelmed and wanted at least 2  more burgers. It also came with waffle fries. To me fries are fries, so....The bathroom there is a treat in itself. I had to excuse myself to go to the ladies room, upon entering I ran back to the table for my camera phone. There was no way that bathroom was gonna get away without an Instagram shot slash snapchat from me.I recommend this place to anyone wanting a clean, and classy environment. I'll definitely be back.Try it...love it...Yelp it...
3	Love the swanky environment, dj and even their bathrooms are awesome! Excellent drink menu and the chicken sandwiches are my favorite in all of the valley. If hanging around the scottsdale mall, this place is a solid HH or dinner spot.
5	You just can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The 7353 club is definitely my favorite, but every other meal I've seen or tried has been to die for. The atmosphere alone is worthy of 5 stars. I wish it was easier to get to... but that is the beauty of this diamond in the rough.
4	Dirty martinis with blue cheese olives!!!!!!!!! YUM
5	Sweet place!  That's all I have to say...!
4	This place is so hip. The atmosphere is very cool. Neveau and fun.  It's like a high end martini bar with upscale bar food at reasonable prices. The Buffalo chicken sandwich and Hell Fire Fries are my personal favorite. The wings are also really good.  The martini's are also great and I have tried many of them. It's not easy to get into this place on weekend evenings or art walk nights. The service is decent. Mostly dependent upon who serves you. I would highly recommend this place.
4	It's about the martinis here and that's enough for me. They are delicious, strong, and the biggest you'll find anywhere. The decor and environment is nice along with the location. The servers are on top of things and preform magic balancing those drinks. I and the people I've been with usually just grab an app or two. The menu isn't up my alley really. But the martinis make it all worthwhile!
4	I came here for dinner and drinks, and everything was FABULOUS. The food was great. I recommend the Elsa sandwich. Some of the martinis for the table came out faster than others, but they were worth the wait. The ambience was very chic, and the art on the wall was pretty cool. The restaurant has a he, a she and a he/she bathroom which were all very cool.
4	Love this place for their bar! Fun atmosphere and upbeat. Good Martini's and Spirits. Good place for a date night.
5	AZ 88 has a very chill feel. It reminds you of an upscale bar without the high prices.  The food is good quality bar food.  The place has a good vibe. The house music is provided by a DJ at night.  There is also art work through out the restaurant.  Fun place!
5	To start off with, it has been at least 10 years since I have been here.  I somewhat had to convince my fiance' to pass up Oregano's to come here.  For some reason, she thought it was going to be some random diner.  I laughed and said "right..."  I was hopeful that it was still the same great lunch that I was used to.  So we decided to try it on Friday afternoon 9/6.  It did not disappoint.  Our server was fantastic.  He was mellow but very good at what he does.  She got the champagne with sugar confetti in it and was very pleased with it.We started with the Hell's Fire Chips and they were fantastic.  Would get them again for sure.  I then ordered what had previously been my "Go To," for years:  The AZ88 Chicken Sandwich.  Absolute homerun!  She got the 7353 Club and was very happy with it.  At the waiter's suggestion, she opted for the double-decker, not the triple-decker and it was a wise decision because it was plenty of food for her.  The meat was perfect and as my sandwich was, it would be a repeat order for her when we return. All in all, it was a great experience and we will be back again.  For a city like Phoenix that has hundreds of places that come and go, AZ88 showed exactly why some places can stand the test of time and not only stay consistent but thrive because they do everything well down to even the smallest of details.
5	I've been coming here for ten years. I hadn't been to AZ88 for about a year because I moved, but decided to do the drive to eat there again. It is still as great as I remember. It feels like an upscale bar. The drinks are at the upscale price but the food is inexpensive and sooooooooooooo good! They have the best waffle fries in town by far!
4	Came here for girls night!! We ordered az88 chicken burger, az88 salad & avocado chicken club.  All were huge & around $10.  Nice affordable option for Scottsdale.   The confetti champagne is a must.  So yum- they pour Chambord & bubbling confetti on top of champs all for $8. The reason we always come here is for the great reasonable food, chic ambiance, convenient garage parking & the bathrooms are super fun!!!   Service is slow but we weren't in hurry so that would have to be my only complaint.   My girl friend ordered the apple Martini (it's organic) & we didn't realize till bill came it was $14-eeek.  So I would stick with the champagne.   Way better deal!!
5	drinks are super cheap!! The grilled cheese I ordered is my new favorite thing!!  service was fast and friendly and this place is just in an awesome location the vibe and atmosphere are great, they always have some kool new theme going on which makes it almost like a different experience every time I go. I came here with my boyfriend for a nice dinner and they were having a "blackout night" so all the lights were off except some ambient lights and candles on the tables so you had to read  your menu with a flashlight they provided, needless to say it was pretty kool and fun!! I love this place! I highly recommend!!!
4	Wait, are those martinis really $18 each? Sure, they're good but my bar bill was like a car payment.
4	Talk about a chill yet upscale place for a bite and some drinks. I have been here a few times. Always love the ambiance. Always love the service. Burger Au Poivre II is my fav thing on the menu! I get it most ever time I am here. Peppery, bacony, bleu cheesy, and burgundy saucy... Getting so hungry for this burger now!!!I love the top shelf liquors too! I usually have a light rum with a ginger beer. Light and sunny love in the house! If you have not been here, please go. Invite me along. Its been a while. And now I am starving.
5	Honestly, I had no idea that AZ88 was still around but when I heard it was still open I was excited to go back and visit.  It had been a good 13 years since I have been there.  I went in late at night for some dessert with a small group of friends.  We sat out on the patio, it was a beautiful night.  This is a great place for people watching.  I had the Keylime pie which is up there to the likes of Keylime pie in Key West, Florida.
1	$17.50 for one cheeseburger with bacon split into 2.Need I say more? I think not. The waffle fries were very good that came with the burger and the bartender was very friendly. The bottom line is this place is very expensive.Also the price of a single beer was $7.50. That is insane.
5	Tried this place on a date night with the wife.  Had to search for a little bit too find the place but that was ok as we liked walking in the area.  The place has a really nice vibe and I liked that the front faced a court yard.  We sat outside because the weather was nice.  I had a burger au poivre which you will like if you like pepper. I put pepper on everything so I liked it.  My wife had the az88 chicken sandwich.  (I had half and like that too). Would go back again and recommend it.
4	I have to say, many, many years ago, I stopped at this place for dinner. I do not remember what I dine but I do remember I was not impressed. I happened to be there for lunch last week, this time with my family. Guys, did this place improve over the years, indeed!  I first noticed the menu is more on the affordable side (I do remember this place to be really expensive in the past]. Second, the  size of the portions are bigger than I remember, so you do not have to order something extra to complement your meal. And last but not least, do not miss the club sandwich. They make several variants of it and I tried at least 2. Both were fantastic. Definitively a "must go place" in Scottsdale.
4	We came here with a big group, and our server took great care of us. Not exactly my kind of ambiance, but so what? The bathrooms creeped me out though.I'd say the food was mixed. Some of it was fantastic: the homemade fries, the teriyaki wings, the galettes. The burgers would have been great, except mine and my wife's were both way too potent. I had the Burger Las Brisas, and the jalapenos were too much for the rest of the burger. My wife had the Burger au Poivre II and the bleu cheese completely overpowered her burger as well (I've tried other bleu cheese burgers with much better balance).Hands-down, the cheesecake they shipped in from the Carnegie Deli really was the best I've ever had (w/ strawberries). I said that before I had even see where it came from.I'll definitely consider going back for dessert after a trip to the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art. (Probably with a side of french fries)
5	We stumbled into AZ88 after completing the last 20 miles of the Komen Walk. Needless to say, I was less than presentable, yet experienced lovely service despite pink ribbons and sweaty compression gear. Now, you might think that anything would taste good after walking twenty miles in the desert, and while that may be true, I think AZ88 really is a gem.For starters, they have an amazing outdoor seating area with just the right amount of sun and shade. The outdoor seating is also comfortable, which was really, really nice to have after three 20 mile days. My poor, tired ass was thankful for those cushions. Thank you AZ88!The service was very attentive and did not appear to judge us for the quantity of our celebratory consumption. May I recommend the Modern Presbyterian and the Bloody Mary? The mimosa was also good, but a tad on the small side. My friend and I spit one of their burgers, which are a half of a pound of meat, served with fruit, vegetables and a healthy dose of waffle fries. We thoroughly enjoyed every morsel and the burger was juicy and cooked perfectly. Being a true Yelper (and just plain nosy), I inquired about what our neighbors had ordered. They were locals and had the bacon wrapped water chestnuts and a potato chip looking app with cream cheese and lox. They looked delicious, but I couldn't find room and there was shopping to be had. Definitely check out AZ88 if you fing yourself in the area.
5	Love this place. always open late night... for AZ its awesome bc everything closes here when it gets dark. Love the St. Petersberg chips, gota tryem
5	This place is awesome, great atmosphere, great food and great drinks.Their dirty martini with bleu cheese olives was outstanding, strong, but not to the point where you taste pure vodka, and very good.  Had two of them and they did the trick, I highly recommend.All the food was great, they had a bacon wrapped water chestnut appetizer which was fabulous.  Sounds weird, I agree, never heard of such a thing, but the water chestnuts were marinated and then wrapped in bacon and they were incredible.  Wings were also good, well cooked, big, tasty.  We split a buffalo chicken sandwich and bleu cheese burger and both were excellent, waffle fries were cooked perfectly, crispy, but not overdone.  Bill was somewhat expensive, but I think it was well worth it.  Three of us for drinks (2 martinis each) appetizers and entrees was about $150.  Not too bad, I'd definitely go back, great food.
4	Very simple menu, but ambiance is always amazing. Looking forward to returning to see the Christmas display. I wonder if they still do the huge champagne glass Christmas tree... Bar makes the "classics" spot on.
5	I love this place.  I had visited AZ 88 a few times this summer and will go again after the holidays.This place becomes busy and is obviously the spot to be late night to have a few snacks, drinks of course and to relax.  This is not a lounge you where must dress to the 9's, I have visited in a pair of jeans, low cut top and a  great pair heels and was happy to grab my fav mojito and burger.  Oh try the blue cheese and hot sauce chips.  It sounds as a strange combo but wowzers was it tasty.  I had never known I could like hot sauce as much. LOL.If you are a martini fan, try their extra dry dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives.  It's sooo good.  But be careful, they go down rather smooth and quickly.  Before you realize you have had 2 or more.  You know what they say??  Two or more and you hit the floor.  I stopped at 1, ok ok 1 and a half.Enjoy!
5	Great atmosphere, great food and great drinks and such professional service from Stephi, she was truly a pro and spot on!  Quiet and reserved but once you engage her, it is evident she is a pro and bursting with finesse and personality!  We loved her and loved our visit!  I live in San Diego and a friend in Phoenix took me here, saying this is one of his favorite places and now I can see why and can't wait to return! Thanks for a job very well done!
5	This is my all time favoriteeeeee restaurant! My friend and I have been coming here for the last 4 years for our Christmas dinner together every year. I love this place because the food is good, the drinks are good and they have a different Christmas tree every year that makes you anxious to go to see what they have each year. =) I've seen one made of dollar bills, safety pins, martini glasses. This year it looked like a huge lego tree. lol. For drinks, I've always ordered the Rose. I was bummed because they don't have that on the menu anymore since they can't get the vodka which originally came from France. I ordered the Flirtini and my friend ordered the French. The drinks are a bit pricey here but they are definitely worth it. They are seriously strong and they fill it to the rim!For food, we always start with the St. Petersburg Potatoes. For food, I've probably had everything on the menu. This time I ordered the Burger Las Brisas. All of the meals come with fruit and waffle fries which are amazing! This is definitely a great place to come with a date or even a group of friends for some drinks. The ambiance and decor of the place is also amazing. I love it!
4	I truly did not give this place the full access to impress me. I did not have the Burger Au Poivre II, nor did I order the Thai Chicken Salad that seemed fantastic - I merely drank and enjoyed service and company. While the service didn't impress, the company did. And so did the overall ambiance. This is a nice place and I do intend to come back here and start an evening. But when I was here the service had quite a bit to ask for. Maybe it was busy, and they were understaffed for the evening - but that is hardly my assumption to make. But with that part of my evaluation flawed, the overall impression is still a good and lasting one.Another kudos to the awesome bathrooms. Adorable as a memento, terrible when one is buzzed and tries to focus in a hallucinogenic turquoise light while needing to pee. Soon I will explore thy menu, AZ88 - don't let me down.
4	Very Hipsterish type place in the Scottsdale civic center area.Very clean with a good cocktail menu but limited and uninspiring beer choices. Food was good, house made chips were excellent as an appetizer and I had the burger au pouive II which is a blue cheese bacon burger with a lot of black pepper. I ordered it medium well and it came out very well done....to say the least-closer to bone dry but the addition of some mustard made it a lot better. Service was good and attentive even though the waiter didn't seemed that enthusiastic or happy.
4	AZ88 is upscale & trendy with an excellent vibe. Very bright and open area which lends itself to a great atmosphere, that and dining with fabulous friends is a definite bonus! Although service for our large group was slow, even with calling ahead they seemed a bit overwhelmed trying to accommodate us all. I had their amazing hot pepper chicken sandwich, marinated in lime juice, drizzled in honey and topped with spicy jalapenos, practically perfect with waffle fries and a fresh mix of bite size fruit & vegetables.(if for nothing else but to add color to the plate) I'm looking forward to returning and trying the hell fire chips & AZ 88 chicken sandwich, so many tasty bites to choose from. However I did get to delight in a bite of of melt in your mouth strawberry cheesecake, I think I heard angels singing or perhaps that was my tipsy fellow patrons, either way it was a bite of heaven! AZ 88 is a must try, a place to see and be seen(no doubt an eye opening experience in the facilities, you'll have to see for yourself) and definitely place to return!
4	Went here for a date. We both had the bonfire chicken. It was great and large quantity. We sat outside it was a bit chilly and one of the waiters brought me a shawl.  I'd definitely go here again. The staff was very friendly as well.
5	Very hip, fun and lively restaurant! I love sitting on the patio. Good food and drinks and as weird as it sounds I LOVE the bathroom there. Service is always good...not great but still enjoyable!  I try and visit at least once every 2 months.
5	Interesting environment and awesome food.  I highly recommend giving the az88 buffalo chicken sandwich a try.   I am personally not a fan of blue cheese so I substituted ranch and it was delicious.  The chicken breast is not fried and almost tastes blackened with a perfect buffalo sauce with pieces of celery on top.  I was feeling indulgent and got it with the fries which were cooked perfectly but tried some of the grilled vegetables from another plate at my table and wish I had chosen them.  The grilled vegetables have almost a smokey flavor and are cooked to perfection.  Cant wait to visit scottsdale again to swing by and have another one of these sandwiches.
5	AZ 88 (so named since it was opened in 1988) is definitely the kind of place that you can really enjoy one time and not so much the next.  Even though my visit was great, I can see the shortcomings.  That said, this review was for a Sunday lunch when the weather was great and the outdoor patio seating was a treat.  The patio overlooks Civic Center Plaza, trees, flowers, interesting people, and no cars.  It is kept clean and the seats are comfortable!The food was just right for the time.  My grilled cheese sandwich came with a thick slice of perfect tomato and several slices of very tasty bacon grilled inside the sandwich and a hardboiled egg - neatly sliced -- on the side.  Add waffle fries and it made a really pleasurable meal.  My wife had the picnic chicken sandwich with real slices of cold grilled chicken and lots of it, set amidst a beautiful fruit plate.  Service was perfect as well and the price is moderate, about $10 a sandwich.So why wouldn't you enjoy AZ 88?  Our experience was based on:1.  Sitting on the patio2.  Beautiful weather3.  Wanting only a simple lunch4.  Getting there before the rush so we could get a good table -- if was full by 12:30If you want a more substantial meal, or something fancier, AZ 88 might not live up to your expectations.  And if you eat inside, the restaurant loses most of its charm and becomes just another comfort food place.But I can only review what I experienced, and that was five star.
5	Their quote on the menu is "it is easier for a French chef with a knife and an open fire to create a culinary masterpiece than it is for them to produce a perfect hamburger." by Louis Szathmary.  This is the place where I come for burgers & martinis. First off, I love the modern decor of the restaurant.  Glass is everywhere and everything looks chic and clean.  The building itself is art.  Which fits in really well consideration they are next to the Scottsdale center of performing arts.  It's a cultural center for modern art and food.  Their martinis are really unique.  They fill the cocktail to the brim and have some some unique concoctions.  Worth the try.  Onto the made to order burgers.  Juicy as can be.  If you love bacon, try the burger au poivre 2 & burger las brisas gives you a southwestern flair.   Or stick with the original burger or cheeseburger. Their waffle fries are great as well.  No matter which burger you choose, you're in for a treat and be prepared to be stuffed afterwards.  I would stay away from the chicken sanwiches as the one I tried was a bit dry.The have gluten free options & the kitchen is open until 12:30am, which is awesome if you want a late night meal.
4	Came here with some girlfriends. The food and drinks were excellent! Definitely recommend the ceviche. The prices were good as well. However, the waiter over-charged our table. When confronted, he lied and said he hadn't when my friend was able to pull up her bank account on her phone which showed the incorrect charge. She then spoke to the manager as well. The manager said the charges would be fixed and brought our table a dessert to share which was nice. It took several days for the charges to be fixed on our accounts but it was all fine in the end. So the food was excellent but the lie over the bill did cause the night to be a little frustrating.
5	Martini. Martini. Martini! This place... Oh how I love this place. I've been coming here for years. The food is great. The staff is great. And the martinis are huge! It's also impressive that the waitstaff can deliver your gigantic martini without spilling one drop. Now that the weather is getting nicer, sit on their patio! There is a music festival on Sunday afternoons and you can sit on the patio and listen...while having a martini of course!
3	Trendy, great vibe, especially pleasant outdoors. Yummy waffle fries with their 3 dipping sauces, but wasn't a huge fan of their chicken calabrese sandwich. The chicken was well seasoned and looked delicious, but unfortunately because it was pounded thin ended up being dry. Was definitely expecting more!
2	I really just can't get it up for this place.  It wasn't horrible, but was also nothing exciting.It is a lovely place.  I have walked past it a few times and admired its beauty.  It is clean, and crisp and bright. Really really nice.  Also small.  Not good for groups at all.  The drinks were really good too.  I'll give 'em that for sure.Unfortunately the food just doesn't live up to the decor.I had the Oriental grilled tuna and my husband had the burger au poirve.  Both were completely boring.  The fish was grilled fine... the sides were completely lack luster... the only thing with any hint of flavor on my plate was the wasabi.  I like it hot man, but that green devil paste was (to my complete and utter shock) the hottest wasabi I have had.I kept trying to liven up the blandness of my dish with the hell fire paste, but alas it was either too little and drowned out by the soy, or the equivalent of 100 tiny Chuck Norris' round house kicking my sinuses.I could have used little red riding hood to sniff out that just right amount she is so fond of.  My husband was equally unimpressed.I just don't see a second trip in our future.
5	Ready for a grown-up cocktail?  Ready for the absolute best wait and bar staff?Here it is kids.......sure, I see the reviews on the food, so what.  The appetizers are always nice...shrimp cocktail.....waffle fries........buffalo wings (btw, surprisingly delicious!)........you're really coming here to dine?   Hmmm, well ok.We keep it old school, nothing fancy...Manhattans......Martinis......the occasional Pimm's Cup........the ice water is nice too.........never disappoints.  Joe and Steen behind the bar make our visits worth it every time...........Paul, the man behind the curtain, makes it all happen.  We've been coming here for 10+ years..........and looking forward to another 10+ more.If you haven't tried it, you're missing out.........just save us a couple seats at the bar.  :-)
5	I love this place! I think I've been to this place at least six times. Excellent food and wine. Az88 is a lounge with real food. Haha.  Good vibe, good music, great customer service. Omgggg the chips we ordered was different,  yet taste delicious. Spicy just the way I like it.  Idk about the blue ranch though. I got the Portobello mushroom sandwich. It was amazing.  This is a mustttt!!.Bathroom: haha no one knows where it is or how to go about it. Lolz. I see ppl looking at the wall like uhhhhh. Haha.
4	First time at AZ88 and I have to say I am impressed by the food, if not the service. We dined for lunch on a cloudy Friday afternoon and the mood outside seemed to affect the mood inside. As we entered, one waitress was leaning against a wall with her head resting on the wall. It wasn't too terribly busy and there seemed to be enough staff but getting drinks in a timely manner wasn't happening.The food, however, was worth the discomfort. I ordered "The Chicken" and was impressed with the taste and the portions. Waffle fires were tasty but the vegetable and fruit side was rather slim (one carrot, one piece of broccoli, one piece of melon and one piece of pineapple).We'll give it another try. Hopefully the service will improve.
1	I need to preface first by saying that I have always looked forward to an evening at AZ88. It was the first "cool" restaurant I ever visited before moving to Phoenix. Last night, however, was an extremely disappointing experience. My party of 7 arrived at 8:15pm for drinks and dinner. Drinks took a very long time to arrive to the table, and we finally ordered food at 8:50pm. As we sat with empty drinks (every single person in the party), we noticed all tables around us, which had arrived after us, getting food. We finally said something to our server at about 9:40pm. Drinks are still empty at this point. When our food arrived 5 minutes later (almost an hour wait, without new drinks, of course), fries and sandwiches were cold. We were told the manager was going to "fix" things (whatever that meant), and come check in with us. Manager never came. Nothing was ever fixed, except for 2 plates of hot fries. We were offered free dessert, but by that point we didn't feel like risking additional wait. Being a server in the past myself, I understand issues happen, especially on a Friday night. It was disappointing though to see that no true or genuine effort was taken to fix the experience on part of the manager. It was the first time I felt insulted to even expect to leave a tip considering the $35 bill and disappointing experience. My apologies to the server, but I could only leave 10%. Perhaps you can ask your manager for the remaining 10-15% I would 99.9% of the time leave a server.
5	There's a reason it has made it 25+ years. Ambience: fun, upscale, trendy, postmodern, coastal-city ambience, very reasonably priced comfort food, and martinis the size of the KoolAid man!  Watching the servers navigate the RHOS, girls night out crowd, and lots of folks (who would be able to recognize the discordance of my wife's Stella McCarthy purse and Kors leather jacket) with filled-to-the-brim martinis is great sport on its own. Awesome design and Panton chairs....  Wife and friends are partial to the buffalo chicken sandwich, waffle fries, and las brisas burger.  However, Friday night at 9 pm it is not the place for a month-old baby, please learn from our mistake....  baby does display an affinity for trance music now, however.
5	Ate at AZ88 in January with two friends and loved it! We are from Chicago so being able to sit outside and eat dinner in winter was an added bonus! We started off with the dipping fries for an appetizer and the buffalo bleu cheese dipping sauce was hands down our favorite! If you're a buffalo wings fan, try it. Promise you will not be disappointed! For our entrees, two of us had the AZ88 chicken. We swapped fries on the side with grilled veggies - and HOLY COW - were they generous on that! I've never had a place give me so many veggies when I asked for no fries and I was very impressed! The chicken sandwich was delicious and had so much flavor. I wished I lived in the Scottsdale area because I would be a weekly visitor! Side Note -- my friend's initials are AZ and he is born in 1988 so it was extremely fitting for us to dine here on our trip! When we are back in Phoenix -- a stop here is an absolute must!
5	I would give them 6 stars if I could. An amazing restaurant, great ambiance, staff and most importantly food that is out of this world and strongly poured drinks. There aren't many places I've eaten at that I can honestly say knock me out of the park - this is one of them. I will be back for another 'Burger au pouvre 2' and to enjoy being in the mesmerizing atmosphere that is AZ88!
4	Great casual mainstay. Been coming for years. Satisfying martinis and consistently good comfort food. I was sad when Bar 89 closed last year (sister restaurant in NYC). It was always packed too and same consistent food and drinks.
1	Sooo bad!!  While it's a nice space, clean, chic, etc... it is still a restaurant, and the purpose of a restaurant is to serve food that people want to eat. I got the portobello burger. It was chopped ,grilled, portobellos on dry bread with tomato. It tasted like a dirt sandwich. My boyfriend got the burger pouvre or whatever it's called, and it was so "encrusted" with pepper that you couldn't taste anything but pepper. He said he had a stomachache afterward. I don't  think they even care if it tastes good. I wish I would have just ordered french fries, because they were the only thing worth eating. "Would you like a box"? No, thank you. Words cannot express how terrible the food was, and I generally will eat anything.
5	Amazing place. We were out killing time until our dinner reservations at a different place. Read the reviews and had to stop in for a drink. Place was very busy. Great looking food was coming out that almost made us want to get an appetizer. As other people noted on here, the secret bathrooms were very cool! Then the toilets are kind of hidden in there too. Just grab the door handles when inside. A must visit place if your looking for an upbeat place. You want to dress up here too.
5	AZ88 chicken sandwich is probably the greatest sandwich ever created. When you order your wings ask them to over cook them. It adds a flavor that is to die for!
4	I hadn't been here since I moved from the valley 8 years ago.  Went for lunch today and it is still really good.  Club with lots of veggies and waffle fries... How can you go wrong?I agree with the reviewers that said it has lost some of the it's "gay fabulousness" it had back in the day and the service is a little slow, but the food and drinks are good and the patio overlooking the Civic Center is a great venue
2	Food was pretty good, very nice patio, but service was terrible. It was so bad that it spoiled the food and ambiance.  Sorry I will not be bad- it is a shame, as really wanted to like this place based on the reviews, but too many other great places in Scottsdale to come back to a place that does not care about service.
5	I've been coming to this restaurant for quite sometime, it has a great atmosphere, great tasty food, and the customer service is what I want to focus on.  I placed a to go order at the bar, the restaurant was busy but I got taken care of right away.  I had to leave but I wanted to pay first, someone else offered to take my payment since the bartender was busy making drinks.  I didn't notice it at the time but I in my rushing to run a quick errand while my to go food was cooking, I dropped some cash on the ground.  When I realized this I hoped maybe it would still be there waiting for me on the floor.  I returned to pick up my to go order, but the money was gone.  I asked my server if anyone had found some money on the floor, without a moments hesitation all the staff started to ask on my behalf.  They located my lost money and returned it to me.  They said I was lucky, I agree.  I was lucky enough to be around such a competent and caring staff!Thanks again for everything!!!
4	Liked the out of ordinary location and design of the restaurant. The bar had some good libations with good Gin drinks infused with lavender.The bacon and dates with radish is a good appetizer.The buffalo chips with hot sauce and blue cheese are really executed well.Entrees were ok, more of an app and drinks place.
4	Very cool environment. I was expecting it to be a bigger restaurant. The table style was kind of weird and it felt like everyone was all squeezing together. The bathrooms were covert and hidden. The selection of beer was decent and they had a very good variety at the bar. The food was very good. I got the cheeseburger and it was cooked very good. If this place was not so far away I would go more often
5	I LOVE AZ88! This place is amazing and what makes it even more amazing is my favorite server REBECCA! She always ends up being our server every time we go in and I'm always so happy! She is awesome! Super nice and funny, also she is on top of everything and thinks of things the table needs before even asking! My boyfriend and I had our first date there and just went again yesterday for our two year anniversary and Rebecca brought us a piece of cheese cake with two candles on it!! So sweet! I always recommend AZ88 to all  my clients (Im a Hairstylist in scottsdale) looking for an awesome place to eat and get a killer martini with blue cheese stuffed olives!!  I always make sure to tell them to sit in Rebecca's section because she's awesome!!!
4	A great place for a night on the town!  Wonderful funky-trendy atmosphere, tasty food, enormous yummy martinis (ask for a chocolate one - you won't be sorry!).  The people-watching is excellent, the patio is lovely, and even when it's crowded, it's still a really fun place to be.  I'm not huge on the lounge/club scene, but this place is a big favorite and an excellent example of its type.The waffe fries are yummy, the grilled vegetable plate has lots of flavor and terrific dips, the smoked salmon is lovely as is the ahi tuna salad.  I've tried a bunch if items and have never gone wrong, so take your chances with confidence.
5	Kick -ass food! Try the burger or nachos. All drinks are outstanding & staff is very friendly and accommodating.
4	Amazing burgers and martinis. The cocktails are boozy and filled to the brim. The burgers are done loosie-juicy style. Try the hell's fire chips, au poivre burgers and the AZ88 chicken sandwich.
3	Decent prices, but not the best food/drink options in that part of old town.The good: love their integration as an art gallery with rotating exhibits. It's a relaxed atmosphere and a beautiful restaurant. I'm always a fan of restaurants with a lot of natural light. The bad: their lunch menu is decent, but the dinners are really lacking. I've tried to give their food a chance, but just haven't fallen in love. Same goes for the cocktails. I ordered a Moscow mule, and it was very disappointing. If you go in with the expectation that it will be a culinary feast, you will be disappointed. If you want a decent chicken sandwhich or salad for lunch, and want to cool, bright spot to enjoy it, then az88 would be a good choice!
3	As a bar, AZ88 is prolly the most stylish, relaxing, and just plain beautiful location I've been to in six years of dining out in the Valley.  On a Sunday afternoon, the glass walls overlooking the Scottsdale Civic Center Park can almost bring tears of joy to my eyes, it's that gorgeous.  The overall concept is spectacular (OMG! The bathrooms are art installations!).  And the drinks are extraordinarily well conceived and delicious.  Waiters are magnificent, and magnificent to look at.  But boy do they need to rework their kitchen.  I've been here four times, and the food, while generous, just isn't that great.  It's heavy, over sauced and seasoned, and just not that much variety.  Rethink the menu and manage the quality of the kitchen product, and this place is perfect.  As is, just go for a great night of style, terrific cocktails and hanging out.
4	The bonfire chicken was amazing!  Their mojito to was perfectly paired with the warm  weather.  Prices are reasonable and the outdoor ambience meshes well with old town.  They could use a little more shade on the patio.  If you're going on a warm day make sure you sit inside!
3	Way too pretentious for me, but the food was flavorful and reasonably priced. I would not recommend for families only because of the number of nekkid pictures of males and females adorning the walls. Check out the bathrooms if you can. It is as if Rick James and Gaga had a baby and she grew up to be a coked up bathroom designer.
3	One of the best spots to have a Moscow Mule along with great atmosphere and artistic scenery to soak in. The music is fresh and keeps the vibe alive.. nothing but amazing things to experience one tiny flaw - a bad bartender stein? stein? nosy and made his way into a private conversation and preceded  soliciting my clients for money for his branded juice  MLM business :-( boo!
4	I met a friend here recently for lunch and was kind of amazed after all these years how consistent AZ 88 has remained. I remember coming here for birthday dinners & what not YEARS ago (I'm probably talking like 10ish years ago) and it pretty much seems the same then as it is now (menu, decor, taste of food, etc), and yet despite such little change it still has a "hip" feel to it. In the past I always used to get burgers & chicken sandwiches and they were always tasty. This time I got a club with bacon & avocado on wheat bread. It was yummy! Honestly, there wasn't necessarily anything special about it, but it was just plain good! I love the waffle fries at AZ 88 & I like that they throw in a few pieces of fruit on your plate so you feel like you're getting a few bites of something healthy with your meal. The decor at AZ 88 is really trendy. White tables & comfortable couch-like booths. The service is good and the prices are very reasonable (especially for how much food you get). I like how they allow you to split the same sandwich with someone and just pay $3 extra for a full order of extra fries & fruit. AZ 88 is a really fun place to come to if you want to feel like you're being "fancy' without paying a lot. Now that I've rediscovered this place I'll be back again soon!
5	Our absolute favorite place in Scottsdale!  Our criteria when we bought our house was that it was bike riding distance to AZ88!  Amazing cocktails and atmosphere.. Flirtini's are amazing tasting and will kick your butt!  Just like I like it.  Bartenders make all the drinks pretty much perfect.  Service is incredible.  Shqipta, Rachel and Amir are all amazing!  One of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had.  Try it on pumperknickel.  Cobb salad w/ havarti, MMMmmmmm!  Great ceviche and hell fire chips too!  Oh, and the golden rum cake... to die for!!!
5	The bartenders here are the best!! Steen is very personable and remembers his customers. The food is delicious and the drinks are worth coming back for :)
3	I had a virgin bloody mary that was actually fantastic.. Perfect spice...And I had the salad with the buffalo chicken, blue cheese, and sauteed celery. The sauteed celery was a brilliant touch, loved it. Overall, I've eaten here three or four times and haven't quite developed a craving. Perfect place to bring a date or girlfriend for drinks though.
1	Why do people go here? I ordered the Truck Stop sandwich. I thought a chicken sandwich would be a safe choice, but it was covered in uncrushed peppercorns, leaving my mouth burning. Not only was it really pricey but I am almost 100% certain that they gave me some leftover scraps of fruit and an old baby carrot. I seriously cannot understand why it was so crowded. The food is gross! DO NOT GO TO ZONA 88 IN SCOTTSDALE. It sucks.
3	Stopped today for a mid afternoon beverage and snack. I have to say it was ok. Loved the waffle fries and the location. Service was awkward, since it was slow, server was busy chatting w friends, had to call her over to take payment, she said she wasn't sure we were ready because she felt as if she was always interrupting--has the be a common thing that happens to wait staff, since they do have to interrupt frequently!
5	Wow!!!  I love this place.   I have just discovered it has the best burger I have ever had too!  "Burger Au Poivre Ii," is bold and complete in flavor, my mouth is watering as I write this review.  Eating this burger is almost like the first time you eat thai food.  It is a combination of flavors that you didn't expect, but it is so perfect, that it becomes your new favorite.  The "Burger Au Poivre Ii" does have bleu cheese on it, so if you are not a stout pallet, perhaps you should pick something lighter.    I also drank an English Garden with my burger, if in case it happened to be the combination which induced the state of epicurean nirvana from which I am writing.
5	Love, love, love this place. This is my favorite spot to  eat, drink and be seen. From the decor, the interesting mix of people, and the chill vibe, AZ 88 has been my date night spot consistently since  2009 and I love it more and more every year. The drinks are quite amazing to say the least. The martinis are super potent with flavor and alcohol. ..definitely worth every penny. I am obsessed with the Mai Tai as well as the Mojito.   You can tell they dont use the dreaded sour mix, it's mixed with quality ingredients.   Count on it, the drinks will take you there in no time. The food is soooo good. When i used to eat meat,  the AZ88 chicken sandwich was my ish. The food is always seasoned well, hot and just smack yo momma good. I love going to the bathroom to watch myself in the mirrors that are everywhere. It's so much to say about this place, you just have to go and see for yourself. ..your welcome! !
4	I enjoyed the Burger Au Poivre II. I enjoyed the salty dog. I thought both of those dishes were worth the price I paid. I don't know about the St. Petersburg chips, though. Those were disappointingly overwhelmed with sour cream. More lox, less sour cream please. Also, the French 75 was refreshing but pretty bland. And, the fries that came with the burger were disappointingly tasteless and dry without being crispy.
4	Went on a Friday Night... had a pretty long wait but it was worth it.  The food was good and reasonable priced. The Drinks for a lil vegas price wise but were strong which made it worth it. I had the Stinger which got a nice buzz going for me. The food was good I tried The BLT which was good but noting to rave about. I wouldnt mind go back again
5	Great dinner place...Went there years ago when they opened. Now it is back on my radar.
5	I need to come here a lot more!Everything I have had here is great. Bartenders are nice, kinda chic, fun yet professional.  I prefer ordering any specialty cocktail here because they are different and delicious!Burgers have to be my favorite food items- the meat is great quality. I don't think anyone could be disappointed with their food. Love sitting outside - beautiful patio to watch the civic center action go by. you can't go wrong coming here!
1	Worst experience ever! They let people smoke on their patio where people are eating. We had no idea until we received our food and smoke was blowing our way! Our waiter was kind but another waitness was awful!  She dropped all our dishes on the ground and didn't wipe up the spill. My friend almost fell and thankfully I caught her. Awful experience! ! Never going back.
3	Very swanky place. I went there with a group for a friend's birthday dinner. It didn't really work too well for that since it was hard for us to hear each other over the music (they have a live DJ on Saturday nights) and also the tables don't really work well for large groups. It would be a much better option for drinks before a show at the performing arts theater which is just steps away. I kept seeing martinis being delivered to other tables around us so that must be their specialty. For us group of non-drinkers (on that particular night) we didn't sample any of their cocktails. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food but no one really raved about it. I had the ahi topen faced sandwich and it was really yummy. If the service had been better I probably would have given them another star.
5	Hands down the best buffalo chicken salad (& salad in general) I've ever had!  The 'AZ88 Chicken Salad' has spectacular flavor & a generous portion for the chicken, plus celery, lots of blue cheese crumbles, sliced grape tomatoes, thinly-sliced cucumber, radish & mushrooms, then a bonus of avocado & sliced green olives all mixed together with a light blue cheese dressing.  Simply Incredible!  It was my first time there and aside from a stellar meal, the Malbec offering was great as was the ambiance.  Off the beaten path but definitely worth it!
5	Come for the bathroom, stay for the cheeseburger.
4	The atmosphere is very lively. I liked the environment and how the place looked. Service was satisfactory; took about 10 minutes until our waiter ask for our order of drinks, so I went to the bar instead. Food service took longer than expected, considering it was very busy, it's understandable. My dish wasn't to die for, but I highly recommend the waffle fries they serve there! Overall, was a good experience, definitely a place to go for bigger groups of friends.
4	Az 88 is exactly what you want from a modern, new age restaurant. The decor and lighting is unique and really sets the mood for a fun evening in Scottsdale. The menu is fairly big for this type of restaurant and the prices are excellent considering the look and feel of the place would make you think the food would be much pricier. The few items I tried were great and the consensus of our group was that everything was good. The restrooms are awesome just don't be fooled by the mirrors on every wall. I really enjoyed my experience at AZ88 and would definitely consider going again.
4	Took my first trip to AZ 88 last night, didn't even realize it was right in the Civic Center. Decided to go here kind of last minute when my boyfriend saw an article talking about their burgers in the newspaper.When we first got there I was a little surprised that there wasn't a hostess. Not that they needed one, it was just unexpected for a nicer restaurant. The ambiance was pretty nice, very open setting. One downside was that some of the booth seats, and the bench in the front was kind of gross and dirty. Otherwise, everything else was clean. I got the Portobello Mushroom sandwich and a Salty Dog to drink. Our service was great, and our food arrived in a timely matter. The food was good. My sandwich was a tad dry, but nothing a little ketchup can't fix. Also loved the potato chip-type-thing on it. Gave the sandwich a nice crunch. My drink was also enjoyable, a few more chunks of grapefruit than expected, but not bad. Also thought it was kinda funny how they served one small carrot and like a fraction of a radish with my food. Who eats raw radishes? Stole my bf's floret of broccoli to make up for it haha. The best part of my meal by far was the waffle fries. Idk what it is about fries in that shape, but they just taste so much better than regular fries!My boyfriend got a burger that was supposed to have jalepenos on it, however, when it arrived there were no jalepenos to be seen! He told our server, and he quickly brought us a side of jalepenos. He thought his burger was good, but it was not a personal favorite. The bathrooms here are pretty funky too. First off, they are impossible to find because theres no handle, and its only labeled at the very bottom where you can't see. The interior is covered with mirrors and the women's bathroom had pink lights everywhere. Was definitely the most interesting restaurant bathroom I've experienced so far.The price was not too terrible for the amount of food they give you. Sad that they didn't have a happy hour though. This was a unique restaurant to try. The location was nice, and though there are a few things that lack in the restaurant, it is definitely worth making a visit.
5	I can't say enough about the hospitality and customer service of this restaurant! They accommodated our party of 30 out on their patio with great ease. The food was amazing!The drinks were just right! It made our party perfect to be able to hold it here. Dale really went out of his way for us and I really appreciate it. I have also been here for lunch several times with much smaller parties and they are just as attentive and the food is always terrific!
3	Here for happy hour last night, but no happy hour price breaks. Bill was pretty high for what we ate...but hey, it's like IN THE PARK IN OLD TOWN. You can go for a carriage ride, stroll the fountains, and eat pretty good food. Someone has to pay for that location. We started with the bacon wrapped water chestnuts, touted by all. They were different, I get it, savory and sweet. It was under $10, dip them in honey (the sweet part). They make good drinks here. Moscow Mule was spot on, copper mug and all. The Portobello sandwich was delicious, wings (all drums) delicious and both cam with really fresh waffle fries. The place is trendy, spotless, full of trendy spotless people, all seemed to be having a good time. I think this would be a great date place, because of all the things mentioned previously. Red head bartender was a great help, I didn't et her name, but she should get a raise. Came here last year with a wedding party and the service was awesome as well.
5	What a beautiful patio....quiet, clean on a huge park- great service- yummy food- very well priced considering the million dollar atmosphere- Modern- they allow well behaved dogs on the patio- so close to cute shops. the civic center mall can be tricky to find- just watch for the signage- 'civic center parking lot' we went for a very late lazy lunch- it is not a chain with stupid cold microwaved food- it is a real restaurant where chefs think about creative light fare. The menu is very lite so do not go if you want a rack of lamb. we all had the BLT- the fry were hot - the sandwich was nice and warm- the bacon was perfectly crisped- the price- very reasonable
4	Update time! I've had the pleasure of enjoying a cocktail or two at AZ 88, but hadn't eaten there until last night. Word on the street is their chicken sandwiches are where it's at- it's true folks! My Four-Peaks Kilt Lifter paired perfectly with the Garden Truck chicken sandwich- super juicy lemon and peppercorn crusted chicken with cucumbers, radish and mayo- add avocado. And those waffle fries! A must with a side of ranch. Service is friendly, attentive and timely. Best of all, this place is a hop skip and jump from the Saguaro hotel.
4	We headed to AZ 88 after a long day and I was ready for some delicious food, and some relaxing. It was a little hard to find the entrance to the place, but seeing as it was about 90 seconds walk from the hotel I wasn't complaining!The decor is very modern minimalist, and the patio was lovely - perfect for a warm Fall evening. Our server was friendly and attentive all evening, she never intruded on conversation but seemed to find the perfect moment to jump in and see how we were doing. I ordered the Garden Truck Chicken Sandwich with extra avocado (how could I not? I'm a sucker for avocado...) which came with waffle fries and fruit. The sandwich was super delicious, and the avocado took it to the next level. The vegetables were fresh and added a great crunch to the sandwich, and the chicken was well cooked. I can never resist waffle fries, but I thought the fruit was a bit of a weird choice; it just didn't seem to fit with the rest of the dish.I had a local IPA with my sandwich, which was very good! I would have liked a little more assistance in choosing my beer from the server, but I can't complain - I'm a local beer fiend, and I can't blame other people for not knowing every in and out of their local beer scene!The proximity to the hotel, and the pleasant time we had will definitely have me coming back to AZ 88 - I've gotta try some of those cocktails!
4	All the food and appirizers we ordered were good especially the grilled cheese sandwich. Great place to sit outside to eat in nice weather. Wish they had a happy hour.
4	Went here to grab dinner with my girlfriend after a movie at Camelview. I'm not always one for swanky Scottsdale places, but it turned out to be a very pleasant experience. AZ 88 is a trendy looking place in the Scottsdale Civic Center Park with patio seating right next to an immaculate lawn and enchanting promenade.The menu is chick-heavy and full of unique takes on classic offerings. I tried the Elsa's chicken sandwich and was not disappointed with the soy-ginger dragon sauce. My girlfriend ordered the buffalo chicken salad and we split a salmon and cream cheese on potato chips appetizer. Like I said before, enjoyable experience overall and I'm definitely planning on going back to try the other offerings on the menu.
4	Last night I met up with some good friends of mine here at AZ 88 and we were so delighted about the entire experience. I usually rave about the food first but I'm going to RAVE about our server for the evening, Rebecca. She was probably the nicest, kindest and professional server I've ever had in my entire life. From start to finish she was on top of EVERYTHING. We never had a half full glass of water and never had to ask for anything because she knew EXACTLY what we needed. By far, hands down the BEST service I've had. If you go to AZ 88, ask for Rebecca, you will NOT be disappointed.Now, the food! Shrimp ceviche was absolutely amazing as an appetizer as was the dipping ries with all the amazing sauces you get with it. Must try appetizers for sure. The bonfire chicken dish was amazing, so full of flavor and the chicken was so tender and melts in your mouth. Cheeseburgers are WONDERFUL, the meat is so tender and once again, tons of flavor, however, I wish it was served on a better bun. A very chic, romantic and modern place. You MUST try AZ 88 and don't forget to have Rebecca as your server!
4	AZ 88 is a great spot in Scottsdale for cool vibes and a cool atmosphere.  It is located at the Scottsdale Civic Center and the patio over looks the Scottsdale Center for the Arts.  If you are looking for a good patio in the area, definitely check it out.  The menu is good, tries to be interesting but it's just variations of appetizers, salads and chicken sandwiches.  It's a casual menu with an upscale twist which is nice for the area.  The prices are pretty reasonable also.  Salads and Sandwiches are $12-$14 and the portions are a good size.  The  drink menu is also very impressive with tons of wines, rums, and craft beers to choose from.We started with the house made chips with lox and cream cheese on top.  Huge portion but I think they forgot half the lox.  Interesting dish but I probably won't order it again.  I had the AZ 88 salad for dinner which was great!  It's a chopped salad with grilled buffalo chicken on top.  The sandwiches come with waffle fries which is always a plus in my book!
5	We were looking for a dog friendly restaurant, and happened upon AZ 88. They are wonderful! They brought out a bowl of water for our puppy, and the staff fawned over her - which we loved! They were all very friendly, and service was top notch! The food was wonderful as well. I ordered one of their salads, and it was delicious! We enjoyed everything about this place, and will definitely be back!!
2	Pretty restaurant. Modern decor with interesting statues and art scattered throughout. Seating is comfortable and they're good at accommodating large groups.Food is extremely bland - too simple in taste for my preference. Prices are also pretty high relative to what you're getting. I had the buffalo chicken salad, which wasn't spicy and craved flavor. It was a good portion size, but I wasn't impressed. Burger was cooked a true medium, which is good, but again, too simple in flavor. Won't be back.
3	I can't believe I hadn't been to AZ 88 before. So last weekend, I came for lunch (in the midst of the Scottsdale artfest) with my step mom and her mom. There was a 45 minute wait for patio seating, but we snagged a table inside, but right by the open patio (so pretty much on the patio) right away... nice! We decided to share the cobb salad and the self proclaimed best grilled cheese in the world between the 3 of us. The salad was decent and a large portion. I had mine with the balsamic dressing, which was fairly standard. The grilled cheese was alright, but certainly not the best in the world... not even the best in Phoenix. It was cheesy, but the cheese wasn't really melted (maybe it had sat for a bit before being delivered?). Anyway, it was fine, but nothing special. The fries that came with it were also nothing very special.. just plain waffle fries. The portion was large. The bill was also large... a salad and a sandwich, no drinks... 30$!?!?! whoa. I would possibly go back if I were in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't seek it out.
5	AZ88 consistently delivers a good vibe and a casual atmosphere for friends and groups. We have frequented 88 for a number of years now, and always go back. The setting is special, and we love sitting outdoors. Will be back soon to get a glimpse of the Christmas tree and have a cheer. We all have our favorites when it comes to food, husbands is Las Brisas burger and mine is any chicken sandwich on the menu. This is the perfect time of year to give this place on the green area a try.
5	Took my Mom & Sis here the day before Thanksgivibg who were visiting out of town and we all had a blast! The food was Delish and the drinks were Devine! One of my favorite restuarants in scottsdale! Such a cool atmosphere, ambiance and great service! Love everything about this place. The wings, AZ88 chicken sandwich, and Ceaser salad are some of our favs!
4	Fantastic selection at the bar with great prices and food to go with it.  Tho this place is a bar first the a restaurant their food is better than a lot of other places I've been to.  After going here multiple times and sitting either on the patio, inside, or at the bar the service has been equally perfect every time.  They're always attentive but not in your face about checking up on you.  It seems they have the perfect balance here.  If in Scottsdale I'd definitely recommend you check this place out.
4	Fantastic selection at the bar with great prices and food to go with it.  Tho this place is a bar first the a restaurant their food is better than a lot of other places I've been to.  After going here multiple times and sitting either on the patio, inside, or at the bar the service has been equally perfect every time.  They're always attentive but not in your face about checking up on you.  It seems they have the perfect balance here.  If in Scottsdale I'd definitely recommend you check this place out.
4	If you love martinis this place is a must! Dress to impress for a date or a girls night this is the place to enjoy and have a nice time with your friends. Best time to visit is hands down after Scottsdale Culinary Fest because you meet people of all places. Food fav: must try chicken sandwich (comes with waffle fries and fruit) Drink of choice: Moscow mule
