4	"Agave redefines the conventional Mexican dining experience by combining the radiant flavors and handcrafted care of traditional Mexican cuisine with a modern twist. Executive Chefs Matthew Silverman and Juan Saldana collaberated to create an authentic Mexican menu with a contemporary polish all presented in a traditional Mexican setting. The restaurant's dynamic architecture is reminiscent of a palapa; a structure found in the tropical resorts of Mexico, complete with a thatched roof and vibrant colors. Agave takes it name from the plant used to make tequila in the region of Tequila, Mexico. The restaurant features a bar which boasts over 80 fine Agave tequilas and encourages guests to sample the distinct flavors of each." - according to the company...and they are right.It is a very nice place to go and the food is as good as you will fine anywhere.  Like all of my reviews I take service and expense into account and I must drop this to 4 stars.  Service isn't great, and it is overpriced...not bad...but enough.  Still, I dream of their dark red salsa.
4	One of my very favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. This place is in Summerlin, about 15 miles off of the strip in a suburban neighborhood. If you are from out of town, go here, and then go to the Red Rock Casino across the street. There's more to Vegas than The Strip!This place is a great experience. All the furniture and silverware and plates and even the bar were made in Mexico and imported exclusively for this restaurant! The walls are pink/green/red and very colorful with a high cieling in the bar area. There's an awesome patio for drinking margaritas on the cool(er) Las Vegas nights.The food is Mexican, but tries not to be Tex-Mex (though it still is sometimes). They have duck quesadillas! The winner is the free chips (fresh) and salsa (three kinds - all awesome - all free!).It is supposedly open 24 hours a day though like many places in "locals" Vegas, there is probably nobody in there from 3AM until lunch.
3	Right not a Mexican joint... Because Mexicans don't eat Duck....For tequila 5 stars. Great tequila choices. Mmmm Bloody Maria....Beautiful place. Great Crowd. Nice atmosphere. The food is..eh mediocre. What is this Mexican fusion. I'm sorry Mexican food is great but when you make it Duck Quesadilla? What about Mole Beef and broccoli? The thing with mexican food is...Jalisco, Oaxaca areas...food is more complex than TJ or Ensenada. Ok but give me a dollar fish taco any day. If I want mexican. I want barbacoa, or cabeza, etc...What next duck tacos? Are there even ducks in Mexico? So I'm kinda on the fence with this place. Maybe I'll go home and make house special fried rice and beans with some kung pao carne....So the bar and decor was made in mexico. If it wasn't asians that made it....it's asians that designed it.
5	Best 24 Hour restaurant experience in Vegas...make sure to sit outside on a warm night....great atmosphere!!
5	Eaten here numerous times & the ONLY bad thing I can say is the service at the beginning can be slow but after that they make up for it in spades.  Tara M. has pretty much said it all & I agree with her, I'll add the shrimp/Crab enchiladas are freakin' sweet!  And I had the Carne Asada burrito & it was yummy and a little TOO big.Bring your appetite with you & try a Mojito here too, tasty beverage!
4	12/07 Warm blue and white corn tortilla chips were served with a pair of salsas and a warm bean dip.  My wife ordered the blue corn chicken enchiladas and a soda.  I opted for the taco sampler again, this time receiving what I ordered, namely birria (goat), rock shrimp and carnitas (pulled pork).  My dish was very good though the birria was a little too strong flavored.  My wife's enchiladas made a disappearing act from her plate and I can only take her word for it that they were delicious.   In order to meet the $35 minimum purchase requirement on our restaurant.com (R.com) gift certificate we were forced to order a coffee flan.  Our bill exceeded the requirement by a mere 81 cents before tax and gratuity were added.  09/07 This is an upscale Mexican restaurant in terms of both dcor and menu.  We were served a colorful basket of warm tortilla chips along with 3 salsas.  We shared a bowl of black bean and smoked cheddar soup that was finished with a spoonful of salsa fresca and cilantro.  Ms. Westie ordered the shrimp and crab stacked enchiladas with sweet corn and chili sauce and micro greens.  I opted for the taco sampler - birria de chivo (marinated goat, avocado puree, cilantro and onion), carnitas with nopales salsa and tomato purcee and fresh fish with Mexican slaw and salsa fresca.  The kitchen made a mistake preparing carne asada (grilled skirt steak) instead of the carnitas, not a problem since all 3 tacos were delicious.  When I brought the mistake to the waiter's attention, he offered to bring me an additional taco, but I was satiated and waived him off.
4	One of the best Mexican places I've been to in Vegas.  I don't think many places offer goat on the menu (although it just tasted like pork shoulder) but the outdoor area is nice for a group.  Great guacamole and the after hours menu although limited is cheap and very filling.  I often wonder who comes here at 7am and what do they order???  I assume its just Red Rock staff people but I could be wrong.  The decor is quite cool as are the restrooms!
4	Excellent Mexican food!! Great place to grab a bite before heading to Red Rock Casino. Their tacos are the best, especially the rock shrimp tacos! They serve a fabulous sangria margarita! They will kick you in the butt,so be sure to eat plenty before downing a couple of those! They offer outdoor dining and gaming at the bar!
4	I really enjoy the design of the restaurant- the colors, tiles, interior and exterior layout- its all very charming and fun.  The food is interesting- I had   soup made with beans and cheese, and it arrived in a yin yang pattern that was kinda cute.  While you wait for your meal they supply you with tasty chips (oily, but you know they are freshly made!) and tasty salsas to dip them in.  Service at lunchtime on a weekday was speedy enough, and the waitstaff were very friendly and helpful. I would gladly bring any of my friends here.
4	I went to Agave for lunch yesterday with my husband and two friends in town from L.A.  I LOVE the ambience of this Mexican restaurant and all of the rock en espanol they play takes me back to the days of spending time at Tijuanas in Irvine, CA on Saturday nights.  But I digress....The wait staff wasn't very attentive for an otherwise slow day at this venue, but the food was great.  I had the blue corn chicken enchiladas and a margarita.  No matter when you go, Agave never seems to have a full house and it makes me wonder how they keep the place going.  It's still a favorite of ours, though, and the bar layout is great for late night drinks with chips and salsa.  If you are ever in the Boca Park area, check it out.
5	This place is really good -- I just changed it to 5 stars.  First, the ambiance is amazing.  Inside and outside, it just feels cool, like you're in a good casino lounge.  Second, the food is delicious.  They serve a full menu during the day, and a late night menu after 9pm, I believe.  They do stay open all night, I believe, so we usually go in when everything else is closed.  The duck quesadilla is really good, as is the carne asada burrito.But the drinks are where Agave really stands out.  They have a list of specialty margaritas which run around $10 and are well worth it -- top shelf tequilas with unique flavors.  Personally, I almost always get the Tlaquepaque margarita (Casa Noble Crystal, fresh raspberries, Cointreau and fresh lime).  They also have a large tequila menu, and you can do a sampler of three tequilas for $12.Everytime I go here with my friends, we say how we should go here more often.  Hopefully we'll live up to that this time.
1	Service was bad. Didn't have Bohemia beer (hello, is this a high-end Mexican restaurant, amigo?). And the kitchen had run out of Duck tacos at 6 pm. One star because the girls at the hostess stand were cute and very sweet. Lindo Michoacan is better authentic Mexican. Dos Caminos is better pretentious Mexican.
2	I don't get chain restaurants.  Can a chain restaurant really serve authentic ethnic food?  Or is there such a strict code of uniformity that authenticity must be sacrificed for the masses?I will admit there are times when a chain place can be comforting and even welcomed.  But I know full well what to expect (or not expect) at those times.I don't think this place is a chain but it sure does have that chain feel to it.The food was good but there wasn't enough to be filling and not worth what we paid for.  The same story goes with the margaritas.  It was refreshing but lacked a punch.  We kept waiting for a slight buzz to hit after guzzling down a pitcher.  But nada.  You can image what we said when our waitress asked if we wanted another.Overall, it's as good if not slightly better than Chevy's or El Torito. And until I yelp or find something better, I'm sticking with Roberto's Taco Shop.
5	LOVE going to Agave... Love the food... Love the decor... Love the MARGARITAS!!!! and great, great prices..I even picked it to eat at after our wedding. They were very accommadating letting me drop off my cake before hand.
5	My first time eating outside of the strip in Vegas because my friend is originally from there so she took us to this restaurant. WOW! Everything from the Guacamole, salad, entree and the dessert was just AWESOME!!! We didn't get a chance to drink the margaritas but next time I'm definitely going back. It is worth the drive and also it's fun to hang out with the locals. Recommendations:1. Guacamole w/Chile peppers2. Shredded beef tortilla salad3. Blue corn enchiladas4. Churros with the ice creamThis places reminds me of Colibri in the city which I also highly recommend.
5	i'm so sad that my new favorite restaurant is all the way in vegas!!!!!!! i guess we'll just have to plan more trips :oDi'm a major creature of habit so my bf took me here without giving me much choice. and im sooo glad he "forced" me!!! hehe. it was both of our first time at agave, and we were in awe. we waited about 25 mins to sit at the patio. it was a long wait on an empty stomach, but well worth it. enjoyed the margarita tonala (strawberry margarita) as we waited. the decor is beautiful!!!!! i loved the restrooms. check out the sinks.... pretty dope! and the gorgeous mirror outside the restrooms.... can i take it home?!?!?! patio was very nice & romantic. a few fireplaces to sit and have drinks by. they served 3 different salsas that were yummy. my boyfriend ordered the duck quesadillas. they were sooo good and full of flavor!! i got the potato and portabello mushroom tacos!!!!! oh my heart. how can something veggie taste sooo good! they give you 3 stuffed tacos and they are with hard BLUE corn tortillas! never seen this before. the hard tacos gave it great texture. the staff was really nice & attentive. decor and ambience was amazing. location is great, right across from red rock hotel & casino. & wasn't expensive at all!!!! it was about $30 for both of us. you gotta try this place! we'll def be coming back on our next vegas trip.
4	I could've easily given this place 5 stars but I'm trying (and failing) to be more selective with my 5-star ratings, and because it took a really long time to get the check.That being said, I loved this place.  We were visiting Vegas from San Francisco and were looking for a place to stop for lunch on our way to Red Rock.  We were ready to resign ourselves to some kind of crappy strip mall food (ie: Olive Garden) when we stumbled upon Agave.Despite the bright pink exterior and strip mall location, this place is definitely not Chevy's, On The Border or your typical suburban chain Mexican joint.  There were authentic flavors and ingredients (nopales, roasted pumpkin seeds, etc), and the decor was very impressive.  Plus the outdoor patio chairs were super-comfy.I got the taco sampler with carne asada, al pastor and carnitas and all three were delicious.
4	I like it, and so far I think it is one of the best restaurants in Summerlin which is quite aways from all the chaos and dream food of the strip. My husband had pumpkin salmon and I was pretty jealous because I played it safe with fajitas(which were good). I normally would rate this a 3.5 but they get a .5 for bringing good food closer to my parents house. Some days you just dont want to shelp over to the strip to eat.
5	There seems to be a few negative reviews here, but I think whatever they've been smoking has affected their taste buds.  I grew up in Southern CA and have seen Mexican food from mom & pop hole-in-the wall joints to the latest trendoid fantasies.  I think Agave is the best "upscale" Mexican food I've encountered, by a large measure.  The margaritas are exceptional as well.   Also, if you ask if they have any hotter sauce than the three they serve by default, they have a nice Habanero based sauce that fits the bill nicely (I was there with my 84-year-old mom who grew up eating hot chilies on a farm, and likes her Mexican food *hot*).   I ordered a black-bean, chicken & grilled veg burrito (I forget the exact title of the dish), that was world-class, the treatment of the sauce & cheese on the outside reminded me of some of the best Italian calzone's I've had, and the flavor of the components inside was truly awe-inspiring.  The service was excellent and friendly too.  I'll be back to try some of their other goodies, and soon, as Agave was an incredible taste treat.  The only thing I could find wrong with it if I was extremely picky, was the music was a little louder than I would have liked (weekend at peak of dinner though, so it was not all that unexpected).   I'd go there just for the margaritas, if that was all I was after, as the house margarita was exceptional, and I tried one other which was equally good-- in itself no mean feat, making a really good margarita is an art, and I'd say at Agave, there are artists in both the kitchen and the bar....
2	The food here is fair and the service was very poor.  The waiter took our appetizer order and we didn't see him again for another 30 minutes.  What should of been quick lunch turned into a 1 1/2 hour meal. The guacamole is not very good, it doesn't seem made to order and that's a shame.  I'm sure that the food and service is much better than what we experienced.
5	I love good Mexican food and this place knows how to make it. The ambiance takes you south of the border as soon as you step inside. The tequila tasting is fun and they always have local specials on the weekends for free margaritas. I've gone on romantic dates and hung out with large groups of friends there. The patio is perfect on summer nights (tables could be bigger) but the fire is great. I go here all the time and recommend it to everyone!
2	the fillet Mignon fajitas were not very good, the atmosphere is really cool though.
4	I had the chicken tacos which were really good, and the salsa wasn't too bad either. Service was a bit slow, but other than that we enjoyed our meal....but if you come here definitely try the margaritas!
3	I wasn't really impressed by this "Mexican" restaurant. It seemed less mexican and more like a fusion of Mexican and American dishes. I went with a group of friends one evening and it seemed like a meat market night club. The service was shoddy at best. Our drinks didn't make it to the table until we had been seated for 20 minutes. I am a huge guacamole fan, and never thought I could go wrong ordering it, but it wasn't good at all. I had the fajitas, which were completely void of flavor. The best part of this place was the decor, which was distracted by the "club scene" and loud atmosphere. If you like that type of thing, and stick to ordering drinks, this place might be good for you.
3	This place looks like a taco joint at Disney land. Way over the top with outdoor seating and fireplaces and huge bar. We stopped in for a quick drink and lunch. As soon as we sat down, the table next was leaving and ran off in a huff "Maybe next time you can send us a waiter that cares". Normally I chalk this behavior up to the princess syndrome....we sit down and order 4 drinks. This place was almost empty and I saw a two full time bartenders working. We ordered 4 margaritas, and waited at least 25 minutes for them, the entire time not a single person came out to see if needed anything. We eventually were allowed to order some carne asada nachos which arrived with almost no meat. And even if we wanted to complain we couldn't because the waiter never came over. Maybe it was a bad day? I totally saw what the table next to us saw. The service was pretty bad. Food was ok, and the drinks were pretty good. Maybe next time I'm in town, I'll go at night and see if service improves.
4	I've only been to Agave a handful of times, not nearly enough. I really like the spot. At first, I thought the architecture was too eccentric, but then I thought of Antoni Gaudi and his warped up Casa Mila and things didn't seem so bad. Agave has great Mexican food, elevated to the status of fusion with the modern stylings the chefs use. Last time I went, I had the Shrimp and Crab Stacked Enchiladas on my server's recommendation. It was really good, really rich. Our server was awesome, by the way. Accommodating and not afraid to throw out suggestions. Very knowledgeable about the kitchen and bar. My mom and I had a couple of fruity bitch margaritas and my manfriend tried a different tequilla, Frida Kahlo (gold) on the rocks. Which, if there were such a thing as a sipping tequilla, that would be it. It was so smooth, "Yummy," as our server described it. The chips y salsa is really good, too. They serve blue corn tortilla chips with three salsas. A smokey salsa, a sweet red salsa, and a green salsa. Agave used to be a hip afterhours place. Not so much anymore, I guess, but I'd like to resurrect it as my afterhours place.
1	If anyone follows our reviews, we like video poker and I like my beer. And once again I was charged for my beer after I brought my family to play. We had 5 people there and probably put in $300 total. Most everyone was drinking water, my beer, and one mixed drink. The bartender said he would get the manager but it wasn't worth the aggravation so we paid and walked out with no tip. They also asked if we wanted nachos. Usually they come free at any mexican restaurant but not here. We also ate there once before and the food was really greasy. They must use alot of oil for their fajitas and onions. I thought mexican food was all the same but this place can make it bad.
5	When in Summerlin, check this place out! Its my all time favorite Mexican restaurant - very consistent, awesome staff, even better environment inside & out - great selection of tequila too!
4	Wow, I can't believe it took me this long to try Agave. I will definitely be back again soon. Here's the rundown.The building looks a little out of place with it's eccentric architecture in the middle of a bundle of chain restaurants. However, once you step inside I felt like I had been transported to another place.  We chose to dine outside and even though the parking lot and busy road were on the other side of the wall, we didn't notice. There is a lot of outdoor greenery, a waterfall, and at least two fireplaces.  Very cozy benches and chairs for outside dining also.On to the food: some of the best salsa I've had in a long time. 3 different types come with the free nachos. The guacamole was pretty good, but I could pass on it next time as it was pretty filling.Blue Corn Crab cake: Outstanding! Again one of the best crab cakes I've had in a long time also. Quite tasty and the perfect sized portion.The cocktails were good as well - not too strong but went down well in the warm, outside air. I need to try the tequila flight next time...Entrees: Taco sampler: GREAT. Crispy, soft taco shells (I know right??! But yes crispy AND soft!). Also had the Tampiquena Style steak: tasty but a little over seasoned (too salty?). Would pass on the steak next time and get more tacos or another dish.We were much too full for dessert but there were some tempting options.  Service was a tad slow and not as attentive as I'd like but I've also come to unfortunately expect that in Vegas when there are few other diners outside. The shaded area outside is misleadingly cooler than I expected, likely prompting the other diners to stay inside who wish to avoid the Vegas heat.Our server did tell us about their great sounding Happy Hour: 4-6:30pm and 10pm - closing every day: 25 cent tacos and $1 mini Coronas.  (can you say bucket of beer?)I'm confused as to why Agave isn't one of the more hopping late night spots in Summerlin (maybe it is but word of mouth is slow??) since it's got a great atmosphere, decent bar area, great outdoor dining, and the solid happy hour. I'd much rather hang here than some spots at say Boca Park that always seem to be bustling.The best part about Agave? VALUE. The prices were reasonable.I'll be back.
4	I don't go here for late night or the bar/gaming experience.We take our child and find this restaurant fun and family friendly (there are almost always a few other families with kids there).The food is great, the chips and salsas are delish and burritos are a notch above.  We've tried different things and have had no complaints, the flavors linger in your mouth and you can taste the difference in the high quality ingredients.
4	My mother-in-law and I tried their tequila sampler here when my in-laws were in town. While my father-in-law couldn't drink that night, he enjoyed the food immensely, which means a lot as he's a very talented chef.While my wife and I have visited a few times for drinks, we've only eaten here a couple times. The last time we were here, we noticed that the portions seemed to be getting smaller. However, the tequila sampler is the way to go as you can get the equivalent of three shots for less than what three shots will cost you.
4	Friendly Staff, huge portions, Nontraditional "3.5 Star" Mexican FoodDrink Strength, Dessert, and Service gave them the extra half star.I understand how someone could have a bad experience here.  When the tortilla chips and salsa's were delivered to the table they looked lovely, but lacked in flavor, texture, and were watery. Their blue corn tortilla chips were excellent but they only made up 10% of the chips in the basket, and the corn tortilla chips did not compare. Waiting and snacking on this appetizer doesn't put you in the right frame of mind - thinking that the rest of the food will be great.   Two limes, some salt, and a bottle of cholula sauce later,    our Main dishes arrived and these seasonings saved the day.  We started with the Potato Portobello Mushroom tacos.  The tacos were in theory a great idea, my Uncle loved them, but all I could taste was potato.  The flavor had a lot more potential.  They could easily be improved by cutting the Portobello thicker, and marinating the mushrooms before they're cooked.  Perhaps grilling some white onions cut long and thin would enhance the flavor profile too.On the upside the Margaritas were pretty big, and reasonably priced for their size.  :-) This makes most Yelpers very happy. Well done Agave.Our second dish that arrived was the Filet Mignon Steak Fajitas.  Priced at $16 this dish is incredible; the quality of the meat alone and the amount included warranted a much higher price. Rice, beans, and  fresh tortillas (the tortillas were delicious), definitely helped. These guys do not over season and I doubt they add salt.  So you're probably going to want to ask ahead of time for lime, something spicy, and some salt.  After I doctored up the Fajitas they were delicious.  They had potential, but didn't  quite live up to it.In theory this restaurant is awesome.  Huge high ceilings, spacious booths, long wrap around bar, nice staff, fair prices, and all around plenty of parking in the shopping center they are in.  Really enjoyed our meal here.  I really wanted to give them a fourth star, but the flavors here just fell a little short. Now that's not to say that I wouldn't be back.  I will definitely come here again when I'm in the mood for Steak Fajitas.Unreal Dessert.  5 Stars for their Coconut & Espresso Flan.  3 Stars overall for food.5 Stars for portion Size.Date Rating: 7Pick up Scale: 1Strong Suggestion: Ask for hot sauce, lime, and salt.  Definitely helpful.
5	We didn't plan on dining at Agave, but a bellman in a hotel recommended it and we decided to give it a try. It was a fantastic find for lunch. The rock shrimp chile relleno was out of this world tasty as were the chicken tinga tacos. The salsa trio delivered to the table with the chips were also quite delicious. Service was friendly and prompt. The outdoor patio was quite nice on a sunny February day. All in all, this is a restaurant we would return to on a future trip to Vegas.
2	Okay, I've had two experiences here both different.  The first was excellent.  Awesome service, good food, delicious margaritas.The second time I brought some out of town friends and it failed to impress.  Service was lackluster, the food was okay so I guess I should just stick to what I had the first visit if I go back.
2	Decided to try Agave for lunch one day as I was in the area and had heard good things about it.I ordered carne asada/steak tacos.  The steak was very tough/chewy and fatty - very low quality meat, and not well prepared.  Very hard to eat and left much of the meal untouched.  Service was also unmemorable, as wait staff did not check on why the meal was half eaten to inquire if there was an issue.Was expecting much better and was disappointed, particularly as this place is presented as contemporary and a higher end option.  Food and service quality just were not there.  Better options exist for quality and well prepared mexican cuisine in the valley.
5	Hands down FIVE STARS!I'm so in love with this place. Everything was perfect.I came here with my boyfriend on Thursday morning. We got there ten minutes early so we waited for the doors to open. Lucky us, we were the first customers!Service:Normally I'm used to people being a little cranky or annoyed when customers show up when the place just opens since they're not fully ready yet, but it wasn't like that all all here. I mean, except for the hostess. She wasn't mean or anything but I did detect a little attitude and she didn't see all that friendly. She asked my boyfriend for his name, which I didn't understand at all. There was no one else even coming in the restaurant and it's not like she looked for a reservation so I thought that was weird. Our server was awesome though! I don't have a single complaint about him at all. He was totally on top of everything. Once he sat us he took our drink orders, suggested the guacamole then brought us our freshly made appetizer once it was done and the drinks. Then took our order and brought it right away. He always kept checking up on us too even though he got more customers. I notice that a lot of servers tend to stop checking up on you if they get more customers because they're just soo busy, but he didn't at all, he was always making sure we had everything we need and always made sure our cups and the basket of chips were filled. If we weren't so full we would've ordered the churros he suggested because, as my boyfriend described,  they sounded very enticing !Food:My coffee was freshly brewed and they put a hint of cinnamon in it which I thought I wouldn't like, but it turned out to be sooo good! The guacamole was out of this world! So fresh, so chunky, and ooh so yummy! Definitely the best guac I have had in a very long time. The chips also came with 3 different salsas which were mild medium and hot. You could definitely tell the levels and different tastes of each one which is seldom in a lot of restaurants. We ordered the tacos since it's the only thing on the menu that says it comes with rice and beans which is what we wanted. The tacos were freakin' BOMB! Omg they were so good! The carne asada was very tender and juicy and the sweet/spicy sauce was killer! The chicken tinga tacos were even better! They seriously took me to heaven, mmmm. The portions were perfect. I'm so used to going to Mexican restaurants and having them just fill the plate with their watery refried beans and and soggy rice, but this place totally didn't do that. It's like they pre measured my waist and figured out what portion would be just right. I looved it. I didn't walk out with my pants all unbuttoned and my stomach all bloated. The food was just awesome, I can't wait to try the churros and another plate! Ambiance:The interior of this place was so cool! It's like i got socked in the face and saw little stars floating around me and everything in different colors. It was seriously so nice. I loved it! My boyfriend and I even want to decorate one of the rooms in our house like that in the future. The way that the booths were set up were so you could see the whole restaurant around you, soo nice! Next time I definitely want to sit outdoors at night, I saw that they had fireplaces! It must be really nice to come here at night because the ambiance is so beautiful. I can't wait to come here again :D
2	I waited till my third visit to write a review on Agave.   Going to Agave is probably like dating a ditzy supermodel:Looks fantastic.    Gorgeous! inside and out, day or night.  This spot tricks you into thinking you are not in Vegas...and the patio is cute, cute, cute!Very sweet.     Yummy desserts and margs (cucumber cilantro gets my vote).Embarassingly slow.  All three visits. This last time, we sat at 6, food arrived at 7:14.  Seriously?Lacks substance.     Entrees are just ok, def NOT worth the pricing.  White corn chips are horrid (stick to the blue ones). Agave is a great spot to take someone for a drink (you will score bonus points), but eat somewhere else.
3	The location is great, but the food is just OK. But the place looks nice.
3	Nice lively atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating. We received good service. The food was acceptable, though not particularly memorable. I'll return to try and find their good dishes.
5	I've eaten here twice and def will return.  We usually get a pitcher of martgarita on the rocks which hits the spot.  I would then recommend the fajitas, steak or shrimp, both are fantastic with tons of meat and peppers.  The service is good and the environment is cool.  Would recommend.  A little pricey though so make it a good occasion !
3	I had really HIGH hopes for here.  I'd read in a few locals magazines how outstanding they were.  So after finding a huge line at BJ we decided to bag it and headed across the parking lot to Agave.  No line on a Saturday night on a holiday weekend should have been a clue.  We were seated immediately. Our waiter appeared to take our drink order.  We never got the obligatory chips or water even though we asked for it.  there were maybe 5 tables total in the area we were in and I guess the baseball recap of the Mets v Nationals was much more important than customers.  Our drinks came out of 2 only 1 was correct so that's a 50% or 2.5 stars.  We ordered appetizers & dinner.  Our appetizers came out and within 5 minutes our food also came out. While I thought the whole purpose for appetizers was to savor them then have the meal.  I did want another margarita but the waiter seemed to have disappeared.  Finally we flagged him down and asked for to-go boxes & a bag along with the check.  2 appetizers & 1 order of tacos, 2 cocktails $60.00.  We had the tacos this morning for breakfast..not to bad.  had the packed up quesodilla for dinner..again not to bad.  I wish someone could come up with a concept that marries cool atmosphere with good food & service.  I still think our little hole in the wall, while not so chic, still has the best Mex in town.
3	Ok, I give the place three stars fairly reluctantly, but there just seems to be too much holding back what imo could be a five star slam dunk. If we could give half stars 2.5 for sure.Ambiance: The decor is awesome.  The place is well lit, the walls are brightly colored, the space is very open, and the patios are excellent.Happy Hour: I would really rather pay normal price than have those broke tacos.   The tacos are two small tortillas, a little bit of meat, and some onions. Both times the tacos were not even warmed up.  Service: Once again, on and off.  While it's not the waiters fault per se`, we've had an hour wait for the food there more than once. One time we didn't get chips/water until the appetizers came, other times immediately. When it was immediate, there were much more people in there, so I cannot blame it on coming at a busy time.Food: Flavors tend to be kind of bland and it's not too adventurous a menu. The Salsa variety is very good though. It is a little pricey for what you get,,, but you probably won't find anything you don't like...However, I've probably been there more than nearly every Mexican restaurant in town. Like an old flame you can't quite shake, even when you know there's better ones for you.  I give three stars for the environment because it is a fun place to be in and the food is always serviceable if not spectacular.
5	Queso Fundido is the best.  Plus the Cadillac margarita is very smooth with a good taste.
3	Agave is super fun. Gorgeous decor, great patio, fabulous margaritas and yummy chips and salsa. The service and food are sub-par in my opinion, especially compared to the other awesome Mexican restaurants in the area, but it is still a fun place to go for drinks and a good time, especially when the weather is nice and you can enjoy the patio with fire places!
2	Agave-how I wish it weren't so:1. Terrible service- no hostess when we arrived. No utensils when we received our food. No server to take our payment. Everything was just slow. I'm wasn't in a hurry, but having to wait for everything makes any average person a little anxious.2. Food- Crispy quesadillas - chicken and corn versions: nice corn masa shell but bland fillings. Then we had the fresh fish tacos. They were soggy and a mess. The fish had an old fishy flavor and I couldn't get past it. If I'm able to eat fish sauce like it's ketchup, I think I have a pretty good tolerance of seafood/ocean taste.3. Ambience- surprisingly nice. From the exterior, I wouldn't never have thought it was that well put-together in the interior. It was a great blend of the colors, the lighting and a Large center bar. But I'm here for food first and thought did not impress.
3	Good spot for a fun fancy date night! Or  good spot to have premium tequilas with friends. They have a crazy happy hour which is from 4:02pm - 6:37 and after 10pm for $2 tacos, $2 modelo beers and $5 100% blue agave margaritas. Thats a effin deal right there!As for my visit there...I was taking my boyfriend out for an early birthday dinner and the place was amazing inside. They has brightly colored walls of magenta and a squah orange color and had star lantens hanging from the ceilings. Impressive, I thought, but our server was mostly M.I.A. the entire night and we had to flag him down every time we passed him. I had the chilie verde soup, which was to die for. The combination of spice and tangy flavors was perfect. I also ordered the talapia with pesto rice, which was just ok. I though that the talapia could have had a little more seasoning or flavor to it. As for my boyfriend, he ordered a combination plate of tacos: fish, rock shrimp, and potato.  He's mexican so he's extremely picky about his tacos and the only thing that killed it for him was the coleslaw that came on all the tacos. But when he took the slaw off the tacos, he was satisfied.  The experience could have been better with a bit more attentive service, but their happy hour seems like a deal, so I gotta check it out again.
4	Great Mexican food, but the strongest margaritas you will ever have in your life. Apparently, the staff takes the leftover lime juice/tequila mix from the night before and adds it to the next day's batch of drinks. Therefore, letting the tequila intensify in flavor overnight and yielding a much, much stronger drink the next day.
4	The salsa is really good. I liked mixing the tomatillo (medium) with the hot salsa on the chip. Gives it a smokey, sweet flavor.For my entree I had the Pescado Verde. Very flavorful fish dish. I highly recommend eating on the patio. There are fire pits, water features and fun Mexican decorations.  Very secluded with plenty of shade.
5	When I lived in Summerlin/Las Vegas this is where you would find me...out on the patio with friends, some icy Negra Modelos and margaritas and any of the items off the menu.I have never had a bad meal or experience here - don't understand what some of these reviews are about.After dark it gets great, with the firepits lit up out on the patio...a great way to wallow away the evening listening to some Alejandro Sanz, Laura Pausini, or whatever else they're playing on the sound system.Attitude is A+, Service A+, Food A+, all beverages A+
4	Happy hour Margaritas from 10:00 pm till close, plus late night menu at prices that won't leave you broke at the end of the night. Check out the Monday night football specials, all the tacos and Modello you can have during the game for $19.95.
2	Warning: Avoid the black tortilla chips!!!We went here for the happy hour and the proximity to my house. While I found the $5 house margaritas not very cheap for a happy hour, my friends and I ordered a round anyway. The coolest part about the drink was the glass it came in. One friend found the taste sweet, while I found them average. I ordered the Blue Chicken Enchilada. All in all the food tasted decent. My problem with Agave came the next morning. This is no joke, my stool for the day was bright green. At first I thought I was having a medical emergency. Then my friend, who also ate there, said he had the same thing. We both had green poo from eating at Agave. We contributed it to the die in the black tortilla chips they serve. So if you go here, avoid the black chips.
3	I'd give this place 2.5 stars if possible because everything is average.  the food, the drinks, the service.  With that being said, I used the groupon so I still felt like I got a good deal, but I don't think I'd go back unless I had another great coupon or a friend REALLY wanted to go.
1	Once again, this place sucks. Food is greasy and the bar was a mess. Doesn't anyone clean? I guess they make it feel like you're really in Mexico.  And I was playing max bets and still got charged for the 2nd beer. This happened before so I just quit playing. No wonder there were few people playing the games. My wife won some good money and I made sure she didn't leave a tip. What goes around comes around. They had a special thing going on for mexico's 200th anniversary. Drink specials in a plastic cup and beers for $5. Wow! They really know how to treat the locals right.
1	I need a new favorite mexican restaurant, everyone goes off about agave....I was soo dissapointed. First off the atmosphere was cool and the staff seemed nice. After we sat it all went down. The Guy took like 15 min getting our drinks, we ordered a burrito to split and an appitizer of guacamole.we got no chips...what kinda Mexican place doesn't serve chips before a meal? We finally got our burrito with no extra plate...the plate was so tiny we Made a mess..then after weweredone theybrought our guacamole..with no chips....how do we eat it with no chips? They did take it off the black, but didn't refill our drinks at all the whole meal and we had to get up to pay cause our waiter never came back.....and the food....nothing even that good...the red sauce tasted Like pizza sauce....ewww...ill never go back....sigh back to looking for a good Mexican restaurant. ...agave...booooooo
2	While the atmosphere is nice and the decor is comprised of stuff I'd like to see in my own home, the food is greatly over rated (and over priced) here. The enchiladas were sub-par and the tacos "were the worst I'd ever had" according to my boyfriend's review of the pork tacos (and he's a man who knows his pork tacos). For about $17 (including tip) you can get one margarita (I've had better) and somewhat crappy Mexican food. Ouch. I will say their appetizer size spare rib Chile taquitos were alright, but they were not a full meal nor were they worth the nine dollars we spent on them. Wonderful, attentive service though so bravo to the staff!
3	I had been to Agave before with work and had appetizers, which I remember being quite yummy, especially the ceviche and sangria!So, I decided to take my husband since he was craving Mexican and it was Saturday night & all.  Chips were good, like stone ground white and black, they give you 3 salsas which is fun.  Guacamole was different but good, they mix a lot more tomato almost like a chunky pico de gallo salsa with the guac.  A little expenise and good portion (kinda of a waste for 2 people) but that is at every mexican resturant.  We both had taco platters. I had the rock shrimp ones with a yummy coleslaw type.  He had the sampler.  The carne asada ones have a spicy adobe type salsa if you like spicy.  The carnitas one he enjoyed too.  Their rice is a little bland, but still okay and their pinto beans are tasty, they have a smoky flavor.  Overall, there food is good.  The atmosphere is really nice inside more than anything.  I was surprised it was not more crowded though.  Prices are reasonable for what you get... so many of these mexican places, another favorite (Lindo Michiocans) are just as pricey, so it is comparable.
1	So I was coming here once a month or so maybe more, however after Happy Hour Disaster I will not be back.  I went to Happy Hour and asked if they could do a veggie taco instead of a meat one.  They seriously delivered a tortilla with peppers in it.  Thats it! No cheese, salsa, sour cream just some sorry peppers.  Then boy wonder manager starts telling me the about the bulk price of meat.  Really Timberlake knock off you think I care?  If you dont do veggie taco then dont do them.  Maybe a mea culpa would be, we dont do veggie tacos but let me take 2 bucks off the potato tacos we actually make.  Say goodbye to my 140 dollars a month, too bad because I like your food. I always recommend Agave to hungry rock climbers as it is close to Red Rock, but no more.
3	Ask for more tortillas.....
4	I had a wonderful experience here with my dad, we were returning from one of his random excursions from the Red Rock Canyon, on one of our random trips to Las Vegas.  Our overall experience was a delightful one.  How we came upon it was by chance, we spent most of the day climbing (read: getting lost) around the canyon, and driving the roads surrounding the Red Rock, mind you, on a pratically empty tank of gas.I related to my father the concern of entirely running out of gas and having to make our way back to civilization on foot.  A prospect he wasn't worried with, being that he had survived escaping from the Khmer Rouge, running from Cambodia down to Thailand, by himself, with a bag of rice and three gernades (his words, not mine!).  That story will be for another time when I yelp about some of the riverside restaurants in Cambodia's countryside.So back to the review.  I forget what we had, it was Mexican, there was fish, tacos, and tortillas-like things that we devoured being that we were starving (read: I was starving).  All I can fully remember was the sweet, sinful, and down right obscenely delicious FRIED ICE CREAM.  Yes, FRIED ICE CREAM.  Not fried ice cream, oh no, all capital letters is all I can do to relate how it was all of the above.  I think I cried a little when I finished it...knowing I could not bring any home with me because it would be soggy and melted by the time we had to leave.  Soggy like my dreams of becoming a millionare off of penny slots.  At least, I was able to taste a bit of the dream in a delicious dessert...all fried ice cream...I think I'm gonna go cry now...
3	It had been 3 years since our last visit so I was looking forward in anticipation of a good Tex-Mex meal at this upscale restaurant.  We started off with complimentary blue and corn tortilla chips plus a pair of tasty salsas and a mediocre bean dip.  Our entrees were shrimp and crab stacked enchiladas - Dungeness crab with Mexican white shrimp, sweet corn-guajillo chile enchilada sauce and micro-greens.  The enchiladas were very good, but a bit overpriced.  I used a Groupon certificate.
4	I like Agave a lot. Semi-Authentic Mexican food, mostly with a twist.It's a Chargers bar, so we watch games here on occasion. They are usually running specials on Modelo, Margaritas and tacos.We've won the raffle they do at the end of the game 3 times now!We'll be back next season. Go Chargers!
3	This was my first visit to Agave.  I agree with several of the posters who rate this as average food and over-priced.  I do like the building, both inside and out.  We did have good service.  We also were there in the late afternoon when there were few other people there.I had the Steak "Alambre" style.  It was a tasty dish that could have used some more heat.  My wife had the Mayan Chicken Tamales.  She liked them but thought they were spicy hot (they weren't) and she thought there was no chicken filing until deep down (there was but it was bland and you couldn't distinguish it from the masa).When I checked my email later, I received one from Open Table saying that Agave had cancelled my reservation.  I don't know why, but that means no open table points.I'm not anxious to return to Agave when there are so many other good Tex/Mex places around this town.
1	A friend and I entered this restaurant, it has beautiful authentic Mexican American decor... The bar is decent looking - nothing to brag about... We were seated immediately... The place was empty, but it was 3pm on a weekday, so we thought nothing of it... Our waitress greeted us w/ tortilla chips that were cold and hard as a brick... Still didn't think much of it... you would think that they would be fresh and warm... but they weren't... We ordered our drinks... I had tea w/ honey and lemon, my friend had a original mojito... Very simple drinks right? Well not for this establishment the lemons that they gave me were sour and after I asked for more lemons she brought our more sour lemons. His mojito was the worst I had ever had... The lime that they decorated the glass w/ was dry and sour the mint used in the drink was either poor quality or used before... It taste like tonic water... It was so bad that it couldn't be finished... Our entrees were a different story the carne asada burrito that he  ordered was huge and he seemed to enjoy it... I only the other hand ordered a crispy chicken taco - only thing you could taste was the cheese and salsa on the taco -  the chicken taste like nothing - a cheese enchilada w/ green sauce - which was decent and a chicken tamale - it was the worst tamale  I have eve had in my life the red sauce was sweet, the masa they used was so dry and the chicken taste like nothing - it was awful... I was so disappointed... Would of been better to go to a small authentic Mexican restaurant and would of paid half of what we paid...
1	We have been several times and are yet to have a good experience. Service is bad especially at the bar and food is average at best. It is near our house and we keep going back hoping for a good experience.
1	Extremely poor service. Tried to charge us for dinner prices during lunch. Didn't apologize wen we had to point out the error. Pretty restaurant but that's it. Won't return.
4	Was here recently to meet up with some friends.  The weather was great, so we ate on the patio.  The heat lamps and fire pits were on, so the slight chill didn't bother us too much.We had the Chicken Quesadilla and Duck Quesadilla....both were simply amazing!  Of course, we ate too much Chips and Salsa (complimentary).....but who doesn't?  We topped it off with several rounds of Pacifico.Overall, it was a great experience.....the service was awesome.  I highly recommend the patio area during the warmer months.Return Factor - 90%
1	I have never paid more than $80 for Mexican food in my life.  This place was very expensive and the food was decent.  I posted pictures for you to see.  My favorite thing was the Civiche.  They did make strong Margarita's.  The average meal price was $12-18.  My Cheese Enchiladas were $13.00!The one thing Agave has going for them is their ambiance and patio.  The patio has 4 fire places and the option to sit at the fireplaces (couches) or tables.  The service is less than average.  We waited for a host to show up to seat us for 5 minutes.  The server continually forgot to check on us and we had to ask twice for waters.  And when we asked when he recommends he said "everything."  I wanted to get up and leave right when he said that.I will not be returning.
2	This place used to be bomb. You can tell they are cutting corners now. They took off their best appetizer queso fundido, service was slow, no longer 24hours, and they barely comp drinks for players,got hasseled everytime I ordered a.drink and I was playing maMuch better options in town, no point of wasting time or money herex credits and fast. there are much better options in town, no point of wasting money or time here
2	i enjoyed the food to a small degree, some parts were amazing and others were not very appetizing.  The service was absolutely not great.  That was the absolute problem with this establishment.  The waiter was incredibly rude and condescending.  I was not happy with that and our table and him almost got in an argument with him.  The prices were also extremely high.  It wasn't worth what we paid.
2	It's hard to find a truly good Mexican food restaurant in Vegas, being Mexican and having tasted true Mexican food might set my standards a bit too high but I believe this is another example of a restaurant that just can't get Mexican food right. I've been here twice and the food ranged from extremely disappointing to mediocre. I tried the fajitas and the shrimp burrito the first visit there. The fajitas were nothing special and the shrimp burrito, which was very large, only had four shrimp in it. Four shrimp in what looked like a pound and a half sized burrito! I shouldn't have to start an expedition into the burrito to find the illusive shrimp. This just won't cut it, I was basically eating a bad salad wrapped in a tortilla trying to pass off as a burrito. My second visit I had learned my lesson and stayed away from the food. My friend, not heeding my words, decided to order some tacos. And of course the end result was...... bland tacos. The tacos at Del Taco are more flavorful.Not all is bad at Agave though. Good atmosphere, friendly staff, and good drinks. They also have the largest selection of tequila I've seen and surprisingly good chips and salsa. At least they got something right. All this doesn't make the food taste better though so I can only recommend this as a place to get some drinks and eat some chips for the tequila enthusiast.
4	Tequilla shots, slots and friends ..good salsa, really hot.
4	We were there for their Cinco De Mayo event.Music - the band wasn't very talented, but they played awesome songs!Food - we had their tacos, which were $3 each - coming from San Diego, the tacos at Agave weren't the best considering the price, but they weren't bad either.Drink - holy crap. the margaritas were seriously strong. totally worth $5!What amazed me the most was the operation.  They sold one dollar "tickets" at either end of the venue which you can pay with either cash or cards, AND they had an ATM machine right there, which completely eliminated the "barrier of entry" for people.  It was so easy to get drinks/food, hassle free and quick.  Lesson here for businesses - make it easy for people to spend money!!Over all, it was a very enjoyable experience.
1	Happy hour? Not so much. A whole lotta No's:- At 4:30: No hostess. We waited at the hostess stand for five minutes. No one showed up to help us. She was MIA. You're on your own.- To the bartender: "Can we sit outside the bar?" "No, not for happy hour." Um, ok. (It was deserted, btw).- No happy hour menus, got the audible version from bartender.- No taco cart, as advertised. - No napkins-silverware. Waitress dropped off the food and walked away. Get the utensils yourself.- Happy hour margarita? Blended. Couldn't detect the alcohol. Go for on the rocks instead.- Out of the 3 tacos-types, all had the pork so gristly, I was pulling unchewable chunks out of mouth. That's up there with finding hair in my food. Gak. Only the duck quesadilla was outstanding, but not so much so as to redeem this place and make me want to put up with this whole ridulous experience ever again. They must have just opened yeasterday. Oh wait, no they didn't.Seriously? Jeeze, guys.
2	very very let down. service was super slow and food was garbage. I got the duck quesadilla thinking it was going to be great because of the reviews and everything but I was sadly mistaken. Perhaps I should have gotten the crispy quesadilla instead of the large soft one and there is where I went wrong. But in any case, the soft one is cut up and served covered in sauce and salad. So you have to eat it with a knife and fork. I am guessing my order was done and sitting for a while in the kitchen while they were finishing the other plates because it was super super soggy and had absolutely no other texture. It was super salty and very one-note. So maybe I was supposed to order the crispy small quesadilla or maybe this was a fluke on their part but I am not going back because of it.
1	I came here with my family back in August, and coming nearly fresh back from a multiple-month stay in Mexico City, my standards were high.My blue corn chicken enchilada was made with dyed white corn!! Blue food coloring, instead of authentic, more expensive, blue cornmeal! I won't get into the bodily functions that made me realize this the next day, but suffice to say this was the ultimate insult, and an outright lie on the menu.That said, the waiter was friendly, they had Dos Equis Amber on tap, which is a plus, and the decor was Mexican themed, yet modern and chill. Based on first impressions, they were doing a good job.However, the food here is extremely average, and slightly overpriced.
4	This restaurant was also featured on food network so I gave it a shot.  Great flavors and creative menu choices.  I liked this place a lot.
5	I have been to this place twice with my coworkers. They have a really good lunch menu for $9.99 plus tax. You can order an appetizer and an entree or an entree and desert. I really enjoyed this place and want to try there happy hour one of these days.
3	For Mexican food, it was oddly sweet. I had the beef enchiladas and the red sauce was very sweet. I like my Mexican food with a little more bite! Their margaritas, however, are delicious.
2	I have eaten here before and had the crispy shrimp tacos and loved them but...This review is for Happy Hour only.The place is beautiful both inside and out. Free chips and salsa is always nice, the salsa was okay, nothing special.They have 4 different tacos (chicken, beef, pork, and lamb) to choose from for 2$ each. $5 Blue Agave Margaritas and $2 Modelo beer. The margarita was good, probably a tad on the weak side but I still liked it. I  got a beef and a chicken taco. I love that they make their own tortillas, but thats as far as I can say I loved. They were both very different, but they also had so much going on, with the sauces they use. A friend got the lamb and she is from Mexico and said it was spicy.The worst part of the night was our service (Rob), unattentive, if you didn't flag him down, he wouldn't even look your way to see if you needed anything. They forgot about my tacos, everyone else had eaten and I was still waiting. At the end we were trying to figure out how much each of us owed, and we asked him how much do they charge for a soda...he looked at us like we just asked him the meaning of life...he ran away. We guesstamated as to not frazzle him anymore. I didn't think it was that busy.
4	I'm a fan of this place simply because I love the decor, dishes, and plates.. I'm bummed that I've never actually eatin an entre here and ususally stick to the Appetizers. In the past I've had the Chicken Quesadilla, which was delicious and Ceviche which was, sadly, a disappointment absolutely no flavor and too much tomato. Their MARGARITAS on the rocks are no too bad though :) plus they come in a cool glass ;) Happy Hour:  Weekdays from 3:30-6:56 (or something weird like that) and then again starting at 10pm- $2 beers/$2 tacos/ $5 Margaritas
4	Went to agave for happy hour which starts at 4 pm. As expected from a Mexican restaurant we were served chips and salsa to start.salsas were a little to the sweet side as so was the rest of the food. 5 dollars  Margaritas during happy hour are very good! Just don't be in a hurry to get there. I got there 2 minutes before 4 pm which excluded me from happy hour prices. I was also told that my booth didn't  Qualify for happy hour. Only the tables around the bar which were three feet away from me. Ok, you got me..I paid full price and learned their happy hour rules. My rule is...I want to be happy during happy hour!
4	My initial impression walking into Agave was a little skeptical. I had read a few reviews about this place and wasn't really sure what to expect upon arrival. The hostess was a little strange and seemed slightly aloof since she wasn't sure if we could sit out at the patio. Thankfully we found the bar quickly and immediately made it our base. The happy hour was our initial interest in coming here since we heard great things about the tacos and margaritas. An odd time frame for the happy hour but still interesting and amusing, the happy hour starts at 4:02 till 6:37 and after 10 pm daily. We sat down at big comfy swivel bar stools that served well in aiding to our experience. The ambiance in the whole restaurant is very eclectic and I wasn't really sure the exact theme of the place since the decor ranged from bright pink walls adorned with stained glass windows to high birch wood ceilings with great light fixtures that included Moroccan style star lanterns and large multiple pronged rustic chandeliers. The bar itself is the focal point of the entire restaurant. Smack dab in the middle this giant wrap around bar with 6 flat screens and every exotic tequila imaginable; including a bottle of Patron that goes for 65 bucks a shot! Finally on to the good stuff! Jointly we ordered every happy hour taco available. We tried 1 al pastor, 1 lamb, 3 chicken, and 9 carnitas tacos. As you can tell we fancied the carnitas tacos and for good reason too. Dripping with juices these tacos were garnished with freshly prepared cactus body salsa. This place has all the right ingredients for a 5 star restaurant. The only reason I'm holding back on the 5th star is because of their margaritas which I thought were a little too sour and not strong enough which might only reflect the skill of the bar tender. Lastly, I had a few words with the manager about the restaurant and the progress and current state of the place. He told me there were many improvements in store for this place. I'll definitely be back to check Agave out in the next few weeks. This is an excellent place to investigate, make sure you catch the happy hour!
1	I don't know where to start, this the most crappiest Mex-American food.  Damn chipotle crazy infused food.  Sweet and not even hot.  I hate when Mexican food is mixed with something else I call it pretty Mexican food.  Like for example from this place why damn why would you put lettuce in a Mexican shrimp cocktail and damn freeze dried banana chip inside.  All chip salsas where more sweet than hot.  Gucamole DAMN!!! My wife who is Persian said what kind of gucamole is this lumps of avocado lazy cut up onion,cilantro and on top chipotle crap.  She called it lazy gucamole.  Damn damn damn what crap.  Service is friendly so that's why I give you guys one star.  I won't be back well maybe for cinco de mayo  celebrations that was decent.  Well I know why all beer no real food being served.  Damn!
4	When we had the urge to have good Mexican food, but didn't want the greasy (yet SO yummy) kind from Roberto's Taco Shop, we would come to this place.  The decor is very pink, yet exotic and the food in DELICIOUS!  The chips and salsas (they provide three different salsas - verde, regular and spicy) are really good - so good that one day, we were craving JUST the chips and salsa, so we came to this restaurant for some drinks and chips and salsa.  Who does that?  :-P  The tacos are excellent, whether we ordered the carne asada, al pastor, rock shrimp, or carnitas.  I had goat tacos one time, but it looks like they don't have it on the menu anymore.  The rice is your typical Mexican red rice, which can sometimes be dry, but for the most part, it's really good!  Their Mango Margarita is definitely on point - love it!The prices are not that cheap, but during happy hour or after 10pm, you can get really good deals, like $2 tacos!  Great deal for bad nights on the slot machines from the Red Rock Casino across the street!
4	I had used a Groupon that I bought and had always wanted to try this place and when I saw a Groupon I bought it. I will say this was such a great experience. The food was amazing, much better than I expected, best I have had for gourmet Mexican. We had the Rib Taquitos for appetizer and they were great, I wish I had some right now. My boyfriend and I ordered to meals to split, the Filet Minion fajitas (to die for) and the Chicken Blue Corn Enchiladas (so delicious). I also like the 3 different salsa dips they first start you off with and tortillas. The service at first was great, it did get a little busy and our server was busy and forgot to check in on us but when we got our food the enchiladas were lukewam warm so when we asked for them to be heated they came right out and said they are making a new dish for us. When we go the dish, hot and amazing, the temperature of the food made all the difference and I am glad I asked for them to be heated because I would have rated the dish at a 3 out of 5 and now I rate 5 out of 5. I love the ambiance of the place, modern and the circle dining is inviting. The outside seating is comfortable and cozy. Overall both my boyfriend and I will be back when we crave Mexican, just went 3 days ago and could go again now. I highly recommend trying this place.
5	This place was a great experience. We bought a groupon to eat here and stopped before we went to the Red Rock Casino. This is a classy place. Wonderful ambiance and decor. Our server was really nice and helpful with menu suggestions. The tequila list is great and there is a lot to choose from. The margaritas are good and so is the food!  I recommend this place.
4	Very good flavors including some of the best chips and salsa.  Service was excellent.  Prices are somewhat high for Mexican.Wayne Gorsek
1	We haven't been here I a couple of years because it was terrible the last time. It hasn't changed. The chips were ok, salsa is fantastic. I ordered a margarita and it tasted good. For that one tiny sip in the glass. It was so packed with ice there was nothing in the glass. I had Tacos pastor. The pork was dry and the tortillas ice cold and dried out. Husband had a quesadilla because he didn't like the menu. It was supposed to have corn of which there was none. He is a glutton and only ate one piece. It came laying on a mound of potato salad???  If he doesn't eat something there is really A problem. We both feel gross from eating food that was gross. Never, never again. Husband says decor and salsa rate them a star. Oh and even worse we got seated in an area packed with kids. They were screaming and throwing stuff, standing in chairs. What happened to babysitters?
4	Great food! love there churro ice cream dessert , mojitos are delicious and there chips and salsa hit the spot , i rarely eat mexican food so i havent tried there food , i usually go in for dessert and coffee =]
4	I'm always happy when chips and salsa are brought before me.  And I become giddy with excitement when there are three salsas in front of my face.  Bonus points for Agave's salsa trio..The chips and salsa here are yummy, but there's nothing exciting about the guacamole.  Certainly not worth $9.  My husband ordered the potato  and portabello tacos and although they are terribly messy we both enjoyed them.  I ordered the vegetable chile relleno and it was super awesome.  Definitely not a fried, cheesy relleno like you get most places... but more like a stuffed pepper.  Full of veggies and tortilla strips and even cactus...?  I dunno, but I was in love.I love the atmosphere of Agave and it's a great place for either a romantic date or hanging out with a group of friends.  Right across the street from Red Rock Casino.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat.  Excellent food; fantastic decor.  I especially like to have dinner out on the patio.  I generally bring every out-of-town guest to eat here.
4	Super fresh. Amazing every time. But I save my visits for special occasions because it is too pricey. Only down side. :(
5	A groupon brought us in and I'm SO glad it did!!! We started out with a pitcher of the house margaritas and carne asada nachos. The margaritas were so good and the nachos were to die for. For our entree we shared a taco sampler with a fish taco, pastor and asada. Let me say that I'm from SOCAL and I know my Mexican food, Agave is authentic and delicious loved the whole meal. A special shout out to our server, Larissa, she was the best server we have had...ever!!!! Attentive, fun and not pushy or always coming around. We don't get to Vegas often....luckily we are headed back in December and we can't wait to visit Agave again. Management, if you have an employee recognition program Larissa is the best out there and made our dining experience wonderful, treat her well!!
1	Worst service in town...I walked to the bar to refill my soda...waiter didn't care.  Food was bland and the fish in my fish tacos tasted rancid. Too many good mexican restaurants in Vegas for this dump to survive ...bye bye Agave!!!!
4	This place has a great vegetarian selection!   I get so bored with cheese enchiladas and bean burritos... this place has a very good selection like potato and poblano mushroom tacos!  YUMM!!  A little pricier than most Mexican restaurants, but the atmosphere makes it worth it.  You won't feel out of place in jeans and you won't feel out of place if you are dressed up.  Great happy hour specials too!  I also love the drink ware!!!  Where can I buy some???
1	So I've been here two more times since my previous review and I think, unfortunately, this is going to be my LAST review of this place and the last time I ever come here.Agave and I came out to a rough start when it first opened many years ago and it seems that it has reached its pinnacle a year ago and it's down hill.  Very quickly.My wife and I visited on a Thursday night to make use of a Groupon that I purchased a month ago.  I called and made a reservation for 8:45pm and that went off without a hitch.When I got there, it went downhill from there.It was like they only had one waiter for the ENTIRE restaurant.  We waited forever for our drinks, our chip refills, our order.Rock Lobster Guacamole for an appetizer to complement the chips was good.  The chips ran out and we waited 10 minutes for more.Our main entrees were OK.  Refills never happened.  After waiting patiently for 30 minutes for our waiter to return, we went and talked to an employee - who was the hostess (hopping around merrily and fraternizing with her friends) while service just went down, down dooooown hill.Well, we were talking to the hostest saying our waiter was nowhere to be found and she condescendingly says "he's been helping you!  He's at your table."  (and he wasn't.)  Then when we walked back to the table I saw her giving my wife a very dirty look.I'm done with this place.  Agave needs to seriously look at how they're treating their customers.  It is a shame that this restaurant is taking up space in Summerlin when a restaurant that cares to give customer service and EARN their money could be here instead.Arrived at 8:45pm.  Got our check at 9:55pm.  Be prepared to waste an entire night if you dare venture here.
3	Came here with a friend for a light lunch and some drinks. Although it was pretty pricey, the food was good and the drinks were strong. It's got a great atmosphere, maybe just a tad bit too dark indoors.I can't say the menu prices really reflected the quality of the food but it's a place I would recommend to a friend if they were in the mood for Mexican food.
1	Terrible service even when place is nearly empty!  Truly awful margaritas, how is this possible at a Mexican restaurant that is as expensive as this one?  This is the most awful restaurant in Las Vegas I have visited, truly awful management!  The last straw was charging me for two when I ordered for one fajitas, they charged me $32 for this one item!  I pointed out to server and she refused to correct bill.  Never will I enter this place again!Wayne Gorsek
5	I came here for the second time on a whim with Don. We just got out of the movies and were looking for a place to eat. I remembered buying a Groupon for Agave, so we headed over. When we arrived it was 9:50pm (10 min to happy hour), so we took our time perusing through the menu and ended up ordering Fresh Fish Tacos, Crispy Fried Machaca Beef Burrito, and two margaritas at happy hour price ($5 ea). Even though it was happy hour, the place was really empty, but I actually prefer it that way. The ambiance is so beautiful at night. All the warm colors and small dangling lights just made me feel like I was having dinner under the stars. We got complimentary chips with three different salsas. I'm not sure of the names so I'll just call them bright red, dark red, and green. My favorite was the dark red salsa. It was mild and had a fire roasted taste to it. The chips were fresh and crispy, just how I like them. Sometimes when I go to a Mexican restaurant that gives complimentary chips, they're stale or undercooked, but that wasn't a problem here. The fish tacos had a poblano pepper slaw inside that Don really enjoyed. They also came with rice and beans. The only thing he didn't like about them was that they came on flour tortillas instead of corn. The Crispy Fried Machaca Burrito was huge! Look at this beast: http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/UtxbOEWhfmNajcmfRZuMLQ/l.jpg. Even though I was practically starving, I still couldn't finish more than half. It was delicious though. It had shredded-dried beef with fresh avocado, Mexican rice, refried black beans topped with red fresno sauce and melted Mexican cheeses. If you've read any of my past reviews, you know I love avocado and rice in my burritos. The black beans instead of pinto beans were an added bonus. This was actually the first time I've had a crispy fried burrito and I really enjoyed the crispy outer layer. I felt weird eating a burrito with a knife and fork, but seriously, it was smothered in red sauce. I would look like a monster eating a baby if I just picked it up with my hands. All in all,I still love Agave. Last time I went was at 11am when they just opened, so there was nobody there, which made for a peaceful breakfast. This time I went at 10pm in the middle of the week and there wasn't anyone else there, so it made for an intimate date. Both times the service was great and so was the food, so I have nothing to complain about.
5	I had a business holiday event here tonight and everything was fabulous!  The mushroom potato tacos were to die for (I'm a vegetarian) and all the drinks were great.  Great service and the place is so beautiful.  I highly recommend that anyone visit Agave!
3	Second time here in a four year span.  This time was with a large group for a birthday party.  Once again, the food a bit pricey for Mexican.  Although service was 4.5 Stars.  Bar tender was quick to get my tequila abd our wait staff at the dinner table was excellent and attentive.The food was good overall.  The salsa was actually good.  Im guessing it was homemade.But for a group of 12 people, the average ppp was $30 before tip.  No dessert included.  It did include pitchers of beer.I think because its in the heart of Summerlin, you pay more.  I think of many other Mexican / SW places in the area which would be slightly better food and lower prices.
1	Christmas, 2011. More folks working then people eating. Four in our party and a Grandchild. $15.00 burrito. Rice and beans with beef. No carne asada in this burrito. F**k me.Better food at Taco bell.The bill was $81.00. Don`t mind paying if it was worth it. It was a SH*t meal. Had to wait for ice tea and wait for the check.How can a place like this stay in busines. The food was not even MEXICAN like.Bad part of this is , i always want to eat there. What a waste. They only got a star becaose of being open on Christmas. F**k me.Thanks.
4	Look, I understand people being upset because a burrito may cost you $15 or even that Agave's food is a tad more Americanized than the super authentic Mexican food you were expecting but to give them 1 or 2 stars for those reasons alone is quite absurd. I've been here twice so far and while I haven't been able to try everything on the menu yet, the few items I have eaten were simply delish! I too was there on Xmas and when I was there it was full of people and they were actually understaffed so service was a little slow but they still managed pretty well - food was on our table within 30 minutes. That just gave me more time to drink some of their swell Tequila offerings. Yes, it's also a fabulous Tequila bar that goes far beyond the standard bottle of Patron. While they do carry around 30 brands of Tequila I wish they would expand this even more to include some boutique brands, some newer brands, and even a few well established brands that they don't carry. That would really complete the full Tequila experience. Some of those brands I mention would be Scorpion Mezcal, El Agave Artesanal, Fina Estampa, 3 Amigos, Nocaut, Crotalo, Fidencio Mezcal, Karma, and Tres Agaves among others. Sorry, I'm a bit of a Tequila snob. All in all I've found this to be a great restaurant with good food, drinks, and service but can be a little on the pricey side but definitely worth more than 1 star.
5	uuhhhmmm BEST SHRIMP TACOS!!! my absolute fave!! i don't usually like slaw but it pairs so well with the spices in the batter of the shrimp, also has a little sweetness that i like. pescado verde, rock shrimp chile relleno are also my favorites. the fajitas are wonderful!! there's just so many good things about this place, just gonna be sad when it goes.. don't forget the desserts! tres leches and coconut flan.. aahh i dieee. i don't drink but margaritas are good.. i recommend the arandas margarita (anejo, grand marnier, parton citronage, fresh lime and little simple syrup with a salted rim) and its so smooth that you'll be sipping it so fast and the buzz will sneak up on ya haha
1	Let me start this off by saying that up until our last visit (02/22/12) my wife and I LOVED this place. We had a Groupon that was set to expire, and taxes to do. Since we were already on that side of town, rather than get a refund on the Groupon, we figured we would satisfy our craving for some delicious food from Agave, once we finished filling out mounds of paperwork for the IRS.We arrived around 7:30pm, and to our surprise, the place was hopping! This is usually a good sign, as it means a) the restaurant is still good; b) the economy is coming back so people can afford to eat at Agave! The hostess informed us that it would be about ten minutes before we could be seated. Not a problem, they looked busy, so we sat down and played some games on our phones. It was close to ten minutes later that we were seated and informed our server would be with us in a moment. Having a penchant for sitting in sections with absentee servers, we make it a habit of checking the time when we get seated. This is where one star gets knocked off from a five star potential... It took over 8 minutes for water and chips to be delivered & our drink order taken. A couple minutes later, our drinks arrived, along with the chips and three flavors of salsa. We began munching on those while wondering what happened to the restaurant. The new menu is one, big piece of paper. No more do you get the hefty, and very cool leather bound book of a menu. When asked when that change occurred (as we were last in toward the end of summer, and it appeared that new bad reviews were cropping up recently - thought maybe the new menu had something to do with it) - no, the new menu was new for that day. Supposedly, there were only a couple items taken off, but it appeared that the menu was drastically changed. Another star removed, the old menu had some very good food that we couldn't find on this menu.Our server, a gentleman I can't remember his name, started doing the "I am going to show off how smart I am by memorizing your order" thing, until I started ordering my food. Then he brought out the trusty notepad to insure the proper items were ordered. Half a star returned, at least he knows one of his limitations.It didn't take long before our food came out, it was delivered by a food runner, who dropped and ran. She didn't stick around to see if we noticed anything wrong with it. Of course, there was. I had asked that certain items be left off of my nachos, low and behold, they were ALL OVER the nachos. For over $10.00, the nachos were portioned pretty small, but were otherwise OK, aside from the additional ingredients I had asked not to have included. I was tempted to wait until our server asked how things were to get another batch made, I was later glad that I did not!I demolished most of the nachos, and started in on the chicken quesadilla. I finished one "slice" of the quesadilla while also eating nachos, so it was a little masked. Once the nachos were done though and i had a solo bite of quesadilla, I wondered what I had just taken a bite of. Asking the wife if she would like a bite, she gave me the knowing, "it's that bad look", yet was a trooper and took a bite anyway. Her face confirmed it was not just me being picky. The chicken in the quesadilla had a strange texture and very "off" flavor to it. I can't quite place what was wrong with it, it was just very unappealing to my pallet.  Another star stolen away.During this entire time of eating, we had never once had our drinks refilled. It was 25 minutes between getting our initial drinks before we saw the server again. This is why I was later glad that I did not wait for him to return the nachos. One more star gone. When our server did finally make his grand re-appearance at our table, he asked if I wanted a box for the quesadilla. He either didn't hear, or ignored, when I said, "No, it doesn't taste good, at all." There was no, would you like anything else, was it not cooked all the way, nothing. I asked if we could get our drinks refilled, my water was filled up, the wife's water, however, was only filled about 2/3 of the way. 25 minutes to get 2/3 of a refill? Seriously guy? Another star gone.As the night went on, we lost more and more respect for a restaurant we used to thoroughly enjoy eating at, and just enjoying the ambiance of the dining area. The curved walls, high ceiling, decorative lamps and round windows all add a lot to the dining experience. If I build a custom home, I want my living room to be based on their dining room. It's that great of a building. Suppose, that is where the one star I have to leave them comes from.One last thing, they changed the music to a more modern R&B type selection, with the volume turned up way too loud for a restaurant. It felt like we had to raise our voices to be heard across the table. We weren't eating at a club...If you do happen to give this place a shot, at least use the restrooms, the sinks are very cool too!
4	This place is really hit or miss, I either have an amazing meal or it's way off. First time I ordered the tamales it was heaven and the next time it was bland and dry. I never know what to expect, but thankfully this last visit was wonderful and the food was delicious! I really love the look of the restaurant and the margaritas are magnificent. For the most part this is one of my favorite mexican restaurants if your lucky enough to catch the "good" cook!
1	Oh Dear what a shameMust have changed handsNew menu, much more expensive, favorite items have gone.Husband's burrito was tasteless and my crispy chicken was supposed to have fresh pineapple salsa but had nasty spicy red sauce too hot to taste. Potato polenta was just a pile of mushy home fries.I sent it back and ordered ceviche, no one came back to table, no offer of fresh drinks and 20 minutes later still no food. We left cash on table and went home!
4	We loved the taste, the portions were certainly enough to get full on, and the ambiance was upscale enough for a special occasion without making you feel that a suit and tie was necessary. Expect a wait at popular times, like you would get at any decent restuarant.  I thought the prices were fair, its not a discount taco barn. Overall, very enjoyable. Groupon got us there the first time, and we've been back.
3	Somehow, I walked into Agave on a Friday night at 6:30 PM and was seated immediately. The parking lot is tiny and shared with other businesses so I was assuming there'd be quite the wait.This isn't a standard Mexican restaurant where you can order the two-combo plate and know what you're getting. I would approximate it more with a semi-gourmet mexican restaurant that puts a little spin on their dishes. I got the crispy beef machaca burrito and was fairly impressed. It wasn't necessarily a culinary adventure but it was pretty decent food. The prices are on the higher side than most Mexican restaurants, but they do have some happy hour specials that bring the drink cost down. Service was good, the waitress was very nice but the wait from when we sat down to when she first came to get our drink order was a little long. Probably not her fault, but they had bus boys with chips and salsa walking around who could have at least checked in with us beforehand.If you're a big fan of mexican food, then trying Agave out would be recommended. If you're looking for standard mexican food, then it's not your best bet.
3	So I came here 5 years ago and I must say my review hasn't changed: the decor is still great (love the outdoor horno) and the servers are still friendly.  The food is good but nothing spectacular.  I am disappointed that they don't serve anything with mole sauce, but I guess this is nouveau Mexican or Mexican Fusion or something so I can't expect traditional stuff.  Still like the place and would still recommend it to friends.
1	Not good
2	I stopped in here before 6pm on a Tuesday to grab dinner with my cousin.  We were promptly seated, but not offered a seat in the bar area offering happy hour specials.  When we asked about happy hour they told us we could move over a table and we'd be in the proper section.  We opted to sit at the bar.  Once at the bar we each ordered a happy hour drink special and guacamole to start. That's about the last we saw of our bartender.  There were only 3 other people at the bar, and the restaurant was empty, but the service was unapologetically slow.  We had to flag down the bartender to order after he had left us for over half an hour with our guacamole and empty drinks.  He never came around to ask for our dinner order-we had to ask him to take it.  The bar is not large, but the bartender spent all of his time on the opposite side with his back to us doing prep work. The food is good, but it's not worth waiting out poor service for.
1	Agave has the worst service in Las Vegas! I've been to this restaurant several time and I can honestly say I have NEVER had good service here. Good luck getting anyone to greet your table, take your food order, or get drink refills in a timely manner. Also, you might want to ask for the check as soon as your food arrives at the table because you wont be able to get anyone's attention if you need something else. On two separate occasions, I've actually had to go to the host stand and ask someone to have our server bring the check because we had not seen him/her since our order was taken.  If it wasn't for the Black Bean and Cheddar Soup, and the Crab and Shrimp Enchiladas I wouldn't go back.
3	I've been a fan of Agave for about 5 years, and have seen the management change SO many times. The food is usually good, though inconsistent. Their patio is one of the best in the Valley, and they have offered great happy hour promos in the past including free tacos and margaritas on Mondays. Their margaritas are killer and the tacos are cheap and tasty at happy hour. I used to receive gaming offers when I played there, which were decent.
1	Don't waste your time or a dime!! Pass the "ambiance" and keep driving! Horrible service. We sat outside for 20 min w/o any acknowledgement.  Had to move tables because ROACHES  were crawling all over the wall and seat cushion. Should of been a good to sign to leave . Food came and was the WORST ever. We ended up not even takin a second bite. Took the left over to go and headed downtown a s gave them to a homeless person!! To finally get my taco fix I drove to the strip for a hole in the way real taco spot !! I've NEVER been so dissatisfied!! Enough to sign up for yelp just to leave this review
1	My wife and I ate there this evening.  We used to love this place.  The service used to be so so, but now it is just terrible.  The carne asada tacos were my favorite item on the menu, but I think they misunderstood me when I ordered and gave me the carne ASSada tacos.  Almost flavorless.We were never given chips and salsa, even after we requested chips and salsa.  My margarita was terrible.  They must have misunderstood me again and thought I wanted a virgin margarita.  I think we were getting poor service and weak drinks because we weren't gaming.It looks like Agave is owned by the same group that owns the Roadrunner bars.  The Roadrunner corporate "chefs" must have gotten ahold of the original recipes and "optimized" them for profitability.We have removed Agave from our list of restaurants that we will eat at.
4	First of all ihave to say i m Not a Fan of mexikan Food but the Pink Restaurant made me to Wanna try itHost: nice blonde girl. Friendly Service: a Guy. Not vey Attentive. You want to get tipped so be nice & Helpful. Never asked for a refill. I had a Coke. Hubby had a Beer. ( Never asked for a Second)Food: Steak fajitas ok meat was Salty& the meat cuts were tiny Looks like the Rests of the steaks were Cut Off. Restaurant: outside very nice seatingMenu: over all Good choicesWould try it again. Maybe Service gets better.
1	All I can say is WOW!!We experienced the WORST service ever here!We came here celebrating a family members birthday and had a large group. 20 peopleThey provided us with 1 server who also had other tables to serve. What?!?!?!Yeah one server.. with 1 person helping her. Needless to say everything was super slow and not right. Several people had to ask multiple times for simple water refills. We finally just asked if we could have a couple of pitchers of water placed on the table so that we could help ourselves. We were told they couldnt do that. So you're saying that you're too busy to get us water yourselves and you're unable to allow us to help ourselves. Interesting. Again She was one person so almost EVERYONES order was wrong when it made it to the table. Besides that she was so overwhelmed that she actually forgot to take the order of several  people at the table until AFTER the majority of us had received our food! It was a cluster all around. The food wasn't the worst but the service was so bad that I couldnt even upgrade their star based on the food. Besides I had the shrimp tacos and they werent that stellar. I actually prefer the shrimp tacos from Cafe Rio! You get more of the shrimp taste at CR than at Agave, their batter if very crunchy and actually overwhelms the shrimp.. .Dah well. Now I know !!
2	My husband and I ordered the -Shrimp and Crab Stacked Enchiladas ----$19.95-Taco Sampler -----$13.95-Pastel de Tres Leches (dessert)----$6.95The waitress was very friendly, she really did a good job of making us feel at home. She told us the Shrimp Enchiladas is their specialty so I ordered it. To be honest, it was average. The shrimp was over cooked and hard. The dessert was very good, taco plate is very tasty. Restaurant is very beautiful. I would go back again, but maybe I won't order the house specialty.Update: The night after I wrote this review, I woke up at 2am with an upset stomach. Then I had diarrhea. It was the signature dish (Shrimp and Crab Stacked Enchiladas) from Agave that did it, because I had not eaten anything after I left the restaurant. I also only drank water in the restaurant. When I got the food, I did felt the food was VERY hot in the middle so I think they made batches of the shrimp and crab and microwaved it to make the dish. DO NOT order this when you go there. My husband had the Tacos and he was fine. I now change from a 3 to 2 star.
4	Can be hard to find,  but worth it.  At the far end of the Costco parking lot,  prior to Costco.  Order the guacamole.Great ambiance.. As nice as the most expensive Mexican restaurant.  The fajitas for two was a generous portion DELICIOUS.  About $20 each.Went back again, and enjoyed it again. We shared a burrito and the 3 tacos and, of course, the guacamole and chips. It was a filling and delicious lunch.
2	Was drawn by the pretty decor of the restaurant and purchased a groupon. The service was good but the food was awful. The waiter's recommendation was fajitas. I ordered the filet mignon fajitas and a cadillac margarita. While waited I was brought chips and 3 different salsas, they were okay. The margarita was good - just wished I had specified blended. The fajitas came with a side of rice and beans. This was one of the most horrible entrees I have ever had. I doubt that it was really filet mignon and wasn't asked how I wanted it cooked. The fajitas were doused in black pepper and that was all I could taste - even when I added sour cream, guacamole and salsa to mask the black pepper, it didn't work. The beans were sweet and the rice bland and dry. Since the food was horrible I spent of the rest of the groupon on desert. The coconut flan was heavenly and the chocolate creme brulee was okay (chocolately and nutty flavor). I don't think I'll ever go back for the food but maybe for desert and drinks.p.s. The light fixtures in the bar area are beautiful - just wish they would replace the burnt out bulbs. It would add to the ambiance.
5	Love the food here. service is good.decor and ambiance is niceI usually don't like Mexican food but after Agave.  I will be trying more Mexican food.ordered1. guacamole with crab.  (crab is not good, taste a bit too salty. guacamole is good though, next time I won't add extra for the crab)2.Chile Braised Short Rib Taquitos --taste amazing3. shirmp on a hot skillet (forgot the name, but it's really good)4.Pastel de Tres Leches--this desert is ok...not a wow!
3	Stopped in for Happy Hour. Patron Magaritas at $4 bucks were awesome!! Carne Asada Nachos were seriously the worst nachos  I have ever had!! Chicken Quesadilla on the other hand was pretty good. The Guacamole was also pretty tasty.I would say we always visited this restaurant  because it is truly beautifully decorated AND the patio is very inviting. The dinners were also pretty good and I always recommended this place. Just hoping today's lunch was a little off and will come back to see what's up in the near future.
3	Meh.  Overpriced tex-mex.  Environment was cool though.
5	Truly an amazing place!!!I am from out of town and held my wedding reception there. from the very beginning patrick was so helpful in helping me coordinate the whole affair. he was attentive and easy to work with. the food itself was great!.... my guests couldn't stop talking about the Mayan chicken tamale and the guacamole. we had the rock shrimp chile relleno, blue corn chicken enchiladas and the beef fajitas. it was great!lastly, almost everyone of my guests commented on their amazing service. they couldn't believe how nice and accommodating the staff was..overall, i would go here again and you should too!
5	Awesome! If you like quality, very flavorful tex-mex you will love this place. Margaritas with good (100% agave) tequila and fresh made mix that's not from a bottle. Blue corn chicken enchiladas were wonderful. Carne Asada tacos with a little bit of pickled cabbage on top are to die for. If you like run of the mill, cheap Mexican food, this is not the place for you. This is the top end.
5	I've been here numerous times, but this last time helped me decide on this being a 5 stars.Ordered:  Freshly made GuacamoleAuthentic Plancha Fajitas (see overall section for details)Pros:* Atmosphere:  Every time I come here, I admire the interior design and landscaping* Spacious/Comfy booths:  Over-sized booths that can accommodate larger parties* Guacamole:  I'm a fan of Guac and I've gotta admit that this place has killer GuacCons:* Lunch Menu was pretty much the same as the dinner aside from price of  the tacosOverall:I really like this place.  Inspiring architecture partnered with some good food and service is a win!  Jade and I ordered the Fajitas which are meant to be shared.  There is an option of meat and we asked if it was possible to combine two different meats (which Agave happily accommodated).  We chose the grilled Filet Mignon & Tequila marinated Rock Shrimp.  It was served with a side of spanish rice, 3 warm tortillas (each),Pinto beans, Guacamole, Escrema, and Salsa.  The Filet Mignon/shrimp combo came out on a sizzling platter.  It was a towering portion and I felt as if could have been shared among 4 friends with no problem.  It was incredible, especially the shrimp!  They shrimp themselves were huge and so full of flavor!  I definitely recommend this for people looking to share.  Guacamole (as mentioned earlier) is also highly recommended!  We went this past Friday during lunch hour and there was no wait.  Tips:* If you're a fan of Margaritas, Agave was a wide variety to choose from.* If you are dining in the evening, there is an outdoor patio (too hot for the day)* The restaurant sits behind Islands restaurant* It can be a good place for a date and/or a drink =)
1	I've been to Agave several times, but my visit on August 17th will certainly be my last.  We sat outside and waited a ridiculously long time to be served water, menus - anything really.  We went in and asked the staff to send a server outside - still no show.  The lighting outside wasn't switched on, so the food was served in the dark - zero ambiance.  I asked for the Manager who made no attempt whatsoever to make things right.  He just made excuses.  No thanks - I'll take my $$ elsewhere.  There are plenty of other great restaurants in the area.
4	Came here recently on a Saturday night since I was staying across the street at Red Rock.  I was craving Mexican food only to find out the Cabo Cantina inside Red Rock is closed and will be turning into a Lucielle's BBQ in the future.  Therefore we decided to head over to Agave.On a Saturday night I put in a reservation for 8 through Opentable and ended up arriving 45 minutes early.  The hostess told us no problem and sat us down within 5 minutes.  The one thing that stood out at Agave was that the chips and salsa was already on the table before we were seated.  This is a welcome sight from some Mexican restaurants where you have to wait for a server before and chips and salsa is served.  The other thing is there are 3 different types of salsa served with the chips (mild, pecante and a green).My party ordered a pitcher of the Agave Margarita and it was just so-so.  It didn't stand out at all.  We passed on ordering a second pitcher.In terms of the food, I ordered a Machacha burrito and it was delicious.  The shredded beef wasn't dry and was cooked just right.  My wife had the fajitas and the only complaint she had was that the Spanish rice was kind of bland, a little too starchy.Overall, the service was good, the food was good, the Margaritas could use some help and the prices are a little high for Mexican food ($12-$20).  4 stars
1	Agave was one of the first restaurants I went to when I moved to Vegas.  If I had written a review then it would have been 4 or 5 stars.What happened to this restaurant?  The chips used to be phenomenal (sea salt FTW) and the guacamole was fresh.  Now the chips are inedible and all the food tastes canned.  The Mexican restaurant across the street at Red Rock Casino offers exceptionally better food.If you haven't been to Agave in a while, do not bother.  If you are thinking about going, do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
3	If you're in the Red Rock casino area and want upscale Mexican, this is the place to go. The only other option that I know of, Cabo inside the casino, closed. The first time I came here I hated it. The next time it was better, and now I think it's a-ok. The past two visits I've had the short rib taquitos ($8.95). So far, it's the best thing on the menu. The house salad ($7.95) was decent, but forgettable. With the taco sampler ($8.95) you get to choose which three tacos you'd like to try. Among the choices are carnitas, potato and mushroom, rock shrimp, fish, chicken, and carne asada. My wife and I split the platter, with her ordering a potato and portabella taco (yukon gold potatoes, stewed with chipotle peppers, caramelized onions, spicy tomato sauce and queso fresco) and me getting two al pastor tacos (achote marinated pork shoulder with grilled pineapple serrano salsa and lime). The tortillas were dry and ready to crack, but the pork was well seasoned and topped with peppers. They were decent but they won't make me forget some of the street tacos found around town anytime soon.The restaurant is kid friendly -- mine had the cheese quesadilla ($6) and thought it was ok -- and their booths make it convenient to corral the little ones so they don't wander around.
3	Good happy hour, if you are craving margaritas. They have different flavors and you can't go wrong with any of them. The food is good, but nothing special.. oh and did I mention free chips???
3	I dined on a Wednesday evening and the restaurant and bar were busy. I sat at the bar so I could enjoy the company of video poker if the mood struck. Shrimp & crab enchiladas "stack"- the seafood should be the star of the dish, but it wasn't. I think the sauce didn't complement the seafood well, and there were too many tortillas. Overall, was so-so. For $19.95, I expect better. Rock shrimp chile relleno appetizer- this is delicious! A bargain at $11.95. Flavorful, with a yummy sauce and ample shrimp. Chocolate creme brulee with almonds- tasty, but lacking whipped cream. Very rich. Dulce leche milk cake- LOVED IT! Another bargain.I was given a free dessert because the entree took a long time. Kudos on that!
3	We've been to Agave a few times since it opened.  It's not the best mexican restaurant in town, but it's better than most.  We've always had good service, and we've always enjoyed the food.  It is pricey, though, so the food and service should be good.  Last night we sat on the patio, right beside one of their gaslog kivas.  We like how th patio is below grade, so you can't see the parking lot.  It is probably the best restaurant patio on the west side.  We were immediately served complimentary chips and salsa, but the chips were stale.  We didn't complain until we decided to order quacamole, which was delicious, and fresher chips were brought without complaint.  Our server had too many tables, but she worked hard and took good care of us.  Agave needs to step up and get cloth dinner napkins.  The pitiful, cheap paper ones they use are inferior to most fast food places.  We've always enjoyed the decor at Agave, and we still do.  Nice place, nice patio.  Go and enjoy!
1	Went on a sat night. It was dead.  Hadnt been there in a while.  Moved from the bar to a table and no one ever came over.  We sat there for at least half an hour and left.  Horrible.
