4	I have my undergrad and MBA from ASU and I can't say that I'm disappointed with either.  College is what you make out of it.  Are some schools more educationally challenging?  Of course.  do some schools have more "school pride/spirit"?  Absolutely.  But I go back to the college experience being what you make out of it.  There are great colleges within the University and there are great opportunities to truly enjoy yourself.  And I must say, I think that ASU has the highest population of attractive women in the world; even Playboy magazine thinks so!Michael Crow (school president) is doing great things for ASU and I look forward to seeing how the school will continue to grow academically.....but hopefully not at that expense of co-ed attractiveness!  :-)
3	Not the best computer science program.  However, it is a pretty big school.  It has that Arizona feel to it.  The heat can be unbearable at times, and I live in Vegas now.  My classmates were very friendly, but the teachers sometimes were a bit too strict.  The funny thing about this school was how people would steal bicycles and assemble a totally new bike.  So I'd see a bicycle with a bigger tire in the front and a smaller one on the back with different colors of parts attached.  Hilarious.  There are also a lot of people holding signs promoting either their religion or other beliefs.  There's a lot of different type of people here which is why I like it, but then again, I wasn't totally impressed by my teachers which is what I mostly looked for.
4	Oh my alma mater....Attending the largest school in the U.S. was an unforgettable experience. I made friends I'm still in touch with now and don't regret for one second that I went to ASU. Dorms: Unlike Michelle, I liked Cholla. Although, I was there before all these new dorms were being built. These are the friends I'm still in touch with for sure. You make friends also when you've decided your major and the classes get smaller. Suck it up or get a bike. I'd definitely recommend a bike. It's probably better exercise than just walking. But do invest in a good bike lock. They love to steal bikes.Sports: Um....I went to mostly football games. Did I know what was going on? Not really. But they were still fun. And even if we lost, you can guarantee that when the game was over and everyone was leaving to go home, you heard the loud chanting of, "let's get wasted!" **clap clap clap clap clap** I'm more a basketball fan but I never went to any games....Academics: I got my B.S. in Recreation. HAHA. Seriously, I did. My concentration was in Tourism Management. I figured since I like to travel that would be a good major. I went on two separate summer study abroads in the same summer of my junior year with my tourism major. First half was Australia/Fiji and the second half was Austria/Holland. I would totally recommend going on at least one study abroad. I still can't believe one could order a beer at a movie theater in Amsterdam...This review could honestly go on forever if I'm covering topics like this. Anyway, I enjoyed it. Some obviously would think otherwise. You can't like everything!P.S. Watch out for Parking & Transit. The tickets are only $25, but an irritating $25.
5	Unfortunately my years at ASU were spent at the building dedicated purely to the Computer Scientists/Computer Systems Engineer majors.  Probably the majority of creepy guys were in this major so they tried to keep them away from the main campus as much as possible by putting us half a mile away from all the other people.However, I did meet my current g/f here(ASU in general, not the creepy guy building), there are tons of interesting classes such as ballroom/swing/latin dance courses and lots of studying to keep you busy (or parties if you're not into studying).  I'm glad I took the chance to find classes that I enjoyed such as music history, dance classes, and basketball to go along with all of my engineering classes.5 stars because I enjoyed my 4 years here and I'm glad it wasn't any longer than that!
5	What can I say?  I loved my four years!  Woohoo Sun Devils!  Rock on!
5	I'm a SunDevil forever - GO DEVILS!
5	What do u get when you combine a fantastic school, hot women, and good looking dudes......ASU baby!!!!!!  If you're thinking of going....GO you won't regret it.  If you're too hung up on an ivy league education....don't....that's what grad school is for.  Enjoy your undergraduate years in a very warm spot (less clothes..wink.wink), with a lot to do (Vegas, San Diego, Cabo, Taos, Rocky Pt, Havasu,) and a lot of hot people to do it with.   GO DEVILS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!N
3	Too many lecture hall classes with hundreds of kids, horrible parking, horrible administration and student services. Too many policies, rules, and procedures. The students are never helped when help is needed by administration. It's hot as F*&K for most of the semester. Shitty food on campus. Too many lame teachers, even in professional programs, that don't know how to arouse interest in the students. Amount of attractive women is grossly exaggerated, if that's what you determine to attend a college.  Some teachers are good, but some just plain suck. Parties are always broken up by cops (if you are under 21).  The only reason my time at ASU has been tolerable is because I have a good group of friends. I don't see how anyone could give this school 5 stars if you are comparing to other major colleges.
5	GO DEVILS!  For starters, I would have given ASU four stars leaving room for improvement, but I had to off set the ridiculous one star grades given by one star yelpers.  I attended Arizona State University from the Fall of 1994 to Summer of 1998.  What more could I have asked for from a school?  Not only did I receive a Psychology  degree and education from world class professors, I had one hell of a good time doing it.  For a kid who graduated high school naive and inexperienced on so many levels, I did a lot of growing up at ASU.  I had an incredible experience joining and being a member of Delta Tau Delta Fraternity. I enjoyed  tailgating and cheering on the Sun Devils in foot ball as they made a run for the national championship.  The weather is great and is only hot for the first month or so.  It is true what they say about the girls at ASU.  Put it this way- I never needed a "Spring Break" because school felt like one.  You do need some self discipline from the wonderful distractions in order to get the most out of your education.  ASU's athletic program has been revamped and all of their teams have been kicking butt lately.  Back to academics- ASU has a lot to offer.  I was undeclared going in and felt I had plenty of paths to choose.  I felt confident a degree from ASU would help me eventually land the career I wanted and it did just that.
4	ASU...watcha' know 'bout that.  Large and concentrated, yes.  Crowded, yes.  Girls in Gucci and Chanel for "Class 101" at 9:40, yes.  Party school, yes.  Four years of fun (and books, too), yes.  Go Devils!
5	ASU isn't a bad school.  It has some lousy profs, staff, and facilities, but it also does have some standout programs.  Really I don't know why anyone would consider making his or her college decision based on Yelp reviews, but whatever.  GO DEVILS!!!!
2	mill ave is not bad.  tempe town lake, is ok. the campus is mediocre . the academics are subpar. the students are moslty meatheads and ditzy blondes. the alumni are very B&T. the stadium is right on campus the highlight of this dump. (I was there for the USC-ASU game mot recently) back in the day I used to come here once or twice a year to compete (and mostly party) with the ASU wakeboarding/waterski team who hosted a big tournament during my college days.  the main problem I had this time was it was so HOT. i just could not get used to it. even at 8 friggin pm it was toasty. maybe I was jsut not havn a good day but for some reason I used to think ASU/?tempe rocked but this time, not so much. Im sitll heaen back to PHX for spring training, though
1	ASU, you suck. It's unbelievable how much you thoroughly, utterly, entirely suck. It sucked to transfer to your sucky campus.It sucked to park.It sucked to be pillaged for every penny I didn't have.It sucked to show up to sucky classes.It sucked to have to dodge the sorority/fraternity students.It sucked to have to see the same 100 young marrieds in every single one of my classes.It sucked to try and see my sucky advisor.It sucked to apply to graduate.It sucked to wait in the freezing cold at 7am for an hour before convocation.It sucked when you tried to tell me my degree wasn't done because one of your sucky teachers didn't post my grade.It sucked to have to make you fix your mistake, dragging your feet the entire time. I am NOT a sun devil, regardless of the thousands and thousands of dollars it cost to get my undergrad from you. And I don't ever want to see your sucky face again, ASU.
5	I want to preface my review with the fact that I cannot really do this institution justice with only a paragraph and a few quick and dirty pros.  If you are serious about schools check out the website and take a tour. The Devils' Advocates give a great walking tour.   This school has a lot to offer and taking the time to make a huge decision about higher ed. is really important. I loved going to school here.  I was from Tempe, so it maid going to school really easy.  I totally recommend living in the residence halls and also getting involved with as many clubs and organizations as possible.  I think with all education you get out of it what you want. If you want to work really hard and graduate top of your class, you will get an amazing education that will prepare you for grad school and beyond.  However, if you really just want the social side of a great party school you can get that as well.  If you are a great mutlitasker than you might be able to do both.  I had some really great professors that took time and cared for my growth and development.  I met some really great people whose friendship I will have forever.  Quick highlights that I think might be helpful:- lots of majors to choose from- lots of professors to choose from-lots of classes to choose from- lots of clubs and organizations- pretty great residence halls-descent food (breakfast at Manzy, mmm good!)- lots of girls and boys- great gym- Honors college option- descent sports - awesome fans, which mean huge tailgates.- life of memories and pride in a great institution- life membership in an active Alumni Association- great bang for your buckGO DEVILS!!!
5	i loved going to asu. go devils!!!
5	I went to ASU much longer than I should have. I spent time in a few different majors and got a full college experience, in my opinion. I didn't feel the need to join a frat - but really, I had some good friends that did (although, most of them were girls in the greek system..). College was good to me, so I feel the urge to give ASU the 5 stars it deserves. ASU has the hottest girls in the world - yes, I said it. It is a mecca for the ladies and if you disagree, well you just haven't been in Tempe on that first day of Spring when it hits 80 degrees and the skirts come out.. and I am sure that you never experienced that first day of the fall semester, either. Should you chose your college based on how hot the girls are? Well, I did, but maybe that's not enough for you.. I graduated with a Communications and Mass Communications degree - yeah, I sort of defaulted into it (after runs in Architecture, Psychology and even Religious Studies!). I enjoyed taking a wide variety of classes, which is why it took me a bit longer to graduate - I just couldn't decide on what I enjoyed more. Yes, some classes like Psy 101 had a lot of people in them - but most probably had 25-50 people and the prof was very accessible. Also, I will add that I got a great job right out of school - so even with my default degree, I ended up with a marketing job in Radio. Football. ASU games are a blast - especially when they are good. If you haven't gotten up at 7am to tailgate or taken a road trip to see ASU get beat by USC, you haven't really lived. I just with they'd bring back the tradition of throwing tortillas on the field. Bars. There are a ton of great spots in and around the Tempe/Scottsdale area. I'm not even getting into clubs because that's not really my scene - but spending a day doing some day drinking at Dos is awesome - no matter how hot it is. I can't tell how many people say they are jealous that I got to go to ASU (in NYC and LA) - their response is usually not about how great the academics are, no.. but everyone knows that ASU kids are fun to be around. A party school? Yeah, we party. But you also get a great experience and I highly suggest it. Will I let my daughters go here?.. no.
1	Is open enrollment the new policy here or do they just let anyone in who can fill out the application?  I've read that class sizes are even larger, and I'm not talking about the 400 person lecture halls.  The classes that were formerly capped at 40 are now upwards of 70, even for elective classes in the various humanities that are normally essay or paper focused forms of evaluation.  Oh boy, nothing like a political philosophy class with a bubble form exam to stimulate the mind!Parking is atrocious and they bend you over for the prices as well.  Many faculty are research focused only with virtually no effort put into teaching, except for those that see their courses as a golden opportunity to indoctrinate their students into their various political views.  What a joke this place is...
1	This place was a NIGHTMARE! I say this when comparing the Tempe Campus to the West and Downtown campus and the ASU Policies in general. I was misadvised by my program advisor two times - on major issues pertaining to acquiring my degree. Then my program changed advisors on me three times in two years. Then, when I was finally accepted into my program, the school decided to rewrite the curriculum! That gave me another headache and a half. I hated the parking situation... It is not fun walking 2432087 miles to class and then to the opposite side of the campus in 130 degree heat; and I hate President Crow for all the misery he has caused the people of the university. To add insult to injury, when it came time for me to graduate, I applied for graduation on time and my name wasn't even in the commencement book!! What was supposed to be the happiest moment of my young-adult life had me in TEARS!!!!
4	There is no place/business I have visited more in Arizona than Arizona State University and I think I should give you my honest opinion on it as my 100th review and as I finish up my final year here and get ready to accept my diploma.My first year at ASU, like most freshman, was spent at the dorms. What a crazy experience. I shared a room with my best friend in Palo Verde Main and we lucked out and didn't have to share a bathroom with any of the drunk, obnoxious, party bimbos that lived on our floor.  Don't forget about the douchebag wannabe jock dickheads on our floor too, that would be up until 4am screaming obscenities and running up and down the hall with underwear on their heads. PV Main is a freaking DUMP HOLE compared to the new resort-style dorms that these spoiled brats are living in now-a-days. Minus the people in my dorm, I enjoyed living in PV Main, due to the close proximity to my classes, grocery store downstairs, and abundance of parking. The bunk style beds were rather obnoxious, seeing as how being extremely intoxicated makes it ridiculously difficult to climb up to the bunk and then have a no-spin sleep. I moved my mattress to the floor when my roomie moved out.I have generally had good professors while at ASU. My 2nd semester at school I had chosen my major, Women and Gender Studies, and my minor, Sociology. ASU also offers a certificate in LGBT Studies which I will be obtaining as well. In both fields I have learned more than I ever could have imagined and have grown incredibly as a person. I have met so many rad, intellectually stimulating, and down to earth people. Sometimes the larger classes (300+) can be a little overwhelming but as long as you pay attention and turn in assignments on time you're golden. Some of the classrooms are nicer than others but none were every disgustingly dirty. COOR lecture halls are great for naps during boring classes (CSE180) and the bottom level of Murdock is 100 times nicer than the top level. My favorite professors have been Michelle Vlahoulis in Women's Studies, Shelley Erickson in Women's/Justice Studies and Richard Fey in Sociology. Take any of their classes if you can. They're very inspiring and motivating, and actually care. Some of the gen ed classes can be rather mind-numbing but look up your professors on ratemyprofessor.com to get a good idea of what they're like. Most of the reviews are dead on. The campus is huge, it's easy to get lost if you don't know you way around, but maps are abundant. The Memorial Union is huge and filled with yummy places to eat and a downstairs lounge with pool tables and a bowling alley. My favorite place to eat is the Extreme Pita on the first floor. Sometimes these places can get a little pricey but that's the price you pay for convenience. There are also lots of nooks and crannies to get comfortable in to study in the MU, as well as the library, which is full of books and great study spots, and usually pretty quiet. Out in front of the MU there is always something going on - sometimes bands playing, clubs promoting, free give-a-ways, United Blood Drives, and of course, my absolute favorite spectacle, the far-out religious lunatics carrying signs and shouting bible verses explaining why homosexuality is a sin.  And the rowdy students that gather round and have some [educated] fun with them.  They have a rec center on campus as well, with a work out room, pool, tennis and basketball courts, everything you would want in a rec center and then some. And it's free for ASU students! So screw paying $30 a month for a gym if you're a student. And it's pretty cheap for non-students to get in as well, if you have any friends that want to accompany you. Walking around campus can be a bit hectic, as this school is HUGE (3rd largest in the nation).  What makes it even more difficult is all of the bikers/skateboarders that zoom past you with no regards as to where you are walking. And everyone is either plugged into their ipod or cell phone so no one is paying attention to anyone else around them.  My biggest problem with ASU is what money-hungry whores the school officials are. Rising tuition, we all know about it. Parking costs. $380 to park in a giant lot a mile and a half away from campus? Seriously? They have a bus that takes you to campus but still! You have to arrive at least 30 minutes before you class to make sure you get there on time. What a hassle! Parking meters are difficult considering they are on a 60 minute limit and most classes exceed that amount of time. What gives? I've gotten more parking tickets than A's at this school. Overall though, my ASU experience has been a pretty good one. I picked this school over NAU and UA because I wanted to stay in Phoenix and I liked the big campus and extreme variety of classes they offer. I wouldn't trade my experience and the knowledge I have gained over the past 4 years for anything in the world. Go Devils!
5	I attended ASU for my last 2 years after transferring in from the University of New Mexico.  This place has grown on me.  Like many at first, I found it impersonal and very superficial.  It takes time to find your niche, but once I found it, I was set.  I joined the Phi Alpha Delta Pre-Law fraternity (I had been Greek at UNM previously) and found that group of people to be awesome.  But the size and the superficiality actually grew on me.  There is a ton to do around campus and you should take advantage of it.  While Dos Gringos has been forced to move and Long Wongs and The Timber Wolf have now closed, I know you can still find a great place to eat or drink on Mill or nearby.  Does it have a rep as a party school? Yeah ... but you make what you want out of a university.  But trust me, every time I tell a new acquaintance where I went to school, invariably the reaction is "Damn, you must've had fun in college."  My response is invariably "Hell yeah I did!"Do we have some nationally recognized programs? Yep ... not at the level of Princeton or Yale, but we have them.  I found all of my professors approachable and very willing to help you out with questions about, applications and letters of recommendation for grad school.  Parking sucked but I loved my time there nonetheless.  I still find it amazing that even here on Yelp, trolls from UA will post.  Go Devils!
5	decent education at a decent price!
1	HELLISH HELLISH SUMMER WEATHER (March thru October)it hurts my lungs to breath.I couldn't get transcripts because I had a parking ticket I needed to pay.The problem is... *i DON'T OWN A CAR, I don't drive, I don't even have a drivers license*!!~*~*-- aside from that one minor incident,~*~*I paid 9000 USD a semester to receive a so and so education.I graduated with a magna cum laude. I have attended other universities. However, I couldn't help but notice the gap in the quality and variety of classes offered.For example, you have to be a finance major to take upper level interesting finance classes.Business school was so and so, a lot of repetition.Very little hands-on and help with internships.Way too much groupwork and free-riding.They do not have many good employers at their semi annual recruiting events.Oh, and professors rarely teach the courses.They have their teaching assistants teach us.Also, there is a lack of bridging classes between lower level and upper level classes. Junior year when you get admitted into the "professional program" the level of the classes and transition isn't too smooth.The campus tutoring program is pretty helpful for general classes if you're having trouble with classes (usually lower level)There are not enough chairs/desks in some classes.The students sit on the floor and cram on the stairs in the lecture halls.Also, the classes don't teach you how to think critically, which I think is crucial in college.Please don't waste your money, especially those of you from out of state. Its not worth it.Expect to wait in line wherever you go.ASU accepts way too many people.It would prolly accept my cat and my baby sister who barely talks if we threw money at them.Thus its very difficult to get myself into the classes I need.The advisors are walking advertisements of the business school.They are not informed enough to advise you.I got dropped from two required prerequisite courses so I could not move on to the next level.... even after pre-registration.I got screwed and ended up having to take one more semester to graduate.Tuition rose from 6000 a semester in Fall of 2003 to 9000 + in Fall of 2007.Gross!!One thing I liked was the student theatre performances. The admission $ was reasonable and quite entertaining.The College of Architecture and Environmental design studios are pretty good and has good security.ASU is not the most safe neighborhood.I have been approached by many shady people.do NOT live on campus. Especially the dorms on north campus.They are beyond crappy and overpriced.You have to split your room with a room mate in most cases for undergrads.The "freshman year experience" bullsh*t they pull on you, don't buy it.and Please PLEASE please don't move into Manzy Hall (Manzanita; 15 stores with triangular windows).I lived here my froshy year and its the dirtiest (rats), unhealthy (mold, pot circulation), most promiscuous place on campus.Again, please don't bother wasting your money, especially if your an out of state or international student. Hope this helps.
5	Okay so after getting my lame Associate's degree I decided to pursue my Bachelor of Science, after much research and the decision to do it 100% online I chose ASU.  I am a senior at ASU and will be graduating next year.  I have been very impressed by the quality of the faculty and the ability to have my questions regarding financial aid answered by individuals who know what they are talking about.  I rarely order books from the bookstore but I have made other online purchases and never had any issues.  Even though I have not graduated yet ASU has opened the door to many opportunities.  I am able to take all of my classes online so my family life is not disrupted and by furthering my education I have been offered a position which will enhance my finances.Another major perk of attending ASU is that the tuition as an out of state online student is less than what I would be paying as a resident to another 4 year university that is right down the street from me.I am glad that I chose ASU.
1	ASU used to be just a shitty school with too many students and lots of partying. Now it's a shitty school with even more students and slightly less partying with delusions of being an Ivy League institution. ASU is alright if you recognize it for what it is: a school for people not able to get in anywhere else or for Arizonans who don't want to leave our beautiful state for their education. If you go expecting anything more than that, you'll be extremely disappointed. It's definitely not worth the price and if I didn't have a merit scholarship, I wouldn't go.
1	I am a senior graduating with a BS in Math and another in Electrical Engineering and am in Barrett Honors College. With over a 4.0. I can tell you that ASU has been the biggest sh*thole waste of 3 1/2 years of my life (I did 2 years at community college... and a year of my tuition at ASU was due to my mentally-brain-damaged advisor, who misadvised me my first year and cost me a class that was a prereq for another. I lost a year because she was ignorant before I learned to never listen to her again). I feel like I've gotten stupider. In my experience, the only thing remotely good about ASU was BHC (Barrett).I'm tired of teachers who don't speak English (or should I say grad students who don't speak English, because once I hit the 300 level, my teachers couldn't even attend their own office hours, let alone their own classes).ASU was one of the worst decisions I ever made in my life, and I'm disappointed in myself. I have no plans to walk, or be proud of my alma mater. It's a well-sold, sloganized waste of your money. If you have any sort of reasonable intelligence... if when Arizona says "No child left behind" they actually DON'T mean you... go ANYWHERE else. I know it's tempting. I'm from Scottsdale... it's close, in-state, not morbidly expensive. DON'T BUY IT! Spend money elsewhere for a real education.Job placement was a JOKE. Seriously. I found my own job long before graduation. Their "Career Fairs" were... well, thinking back on them makes me laugh a little bit. But it wasn't funny.The advisors are complete sh*t. My math advisor harassed me for 3 years to take my year of foreign language. Only BAs have to take foreign language, which I had to tell her EVERY TIME I FREAKING TALKED TO HER. "Carly, I'm STILL not a BA." Plus, as I told her regularly "I STILL did Spanish AP in HS," so it STILL didn't make a difference either way. And that was the best part of her "advising." She either misadvised or completely ignored any questions I had. I really don't think I ever once got anything useful out of her.The students are overall VERY subpar. Michael Crowe's "NEW AMERICAN UNIVERSITY" - honestly, I don't want to go into it. There are a million things I could say, but it makes me want to gag and reminds me of how disappointed I am that I chose ASU. The whole campus, and most of the professors I had REEKED OF MEDIOCRITY. At best. That's probably being too generous. I had a few who were amazing. Like 3. In 3 1/2 years. The rest... there was no middle ground. They were flaky, horrible, heavily-accented teachers... If you were lucky enough to see them after day 2 (this is assuming you weren't stuck sitting on the floor since the class was so packed on days 1 and 2... otherwise, you might not have seen them at all).I got scholarships and grants which not only paid my full tuition and books, but paid me a few thousand every semester to attend ASU. I still feel that it was the worst decision I have ever made in my life. The only thing I thank god for every day is that I spent 2 years at Scottsdale Community College before transferring in. So, my college years weren't a COMPLETE waste.People who SHOULD attend ASU: - Anyone who had to take advantage of  "No child left behind" - Anyone who got denied everywhere else (no worries, ASU will take you) - Any females who aspire to be a stripper when they grow up (ASU will be great practice) - Anyone interested in getting an STD (report to Manzy immediately. And don't worry.... "she's on birth control" / "he will pull out.") - Anyone who wants to leave college more dazed than they came in, because not only did you get stupider, but you also had to deal with all their bureaucratic bullsh*t, and PAY for it. - Anyone who only wants to go to college for the parents, and never intends on getting a REAL job. if you intend on getting a real job... well, let's just say you have a better chance learning to be a Physicist by watching Michio Kaku's YouTube videos.So, ASU, I kiss you goodbye. I hope a giant sinkhole takes you out so you can stop robbing students blind for the absolutely sh*tty education you offer. Parking & Transit Services, you are NAZIS. I hope you all BURN. I don't own a f-ing car and have never driven to campus. I hope you enjoyed the $700 in parking tickets you irreversibly "linked" to me though some obscure family member I haven't met since I was 2 since I "HAD TO BE THE ONLY ONE AT ASU WHO WOULD DRIVE IT." F*CK YOU. I'm still considering suing your ass blind as a parting gift.To: Sallie Mae, the Brown Family, Coca Cola, the Federal Government, the National Merit Honors Scholarship people, Phi Theta Kappa, and anyone else who gave me a scholarship or grant... Thanks for the spending money each semester. My cat, Domino, really enjoyed all the cool stuff he got from my proceeds, too... I'm sure he would thank you if he'd ever learn to speak. As for the tuition part, I AM SO, SO, SO FREAKING SORRY.Thanks for the memories!-Jessica
5	Best four years of my life.I graduated with my bachelor of science in marketing and my bachelor of science in management.  I also got my international business certificate, all through the WP Carey School of Business at ASU.  Thanks to many generous scholarships and many different class schedule options I not only graduated in four years but also graduated with honors and graduated from the Barrett Honors College after completing my senior thesis. I love the professors, the campus, the weather, the convenient location.  Honestly you will be hard up to find someone more enthusiastic about ASU :)  There are so many different opportunities and choices, the sky is the limit.  I was extremely involved with extra-curricular activities offered through the university, I never was bored.Thank you Arizona State for a wonderful college experience.  I can't wait to come back for my MBA!
2	My four years at Arizona State University (2003-2007) were some of the most interesting times of my life - during this time I made some amazing friends, grew tremendously as a person, and even spent about three years working for the University (and absolutely loving it for the most part). Why then, might you wonder, am I giving ASU such a low rating?Simple.The quality of education is lacking at best, and laughable at worst. Granted, my experience is going to be different than someone who majored in the hard sciences, law, business, engineering, or any of Michael Crow's other pet projects. I had the misfortune of dual-majoring in Psychology and Women's Studies, both areas of study that fall under the Liberal Arts. The University, by the way, refused to confer my Women's Studies degree because the numerous advisers I met with neglected to tell me that I had missed the cutoff deadline by about a semester. So, despite doing all the work and finishing my thesis, I was awarded a minor, alongside an invitation to take fifteen completely unnecessary credits to get my second degree. When translated to cold, hard, cash, that comes out to the tune of ~$9,000. In the end I decided to forget about the second major - an undergraduate degree in the Liberal Arts from ASU isn't worth the paper it's printed on. Do not take this to mean however, that good professors don't exist - I've met plenty of fantastic professors during my time at ASU, but I also saw a number of them leave, disgusted by Crow's vision for the college. As an employee, I got to see the ASU that a lot of students don't - I had the opportunity to talk to many professors at staff meet and greets who simply couldn't deal with what they'd come to refer to as "bureaucratic bull****". I've talked to no less than half a dozen professors who left, tired of frustrating tenure requirements, narrow minded research-oriented policies, and uneven allocation of educational funding. So, really, it's not just the students-at-large that are treated like second-class citizens at the university. The teachers present get their fair share of abuse too. In addition to the education, there are a host of other things wrong with ASU - astronomical parking prices, overemphasis on new dorms, mandatory meal plans (for on-campus students anyway), and terrible student/alumni support, to name a few. Make no mistake about it. Michael Crow's ASU couldn't care less about the quality of education that you receive at this "university". If you want to get the best education your money get get you, look elsewhere.
4	Lots of fun. A lot of people and a bunch of things to do. I would recommend going to an ASU game. Any game. It makes your experience  there so much better.
1	Schools with too many students, not enough help from school.My son was told right before he needed to select his classes, that he needed to "apply" for honors college seperately from ASU admission & it's too late to do so.So, even though he has National Finalist Award, he has been locked out of all the honors classes.The "housing" office asked us proof of our residency with application; copy of this & that, just to exampt from mandatory dorm living, even though the school has all our address & residency status papers on file..
1	My problem is with their undergraduate admissions dept. I had sent $2 for a transcript request to my high school, not to mention rude service from them, to get me off this financial hold. Today, I had spoken with a rep from ASU undergraduate, and she was rude. I have asked her to speak with the person that deals with the actual PO Box that receives the transcripts, and she asked me, "why?" I had told her that My school had sent the paperwork, she had told me that there's nothing they could do. I think that this college want me to pay out of pocket instead of receiving financial aid. Im tired of playing these games. I had thought that ASU had a good reputation.
1	I am pissed after finding out that ASU had cancelled my financial aid that was supposed to be disbursed to my account to pay for the classes. I had to do a chat with the financial aid rep to find out why the funds is not on hold and did not pay for the charges that is sitting in my account. He had told me that the aid was cancelled since I had used funds from another school, which I have withdrawn from and they were well aware of this since I had submitted the mid-transfer form that was required to receive financial aid. I didnt receive an email from the school nor a letter in the mail telling me why. The rep then told me that they are still finding out what aid I qualify for.. I had told them that I cannot pay for the tuition charges in my account that is supposed to be due on Jan 25th and that Im cancelling classes. All he said was no and I had closed the chat window. ASU is well known and I cannot believe they are being incompetent.
1	I had received an email from a student retention telling me that I still owe money for the time that I had taken classes (two weeks) although these fools canceled my financial aid. I will sue this school if they even attempt to collect money from me and I have withdrawn from the classes on the right time, but this rep. told me that the withdrawal period was Jan. 11.
1	I have had an absolutely terrible experience with every aspect of ASU. Everytime I try and call to get help the people in the offices are not only annoyed that they have to help you, they are rude, and don't know what they are talking about. And those that DO know what you should do are too lazy to try and help you fix the mistake. I was given the wrong phone number for an advisor (complete accident). Then the woman "helping me" told me that I had a completely different number and person, but said "but you know what, it's no big deal." I wait 2 weeks to be fit into the schedule only to call for my appointment and find out that yes, actually, it is a very big deal, and I was set back another month, all because the girl was too lazy to look up another number. This is just one very simple example of the type of people I have found at this institution. There have been MANY instances that have happened that have brought me to write this review, but I don't want to be here all day. I just wanted to advice anyone out there looking for a school to DO WHATEVER YOU CAN TO NOT ATTEND ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY. Rude people, terrible service, no help... I could go on and on. Unfortunately, this website will not allow me to give this anything less than 1 star. It is very undeserving, even of that one star. In conclusion, the award for most worthless, incompetent, POS institution on earth: congratulations Arizona State University.
5	There are 3 choices at ASU for game design. Which one you choose depends on why you want to study game design.1. Polytechnic = Games are an engineering problem. If you are interested in the engineering of games - go there. The college of technology and innovation http://interactive.asu.edu/?q=hom2. Tempe = Games for (Education, Medical, Legal etc) They are closely tied with the education department and the Games for Impact initiative. http://cidse.engineering.asu.edu/3. West = Games as Art (Fine Art) If you want to explore games as a medium and art form this is where you want to go. You can either get a BA -http://newcollege.asu.edu/harcs/degrees/majors/interdisciplinary-arts-and-performance-program or a BS http://newcollege.asu.edu/mns/degrees/computing/applied-computing-program
5	I'm a senior at ASU. I'm about to graduate with my degree in Finance. I think in the past 4 years, I've grown so much and gained some incredibly marketable skills. I've started applying for jobs and have multiple job opportunities. I had fun while in college, but not too much. I'm glad I chose ASU. I would suggest ASU to anyone.
4	Beautiful Campus
5	I love this school!
4	Ah, ASU. Quite a breath of fresh air in comparison to my last college, but that isn't saying much considering my former alma mater was a total clusterf*ck of bad transit busses, frat kid vomit, and overcrowded classes... but that, my friends, is another story for another time.I'm an online attendee of ASU, so this should help the prospective online sun devils more than those considering traditional classes. THE GOOD----------------Generally, instructors are friendly & competent... But for the sake of all that is holy, LOOK INTO your professors out before you sign up for anything. It takes two seconds and keeps you out of the classes of the mouth-breathers and mumblers.Despite the reputation of being "everybody's backup school", the curriculum is still challenging. At the same time, however, there are lots of gen-ed options, so you aren't ever stuck in a class you'd sh*t your pants to get out of. As a side note... I would attend traditional classes if you're used to the slower pace of the brick-and-mortar format. Unless you're self directed and at least one person has accused you of being annoyingly hyper-organized, you might be better off on campus.The financial aid is pretty rad. If you get a joke of an offer at first, then petition, petition, petition. It works - my aid was almost doubled at the first go.THE BAD-------------ASU Online pays massive amounts for online ad space - if you start attending, expect a basquillion ASU advertisements where you once saw ads for erectile dysfunction and bad coupon sites.There's no getting around it - your degree WILL be cheaper somewhere else, and previous coursework outside of Arizona doesn't transfer especially well. In-state tuition is around 4800 per semester for 12 hours. Online is something to the tune of 5300.Lastly, there are some ultra super fabulous advisors, and there are some complete air-heads. Proceed with caution - if you get a weirdo, see if you can't talk to someone else who handles the department you fall into.Good luck!
4	I like this school a lot, but they made the WUE tuition sound so cheap and it is NOT. $12k/semester is not cheap... anywhere hahaSo if you're an AZ resident or come from money, you're golden!Or just live in AZ for a year to establish residency and then apply for the semester after your year is complete so you can get the resident tuition which is MUCH cheaper.I go to Tempe and West, and both campuses are cool!I would definitely recommend because the school is rad and I've liked all of my professors so far!
1	ASU is not so much a university as it is a giant diploma factory for dumb kids.  I had great high school grades and SAT's, but went here anyway because tuition is fairly cheap for Arizona residents.  What a mistake!  If you have half a brain, choose someplace else.
5	Great school. ASU truly strives to be a world-class university, and they are really serious about being a leader in "the technology of tomorrow," especially in biotechnology. While not strictly a tech school, I wouldn't be surprised if ASU was directly involved in the transhumanism movement that is already upon us.
1	This school is full of stuffy politically incorrect coaches. I am speaking football. My son recently tried out for their football team and showed enough talent that the coaches spoke to him one on one. He hung out with the wrong people and got into trouble which is why he moved away and came to this school for new hope. He worked out 2-3 times a day, studied drills for his position every minute he wasn't studying and then came the day you found out of you made the team. He was not listed. Why, because they did not want to " take a chance with his off the field" actions Nothing to do with him being 110 capable to do the job. We are now looking into transferring into another school. How Ironic would it be to play against a team who didnt want take a chance...Thanks ASU coaches for the motivation!!
4	music hall is perfect!
3	The professors I've had have been amazing. My advisors and everyone in my major's department have been helpful as well. But the rest of ASU isn't that great. I keep running into issues and employees that aren't as friendly. If I didn't have to deal with anyone outside of professors and my department, ASU would be the best.
1	I'm a parent, which carries no weight with ASU at all.  I almost never get situations resolved to my satisfaction.  I'm trying to get these 2 issues taken care of in the next 5 days, but don't have high hopes for a good outcome:2:15 pm.  No response.  I called Michael Crow's number and asked for the email address of his assistant.  I asked if the assistant was in, and was told no.  I asked for the email address of the person I was speaking to.I had to call back and get the correct email address for the assistant because the email didn't go through:Sent: Monday, May 06, 2013 2:15 PMTo: Michael.Crow@asu.eduCc: 'joyce.smith.eram@asu.edu'; 'margogrw@asu.edu'Subject: RE: Parent of a graduating student needs help with these 2 issues - please acknowledge2nd emailI don't see an acknowledgement in my inbox, so I'm copying a couple of people in.Hoping for some good news.8:55 am:I emailed Michael Crow (because you'll see what happened when I used online chat (see the end of this)Issue #1:Graduation for my daughter is this friday at 12:30 pm at the stadium at tempe.  (Name removed) grandfather is 90 years old and never leaves home except for dr appointments.  He wants to attend the ceremony, but can't stay for several hours. I've been told the doors close at 12 noon and no one is allowed in after.  We don't have a wheelchair, and walking a great distance from a car that's not parked close by to the stadium and up and down stairs is impossible.   We would like to bring him 20 minutes before her name is called and then leave right after - is this possible?  This means parking very close worrying about being ticketed/towed.  We would be leaving before the ceremony offically ends so we're not stuck in traffic.  Issue #2:The year on my daughter's tassel is 2012, but she's graduating in 2013 - how can she get the correct year?Online Chat (8:00 am approx):You are number 1 in the Queue. Please wait while we connect you to a Human Resources Specialist. Your wait time will be approximately 8 minute(s) and 21 seconds.All Human Resources Specialists are currently assisting others. Your are number 1 in the Queue. Your wait time will be approximately 6 minute(s) and 41 seconds.Thanks for your patience. A Human Resources Specialist will be with you shortly, or if you cannot wait, either submit a ticket or contact telephone support. All Human Resources Specialists are currently assisting others. Your are number 1 in the Queue. Your wait time will be approximately 5 minute(s) and 1 seconds.Thanks for your patience. A Human Resources Specialist will be with you shortly, or if you cannot wait, either submit a ticket or contact telephone support. All Human Resources Specialists are currently assisting others. Your are number 1 in the Queue. Your wait time will be approximately 2 minute(s) and 50 seconds.Thanks for your patience. A Human Resources Specialist will be with you shortly, or if you cannot wait, either submit a ticket or contact telephone support. All Human Resources Specialists are currently assisting others. Your are number 1 in the Queue. Your wait time will be approximately 2 minute(s) and 11 seconds.Thanks for your patience. A Human Resources Specialist will be with you shortly, or if you cannot wait, either submit a ticket or contact telephone support. You are not currently in a chat session.All Human Resources Specialists are currently assisting others. Your are number 1 in the Queue. Your wait time will be approximately 2 minute(s) and 11 seconds.Thanks for your patience. A Human Resources Specialist will be with you shortly, or if you cannot wait, either submit a ticket or contact telephone support. Hello, my name is Josette. I am currently reviewing the information that you have provided, please give me a minute to complete this.Josette: Hello, how may I assist you?karen: Who can I talk to so that (Name removed) granddad can attend graduation?karen: A separate issue is that the year on her tassel says 2012, but she;s graduating in 2013 - how can she get the correct year?Josette: This is the office of human resources for employees. You will need to contact the admissions office for students at 480-965-7788.karen: I'll tell you right now that I don't have high hopes for getting either of these issues resolved satisfactorilykaren: I'm hoping you'll give me the name of a person, not a phone number to people who can't do anything and don't carekaren: Can you give me the name of a dean, someone in authority?Josette: I can research the website for a dean's number.karen: okJosette: I'm sorry for the delay. I'll be right with you.
5	I graduated from ASU and I loved it.
3	It's a decent in state university, know tons of guys coming in and out no problem. Most of them have finished three year degrees and such because it's that manageable at ASU if you're on top of your game.If you live in state, there are so many opportunities for scholarships, it's basically a free ride if you can get into one of them. After that, it's like any other university - gotta shift through the good and bad professors through word of mouth.ASU is kind of known as the party school, but the business school is pretty strong here. Given the price you're paying as a resident, ASU is not a bad choice for furthering your education.
5	After visiting many schools on both the east and west coasts, ASU is the best hands down. I'm a Business major, and my decision to go to ASU was influenced by W.P. Carey, which is in the top 25 Business Schools in the country! ASU also has such pride and spirit towards its academics and athletics. You can feel the spirit when you walk through campus and see everyone wearing their fraternity/sorority letters, or maroon/gold on game days! There are tons of great organizations to join no matter what you're interested in! I love perfecting my business skills and working on producing concerts, so I joined a Professional Business Fraternity (Delta Sigma Pi) and the Programming and Activities Board! ASU has such a wide variety of students that it's easy to find your niche!
5	Ranked #1 up-and-coming school! One of the top universities in the world according to several rankings. ASU is well on its way to become the leading institution in terms of sustainability knowledge-creation.
1	Not worth it, bad crowds, worse professors, and they don't know how to work a thermostat.
1	Wish I could give ASU a lower rating but YELP doesn't offer that option. Where to begin; let's start with ASU stealing money. I was taking my second term of ASU's "compressed"  classes and had to drop one after one week of class. I dropped it, expecting to get the remainder of my loan money to apply toward the next semester. NOPE!!!! ASU, because they consider the "last drop date" to be the date applied to full semester classes and don't take into account for the compressed classes, kept over $800 of my loan money. When I talked to the finance department, the brain stem that I talked to was completely rude and refused to let me speak to their supervisor or appeal to higher authority. The next issue involves the requirements that ASU requires you have for a degree. I transferred in with 90 units, but could only transfer in with 60, so I had 60 to complete. When all was said and done, I had met the requirements for my degree, 120 units. But still had 9 ELECTIVE units. Does ASU allow me to apply the remaining 30 transfer units toward these 9 units?! Funk no! My academic "advisor" said "these elective units are there to help make you a better critical thinker." So my career in the army, my employment as a lab tech and the 90 units that I transferred in with some how didn't impart to me the ability to think critically?! ASU is nothing more than a diploma mill, interested in making more money for the university rather than taking care of their students and preparing them for the work force. I am no contemplating getting my masters degree but it most certainly won't be from ASU.
1	ASU online is a SCAM! The advisors are lazy, the registration department is unorganized. They don't document things as they should. They don't return phone calls as they should and when you call them out they b/s and say "your phone number on file is wrong...." or "is this your number...." and read the WRONG number... i literally had that happen to me more than 2 times and EVERY TIME I updated the number but somehow it ended up being "wrong" AGAIN! They make mistakes and don't take responsibility for them.. somehow it's always the students fault. They register classes on your behalf WITHOUT you knowing.... then expect you to pay for it. If you don't, they send it to collections. if I could honestly give ASU a lower rating I WOULD! THINK TWICE BEFORE APPLYING TO THIS SCHOOL!!! Horrible... horrible... horrible. It's more a business than a university. At the end of the day all they care about is your money.
5	During our 4 day trip we met a lot of people- and a lot of those diverse amount of people went to college here and continued to live in the area. Beautiful campus! We walked around on Sunday morning and ran into a martial arts class and student activities occurring outside. Beautiful sculptures, gardens, and pathways. It's one of those must do's if you are visiting the area considering it's the highlight of the town. I'm glad that we did the walk and took pictures.
4	This review is solely off of the bookstores because my experienced as a student here were awful. I LOVE the amount of resources here. As a masters student at another school, I still come here to do research due to the sheer amount of books available to students.As an alumnus, it is GARBAGE that we have to pay RIDICULOUSLY inflated alumni fees to even check out a book. That is why it lost a star.
1	I haven't even been registered to this school yet and know one knows anything and can't help me! I don't understand what's with a $65 application fee, which is ridiculous you're already going to be paying thousands of dollars anyways why another 65?? Goodness and the fact no one can tell me anything about what classes I can take at my community college that can transfer over! They keep saying looking at the map or the layout which I did but it doesn't say anything and it's not specific then they want me to wait couple months before I speak to an academic counselor! They can't guarantee that your credits will transfer until you pay the 65$ fee! What a rip off! I'm seriously second guessing this school!
1	I would love to tell you what ASU Online is like but I can't since after five months, I'm still not enrolled. I wish I was making that up but I applied (and paid $65 dollars) back in November of 2013. Ordered all my transcripts and they lost two of them. Since they take forever to review your transcripts it took forever for them to finally admit maybe I should order them again. Ordered them again but this time had them sent to me and then *I* sent them to them with proof of delivery and somehow they magically got them and accepted them (that last part is important and you'll soon understand why). I'm waiting to find out if the bulk of my classes will transfer when they decide they want two additional transcripts for two random foreign language classes I took (Keep in mind, I just want to know if the bulk of my classes will transfer so I can decide IF I want to go to their school). I order those two transcripts, again have them sent to me, and again mail them to ASU on with delivery receipt. It was confirmed they received them on 2/28/14 but they tell my enrollment person that they were received on 3/14/14. They were sent priority mail. Fast forward one month later and I email them again for an update (because God forbid they make the effort) and my NEW enrollment counselor tells me the transcripts weren't accepted because I mailed them. They were unopened official transcripts. Keep in mind the last batch I sent as noted above were exactly the same AND accepted. What makes this batch of transcripts different from the last batch? And why is it if they were not accepted, no one emailed me to tell me? Well, your answer is as good as mine as I'm still waiting for an answer. For as expensive as these classes are (and they ARE expensive), you'd think they'd be chomping at the bit to get me enrolled. Well, three strikes and you're out ASU. I'm just going to go back to my old school and finish out my degree there.
3	Where all the parties at ASU?! Haha jk!!!!I Moved to Arizona from Cali and decided to apply to asu and like So many other out of state students; got accepted into the school. I visited this campus location which is luckily near my house and I gotta say, I like what I see! Everyone is super friendly and helpful. Extremely helpful! Although i got lost 100 times here, there will always be someone guiding u through the dust storms and heat! :)WARNING: I'm about to get ghetto! My only complaint is the people/staff/students working at the student ID department. Excuse my language, but You guys suck terribly! Rude rude rude!!!! Well I've never experience such rudeness from older staff and students who are getting paid at the school to help students by just issuing Picture IDs. If you guys close at 5 or whatever, and the clock says I still got 10 minutes until 5, then god dammit, Ur gonna give me my ID! Don't try to stare me down or hiss at me to come back tomorrow! You guys suck! Thanks to your epic ugly attitudes my ASU student ID looks like I'm about to choke a bish! And I like to smile! You guys ruined everything! I should've complained to your supervisor but I had only 10 minutes and rather get my ID!! SMH! Anyyyyyywayyyysss.. Bish don't kill my vibe....Other then that and the random dust-storms!!...This school is awesome!
1	Counselor's never respond. They are very unhelpful and don't care about registration deadlines. I have 2 days to register and they haven't removed a hold even though I have been trying to contact them for 2 weeks and I did everything my contract said I needed to do and forwarded them all that information.
1	ASU wants all the money you have and more. Watch out for the parking patrol.  They will issue you a citation regardless of circumstances.I wouldn't be going here if it weren't for my classes.
1	Worst professors. All the professors I have had dont care about how their students do in their course. u of a was much better for me personally. I've dropped classes here because I didn't feel like I was receiving any help that I needed.
5	Harvard on the Salt.
4	Great campus, love milling around campus and mill avenue.
3	This review is STRICTLY for campus navigation and aesthetics, not quality of education or daily life and living.At night the student union area has huge lights that shift from green to blue, etc. which is nice.It's not too hard to find your way around campus, even if you're new.But the student union is closed before 9 p.m. which is pathetic compared to other schools.It's an okay looking campus and the buildings right next to some 'mountains' are interesting but it seems kinda cramped.Believe it or not, it's better looking than Stanford but not as nice as Iowa State U. or as convenient as George Mason University.Will update this once I get more relevant experience with the quality of education offered.
5	Every time that I visit this area, I get more & more amazed on how beautiful this campus looks as well as what it has to offer. Although I can easily pursue a doctoral degree here (I don't need a Phd as of yet), ASU-Tempe would be a considerable choice based on its educational background, location and ultimate appeal to those that aren't local to the Phoenix. And besides, I really enjoy hiking "A" mountain, which is adjacent to SunDevil Stadium as well as the abandoned mill next door. I'm definitely coming back here. UA in Tucson isn't as comparable. Love y'all SunDevils!
