4	Have ate there quite a few times love the Greek salad and always get the works pizza!! Never have been disappointed and my husband likes it too
4	Finally, a pizza place that satisfies the individual pizza taste buds of my family! We ordered the Rocky's Philly Steak Pizza along with a cheese pizza and both were delicious! Everyone left happy.
4	We have been here a few times for eating in.  Last Friday, we order 3 large pizzas togo.  Eating in and ordering togo has both been good experiences.  Pizzas are HOT and fully of flavor.  YUM!
4	Pros : Great Pizza, food, Service, and AtmoshphereCons: Pricey with no combo of pizza & wings specialsYou can tell their management team is very expirienced.well deserved 4 stars and worth a try.
5	NYPD delivered food to our hotel for our wedding weekend pool party, and they supplied everything, from the ice and drinks, to food, to utensils and plates. We were so grateful for their awesome customer service. We were fans prior to our catering needs: the food is always fresh, the staff is top notch, and their pizza is a little taste of (East Coast) home for me.
4	My last update was in 2010 so I figure I do a re-review.  We came here to celebrate my husband's birthday lunch.  The place was pretty packed for lunch but the service was still great.  I ordered a personal pizza Brooklyn Family style (pepperoni, sausage and fresh basil).  WOW, it was so so GOOD but a little pricey for a 10" pizza.  Everyone else enjoyed their food too.  We had a great time!
3	First time I came here I got a calzone. Didn't like it cause it had ricotta cheese. I was not used to that. Next I tried the pizza and I love the Brooklyn pizza. Also tried the pasta these were ok not bad not great. Do like that fact they are a Pepsi affiliate restaurant. And the family all LOVES the zeppolis.
2	Here on a business trip and saw the ad in the hotel room.   Pizza was ok at best. A little pricey for average pizza.
3	Food is very good. Only reason I don't give more stars is the price!!!
5	Great pizza, if you like thin crust...which I do!
5	Their pizza is the best I've tasted.  Their prices are slightly high, but it's worth it the pizza and pasta is so good.  Make sure to save room for the zeppolies (sp).... They are to die for.  My favorite is the raspberry sauce.
3	Average NY Style pizza.  Delivery time was an hour.It's not great nor is it memorable but it's not bad either.Slightly better than Dominos.
5	Fresh gluten-free pizza AND apps? Where do I sign up?At NYPD Pizza, that's where! We had to try it all, so we started with the Broadway Bruschetta and the Spinach Artichoke Dip. Both marvelous. They don't serve it with bread but with crisp squares of their gluten-free thin pizza dough; tastes like flatbread to me. The pizza itself was also great. The ingredients were fresh and although I'm pretty sure the dough wasn't made in-store (else why offer only one size?), it didn't have the tell-tale little factory marks of a mass-produced, frozen GF crust. They also prepare GF items in a dedicated oven, which is important for people with Celiac Disease who must avoid cross-contamination.
1	Stopped by this weekend with my heart set on gluten-free bruschetta and pizza, and they didn't have any gluten-free products available. When you offer a service that nobody else does, it's important to actually offer the service. Very disappointed.
4	Great food!!!  Good lunch specials.
5	In the time since I sadly had to give NYPD pizza a single star for not having any gluten-free products available upon my visit, I've been twice more. Both times, as on my first visit, the food and service were outstanding. I was also contacted by two members of management who were very apologetic about running out of GF items and who offered me a gift certificate for the inconvenience. I didn't accept it because I wanted my follow-up review to be untainted by the spectre of paid advertisement, but it was very nice of them to offer.
2	Service was good, and the place is definitely plenty nice for a chain.  That said, the pizza isn't very good.
4	I don't know about it's authenticity as a "New York pizza restaurant" but the food is pretty good and so is the service.  I thought the Sicilian pizza was a little on the expensive side ($19 for half which came out to about 6 square slices) but I haven't had Sicilian pizza enough times to know if the price is par with other places.
4	NY style pie on the in the West ValleyMore of a Chicago-style pizza family, but we like NYPD Pizza.  Setting is an open, loud restaurant.  Ordering is quick, drinks arrive quickly, and the service is upbeat.  Pizza is actually very good-- too often, NY-style places are super oily and lack interesting flavor.  These folks don't commit those sins and you can taste your toppings.Very good for groups.  Price is a tad high for pizza compared to the big chains.  All prices are going up these day though, and this is much better than a Pizza Hut, Domino's, or Pappa John's.
3	My husband likes the pizza. I ordered pasta primavera. Tasted very fresh however it had no real flavor. Since we carried out it doctored myself.
4	my wife and i went there last week and it was really good food and great service and love the new york decor
5	My family goes here almost once a week and we love it. The staff is super friendly and nice to our young son. I love all their salads and my picky pizza eater husband loves their pizza.
5	Great pizza, we ordered Margerita and Bruschetta and both were very good. Nice crust, big slices, very nice restaurant and the inside, friendly staff.
3	Got the 10" pete-zer with all the veggies and meats (Minus Anchovies) it was very good. I came for dinner it was a little pricey for the size of the pie. But their lunch specials blows the competition away with the all you can eat 1 topping slices.
2	Ordered the Italian Wedding Soup, and the Italian Sausage+Peppers a la Vodka.  Both were extremely underwhelming.The soup was almost bitter, an overpowering celery flavor destroyed any attempt to enjoy it.  Also of note, as a result of this it tasted nothing like any Italian wedding soup I've ever had.  This is further reinforced by it's complete lack of any meatballs (a staple in this soup, under all circumstances).  The pasta was dry (lacking sauce), and a little mushy (the bad, way overcooked kind of mushy).  The sausage in the pasta, however, was outstanding.  The sauce needs to be thickened and the pasta cooked correctly so they adhere to one another.  The absolutely overwhelming amount of basil(?) placed on top of the pasta - I assume for decoration - was also a gigantic turnoff.  Nobody wants to open a vodka/pasta dish and see 3/4 of the surface green - it was just ridiculous.We'll try them, and review them, again.  But these are two pretty basic staples that unfortunately fell very short of even "I haven't eaten all day, I just want food" expectations.
4	I went during a quiet time with my boys. I have never had New York pizza before all I knew was that it was thin crust. We ordered the garlic cheese knots and my boys loved it and I thought it was good. We ordered the large works pizza and the wait was less than expected. My boys filled up on garlic cheese knots and my wife was at work so it was up to me to be the taste tester. In the spirit of full disclosure I do not like thin crust pizza, it started because I do no like how greasy they are. The pizza was nice though, it wasnt greasy at all. The ingredients were fresh, I really enjoyed that. The employees were helpful and friendly.  I apologize to the waitress because I forgot your name. You were great. One of my kids was getting antsy and the waitress did I great job distracting them. The 4th star was given by my wife who ate the leftovers, she loved it. If the cost was less it would be getting 5 stars.
2	I have enjoyed this pizza before here & in Surprise the service had been good until last time me and my family went we waited there for 40 minutes dine in of course and no pizza finally a manager noticed we were waiting there and came up and just said sorry; we forgot your pizza, I feel we were discriminated because we were the only Hispanics there.... Anyways I still left the tip and just told them to box it up I was going  home by the way the pizza was free but was not worth the 40 minute wait:-(
4	This place has great lunch specials! I have never been disappointed in the pizza here!  Tons of toppings on my fave...Joey's favorite (minus the onions). Their antipasto is to die for with tons of flavor and endless goodness!My boyfriend loved the pizza and the wings!
4	Great salads and pizza! We went Saturday mostly families and it was not to busy they have a good salad selection and we felt the pizza was reasonable priced.We had never had thin crust pizza before, it was good the toppings were all at the center which I didn't like that but the crust was good.
2	The Pizza was delicious, however ordered delivery and after 1 hour and NO SHOW, I called and they said they had delivered it to me already, NOT. After the second hour I got my Pizza. Didn't appreciate them accusing me of telling a lie to get a free pizza. The nerve. When the delivery guy finally showed up he admitted to me that he gave my Pizza to the wrong address but they paid for it?? Nobody from NYPD called to apologize for the mix up and calling me a liar. The person on the phone said and I quote, "we have to look out for people that lie to get free pizzas" BTW, I paid for my Pizza (gladly) and so did the person who got my first order.Don't order delivery and you will be just fine.Maybe they should get GPS instead of upsetting customers.   Does that sound like good business?
4	Ordered the Brooklyn Family pizza. Was delicious! My first time ordering here. Would definitely come back and try another one.Oh, and they finished my order rather quickly. Ordered on a Friday night. Was told it would be 23-35 minutes. Came 5 minutes early, hoping it would be done. And yes it was!
5	This is one of my favorite pizza places in the west valley.  Been here a couple of times getting 2 slices.  I enjoy the NY decor here as well.  Went here last year for Christmas.  Tonight I'm trying the location in downtown phoenix on McDowell.  Waiting for my friend who is running late.
5	Great pizza loved they split the pizza into 2 choices. Service was great waiter Andre was very well versed on the menu and loves his products. He sampled me beer at no charge and the in house brews wear very good fresh with nice full body flavors. I would come again.
4	Went and ate in about a week ago the place is nice and clean  ,the pizza was delicious but the only thing I didn't like was there drinks do taste a little wierd
5	My wife and I love the pizza dough at NYPD. You can't go wrong with Vinny's Favorite. You choose your five favorite toppings. We usually go with pepperoni, italian sausage, ham, roma tomatoes and basil. Go ahead and order the upstate wings and salad before you order your pie because it takes around 20 minutes for the pizza to finish cooking. If you still have room, order the San Gennaro Zeppolis. They are covered in powdered sugar and are served with chocolate and raspberry sauces. I'm pretty sure I gained 5 lbs writing this review.
3	I run by for a slice here about once a week but I need to stop that. I just do not think it should take more than 5 minutes and it usually takes closer to 10! (Even when they are not busy.) I am never disappointed when I stay and get a table but sometimes I don't have time for that.
4	My brother introduced me to this pizza joint.  The service and the food is phenomenal.    The atmosphere is great.  Our new go to place for Friday family pizza night!  FYI- you have to try their Fall Harvest salad and Fran's favorite pizza.  So yummy!
4	These guys do a GREAT gluten free pizza. Always friendly, fast service. I get pizza here every time I come to AZ for work. Keep it up!
1	Came here on a groupon, food was good at the time, and service was mediocre. Server was polite but had to ask for plates/ napkins , refills, and the dressing we ordered with our wings. We were nearly done with the wings by time I got the dressing. If I would've waited for the dressing the wings would've been ice cold.Unfortunately after eating here my family and I became very sick and have been for several days. And this was the only place we all ate at in common. Will probably never return here to this location and throw away the other $20 groupon voucher.
2	The pizza was ok. The garlic knots were dinner rolls. The hero sandwich was decent at least it had cappy on it.  But overall a bit disappointed when the service was the best part of the meal. And she was nice..
5	I've been searching for an arugula and prosciutto pizza like I had in New York a few months ago. And while they did not have the exact thing I've been searching for, they do have the SOHO Salad Pizza, and in a word it was...AMAZING. I asked them to make it without the dressing and just toss the mixed greens in olive oil instead, and I had to hold the nuts because of an allergy, but it was fresh, flavorful and very satisfying. The large is definitely enough to share and was under $10. The staff was super helpful, informative and friendly. This was my first visit, but it will not be my last!
5	Love everything from the salad to the Hell's Kitchen wings and the best pizza. Ordering take out is a breeze and dining in is great too. A little bit pricey but superior quality. They have a good happy hour too!
5	Never disappointed when I come here.  Excellent pizza with the freshest ingredients.  Highly recommend the garlic knots!  Food is always ready when quoted for take out.  Service is great, very friendly and helpful staff!
4	Met some friends for Pizza Friday Night. This place gets very crowded so plan accordingly. Our table ordered garlic knots, 2 mediums and one Gluten Free Pizza. We were told the pizzas are handmade so expect 30 minute wait. It only took about 20 minutes have piping hot pizza delivered to the table. Everyone enjoyed the pizza and knots (although they were more rolls then knots).We all ordered desert, again very tasty, but took close to a half hour to be delivered to the table! That wait seemed a bit excessive. The waitress was helpful and polite but we hardly saw her.Celiac ReviewI called NYPD the morning before we planned on dining eating there. I spoke with the manager and she told me that the Gluten Free pizza is cooked in a separate oven, they use separate utensils, and that all but a few of their toppings were gluten free (meatball, fried zucchini, and breaded chicken). She made sure to tell me that they do use flour in their kitchen and although they are trained and can handle Gluten Free requests there they call there pizza "gluten sensitive". When we arrived at the restaurant I spoke to the waitress about my gluten free needs and she sounded well trained in the requests. I ordered a pizza with several meat and veggie toppings. When delivered to the table it looked good but it had to be sent back to be cooked a bit more. The crust was tasty but very crumbly. I suggest ordering the gluten free pizza well done as that seemed to firm up the crust a bit. Not too bad for a then crispy crust.I also ordered the GF chocolate "cake". It's exactly like the chocolate dome from PF Changs but served warm chocolate sauce on it. DON'T EAT THE ICE CREAM. I found out that they use shamrock vanilla ice-cream and shamrock lists restaurant packed vanilla ice-cream as one of their non-gf items. The manager worked with me on this even went as far as brining the tub of ice-cream out. They remade my desert without ice-cream and even took it off the bill (very nice of them but unnecessary). In the end I didn't get sick and the food was good. We will go back again!
4	My family and I have been here once and I'm sure it won't be the last time. The service was great. Our waitress was very attentive and nice. We happen to go a night where kids eat free so that was a bonus. The  Caesar salad is was good and we ordered a Hawaiian style pizza. I liked it. Not the best I've ever had but over all a good experience and we will return.
4	The soho salad is awesome and pizza is great. It's priced a bit higher than most pizza places (minus 1 star), but we continue to go because it is so much better than others. I think I could eat the soho salad every day!
4	The delivery:      The employee was friendly and helpful.  It was my first time ordering from them, so I needed some advice. They're was a slight issue with getting one of the pizzas wrong. Not a missing topping but the entire wrong ordered pizza.  So it took it down from 5 to 4 stars.    The manager was quick to apologize and handle the issue.  After the offer of a refund or re-delivery. I just opted for the refund.  Now to The pizza!!   It was good  the buffalo chicken that I got on mistake was rather good. Tastefully spicy and tangy. Just like you would expect it to be.   Not overly spicy. Done pretty well.   And the works pizza.   Was very good.  Nice fresh toppings on both. The size of the pizza was well done.  Good crust you can tell someone put some time and care into  making the good.    However pricy makes it hard at a little more than 20.00 a pizza.    Is the largest draw back.  With only specials on like two days a week makes it hard to not order at least once. A week.   All in all.  It is the best pizza I have had in Arizona.. Good job guys
4	We were driving around looking for a place to have a late dinner Saturday night.  We decided to go to NYPD Pizza, but didn't realize they closed at 10pm (figured they were open until 11pm).  We got there at about 9:40pm, and were promptly seated.  The place was practically empty, two tables looked like they were just finishing.  However, our server, Dominic, never made us feel rushed at all.  We ordered 2 ice teas, which he brought over quickly.  We ordered some garlic knots, which were delicious!  They could've had a bit more garlicky-ness, but even so, they were really good.I ordered the lasagna, which came in a baking dish, oozing with sauce and melted cheese.  It was amazing!  The portion didn't look too big, but it was incredibly filling.  The big chunks of sausage/meatballs really made it for me.  I like lotsa meat, and this satisfied in every way.  Plus, the cheese was gooey and...yummy!!!Hubby went with the 14" pizza, just cheese.  When it was brought to the table, Dominic asked if it was too burnt.  It was a bit charred in the middle of the top, but not on the bottom.  He actually asked if my hubby wanted another pizza made.  But, he likes it that way.  And, said it didn't taste charred at all.  He loved it, and ate a little more than half (took the rest home).My hubby's also a sucker for a good cheesecake, so since he was so stuffed, ordered a caramel sauced one to go.I have to add, we do like to eat late, and lots of times we're the last ones in a restaurant.  Most of the time, we're getting the evil-eye, while the staff start cleaning up around us.  But, here, we never felt like we were bothering anyone.  Our waiter was on point with refills and making sure everything was alright.  And, no one was sweeping up next to our table, making us feel like we were in the way.  This is the way to treat people, and next time, we'll make sure to get there a little earlier.  And, I must say...there will be a next time!
4	NYPD Never DisappointsOn every visit to NYPD I am seated promptly and the service is always outstanding.  There has never been a time where I had to wait for anything and  the staff at NYPD is very accommodating. As a New Yorker I can be pretty picky when it comes to my pizza. I really enjoy a good slice of New York style pizza folded in half and loaded with toppings and NYPD never fails me.   NYPD serves up an authentic pie with just the right amount of Oregano and Basil seasoning.  On top of the fabulous sauce  NYPD never skimps on ingredients.  This pizza has lots and lots of toppings and your leftover pizza is even better tasting the next day when reheated, you can't say that about just any pizza.I am never disappointed with NYPD I guess that's why I keep on coming back for more.
5	After living in the valley for over 10 years I finally made my way to Avondale recently while scoping out locations for my next Hawaiian Experience Spa. One day I stopped at NYPD pizza for lunch and it was so good I went back again when I was back in Avondale a few days later.The service was quick and friendly and the menu had lots of options. My wife got a Strawberry Fields? salad because she is watching calories and she loved it. It really looked good. I tried the margarita pizza the first time and the bruschetta pizza the second time. Both where excellent. There is a bar but it was lunch time and we were working so we just got water. :( Speaking of lunch, there is a lunch menu M-F which has pizza by the slice.If we open a new day spa in Avondale or a new day spa in Goodyear (which is a block away) NYPD Pizza looks like it will become a regular stop for us. Give it a try.
4	Being vegan, I was thrilled when NYPD began offering the Veganizza, and vegan cheese for custom orders. It is nice to have the option of ordering a pizza for pick or delivery now. It is a bit pricey, and despite only being 3.5 miles away, there is a delivery charge of $3, which I think is excessive, given the cost of the pizza. I do like that they have a record of your last order for easy reordering, but given I get a custom sometimes, I would like to see a better record so that I don't have to go online to go through the options again. That being said, for anyone plant based or with a dairy issue who doesn't mind a higher price for pizza, I would recommend it. I have never eaten there, only utilized pick up or delivery. Drivers have always been courteous.
5	This place is fantastic. Great atmosphere and decoration. Great service, greeted/seated quickly and my waiter was great on all fronts.Had the knots, brooklyn family pizza and buffalo wings. The knots were fantastic, warm with cheese melted over with alfredo. The wings had a buffalo sauce like no other buffalo sauce i've ever tasted, in a good way. It was bold but oddly sweet, I loved it. The pizza was absolutely fantastic. Plenty of toppings, not too greasy, superb dough/crust and topped off with delicious arugula(?). Definitely recommend.
3	Love this place specifically for their cicillian pizza. I love that you can take out or eat in and it feels like a fancy restaurant.  Good service.  And not too expensive.  Definitely recommend
4	This place is great. One of the neatest pizza restaurants I've been to. The service is quick and extremely friendly. The appetizer menu is good but I love and recommend their new fried zucchini sticks. The pizza menu is a bit overwhelming due to the variation. From Mott Street Meat Lover to Joey's Favorite (vegetarian), the're all good.New York's Finest Cookie n' Cream is my dessert of choice. Warm oatmeal cookies over soft vanilla ice cream. I just can't get enough of this stuff.
5	Great service! Kimberly, our server, was prompt with our orders, she was very polite and courtious. The manager stopped by and checked on us twice. Everything tasted amazing. This was my boyfriends first time here and he was very impressed. Price was not bad at all!
