5	Grand opening today! I'm so happy Will and Mike now have a permanent place...in Chinatown. They are good peeps. I finally got to try their cantaloupe snow and it's delicious with mochi. I've tried all their flavors and my favorite is mango because it's made with real mangoes...all their snow flavors are made with natural ingredients this is why I love this place. Dessert sans guilt!The now have combos such as Cookie Dream (vanilla snow, Oreos, chocolate sauce), Smooth Green Tea (green tea snow, red bean and condensed milk), Black Sesame Sensation (black sesame snow, mochi and condensed milk), etc.I got to try the Black Sesame Sensation and added egg pudding to it. Liked it a lot. They have 3 sizes now. Kid's size went kaput.Great way to beat the heat. There's no reason for anyone not to go here. After a great meal at neighboring restaurants such at Kabuto, Japanese Curry Zen, Raku, Monta and Trattoria Nakamura-Ya...you should get dessert here.
5	This is going to be the closest and best thing to snow ice that some of you may be accustomed to from Cali snow ice places. Screw the shaved ice places. This is what's up. ;)Pick a flavorVanilla, black sesame, strawberry, green tea, chocolate, mango, cantaloupe, coconutAdd toppings (0.50 each)Too many to list :DSauce (1st one free; add'l .25 each)Sweetened condensed milk, strawberry condensed milk, chocolate, caramelThey've also got a whole bunch of cool combos if you're too lazy to bother mixing and matching :0). Check it out!
5	"GO WEST, YOUNG MAN" That was one of the first things to pop into my mind when I first heard about our much loved Frost Bites Shavery opening a possible new second location somewhere near Chinatown.  Now that FBS has opened at Seoul Plaza (where you can find: Raku, Monta Ramen, Big Wong, Japanese Curry Zen, Trattoria Nakamura-Ya, Kabuto and that awkward "massage" place where tourists leaves via taxi with a big grin on them faces) rebranded itself as SnowFlake Shavery, the famous partial quote by the American author Horace Greeley  about westward expansion and Manifest Destiny could be applied to our favorite shaved snow biz from Hendertucky.  +2 for just being soooo mucho more closer to the Westsiders. For those that have not tried shaved snow from SFS before, it is not the shaved ice you might have tried before with colorful syrups poured over the coarse shaved ice.  It is a more refined icy treat with powder snow or frozen cotton candy-like melt-in-your-mouth experience.  Think shaved ice version 2.3, so to speak.  All made with 100% NATURAL INGREDIENTS, no artificial flavorings or syrups used (which is the reason why taro is not one of the available flavors - sadly artificial taro flavorings trumps all natural taro shaved ice made from real taro only).Ordering 101:Step 1:  Choose a size: Small, Large, MonsterStep 2:  Choose a flavor:  From Vanilla, Cantaloupe to Green Tea and Black Sesame.Step 3:  Add a topping ($0.50 per selection):  Fresh fruits to candy and cereal.Step 4:  Top it off with a sauce (first one free, +$0.25 after that one):  Condensed Milk, Strawberry Condensed Milk, Chocolate and Caramel.If you are not sure, they also have helpful combos for you to pick from or help jump start your shaved snow creativity.  Although I have had Green Tea and Black Sesame Shaved Snow all by itself, and didn't think it needed any toppings or sauce. It is that good!Come and try it now that it is closer for everyone that does not live in Henderson.I think it is better than the ones I tried in SoCal and Taiwan (except the fresh mango from Taiwan is way better).Here are just a sampling of other real customer testimonials:Cathy C loves this place, because it is dessert sans guilt.Sandy K said it is so good it is like [frozen] crack.Norm K said Mango with coconut sounds good to me!Philip T thinks he like this more than frozen yogurt now.Roger T thinks Green Tea + Mochi + just a drizzle of Condensed Milk is dessert heaven.So what you be waitin' for? Come get some SnowFlake!Are you a wanna be competitive eater?  Member of a Greek fraternal organization looking for out of the box activities?  Do the Shaved Block Ice challenge!  Successful competitors earn the coolest bragging rights in town + extra(?)DISCLAIMER:  To harry I:  I am not a shill (I am deeply offended by being called that even if I had to first look it up in a dictionary).  And I am not a professional reviewer, but I will take that as a compliment.  And I believe in paying for the products and services from businesses (I want to review the customer service and experience that everyone gets), and writing a honest review of my personal experience.  If I happened to be passionate about it and write the review with flair, all the better.  Being new to Yelp you should read Yelp's Terms of Service, plus the site's Content Guidelines and Review Guidelines.  You can go back to tell your celebrity chef friend that if he is really passionate about the food he serves, he will not be using artificial powders. Is his product bad? NO.  But it is like comparing real orange juice (SnowFlake Shavery) to SunnyD (KSC).
5	Still in love.  Thanks to David S., I got a ride from the SE side to come to the Shavery.  I went with a small Vanilla with egg pudding and mochi, no sauce.  Sauces are free, but the vanilla flavor is so powerfully good and I never had egg pudding so I wanted to try it.  Soooo good.  I honestly love the coconut and green tea flavors too so it is always so hard to choose.  Tien N. graciously shared some of his mango, Tony T. his green tea, and Arvin C. his cantaloupe.  I love this place and look forward to the yuzu debut when the time is right!
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Space isn't as visually appealing as the other "snow ice" competitor. Lack of printed menus. Order is handwritten on the container.LIKE  The strawberry condensed milk. Usage of natural ingredients. Lighter/fluffier than its competitor. Egg pudding as a topping.LOVE  Nothing.
5	Three mother-effing listings for the same place...really people....Alright came with a group of friends and fellow yelpers for the legendary ShowFlake Shaved Ice. Honestly i didnt really want to come here. I wanted to hit up Perfect Scoop instead as they have amazing home made ice cream and the flavored teas are friggin awesome. Why did i not care for shaved ice? Well another shaved ice place on Spring Mountain closer to the i15 which upon grand opening spreaded A LOT of hype about how super awesome shaved ice was, how superior to ice cream or shaved ice is, and how it'll cure ACNE and enlarge your penis by 16% per serving. Overall i found them over priced, unbalanced, and nothing really that spectacular. Enter SnowFlake ShaverySo i ordered the Mucho Mango. Mango is a fragrant fruit. Unless most of the flavor is coming from an artificial source it's not easy to completely screw up anything mango flavored especially when it comes with chunks of fresh mango. I did modify it a bit by getting the strawberry sauce which turned out to be strawberry infused condensed milk instead of regular milk flavored condensed milk. So how was it? Friggin awesome! Kind of like shaved ice cream. The texture, which is what i wasnt too impressed with when it comes to the other place, was perfect damn close to shaved ice cream. The taste was amazing. What's even better? The Cantaloupe. Too bad it's so late into summer. Their cantaloupe is nice and perfectly refreshing. The exact thing you need to help cool off on a hot as hell summer day. Improves...well the owners already know their deficiencies. One being they are in dire need of swapping out the A/C unit the plaza manager is too cheap to replace, and maybe some kind of underground or build a 2nd story to improve on parking.Yelp 100 - 041 of 100
5	I know what a lot of people think when they hear about "shaved ice" - they think snow cones from the festival with crunchy ice. An unsophisticated flavor - just ice mixed with syrup honestly.SnowFlake Shavery, as it is now called, does not do this at all. Their ice is literally INFUSED with flavor. This was the first time (since in the truck I couldn't see it) I got to see them pull out the huge chunk of ice that was entirely colored by the flavor of the ingredients involved. To get a different flavor, that block then needs to get pulled out and replaced with a different one.The result is a fluffy concoction that doesn't have to absorb a liquid, and the flavors pop because of this.To be clear, they are in a "soft opening" phase. Their decor is sparse and the A/C is mediocre, but it's definitely a lot more convenient than sitting or standing outside in 100 degree sun.
5	Three days open and two visits down. (Would have been three days in a row if it didn't start storming yesterday.)The Husband and I apparently haven't learned our lesson. We make the mistake of ordering a Large to share. We finish this easily and ultimately we want more. So what do we do? We get another large! Duh! Just order the Monster size already! Next time!They currently have three sizes - Regular ($3.49), Large ($4.75), and Monster ($6.49). Eight flavors - Chocolate, Strawberry, Vanilla, green Tea, Mango, Black Sesame, Coconut, and Cantaloupe. A lot of toppings - fruity pebbles, gummi bears, mochi, red bean, cheesecake bites, brownie bites, chocolate chips, chocolate sprinkles, strawberries, mango, pineapple, bananas, egg pudding, taro, M & Ms, graham crackers, almonds, boba, and coconut flakes. And four sauces - Condensed Milk, Strawberry Condensed Milk, Chocolate, and Caramel.Pick your size, pick your flavor, add some toppings (50 cents each), and pick your sauce (1st one is free, 25 cents for each additional sauce). Apparently you can get two flavors into the Large and Monster sizes.Our favorites - we are loving the Coconut! Add some egg pudding, which is new since their Frost Bites Shavery truck didn't have that, and some Strawberry Condensed Milk sauce! Yum! We have also enjoyed Cantaloupe too, which is their current seasonal flavor.  (I should mention that the egg pudding is more like egg gelatin, not flan. And the Strawberry Condensed Milk reminds me of Strawberry Pocky, the fancy one with the bits.)We love the stuff. It's like crack. We are so glad that Michael and Will have found a spot on Spring Mountain and their hours are much better too!Credit cards are accepted, but there might be a charge or a minimum. Double check. Don't forget to get your frequent water stamp card too. They have seating for about 16 plus and it can get crowded in the evenings. Maybe a couple of benches out front would help!
5	AWW MAN! WHY DO I GOTTA DO ANOTHER REVIEW? CANT I JUST REFER TO THE HENDERSON LOCATION?Ok, just for you guys, since your product is that good, I will muster up the energy (since I just had some awesome cantaloupe shavery), to get through this review.Again I will kind of reiterate my Henderson review. If you are reading this, chances are you already know what SnowFlake Shavery is all about. From the new more centralized location, to the name change, to new flavors and toppings, to the new much more accessible hours, these guys have no boundaries. Like I said before, its only a matter of time before these guys are a common household name. I will even go on to say that this little suite they are in is not gonna hold them. My prediction: Parking is gonna be so bad just because of the fact that everybody wants to go here that they will eventually have to find an even bigger place with lots of parking. Memo to the guy that owns this plaza, these guys are your diamond in the rough, so if I were you, I would treat these guys with the equal respect that you give out to your other popular tenants. So when these guys leave because you thought they were "just another tenant", then all you can go by is "hay, I let them rent out a suite in my plaza!" To the guy that left a tip that said he got the runs, first of all, TMI dude. How does that happen? A stomach ache maybe because you either ate too much or you made it your lunch or dinner. Second of all, did you actually open up a Yelp account just to put a tip? I say to you don't hate the player, hate the game. I even dare you to do a review. Heck, if you want people to actually take you seriously, put up your picture and do other reviews on similar products. If something really bothers you, show it. Until then, you have no credibility.To those that havnt had it yet, the best way I can explain it to you is that if you have ever had frozen yogurt and shaved ice, this is the best of both worlds. Once you have this, you will never go back to neither IMO any way. Im not saying you cant go back to them. Its just not the same.Bottom line is, me and my kids tried that so called hyped up other place down the street and they only ate half of it. Now when it comes to sweets and desserts, they would eat everything in sight if I didn't stop them. Just the fact that they didn't want any more, told me that we are not coming back there. As soon as they tried SFS, that's all they could talk about.
5	After stuffing our faces with Korean BBQ down at Sura, Minnow suggested a frozen treat for Hunnie Bunnie. A quick Yelp search shows me this Snowflake place... Is Hunnie Bunnie down with shaved ice or does she REALLY just want frozen yogurt??!! She is down with the get down! I also notice my Yelp friend Christie L. had just checked in to this place as well! We drive over and it happens to be in the same plaza where Minnow had just enjoyed some REALLY good Japanese Curry the other day! (He is visiting from out of town and has somehow been to all the great eateries!)Walking in I say Hi to my Yelp friends and then we order. I'm confused. I opt for one of their suggested mixtures on the menu, Mucho Mango. Minnow gets the Black sesame sensation and Hunnie Bunnie made her own with strawberry, mini M&M's and gummie bears. We all ordered Smalls - they are HUGE. And they were all delicious. Eating it really blew my mind. I can't grasp WHAT I am actually eating. It looks so COOL. It isn't like the snow cone type shaved ice I've had before it looks all crazy and has texture but is smooth like ice cream. It's delish! They have lots of toppings and yumminess and this was a great choice!! Shaved ice mind blown. Yup.
5	After a some very successful visits to the Shavery at their previous locations on both Boulder Highway and Decatur and encountering them at the Yonaka tasting event, I have to say I've become a big fan of what is now SnowFlake Shavery. So glad that they opened up a place in Chinatown, a much better commute for me to get some delectable treats. I brought my fella for a little after lunch treat this afternoon. I finally got a chance to try the coconut ice with coconut shavings, pineapple and mocha. This is by far my favorite flavor combination I've tried so far. My fella opted for vanilla with oreos, chocolate syrup and mocha. Everything was on point as always and I can't wait to make this a regular spot on our dessert rotation.
4	I really like the texture and flavor of the coconut snow ice. It tasted like a less-sweet ice cream that's light and just simply delicious. Minus one star because I didn't like the red bean topping. If you're having an ice cream craving, this will help fix that. And yes, it's a lot better than Kuma. :)
4	I hesitate to write a review for SnowFlake Shavery as it defies all that my palate has grown to know.  It is light.  It is almost fluffy.  It is cold and does not melt too fast.  It is icey.  It is creamy.  It is not shaved ice nor is is ice cream.  This is some hybrid dessert that I don't fully understand.  Yet I like it.  I ordered cantoulope, a seasonal flavor.  It was very light in color with a hint of cantoulope to the taste.  Had I been more familiar with the establishment I would have ordered the egg pudding or chocolate syrup to top my bowl with.  Next time I'll know what to do a little better.
5	Delightful! Different! Tasty!  Light! Loved it! Every day I saw so many fellow yelpers checking in to SnowFlake Shavery.  It really wasn't in my part of town but we happened to be up that way...  so let's go check it out!   It was actually my first time driving through Chinatown.  Honestly I didn't even know there was one located here.  I know. I need to get out more.  But we were happy to find the cute little dessert place everyone raves about.  I didn't know what to try.  You can choose your flavor, toppings and sauce.  Since it was my first time here, I thought to try one of their cool combo's.  That way I don't have to make the decision myself.  If you know me, I don't like making decisions. So cool combo it is!  I went with the cookie dream.  It starts with vanilla snow, topped with oreos and chocolate sauce on top.  Cookie dream was so dreamy!  I love the light texture and airiness of the snow with the great vanilla flavor.  You can't go wrong with Oreos and chocolate sauce.  It was very tasty.  I love how light every bite is.  Ice cream just sits in my stomach and I feel even more guilty after I eat it.  But this delightful little dessert fulfilled my sweet tooth and kept me happy.  My husband says 'Happy wife, happy life' ! The friendly staff was awesome.  They greeted us immediately and were offered samples of different items. I didn't know what Mochi was so I had my first taste of the little topping.  It was great!   The guys helping us were very helpful and talkative.  When they asked how we heard of them...  YELP!  :-)    Needless to say we will be back.
5	Takes shaved ice to the next level.  Mango, cantelope, coconut are awesome.  I need to try the black sesame.  Add egg pudding?  Add strawberry flavored condensed milk?  do you really need to ask....YES PLEASE!!!!
5	Wow this place is good! I tried the mango snow with additional toppings today and it was just simply delicious. The owner was super nice and the food came out fast. I am looking forward to trying the other flavors they offer there!
5	Yeah baby. This place is a rockin!I came by here for the first time since FB Shavery closed in Henderson.  What a treat!a.  Location - How much better can it be?  Spring Mountain in the same strip mall where Big Wongs, Zen Curry, Monta Ramen and Raku are located.  Talk about a great draw!!!b.  Service - Top notch.  WE were served by the owner and I don't know his name but between this place and his trailer in his service, explanation and style is top notch. I like his helper at the trailer they had in Henderson as she was cool.  I think she went back to school.c.  Yum Yum Factor - Having tried shaved ice all over Hawaii, in Las Vegas and other parts, having tried Lapperts ice Cream, Gelato, Ghiradelli Chocolate Ice Cream, and all, I have to say for a dessert, SnowFlake is in a place of it's own,  Light, delicate, tasty, no after taste, fresh toppings and a huge size, how can you go wrong  You can't.  this is amazingly refreshing and muy bueno.d,  The Flavors - They have mango, black sesame, chocolate, vanilla, coconut  strawberry, cantaloupe, and green tea.  I have tried mango, black sesame, chocolate, coconut and green tea  I will have tried all by time I am done!  My favorite is mango, yet the black sesame reminds of the dessert candy I would in as a kid in San Francisco's Chinatown. e.  The Toppings -  I ordered three toppings of guess what..... mochi.  Known as 3xMochi.  I normally have tons of mochi at holiday get togethers as the kids won't eat it and I really don't care for chewing gum-esque texture of mochi however, the tiny morsels of mochi that SnowFlake serves is like outta this world!  Truly makes me want more and more... Okay, other toppings are bananas, strawberry, mango, gummi bears, mochi, pineapple, chocolate chips, coconut flakes, graham cracker, boba, almonds, red bean,chocolate sprinkles, m+m's, oreos, fruity pebbles, brownie bites, cheesecake bites and egg pudding.  I may have missed one or two, but this is a seriously cool list.  Egg pudding?  Red beans.... Yeah baby.f.  After this,  you can add condensed milk, chocolate and a few others to make your tastebuds love you to death!GK says, get your buttskis down here now and have this simply delicious thing called a SnowFlake Shavery!
5	It all started when my hubby was craving some shaved ice but our usual place was already closed. I started my usual yelp research and found this amazing place. We were greeted as soon as we walked in, everyone was real nice and helpful in explaining how everything worked. The actual ice was different than expected. It was like a hyrbid of froyo and shaved ice, nonetheless it was delicious. Highly recommended. My husband had a smooth green tea and I had my own creation; coconut with coconut flakes, almonds, and condensed milk. Best way to satisfy our craving by far.
5	This place is awesome! Way better than Kuma. You won't be disappointed.I tried the mango flavor with mochi and banana then topped with condensed milk...YUM YUM YUM! It's a good thing it's a good drive from me cause if it wasn't, then I would be here every single day. Definitely worth the drive tho.
5	I'm not going to repeat what everyone already knows. This place is delicious and by far beats their competitors. No ice crystals, no powder concoctions. Just all natural and fresh ingredients. My favorites are green tea and strawberry, but cantaloupe is my new love. As for toppings, it's usually mochi, strawberries, mango, boba and condensed milk. I'm glad they set up shop in China town. Their Henderson and Decatur locations were both equally 11 miles from my house. Now I only have to travel 8 miles for this yummy treat.
5	I am so glad Snowflake finally got their retail store in Chinatown. I've been visiting their old Henderson location once a week to get my snow craving fix ever since I found out about them. There are new toppings and flavor in the new store. I absolutely love their new topping items such as red bean and pudding!!! Both toppings go really well with my fav snow flavor, green tea! I am also a big fan of mango and coconut snow! Green tea snow is not too sweet and has a bit of green tea bitter taste. My husband usually can finish a regular size of green tea snow without any topping or condensed milk by himself.  He really enjoys the bitterness from green tea. Mago snow is my second love. It tastes like ripen sweet mango melting in my mouth! Coconut snow is made with coconut milk and goes really well with mango topping (fresh mango not canned). If you haven't tried SnowFlake, you have been missing out!
5	As you can already tell, everyone seems to love this place.  I doubt anything I write here will not sound echoed, but alas...reviewing anyways!I've tried most of the flavors so far...most of the toppings so far...but they continue to change and create new ones!My most favorite shave so far is the Black Sesame flavor.  I would say this and the Mango and Coconut shave have the most flavor out of all (IMO of course), and I've tried the Chocolate, Vanilla, Green Tea, Coffee, Strawberry, Cantaloupe, Banana etc...I think I've hit pretty much all of the original flavors.  Chocolate or Banana would probably be my third or fourth favorite :)I've tried quite a bit of the toppings too...some goodies like oreos and mochi, down to the healthy stuff like pineapple, mangos, strawberries, red bean, etc.  I think being a glutton is best, so I'll stick with the sugary stuff :P  The egg pudding is good here...I think they said they make it in house.  The boba is also good...they seem to come out warm, so they don't get frozen halfway through your ice.  Toppings are only $0.50 so go crazy with em :DAnd they have great condensed milk!  I've tried their chocolate sauce, but I much prefer extra condensed milk.  They are great at remembering my order too, and go heavy on it :PLove the new location!  On Spring Mtn near Decatur, in the same parking lot as Raku, Monta, Big Wong, Trattoria, etc.  Definitely in good company!  Save some room for dessert after dinner :PPics! :
5	I attempted when they were in Henderson, but was a day late and a cup of shave ice short. They were apparently moving over to a spot in Chinatown (now open!) and I would have to wait a couple more weeks. While on a taco trek UYE last week I was told that SnowFlake Shavery would be added as one of our stops and was thrilled! This isn't ice cream and it isn't a sno-cone. I know there is a lot of confusion to what shave ice is and I am learning myself, but you wont find any artificial syrups here! If you haven't had it before, it is something you need to experience first hand. The appearance, texture and taste is something special. SnowFlake Shavery uses fresh and all natural ingredients. Flavors range from chocolate, vanilla, cantaloupe, mango, coconut, green tea, black sesame and depending on the season you might be lucky enough to try the banana! I missed out, but heard it was fantastic! Sizes: Regular ($3.49) Large ($4.75) Monster ($6.49)Step 1 - Choose your flavor and sizeStep 2 - Choose your toppings priced 50 cents eachStep 3 - Choose sauce priced at 25 cents each (first sauce is free) I ordered the "Ex-Straw-Binary" (regular) and it had strawberry snow, strawberries, strawberry sauce and I had them add chocolate sprinkles and extra strawberry condensed milk. The strawberry condensed milk is SO good! The shave ice is very light. The portions are big and even though the regular looks like something you wont be able to finish, give it a try because it wasn't filling at all to me. It was just refreshing and yummy. I will be back to try other flavors!The employees are very friendly and willing to answer any questions you might have. If you aren't sure about a flavor just ask and they will give you a sample. Don't forget to ask for a rewards card because when you buy 10 you get one free!
5	Due to some personal circumstances, I spent a month and a half drinking nothing but protein shakes. Today would either be the day I would be able to eat like a normal human being, or the day I would rip out all the hair on the top of my head. After seeing the Doc today and getting the OK to eat regular foods again, there was really only one place that I wanted to go to... and that place was SnowFlake Shavery. (Actually 2 places, but I'll save In-n-out for tomorrow's lunch :D )Now, I was a big fan of the Frost Bites Shavery Truck, a food trailer located in the outskirts of Henderson NV that made the best snow ice in the Valley. I've had American snowballs growing up and after moving to Nevada from the east coast, I was exposed to Hawaiian shaved ice--which was my favorite for a while. But snow ice (which originated in Taiwan) takes frozen treats to a whole 'nother level. It's sort of like eating freshly fallen snow, flavored with dairy and sweetened. It's melt-in-your-mouth texture is sublime. When properly made, it is like nothing you've ever had before in your life. When I found out the Frost Bites guys were opening up a brick-n-mortar spot called SnowFlake Shavery, I was ecstatic. And today would be my chance to try it out.SnowFlake Shavery is located in the busy Seoul Plaza on Spring Mountain Road and Jones Blvd. It's located in the same strip mall as some of Vegas' other "off the Strip" heavy hitters - Raku, Big Wong, Kabuto, Monta etc. After walking in, I was greeted by the owner's Will and Mike. Being a much bigger space than the Frost Bites trailer, they are able to carry a larger selection of items', including popular favorites such as mochi, red bean, different cereal toppings, and my personal favorite, egg custard. I even saw that they carried a new snow ice flavor, cantaloupe. I didn't get to try the new flavor this time, but I will make sure to get it next time :) Being familiar with the the old Frost Bites menu, I had to order my favorite combination that I have been missing out on for the past 6 weeks. I'll refer to this combination as the "Michael K". The "Michael K" - It's black sesame snow ice, fresh mango, and sweetened condensed milk. To a lot of people, this combination won't make a lot of sense. That's one of the main reasons it's called the Michael K (j/k) :P. But, IMO, it works.. really, really, well. Being a big fan of egg custard (especially with boba), I decided to get the Michael K. with egg custard as well. Holy Schmokers!!!! I personally thought that this combo could not be improved on. I thought that I had hit the pinnacle of flavor and texture. Well, I had a revelation. Let me put it to y'all like this, the brand new Michael K. is - black sesame snow ice, fresh mango, sweetened condensed milk AND... drum roll please... egg custard. Boom!Get in your car, or walk if your close by, and get a Michael K., or many of their other flavors and combos such as strawberry, chocolate, vanilla, green tea, coconut, and many more (or just make your own personal combo.) Whatever you do, if you haven't tried this place, get here ASAP. You'll thank yourself later. Michael out.
5	I love the location because you can find so many delicious places to eat before having dessert here. Perfect for SnowFlake. I am so glad they have a permanent place since the truck on boulder hwy. because now it gives Kuma Snow competition. The consistency and product served are no comparison.
4	It was a Great Surprise to see this place Open! I am a huge fan of all things Shaved Ice! This place is very Small- but it also only has one machine and we missed the rush-I was very pleased with the Prices.I even like the flavoring of the Ice! The toppings were bombDiggity! Love the mochi- and it was soft which = fresh! The iPad for a Register is a (+)The Customer Service is great! They are friendly and have the ability to be better with greeting people who walk in- but hey are looking for help- It's gonna be a good stop in the summers!!
5	First of all I am not a dessert person, let's just get that clear. However, it's about 103 degrees outside in Vegas and I have two sons ages 7 & 9 who happen to love ice cream. So we went here. It's so funny! My sons first reaction was , "it looks like napkins..." But then he ate it. OMG. Game over! We have a winner! I even ended up eating a few scoops from each of their bowls and was pleasantly surprised. It's like a mix of shaved ice and ice cream... Better than shaved ice but not as heavy as ice cream.  I tried the green tea with mochi and cookie dream. Both are fabulous. The bowls are huge and share-worthy. Eat here if you can!
5	AwwwwSome!!!!!!  You gotta try it !!!I grew up in Illinois  EATING SNOW & this is what I always wanted it totaste like !!!!!!!
5	Without great service, no food would be enjoyable. The workers were so nice and they were willing to let us sample some flavors since it was our first time there. This place is better than any shaved ice place because its not just flavored syrup over ice. It's made with natural ingredients. The texture of it is more creamy than icy. My favorite to get is coconut, mochi and condensed milk. I think I'm addicted and can't wait to try more flavors in the future! Most certainly coming back soon.
5	I admit it, I am an addict. We used to drive all the way to the other side of the world to eat it. Now luckily our commute is a lot less trying to have our fix. I appreciate the natural ingredients. I love the consistency of the snow. Great customer service. I only wish they would do 2 flavors in a small. I also wish the toppings were a little more generous of a portion. I barely get through 1/3 of my snow with bites of strawberry. My favorites are: green tea, coconut, mango, and strawberry. They have lots of topping choices too. Love the fresh fruit. It gets packed and sometimes there are no tables. It's a nice treat I don't feel as guilty eating.
5	Holiday, so we had dinner nearby and stopped at our favorite dessert place. Consistently, nice workers, busy, and delicious shaved cream desserts. I had the real taro topping for my first time: delicious!
5	Recently was introduced to snow cream through my friends at Kuma down the street. I'm quickly developing a keener palate for this tasty treat though. Slowflake is really good and creamy. I've brought several others this spot and they loved it. Great job guys. Cookies and Cream is my favorite combination so far.
5	Tldr: great customer service and cantaloupeThe employees are very helpful when asking questions and make you feel comfortable.The mango and cantaloupe(only when in season) are great. Mix that with boba and anything else and was happy.
5	My family and I decided to take a weekend trip to Las Vegas and found ourselves in dire need of something to cool us off from the sweltering 111 degree heat. Lo and behold! We stumbled upon SnowFlake Shavery in a tiny shopping center. At first, we thought this was the traditional baobing, or Chinese shaved ice with condensed milk and toppings. Instead, what we found was a delicious, new, icy experience! The owner was extremely welcoming and told us about his concept of creating a snack made with VERY thinly shaved ice in multiple all-natural flavors topped with your choice of red beans, boba, condensed milk, and so much more. We were amazed by the taste and quality of this dessert; we shared two large shaved ices in Green Tea and Mango/Cantaloupe flavors. If we had been blindfolded, we would have thought that we were eating the real things! Best of all, this is a healthy, satisfying, not-too-sweet snack that definitely saved us from the scorching heat. At only $2 - 5 per order, this is a true experience all must try!P.S. A true testament to our love for this product is that we went back the very same day to get our second dose of Green Tea shaved ice. A definite must in Las Vegas!
5	SnowFlake Shavery was a stop on a UYE tour and it was cool to finally try this place after hearing so much about it. The inside is very clean. The menu boards are easy to read and I like the variety offered. The seating area is smaller then I expected so was relieved to get a spot before the crowd poured in. So I had no idea what to expect from this type of shave ice. I saw the Cookie Dream on the menu board that had vanilla snow, oreos and chocolate sauce and figured I couldn't go wrong. They have additional toppings you can add but I wanted to just order it the way it comes the first time. I enjoyed my cookie dream! What a different and satisfying way to end the night. They gave a rewards card that will at some point earn me a free one of these babies. If you are having trouble deciding just ask for a sample.The night I was there they were open until 11 pm so they have late hours which I think is nice in the summer time. Good luck finding a parking spot since this is located in the Seoul Plaza and it is a popping center.
5	Thanks Marie T for showing me the wonderful world of SFS.... What a great way to get a sweet treat and beat the Vegas heat!I love the simple idea: chose a flavor- toppings - a size and you are as good as gold!I wish the location was bigger so that more socializing could take place while enjoying SF, but that is nothing to worry about. Prices are right and sizes are huge! A great deal for a delicious treat. Staff is friendly and helpful if you can't decide which flavors/toppings go best together.I can't wait to return to try other flavor combos.
2	After another  AMAZING  meal  at Monta Ramen, the gf and I decided to hit Snowflake given the positive reviews from a slew of yelpers.  Well, dang it, sad to say, we walked away bewildered at our disappointment in our first ( and likely last ) visit to SFS.  In fact, it bothered me ( which has never happened before ) that our experience differed so much from others - was it simply a bad day for SFS ?  I doubt it since several people eating in the shop were clearly pleased with what they were eating.  Also, while watching the guy prepare our snow, I can actually see the pride in the product.  Did we order the wrong items - I went with the cookie mix and the gf went with a strawberry cheesecake mix.  The strawberry was ok but for the most part, we had the same opinion of both - we reminded us of our youth eating ice milk - I ( we ) didn't like it when we were kids, and we don't like it now ( not to say that SFS served us ice milk - maybe it is - heck if I know ) Is "snow" an acquired taste ?  or maybe the taste buds are finally shot ! Not sure, but when it's all said and done,  WE DIDN'T LIKE IT !Heck, now i'm afraid to try the Raku dessert place - will I be disappointed in that , too ?
4	Good stuff. Tried them several times now and the stuff is good, I'll admit. So far, not a fan of vanilla but loved the coconut each time I've tried it. Like cantaloupe as well. I stick to the basic toppings, no condensed milk or egg custard so far, but mochi, coconut bits and brownies are pretty good.
4	I've been wanting to go to this place for the longest time and finally got here. I've tried to go to the Frost Bites Shavery Truck and something always happened to where I couldn't. I got a large half coconut, half green tea with mochi, egg pudding and condensed milk. I ate the coconut first since that was more delicate, but nice. I think it went well with the egg pudding and mochi bits. The green tea was definitely made with a matcha since it was slightly bitter. I highly enjoy matcha flavored things so I'm a big fan. It was light, small icicles so the consistency was good. Everything is made with real fruit/flavorings and you can tell it's made with pride. Will and Mike remind me of another formerly loved business - BFG. Will tries to remember faces and people as we watched him interact with every customer as we ate our snow. I also met them prior at a UYE which is unusual, but awesome for business owners to come hang out and make friends. I definitely think being personable goes far in becoming a loved place. I love all things frozen, and I definitely am excited about this place. I will be eating this even come winter. Can't wait to try more flavors!
5	Are you ready for another shill to add their two cents? Of course, all of the elites who wrote positive reviews are paid off to do so. Forget about all the years most of us have put into writing reviews. I'll throw that all away because they paid me to give a glowing endorsement. :: note sarcasm::Now on to the real review. I was a huge fan of SnowFlake's product when they were Frostbites. I am a bigger fan now that they have moved into such a commercially advantageous location. I am ecstatic for their growth in business, but it definitely cuts into my readily available favorites. They run out of stock now. Don't worry, I am always willing to take the first shave of any block. I am a huge fan of their all natural, four ingredient mantra. The fact that I know that I am not ingesting food coloring, added preservatives, and unnecessary sugar is a plus. The beautiful ribbons and smooth consistency of the product has me stopping in multiple times a week. My go to flavors are matcha green tea, black sesame, and mango every once in a while. I like my green tea and black sesame to be pungent, SnowFlake makes theirs more everybody friendly. I cannot hate on that. Add fresh produce and egg pudding that is made in house for a great dessert. Every time I come in there is someone new working. All of the employees have been friendly, courteous, and efficient. It is still one of my favorite establishments.
4	We had this stuff in Manila and it is excellent for Vegas heat and people who like lesser evils.  Imagine a soft served station with different flavors but the base ingredient is ice - spewed out in very thin delicate folds.  Snowflake Shavery is a perfect cap to any heavy dinner and offers you many refreshing flavors and topping combinations.  We had the Black Sesame with condensed milk.  It was perfect.  It's a tiny space so be prepared to enjoy your cup standing. :)
5	Decided to come here based on the recommendation of some of my Yelp friends. I always had the impression that shave ice was like the old school snow cones. Wrong! This stuff is great - It's like eating fluffy ice cream. For my first shave ice experience, I chose the Extreme Chocolate. It kind of reminded me of chocolate strawberry ice cream cake. I couldn't get enough! My partner got the cantaloupe with the mochi balls. I helped her kill that one off. The one thing about ice cream is that I feel like crap whenever I finish eating it (or almost any dessert for that matter). Not so with the shave ice - it's surprisingly light. I had to order another one, so I went with the Cookie Dream, with Cheesecake Bites. That is my new fav dessert! Nelson Q. recommended the "Nelson-politan". Gonna have to try that one next time!
4	It's good. Anytime I introduce anyone to Taiwanese Shaved Ice this is where I bring them. On my last visit with my hunny and kiddo, I ordered my staple of Black Sesame and my man ordered Strawberry. For me the greatness of SnowFlake Shavery is supposed to their superior product. They are supposed to have a better product than their competitors. And for the most part they do. I mean, I wouldn't bring newbies here if I didn't believe that. However, on my last visit that Strawberry was icy and crunchy and icy. Some people are going to not believe me, I am sure. But I am stating the truth. I had to take a couple of bites of snow ice to keep trying it. But it never went away. My black sesame was the complete opposite. It was creamy, light and oh so delicious. So maybe it was an old batch of strawberry. I will say the flavor more than made up for the iciness to the product. It really tasted like creamed sweet strawberries. But I still love this place. If you are new to snow ice, or just want to try something different, then this is the place to go.
1	Actually this place is OK. Probably rates a 3 or 4. Nice product. friendly staff. Clean .This is my second post of this rating.  Yelp removed the first because someone claimed I didn't have first hand customer experience.  I was there.  I tried their product. I  rated it OK, as stated above..   However, after reading all the five star reviews, I have a very strong suspicion that many of these were written by shills. Many look too polished to have been written off the cuff by recent customers. No place is consistently that good. I wonder how many reviews were written by professionals. In any case, give it a try, and make up your own mind
3	I wanted to love this place as It has all these great reviews, but I'm really disappointed. Maybe I just had a bad experience. The day I went in they were messing up peoples orders, and had to keep asking people what they ordered again. It happens, I get that. My issue was more on the texture. As another reviewer stated about it having been icy and crunchy, that was how my order was. It was a bit of a turn off as I've experienced the light and fluffy goodness before. The flavor itself was good, but it was a bit "meh". I gave it all to my bf the endless pit. Maybe one day I've give it another try.
5	Never have I done an update so fast but when it is due, it is due.Upon my last visit, I was thanked for my honest and truthful review. I admit, I was kind of taken back. I didn't expect that. I should have expected that. Will and Mike care about their product and their customers. And in the end, that makes a winning combination. Hence all the 5 star reviews. Hence this 5 star review.I won't go into the small details but Will took time out of his day to chat with me. He explained the process of the strawberry and why it would have been icy. Maybe I had a older batch. He took the time to find out what I liked and asked me my opinions. No surprise, because I know that they care about their customers. I know that they care about their product. Needless to say, this most recent visit I ordered Strawberry. This was the SnowFlake Shavery I loved. It had that texture that they were so well known for on top of the impeccable flavor. Will asked me about my favorite snow ice place overall and I had mentioned a spot in Pasadena. But let me tell you a little secret, after that Strawberry I had - I think SnowFlake will be the top favorite.  It is by far my Las Vegas favorite and a must go. I mean, I do bring all my friends and newbies here.Big ups to SnowFlake Shavery for caring about their products and customers.
5	I believe Michael K. is still partially to blame for our latest LV Yelpers addiction!? Haha.The rest is all Mike and Will of the SnowFlake Shavery formerly FrostBites Shavery.  So they're pretty freaking addicting. Making weekly 20+ miles trips to their little trailor way out there in "Hendertucky" addicting.Others might have driven farther and go more often. Now that they're near Chinatown, in an actual brick and mortar all I see is other Yelpers check-ins almost everyday, twice even.They are clearly the best shaved snow treat in Vegas. They're ribbons of smooth and very delicious shaved snow.Try them for yourself. My favorites are anything with BLACK SESAME. Black sesame with pineapple and strawberry condensed milk drizzle, black sesame with mango and sweet condensed milk drizzle, black sesame naked, ...  I have other favorites but black sesame is my favorite favorite flavor. Another I also like the Coconut with strawberry and sweet condensed milk drizzle. Another is getting the large and having 2 shaved snow flavors, black sesame and coconut shaved snow with strawberry and sweet condense milk drizzle. I enjoy them all.If you're unsure about how what shaved snow and toppings go well they have combinations all ready for you to choose from. Look at my mine and others pics, and point that might work too. They added egg pudding and red beans to the original toppings. I noticed they might also be having drinks.Oh how can I forget about the green tea and chocolate shaved snow and the mango, Oreo, and others. Use that "punch" card you get one free when its filled working on card #3.
4	Nice concept- but is it any better than self-serve fro-yo or shaved ice? That's still a toss up in my book. The ice cream is a big block cylinder which is then shaved down into paper thin sheets which creates a very light a fluffy ice cream experience. My problem was that they were a little stingy with their toppings. I tried the green tea with the red bean which was a good combination. I wouldn't drive out of my way to have this, but it's the perfect dessert to have after you've had a nice steaming bowl of ramen over at Monta :)
5	Rename this place the UYE of uye for Yelpers! Excited that finally contribute too more snow ice consumption at Snowflake but also just getting my snow ice on. Really is there anything better then quality snow ice on Vegas Hot day or really anyday?? I have been too there prior location back in the Henderson days. It was awesome then and still awesome now. Really nice too see the passion both Mike and Will comes too their snow ice and just taking care of customers. Think maybe going bigger might lose the quality or not always better. Snowflake truly refreshing is the quality is still TRULY the best snow ice in town, there this sense they care about each customer like family (gosh enough regular yelpers call it yelp snowflake family), and toppings all from fruit too etc everything fresh and refreshing. Lot of reasons that BIGGER is better! Now you can actually sit down in normal restaurant setting with tables and chairs not sitting on the curb. Indoor with a/c no worries about it melting faster and more space they have more room for more toppings and sky  the limit with the menu. They still do the same card action too. The last time had the green tea with mango and strawberry. I wanted too try more flavors so went with the mango snow ice with strawberry, mochi, and condense strawberry milk. WHAT I love about the snow ice unlike others is that here at Snowflake its not overly sweet. The right amount of balance strong enough flavor of mango (had two flavors can speak for mango and green tea) or any flavors but still it taste refreshing where you taste the texture and fluffy snow ice. Toppings not had all of them but fan of fresh fruit on my snow. No matter choice all diced fruit taste fresh, sweet, and fresh enough if wanted bowl of fruit could have bowl of fruit toppings be content! The strawberry condense milk had my reservations. Not much of condense milk fan. Wow! It perfect compliment too yay strawberry toppings. It added more depth. They come in three different sizes all reasonable prices for any amount of snow ice addiction needed. Look forward too trying the other six of eight flavors they have on the menu. Really great with the amount of flavors and combinations is really go week or more not have the same combination twice! Sweet Snow! Don't be surprised if see few other yelpers having some snow ice. My first check in just as I finish Christina W and Tein N showed. See this place really should be rename the mecca or ultimate hangout for yelpers. Next thing know hanging out talking stories with yelp family for another half hour or longer. If miss out on events just stop by Snowflake meet lot of yelpers! Sure coming back for more filling up stamp cards and getting my snow on.......
4	You know what it reminds me of? Flakey biscuits. String cheese. Croissants. A dust bunny. Haha! You can come up with some crazy likenesses sitting there eating this stuff but no matter what weird thing you come up with, it's still tasty!So, we've been to the old truck spot in Henderson and now had our first time at the B&M store...both times were equally impressive. They ran out of vanilla tonight which bummed my wife out but they still had black sesame, my favorite! If you're unsure of what to try, start off with one of the "Cool Combos" on the chalkboard. My favorite so far is the black sesame sensation with Oreos added on...so killer! The chocolate snow is also really good and the wife loves to top it with bananas, almonds and brownie bites. The only downfalls for me...they can be a little skimpy on some of the ingredients and the place is tiny. They only have 3 tables inside and not much room for standing so you might get stuck enjoying your treat outside. Other than that, I love this stuff and I'm already wanting to go back for more. Oh, and if you're wanting more after you finish off a small cup, just get seconds...we all do it! ;)
5	This dessert was truly my favorite during my stay in Las Vegas.  This the 1st time I've ever heard of Snowcream, and it was delicious.  I had the mango flavored snowcream with mango and condensed milk.  I would eat this everyday if I can get away with it.
4	FIRST; Shaved ice and shaved snow is different. SnowFlake serves shaved snow or snow ice -- however you want to refer it as. This is not shaved ice. Or you can just be lazy and refer to it as shaved ice cause in the end, it's all the same as it all goes in your tummy! But the technique in creating this is different so don't confuse them ;) This takes more work than giving you a bunch of crushed ice and slapping on condensed milk with a bunch of fruits. I actually came to SnowFlake and tried them the day they re-opened. I originally had wanted to try them a second time before writing a review but alas, I haven't had time to go since. Or no one wants to go with me ;__; "All byyy myselfffff."The name of this establishment actually reminds me of "Snowflake" in Dublin, which is in the Bay Area. I would often go to that establishment with my friends because they are amazing. Like AMAZING. We were actually talking about this as we walked into this LAS VEGAS SnowFlake Shavery .. and we found out interesting things!I do believe we had talked to the owner of the location. We never got his name down though. He had mentioned that he's trying to "rival" Snowflake in Dublin. I'm not sure if that's the right word but they're using them as a benchmark per say. They had originally wanted to open up a location in the Bay Area but settled in Las Vegas instead. Which, as I've said, was a very good decision. Then we chose our flavors. You could make up your own combinations or take one of their pre-made combos. I'm sorry. I'm lazy and I certainly don't want to think so I went with a pre-made. I got a cookies n' cream since I've been craving that ice cream for a while now. My friend from the Bay Area got a Black Sesame and my friend in Las Vegas got their Mango.Their Mango was on point. Delicious and you can taste that it's real fruit. Their Black Sesame was creamy. That's not a bad thing. It has enough flavor but not TOO much flavor. We've had a black sesame shaved snow where the flavor was so strong, so good, and so easy to get tired of after a few bites.Their cookies n' cream was good :) I mean, can't really mess up one up right? Haha!Of course, then we all chatted about the differences between the two locations. He asked us what we thought and our opinion on the product and everything. We had a nice chat. It was good to know that some owners are still very interested in their customer's base opinions -- not just on their product but opinions on the store's future direction.So far, Las Vegas SnowFlake Shavery is the best in Las Vegas from the consensus from my group. Oh, they also use real fruit in their product. All organic and none of that fake/syrup/whatever some other places put IN your shaved snow.However, the one thing that sets them apart from their competition would probably be presentation. I do realize that they started as a truck and are used to to-go business but their presentation ranks pretty low among the shaved ice/snow ice establishments. I'm not shallow. I'm all in for good tasting goodness...but...My mother was actually looking for a place to eat snow ice at. She wanted something that resembles the type she had in Dublin. I suggested this location because, hey, it is pretty much the same concept and the flavors weren't far off. Just a bit more creamy. However, she turned my idea down. Why? The presentation of the product was not captivating enough for her. It is a drastic difference from a lot of other places. Perhaps that could be worked on. I do realize the space of this establishment is not HUGE but perhaps something to think about. A lot of other establishments that sell shaved ice/snow ice also sell other food or drink ... as to have a variety. Anywho, other than that. Give it a try. It's a good treat for yourself :) I definitely need to go again and try their Strawberry ;)
5	I had a great time at SnowFlake! If you're looking for a great, affordable snow cream, definitely check it out! The small is a good size and super affordable at only $3.50! The staff is really friendly and willing to explain what snow cream exactly is. I'll definitely be back!
5	Alright, so I'm super late to the game. Not a football game or something, but the game of "let's have the best snow ice in town and rave about how good it is." But I'm in the game now, and I'll try to keep it short and sweet (kinda like a cup of what they serve here).Full disclosure: this is actually my first experience with snow ice, period. I might just be super impressed with the newness. But you have to admit that the texture of snow ice is unbelievable. It might be even fluffier than the snow that I played with the one time in my life that I've been able to experience snow. Yes, I have been quite deprived.It's not just the texture, but the also flavor that makes this a hit. I had a spoonful of cantaloupe snow ice, which was as subtle as actual cantaloupe can sometimes be. I tried a bit of coconut snow ice, which was more assertive but still very pleasant. And after I got my go-to flavor, which was mango, I was pleasantly surprised to find that this too had a subtle flavor and doesn't completely overpower the taste buds like practically every mango dessert or smoothie out there. The sweetened condensed milk helped to lend some sweetness back, but it was something I wouldn't mind forgoing on occasion.As this was a post-dinner visit, I just went with the small size. It didn't last very long. I'll probably get at least a regular next time, or possibly a monster if I haven't eaten anything else. Plus, I'll get to order two flavors if I pick a larger size. And I need to remember to ask for samples next time. There will be a next time. Oh yes, there will.(Dang. That wasn't that short.)
5	Best cantaloupe snow ice I've ever had~!
5	I could pretty much copy and paste my review for their previous location as Frostbites Shavery - but I'll just say the bottom line:This is the best shaved snow/ice/stuff in town. They're open good hours, and everything is made fresh. The guys who own it run the front lines as well. They love to hear what you have to say and take pride in their product.Black sesame is easily my favorite but that isn't to say the other flavors aren't delicious. The chocolate and fresh cantaloupe are also fantastic. Taro and egg pudding are often our go-to toppings. We're hoping and praying rice balls end up in the mix someday!
5	This is my go to snow ice place, especially on a hot day. My favorite is cantelope with condensed milk, it taste almost like heaven. the flavor doesnt taste artificial at all and the fruits also taste sweet, not bitter. i recommend this to all my friends and family.
5	You gotta try it! Great service very friendly and once you try some it's heaven! This is the best shaved snow I've had Coconut snow, chocolate chips, mochi & condensed milk.
5	Loveeeee this place! Yes, they changed their name from Frostbites to Snowflake, but the taste & texture is still the same! I've been waiting for a shavery place like this to open ever since I had it @ Boiling Point in LA during the summer of 2011. This dessert is kind of something similar to SUPER frozen ice cream that's been shaved down.  It's a light & fluffy texture that's easy to eat. They're generous with their portions & don't mind adding a little extra sauce if you ask. Definitely worth your money & I believe it's cheaper than some of the other places. Snowflake is probably going to be my new to go dessert place.
5	Read everyone else's stellar reviews.I don't have anything else to add that is different.Super friendly snowpeople (for that is what I'm calling the counter peeps), excellent flavour experience.Just go!
5	Been here twice now and both times were very good! Like it more than kuma snow! Shaved ice texture is realy good! good combinations!
4	What can I say? I'm a big fan of green tea, and their green tea flavor shaved ice won me over. I'm completely in love, if only they had green tea toppings and green tea condensed milk I would be living at this place! Their mango is also amazing, and the mango fruits taste fresh and sweet. The place is really cute and simple which I love. I was blown away by how fresh the flavors taste and how quickly my order was finished. Definitely recommending this place to my friends and family!
4	Great to see they have a brick and mortar location now since I last saw them under their different name (Frost Bites) and set up (a food truck at Boulder Highway)! Had green tea the first go around and settled on black sesame the second time. Both flavors were great! For ice that looks intricate and textured, it's incredibly soft to taste. It's not overtly sweet or syrupy. When I ordered black sesame, I had it with boba and gummies! The boba was good but the gummies were not soft and chewy. Even though I didn't enjoy them, they did make for an interesting photo. Parking is limited so if you find it appreciate it.
5	After 3 years of being on Yelp, I'm finally writing my first review! I felt the honor should go to Snowflake Shavery. I don't think I've encountered a business that consistently provides a great product and customer service. All the employees I've come across are super friendly and take time out to describe how everything works to first timers. The snow itself is so light and fluffy, you can tell they don't use artificial ingredients. Its not as heavy as ice cream so don't be afraid to come here after a big dinner. Don't forget to get a stamp card because I guarantee that you'll be back.. I definitely have.  My personal favorite is coconut snow with mochi and condensed milk. Mango snow is a close second.
5	This is my most favoritest dessert place I've ever had the pleasure of desserting at.  What does that even mean?  It means an average of three visits a week, using it as a meal replacement for dinner if I'm not that hungry, and always running into other regulars.  It's like Cheers, but with more dessert and with less drinking.One thing that gets asked of about SnowFlake is why they don't have more flavors.  They use natural ingredients in their recipes, so if it's not natural they won't use it as a flavor.  This means seasonal flavors, such as cantaloupe; when the fruits aren't in season it won't be offered.  They also make their own boba, egg pudding and roast their black sesame!  Along with the natural ingredients, the other thing that makes SnowFlake stand out is the quality of their product, the shaved snow itself.  Cantaloupe tastes like cantaloupe, matcha green tea tastes like matcha green tea, and so on.  You don't need to rely on toppings to enjoy SnowFlake, which isn't always the case for desserts (ie: frozen yogurt places.  Topping bars are ridiculous!)  This is as good as it gets in Vegas.
5	Anytime I am in the area I have to make a stop. Next time your here you should try mango snow with fresh strawberries, mochi and condensed milk! Yum!!
5	This place is love! I literally have to come here every week because I crave it so often. Definitely give it a chance! I've had Kuma before, and I've also tried a place in Cali andI must say this place is the best. My favorite is green tea ice with red bean, extra condense milk, and strawberries (:
3	I'll just come out and say it. I do not love Snowflake's product.Is it as good as it gets? Compared to Kuma Snow Cream, it's night and day. Snowflake's texture is much better. They use all natural flavors. They probably are as good as it gets in this realm. Am I a fan? I say yes. How could you not love these guys? But the actual product? I'm afraid I have to go with A-OK.I've tried them twice--once when they were a trailer in Hendertucky and once at their new location in Chinatown. Both times, I came away extremely impressed and yet somewhat disappointed. There's just something missing. When that perfectly shaved cream floats over your tongue, it's like it forgets to let your taste buds know that they are experiencing flavor.I've figured out that I prefer my desserts to be much more creamy (Art of Flavors anyone?) or juicy and refreshing (Art of Flavors anyone?). To achieve this at Snowflake, I have to let the cream melt in my mouth. But even then, the flavor is very light. This is helped by generous amounts of condensed milk. But that seems to defeat the basic idea.So there you have it. I simultaneously give them 3, 4, and 5 stars. I thought about averaging out with a 4. But I have to go with how I really feel.3 stars
4	First time I tried this new snow ice dessert. I actually hadn't heard about it until just recently. Just moved here from Seattle so must be a new trend. I ordered the coconut delight and it was really good. I also had a bite of the black sesame which was also very delish. The texture of it is exactly like it sounds .. like snow! They use condensed milk to sweeten things up and add toppings as you like. Very good stuff, but not so sure it beats my beloved froyo.
4	I gave Frost Bites 5 stars. Why not SnowFlake?  Is it location? Nope, location for SnowFlake is even better. Located near some great restaurants off Spring Mountain, SnowFlake is in an ideal location,Is it taste? No way! SnowFlake still delivers when it comes to their selection of flavors and toppings.  Black Sesame is phenomenal.  Then top it with red bean and sweetened condensed milk, and it's on!Is it texture? Heck No! Read the other reviews and I concur, no one makes their shave ice as smooth and creamy as SnowFlake.Is it price?  You get what you pay for. Here, you get more. Big on portions, little on price.So what is preventing me from following the 5 star trend that my fellow Yelp peeps  tend to give this place?  It comes down to the service for me. I was lucky to always have Will and Mike whenever I hit up Frost Bites. They are the best. There was no Will or Mike on my visit to SnowFlake. What I got was a few employees that rather be unprofessional behind the counter (joking, laughing, hugging, etc). I was also bummed that the kid's cup is no longer an option. Don't get me wrong. I love this stuff, but an ice cream size scoop is more than enough for me.  Dear SnowFlake...bring the kid's size scoop back.  Calm down Las Vegas Yelp...4 Stars is still a great rating. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (440/500)
5	Take a Chance and go directly to SnowFlake Shavery! Do pass all the competitors and Do collect snowflakes on your stamp card for a free shaved snow! I knew immediately this was a five star experience from service to quality of product.  I was thinking about comparing SnowFlake to all the other shave ice, water ice, sno cone whatever you may call the product. There really is no comparison.  SnowFlake has a far superior product. it really is an apples and oranges comparison from the snow curtain consistency to all natural and vibrant flavors. SnowFlake is the gelato of the shave ice community. Take Strawberry flavor snow. It is the difference between Fresh strawberry taste and high fructose strawberry Fanta flavor that the competitors pass off as Strawberry. If you want fresh taste this is the ONLY place in town to go. I enjoy creating flavor combinations with all the toppings they have to choose from. I become a snow mixologist. If you aren't feeling creative yourself put your trust in the employes at SnowFlake to guide you in the right direction or choose one of their "Cool Combos" from the board. With the help of Brian's Inspiration my creation this evening became part of the "SnowFlake Secret Menu" Add to it and make sure to take care of the people that take care of you with Good Karma.
4	Came here for an after dinner dessert at the urging of my sister. It's located in a small plaza in Chinatown on Spring Mountain, same where Monta Ramen & Zen curry is located.The spot is pretty plain in decor. Couple of chalkboard menus/how to order. A couple tables and chairs. A big white seal logo(?) plastered on the front of their counter. Snowflake and some other designs on ceiling. Not even a cash register. Just an iPad with one of those credit card acceptor plug-ins. Theres a machine that shaves ice. It appears that the ice they use for the snow is already flavored before shaving. They do offer free samples if you ask.I decided to try chocolate snow with sweetened condensed milk layered as my first foray. It was interesting. Like it was described, something between shave ice and ice cream. The texture and flavor reminded me of ice milk, but slightly smoother. Intriguing concept. I wouldn't mind going again some other time to try the other flavors.
4	This place is definitely the best around when it comes to snow ice! Snow ice? Snow cream? Snowflakes? I don't know.  So far, I've had their snow in mango, green tea, black sesame, vanilla, pumpkin and coffee (this one isn't on the menu). It tastes natural--none of that artificial flavoring that others seem to have--pumpkin tastes like actual pumpkin, green tea tastes like homemade green tea, you get the idea! I've also been here enough now to know it also depends on who makes it. During my most recent visit, the snow was not as fine. Keep in mind, seating is also very limited.I'm going to be honest. Their texture is far better than everyone else's, but I personally don't like the texture on it's own. It's kind of dry(?) up until it melts in your mouth and turns into a creamy consistency. I'm not too sure "dry" would be the accurate word for it, but I guess that's the point of the condensed milk, to even it out. Anyway, if you do notice the "dryness" and aren't too fond of it, you can ask them for more condensed milk or ask them to layer the condensed milk when you place your order (placing condensed milk in between layers of the snow ice rather than just the topmost portion). I think that's really great of them to do. WARNING: This stuff can be addictive! Lol! Sometimes, you don't realize you're at the bottom of your cup, even with their large portions...Overall, I think this place is THE best among it's other snow ice/ snow cream/ snowflake competitors. Their snow ice doesn't taste like plastic, there are different toppings and combinations, the customer service is great, and it's definitely a great treat in any kind of weather!
4	First time here tonight and I really enjoyed it!  I liked this concept of shaved ice.I tried the combo suggested on the wall which was the "extremely chocolate" (chocolate snow, strawberries, chocolate sprinkles, and strawberry sauce).I loves the texture of the snow ice. Smooth, creamy, and not heavy at all. This was the perfect first order. I got the smallest size and it was more than enough to share with my boyfriend. They have a stamp card, so after your 10th one, you get a small cup with one topping for free!The location is in Chinatown, however it's in a very busy plaza. We couldn't find a parking spot today, so I rushed in to get my order while my boyfriend waited for me in the middle of the parking lot.The store itself is a little small and with not a whole lot of seating space.With that said, it doesn't deter me from coming back! I can't wait to try their other flavors!
5	About 4 times in a week and still want more.  Right after lunch I start thinking about the ribbons of delicious snow!  I start patting my forearm waiting for a fix!!    So light and airy with a multitude of topping choices.  Just eating each flavor bare or naked is good enough!  Another point I would like to make, is how it keeps it shape while eating.  When you get to the bottom of the container, which I always do, there is no super sweet syrupy mess! Cant wait to go again!!
4	This place is a YELP Hangout.  I feel that there should be a Yelp secret handshake just to get in.  Anyhow, after a weird experience at the Boiling Crab, our group of Yelpers decided to hit this place up.  Parking is a little rough but, we parked on the side street and it was fine.  We walk in and Snowflake was busy.  The employees were helpful, kind and witty as we couldn't decide what to get.  I don't know if it was one of the owners or a manager, but he was awesome as he took the time to explain to Michele the flavors and how to order.I knew that I wanted to try the Cantaloupe with fruity pebbles.  I read some reviews and Cantaloupe was / is a hit.  And, I can see why.Sidenote: everything is better when you add fruity pebbles to the mix.The only problem that I had was, I got a large and should have stuck with a small.  Or I should have mixed another flavor in, to stop it from being stale.  IOverall, it was a great night as we had a few laughs and got to see some familiar faces.
4	5 stars for the dessert. 3 stars for service . . . The dessert: WOW! I got a large with half Green Tea and half Pumpkin Spice with condensed milk and mochi. This is my first time getting shave/snow ice and it definitely won't be my last. The dessert had really strong flavors of Green Tea and Pumpkin and had the perfect texture. I want to go back and try the Black Sesame! Service: The SnowFlake Shavery was a new experience for me. When we arrived the place was full and there was a short line. Two reasons for that: the stuff is amazing and place only had 2 people working! While they were going as fast as they could go and were genuinely nice while doing it ("so sorry for your wait"), I wish they could hire another person and get another machine running to serve faster!
5	Light, billowy, ribbons of ice. Just the right amount of sweet (not too much) to which other ingredients can be added to supplement sweetness and texture. Our new favorite icy dessert. Just perfect.
3	Extremely tasty and reasonably price. Only problem is.. they need to train/educate their staff. When someone says they are allergic to dairy thats completely different from saying I'm lactose. I took my sister to try it (allergic to dairy) and I asked if there were any non dairy products but she said no, but I'm allergic to dairy but I can still eat this and be okay, just get something small or share. Then how are you allergic to dairy, she says I'm lactose. So then in a matter of 10 seconds you do not get hives, turn red,difficulty breathing, possibly having your throat swell up from eating dairy products instead you feel bloated, stomach hurts, may have to run to the bathroom.
5	Huge portion for a small!  Definitely will be back and try the pumpkin spice!  Mango is my favorite!
4	After eating Korean food, we felt like having a dessert. We came here on a Wednesday evening and got 2 ordered of small shaved snow 1. Mucho Mango with Mochi2. Vanilla shaved snow with strawberry, condensed milk, and mochi for $9.80- Friendly service. Free samples. - Finally! The Closest shaved snow Las Vegas has to Class 302. But hands down, not better than 302. - Needs more helping of condensed milk. Needs more squirts. haha. - Fresh fruits. Not mushy. - Natural ingredients!- Mochi like Yogurt Land.- Cashier hooked it up with 2 extra stamps on accident?! haha- Red bean paste? Fail. Don't get the green tea. - Summed up as an Americanized version (Fruity pebbles?! HAHA) of Taiwanese shaved snow.
5	Highly recommended! I tried Mango with Boba and Black Sesame with Mochi and they were both really good. Flavor tasted very natural and I truly enjoyed it.Perfect combination for your Monta Trip.
5	We went to this place expecting Hawaiian shaved ice, but couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised! It's like ice cream shaved into delicate ribbons--light, but filling. My favorite combination was coconut ice with fresh mango and condensed milk on top. The coconut has great flavor! After 1 pop, we were hooked! We went there 3 times in 2 days, and definitely plan to add it to our itinerary the next time we're in Vegas! It's the perfect place for dessert in Chinatown or an anytime snack. From The Strip, it's just a 10 minute bus ride from Fashion Show Mall on the 203. Get off at Decatur.
3	I liked it. When they say it's a mix between shaved ice and ice cream, they mean it's literally a mix between shaved ice and ice cream. You can't get any samples because they have to put both items in this machine thingy and blend them when you order. For that reason, it's a little slower than your average ice cream shop. It was no big deal since we were the only customers on a Tuesday afternoon, but I can see it being a long wait if they're busy.The flavors all sound decent - vanilla/choc/strawberry, plus black sesame and maybe 2 others I can't remember. We tried the strawberry with strawberries and strawberry condensed milk on top.The taste is good, and the price is reasonable ($3.50 for a small, which is pretty big), it's just not good enough for me to drive across town.Also, the atmosphere inside the shop is, like, zero. There's no decorations and you can't see the ingredients, so it's pretty bland. They just opened, so maybe they're planning to spruce it up as they go.
2	I had the pumpkin spice with graham crackers and condensed milk. After hearing all the hype about this place, I was extremely disappointed once I finally tried it. The texture of the product is quite unique. Fluffy ribbons that are light and airy with the flavor in the icy product. I felt my pumpkin spice was lacking some flavor. I can't quite put my finger on it, but all I can say was it was a bit bland. Maybe it lacked some sweetness or some other element, but there was definitely something lacking. I'll give it another try and see if it's better a second time around, but my first impression wasn't favorable. I'd rather have a scoop of coconut macadamia nut ice cream from lapperts.
5	Absolutely love this place. Healthy dessert alternative. I live nearby and we stop in at least once a week. Reading some reviews below, I think some people miss the point. If you're expecting a super sweet sugary ice cream type dessert, you're gonna be disappointed. But, if you want something a little different and low in calories, this is the place.
5	Super friendly and helpful staff, delicious concoctions and punch cards, love this place !!
5	This Snow Flake was amazing. So So good to the last spoonful. Will be back in January for more
4	Think snow cone but made with cream instead of ice, then crush this creamy stuff into a very fine feathery like cold concoction with sweet flavors like mango and taro. Next add toppings like fresh fruits and mochi, add a bit more sweetness with syrup and you got snow flake shavery!Very fine shaved cream ice, not a snow cone, not ice cream, but a bowl of snow, the texture is just as fine as that fresh powder snow. A must try experience that will make you addicted! Small shop, just a few tables and a busy parking lot, have late hours, good service.
3	I wasn't a big fan of the consistency or taste of the ice cream. It's half ice cream and half shaved ice. The service was great though.
5	Awesome shaved ice, great flavors. Try the black sesame.
5	Absolutely delicious! All their snow is made from all natural ingredients. I had the green tea and my boyfriend had the black sesame.
5	This is happiness!  This is dessert love!  Last night I had dinner in the same plaza at this life changing establishment, and thought, "Why not give that place a try?"  This was seriously the best decision I have made in weeks.  Now I've never had Snow Ice before, but now I understand that I have been missing out on probably the best dessert on Earth.  When I walked in I was greeted by the girl at the counter and she very nicely and sweetly explained to me how to order and what my different options were.  I decided to go with one of the combos posted on the wall with one addition and it was amazing!  I split the Black Sesame Sensation with Red Bean.  Soooooo gooood!!!! It came with black sesame snow ice, mochi, condensed milk, and the extra red bean just put it over the top.  The ice was fluffy, creamy, with just the right amount of sweetness.  I know it is going to be winter soon, but I will brave it out to eat this delicious treat without a doubt.  Their Snow Ice comes in three different sizes regular ($3.49), large ($4.75), and monster ($6.49).  They have a stamp card program too so don't forget to get your stamp care.  I split the large and it was more than enough for the both of us and they gave me two stamps :D  I know I will be filling up that bad boy very soon.This place is a must try!!!
4	I compare all snow to Class 302 which is located in Rowland Heights, CA.  So we got the mango and coconut snow in the monster size..have to admit, it's comparable!  The only thing it doesn't have that Class 302 has is the fresh fruit and the presentation.  I'm not a big fan of the plastic cups.  Snow served on a plate is easier to eat and share with.
5	Over the past summer, I visited Taiwan and tried snow cream for the first time at the famous ice monster. When I left, I thought I would never be able to try anything like it. Snowflake shavery proved me wrong.The snow cream here is so light and fluffy. When the waiter first gave us our order I could see the texture and literally pick up each layer. The taste: we tried vanilla and green tea. In the vanilla we could see the beans and in the green tea, the taste was mild but strong enough that I could really taste it. I love how the snow cream didn't taste artificial, my friend told me that they actually make theirs from scratch. If you've tried the artificially flavored ones, you would never go back to those places after trying snowflake. Service: the guy was really patient while we made our decision. My friend and I were the only ones in the place for awhile and the person working was really conversational as in he chimed in during our conversation with each other. But we actually liked it. It wasn't in an annoying way, but funny and made our conversation more interesting. I'm definitely going to stop by here again.
5	Had the black sesame and it was amazing. I loved the texture! Waaay better than regular ice cream and frozen yogurt. I will definitely be coming back!
3	Sup@ cute design! Very cute. The svc was cool and very helpful they explained that their stuff was made fresh fruit and fruits that are in season. I liked it I believe cantaloupe, my husband did not. Here's the hard part...the shop had a horrible smell. The serving sizes are too big and too expensive.
5	Delicious! I got the green tea (I am a green tea fanatic) and they got the flavor just right. It was nice and fluffy!  They offered great customer service and gave us several free sweet & condensed milk refills
5	Come in on Tuesday and meet Emily, one of the owners. She is super nice and will brighten up your day!The flavors here are unique and delicious. Most of the toppings are made in house with natural ingredients (except the fruity pebbles of course). The strawberry ice is made with real fresh strawberries, taro topping is made from real taro root, and it all tastes amazing.Snow Ice is a light Taiwanese style ice cream. It's made to order and put through a shaver that gives it a light fluffy texture.The selection of toppings here is awesome, with offerings like egg pudding, red bean paste, lychee jelly, boba, mochi, pineapple and mango. It's easy to come up with some really interesting flavor combos.They are happy to give you samples of anything on the menu.My favorite was the black sesame ice with egg pudding, taro and mochi toppings. Really different and highly addictive!
4	I've been on a search for the fluffiest snow ice possible since I made a trip to Vancouver BC and discovered it.  I was excited to try this place out since it was getting so many good reviews.  The flavor selection is pretty big with about 8 different flavors and some flavors being replaced with new ones.  The portions are huge even for the small size.  The prices are decent as well and they have a good selection of toppings for $0.50 each.  I've tried the black sesame, vanilla, and the mango.  The mango for some reason seems the fluffiest to me, even though they probably are all similar.  The flavor of the black sesame has a fragrant, toasted taste.  Coupled with condensed milk, mochi, and egg pudding....the black sesame is my favorite.   Mango is a close second and doesn't have that strong artificial flavor that some mango items can have.  I tried the vanilla as well and that was underwhelming.  This isn't the fluffiest I've had, but it seems to be the fluffiest in Las Vegas.  They also have punch cards if you frequent this place often.
5	Love the fruit flavors. Unique way of serving their frozen treats.... It's shaved off a big block and toppings are added.... Really good stuff....
4	I came upon SnowFlake Shavery after having lunch in the same plaza and was pleasantly surprised we found this place. The area was definitely in need of a good shaved snow place and Shavery did not disappoint. I've had my share of shaved ice and shaved snow and Shavery is definitely one of the better ones (even compared to LA standards). For those that don't know, the ice is actually frozen with the flavor so when it is shaved, it is actually shaved in what looks like thin ribbons and not ice chunks. This gives the snow its creamy texture and much better flavor. There are numerous flavors to choose from and if you don't know, just ask as the servers are more than willing to provide you with some recommendations and even a small sample. They do have various options of pre-built combinations or you can build your own. I'm definitely looking forward to my next taste and flavor of SnowFlake Shavery.
4	So good! Tried it for the first time last week and now I keep going back! Don't get rid of your cookie butter flavor it's absolutely delicious!!!
5	I really don't have much of a sweet tooth but if you're in for a shave ice/ice cream hybrid, then SnowFlake is for you.  I've been here a few times and tried a few flavors but I always seem to come back to the green tea w/ mango option (I usually forego the condensed milk as well.. yummm).  On my recent trip, I saw that they had cookie butter on the menu as a flavor option and opted to go with that.  If you are into the Trader Joe's cookie butter craze like all my Hawai'i friends or if you are in the mood for a gingerbread-y holiday treat, then this option is a good time.  Overall, it's a nice place to bring some friends, hang out for a sec and cool off, and get a nice, unique treat.  5 stars for the flavors and the simple uniqueness of the snow cream concept that makes a great addition to the Las Vegas area (especially in the Summer)!!
5	Shiiiiii#! This place is bangin'!  I've had good quality Taiwanese shaved ice in LA and Frisco and personally, Snowflake is definitely up there with the heavy hitters.  Some Taiwanese shaved ice comes out too sweet, too chewy and too sticky.  SnowFlake's product melts in your mouth, it's creamy and the sweetness is not overpowering... I just hope they get a bigger stall soon because it can get a little crowded.The Must Tries:Black Sesame w Strawberry and Strawberry Condensed Milk
3	Items Selected:Black Seasame Snow, Mochi, Condensed Milk, Egg PuddingGreen Tea Snow, Red Bean, Condensed MilkOriginally intrigued but inevitably underwhelmed by the Fro-Yo fad it was with high expectations that I approached the highly praised Snowflake Shavery hoping that the new 'foodie' trend of Japanese Snow Cream would succeed where others had failed, namely creating a reason to ever crave it in a world full of gelato and ice cream.  Located, like many wonderful things, on Spring Mountain Road in the same complex as Kabuto, Raku, Monta, Zen, and others it was just after 5:00 when I entered the small shop and greeted by friendly servers and low prices I opted for two small "Cool Combos" and with the all-natural 'snow' shaved and topped I made my towards the door to indulge, the delicate ribbons slowly shifting as I walked and the first fluffy bite crossing my lips just as I stepped outside, the flavor quite subtle and decidedly improved by the accoutrements, particularly the egg pudding which I would gladly eat by the bowl topped with or without a scoop of red bean.  Admittedly a fan of sweet, decadent desserts and perhaps expecting too much based on the publicity I will simply say that while I appreciate Snowflake's ethics and ingredients I'm just not their target market - if I want health food I'll stay home and eat as I always do and if I want frozen desserts I'll head over to Art of Flavors.
4	I was craving for some Taiwanese shaved ice and found this place on yelp.  The service was very pleasant and helpful in deciding on what I wanted to have.  They only have a few flavors I kinda wish they had a few more fruit flavors.  I tried the black sesame and it was great!  The portion size is good too.  Will be back again!!
5	Island snow in Vegas. FINALLYAfter dim sum with my "usual day-off foodie friends," we "needed" to cleanse our palette with something sweet. I had heard (seen) about this place through IG and, quite frankly, I wasn't too impressed with Kuma so, I was excited to see what this place was all about. Since we were already on Spring Mountain, it was the perfect time to samps SnowFlake Shavery.For some reason, I was expecting this place to look like Kuma with bright walls and a cute Asian look interior. Other than the cartoon seal (similar to Kuma's if u ask me) and snowflake/icicle painting at the corners of the wall, it was quaint instead of cute. Anytime you come to any kind of yogurt, ice cream, snow places there are so many choices of flavors and toppings but, it was nice to see that they have set combos that were for the "coconut, strawberry, mango, chocolate lover" and so forth! Once I saw the "black sesame sensation," I immediately knew my girlfriend would choose that - she did.They had various "usual" flavors but, once I saw COOKIE BUTTER flavored snow, it was a done deal for my roommate. He got that with egg custard and condensed milk topping.When we received our snow, we immediately noticed the "ribbons" in the snow. Exactly like the "snow" or Taiwanese snowcone that we have in Hawaii. That alone was very promising. The cookie butter was UHHHH-MAAAAZE! Sweet and caramel. Not sure exactly if it really tasted like cookie butter but, it was amazing nonetheless. Black sesame was like other black sesame I've had before but, not as "potent" or strong flavored as I've had...whatever that means.Either way, both was soft and melted into a creamy goodness once it hits your mouth. Om nom nom :) Also, gotta give credit to the worker who was alone at the time. Considering she was the only one taking orders and making the snow, she was very sweet and friendly.  Can't wait to go back!
5	It doesn't get any better than this.  This is the best shaved ice in Vegas HANDS DOWN.  Don't waste your time with all the other pretenders.The texture of the ice is spot on and all of their flavors are the sh1!   My favorite is the coconus but a close second is the green tea.  The black sesame is also on point.  All of the toppings are delicious and be sure to get a stamp card b/c i don t know anyone who doesnt turn into a repeat loyal customer.A must visit for any tourist/local - be sure to check it out!
5	I absolutely love this places' concept on shaved ice!  I completely support this business, as it would seem it's owned by a bunch of young kids.  I tried the cookie butter, which is seasonal, with cookie butter topping....out of this world how they flavor the ice!  Cheap and delicious!
5	While waiting in line for Monta Ramen, I saw this place from across the strip mall and realized I had bookmarked it from a recommendation from a local Vegas Yelper, Mel C. I quickly glanced inside and decided that we would be grabbing desserts here as soon as we finished our Ramen. The lovely, sweet, wonderful lady working the counter was so uber nice and friendly as she even thanked me as I was on my way out without even purchasing anything. I replied to her that we would be back after eating lunch. About an hour later, Wifey and I strolled in and couldn't decide on the menu. I was going back and forth between mangoes or coconut. I finally decided to go with the Coconut Delight, but what came out of my mouth was Mucho Mango instead. The Mucho Mango comes with diced mangoes and condensed milk. I ordered mine w/o the condensed milk as I don't want to add sweet on top of sweet. My sugar level would skyrocket as high as Stratosphere, for Pete's sake. Wifey ordered the Black Sesame Sensation that comes with Mochi and surprise - condensed milk. Their cups were humongous so we ordered the small, which was large by our own standards or even extra extra large if this was a frozen yogurt place. The cups comes in small ($3.51) large ($4.76) and monster ($6.52). I didn't understand the weird pricing, but you ain't see me complaining. Besides, these cups were humongous as I had previously mentioned. And for those prices, it's a bargain compared to where I'm from. Service was impeccable as not only did she take our orders, but she also made everything and hand deliver it to our table with a smile. She was working by herself, but she was like a pro handling customers as they come and go. Now, if you haven't have snow before, it's a more fluffier, creamier and softer version of ice cream. This one definitely hits all the spots and gets high grade for quality. Had I paid a little more attention, I could have ordered a combo and went with the coconut and mango together. But I had no buyer's remorse, in fact I wanted more. I also noticed on the table next to us had ordered an extra side of egg pudding. It's basically an egg custard so I asked the nice lady for an additional order and she politely obliged. Damn, I must have melted once I took a bite. Now with everything together, I was definitely digging the scene with a gangsta lean. She even offered us a car, but we had to decline since we were not locals. But we are sure to come back the next time we're in Vegas. It was a sweet and delightful experience. And that was just the service.
5	I never got to experience the business as "Frostybites", so I don't have any attachment to their former selves, but I do love SnowFlake Shavery! At first I was really confused at what shaved snow was and couldn't wrap my head around it. It's honestly easier to just accept that its a delicious cold treat and not think any harder beyond that. I'm always excited to bring folks here since it's a very unique dessert (for now), but my fiance isn't too big of a fan and prefers good ol' fashion ice cream. I personally really like the Green Tea Shaved Snow with condensed milk and red beans. Luckily, he'll still tag along with me here and I get to finish off a small (which is actually really large) on my own. I always try to make room in my stomach when I'm in the Chinatown area, but sometimes I think I'm just forcing it and say "maybe next time". I do agree with Mel C.'s review regarding the service... when I first started coming here, I think a lot of "veterans" were working the front, but now there are a lot of distracted/hyper teenagers that may be serving you that sometimes don't know the finer points of customer service or get distracted by their phones or friends that come in. Oh well, won't stop me from coming in, it just makes me feel really, really old haha
4	Formally called frostbites! And located where my usual favorites are around so it's a great location for me to stop by and get some dessert when I'm right down the street, in the same plaza, or even across the street eating dinner! Price is based off the size, plus toppings, and anything addition. The price is pretty good and cheap in my books. The toppings are about $0.50 each and then the first syrup is free and if you want extra, it'll cost ya! It's over all a good deal for everything. I like making a fruity blend of things or something less sweet and fruity like sesame or green tea with some less sweet toppings like mochi! My favorite is usually strawberry with a bunch of fruits and condensed milk! Service is okay, it's got its ups and downs. Depends on who is working, seems like it's mostly high school kids that need a part time job. I'm usually in during the evenings, so maybe I'll try a week day and see?
4	as expected the shaved snow texture was amazing. the sesame seed flavor has a roasted light nutty flavor and the green tea tastes delectably of matcha.  additional sweetened condensed milk is readily available and the workers are cheerful and friendly. it's good but not as good as class 302 where the condensed milk is already mixed into the flavored blocks so that it strikes an amazing balance between flavor and sweetness.
3	So I have given this place a second try. I am glad that I did. Mucho mango is very delicious. I also brought 2 friends that have never been to snowflake. One has some chocolate snow and the other had the cookies n cream version. They both loved their desserts. I too loved mine. Given my first poor experience and my second great experience, in bumping my review to 3 stars.
4	This place Snowflake... was real cool :) What a treat :) something different that was really good. The Family that eats together well eats together Loved it.. :D
5	wow, we had 2 of the predefined combos, the black sesame with mochi and condensed milk, and the green tea with red bean and condensed milk. both were great. rich flavors and the texture was not icey at all but very smooth. our first shaved ice done this way...it's totally different! the toppings were very generous, and we enjoyed both types. a small was already pretty darn big!we'll be back to try the two flavors that ran out yesterday, the coconut and extreme chocolate. not much seating there but the minimalist interior is cool.
5	One of the best things I ate in Vegas! It's nothing like typical shaved ice, since the flavor is already IN the ice or "snow." It's flavorful, light, fluffy shaved ice that tastes delightfully like ice cream, but with a different texture. They use all natural ingredients so it tastes pure and not artificial. I loved all the flavors I tried, but the black sesame stood out to me. Yes, the small is big, but once you taste the deliciousness you will devour it all! Forget about sharing!
5	I got coconut shaved ice with condensed milk and pineapples and it was pretty yummy. The portions are pretty big, I ordered the smallest one and had to share. Great price for how much I get.
4	Being from Hawaii there are a few snow factories on the island, and most of them are awesome. In the mainland, I had yet to see such a dessert being served. I finally found it in Vegas.My brother, girlfriend, and I had just finished eating lunch and were looking for some boba. In my search I stumbled upon the SnowFlake Shavery in Las Vegas' Chinatown. The very thought of snow (what the dessert is called) brings back a nostalgic feeling of being back in the islands. It is reminiscent for three of us as we would eat these on a hot day in Kalihi.We got the coconut delight snow, black sesame sensation, and cookie dream. All three were amazing! The snow itself is as if ice cream and shaved ice had a sweet;delicious baby - if that makes any sense. Each scoop was as good as the first, and the last made the three of us desiring more.Overall: the owner is really nice and accommodating. However, some indoor decorations are in order so that it feels more welcoming. Nonetheless, this is definitely a stop to consider when visiting Las Vegas; especially when you want a break from the strip and are craving something sweet. You won't regret it!
4	We had the best flavor : seasonal flavor?- cookie Butter- rich & creamy & delicious. I've never had shaved ice before, but this was lots of fun! Added Oreo cookies & chocolate sauce. Hit a small shared & couldn't finish it, very rich & creamy
5	Cookie butter seasonal flavor was amazing! Especially with Oreo and chocolate sauce. A small was way more than enough for the two of us to split. The only thing that needs improving is the decor. This place is a bit bare bones and could use some softer cozier seats but the shaved ice is delicious!
3	Worth trying once in your life.
5	WHO: Bring the entire family for yummy dessert!WHEN: Monday-Thursday & Sunday, 12pm-10pm. Friday & Saturday, 12pm-12am.WHERE: In the same Chinatown plaza as Monta Ramen!WHAT: I just popped my SNOWFLAKE CHERRY yesterday, and I am officially ADDICTED!! I don't know what it is (maybe it's just everything), but the consistency and flavors are just PERFECTION. I tried the Green Tea with passionfruit popping boba, mochi, and condensed milk, and I want MORE MORE MORE! My friend tried the Chocolate with strawberries and strawberry condensed milk, in which I got to snag a taste- and for all you chocolate lovers, DO IT!It is a small shop, with a casual, CHILL ambiance. I love the workers! I was greeted very happily coming in and going out! A HAPPY CUSTOMER = A HAPPY LIFE = HAPPILY COMING BACK AGAIN TODAY! =D
5	I know what you're thinking...Did they really shave a snowflake? Is that what goes on here?! Actually, with the consistency and texture of this delicious dessert -- they might as well have!! It's like someone threw the best tasting snowball of your life..into your mouth!! it's literally a flavored snowball with fresh fruit, toppings, and just..heaven. Just heaven. You can make your own creation, or choose from their menu! I don't know what they're shaving...but they are shaving it PERFECTLY. it's better and healthier than ice cream and chock full of flavor and goodness!!! In a hot place like Las Vegas, the best way to cool down.. is with dessert!!!!! And Snowflake Shavery is the best place to stay frosty ;)It's just past Decatur on Spring Mountain Rd, in the same area as raku. if you've passed this food neighborhood, you're seriously missing out! All Asian places should really specialize in dessert, cuz they are KILLIN' IT!!! :D
4	I have to say it is a good place to get your snow shaved ice fix while in Vegas but not up to par compared to Class 302 in Rowland Heights, CA. We had the mango with egg pudding and mochi. I'd go there again to try the green tea. :)
5	This place is amazing. As an out of towner from LA, we happened to find this place and got the green tea shaved snow. It was amazing, and we went back the next night to try the black sesame (my favorite!) and strawberry. I prefer shaved snow to shaved ice, and Snowflake has really thick, creamy snow that is absolutely perfect. It's inexpensive and they put generous portions of toppings. Highly recommend!!
5	This place is fantastic! Stopped here with my kiddos to try something new. We ordered a Strawberry and a Black Sesame. The kids and I loved our choices. The strawberry was mounded high and topped with fresh chopped strawberries and condensed milk. The black sesame came with condensed milk and mochi. My black sesame was so unique, almost slightly peppery. Very flavorful! I want to go back and try it again with the red bean topping. My youngest was fussy that I didn't get her her own icy treat, as I had thought one was plenty for them to share. The girl that was working brought her over a little cup of gummi bears. She was very sweet and helpful. Overall, great product and excellent customer service. I'm already looking forward to our next visit.
5	I honestly like this place over kuma. I like how their snow doesn't taste too sweet and they give you a lot for the price you pay. It's cheap, tasty, and filling! I also love the staff here! Shoutout to Bryan for always being friendly and welcoming whenever I come to order
5	I always forget to check in when I come here.  The staff is always super nice and patient.  We usually come with several orders to-go.  Occasionally, if it's just me and my hubs and our daughter, we will just eat there.  I went to the other place down the street until a fellow Yelper suggested this place and I have not gone back since.  I wish that they kept the cookie butter flavor, but they said it was a seasonal flavor and the 31st of January was the last day.  Oh well.  I can't wait to see what the next flavor they will have.  The last seasonal flavor I had was the pumpkin.  I usually get the black sesame.  I got my friends addicted to this place and since they live down the street, we usually make a run to here for a yummy treat.  We will definitely be back... Maybe tomorrow... Ha!
4	After stuffing yourself at Big Wong, this is a good place to come to. Dessert is always good after any meal and what they have here is tasty.That plus the cheerful smiles from the staff (unlike Big Wong) is a nice way to cap off the evening.
5	After eating at Monta and not wanting to go too far for dessert, my boyfriend and I walked the short distance to this place. It was empty when we came in, not counting the 2 employees, and the space is sparsely furnished.The guy welcomed us immediately the second we walked through the door and was very helpful when we told him it was our first time. We ended up getting a large strawberry mango shaved ice with mochi and sweet condensed milk. IT. WAS. HEAVEN. The ice was literally coming off in flakes but the second you put it in your mouth, it condensed to an almost yogurt substance. The flavors were on point and I was craving more when I literally licked the bowl clean. I highly recommend going to this place! The sizes are HUGE and I was perfectly fine with the price that came with it, coming to about $5.70 for the one that I had. It will be well worth it!
5	I love this place, and I hate desserts/sweets, so that's saying something. Their service is on point. They always greet you as you come in, offer free samples, ask if you need help, always smiling and actually look like they enjoy their job.As for their actual snow ice, it's super cheap for huge bowls that are stacked high with snow ice. All their flavor are good and they change them every so often. None of them are extremely sweet which is why I can tolerate this place over other dessert shops.My personal favorite is black sesame w/ light condense milk and egg pudding. For me a small is enough, but their monster size looks like enough for a whole group of friends. I wish their walls were more decorated, but I'm sure they're working on it.I highly recommend this place, you won't regret it.
5	Just get the coconut. Oh, & one for you too.What can I sing that hasn't already been sung? It's not froyo; it's not ice cream. It's in between those two worlds! They've come together in snowy matrimony and brought planet Earth... Snowflake.Not ready to part with your 3.99 something + plus tax? Don't burst a pimple, ask for simple.. Oops, I meant sample. Give your self enough to time to take it all in, ample. Alright, enough. Did you try it yet? I mean the sample is free. Just like killer whale Willy. Go get some!
5	Best snow ice place in Vegas, not as good as the original in so. Cal and not as many flavor but still recommended. Fast and friendly service, 5 stars!
5	The best gem in Vegas.  The flavors are so simple and fresh.  The shavery is like eating snow and clouds.  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  The sizes are awesome, and affordable.  The employees are super awesome and the environment is simple and clean.  I think since the first time I went last Sunday I have been in three times.  And I hope  there are more visit in the future!.
4	I was on yelp and it was a toss up between SnowFlake Shavery & Kuma Snow. But the reviews for the SnowFlake Shavery won me over. The 2 girls behind the counter were so sweet and explained how everything works and the most popular flavors and combinations. She even offered all of us samples. I sampled the green tea and the black sesame. The black sesame was so delicious and nutty.  I also love the fact that they use no artificial flavors to make their snow. They actually roast the black sesame there before making it. I got black sesame snow with red bean, Mochi bits, egg pudding, and sweet condensed milk. My daughter shared it with me and loved egg custard. It was amazing. The texture is like nothing I have ever tasted before.
5	I always come here for desert after eating at Curry Zen (which is right next door). Although, they have other awesome flavors, I always seem to gravitate towards getting the mango with fresh strawberries, lychee jelly and the passion fruit poppin balls. My ultimate favorite! Plus they have a rewards card. Each purchase gives you stamp closer to a free shaved snow with one topping!The workers are always pleasant.
5	Freaking delicious desserts. This may be shaved ice, but if you're expecting raspas, prepare to have your mind blown. Found this place using the Yelp app last night after dinner, and headed over- ordered 3 different Cool Combos to share among our trio, and they were all amazing.The Ex-straw-binary was the perfect explosion of strawberry- Phillip's ode to this flavor is spot-on. Every ingredient works together perfectly without being disgustingly sweet, which is what I was afraid of.The black sesame sensation was my pick, and if I may say so, it was the best. The mochi totally makes this treat stand out, and it's easily something I can picture having as a treat in Japan on NYE.Final flavor we tried was the extreme chocolate- which is more of a chocolate-covered strawberry flavor, since it includes the fresh fruit. Much better than expected, actually.All the desserts were shared and devoured in record time, with extras left over and packed into the freezer for later. Portions are huge and well priced: $3.50 for a small that is easily 1.5 pints of a regular dessert portion. Service was fairly good too- only two employees but both were super sweet, working together to get orders out and make sure customers were satisfied. Decor is simple but cute, love the anime seal mascot painted on the wall and on the punch cards- speaking of punch cards, extra star for customer service due to cashier giving an extra stamp to celebrate our first visit.Between Monta, Zen, and Big Wong, this plaza is desperately in need of a dessert place, and this is a perfect pick. I'd go out of my way to return here, and probably will.
3	Snow flake still makes the best product in Vegas by far. I'm taking 2 stars because the (suppress tourettes) "guy" on day shift either had a problem with me for no reason or is just a shit worker. Hey guy if you do have a problem with me we can take care of it, if not act like a professional.  Swing shift workers have always been professional, friendly and creative. The first time i had a problem with the day shift guy he just seemed slightly grumpy and had the personality of robot then serves my creation in a cup that hadn't been used but was already written on from a previous order that must have changed their mind. Not gross but not professional at all. Eat the cost of that cup buddy. Today I go in an he's chatting up a girl who was a first timer. Very friendly and informative to her. I come up and he begins robot mode and makes my large creation about 2/3 was full. I understand measurement but be consistent. I got the large to get 2 flavors but I received a small in size. The tip jar was empty when I came in. The girl he was chatting up didn't tip, no one in the morning must have tipped but I tipped $1 and whatever the change is for a large costs paying with $6. so I'm guessing about $1.86. Not a large tip but going from zero to something, feign appreciation and pretend to smile. A great product is nothing with out at least average service. I will not return on day shift. I will only return on swing shift so the tips are gone, my family members are gone all because day shift guy is unprofessional. Swing shift and product is still 5 stars.
5	Great place! Great service and awesome prices. The flavor swill all amazing. I had the black sesame and my husband had the mango. Both were great.
5	Im luvin the light texture of the snowflake ice cream. There are a lot of choices & toppings. The Gson & I went basic with the Cookie Dream. He luvd it. We shared a small for $4 n' change. Well enough for the both of us. I like the ambience of the cute lil store. We WILL be back. We walked from our apt. to here. Uhhh ohhh
5	Greeted right when you walk in the door by the nice staff. I got the mango w/ lychee jelly and mochi and it was sooo good! Will be back soon :))
5	This place was so awesome it replaces ice cream for me.
4	The shaved ice is made with natural ingredients. It is extremely delicious, abundant and affordable. Love the choice of flavors since it differs with each season. When you walk in you have to choose a flavor, topping and sauce. Topping such as fresh fruits(strawberry, mango, banana, and etc) other topping such as oreos, cheesecake bites, mochi, red beans and etc. Finally is the sauce such as sweeten condensed milk, strawberry condensed milk, chocolate and camel. They also have another menu which I did not noticed until reading about it on yelp.  The texture of the shave ice is delicious and different. This place is a great place for couples or children. They have very limited seating. This place will be perfect for the summer months but still enjoyable during the winter months. I ordered the Vanilla with mochi and oreos topped with condensed milk. It shaved ice seem like layers of ice sheets which is different from the Ais kacang version that I am used to. I will be back in the summer months!
4	This place is good but comparing this place to kuma snow cream all because they include the toppings. In my own opinion kuma snow has a better texture.
5	Snow ice should really be renamed snow fluffies or something because holy crap this stuff is so soft and delicious and heavenly (but not heavy at all!).They have 3 different sizes and a variety of flavors to choose from. The two largest sizes allow you to get more than one flavor in one container. Each order comes with 2 toppings and a sauce for free! There's also a blackboard with pre-made combinations of snow ice and toppings for those of you who are a little lost or indecisive. Personally, I've really been liking the medium size filled with half mango and half strawberry snow ice and topped with gummy bears and passion fruit popping boba. It satisfies my sweet tooth without making me feel like crap afterwards.The employees are all young and pretty friendly and accommodating as well so no problems here. The place itself is quite small so seating might be hard to come by at certain times and the place is pretty bare. SnowFlake is most definitely one of those no-frills places that sells one really good specialty item that everyone loves.Oh yeah, get a stamp card. Good base price but of course that wouldn't be the case if you decide to get every single topping and sauce. Green tea is usually my favorite when I'm not craving sweets or candy. They also have lids so you can take your fluffy cloud of happiness to go! There's just something magical about how it holds its form in the container but melts in your mouth in a way that makes you wanna say "mm mm good" (sorry Campbell's chicken noodle soup - you can't even compare).
5	Snowflake was fantastic! I had the green tea with mochi, taro and condensed milk. Loved it!
5	I absolutely love this place. Their "snow" has a creamy, light and fluffy texture with no icy-ness like their competitors. Their flavors are spot-on and taste so fresh and natural. You know their snow is being made with REAL ingredients not processed powders or flavorings. I've tried several of their flavors from strawberry and the seasonal banana to more exotic ones like black sesame and green tea. They also offer tons of toppings to satisfy everyone - Oreos, gummies, fresh fruit, taro, mochi, and egg pudding are some of my favorites. No matter what you pick you cannot go wrong! Go NOW! You won't be disappointed.
5	Love this place. Definitely the best one in vegas. Service is great and seasonal flavors are always on point. Flavors are real and not artificial. Can't say more.
5	Better than kuma. X10 the flavors are so much more on point and it doesn't taste like gelatin or whatever binder they use for the snow ice.
4	One word, Awesome! My kids want to go all the time!
4	Excellent and a go to when my family is in town.  Usually, my family requests multiple trips.  I've taken many kids here and its never disappointed.However, I can't help but compare it to Blockheads.  The flavors at Blockheads are much better, but I think they are more artificial.  Not exactly sure about this, but I've been told by a reliable source.  Its nothing like most people have ever had so either you love it or your just a little confused by it.  The shave ice is infused with flavor, but most toppings are more of an asian (I believe Taiwanese) style.  So its a must if you've never been.  I love shaved ice from Hawaii (only specific places) and this is very different!  It is delicious and everyone should try it to appreciate something a little different.
4	Perfect for those hot days in Vegas. And if you're like my group of crazies, you'll even love this place when it's super cold out. Everything here is delicious, but my goodness, the black sesame is my absolute favorite. The green tea is also delicious.
5	I think it's time to renew the love for SnowFlake Shavery.I was out and about on Spring Mountain with my mom and aunt after a lunch, and they agreed to try a dessert place. Faced with the almost impossible choice between Art of Flavors and SnowFlake Shavery, Spoiler alert: didn't go for gelato.We arrived at the plaza and parked in front of the barber shop next door to jokes of "hey, it's time for my haircut." It probably is, but that's not the point. We walked into the Shavery and I was glad to see that we were the only customers. (Several others arrived after we completed our orders, so don't fret that they're in trouble or anything.)First off, I asked for green tea snow ice samples for my mom and aunt. They'd both chosen this flavor earlier with my help, and they enjoyed what they tasted so much that they each immediately ordered a small green tea ($3.51). My aunt added an almond topping, and my mom a mochi topping. Neither went for a sauce though. As for me, I went ahead with one of my regular choices, black sesame with mochi and condensed milk.We did some sharing of snow ice. It's been so long since I've had the green tea flavor that I didn't realize how inherently sugar-deficient it is. Whoa! I liked it anyway because of the intense matcha-ness, but I would have loved a sweet topping or some condensed milk. It just goes with the territory of dessert.The real highlight of the visit, however, was those sliced almonds! I had never tried them before, but as soon as I felt the crunch between my teeth, I was hooked. I had no idea how nice it would be to have that interplay between crunchiness and softness. Truly no idea. And it felt perfect. Moral of the story: try new toppings. An epiphany could just be waiting to happen.I absolutely agree that the hottest dessert place, so to speak, is currently Art of Flavors. I have been to that one multiple times and enjoyed many different gelatos and sorbettos, etc. etc. But SnowFlake is just as good as when it was the apple of everyone's eye in the Summer of '13. And now that the weather is starting to trend in that direction again, isn't it time to rediscover an old friend?
5	The girls are amazingly friendly. I got the extra-straw-binary and it was delicious. I cant wait to go back!
4	My Order: Black sesame sensation (black sesame, mochi, condensed milk), added strawberries, fruity pebbles, yogurt chipsPRO's: - Tasty! Creamy!- Great price for amount received- Next to great Monta Ramen restaurantCON's: - Limited parking at high peak times (dinner; weekend)- Wished that they would put more condensed milk into my order
4	I saw this place on one of  adventures in Chinatown and saw shavery and thought shave ice,WRONG! The flavors are premixed in the ice and they shave it super thin so it's light and fluffy but the flavor being blended in already makes it creamy. SnowFlake was a delightful surprise this being my first time here it was very easy to order even with the great selection. I loved the fact that they had pre-made combinations and descriptions, they even give out samples too. I landed on Mango with condensed milk and it was great a nice portion even for the small for $3 bucks cant beat it!
5	Oh ho ho, two words: black sesame.  I was HOOKED!  My BFF really also liked the mango and it paired really well with the black sesame.  The red bean topping was WAY too sweet for us.  Wished they served their shaved ice on fancy plates and had a more welcoming eating area.  The lady at the register was super friendly and we had about three samples before we purchased.  We came around 9 or 10pm on a Friday night. They have 3 or 4 tables and they were all taken. However soon the customers left and we were able to have a seat after we ordered.  Some 3-4 people were standing by the window...maybe they were just done eating their shaved ice. Don't know why but it was awkward that they were just standing there talking in their group.  Felt like high school or something.
5	Light fluffy desserts surrounded by frozen fractals all around. Green Tea and Vanilla are awesome, everything is cool when you're part of the Snowflake Shavery team!
5	Yummy!!!! Mucho mango is the bomb!!!! A must!!!! The staffs were really friendly and very knowledgable about what they are selling.
3	If you like the flavor of your desserts subtle and not too sweet, this is the place for you. When I have dessert, I like to have something decadent. The sweeter and creamier, the better. Maybe it's a White Midwestern thing. Don't get me wrong. The desserts at SnowFlake weren't bad and the service was very good. If I am trying to eat healthy or lose weight and want something sweet, I will be going to SnowFlake Shavery.
5	Best shaved snow I've ever had so far (from LA to HK)!! The various shaved snow options are so flavorful! Came with some friends and we all got different flavors to try; not one of us were disappointed with our selections. Love that this place is so unique and experimental with their flavors! Will be a must go place every time I come back to Vegas!!
5	I've loved this place since they were just a little truck in old Henderson! I'm so happy that these guys decided to open up a brick and mortar establishment closer to home. Their snow's flavor and texture is exceptional. You can tell that everything is made from real, natural ingredients not powders or mixes. I like that they offer a variety of flavors like classic vanilla and strawberry to more exotic ones like black sesame and coconut. I have tried a lot of their flavors and they are all tasty. The strawberry is a simple fresh tasting and light strawberry. The banana (a seasonal flavor that I wish they'd make part of their year round menu) is awesome too! But my all time favorite is black sesame. I don't know how to describe it so you've got to try it for yourself but I'm confident you'll become a black sesame convert!
5	Our first time here tonight. The girls there were so nice. Offered us samples and explained what it was. I am hooked! The black sesame seed tastes like peanut butter.
5	i was  really craving a snow cone seen this place decided to stop in  and all i can say is omg!! the flavors are fantastic and they also use fresh fruit toppings......... i had a ball tasting and talking with the friendly staff i decided to get a large  half strawberry  half coconut  with a strawberry topping and strawberry condensed strawberry milk i ate it so fast i wanted another sure will stop in again and quite often!!
4	So I've tried places like this before, and I've always liked the combos of shaved ice with fresh fruit, sweetened condensed milk, and this place is really good.  I was kinda bummed though that they ran out of green tea, I'm sure it's popular, that's why I wanted it.  The half coconut/black sesame with fresh mangoes and sweetened condensed milk was super yummy. I would have given them 5  stars, but didn't simply because of lack of seating.  Maybe 10 seats at two tables, which were all full, no outdoor seating at all, which sucked since we went here for dessert after eating sushi for dinner.  Not very romantic for date night.  :/. I might go here again, but when someone else is driving so my ice won't melt.
5	We at it again!!! This tome with our nephews and nieces!!! We got chocolate with condensed milk, mucho mango, strawberry and oreo dreAm
3	It was eh. But it's better than Kuma, so I'll give them that. Compared to Kuma their snow ice is MUCH more flavorful. And their pricing is unbeatable considering their cup sizes are freaking gigantic. This place wasn't bad but it wasn't "oh my god I need to go back" status either. But my boyfriend really enjoyed it, so idk. I'm starting to think I'm just not a fan of snow ice in general.
5	Pick the flavor they have black sesame & taro. Mix toppings with your favorite iceI'm always a fan of condensed milk & Mochi
5	After a huge dinner down the road, we decided to grab some dessert! Shaved snow has always been a Hawaii favorite, along with shaved ice. The difference between the two, is that shaved snow is much more light, fluffy and soft! Definitely preferred the snow! I've never been to SnowFlake, but I was super excited to check this place out!First off, it's in a great location! The same shopping center as Big Wongs, Zen Curry and Raku? What an amazing one stop shop! When I approached the location, I noticed it was super small! Only 3 tables in the joint, so come early! The walls are baby blue adorned with Japanese art and snowflakes. When you approach the counter, you'll notice a couple of boards: one board with premade desserts and one board with the option to create your own. It's pretty simple: You choose the flavor of snow, then the toppings and last, the sauces. The hostess was pretty knowledgeable. She told us about the snow process. Water and flavored 2% milk frozen together which creates a super smooth texture. For my dessert, I started off with taro flavored snow. For my toppings, I went with mochi, egg pudding and passion fruit popping boba. My sauce of choice was condensed milk. SUCH A WONDERFUL COMBINATION! Super sweet, lots of different textures and the snow was on point! The base cost for the bowl was $3.51 but after all the toppings, it came to a little over $5. Listen, if you have never tried shaved snow, you are missing out! In a hot place like Vegas, who doesn't like this stuff?!  When you're in the area, you've gotta stop by and try them out. You will not be disappointed!
4	Comparing this place to Kuma Snow:SnowFlake offers less variety of Snow flavor options (it's not a bad thing) and different ones such as Seasme, while Kuma Snow has new flavors every so often & every season give take like Red Bull, Banana, Milk Tea, etc etc.Both places have similar toppings but SnowFlake is definitely cheaper if u want few or closer to no toppings ($3.50 for snow, no topping, then $.50 additional per topping) Bun and I agree this place has better strawberry snow ice(it taste real) than Kuma snow. What stood out here was they also has strawberry condensed milk too.Give it a go if you're in the area!
4	OK, after reading the reviews I decided to try this place. We are fans of Halo-Halo, Purple Penguin and the light snowy ones at Shabu-Shabu and have now added this one to our list. I enjoyed the concept of the pre-flavored ice being frozen and shaved. To me it was a very different texture and I thoroughly enjoyed it. We bought the mucho mango and the coconut ones off of the "combo" board and were very happy. Will definitely return on our next trip to Spring Mtn Road.
5	I LOVE this place!  I might have to let go of my froyo addiction...it's that good!  I think this place used to be located in a food truck under a different name and has done so well they expanded to a store.  Located on Spring Mountain road in a shopping center in the middle of Chinatown is a good location.  Not to mention its close to my work so I can go like...ALL THE TIME!  :pThey offer 3 sizes: small, large and monster.  It's shaved snow...that taste like heaven.  No, it's more like silky, lacy ice ribbons.  It's flavored in chocolate, coconut, green tea just to name a few.  They have several ready made combos, but you also have the option to be creative and make your own.  I love the Extreme Chocolate and like to add caramel sauce to their combo.  They have fresh fruit, sprinkles and sauces.  I don't feel as guilty when eating this treat.Warning...the parking can be a challenge.  It's a busy area.  There are only a few tables and when it's busy, it's super crowded.  There really isn't space for outside seating, but that would be a cool idea.
5	I've been to SnowFlake Shavery three times already, and I've never been disappointed. I'm so glad my cousin took me here and introduced this place to me because this is the BEST shavery I've ever been to.I always get the one with the oreos in it? I forgot the name, but all I know is that it's some bombdiggity goodness. If you're an oreo cookie lover like me, you'll love that one. I didn't know what to expect when I first tried it out, but I didn't expect it to taste just like ice cream. BUT BETTER! It was delicious and creamy, plus it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet! Best part of it all? The servings are pretty big PLUS the prices are really affordable!You MUST try this place out!
5	Definitely an awesome place to cool off from the triple digit heat!  Service is always great and the recommendations combination of favors, toppings and sauce is always on point!    The servicing cup sizes look deceiving.. I ordered the small and later thinking I should have ordered the large.. But when I got my order it was more than enough!
4	Nice dessert after dinner. The mucho mango is good. Will try it the next time I come back to Vegas. Time to get 10 and get 1 free
3	Decent place for shaved snow.Maybe I'm a little spoiled by the great shaved snow in California, but I thought it was just average here. Very limited flavors and toppings, and the texture was okay but not as fluffy as I would have liked. It's not bad, but a bit too milky for my tastes.I tried the Smooth Green Tea, Mucho Mango, and Cookie Dream. I didn't like the red beans in the Green Tea, and the Cookie was okay. My favorite was the Mango one but even then the flavor was very artificial and not fresh.I might come back if I was in the area and it was really hot, but I'd just as likely try to find another place.
4	1st time here and I am happy that they clean the blade off because I was allergic to chocolate. Had the vanilla w/ strawberry topping. Very delicious!
5	This place is fantastic! It is hidden, sure, but well worth it. It is a light, fun dessert. They have a great selection of "snowflake" flavors with plenty of toppings to choose from. It is an unique product and they do it right. I always get a monster, hey, if I am going to venture to that part of town I better make it worth it! The black sesame is just delicious, throw on some shaved coconut and mochi and you have a flavor explosion! It is usually packed so the wife and I need to eat it in the car. We feel like we are doing something sneaky and it makes the experience even more fun!
5	The sign on the wall describes it best, it's like ice cream and shaved ice got married and had a baby. And what a beautiful baby it is! My friends had been raving about this new thing called snow ice and with a teething baby at home, it was the perfect opportunity to give it a try. The place is tiny, but very clean. The people behind the counter were super welcoming. They walked us through the menu and told us a bit about the process. They even offered us a stamp card, which we took, knowing we would be in love with the product. My husband, baby, and I tried the ex-straw-binary. The small size was plenty for all three of us, I can't imagine getting anything bigger. The snow ice came off in a nice fluffy long sheet. It had a mild strawberry flavor that was accentuated by the chopped fresh strawberries and the strawberry condensed milk on top. It was absolute perfection. It made my teething toddler smile like I hadn't seen in days. It truly is the perfect light treat for a hot day. You don't feel bogged down like you do after a giant bowl of ice cream, but it takes care of those pesky sweet cravings. The best part, they use all natural ingredients, no artificial flavors.We will definitely be back and I can't wait to try more flavors; everything looks so good.
4	First time trying snow and it did not disappoint!Coconut delight (4 stars): If you love coconut and pineapple you must get this! Very refreshing. The pineapple chunks were sweet and the coconut shavings were great with it. Just couldn't taste much coconut flavor in the snow but the shavings made up for that. Taro: I don't like taro but I tried it anyway. Didn't taste too much like taro to me though.Green tea: I don't like green tea flavored desserts either, this definitely tasted like green tea so if you like that you should get this. The small size is pretty big! So share if you want. They have recommended combos or you can make your own. Their combos look really good though so I'd stick with that. Service (5 stars):The ladies working were really nice. Atmosphere:Small place, but clean. Got busier the later it was.
4	Snowflakes has been a family fave since living here in Vegas  especially in this Vegas heat...portion sizes are big and prices are reasonable...my girls fave has to be the  chocolate with fresh strawberries, choco sauce and choco sprinkles...they haven't went outside the box and will be a surprise if they ever do...my and my other half has tried other flavors and like it... Highly recommended! So enjoy guys!
3	I had the chocolate  with chocolate chips and rainbow sprinkles and red beans.  It was pretty good, should have did without the red beans.  They use the small ball sprinkles instead of the long ones.  The service was super good and friendly so maybe I would come back.  I do want to try the green tea flavor.
4	The best , love this place !
5	Down to business. My main go to flavor is the Coconut, though everything I have had or sampled has been delicious. You can come here and go with a straight flavor, like chocolate, or coconut, then build your own with 50 cent toppings, or go with their favorites list. The snow is made with no synthetic ingredients, and not overpoweringly sweet. Oh yes, and getting a small size is deceptive. You get a lot of snow, so going to a larger size will serve to increase the time of enjoyment. I would like to think most folks could get a large and easily share.My recommendation is-Coconut delight- add boba for some extra fun.
5	Love it!  We normally hit Kuma Snow on the weekend, but we decided to try this place instead. I had coconut snow, pineapple, almonds, and passion popping boba. Just the flavor of the snow was AWESOME. Great feature, and a sufficient number if toppings to choose from. As much as I love Kuma, the flavor of their snow is not as strong as I would like for it to be. Shave Snow's snow is very flavorful, even on its own. We will DEFINITELY be back.
5	Love this place, wish they had more seating, there are only 3 tables. I like the coconut with condensed milk.
4	Best place for shaved snow in Vegas. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the small space so can't really enjoy a sit down with someone or people without it getting crowded quickly. Service is awesome and quick. Didn't take very long to get our order after paying. The two girls working were all smiles and very courteous. Oh and the fruit, sweet and fresh, unlike some places with fruit toppings where they are either not ready or have been sitting out for a while. Overall satisfied.
4	SnowFlake Shavery.I've been wanting to come out here for a few months now, after reading several rave reviews...I had NO idea where it was though!  I pulled up the map, but for some reason, my directionally impaired self thought it was not as far down on Spring Mountain as it is.One night, while driving my fella to work, I spotted it!  The holy grail!  If I could have dropped him off just an hour and a half earlier, I could have stopped, since they are open til midnight on weekdays, but alas, the 2-10 am shift sucks, and I don't leave the house til 1:30am.So.  Yesterday, fella and I went to a park for Ife's birthday, and almost melted outside.  Driving home, fella says..."Didn't you want to try an ice cream place, or something?"I love this man...he just gets my need and love for dessert.  We parked, and walked in to a packed little place, with seating on one wall, completely full. The girls behind the counter were personable and asked if we'd been in before.  When we said we hadn't, she asked if we'd had snow before, and we said no.  So, she educated us about this delightful treat.We ordered, and decided to keep it simple for the first go:  plain strawberry for my fella, and green tea snow with sweetened condensed milk on top for me.I can't even describe the texture of this treat.  A sign on the wall says that shaved snow is what happens when shaved ice and ice cream meet and have a baby. (or something close to that.)That's a pretty accurate description.  It has a creamy texture, but is light, and looks like little sheets of tissue paper!  So good.I will absolutely be back, to try other flavors, and to try some more of the toppings too.My only issues are:1.  It was REALLY warm in there.  I mean...its 111 degrees outside, and you're selling shaved snow...it should feel a little cooler inside.2.  The sizes are ridiculous.  PORTION CONTROL people!  The small was enormous.  I'm going to have to inquire if they have a "child size" cup, because even being as light as this was, it was still way too much.
2	I was actually excited to try this place after reading a lot of the raving reviews here on Yelp. Better than Kuma Snow Cream??? No way, I love Kuma! I stopped by one day after work. My first impression was that this place looked and felt ghetto. Their menu was written on chalkboards on the walls. For a second, I felt like I was back in elementary school or something. But whatever, as long as the snow was good, what did all that matter, right? Customer service was great. The employees were friendly and they were more than happy to explain the menu to me. I was in a cookies and cream kind of mood, so I decided to try the cookie dream, which was Vanilla snow, Oreos and chocolate sauce. They also gave me a stamp card. Each purchase = 1 stamp, so if you buy 2 small snows, you only get one stamp. 10 stamps = a free small snow with 1 topping. They gave me 2 stamps because it was my first time there. Major Disappointment!! I know its Vanilla, but come on, even Vanilla has a taste! I was basically eating crushed Oreos in chocolate sauce over unflavored shaved ice. Buying a container of cookies and cream ice cream at Walmart would have tasted better than this! I also didn't like how they wrote down the flavor and toppings with a permanent marker on the cup. Again, it wouldn't have mattered if it was actually good!A few months later, I decided to give them another chance. Maybe I just ordered the wrong combo before. The husband and I came here after eating dinner next door at Curry Zen. Tried to order something simple this time around. We shared a small Green Tea snow with condensed milk and mochi. We both thought it was pretty bland. There was only a hint of green tea flavor and they barely put any condensed milk on top. Sadly the mochi was the best part, it was nice and soft.Sorry Yelpers, I am disappointed with you all on this one. Kuma may be more expensive, but their snow has much better flavor and they are not stingy with the toppings! Sorry Snowflake, you need to step up your game. I will gladly drive further down to Kuma any day!
3	It was refreshing to get something cool after coming in out of the hot sun, the customer service was great and the they were good at selling the product. Unfortunately it wasn't the best product it was bland on flavor and even if they were going for the simpler flavors with a more refreshing experience I still found it lacking. The strawberry snow I got was slightly flavored but that's about it. The list of toppings was a too long and the colors made it difficult to look at so I went with just plain snow. And I felt like that's what I was eating! Back in New York I think the fresh snow after a storm has the same flavor add a glass of milk and half a strawberry and that's the same thing... I was looking forward to getting something really good and I was disappointed.
4	we were looking for Sweets Raku (no sign outside, look for silver spoon) and ended up at Snowflakes.  It is such a fun place.  The ice shavery is creamy like ice cream.  I would definitely come back.
4	Just updating from my last visit there.. the snow is awesome! It looks nice and tastes good. But from my last visit, the guy who was working behind the counter started yelling at the customer that was just eating and apparently doing something that was bothering the employee (or the owner I might say). Like YELLING. Its none of my business but it made me feel REAL uncomfortable and I was so scared! I felt like he was gonna start fighting him! Lol. I was ordering and he just started yelling like in a rudish way. So I was at the counter just waiting until he was finished and so I can complete my order. My dad actually went inside with me because he heard the yelling and pointing & he was worried. I'd still come back though maybe...
1	Super bummed. I read great reviews on yelp so I decided to give it a try one afternoon after eating at Monta. So from what I was told, this is the "the combination of hawaiian shave ice and ice cream." Shaved down into slivers and topped with various goodies. Sounds good right? I know. Was it good? Absolutely not. Completely underwhelming would be a good description. I mean come on. Its like watered down ice cream. Its like someone is seriously trying, and then successfully selling you 1/4 strength ice cream. Ok, imagine taking the ice tray from your freezer, adding water, a little bit of milk, shaving it after being frozen and Presto! you've got Snowflake.  You get a little flavor and not much more. I would have much more preferred actual ice cream or, perhaps call me crazy, fro-yo.  The store's inside condition was pretty dismal looking at best. At a lackluster for sure. It made any attempt to enjoy its depressing product even more depressing. On the plus side, its staff was friendly and mostly helping.
5	First time going to this place and it was quick, easy, and everything was in front of you. They had already pre-set flavors OR you can create your own. I didn't feel like creating my own, so I just went with their strawberry flavored one. Right after I ordered it, it took about literally 5 minutes or less and they already handed me my shaved ice. Tasted yummy, like yogurt and ice cream together. Totally what I needed and will definitely be coming back here again. :)
5	I've never had shaved ice/ice cream. It was incredible. The perfect end to our ramen lunch on a hot day. I ended up getting the chocolate with egg pudding (think flan without the cream), mochi, and topped with sweet condensed milk. It was so good! I kinda wish I had traded the mochi in for corn flakes though as the unsweetened and slightly-salty flakes would have mellowed out the condensed milk and enhanced the chocolate.Guess there's always next time though!
5	Seriously so so good! Their mascot is a little seal and it's super cute. They use fresh snow (shaved ice cream) and all of their fruits are also fresh. The employees are all so nice and I even got free samples of passion fruit popping bobas, which are fantastic btw. They even have a curry place right next door, so it's perfect for a lunch/dessert date. I will definitely be going back!
3	Snow ice according to the store is the culminating marriage of ice cream and shaved ice. While I can agree with that, snowflake shavery has too much "ice cream" that the layers that characterize it aren't all that district and are served in big fro yo bowls that make it hard to get evenly distributed condensed milk. Cookie dream and green tea are soso- the green tea is far superior with the red bean. But I can't knock on it too much given the price.I wish there was more seating inside: ultra hard to fit a large group!
5	When we visit Vegas, we are always trying new things and venturing off the beaten path.  OK, so an ice cream shoppe is not that adventurous, but we were with the kids.  That being said, we had no idea what to expect at a 'shavery'.  WOW.  The texture is something I can't describe, other than I crave it again.  The flavors we tried were fantastic, Chocolate, Cantaloupe, and Mango.  The staff were friendly and funny, and the customers consisted "nice" people.   We are heading back again this afternoon.  Bravo Encore.
5	This is the spot to go to after lunch (or dinner) at Zen Curry or Monta! The owner is extremely nice. The portion size of a small is a good decent size. Definitely enjoy having this on a hot summer day in Vegas and I find the texture a lot better than Kuma Snow which is located down the street on Spring mountain and valley view(?).
2	The strawberry shaved snow lacked flavor, but the mango was pretty good. There's a decent amount of variety of toppings too. However, the guy working there gave terrible customer service (that's why this is 2 stars instead of 3). He was not friendly at all, and asked me close the door with attitude when the customer after me left it open. Never even got a thank you or a smile the entire visit. He gave me the bowl dripping and sticky with syrup. Overall, the desert was good but the attitude would keep me from wanting to come back.
5	The best snow I've ever had. The coconut is ridiculous. I had to go back the day after to get more!
5	This is a cute little hole in the wall that tastes like a slice of heaven. The line was long but it is definitely well worth the wait! The small amount of tables makes for limited seating but they clear out quickly.I had the strawberry snow with lychee jelly, passionfruit popping boba, mochi, and sweetened condensed milk.My mom had the coconut delight which I believe comes with coconut snow, pineapple, coconut flakes, and sweetened condensed milk and she added mango to it.They were both so delicious, I preferred mine since I'm not a huge fan of pineapple.They are sweet but not overwhelming and the small size was perfect since they are made with generous toppings and snow.They also have stamp cards! Yay! Lol
5	BEST SHAVED ICE/SNOW EVER!yes, and I have been to class 302 if you're wonderingGreen Tea Shaved Snow with Condensed Milk and Red Bean- potent green tea flavor, beans were the right texture and you can't go wrong with condensed milk!Black Sesame Shaved Snow with Condensed Milk and Mochi- excellent strong nutty taste from the snow and the mochi was super FRESH.  there was no hint of dryness at all, I could probably snack on those all dayHELL YEA I WOULD COME HERE AGAIN, i'll probably try everything on the menu eventually with all these trips to vegas
5	I've never had shaved ice like this before! They said it would be like a cross between shaved ice and ice cream and I was not sure what to expect but I was not disappointed!! Portions are huge. Two friends and I shared a small black sesame and it was the perfect after lunch sweet. Wish I lived closer so I could come back all the time!
4	Although the service can be achingly slow (there is only one working shaved snow machine), the shaved snow is delicious (especially the mango - my favorite).  Portions are huge so I tend to share a bowl with my hubby.  All of the flavors are pretty distinct and the flavors are pretty true.   Clean premises and friendly staff round out a nice dessert shop.  It probably needs more seating; but otherwise a great dining experience.
4	Small ice cream place but the ice cream are so good. Good severe and service and friendly . They have all the flavor for ice cream and I love it when I can add boba and more stuff in the ice cream. Just move to Vegas and this is my new ice cream place I'll come back.
5	Right near Monta Ramen.  Fantastic dessert for the hot desert!  Staff is really friendly.  Green tea shaved ice is really good.  Small size is generous and easily feeds two folks.
4	new snow ice shavers on town, opened a few months ago.  their combo flavors are pretty good as well as their snow ice.  black sesame seems to be a big hit with them. it's just north of Chinatown and it's a smaller cafe.  no ac, so it sucks waiting around and eating in their cafe for they have one running fan.  aside that minor set back it's worth giving a shot.  won't disappoint.  don't be out off by the looks of it, their snow ice is pretty good.
5	We read so many good reviews and photos on Yelp that we HAD to travel here. We were not disappointed. There was one staff member on duty and she was friendly and awesome. She explained what shaved ice is and how the menu worked. I was torn on between 5 deliciously described shaved ice creations, and settled for the ex"straw"binary with added bananas. My party ordered the mango, and green tea. We also got a punch card with one free punch for being a first time customer. The final products were picture perfect desserts worthy of quick snapshots while our mouths watered. The ex"straw"binary was DELICIOUS. the shaved ice texture is amazing. The mango and the green tea shaved ice was also amazing. The bad mood I was trying to forget was quickly vanquished and replaced by shaved ice splendor. We will definitely return. This place was awesome!
5	I have tried all of their menu items and they are all good. The prices and portion size are very good in comparison to Kuma down the street. The place is pretty small could use a TV or something to spice the place up but I guess they want people to go in and out not to hang out.
5	I had the greatest pleasure of stopping here twice and i will stop again and again. This is the very best shaved snow i have ever had. Rather than just shaved ice, this a well infused flavorful delicacy that delights the palette.  I bow to the innovation of such a well made desert. Staff very friendly,  knowledgeable amd efficient.  The place is clean. Decor extremely inviting. I urge everyone to stop by here when in vegas. Not to be missed. Forget the slot machine. The winner here is the shaved snow delight.  Kudos.10 stars
4	I'm not a stranger to shaved ice desserts *cough* grew up on halo-halo *cough* but snows are a whole new level. I had this place bookmarked for a while but when you do something crazy and outrageous like - I don't know - not really eat sugar, mostly eat keto, mostly do paleo, it's hard to keep up on your ever growing list of dessert places that you drool about. But that's a me problem. Moving on... Friends were in town so we met up for dinner and, upon deciding that we were full but not too full for dessert, SnowFlake Shavery immediately came to mind. For those new to or unfamiliar with the area, SnowFlake Shavery is in a strip mall on Spring Mountain just east of Decatur. But it's not just any strip mall; it's one packed to the brim with good eating. Therefore, parking can be a bit cramped. The interior is small so don't roll deep and plan to sit around all day. Actually, most people seemed to order their shaved snow and leave. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by two cheery and welcoming individuals. Unfortunately, the second we saw the menu, one of our friends realized the flavor he had his heart on - strawberry - was already sold out. However, the team behind the counter checked and insisted they could eek out one more order's worth. Excited, he placed an order for mango and strawberry. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=PUSYRD-z4g_IjIq9NhQjOA&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlAHis order ended up being my favorite. Both flavors were the perfect level of sweetness but not (prepare yourself for a favorite food show word that I try not to use but can't avoid here) cloyingly sweet. Also, I'm in love with the texture. First of all, the snow delicately layered and served is just absolutely beautiful. That texture carries through upon eating - it felt delicate, yet wonderfully cold and creamy with a really clean finish. I've had snow just once before and didn't think much of it. Clearly, I didn't have the real deal before. Our other friend ordered green tea with red beans. I fail at life and didn't catch a photo of this but, again, the flavor was spot on. Our third friend ordered the Cookie Dream, which is vanilla snow with chocolate sauce, topped with oreos. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tnOKDgF9BW1bAlKFcjPtaQ&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlAThis flavor was rather daunting. We all like the individual components but agreed something was off on the whole. I think if the cookies were more ground up they would complement the fluffy ice much better. Still yummy! My husband and I decided to split a small custom cup of vanilla snow with chocolate whipped cream and passion fruit jellies. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=_tD5d-QmoHc-DWWu_mMBsg&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlALet me first say that the jellies were just ordered as a side to our snow because we were curious. They were okay. The pop and juiciness was great but my husband wasn't fond of the passion fruit flavor. Now, the snow was fantastic. The chocolate whipped cream was OHMYGOSHIWANTMORE good. I would seriously eat just a bowl of that but, with the snow, it was that much better. I'm now curious to try the other flavored whipped creams. The portion of snow in a small was far more than my husband and I expected but, yet, we didn't feel completely stuffed at the end. The flavor and topping selection is well varied and the team was very knowledgeable of the product - proud, even (which I love)! In fact, one of our friends is now searching for similar treats in her area! Our group was able to put all our orders on one loyalty card so we're halfway done with just one visit. All in all, I was not disappointed and plan to come back soon.
4	The moment I tried shaved ice from Fluff Ice at Foodie Fest, I've been hooked on to fluffy ice cream! Unfortunately, Fluff Ice is only available in California. Lucky for me though, SnowFlake Shavery opened up with shaved ice cream! The place is small and it can be difficult to find a seat when it gets busy, but the shaved ice cream is worth it! I brought a large group of friends (10+ people) and they were very kind and patient with us (considering we were a little rowdy). The service is great, the prices are wonderful, and the shaved ice cream is phenomenal! I recommend the Smooth Green Tea combo. It tastes amazing! My friends have tired the mango as well and they love it. If you want, you can get a mix of flavors.I highly recommend this place!
5	This is our favorite dessert place in Vegas, very refreshing, not too heavy, tastes fresh and can customize toppings for a good price. All 3 of my kids love it and each have their own fave flavor- vanilla, mango & strawberry. I opt for black sesame, strawberry or coconut with condensed milk & mochi.
5	its a cross between ice cream and shaved ice. you can pick your flavor of ice and add whatever toppings you like. service was great when we came in a mondAy during lunch hr. the sweet girl let us try samples and we all fell in love with this new dessert! bring this to seattle please ! :)
5	This is such a fun little spot!  Their specialty is shaved snow...which is yummy!  Flavors include chocolate, mango, coconut, strawberry, and black sesame or something like that. There are topping options, for example fresh fruit and condensed milk.  Service was quick. The counter gentleman was wonderful--he explained menu options, gave me a sample, and was patient, friendly and sincere.  There's a few tables. The site is very clean and has an airy feel. Definitely a winner.
3	Cool spot to get some shaved snow in Vegas. Parking lot is big. Service was good.I got a small and it was huge. A group of 6 of us shared it.Small Green Tea w/ Strawberry Condensed Milk and Mochi - $4.45 - Green tea snow had good matcha flavor. A bit grainy at times. The mochi was not fresh at all. Tasted like store bought stuff. Strawberry condensed milk was unique and tasted decent. I wish they would layer the snow so that not all the condensed milk is on top and the bottom is just snow. Mixing the bowl gets messy and all over the place.
5	Best shaved ice I've had in a long time. I come from Hawaii born and raised and I'm used to the traditional shaved ice from Matsumoto's (near the North Shore of Oahu). I would recommend ex-strawbinary with mochi, boba and custard.Black sesame is amazing too, but an acquired taste.
4	It was our first time having shaved snow. Snowflake has a cute definition of shaved snow on their wall display - "When ice cream and shaved ice fell in love, got married and had a baby".  Our daughter had the mucho mango - mango snow, mangoes, condensed milk and added mochi and popping bursting passion fruit boba.  While my hubby and I shared the coconut delight - coconut snow, pineapple, coconut flakes, condensed milk. The shaved snow was an interesting texture of thin stacked layers of ribbons.  It was very light, flavorful and the shaved ice cream melts in your mouth right away. We really enjoyed our tropical sweet treats.
5	My go-to dessert place on the west side. Great service and everything is made well. Plus, there toppings are fresh.
3	Looks like another snow cream joint! Okay, I have to say their mango snowflake has a really strong and bold flavor and I love that! A lot of these places tend to have a light flavor and it takes away the idea of snow cream; so props to this place for perfecting the snow cream. However, I'm not too crazy about the toppings and the fact that you have to pay extra for them; I prefer kuma's toppings. On that topic,  I feel like this place is a bit overpriced, but that may just be me. The interior of this place is decent. I love the seal, I wish they had more merch with their logo, but maybe we'll just have to wait. I didn't feel like the place was very welcoming. Not all the workers seem to enjoy being there, and I'm not usually a person that requires customer service, but I think they could be more friendly to their customers, a simple "thanks for coming" couldn't hurt. Lastly, it seems more like a place to grab a cup and leave, like there aren't tvs or cool music to attract the younger crowd. They have good snow cream, just think they can improve their service a bit more!
5	Holy dessert! I am not a huge ice cream fan, and certainly not one of those people that HAS to stop for froyo. I saw this place through yelp & bookmarked it. I'm never on this side of town since it's so far from where I live, but last night I was over there and made my husband stop. I wasn't sure what to expect.. I figured I would be getting shaved Hawaiian ice with flavor & toppings, and it would be "pretty good". I was wrong. The staff was very friendly, and let us try samples. My husband and I ordered a large half mango half coconut, topped with Mochi & boba & condensed milk. We ate every last bite of this, a race with each other.. Battle of the spoons if you will. (& my husband doesn't usually go for this kinda stuff. He's the yogurt land froyo type, if you will..). Bless the ice cream & shaved ice baby! I only wish we had one of these closer.
4	**Yay! I'm a fan. I'm glad I revisited this place a few more time because I'm new to the shaved snow craze. Shaved snow is different, it's very light in taste, which is a huge turnoff for me, but when it's paired with a similar fruit it can be a light refreshing treat. The 4-stars is for the Mango Madness. I did not like the Black Sesame or the Green Tea with Red Beans.**The first time I came here was in December. I got the black sesame snow with mochi. It didn't taste like anything and I was already cold. Strike one!  I had to go again to see what these Yelpers were talking about. Fast forward, it's now summer and I'm hot. I don't want boba, I  do not want ice cream. So, I decide to try this shaved snow place again. I got the green tea with red beans. The green tea tasted like water-ice. But ice on a 110 day? That's a good thing! The red bean was good and plentiful, it was all I tasted, not bad for $5. I'll give this place another try. Foul ball!Today, I went back for the third time.... you know what they say, third time's a charm. I think I figured out this shaved snow thing. I got the Mango Madness and it was delicious. It was mango snow, fresh mangoes and condensed milk. I still couldn't taste the mango snow after a few bites but it complimented the fresh mangoes and condensed milk. Loved it. Now I know why Yelpers go mad over this stuff. Not a home run but good enough for first base! For $5 it's a cool treat for a hot day. But honestly, I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
3	Customer service needs work, and they need to better train their workers on how to handle the IPad swiper app.
5	This was my first time here, and we only stopped in because we ate dinner at a nearby restaurant, but what an awesome stumble on. The ladies behind the counter were really friendly and helpful while we took forever to make our decisions. I've had regular shaved ice before and enjoyed it, and I believe ice cream should be it's own food group, so I was excited to try the marriage of the two. It is excellent. Light and creamy and not too filling. We got vanilla with fruity pebbles and strawberry condensed milk. Fantastic combination. We will definitely be back.
5	This place serves delicious desserts! The staff was helpful and patient. This is the perfect dessert after enjoying a huge meal at one of the many delicious restaurants nearby; it's satisfying and sweet without making you feel like you're so full you never want to eat again. Definitely worth a stop.
3	So the treats are good, but the sizes are massive, even the small. I do like the flavors they offer and it tastes good. Here's the issue I have.... the place is dirty. If you look close there are dirt marks on the walls and baseboards and I'm a believer that where you have food, you should have cleanliness. i've been twice and saw the same dirt marks so they weren't knew, just simply untouched and uncleaned. I hope they take notice and start to clean their store, it can make all the difference b/w which snow place to pick next.
5	Omg! This is perfect for a hot day! The selection is simple yet tasty. I could easily have a large by myself. #fatgirlproblems.
4	Two words, black sesame.We noticed this place after getting ramen across the street and since we were waiting for a taxi, we decided to check it out. I find myself craving their black sesame snow ice months after leaving Vegas- it is that good. Wish we had it here in Dallas!
5	If you have ever had Taiwanese shave ice, this is it! If not, it's a cross between shave ice and ice cream! Just delicate slivers of creamy ice cream that melts like butter on your tongue! Not to mention the fun toppings to go with it! I got chocolate, with almonds, coconut whip cream (they make that themselves!), and dark chocolate drizzle! It was the ultimate to satisfy my chocolate craving!My hubby got green tea with red bean toppings and he loved it!Wish there was a Henderson location!
4	This was definitely different. I've never seen ice cream this way. Loved the toppings!!! The insane part is the ice cream stays freezing cold.
5	I came here after getting Monta Ramen. The guy working was super nice and friendly!I got the vanilla shaved snow with bananas, oreoes, and strawberry condensed milk. It was PERFECT. The vanilla snow actually had a vanilla bean taste. It was super light, had lots of flavor, and didn't melt right away like the shaved snow places back home in LA. I've never had strawberry condensed milk before, and I can't say much about it since he didn't put that much on. But I still liked what I got! Overall this place is great! They have a great variety of snow flavors and it's super light. Only downside could be the price. Pay for the size and 50 cents for toppings and sauce (first sauce is free!)Definitely will come back again! :)
5	My experience in this place has always been positive. It may be a bit hard to find at first, as it is tucked away in a Chinatown strip mall, but it's worth the search. I'm always greeted with a smile, my order is taken promptly, and the product is always consistent. It's sort of like shaved ice meets ice cream. It's hard to explain, you kinda just have to try it. There are at least 10 flavors at all times, and then an array of different toppings, ranging from Oreos to fresh cut strawberries. I'm not a fan of the more "Asian" flavors like green tea with egg pudding topping, so I'm happy there's a vanilla and chocolate option for people like me. I've tried this product before at a place called Kuma, but Snowflake is superior in every category (overall taste, topping choices, speed of service, consistent product).I always hope to see Danielle, as it seems that she's been there the longest and has everything under control. She is extremely professional and personable, and remembers me every time my girlfriend and I come in. It's refreshing to see that level of hospitality from a type of place that typically lacks in that area. I am a somewhat frequent visitor and will be coming back regularly in the foreseeable future.
3	Came in , great customer service . The shave ice was what I expected. Very creamy and the mochi topping was on point. Recommended dessert for a hot weather!
4	Easily my favorite frozen treat place!!! Forget about shaved ice, forget gelato, forget cold stone forget frozen yogurt. This stuff beats all of therm. Generous with fresh toppings, all the flavors taste like the flavors they should be, friendly staff and I love how the snow itself is not overly sweet. The only reason I'm giving it 4 and not 5 stars is the seating situation. There's only like 5 tables with hard wooden benches, and often the only choice is to carry out since it's so crowded.
4	Frozen yogurt?? You can kiss my ass now!! This is my new FAVE!!! I think it's frozen crack actually!!I'll have to go a few more times to confirm AND to feed my addiction!!!
5	This is one of the best snow ice we had in years!  Mango snow ice with strawberries and mochi is my favorite! All ingredients are fresh.  My daughter order black sesame combo and loved it! William, the owner, was friendly and helpful! Gave us great referral for restaurants in Vegas.  We took friends from Seattle there the next day and they loved it as well! Keep it up William!
5	You can truly taste the flavor of what you are eating. Mochi has a great texture to it. You can pick from the already made list of flavors or create your own which is convenient
5	Now, I finally get it.  After hearing so many people rave about shaved ice, I felt left out because I didn't find it very exciting.  Now that I have sampled the offerings at SnowFlake Shavery, I realize shaved ice can be much better than I thought.  I was very happy with my coconut, mango and mochi combo.  It was not too sweet and had a great texture.  Service was friendly, too.
5	Was here about 4 pm on Sun/14 Sep:- My Cali buddy wanted ice cream, I couldn't think of any such joints nearby and he's past the Baskin Robbins stage.  He reluctantly agreed to do SnowFlake.- He liked his order and said the large portion size was a bonus.  I'm not into sweets so I just got bottled water for $1 even (not $1.081).- Seoul Plaza also has Kung Fu Tea and Raku Sweets, so it's got everything covered as a foodies mini-mecca pilgrimage (cheap pre-meal drinks at Kilroys, eats at Trattoria Nakamura/Big Wong's/Raku, and now several dessert/cafe options).
4	Try the green tea with red beans and condensed milk! The shop is a little hard to find since it's tucked away in some construction. The menu is small. The service is good. There are only 3-4 tables, enough seating for less than 20 people. They give pretty large portions. A small is basically a serving equivalent to 2 measuring cups of ice cream. I look forward to coming back!
4	First, I love Shaved Snow. If you ever dare to call good shaved snow "shaved ice," I'd slap some sense into you and make you understand the differences. They are NOT the same.---Background: I've had shaved snow throughout SoCal, from the very good to the "mehh": Class 302, Blockheads Shavery, Tasty To Go, PaPa Walk, random mall stands/boba shops, Fluff Ice, Chilly Ribbons.---Texture:  Good/Great.Shaved like a good shaved snow where you can see the thin layers of snow.---Taste/Flavors:They have a good selection of flavors. I wish I could've tried more. The worker said the top flavors were: Mango, Green Tea, and Vanilla.I tried Black Sesame (because I've only ever seen it at Blockheads) and Vanilla (after asking if it had taste and he said yes, it's really good).The Black Sesame had a distinct black sesame flavor and it is pretty good. However, having experienced Blockheads Shavery's B.S. flavor, I would prefer Blockheads. It's flavor is more unique and I think a bit stronger. Also, the black sesame snow here did not shave as perfectly compared to the texture of that at Blockheads.The Vanilla. I'm used to places having "Original/Milk" flavor. Some, like Class 302's, are amazing. Blockheads' Original has no taste, in my opinion. When I asked, the worker said that they use actual vanilla. No lie. The shavings of the vanilla were perfect. The taste was like eating vanilla bean ice cream, but in a shaved snow form. I can see myself liking this, but I wasn't in the mood for vanilla bean ice cream at that moment so it was just alright. But I can certainly see the appeal, and the flavor is indeed strong.---Price/Portions:They have three sizes: Small, Large, MonsterI don't remember the prices exactly, but they were under $4, under $5, and under $7, respectively. Cheaper than what I am used to back in SoCal so that was a pleasant surprise. Not only that, but the portions were very generous. Either that, or I just wasn't hungry after lunch. I do think they are quite big though.Toppings are $.60 each, same as Blockheads, so it's on par. A drizzle/condensed milk is free, so that's standard as well.---Ambience:I went with family on a weekday after lunch. It was over 100 degrees. There was only two other guys hanging out inside. It was really quiet. The plaza itself also seemed quiet. There is construction going on on Snowflake's side of the Plaza, which isn't exactly pretty, but the businesses are all open.Inside the store itself, seems like it's a pretty quiet place most of the time. The place isn't very decorated, it's kinda bare. There is a definition of "shaved snow" plastered onto one wall (something about if shaved ice and ice cream got married and had a baby), which is basically the only decoration in the place. I didn't get the same vibe I have when I'm at Blockheads or even at Fluff Ice (whose shaved "snow" I don't particularly like), where it seems more friendly and fun and a color theme. Of course, none of this is important to the snow itself. I just wouldn't really sit in to eat at Snowflake (although it's tiny inside anyways)--- Conclusion:I don't know what other shaved snow places exist in/near Las Vegas, but I think this would be hard to beat. If I randomly moved to LV, I think I'd be satisfied having Snowflake Shavery nearby.  Unless Blockheads or Class 302 decided to pop up there lol.
5	I've been here more times than I can count since finding this place in April. Every time friends from out of town visit, they end up here. In the area to shop, go to Snowflake.  In the area after clubbing, Snowflake. Took mom to dinner, Snowflake.  The menu is broken down into three steps, choosing your flavor snow, then adding toppings like fruit, crumbled cookies, mochi, etc, and then adding a sauce on top.  They have pre-made suggestions on the wall, my favorites being the Smooth Green Tea and Black Sesame Sensation.  Both have sweetened condensed milk.  One has red bean, the other has mochi.  Depending on which one I get I add the other. They have mango, coconut, taro, chocolate, strawberry, other stuff friends have ordered I can't remember... This is better than any ice cream, gelato, halo halo, or pat bing soo out there.  I basically order my snow like it's a pat bing soo so there you go.
5	love this place!the portions are huge. we were able to split it between three people (after dinner). we got the mango with mango and mochi. it was really good. wish i had time to come back one more time. the staff was so nice and let us sample the black sesame too.
5	Excellent service!!! Everyone was really friendly and helpful for a first time customer. Tastes like very light fluffy ice cream. I got a small and its a lot. Freezes and keeps well.
5	I love this place! They give you really large servings for a great price. The chocolate flavor is delicious. Plus they have mini m&ms which are my fave! I definitely would recommend Snowflake shavery.
5	My favorite place in Vegas for a late night treat! The only negative is they don't have the calories anywhere! I would really like to know how many WW points the chocolate is :) Anyway this place is DELICIOUS! I go all the time and just get the plain chocolate so so good! Make sure you get a stamp card so you get your 10th one free. Enjoy!
5	after trying numerous shave ice in the past (Taiwan, LA and SF) this is one of the best shave ice that I have tried in the past. Class of 302 shave ice from Rowland Height/Irvine has always been my favorite place for shave ice. This the only place that is comparable to class of 302 shave ice. First you pick your shave ice flavor(I picked sesame and green tea) then pick your toppings such as pudding, mochi, red beans, taro, etc. ( i picked mochi, red bean, and pudding). The flavor of shave ice is so tasty and I could really taste the flavor sesame/green tea. the texture of the shave ice is so soft and it melt in my mouth. It is just AMAZING!I will come back when I visit Vegas next time.
4	Very solid and tasty dessert! If you don't know what shaved snow is, think about shave ice but instead of water and syrup, you shave flavored milk so it turns into a creamy delight in your mouth heh.. But really, creamy delight!It's tucked in a random strip mall along Spring Mountain and can be a little hard to find, but what on Spring Mountain ISN'T on a strip mall and hard to find sometimes?They have a large assortment of flavors and toppings that you can mix and match to your pleasure. I opted to try the black sesame with pudding and condensed milk the last time I came and the consistency of the snow and flavor were really good! I would definitely come back if I'm craving a frozen treat.The parking is ample and the possibilities are endless. What's not to like?
5	Very interesting and delicious! The taste is not what I expected doesn't taste like just Ice.. Actually has flavor because it's made with ice cream!
5	Very high quality shaved ice! For lactose-intolerant folks, be warned they use 2% milk in the ice so bring lactaid!!! Lots of flavors to choose from and toppings galore!!! Great alternative to traditional ice cream!
4	I really like this place. It's so good. Like a cross between ice cream and shave ice, like everyone previous to me may have said. I like the choice of flavors. Some are standard and others are on rotation. They have some nice choices for toppings. Personally, I prefer simple. Vanilla or green tea with sweetened condensed milk. The small is BIG enough for two people. I have brought my brother and both of my kids on separate occasions when they've come to visit and they all love this place too! My younger daughter insisted that we go back a second time in the same week. We went after Monta Ramen (which is in the same shopping complex) and got there just at closing (10pm) and the young man who was putting the chairs up and cleaning was kind enough to make us a small mango ice. He was very cheerful. We requested sweetened condensed milk on only one half and he said that it was hard to do only half on a small, so he upgraded us to a medium at no charge. I tipped him extra for his generosity. I am very impressed both with the quality of the product as well as the nice staff.I highly recommend trying this place out!
5	Stopped by SnowFlake Shavery right after a bowl of ramen...bad idea....but also a good idea!Determined to save some space in my tummy for a sweet treat, we stopped by for some ice!  Yum....flaky!  First time here, and boy were we in for some eats!SnowFlake is a nice little shop in the middle of a strip mall in Chinatown.  Be careful, parking is tight!  We had to park the SUV along the nearest street near the curb.  Short walk but no big deal.  Upon entering the place, you are nicely greeted by the two girls behind the counter.  One is the main cashier, other is your shavery artist.Now, don't get this ice confused with shave ice (the kind you find in Hawaii)...SnowFlake is a whole other beast!  Really fine shaved ice, but more layered is the best I can explain it.  But still totally b@dA$$!  The wifey and I were a bit zealous and didn't think the large would cut it.  So what did we do?  We went for the MONSTER!  Damn!  Big, big mistake since we just had ramen for dinner!  Cup may look small, but after adding the flavored ice and toppings, it was just ginormous!  Sharing is caring, right?For our monster size cup, we decided to go with the 'Cool Combos' board advice...and went with the Smooth Green Tea!  Green tea flavored snow, condensed milk, and red beans.  Smack my Mama and call me silly!  Friggin' delicious!  Like, super size delicious!  Our cup ended up being so heavy after the condensed milk and red beans were added.  But oh so tasty!  Green tea flavor of the snow was there, strong but not overpowering, and very satisfying to the palette.  The red beans added some nice sweetness to it (thankfully they were made correctly and not soggy), and the condensed milk put it over the top in richness!  This was no light dessert, not at all.  Silky, smooth, super decadent.  Was near ice cream like consistency.  The wifey and I could barely finish the behemoth, but we knew it wouldn't keep very well in the freezer so we plowed on through all that snow.  We were totally stuffed!We intend to be back to SnowFlake Shavery soon to try another one of their flavors.  It's nice they change it up on a regular basis so you don't get bored with their main flavors.  They will be taking my money!SnowFlake Shavery...Snow delicious!
5	It was a done deal after we saw Snow Flake shaved ice right next to where we were having lunch!  The whole family shared a large ice with black sesame and strawberry ice, red bean, Oreo, and sweetened condensed milk toppings!!  Completely awesome.
5	THIS IS THE BEST SHAVED ICE STATESIDE!What a way to end an epic trifecta of deliciousness. We started off with Curry Zen, followed by Trattoria Nakamura, and now some shaved ice to finish the night. After having mango shaved ice in the ever-popular Ice Monster in Taipei, I was sad to leave knowing that I'd never find any place resembling the magic. Well- enter SnowFlake: Mango w/mango pieces + Green Tea w/red bean. I don't think there was a better combo. Their mango shaved ice was just as magical. Their texture was right on point. Both weren't too overly sweet with the right touch of syrup. Perfecto!
3	I feel like SnowFlake Shavery is over hyped. The texture is just the same as other shaved snow places, maybe a little softer, but definitely not as creamy as I would like. Their menu is limited to 9 flavors and typical toppings. Besides that, the workers are super friendly and fast. I got my order before I finished paying!
5	Hands-down best ice cream in town love it try sum thing new i was next to two hot girls which is always nice to eat next to
5	Snowflake is probably the best shaved snow in the west! Fresh ingredients and a knowledgeable staff. You can't go wrong with that combination. My usual is coconut + strawberry + bananas + mochi + condensed milk. Another great combination is green tea or black sesame with mochi + red bean + condensed milk. This place is conveniently located next to ramen, which is the perfect dessert after a nice hot bowl of soup.I highly recommend this place!
5	Thank you yelpers for helping us find this place! I've never had shaved ice/shaved ice cream like this before. It was amazing! The place could use more seating though.
5	Delicious shaved snow ice cream. It was my first time trying shaved snow ice, so I had to stop and get some even though I was probably full from stuffing my face in Vegas. I got mango flavored with fresh mango and strawberries on top. It was super delicious and the texture was perfect; fluffy looking, but not too soft. I would definitely come back here when I'm in Vegas. The prices were also pretty reasonable here and portion is pretty LARGE! There are so many cute little Asian eateries to try off the strip that are authentic and top notch and SnowFlake Shavery is definitely one of them.
5	It was a done deal after we saw Snow Flake shaved ice right next to where we were having lunch!  The whole family shared a large ice with black sesame and strawberry ice, red bean, Oreo, and sweetened condensed milk for toppings!! (As big as my son's head) Completely awesome dessert!
5	Mind is blown. If you like ice cream, you will love this. Put down your smartphone and go here now.
4	Unique. It's not the usual kakigori, the orthodox shaved ice, at all. In a good way.It has much more fine grained texture, with a lot of flavors. Creative stuff.The thing I like about shaved ice (and to some extent, gelato) is that I don't feel thirsty after I finished the cup. It occurs when I have the vanilla ice cream - but what's the point if I still crave water right after I finished intaking a bunch of the solid state of water?SnowFlake Shavery is located in one of the most important block of the entire city for foodies - a block that has uncannily many great restaurants in it. It works as a reminder that it's there... I think they are going to stay in business long there.
4	I would like a 5 stars bec the place is clean and the staff are courteous. However, they are always running out of green tea shaved ice.
3	The shaved snow is good. What isn't good is that this place smells like farts. Been in a couple times and every time the second the door opens, farts. Oddly the bathroom doesn't smell. The smell was strong enough this last time that we left half way through eating and just stood outside in the cold.
