4	It's time to get my fat ass in the gym. This Lifetime gym just opened in Summerlin (next to Red Rock casino) and while it's ridiculously expensive, it's also very nice. Not to mention family-friendly. If you don't like kids, this isn't the place for you. There are kids everywhere. Not just in the kid's area, but all around the pool area (which is also very nice) and even in the cardio section.Since it just opened yesterday (Friday the 13th) there are still some things they have to work out (checking in your kid into their kid center takes at least 15-20 minutes) but all the employees are incredibly friendly. So far, the place hasn't been too busy (no issues finding equipment to use), despite the fact that it seems like all of Summerlin is here.
5	First of all, I do not like gyms. This place is HUGE and it has everything from a delicious and reasonably priced cafe, pools (outside and inside), sauna, locker room with ALL amenities salon (again, reasonably priced), squash courts, basketball court, spinning, Yoga, Pilate's, every piece of equipment you can imagine, trainers, flat screens everywhere, a kids center, a 60 feet tall rock climbing wall...It has just opened, so it's a little crazy. Once all the main freebies are used up, I'm pretty sure it's going to mellow out, especially with the little monkeys crawling all over the place. Besides, it is a family place. They have a huge water slide for the kiddies! The staff is EXTREMELY friendly and helpful. Everyone knows what's going on and they are so accommodating. Yeah, it may be a little pricey, but consider all that it has to offer. And here's where the reasonably priced comes into play. The cafe and salon are affordable. The food is delicious and as health conscious as they can get short of serving you twigs and berries. The salon is staffed with professionals, not Super Cuts!  The pool, outside, is gorgeous and equipped with cabanas that have misters. I dare you to say you had to wait in line for longer than 5 minutes for anything!!! All classes have scheduled times and if you don't schedule what you want, it's your fault for having to wait. Other than that, plenty of tredmills, plenty of lounge chairs. I have to say, I really enjoy this place. Life is too short to sweat the small stuff. This place is well worth it.
4	I was waiting for this place to be finished for about 3 years and was delighted that it was finally completed. The place is spectacular , the workout floor is immense and even on a busy day you can find plenty of machines wide open. I have visited Lifetime at different times of the day and the crowd changes greatly. Mornings on weekdays are full of your typical hot Vegas moms , afternoons are when the high school kids come in. Boys working out 80% texting 20% . Girls texting 90% and standing around for the remainder of their visit. Weekends? Kid central , kids everywhere , kids on top of kids , screaming in the cafe while their parents are doing important things on their blackberries and iPhones. Outside even more kids . The place is big , so with the exception of the cafe it should not bother you too much.Changing rooms are excellent , white towels , lotions , just outstanding. They need to up the cleaning a little , I opened several lockers today and many had coat hangers , candy wrappers and assorted debris inside. This is week 2 guys ! Step it up cleaning crew. Tried out a cycle class on Friday , great room but quite an uninspiring teacher " That's what I'm talking about" was the phrase that resonated through my head ALL day on Friday. Where were the hills Glen? The food in the kid crammed cafe is excellent , a couple of the servers were a little vacant but the vast majority and ALL on week days were fine. Calories posted on everything , prices good , indoor and outdoor seating . Really good , if you like kids. The kids club is a zoo , so leave plenty of time if you're attending a class. Security is very good , lots of activities. My 10 year old had a blast. Why not 5 stars? Clean out the lockers and pick up empty water bottles /towels from work out floor. So, a fantastic place , kid friendly , good food . It's only just opened so I am sure that shortly it will be a 5 star review.
5	My second home. This place is a second home to me. The people are very friendly, and always there to help.
2	2 weeks ago I would have given 5 stars. I joined just 16 days ago.  Upon first impression, this was heaven in the form of a gym.  Availability of machines, variety of class schedules, friendly staff, gorgeous and welcoming facility, great pool and cafe.  It was totally worth the $120 a month. Today, I am not having those same feelings. I go to the gym to work out, this place has become more of a teenage hangout, I feel like I'm at the mall on a weekend. Their parents are no where to be found, so they just act like disrespectful, rude, obnoxious little rodents! They crowd the stairs and act as if they own the damn place. I sent an email to corporate about these issues. I even saw one of the employees friends flip off a group of 8 year old children! I am waiting to see what corporate has to say, I am contemplating leaving this gym.  Parents should have to accompany anyone under 18 to the gym, instead it seems they drop them off for social time.
4	A great club and I enjoy the proximity to home and that it's open 24/7 hours. The only major disappointment is that it doesn't feel as "elite" as it's supposed to be, mainly because of so many kids everywhere. When I signed up, I distinctly asked about their policy on kids and was given the impression that that their policy with kids around the workout equipment was regulated.  Simply put, it's not, and this is highly annoying if I want to workout without being gawked at or seeing kids monkeying around on the equipment.  Fortunately for me, I'm able to go at odd hours (e.g., middle of the night), and get to enjoy much of the club to myself.  Sunday evenings the club can be very messy from other visitors during the day, and they need to clean it up sooner. I love the Lifetime Cafe - smoothies after a workout are great!  I like this club, they just need to find a way to monitor kids better.
3	There are many perks to Lifetime Daycare Center. State of the art equipments. TVs on every machine. 46 in. TVS joined end to end on the wall. Indoor and outdoor resort pools. Indoor soccer. Squash courts. Q-tips! Razors! Delicious Cafe! Everything to expect from a high end gym.  BUT THIS IS A DAMN daycare center. I'm paying $100 bucks and these teen wolves are paying $10 a month. Where's the justice in that?? They're abusing the free lotion like I do. That's why they're everywhere. I was changing and a little runt ran past my legs. I almost squashed the little bugger. 5 stars facility over-ran with gremlins.
3	I do not care how family orientated a full-service gym is, but no matter what they need an Olympic platform. Power cleans, and snatches are required if you are truly training for athletic explosiveness and power, and they are only properly conducted on an Olympic platform.Additionally, the excuse for not having an indoor track based upon joint impact is complete weaksauce bs. Treadmills and ellipticals and stationary bikes cannot and will not ever make up for distance traveled by foot against ground.So there are the two stars you're missing Lifetime. Fix those and I'll come back! Now let me sing your praises. Thank god you give those fully developed under 18 females neon coloured wristbands! If you didn't I'd probably be in jail by now, due to no fault of my own really. (She got it from her momma!)The steam room and dry sauna are great. If you're sore, pop in for a good 10 minutes steam. Then do a 10 minute dry sauna, and then do another steam, you'll feel right as rain.There is a huge outdoor pool with a water slide, and I know there are summer camps (day camps) you parents can drop your kids off at during the day and not have to worry about them just playing video games for several hours.Also there is a pretty amazing 3 story rock climbing wall, which I never used, but I did see, thus confirming its existence and awesomeness.So other than my training requests and a high price point (but worth it if you will go a lot based on amenities, or have kids) there is almost no reason not to be a member. That is unless you hate kids and you can't stand hot milfs and cougars. In that case go grab some "training supplements" and head on over to the nearest Gold's Gym and get that sweet calf workout you've always been missing in your amazing physique enhancing training.
4	Update : It really is a great club. Positives , the GM is very visible , he is always walking the floor , picking up stuff , talking to members . This is good to see. I took my kids to the salon for haircuts , good prices , good cuts and convenient. It's still clean , there are a few stains on the carpet which clearly were caused by ignorant members drinking colored liquid drinks despite there being signs everywhere saying "Clear bottled water only". Only one negative for me, but it's soooooo annoying. They have taken to running a group exercise/circuit training class at 9.00 am for an hour on the floor of the main gym. 8 members plus very hot Personal Trainer, this girls screams like a banshee , I always wear headphones and I cannot hear my music when she is yelling. If I forget my earbuds one day , I will have a claim for personal injury of the eardrums. does anyone in Vegas know a Personal Injury Lawyer that can "HELP" me?
5	Amazing place!  Great classes!  Great membership services.
5	Love it here! Definitely worth the price especially if you have kids! Spending quality time with Them is very important, it is even better that you are doing something healthy with them! It's a good way to get them on the right track and make them enjoy physical activities! I love the pool and the outdoor lap pools & slides. I love the women's locker room which already has all the toiletries a woman needs. What can I say, you have to pay a price for quality!
5	Definitely as good as it gets -- so much more than a gym!!  And that's what you are paying for . . . . as it's anything but cheap!  But the facility is beautiful, clean, less than a mile from my house and everyone is extremely friendly and welcoming!!Their group fitness classes are awesome -- everything from yoga to spin to barbell to run and cycle clubs to swimming and zumba (even aqua zumba)!  The instructors are fun, lively and truly upbeat for the most part!  I look forward to their classes!  I wish there were more weekend afternoon classes, but I'll take that somewhere else.  They have a million treadmills and various cardio machines - at least it seems like it.  With a membership of 3,500 and growing, I've still never had to wait for a machine.  I've never used the spa services though, so I can't comment on those.  The LIfeCafe is good, pretty reasonable and lots of variety with everything being healthful and fresh. :)  Very convenient as you're walking out the door after your workout too, I might add. I have two daughters and they love rock climbing, swimming, eating and really don't mind the kids center either!  At our prior club, they would complain about the kids center and I always had to negotiate taking them there with a stop at the yogurt shop!!  They also have camps, classes and Parents Night Out, a little expensive, but my kids always have a great time!I was previously a member in both MI and AZ and this facility is larger and a little more grand in every way.
3	I've come here for the better part of a year now and have no intentions of leaving. I checked out David Barton which is closer to my house and while its nicer and only allows adults... its completely inadequate and poorly staffed. Lifetime has it all and then some. Plenty of space, every machine you could want, lots of free weights, great classes, a spa, med spa, salon and good trainers...... Then theres the KIDS. They are everywhere. I'm single, gay and 25 so I have no kids... Im not opposed to them, but typically when I go to the gym, I'd prefer not to trip all over someone else's. When I enrolled in our $200 per month plan, I was told they were only allowed at certain times... I can't seem to get an answer as to why they are now there AROUND THE CLOCK. Anyway, its a great gym, if they manage to get a handle on this downside it would EASILY get 5 stars from me.
5	By far the nicest gym in the area. It is a part of the nationwide Lifetime Athletic Clubs and is currently their top of the line facility. No other Lifetime facility in the country is as nice as this one. A Diamond Level club it can be best described as a Country Club with out the golf course. You do pay for this level of club. For a family it is over $200 a month.  But it is well worth it!No matter what your preferred fitness activity may be this club offers it all. From the beginner to the advanced you will find what you need to meet your fitness goals. The staff is friendly and the trainers and instructors are very good. The entire place is kept clean and all of the equipment is kept in working order.Lifetime sells itself as a family oriented club. For those who complained about kids in the club this may not be the place for you. I think the 60 foot rock wall, the huge water slides at the outdoor pool or the large turf room upstairs would be a pretty obvious clue that the club caters to all ages including kids. Serious bodybuilders or those looking for the single scene would probably prefer to go to LVAC or Golds Gym. If you want to avoid the family or kid scene, I recommend working out in the early mornings. I work out every morning and I think it is by far the best time to go.  It is mostly professional people getting in a good workout prior to going to work. And I never see any kids there in the mornings!Lifetime certainly filled an unmet need and is a welcome addition to the Summerlin area.
5	I personally think the monthly fee is pretty economical compare  with what this place offers , there is no other gym like this anywhere in las vegas  that can come even close . I love the customer service , the classes, the woman locker area feels more like a spa then a regular shower .so you have to stretch you budget a bit more  for a fantastic workout experience is pretty damn worth it
5	I love Lifetime. This particular club in Summerlin is Diamond level within the Lifetime Fitness company, and it truly is first class. Everything is new, clean and I personally haven't had any issues with children running around (I have been there on weekdays after 5pm).There is no Lifetime in South Beach and so when I'm in Miami I either run on the beach or go to David Barton Gym (either at the Flamingo or the Gansevoort location) and if the DBG here in Vegas is anything like the ones in South Beach, it is not as good as Lifetime. The DBG in Miami is clean but the lighting is very weird (spotlight over the weight benches, etc.) and it feels like a lounge you can get a cocktail in. The environment doesn't motivate me to work out.The classes, especially boot camp, are amazing. I can be a bit of a wimp sometimes when working out (I know, surprising right) but the trainers keep me motivated without being too aggressive. You get what you pay for and although Lifetime is pricey I think it's worth it.
5	Clean, well-equiped, friendly staff, not crowded...perfect!
4	Awesome facilities.  I left Club Sport in Green Valley years ago when I moved to this side of town and Agassi 24 Hour was the best club I could find.  Now that this club is opened, I LOVE going here.  I hit it 5 times a week... it's like a second home.  Great steam room, tons of equipment and awesome bball and swimming facilities.  I swim outside a few times a week and am actually getting color in my skin again...lol!  My only beefs... can't find decent pick up games because of the league (which I'll eventually join) and too many kids (but it is summer, it should wane soon).  The staff has been extremely helpful.  Johnny is a great trainer, Arthur is an amazing nutritionist... I've learned so much from them so far and Dave Dotitch is the Man to see to get in!
5	I love my gym
5	Love this place! Great for the family as my kids enjoy all the activities with the rock climbing,soccer and martial arts. Great staff and facility
4	I was visiting a friend in Las Vegas, and she brought me here as a guest.  This place is great! This place is huge! There are 3 stories, multiple fitness class rooms, a spin room, racquetball courts, a spa, salon, restaurant, pools, a rock climbing wall, etc. They provide towels and bathroom necessities.  I wish my local 24 Hour Fitness looked like this, but alas I pay a lot less money and still get a good workout!
4	I worked out at Lifetime (attended 1 yoga class and 1 Strictly Strength class and lifted), David Barton Gym (2 week trial-attended yoga, mat pilates, spin and lifted w/2 different trainers) and Las Vegas Athletic Club (attended Pure Intensity Training, Ashtanga Yoga).  After trying all the clubs I will say that David Barton was just a club for someone who wants privacy, they have few classes and I expect them to be out of business soon, Lifetime is a very nice club but I am shocked that I chose to join LVAC. Although Lifetime is a really big club with well attended classes, when I went to the popular Strictly Strength class at LIfetime there wasn't enough equipment for everyone in class.  After class the people who had brought balls in from another room had to actually wait outside the class to let out to return their equipment.  The teacher was very good and the club was buzzing with activity on a weekend morning. I also saw about 50 kids on the climbing wall and realized that may be hard to get time on as well.  When I attended the Pure Intensity Training class at LVAC (which people LOVE) there must have been between 100-150 people in that class but there was room for everyone and equipment for everyone and we needed steps, mats, bands & 2 pairs of hand weights. I also found the yoga at LVAC to be much better technically and the class size was much smaller and there are more classes to choose from. For $150/month at DBG, $139/month at Lifetime vs. $22/month at LVAC (3 free personal training sessions the first month and one session each month was my 'free upgrade option"). If you are after group fitness classes, LVAC is the best option. If you are looking for more of a country club type atmosphere, have kids that will use the club or want one stop shopping by utilizing their hair salon, Lifetime would be a great choice.  The cafe at Lifetime has a nice sit down area but the choices at LVAC are much better including the fresh squeezed juice & vegetable drinks and the huge menu of protein shakes. I also found the parking at the LVAC (Flamingo & 215) to be no problem & I was closer to the front door and saw security vehicles driving around the lot, where Lifetime was very hard to get a spot without going into the parking structure which for some reason a lot of people just don't want to bother with.  I also checked out both Lifetime and LVAC during mid-morning hours and 5:30 pm time slots and both clubs had plenty of machines open and were not mobbed with people in the weight rooms.  Lifetime is a very nice club but LVAC is the club for me.
3	I've been a member of Lifetime for a few months and their facilities are hands down the best. You can read the other reviews for how awesome tha facility is but I'm going to speak to some of the interesting events that take place in the men's locker room and I am not joking at all......Apparently the men's locker room gets rather friendly after hours and when I say after hours I state that loosely as in 10-11pm.   On two occasions.....I repeat.....two occasions I had the same 55 year old man pull up to a sink next to me and blow dry his junk.  I'm not exagerrating and my friend was at the sink to his left.   He was sandwiched between us butt naked stretching his stick and blow drying his junk dry.   I ran out of the gym in fear.   A few weeks later the SAME MAN did it again except this time I was by myself.   Another time, 2 young men in their 30's were slapping each other in behinds with towels NAKED and chasing each other around the gym.  They almost knocked me over.....Thankfully I am not homophobic but come on, there's a time and place for everything......and apparently Lifetime is where it's at.   CAUTION - BEWARE
5	By far the finest and cleanest gym in town
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review of this place already.I joined this gym on a whim because I needed a workout buddy and she works out here. Honestly, the main thing that attracted me to this place are the giant climbing walls you can see while driving down Charleston. Have I used them yet? No. But that's not the point...I started training with a personal trainer from the beginning to use the free LT bucks ("money" you earn for joining, keeping your membership, etc). I would recommend her, but she's gone. :( She left Las Vegas to go back home. She did leave me in the hands of Dennis S. He's A-OK in my book, especially because he puts up with my whining and dirty looks during my training sessions. :P  He was even brave enough to recommend a nutrition plan for me. (Say what?!). Even though I refuse to abide by it, I'm still training with him till this day. So what does that say?Overall, this place is nice because it's clean, the facility is new, and even at it's busiest time there are machines available to use. The price is definitely a big con compared to other gyms in town, but I feel like that helps keep it semi-exclusive and not as crowded as it can be. The many amenities and the Life Cafe (which provides great fresh delicious food and smoothies) also help justify the price. But I feel like it definitely has a long way to go if it wants to compete with Equinox.One bad thing: BEWARE of all the children/tweens/teenagers that are dropped off by their parents in the summer. The gym has attempted to take action by sending "reminder" emails to members, but there were a bunch of kids that loitered all over the gym during those school-free months.I can't wait for the summer to come around again so I can use the outdoor pools.
4	I've been a member for only 2 weeks at this gym, and I love it! It is an upscale gym- cafe, steam room, pools, towel service, group classes, basketball courts, rock wall, etc are all very nice. It is extremely close to my house, so that's a huge bonus as well for me. For a couple, the month to month membership fee is $219, we've also paid a $59 initiation fee. (I am really not sure why they don't post prices online, and people don't really talk about it here on yelp) Why not 5 stars? I am not a big fan of their yoga classes, I love yoga, and the yoga classes they offer is just not up to par. Hot yoga is not nearly hot enough nor humidified enough, which makes it very uncomfortable. But the classes overall are acceptable for a gym. Hopefully summer won't be too chaotic with all the summer camps going, figures crossed.
5	Great energy here. Just recently signed up, and Ive been here 5 days straight- at different times of the day. It's always the same enjoyable atmosphere. Very clean, huge variety of machines, equipment, classes and activities.   Many things included in the membership, and many not. So be sure and ask questions when you sign up so you're not disappointed if what you want isn't included.
2	Honestly.  Lifting weights next to some privileged, yet ungreatful 12 yr old whose mom dragged him along while she takes a class, is not my cup of tea.  Atleast it was the motivation to build a gym in my own home...adults only!I want to work out, I don't want a country club, nursery school, or a scene to be seen.  Too much!
4	Ok let's start at the beginning... Price is expensive but it's convenient and the facilities are top notch. Love the pools, the vast array of cardio equipment and layout. So many classes to choose from if they fit in your schedule and the kids area is great, they even have kids cardio classes! However now that summer break is here there are too many kids everywhere during the day after 12, in the mornings it's not as bad. The place is clean and the trainers clean the equipment daily. The locker room is constantly being cleaned and I like the family locker room idea too. The cafe is ok... Healthy options but high calorie and carb, no egg white options, fresh veggie juices, or such that I see. List nice to have a gym that recognizes families and has movie nights at the pool, and pool day events.
2	Lifetime fitness is a beautiful gym. The premises are fantastic, great equipment, a variety of classes for different fitness goals. When it comes to fitness needs this gym is an A+. For me, the quality of customer service and the workout environment are very important factors that differentiate a good gym from an average one. Being spoiled by 24 hour fitness with the exceptional customer service they provide, I expected far superior customer service at Lifetime fitness. Unfortunately, the staff (aside from the sales people that are charismatic and friendly) is short tempered and impatient and always seem to be in a hurry and in a bad mood.The real mood killer at this gym is that kids are all over the place. There are children everywhere 'all the time'...When I first enrolled, I was advised kids were allowed at certain times of the day, which was not true. When I go workout, I do not expect a daycare environment. My workouts are very personal to me and the last thing I want to see is a bunch of kids playing around with equipment and screaming in the bathroom halls...
4	Yes, this place has kids but some people make it sound like it is a day care.  My kids stay in an enclosed area while my wife or I work out.  Yes, there are pools and activities designed for kids/families.  And yes, this gym is located in a suburb with a lot of kids.I don't enjoy all of the services they try to sell you at first, but I do enjoy having very clean equipment and locker rooms.  Yes, it is pricy, but my family found that by cutting other services, this gym cost us an additional $70 a month for the four of us, which is not too shabby.  Furthermore, I would rather pay that price than putting in and maintaining a pool; I think I make out in the long-run.My wife goes here three or four times a week, and I try to make it twice a week.  We also take the kids swimming a few times a month and they are in the summer day camps which are the same price as other local camps but have our kids way more active and busy.
4	Best gym in Vegas. Zumba with Ginger and the new Insanity classes are my favorite. You also should visit Ashley for a great massage in the spa.
5	I have been a member since 2011 and have been drinking the Lifetime Kool-Aid since it's opening.  I love it as much as when I first joined.  I have said to many that if athleticism is your lifestyle, Lifetime Fitness is worth every penny.  I use the gym, I do yoga, I spin, I do Pilates, I swim, I climb the rock wall, I eat in the Life Cafe, I get services in the Life Salon, I shower there....but 10 minutes in the steam room are really the best part of my many weekly visits!  I love the variety and options that such a big facility can offer me.   I enjoy taking full advantage of everything Lifetime has to offer.
1	I am very sad to update my review to 1 star. It is a good family friendly gym. But there are a few things we do not like:1. We had some family visiting from California and wanted to see the gym. They have heard raving reviews from us prior to coming out. After driving all the way down there, we were refused entry at the door even though we had plenty guest passes. The rude lady at the front desk told us that guests cannot work out after 9pm, I explained that even though i was never told this rule, we dont need to work out, I just want to show the gym. She rolled her eyes and said she will have someone following us to make sure we don't work out and leave a note on my file (whatever that means). What was that kind of service? We took guests to show off the gym, and I was extremely disappointed at the service. So from now on, I will definitely stop raving about this place, just in case they decide to embarrass themselves again. 2. In general, I think there are way too much advertisement in the gym-locker area, common area, even in paid group training classes. We understand that members of the gym is an extremely good demographic to advertise to, but this gym is just too much. I pay $8 to Netflix to not watch ads on tv, I certainly expected better when the membership is about $220 for my husband and I. If you have been to the gym, you have seen the big Toyota posters, and the golf course posters etc., those are fine. Even the ads in the locker rooms are tolerable. There were some toyota sponsored zumba jam, good to know gym classes can get corporate sponsorship. But I took a group training class, which was about $180 extra a month, they were also pumping ads into those classes! There was a nutrition consultant that supposed to be talking to us about healthy eating, but instead, they focused a lot more on what protein powder to buy at the downstairs cafe (as well as telling us to mention their names when u make ur purchase, since they get credit for the sale). Can you guys make your up sales any more obvious and irritating?3. Hot yoga is more like uncomfortably warm dry yoga. More humidity in the room please, a little hotter please. Those were some seriously ghetto dry warm wind. Bottom line is, it is a nice and yet really irritating gym. We hope a worthy competitor will come to the area. (DB is not, it doesn't have a pool, sigh)
3	A bit overpriced but I get it, there in the nice end of Vegas and aim for a specific clientle base.  Facility is top notch and I like the 24 hour pools. As big as the facility is though it still gets packed at times especially with kids and gets annoying when you want to work out and not be surrounded by teens/kids just taking up space while mom or dad attend a class or work out.  Kept very clean for the most part as well.
4	Beautiful gym and friendly, helpful staff. Nice features and classes. Great pools for the kids and lap swimmers. Cafe is slow and spa is pricey.
2	Let me start by saying I love kids.  What I DO NOT love is little kids staring at me while I change into my bathing suit in the women's locker room.  USE THE FAMILY LOCKER ROOM people.  Is nude women changing really what you want your young children to see?And here is another prime example of what's wrong with Las Vegas parenting...  Instead of teaching your kids to follow the rules you let them sit in the hot tub despite being way under the 12 year old age limit.  Set a good example for your kids folks...  And Lifetime staff, please if you see this happening, ask them to get out.
5	Best gym in the world, super friendly staff, very clean, awesome equipment, I could spend all day there, and I do sometimes, worth every penny.
5	Simply the best gym in Las Vegas if you're looking for a family friendly resort style feel.  Although the weight area doesn't compare to a gym such as LVAC, the cardio area is massive and the amenities are simply unparalleled.  For a more "upscale" workout experience this place is fantastic.
5	Lifetime Fitness Gyms are probably my favorite of all the brands out there to choose from. They have locations all over the U.S. They finally opened a location out here in Vegas and it is one of the nicest clubs yet. This is the nicest Lifetimes I have been to so far. I used to go to the Lifetime in Canton, MI & Novi, MI. They do not come close to this gym as far as size, equipment, and classes.Lifetime is fairly expensive. They do offer amenities that you can't find at other gyms. It is like a country club setting without the golf course.There is a large free weight area that is well maintained and kept clean. There is also a large selection of machines to chose from. The cardio area is huge and there is a wide variety of different cardio machines to choose from. They offer many different classes there. It is not hard to get a great work out here.There are also basketball courts, an indoor soccer field, child care, a salon, a cafe, and much more. You can get massages, swim outdoors or indoors, there are saunas and whirlpools, but the best amenity in my opinion is the locker rooms. This gym you can actually shower at when you are finished with your work out. The locker rooms are kept clean along with the rest of the facility. They have most of your bath and shower necessities available in the locker room.This is a great place to bring the family to during the summer. There are two big pools with water slides.Definitely one of the best gyms around!
2	Haha...just got a call from Lifetime asking me if I want to reactivate my membership with their "special" offer...um, NO, thank you!
5	BEST GYM IN LAS VEGAS!!!!!! Bring your$$$$ It's not cheap but u pay for what u get!!!!! You want the best u pay for the best!!!!!! This gym has everything any novice to pro athlete would want!!!!! Weather you want to loose weight gain muscle and get bigger they have it and trainers to get you there!!!!! If u really want to change your life get started today!!!!! Tomorrow maybe to late!!!!!!
4	Everything is always so clean!! The facility smells good.Yes...You will hear a lot of kids if you're on the first and third floors but the weight and cardio room...KID-FREE!!!Everyone who is making this place out to be a daycare with screaming kids needs to stop. People with families need to stay in shape also. I haven't been able to utilize all the services that are offered, but so far so good. The price is steep but I needed to do something that would push me to want and need to go to the gym(Not using a $20/month membership doesn't hurt as much as not using a $144/ month membership). The monetary commitment worked...so I'd say it's money well spent. I can also cancel anytime I'd like since I'm not a yearly contract which is nice.Every weight or cardio machine you'd want to use...available for you to use. You will almost never have issues waiting for your machine at lifetime. Even during their rush hour the floor is pretty empty. The gym is extremely clean and always stocked with fresh towels on every floor that you would need them. Their indoor pool, steam room, and sauna are very well maintained.Their group fitness classes are great.  I've attended a good dozen and have nothing bad to say about them. I'm actually addicted to them. Knowing that the person next to me, behind me, and in front of me are suffering with me pushes me to keep going. The instructors are very encouraging and in no way condescending. They are also always early...which I can't say the same about most fitness classes at other gyms in Vegas...I agree with most reviewers that the staff may be a bit pushy at times and out of line in their upsells(which is why this is a 4 instead of 5 star review), whether it be personal trainer sessions, private class sessions, salon services, etc...but the fact that all of these services are available is pretty impressive.You just have to learn how to say no sometimes...which I learned the hard way...after spending on some unnecessary services.
3	I have not been here yet but intend on going to try it out!   Have read the reviews and  am a little dismayed that there seems to be a lot of child noise!!! Hope not as the gym is not a place for screaming kids..., hopefully they have their own area... Soundproofed!   Lol.  Other than that sounds good.
3	This place is really expensive.  I suppose most people know that by now.  It's clean, new and has a lot of things to do.  I myself really enjoyed swimming and playing squash.  Supposedly they also include Saturday night babysitting if you sign up for it as well.Here's my problem though and you are really going to want to know this:  Just paying the ante for this place doesn't mean you get to see all the cards.  What I mean is, this place is masterful at monetizing everything they offer to the exclusion of members who choose not to pay extra.  Reality is the swimming lanes are jammed at peak hours with classes, groups, swim team, etc.  There's four squash courts and two are full during peak hours with classes, lessons, etc., and the other two are generally booked a week out.  Babysitting?  Last time I checked it was full booked almost three months out.  Sorry but I do not plan mere nights out several months in advance.  Yes they have a lot of machines and those are pretty open but you can get 90% of their machine experience at gyms that cost literally a fraction this place does.  So if you want to join a nice country club like gym this is the place but KNOW that getting the most of the unique things it offers may cost even more on top of the already incredible fees per month.  What I am describing has only gotten worse the last few months so I am calling it quits.
4	Hands down best gym in Vegas.  Even nicer than other Lifetimes I've been to in other cities. I've belonged to LVAC (went to the Flamingo/215 location), and the Summerlin 24 Agassi.  Neither can compare to Lifetime! Obviously you do pay MUCH more for a membership here, but if you can afford it, it is well worth it! Also,  I suppose if you have a hard time being motivated to work out, knowing you pay so much for a membership might do the trick.  There is so much offered here, from rock climibing, to outdoor and indoor cafes at the pools, the list goes on and on.  I have not taken advantage of everything, that would take forever. The spin/cycle classes are AWESOME.  I don't go to cycling much anymore as I am getting back into running, but I always have a great experience.  All the studios and equipment here are top of the line.  The only annoyances I have encountered are the front desk staff always asks me how old I am and the free weights area is way too small for my liking. About a year ago a trainer, knowing I run, would repeatedly interrupt my workouts and try to sell me a running watch even after I told him I already have one...  Also, it seems strange that such a large gym does not have an indoor track.  Over all though, I love it here.  Basically a second home.
4	Recently a friend and I signed up at Lifetime fitness and we are both happy with our gym of choice, except for a few reasons :/, This gym is very clean, and equipment is more available to use when you have about an hour to work out, apoosed to having to have atleast a 2 hour workout at LVAC because its so insanely packed!.... But! there are a few defaults, such as not enough mirrors around the equipment when your trying to lift weights, and well im sure anyone who lifts knows you kind of need mirrors to look at your FORM. Also i would love it if there Cafe did not close so early :/, considering Lvac's cafe is 24 hours and some of there memberships cost about 10 a month lol.
4	It's nice, but overpriced!  I joined in Denver Colorado for almost half the price.  The club was nicer and bigger ,with indoor tennis .
5	Love this place!!!  I've been at this gym now since the day they opened!  It's clean, nice, and the staff is super friendly!  I love they have a salon and you can have them watch your kids in their Childcare center.  Since joining my husband goes like 28 days a month. It's awesome!  It is a little pricey. We pay about $235/ month for our family but it's well worth it for us!  They also have a really nice pool and a great turf area for our kids to run around in. Great classes offered. Good looking people coming. ;-)
1	Nice place but the same ridicules games you can expect from a gym .for reasons beyond our control we had to cancel our membership...."sorry sir you must come in person or certified mail"realllly?now I guess if I don't have time to go and wait in line to cancel then I guess I wouldn't have time toGo to to wait in line at the post office to send a certified mailed letter now would I?I really thought this place was class but end of the day same ghetto games you can expect from a low class place.Now I remember why I don't do these places ...be aware buyer..
5	So I'm leaving town and have been a member since it opened in May 2011. Having been a member of a gym in numerous other locations, I cannot see how this can be beaten, as a family club. The facilities are excellent, clean and renewed on a regular basis. However, what makes the place stand out for me is the staff; throughout the club, in all the departments, the staff are friendly, attentive and you know your name. Yes, there are the odd exceptions, but thats life. The only real area of weakness is the Lifecafe, with its emphasis on 'healthy' food, but in reality its overly expensive, not particularly tasty and the staff are disinterested in at best. However, thats minor. Overall, for a family with 2 kids under 5, its been a great experience for all 4 of us.
5	I love it here!  The equipment here are all so clean.  Good people and its very family friendly too!! Love it!  Love the classes!
5	One sentence... IT'S WORTH THE MONEY. Lifetime fitness is truly a way of life, not just a gym. With three stories of endless equipment, classes, and a rock climbing wall you will find everything you need here. My boyfriend and I recently joined and have spent a vast majority of our free time using all lifetime has to offer. With two pools (one inside and one outside) a health cafe, various fitness classes (i live to practice yoga) and numerous machines it's very easy to spend the day here. I recently have been using the steam room as well. It's infused with eucalyptus... Need I say more?My personal trainer Emily has been amazing as well. I'm really enjoying our sessions and the results.I highly recommend this place to anyone. The price of $144 a month is a little steep for some but making that commitment make me want to work out even harder. If you're looking for a gym in the summerlin area this place is worth a trial.
5	This gym is by far the best in Las Vegas with a variety of choices This time of year I love the outdoor pool
1	They just don't take no for an answer.  You better think twice about giving this company your email and phone number.  I wanted to inquire about prices for a family of four and in order to do so, you have to provide an email and phone number.  Big mistake on my part.  After a couple emails back and forth, I finally got a quote of $443 for the first month, and $344 a month after.  Are you kidding me?  Imagine what you can do with that.  You can literally lease three high end pieces of gym equipment in your own home for that.  After saying "No Thanks!" you would think they would call off the dogs.  Nope.  They get even more aggressive.  Even downright rude!  You will get calls from sales in the corporate office.  You will get calls from sales at the actual gym.  You will get emails asking what time can you come down tomorrow and tour.  You get emails insinuating that you would be making a bad decision for your family if you didn't join.  These guys are like Larry Dallas from Three's Company.  They just don't take no for an answer and then start to get sleazy by becoming passive aggressive.  I thought that if I replied to the corporate sales person that I was moving out of state, far from any Life Time gym, that would end their campaign to sign me up.  Nope.  Did not work.  They called and emailed yesterday.  I had to block the number and set my Gmail account to mark all mail from the company as spam.  The whole sales process ruined this company for me.  The astronomical membership fees are off base with any other facility in area.  If you intend to make this place your home away from home, maybe it's worth it.  But if you are looking for a place just to workout, take a few classes, and maybe swim a few laps, this is not going to be the place for you.
4	love their zumba and yoga classes! and, yes, it is worth it with their child center
5	I love this gym!!! This place is always spotless and never crowded!  Prior to my membership, I was a member of LVAC, and the place doesn't even compare to Lifetime.  The main reason that I switched gyms was child care.  I have a 9 month old so I have to make an appointment in order to drop her off.  At first I thought this would annoy me but it has not been an issue.  In fact, the reason I have to set an appointment is because they have a very strict child to adult ratio.  I love the fact that this child care center has tons of employees. All of the employees in the child care center are very friendly and I feel confident knowing that she is in good hands.  The classes at this gym are great. So far I have taken Spin with several different instructors and the Barbell class. Both are really fun and I can't wait to try others. There are tons of cardio machines. In addition to the extensive cardio equipment, they have an area dedicated to circuit machines and a large free weights area. Pretty much anything that you could possibly want is there. Everything about this place is totally luxurious. The locker rooms are basically what you would find in a spa and, included in your membership, are many standard toiletries.  The vanities include hair dryers and have outlets for any additional hair gadgets you may need. There is also steam/sauna and hot tub in the locker room area. I love the pools here!  There are indoor and outdoor pools so you can swim year round and don't have to worry about weather. Both pool areas feature lap lanes and a kiddie area for little ones.  The outdoor area has cabanas and a cafe where you can order lunch. The membership can be pricey for some but this is one payment that is worth every penny!
4	Life Time Fitness Summerlin (based out of MN) had NO CELL POLICY in locker room (which they never enforced), and after July 2014 complaint of cell phones pointed at members of different ages, LTF now allows cell phones freely used at lockers, sinks, and showers starting Sept 2014. They addressed the issue by removing the policy, removing their concern, and not taking affirmative steps to protect against privacy rights violations. Therefore making it unsafe for members of all ages.I notified Life Time that the Apple I phone can take pictures and video on each side of the phone and it would appear you're texting.
5	IT'S WORTH THE MONEY!!!When I first tell people how much I pay for a gym membership here they usually think I'm crazy, but once I explain about the amenities they see why it's worth the money. I've been going to this gym for almost two years now and I can't see myself going anywhere else. I went to LVAC for years and after overcrowding, dirtiness, and the hoard of meathead douchebags I got sick of it. My coworker told me about LifeTime and gave me a guest pass. It was love at first sight. This gym is amazing!!!! Clean, state of the art, and huge. You can literally get lost in there. No matter what type of workout you like, they have what you need. Over a dozen lap pools (inside and outside), indoor rock climbing, yoga studio, spin room, squash courts, basketball courts, indoor soccer field, the newest workout equipment, and tons of cardio machines. The outdoor pools are the best during summer time when you feel like lounging by the pool but don't want to deal with the casinos. Occasionally the monthly dues go up, but within the next week or so you'll see brand new equipment and you'll know where that money went to. The best part of this gym is the membership cap to prevent overcrowding, but honestly it is never is too packed even during peek hours. After 9pm on the weekends is the best time to go though, it's a ghost town in there.
5	Pretty much the best gym there is in the Las Vegas area.  Top notch locker room, equipment, amenities, and service.  Multiple basketball courts that can be used for other activities as well.  Racquetball courts.  Indoor and outdoor pools.  For those with kids, it has child care services.  It's open 24/7.  If it's within your budget and conveniently located this is the gym to join.
2	Life Time Fitness Summerlin does not enforce their Locker Room Recording Device Policy, Does not take minimum affirmative steps to protect against privacy rights violations risks, and is promoting atmosphere for child and adult male pornography, by promoting use of recording devices in the locker rooms at lockers, TV area, sinks, and showers. I have emails, photos, documentation, and notes, including notes I have taken when talking with other gym members in the locker room.  I would like resolution to my valid concern (shared by many) regarding cell phones and electronic recording devices used at Life Time Fitness Summerlin Locker room around nude gym members of all ages. Life Time Fitness and Brian Frankwick never enforced policy, they have (1) no cell phone/electronic device sign up, but (12) slippery and wet signs, I see men using cell phones and other electronic devices equipped with cameras, and there are naked men and naked boys in front of these devices, including myself. I've watched men "text" at the towel dry off area while naked boys are walking past the weight scale area, I'm in the hot tub and I cannot tell if they are texting or taking pictures.   June 12: Man dressed sitting with legs in hot tub is taking pictures; I report this to Brian Frankwick Regional manager for NV, AZ, CA, and Manger for Summerlin. Locker Room attendants said this man taking pictures works at Life Time.   Brian Frankwick said he will address issue next day at meeting. I suggested hanging up more signs, and enforce their policy.   Brian Frankwick never did anything. July 17  Meeting with Brian  Frankwick (manger of LTF Summerlin, and Regional Manager for NV, AZ, CA).  He said he would put up No Cell Phone/No recording device sign at TV, Sinks, Hot Tub, will send out email blast reminding members of policy and educating them on the risks, will have employees sign policy and expectations to enforce policy.  None of this ever happened.   I told Brian Frankwick about my observations in the hot tub while men sitting at the towel dry off area and naked boys are present, and their fathers are either in the showers or at the sinks, unaware of environment.    Cannot tell if texting or taking pictures. I told Life Time Fitness/Brian Frankwick that Apple I Phone photographs and videotapes on each side, that a man had cell phone 1 foot from my butt as I put on underwear at the lockers, that men pick up their phones and text and talk while we are all standing at the sinks with and without towels around our waists. July 29 Life Time Legal sends me email letter (still have) after I said I was going to media, they said they would add the signs, send out email blast, and enforce the policy.  Never happened.   End of August and beginning of September I was told by 3 locker room attendants: Michael, Rick, Xerxes, and one other  that the manager Brian Frankwick says you are allowed to use your cell phones for texting and talking but not taking pictures or video, that they now change the policy, and if anyone takes your picture, to tell the locker room attendant or Brian Frankwick. Life Time Fitness is encouraging cell phone use, and you can see members and employees near locker room attendants on cell phones, and even one locker room attendants, such as PJ making personal calls.   You cannot say if they are texting or talking, or taking pictures or video.  There is no way of knowing.   https://www.legalzoom.com/articles/smile-youre-on-my-cell-phone-camera-phones-and-privacy states difficult to determine if your picture is taken because you're unaware.  My complaint is that Life Time is aware, and they brand this business as being family oriented. October 8 at 3:30 pm I walked into a selfie, I was not in the picture when we reviewed the photo, that the member showed.  That member taking the picture was camouflage because there were around 5 other people on cell phones.  This member had taken the picture because Brian Frankwick and Life Time Fitness created the risky environment for this to easily occur.  Life Time Fitness tells people you can use your cell phones in the locker room, locker room attendants and other employees routinely walk by people on computers, IPads, cell phones.   After walking into selfie, 5 minutes later I brought the locker room attendant Xerxes Aryan Sarfaraz to that member at the lockers.  I wasn't in the picture, but what if it was a small unaware child and child was in the picture? Another man would probably also been unaware and its 3:30pm. The member confessed to snapping the picture. I'm seeing self-ie taken at this LTF locker room in Vegas on dating and pick up sites, so pictures are being taken, And Brian Frankwick and locker room attendants say no one is taking pictures. This all happened because Brian Frankwick and Life Time Fitness allow cell phone used freely, cell phone and electronic device definitely did NOT looked out of place.
5	Best gym in Las Vegas! A bit pricey but with all the amenities and loads of free classes that come along with the membership the price quickly becomes very understanding. If your looking for an elite gym, look no more. Lifetime has created a facility which is second to none. Come down and talk to Bobby, tell him TJ sent you
5	The best fitness center in all of Las Vegas. Friendly staff. Very clean family oriented. Many classes to choose from and equipment is the top of the line. Little pricey.
