5	I came here on the 5th day that they were open. This little cafe is located inside the Touch Spa and Salon on Tropicana and Decatur inside the same plaza as Walgreen's. A bit hard to find, but well worth the hassle (if you're a little Vegas direction ignorant like I am.)Chef Sheridan (the owner) is very nice and really seems to know what he's doing and talking about (without being a know-it-all.) I had no idea what to order, so he recommended the pork belly bao and one of the rice bowls. So of course, my boyfriend and I went with his recommendation and went with the pork belly bao as well as the beef steak bao and the chicken rice bowl.Both the baos were great. I really liked that the pork belly was so fresh and the texture of the meat was nice and soft. It wasn't gamey at all either (I've experienced some extreme gaminess when eating pork belly at traditional Chinese restaurants.)  The pork belly bao had a little bit of sauce in it (I think it could've been hoisin sauce?) I would've preferred it with just a tad more of the sauce, but overall, this bao was deeelish.Then I tried the beef bao, and the beef was nice and tender too. I thought the pickles were a very nice contrast to the meat here. The beef was very good, but the pork belly is better in my opinion.Then we had the chicken bowl, (which actually comes in a box) and it was a lot bigger than I expected. It also came with a little side salad which I thoroughly enjoyed -- that dressing is like CRACK. The chicken was very tasty. I enjoyed it more so than the beef but not as much as the pork belly. The rice had a little broth on it, which is a nice change from plain white rice.I did notice that the prices here are a bit steep, but you definitely get what you pay for -- good service and premium ingredients. Chef Sheridan took his time preparing every little thing and it really showed when eating the food, not to mention how everything was so fresh -- from the bao itself, to the meat, to the green onions and so on.I believe they are also working on getting a truck started, hopefully it'll get started soon!! Can't wait to try it the next time I'm in Vegas.Anyway, I highly recommend this place. It's cute, authentic and really hits the spot.Love.
4	All I can say is NOM NOM NOM!!I have always loved a tasty steamed bun (not like that perv!) I don't eat pork so normally I'm sh*t out of luck. Great Bao is awesome because they have pork belly, chicken, and a tofu/mushroom bun! WINNING! I tried both of my non porky options, and loved both. If I had to pick I would day the tofu is actually better, but again both good. The owners are so sweet and make a point to get to know everyone, which is great. The only downside is how small the space is (only 1 two-top table,) so you wouldn't be able to bring multiple friends for lunch or hang out forever and ever and stuff your face with deliciousness all day long...yes that IS my life..deal with it. In closing it's yummy, and if you like things that are yummy you should go there...now!
5	Wonderful authentic food with the chefs personal touch! Great service from very knowledgeable staff who takes the time to explain ingredients, and sources which makes the food so fantastic!I tried one of everything since it was so reasonably priced! The Bao combo is the best deal. My favorite was the duck Bao, which was perfectly seasoned duck cooked to perfection nestled in-between fluffy Bao that was nice and airy with a hint of sweetness... just the right balance of everything! Then washed it all up with a Peach Italian soda... one of their many selection of refreshing beverages!I highly recommend this place to people who wants to grab a quick bite and still enjoy exquisite cuisine... or those who have the time to sample an entire menu as I did, personally cooked and presented by the chef! Definitely The Great(est) Bao!
5	Food here is amazing!!  From the presentation of the food to flavor of the different meats, you can tell the expertise of the chef that prepared it!  Just awsome food period!Highly recommend everyone to try the pork belly bao its very tender with great flavor!
4	Tucked inside the Touch Salon, we got a pedicure while waiting for our Bao, super nice people in a little Bao Cubby Hole.  Three bao, mix and match and a drink $10.  Duck was to die for good, Chicken and Beef went down well also with my commrade Bao virgins.  A portion of sesame noodles rounded us off.  Delish....I wish we had a Bao window/truck in Nashville.
4	So I meet up the homie at this spot. First time for both of us. POP!!! I tells her, "Where in the Hell?!?" The spot is located right in the cut of a salon. Weird. We both got two combos because we were hungry. $10 gets you 3 baos and a drink. This is my first time eating bao. Bao bread is this fluffy white wonder-looking-bread that tastes like it was baked right out of heaven. FOR REALLY DOE!!! We sampled the 4 different baos: chicken, beef, roasted duck, and pork belly. (My hunger made me forget to take pictures of all the different baos. Fail. I did remember to take a picture of the pork belly on round two)They were all good, but I'm a fan of pork belly. PORK BELLY GET IN MY BELLY!!! Coming in second place was the roasted duck. The chicken and beef both tied at an honorable third. This was definitely a great eating experience. Great company, great food, and a very unique venue for an in-the-cut cafe. There are like 3 areas to sit at. Don't bring a big party yo. The homie doing the cooking was very professional. Great job ninja!!! Coming back for more pork belly. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!Update 11/3/2011 - bao bread is the same bread as manapua. It tasted and felt familiar.  This place has the fluffiest kind I've come across so far.  Now you know, and knowing is half the battle!
5	Went over to one time only late bite event last night.  As usual, service n the food was amazing!We never seem to make it home to eat our bao cause we end up finishing it even before getting to the freeway!! LOL!If you haven't tried it yet, don't wait its that GREAT!  GREAT BAO that Is!!
5	There are certain Chinese snacks that are just downright sexy, and I think it's no accident that two of my favorites have the word bao, one being the xiao long bao (soup dumpling) and the other being the Taiwanese bao with braised pork belly.  Every time I see a photo of either one of these delectable treats, I feel like some food porn music should be cued in from the background (bao chicka bao bao!) As much as I like the burgers at Bachi Burger, their rendition of Taiwanese bao recently bummed me out (nothing sexy about hardboiled eggs).  This indirectly prompted me on a quest to find a place in Vegas that delivered the goods, and little did I know my quest would be completed within a true hole-in-the-wall inside a beauty salon.  Upon walking in I am greeted by various ladies asking if I need a haircut and when I mention I am here for food they direct me towards the back where a pleasant gentleman is literally standing inside a space much like Lucy Van Pelt offering 5cents for psychiatric advice.  As a first-timer, he recommends that I get the pork belly bao and sesame noodles and the food is prepared fresh to order.  As I am chatting up Chef Sheridan Su, I learn that he used to work in the kitchens at Comme Ca, Society, and Wazuzu on the strip, as well as in Mexico City and Barcelona.  I am inspired by the fact that he packed up his knives upon deciding he wanted to be his own boss and took up his savings to invest in a humble project making food inspired by his heritage, perhaps as a starting point to generate capital for something greater(incidentally, he chose the venue simply because it was the cheapest place available for rent on Craigslist)    When my order is ready, I take my first bite into the bao and all is right in the world.  The white pillowy bun is perfectly steamed, the salty and unctuous pork belly fork tender, and the critical part missing in the Bachi version is the tartness of the chinese mustard greens and sweetness of the crushed peanut crumble (almost like a streudel) which synergize in perfect harmony.  The sesame noodles are a nice accompaniment with a healthy spring upon chewing the noodles, and freshly grated carrot, cucumber, wood-eared mushrooms, and tofu go well with the sesame dressing.  I probably would have added some chili oil or additional sesame paste to really perk up the flavors, but that's probably personal preference.   Price point for the noodles is a bit high at 7 bucks, but if you want value, probably best to get the 3 bao + drink special at 10 bucks.  I don't know if Chef Su is on his way to becoming the next David Chang, but I admire his spirit and plan to enjoy his handmade bao until he inevitably moves on to bigger and better things.
5	Bao down to great food!I have been eyeing this fab joint from Clint's and others' reviews, and when in the area today, I stopped by for bao!Greeted warmly by Chef Sheridan and Jenny - she immediately answered my questions with what to order: the special with chicken, beef and duck.  I told her the tofu sounded great, so that will be next time!  I got the mango passionfruit tea too (yummy!)While I waited, we chatted about their business and other general stuff, and I learned that bao is from Taiwan.  I got to sample the seasonal butternut squash soup (it is almost like dessert!) and learned that their chicken rice bowl is a twist on Hainanese Chicken Rice.  Chef Sheridan told me to try the sesame noodles too.I was served each bao one at a time (I sat at the counter in front of the register and saw the cooking and prep in action) - first duck, with its crispy skin and chives, then the juicy chicken with cilantro, and lastly, the beef which had a nice brisket texture.Overall, I loved all THREE!  I need to get back for the tofu bao, the sesame noodles, the chicken rice, the smoothies....mm!  I hope I can get over here to make this a regular spot!Credit cards accepted on slick phone app thingy and receipts are emailed or texted to you!
5	BAO CHICKA WOW WOWHoly mother of god - I have just had multiple bao-gasms.  The dynamic duo of Chef Sheridan of Jenny are like MJ and Scottie Pippen in the world of Bao's.  Each bao is specially hand crafted to perfection.  For 10 bucks, you get 3 steamed buns of goodness with a drink.  I'd recommend trying one of each but in my opinion, the Peking Duck and Braised Pork are the star of the show.  You really can't go wrong with any of their Bao's but i am so partial to the duck with the smokiness and crispness from the skin.   I'm getting a little excited just writing about this right now.Chef Sheridan and Jenny are extremely personable and are great people - they even write your name on your order like you're ordering a cup of Joe from Starbucks. Just a word of caution - this is not fast food.  Masterly trained and former disciple of Joel Robuchon, Chef Sheridan is perfecting art by steaming each indivdual bun and combinging the sauces, meat fillings and other tastiness.  While you're waiting you can scope out the scenary and even perhaps set up your next hair appointment in their salon.I am definitely a fan of Great Bao - so much that I will be leaving shortly for my third trip.............in the same day!
4	After reading Clint's review, next lunch trip ( rarely eat lunch during week anymore ) was to Great Bao.  It's only a mile or so from the office so very convenient.  Gotta admit, this is up there as far as quirky locations for a restaurant.the food - i went with the 3 bao combo ( includes a soda and chips though i didn't get the chips )   Went with the duck, the pork belly and the beef.Shot the shit with the owner as he prepared the meal.  I like the guy, good attitude, entertained by his food truck adventures but what about the food ?The duck was very flavorful, the beef, decent, the pork belly was the winner.  My only gripe - you don't get much for $10 - gotta take a star off for that.  Will i still come back - for sure !
5	The question of all questions after sharing with friends that I have eaten in a hair salon......can pieces of hair end up in your food?!  And the answer is NO....the place is legit and clean.  The setup is like a little side cafe/bistro....with 6 seats total next to the hair appointment check-in area.  Chef Sheridan seems like a very humble and genuine chef.  He has a food truck that is out of commission...thus the need to continue his business inside the salon.  Points to him for thinking outside of the box and making the most of his situation.The food is the BOMB DIGGITY and I do reserve this term only for special occasions.  The Taiwanese pork belly bao is my favorite, with the perfect combination of acidity with the pickled mustard greens, crunch of the peanuts, and melt in your mouth goodness of the pork belly.  Runner up is the Peking Duck Bao which is equally tasty with tender duck in hoisin sauce with a little crispy skin and a some crunch from the cucumbers.   The braised beef bao was good...but definitely not as good as the other two.  And there was a chicken option...but chicken is pretty much a vegetable in my diet....Overall, I will be back many times to this establishment....and I hope Chef Sheridan gets a restaurant some day to match the quality of his food.
5	This place is outstanding and unique.  Not any place I can think of in Las Vegas to bet a bao of the caliber you get at Great Bao.Run by Chef Sheridan and his fiance Jenny - I knew it was in a hair salon but upon seeing their space it was even smaller than I thought it was.  So what?  The food is awesome, the service is friendly, and the nice couple running the show deserve your patronage for the outstanding quality of their food.Tried 2 different baos - pork belly and duck.  The pork belly was good though I think maybe the sauce could use slightly more acidity or flavor.  The duck, however, was absolutely perfect.  Crispy skin, perfectly cooked duck, hoisin sauce, and just enough veggies to give it texture and more flavor.I love this place and will be back many times.  Also, Jenny went to Cal just like me.  Go Bears and Go Great Bao!
4	Holy Bao Great Bao!Did you guys know that one of my favorite snacks when I was little (even up to now) are BAOS?  Not only is saying "BAO" fun, eating it is ever more exciting!  So what the heck is a BAO?To be correct on the actual term, in Taiwan it is actually referred to as "Gua Bao".  The term bao can be generally described as a completely enclosed steam bun or some sort of a bun, but "Gua Bao" is more of the direct translation for the steam bun that is open faced.  (Imagine it as a fluffy taco bread would be the best description)So how did I discover this place?  Heading into Vegas this past weekend I wanted to make a point to at least try out a local eatery that is high on the list and interesting.  Recently I've read the location in Studio City called "Take a Bao" and so since the term BAO was in my head and this listing popped up on yelp, I decided to go for it.  So what do I think of this?1)  Very cool idea!  I'm extremely high on Taiwanese food and snacks not only because that I'm Taiwanese, but I truly believe that Taiwanese food scene is absolutely ridiculous in terms of their creativity but also  the flavor profile, therefore, I love this idea of bringing in food from Taiwan and China region where it is not the norm.  (I actually hate Chinese Restaurants.. they are all the same!)2)  Flavor was good!  Fluffy white buns with filling just like I've imagined...  They have 5 flavors and we tried all of them!  (chicken, beef, duck, tofu/ mushroom and of course, Pork Belly)  All the flavors were delicious with the standout being the original pork belly, and the least liked which is the tofu/mushroom)  Pork belly was tender, soft, and delicious while the tofu/mushroom seem to lack some flavor which was expected though...  All other meats were also pretty tasty.3)  Very intimate atmosphere in a very strange location.... it looked like a small temple/asian setting... cute little window and a tiny little spot.So were there cons... of course...  (we never expect anyone to be absolutely perfect right?) So what are they?1)  Location.  Despite how the decor looked, it was actually located inside a beauty shop of some sort...  It was tough for me to find in the beginning but good thing we found it.  2)  Seating... not much... maybe like 4 chairs?  It's a tiny start up joint with great food but extremely limited seating... so having it to go may be a better idea3)  Quantity....  The filling was a bit less for my taste as the Taiwanese version usually comes with a big slab of pork belly.  This just seem a bit small for my appetite.  However, it was enough to keep me going and not hungry.  (So it's just me... not you BAO!  LOL!)4)  Price... it may seem a bit on the high side to you guys... but the one in Studio City cost more!  But if you have never tried it, it's great to give it a shot. (Baos ranged from $3.00-$3.50)Overall experience:  Great idea, Tasty food, and hopefully they will have their own dedicated place soon.Would I go back when I'm in the area?  Of course I will!  This niche snack conjures up childhood memories with every bite into the marhmellow like warm soft buns and it is definitely delicious!  So for all those yelpers in LV, go check them out!  And for those in LA who is visiting LV, give them a visit and compare them with Take a Bao and see which one is better!Enjoy your BAOS!
5	It's been years since I've had hair on my head. So what am I doing inside a salon? Late on a Friday night, no less?The answer involves three simple letters. BAO.I've been wanting to check this place out for a while. I was in the area and found out via twitter that they were open late this Friday evening. (They've been staying open late on Friday nights for the past few weeks).This cute little cafe is the epitome of random. Nestled within a pretty large salon, you will find Chef Sheridan Su and Jen Jen (it said that on her t-shirt) behind a small hole-in-the-wall counter. It's a very intimate setting and you get to watch them preparing your food. As such, I think I picked the perfect time to try this place for the first time. With no one else around, it felt like I was in their home and as they were fixing me a late night meal, we chatted back and forth getting to know one another.With a couple as friendly and adorable as Sheridan and Jenny, I was immediately a fan of Great Bao, but how is their food?I went with the ComBAO. This allows you to pick any three bao plus a drink for $10 (tax included). I opted for duck, pork, and chicken. The bread was so light and fluffy. I like theirs better than The Chairman truck. Each bao had something I liked and I fully enjoyed them all. But if I had to pick one, I'd probably go with duck. Honestly though, that's only ever-so-slightly ahead of pork, followed closely by chicken. According to Chef Su, I was the first to try a chicken wing version--the chicken bao is usually made with breast and thigh meat.As for the drink, I went with a peach Italian soda with cream. It was surprisingly delicious. For some reason, it reminded me of a guava drink--very refreshing. After I was done with my three bao, Jenny asked me if I was ready for three more bao. What? I was so confused. Then she hands me a basket with three tiny balls of some sort of honey-biscuit-something-or-other. Funny and cute. Well played Jenny.So a big thumbs up on the delicious food, the tasty beverage, the friendly service, the intimate atmosphere, and the quirky location inside a salon. Plus, I always love meeting awesome small business owners. Everything about Great Bao Asian Cafe is simply fantastic.
4	Great Bao is a hole in the wall extraordinaire.  It's located in the most unique location of all - in a small corner of a beauty salon.  In my opinion, Chef Sheridan takes the approach much like IN-N-OUT, taking a few items and doing it right.  Of course the restaurant names says it all on his most popular items, but he also serves other delicious sides.On his bao's:Have you ever been to a family dinner where you had the peking duck served with only 8 fluffy baos to 10 people, so you really couldn't indulge in the juicy meat with the light and sweet bao?  Here at Great Bao, you can definitely get as many bao's as you want and NOT have to share.  Hubbie and I tried the duck, beef and pork belly.  The pork belly bao was my favorite - it was juicy and warm.  The duck bao was my next favorite.  Chef makes it so that there is a little bit of crispy skin to tease you to want more.  I also overheard that he gets his bao's baked fresh from a local bakery, so no, no, they are NOT pre-packaged or frozen.The other goods:His sesame noodles are a light and tangy.  His chicken and rice give me the comfort food fuzzies.Conclusion:  Great Bao - you've got it right.
5	This place is so good, its in a salon and there is one rickety table in front of a window with a kitchen the size of a closet. It must be good.We ordered 2 of each except the tofu.2 beef 2 duck 2 chicken and 2 pork belly. We inhaled all of them. 26$ i then i preceded to have 2 more duck, because they are legend....wait  for it....dary. my honey had another pork belly and tried there handmade sesame noodles with pork belly on them. anothe 17$ We will defiantly be back. The people that run the place are so nice and even asked our names.
5	Wow. This place just blew me away! Excellent food!!! Thx Jenny and Sheridan for a wonderful lunch experience! :)
5	It's aBAOt time someone opened up a restaurant dedicated to this delicate Chinese steam bun. The best way to try all the delicious type of bao is to go with another person. Between Vanessa N. and I we each got a duck bao and split the tofu, chicken, beef, and pork belly. Each were magnificent in their own right. The tofu and sauteed mushroom were tender while the fried garlic and scallions gave it a nice crunch. Pork belly is the way to go for melt in your mouth, fatty goodness. The chicken was ok, but nothing special. I could have eaten another of the beef or pork instead. The beef reminds me of a braised dish my mom makes and even more so after I got a taste of the pickled veggie. It was superb. The duck was good, but I was hoping for a little something more. The strip on duck skin was nice, but I would probably go with more scallions. I like a lot of crunch with my duck. It doesn't hurt if I could knock someone out with my breath as well.For $10, you get a choice of three bao and a drink. Add a large bottle Coke for $1 or a smoothie for $2. Any other hot or cold drink is fair game. While Sheridan is working on these fluffy pillow-like masterpieces, Jenny will mix up a delightful drink. Reading Paolo D.'s review, I went with the Peach Italian soda. I asked for milk instead of cream and Jenny used soy. Always a good substitute. The drink was not too sweet and they use Pellegrino Sparkling Water. Fancy... Check in with Yelp and you get a free bag of chips. For a mere $20, you get a substantial meal with a drink for two. Amazing. To ease the minds of Sheridan and Jenny, I wasn't watching with hawk-like attentiveness to recreate their bao or to steal their recipes. :p Just a food enthusiast. When they produce such a great product, I cannot see myself do better at home.
4	Beware, this place will leave you wanting for more.  Such weird location can only mean one thing.  SUCCESS FOR DELICIOUSNESS.  I figured if this place can stay open in a freakin salon, it must sell some dam good BAOs.My favorite is the duck.  The tofu and mushroom was ok and pork belly was dam soft but not enough flavor.However, after eating these, It just made me want to savage a Chinese restaurant for all their Peking ducks.
5	Mind you I'm not Asian and have never been to Asia, BUT, I can say this is the best Asian "sandwich" (bao, bahn mi, or otherwise) I've ever eaten!!! I'm concerned long term that word will get out and the scant 4 chairs available will always be full. Mind you, I love these little baos enough to eat them at my desk, or in my car... but I just don't see this place as having enough space to serve the demand that this place deserves ! For now, the space works, but once word gets out, I worry. I tried the 3 baos + drink for $10 combo. Tax is included and he has a nice variety of drinks to choose from. I felt the price/value was reasonable. I had a delightful mango passionfruit (?) iced tea with my beef bao, duck bao, and pork belly bao. I hate to rank them, because all 3 baos were incredible and I'd order that exact same order again and again. Each was served on a perfect bun brought in from his favorite bakery in LA.  If I had to choose a favorite - it would be the duck! The duck had a lovely consistency and he served it with 3 tiny pieces of crispy skin on top. YUM. The beef and pork belly were also amazing.  If I had to offer any criticism at all, it would be I'd prefer the pork belly a tad more crisp, but that's just my personal preference. The chef/owner has got serious credentials, and he puts a lot of love into these little baos. Luckily I work nearby so this will become a regular indulgence for me !
5	Next time I ask one of my friends to go to a hair salon with me, I hope they don't think I want to go get a haircut, because I'm taking them to go eat ! I know it goes against every fiber in your body to actually believe that this place is located inside a salon... or maybe that was just me. What? Who the heck wants to eat their food inside of a salon?! I DO !! But only because the food was amazing, as was the service. And despite what some may think, you do end up forgetting that you are in a salon.Like most others, I did the three bao special that comes with a drink. I got a duck, beef, and pork bao. And while they were all good, I probably wouldn't get the pork one again. It just wasn't AS good for me as the duck and beef one. Hell, next time I go I'm probably just going to get 10 of the duck one. That one was by far my favorite. The only down side to this place was that unless you get more than three baos, you will probably leave still a bit hungry. I was left wanting more, but unfortunately did not have the time to wait for another order. I hope that they eventually expand out of the tiny space they have at the salon. The food and service is good enough to have their own space, without having to share it with people getting a haircut who are probably judging those of us trying to eat in a hair salon.
5	So what if its in a hair salon...worth the drive from the east side for some great tawainese (sp?) steamed buns! I had the pork belly, duck and chicken....and unlike the other reviewers, i'm not even going to try to pick my favorite....they were all super fresh and yummy, made right before my eyes in their teeny tiny kitchen.   Rumor has it that they're open late on friday (midnite) and you can byob.......sweet!
3	With all the hype and media that Great Bao has been getting lately, I had to check it out. My foodie senses were tingling when I heard of a hole-in-the-wall (literally) place that specializes in steamed bao sandwiches. You'll have to walk through a hair salon to get to it though!I am a huge fan of the most delicious fluffy bao buns. Whether they be Cha Siu Bao stuffed with delicious BBQ pork, some savory Peking duck, or a delicious variety of sauteed vegetables--I'll eat it!I chatted a bit with Jenny and Chef Sheridan--a couple of the nicest people I've met in a while. I ordered their "combo meal" of sorts: your choice of any 3 bao + any drink for $10. I opted for 1 beef, 1 pork belly, 1 duck + peach italian soda. The beef bao was my least favorite. The beef was flavorful but in comparison to the size of the bao bun, I felt it ended up being a bit bland. The duck was meaty and had just the slightest bit of crispy skin. GO FOR THE PORK BELLY! The pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth good. Flavor was awesome. Texture was awesome. And it was the perfect pair with the fresh bao.I'll be back for another Pork Belly Bao and to try the rest of their menu. They've got smoothies, salads, and some noodles I hear are pretty awesome. Support local Las Vegas owned businesses! Visit Great Bao.
4	Baowow! I love myself a weirdo among the bunch. A food stall in Touch salon? Then I heard it's bao and I had to try it. I have always loved bao. I remember trips as a kid to Hong Kong and I would eat bao all day at this one particular stall where we can see them steaming the buns from the street. Every opportunity I see bao, I have to try. ABAO-t time we have a place in Vegas!As far as baos go- these are solid.The BF and I tried all the types. Personally the winner for me was the duck. The surprise standout was the chicken which was flavorful, moist..not something I would think I would like 2nd best. The tofu and mushroom would be great for fans of hiyayakko (raw) tofu. Beef was tender and reminds me of delicious braised stew I make. The pork belly is for people who love melty fat but I wanted a tad more salt on it. Good little snack or light lunch.The purveyors of this tasty treat were very nice people. I heard of a bao truck in the works months ago and didn't know what came of it. Apparently, they did buy a truck and inherited a myriad of issues and it never took off....so here they are at a salon. I'm all for little dreamers and can't wait to see them take care of their debts and see there they take these buns. Will be back for sure to try the noodles, bowls and of course, more bao!
4	This bao is indeed great.Very impressed with this little food shop inside a salon. Sheridan was incredibly friendly and even asked my name and made some chit chat with me while I waited for my food. He made the bao and sesame noodles with such care. It was fun just to watch. I ordered the combo (pork belly and beef, since he was unfortunately out of duck) with iced tea and a sesame noodle bowl with tofu. The food was delightful and very delicate. The noodles were spicy and delicious. I really enjoyed the tofu and mushrooms on top. They had great flavor and texture. The tea was fantastic too. Freshly brewed and had great depth. Like others have said, I wish the pork belly was slightly crispier, but it was still a solid dish!I was really looking forward to the duck, but I guess that just gives me all the more reason to return.
5	The pork belly was my favorite!  Clean and cute inside.  Very interesting to sit and eat bao in a hair salon, but hey! It works and it was fun and yummy!
4	Holla!  You can get vegan bao!!! Tofu and mushroom.  Tofu = raw, mushrooms = fancy, like shiitakes and some other lil cute thing, not those gross ones that show up in every veggie stir fry. Bao = soft pillowy goodness.  I'm not a mushroom fan, so I was not completely wild over these (not their fault, I had to give it a shot without modification.  But I'm just saying, if you don't like mushrooms, this is not gonna be the time you change your mind.  If you do like em, you'll be in heaven.)  One bao $3.  Also got a noodle salad w/ sesame dressing, same tofu + mushrooms, and some cucumber and carrot ($7).  I totally dug this dish.  Simple but very tasty.  Between the two items, I was acceptably satiated.  Will definitely be back.  The owner was super nice and friendly too.  Good for a take out lunch.I'm sure everyone else's review will say this too, but just in case -- it is kinda hidden inside a salon.  When I was there, the outside sign that said Great Bao, had come a bit loose from the building front, so you really could't see where it was til you got right up to the door.  But don't be afraid! Charge right in.  And if you're in the mood, get a pedicure while you wait.
4	My adventure bug hit one slow afternoon at work, and I was determined to try something completely new for dinner.  So I perused my trusty friend, Yelp, for some ideas and that's when I came across The Great Bao.  They offered a veg-friendly bao, was located right near where I worked,  AND it was in a beauty salon!  I just had to go!  So at 5 o'clock I hopped in the car with the husband and was off to an adventure."It's in a salon," I said.  "What do you mean *in* a salon?" asked the husband.  I responded, "I mean, you go inside a salon and it's supposedly somewhere in there."  "That doesn't make sense."  No it really doesn't make sense, but you have to trust me- there is a large beauty salon with a small nail salon right next to it.  Do not peek your head in the nail salon like I did; this is not correct.  Go through the beauty salon, walk past the nail polish, and find the literal hole in the wall.  We were greeted by Jenny and Chef Sheridan who were both very friendly and happy to answer my questions.  We ended up ordering a bao combo (all tofu) with the mango passionfruit iced tea.  We also ordered the sesame noodles.  The tea was refreshing and not too sweet and went really well with the tofu bao.  The sesame noodles were flavorful and topped with little slices of raw tofu, cilantro, and green onion.  The dish had a nice little spicy bite to it without being overpowering.  My husband and I both really enjoyed it.But to the star of the show: the great bao!  Now I used to be lame in my younger days and wasn't too adventurous with my eats.  I never had Chinese buns before let alone a bao, so this was my first go at anything like it.  Holy crap it was amazing!  I loved the taste and texture of the bao and it worked so well with the tofu and mushrooms.  There were a variety of mushrooms, including some adorable tiny ones, and they were very fresh.  The sauce was fantastic.I went to bed that night with dreams of bao in my head and wound up stopping back a couple days later.  I wanted to dine in, but didn't have a lot of time. So I called before we left and they graciously made the order ahead for me.  I got to The Great Bao a few minutes later and everything was ready to go and just as delicious as the first time!If I could make any suggestions it would be to maybe marinate the tofu to give it a little more flavor (yes, yes I know...it's tofu...please no smart comments).  Also, more veggie bao options for me to devour, please!Give yourself a little adventure and hit up The Great Bao -that way you can say you ate at a restaurant inside of a beauty salon.  And do it soon because I have a feeling they'll be getting a bigger place any day now!
4	The lady that attended to all our needs was very friendly. She also looks familiar, but I can't quite remember from where.. hm.My friend and I got the comBAO for $10 (including a drink). It's in these buns that I've been familiar with when I was younger and living in China - or someplace like New York. I got duck, beef, and pork belly. I preferred the duck the most. I'm going to try the tofu and chicken next, but definitely will be getting duck again. Not so sure about the chicken and pork belly. I love pork belly in general though.. but chicken's not my thing so it's okay.Their drink choices seem pretty extensive for such a small joint. Awesome. It's in a salon so after you get used to the smell of all the hair products, you'll be able to enjoy your food :D. Plus, service is awesome so that's always a plus!I'll be back soon.
3	The first time I went here, I had the 3 bao combo for $10.  I had two pork belly baos, one with duck and Sprite in a glass bottle.  Although the pork belly baos were good, I have to say I liked the duck bao a little bit better.  The skin was crispy and the meat was great.  Unfortunately, after I left, I realized I was still hungry and went home hungry.  So, I actually ate leftovers at home.  Overall, though the food was good, the portions are a little small for me and was left unsatisfied.  I suggest they have a 4 bao combo for $12.  Also, I was the only one there and had to wait a while to get my food.During the second time, I thought I would try their sesame chicken noodle dish and also had a duck bao.  The noodle dish was good and filled me up a bit more than the first time I went.  It had the right level of spiciness for me as well.  The duck bao was still good.  There were a few more people there when I went this time.  I was second in line and a few more came after me.  Again, I had to wait a while to get the food.  I felt bad for the people that came after me, as their wait was longer (20 min and counting when I left).I wish I could give this place more stars like the other reviewers.  I have no complaints about the taste, but I don't think it is worth the money and time.  With the size of the baos and the meat portions, I think it would be a good price if it was 50 cents less.  The sesame noodle is a better value at $6, instead of $7.  Contrary to another reviewer, I thought The Chairman food truck's pork belly baos were way better.  Though it was a little more expensive, the taste, bao size, and meat portion was worth the price.  Unfortunately, they were only visiting Vegas for a special event and reside in San Francisco.I would still recommend people to try this place out, if you want to try bao sandwiches.  They are good as a snack.  Expect a little wait.
4	We heard about the Great Bao Asian Cafe from Las Vegas Weekly. My husband and I are totally about trying new places, and hole in the walls. This certainly feels like a hole in the wall. You have to enter into a salon, where the cafe is the center of it. It is quite interesting. I wish the smell of acrylic from the nail salon was not so strong. It is very strange to smell delicious baos, mixed with acrylic and hair dye. But as for as the food, my husband and I tried all their baos! These baos from Great Bao are delicious.  I actually think we had about 2-3 of each kind... individually! The pork bao was a bit fatty for my husband's liking, but I thought it was still very good. Our favorite has to be the duck! The crispy duck skin is just fantastic. My husband does not like duck, but he really really liked their duck. The service was excellent. We dined in, since we didnt know that you could order on the phone for pick up. The owners were so nice, and they gave us duck consomme (like a duck broth) to  have while we waited. The baos are very reasonably priced also. Be careful if you are a late-night eater. They are usually only open till 7pm... and I have seen their status on FB say they have even 'sold out for the day' a few times.Thank you for the baos!! WE WILL BE BACK!
5	We stopped by for dinner on a Thursday right a 6:15PM.  Upon entering Touch Spa Salon, the scent of chemicals attacked me and I wonder if that will interfere with my dining experience at Great Bao.  There were two small tables with padded chairs under each table.  Jenny was very helpful with the menu.  After little to no hesitation, we ordered the sesame noodle and the baos.  Sesame noodle, choice of chicken or tofu:  We chose chicken.  Wowee.  After the first bite, the chemical smell I had inhaled and worried about was not on my mind at all.  Yes, this noodle was that delicious.  The noodle have the perfect texture, neither soggy nor hard...Perfecto! The noodle is tossed in a sesame vinaigrette, along with julienne cucumber and carrots.  Jenny asked if we want it a little spicy, and a bit of satay was added on top of the noodle.Choose 3 Bao + Drink:  We chose the mushroom and tofu, roast duck, and pork belly.  We also chose the mango passionfruit tea and that can be made sweeten or unsweetened.  -mushroom and tofu:  there were three types of mushroom in this bao.  Very refreshing.-pork belly bao:  the pork belly has a nice crisp to it.  So GOOD.  -roast duck bao:  duck chicharron w/duck meat.  This is the BEST roast duck bao I have ever consume.  At the end of our dinner, Jenny bought out to us pieces of sweet creation by Chef Su, bao topped with condensed milk and crush peanuts.  Simple and Sweet.  Love it.We are fans of Great Bao, and I am pondering right now if they are open...Thank you Chef Su and Jenny!  You guys ROCK!!
4	The buns deserve 5 stars!   But it's not exactly located on the strip, so we had to take a taxi roundtrip to get there to try out these great buns, so if you don't hv a car rental, transportation can be costly unless you wait for the bus.Jenny was very nice telling us the ingredients involved in the great buns, I also tried out the smoothie, and it tastes pretty healthy!  Love it, will definitely go back if we rent a car next time!
5	Roast Duck Bao is roast duck with pickled radish, scallion, and hoisin sauce. The duck is tender and reminiscent of Chinese roast duck. The pickled radish adds a sweet and sour component balancing out the duck flavor. The hoisin sauce ties the components together. The flavors complete the ying and yang component. It's the star of the dish - soft, fluffy, slightly sweet, and perfectly steamed with a glistening glaze on the outside. Thumbs up, way up!Tofu Bao is sweet shoyu (soy sauce), tofu, roasted mushroom, and green onions. Wow! For a vegetarian option, you never even miss the meat. The tofu is soft like pork belly and just melts in your mouth. The roasted mushrooms add a meat-like texture and a smoky flavor. The creaminess of the tofu and the nuttiness from the mushrooms are a dynamic combination and would make any vegetarian or carnivore happy. Thumbs up, way up!Pork Belly Bao is pork belly with pickled mustard greens and crushed peanuts. OMG! This bao is to die for! The pork belly is soft like butter and is melt-in-your-mouth delicious! The crushed peanuts add a crunchy texture and flavor reminiscent of Asian cuisine. Thumbs up, way up!
3	The Look and Feel of the RestaurantThis place is located inside Touch Spa Salon just in the back.  The only thing that really bothered me was the smell of chemicals from the salon.  The place has a few small tables and chairs so you can sit and dine, but the last time I checked, there were only about 3 tables (with two chairs each).  The ServiceThe service was outstanding.  The owner of the place is very friendly.  The food took a while to come out, but someone would let us know every few minutes the status our order.  For the most part, after you order your food, you service yourself as there are napkins, straws, condiments etc. whatever you need at the cashier's counter.  OrderingI had the bao special which means 3 small bao + drink for $10 (that includes tax).   These are not like the traditional ball-like bao you see in regular chinese restaurants.  They are more like bao sandwiches. I ordered:Roast Duck - This was delicious.  Very tender.  It's kind of like the stuff they have at chinese restaurants.Pork Belly - Nice and juicy, full of flavor.Beef - The least of my favorite as the beef was dry and cold.Each bao had a little bit of scallion, cilantro, oyster/hoisin sauce on it, but could have used some more sauce.  The order took about 20 minutes to come out (which is a long time considering there weren't too many orders made at that time).  The presentation was really nice.  The bao came lined up on a wooden shopping board. I felt so fancy eating it.  And even when we got our food, it didn't seem like it was piping hot or anything.  It was just warm and some parts of the meat were even cold.  The flavor was definitely good though.  At the end of the meal, I was still hungry.  It was like I just had an great appetizer and was ready for the main course.  Even my girlfriend finished her whole order of the bao special.  This almost never happens and is a sure sign that the portions are too small.  Usually after finishing my food, I look forward to my girlfriend saying, "babe, I can't finish this.  Can you finish this to me?"  But this time, it never came.  It never came.  On a serious note, outstanding bao like this can be found at any dim sum restaurant and for cheaper (which is strange considering this place is located in a nail salon; you'd expect prices at Great Bao to be a tad cheaper since operating costs should be lower).ConclusionI'd give this place a 3.5.  Their bao are delicious, but it's not anything extraordinary.  The price and the portion is really what put me off.  I know 3 bao + a drink for $10 doesn't sound like much money, but honestly each bao could be eaten in 2 bites.  I left still hungry and wondering if I should go get more food elsewhere.  I probably would not return unless they lower their prices ($7.50 max for bao special) or offer bigger portions.  My reasoning?  I would not pay any more than $2/bao.  The drink should cost around $1.50.
5	Tried the combo and had to return for seconds on the belly pork bao. It was that good. The sesame noodle was also great. Will definitely return. The owners were both so friendly and helpful.
5	omg YUMMY ;p
4	The food here is really good! I loved the pork/duck buns and LOVED the noodles. However, I'm going to take a star out because the location is just so awkward.. I love to sit down and eat a good meal, but there is VERY little space to sit down. First off, it is located in a SALON so while you eat these delicious buns, you have to smell all these different hair chemicals that just do not go well with your meal. The tables are tiny so you have to put some stuff on your lap. You can also hear the ladies of the salon talking to their own customers about perms, colors, and cuts. I wish they had an outdoor seating area... Or if you guys dont mind, take it to-go.The owners are super friendly and explain well what goes inside each item. I would only come back here to see the owners and eat the good food (TOGO).
4	Bao chicka wow woww.. okay, I'm done.  Great Bao is hidden in a salon and would've never knew it if my friend hadn't directed me in the right direction.  But, alas, we found it.  Jenny and Chef Sheridan was very nice and greeted us immediately.  Jenny gave us a few suggestions off of the menu and we got to ordering.  I opted for the tofu & mushroom bao but they ran out of tofu!!  So, I prompty opted for a mushroom only version and also ordered a tofu-less tofu & mushroom salad to grub on as well.  They have a variety of drinks (including smoothies) but I opted for some hot jasmine green tea.  Jenny asked me for the names of the peeps in our group and she went on to write alliterative adjectives (how's that awesome alliteration for ya) in front of our names.  I believe mine was 'Brotherly Bronsen'.  I have a brother and my name is Bronsen.  Spot on, Jenny!  Haha anyway, they cooked up the bao for me and my group and it was grubbin'.  Annnddd if you check in on any social site (yes, including yelp), they give you a free bag of chips.  Not bad.  Good food, great service, and awesome convos.. definitely will be back.  Hopefully they save some tofu for me next time!!
5	Sure, I read about this place from some very wise sounding yelpers.  It's about 10 minutes west of the strip on Tropicana in a strip mall next to a sushi and chinese restaurant.  Yet there's only a sign for a salon, but due to a yelp photo I recognized it and found nirvana.  You walk by the salon's reception desk, pass the foot soaking tub room and hair products inside the interior window and find this little food counter staffed by two perfect hosts.Sheridan is about to be one of the region's top chefs- the next David Chang.  I felt so lucky to get in here while he and Jenny (correct?  I sure hope so) can still socialize and seem so happy and relaxed while making some of the BEST FOOD I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE.  This place is only 4 months old.I took their recommended 3 buns and a drink for $10.  While I could have chosen a $5 smoothie for my drink, I had a perfect jasmine tea while watching Sheridan make my perfect Sesame noodle dish.  The noodles were the BEST tasting I've ever eaten- a sublime fresh taste/feel.  The pork belly bao bun was crispy, juicy, fatty, and cooked to perfection.  I normally don't eat duck but one bite into this masterpiece had me ordering a second one posthaste.The skin on the duck was indescribably crispy.  It was truly without compare.  In fact all foods should use this duck as the reference standard when describing crispy.  The duck itself was soft, moist, and tender.  The bun was a perfect compliment.  Here in Vegas I took a gamble and drove out here and not only found amazing Taiwanese food, but some of the finest quality food on the planet.Fly to Vegas ASAP to come here!  Otherwise drive here!  If you don't have a car, then start walking.  If no legs, then crawl.  Leave now before this magical experience changes.
5	I came in here because I heard so much about it on Yelp and different local weeklies. I'm glad Yelpers told me that it was in the Spa Salon because I would have never found it. It was evening when I came in so it was rather quiet throughout the place. I like quiet. I walked up to the counter and recognized Jenny. We volunteered for a Yelp event the week before. I tell you she's good at sales and passing out Yelp flyers. Ok, back on track, she explained the menu to me and I ordered the sesame noodles and the combo bao special. As I was waiting, I was served a duck consomme.. how fancy. Did not expect that at all and it was the first time I've had duck consomme. It was surprisingly good especially with the mini diced carrots. Noodles next, I did not think the noodles was going to be such a large portion but I finished it all, really quickly mind you. It was simple and to the point. I know it's not traditional but I would have liked mine to be really spicy. Nothing like spicy noodles to open up your appetite. And next the baos, I had pork belly, duck and vege. Because I'm generally not a bun/white bread eater, I ended up eating the inside and left a lot of bao. Insides of all the baos I had were seasoned perfectly and had great flavor. Of course my favorite one was the pork belly. You can never go wrong with pork belly. Looking forward to my next visit. Hope you are well Jenny and Sheriden. Like I said you have a niche business and thank you for opening and providing us with great baos!
5	I celebrated my birthday in Vegas. Now that I am 21, I am able to roam freely without being denied entry to a casino ground or anywhere else. I stayed with my sister who recommended this place to me. Let me get going on the review!As I walked into the shop location, I came across this extremely strong scent of chemicals; It is located in the back of the salon. I was a bit iffy. I thought the scent would have affected the shop's food. I stepped up to the counter and was greeted by young lady name Jenny. She told me the history of why she and the chef, Sheridan opened the place. Ask them yourselves. They won't bite (you). Haha.Food I ordered:Roasted Duck Bao - This bao wasn't as messy as I thought it would be. I thought it'd be a typical chinese restaurant bao. Their bao's at warm and fluffy.Pork Belly Bao (2) - Unbelievable! I've never had such a crispy pork belly bao before! The pork belly is thinly sliced and cooked to a crispy perfection. Each bite I took was more delicious; I would be able to taste each ingredient.Green Smoothie - Absolutely delicious and refreshing. I highly recommend this even though it costs a couple bucks more. Sure you're grown up enough to eat your vegetables but the way they made the smoothie will absolutely have you wanting more.This is a good stop for someone that wants to enjoy their food; It does take a bit of time to get your food but good for takes time.
4	Had the 3 bao combo + ice tea.   Loved every bite of it!
5	We tried every bao, and we loved them all! The duck was the best one. It was crispy and not too fatty...we had to order a second. Pork belly was the runner up. Even the tofu bao satisfied these two carnivores. If you appreciate fresh food and don't mind eating off a tv tray, then this place is for you! Think of it as an indoor food truck.
5	I'm not aBaot to get started on any idioms with the name.. Great Bao is simply just an honest to god, whole hearted food stand that serves Great Bao from the soul.  Next time you have a $10 bill, spend it on the comBao of roast duck, pork belly, beef and a drink with tax already included.  Forget the fact that the place is nestled in a hair salon.. what better place to get your fill and a make over all at the same time!  Chef Sheridan and his wife make a fantastic duo which adds on to the personable and Baontiful experience at Great Bao.  The chef creates each individual Bao using only chopsticks with precision equaling perfection.  Just make sure you eat it while its Hot!  The only thing I have to say is I wish the price could either be a little cheaper or the portions a little bigger... Nevertheless, Bao me up!
4	Incredible "Chinese sandwiches"!  (I promise I'm Asian).There is no other way to describe the excellent, deeply flavored pork belly, chicken, and roast duck, perfectly balanced with pickled and fresh veg, sandwiched in a Chinese steam bread.   (I know, its called bao).It sounds like this food is served from a food truck right?  It's not.  It's served from a hair salon and day spa.  Very logical.  Regardless, the quality of the food and its presentation are excellent.  The steam bread, perfect.  Gently flavored, moist, chewy and pillowy at the same time.  The pork belly is well rendered.  Juicy but not greasy.  Tender pork, fatty heaven!  The roast duck, dense and moist, with smoky ducky goodness capped by crispy skin.  With the addition of the veg, each bao achieves the sweet, sour, salty, bitter flavor and textural balance.  Other versions are also offered including a vegetarian tofu and mushroom bao.Really good eats that can be appreciated even by those who think Chinese food is General Tso's Chicken with shrimp fried rice.Prices are reasonable for the quality.  $3 and change for a single bao.  $10 for three bao and a drink.They do sell out so check their Facebook page or Twitter feed before going.
5	Great Bao reminded me "secret pizza at Cosmopolitan hotel" all the time because its secret location (located inside hair salon in 24 fitness plaza on Tropicana / Decatur). Every time I came back here, food just got better and better!  Both food quality and price are great. Bao combo is $10 comes with 3 baos with a drink. I pretty much tried everything on the menu. All their baos tasted amazingly good especially the pork belly one. Chef Sheridan seared fried the pork belly right before serving on the bun. I just loved so much about the texture of pork belly. It tasted just a little bit crispy from outside and buttery from inside. I probably could eat 20 of it if it wouldn't affect my weights lol ...  Desert bao is their secret menu item (fried bun of bao with condensed mik and peanut powders) which is also very good.I also like their green smoothie a lot. Its made with Spinach, Banana, Berries & Honey. It tasted light & little sweet and matched perfectly with greasy comfort baos!
5	The Prince of Taiwan had just eaten lunch at another joint but had to invest some time in coming to this delightful hole in a wall type place located inside a hair salon place..yeah..you heard that right. You can get your bikini wax and some chinese food all at the same place..or even the same time if you are adventurous enough.The P o T has been to many exotic places to eat in the past years, from sashimi off the bodies of nekkid chicks to Thomas Keller's Bouchon in Napa, but his heart will forever be given to small mom and pop type places whos passion for cooking spills forth in their service and food. I demand everyone who goes to Las Vegas to give this tiny place a try.  I met with the chef and wife (?) who were very nice and friendly. We chatted about their business, and how they got started, to the food scene in Vegas and my native San Francisco. They apparently know the folks over at the Bay Area Chairman Bao, but I have to say thier stuff is a notch above. Everything is made to order, and the chef, a big bald dude that can probably twist me into the shape of a pretzel, was making my stomach beg for mercy while he seared my meat. That sounded dirty...sorry.Get the best deal, which is the 3 bao plus drink for 1o bucks. boss/Wife and I got the pork belly, mushroom/ tofu, and the duck. each was delicious and off the chain. so good Jeremy Lin can be bribed to lose a game or two for some of these bad boys. Pork belly is seared perfectly, as was the mushroom cooked to a T. but it was the DUCK DUCK DUCK that had the Prince of Taiwan howling at the moon, scaring all the white folk in the salon. tender morsel of duck with some pickled veggies gave it a perfect bite and crunch. It is most worthy. Crackhead worthy. They say they are soon filming a show for Food Network next month and I wish them the very best. All my loyal padawans out there....go now and get bao'd.
3	Everything tasted fresh and well seasoned. Service is friendly too. Definitely worth going back for more!
5	I'd like to officially thank yelp and my GPS for this find!  This restaurant is more of a pass through between the chef and his little burners and you and a couple teeny, tiny tables, all located inside a sprawling beauty salon in a huge strip mall.  They close early - like 7pm - but act like your Grandma and eat your dinner early, damn it!The 3 Bao + drink (delish Italian soda) special for $10 is a steal for the fun, fresh uniqueness.  I chose three different bao fillings: - Peking Duck, complete with crispy skin, crunchy veggies and Hoisin sauce - marinated chicken with cilantro and lime - Pork Belly with cucumber, green onion and Hoisin sauceWhichever I was shoving in my mouth at the time was my favorite.  And the buns, so soft and squishy, were utter perfection.I got to speak to the owner and his wife (?) while he was preparing my food.  I told him yelp had brought me to him, and he said they're getting huge press from us and local papers (I just went on their website and saw they'll be closed for a week coming up for filming a TV show!  Get in there now before the mad rush!!).  Now that I've tried their bao, I can see why they've already got a devoted following.
5	They have great baos, too little choices thou. It was kinda hard to locate since its inside a salon with a window counter next to the receiption area. If you have a huge party, I suggest you order take out since their won't be enough room for more than 5 people. The server girl is really nice and the chef too, but he doesn't talk much! The $10 combo is a great deal, you get 3 baos of your choice and a drink!!! Hopefully they will have their own restaurant when we come back for a visit next year!!!!
5	delicious! absolutely a must when ever you're in town. prepare to have your taste buds rocked!
3	I must say, this is the most awkward set for a cafe/restaurant.  It's located next to a smoke shop which is located right next tfo 21 Sushi.  BUT you would still have a awkward time finding because it's located inside a hair salon which is the actual business next to the smoke shop which is next to 21 Sushi.  AND there is merely a banner displaying below the salon which is half falling down.  So, if you all these business's don't  fret, you are headed in the right direction.Walk into the salon that accommodates nearly no seating.  So, be ready to get your food to go or sit in the car and eat it.  Each Bao is over $3 and they are small.  The flavor is merely ok, for my tastes.  This is what we had:- duck bao- pulled pork bao- pork belly bao- chicken and rice bowl- sesame noodle w/chicken (this dish was my fav but over priced)- italian sodas (vanilla and peach)  Most of us preferred the vanillaAll three bao's had very little meat.  I am no bao connoisseur and compared their bao's to the Vietnamese tacos I've had at the Cheesecake Factory.  The Vietnamese taco's are full of meat and much more flavor.  Granted you only get pulled bbq pork as an option but I'd much prefer to have those.  I really get that happy satisfying feeling after eating those...and I'm quite content after eating them, which was not the case for this place.The service was impeccable.   They explained what everything was and even how to eat to my brother. They messed one of my orders and then tried to give me someone else's.  But they were so sweet about it.  The messed up order ended up being a good mistake for my daughter.  She preferred the pork belly over the pulled pork that we originally ordered.The food wasn't bad, I've just had better.  I don't think I would go out of my way to eat here again.  But if I'm in the area I might pop in for the sesame noodle bowl w/ chicken.
5	This place is on of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas.  Tucked away in the Touch Nail Salon at Tropicana/Decatur, do not judge this book by its size or cover.  The chef is a very nice and humble man who cares about his customer satisfaction.  The prices are reasonable for what you get.  The food is excellent and the ingredients are fresh and flavorful.  I get the combo platter due to the value (choice of 3 bao and a drink), and the option to mix and match bao.  I have tried the pork belly, duck, chicken, and pulled pork bao.  I am not going to get technical with all the ingredients and flavors in the bao, but let us just say that I have nothing bad to say about them.  I cannot pick a favorite because they are equally great.  When the Great Bao food truck opens, I will be sure to follow it.  I wish the owner the best of luck with this business, and I will be sure to return to this establishment often.
5	Great food - had the duck bao, the chicken bao and the pork belly bao - every one of them was excellent.  If pressed, I would have to say the pork belly bao was my favorite by a slim margin (but the crunchy garnish on the chicken bao was amazing, unique and excellent - so consider me on the fence here)  Chef Su (Sheridan) was very friendly - this is truly one of the great food experiences in Las Vegas - the 'urban irony' of such great food and service in such a simple, unassuming and unexpected setting adds to the great quality of the experience in my mind.  Definitely worth a visit, and I will return, without question.
3	This place is okay. The thing that bugged me about it was that it's located inside a hair salon and the fumes from the hair/nail products made me nauseous. Plus there are only like 2 small tables and if those are filled you have to sit on the couch. Food is good, the 3 bao special is excellent taste-wise, but in my opinion it's a tad pricey and doesn't really fill you, and the Italian soda they pushed wasn't all that great. I give it 3 stars for now, but I heard they have a food truck...I'll wait to see how that is! So taste-wise I give it 5 stars, but atmosphere I give it 2.
5	Amazing Chinese Bun sandwiches.  The place is kinda hard to find its inside a nail salon.  He is starting a food truck in addition the store soon.  I would highly recommend trying this place. $10 dollars for 3 buns and a drink great value.
5	Yummy baos in my belly! I honestly found it quite odd to find it inside a salon. Anywho.Both of the people behind the counter were really nice. They actually started a conversation with me and asked me questions while cooking. I ordered the comBAO, which gives you 3 baos and a drink for $10 (which is a great deal since each bao is $3). I got pork belly, roasted duck and pulled pork. My favorite is the duck (second would be pork belly). For my drink, I got the Italian soda with raspberry flavoring. It's a great way to cleans the palate after eating such flavorful baos. I'm honestly hooked! These baos are so yummy! Each different kind of bao has its own distinct tastes and the right ingredients added to enhance each flavor. Definitely a place I'll stop by whenever I want a quick lunch otw home from school.
5	Came to Great Bao's solely on a recommendation from my friend who is a chef. He was taught by the owner of Great Bao's, Chef Sheridan. Who also cooked at Michelin Starred, Sona and various other restaurants around Las Vegas.Great Bao's is tucked in a shopping plaza and inside of a hair salon. Yes you read right, a hair salon. Searching for this venue was like playing a RPG game. It is in a hair salon and literally the restaurant is in a shack. NO more than 2 people can fit into the kitchen and maybe 5 people at most can eat at a time. But don't let the exterior decor fool you. Chef Sheridan is no joke on his tiny electric stove. It shows. People will line up just to try one hell all of his baos. I absolutely love his concept and his food, obviously. Simple items made to perfection. Order ANY of the baos. They are all great. No lie. I just ate whatever he flowed to me. He started me off with the sesame noodle salad as a starter. A great crisp appetizer worth every bite. Pork belly, Duck, Pulled Puck and a drink for $10. Really can't beat that. Special shoutout to his lady for making those mocha shakes cause we had to hit the road back to California right after. We even ordered another round of 3 bao's for the road. They are THAT awesome!The bao's were as good if not better than David Chang's Momofuku buns and a clear competitor to Ippudo's in NY's.Make it a point to visit Great Bao. I rec' friends to go and they are overly impressed.Happy for you Chef Sheridan. Best of luck with your endeavors!
5	I was stressed and depressed the day I visited Great Bao.  Once again, I was starting to say farewell to yet another great friend leaving this forsaken desert of a town for a more wholesome and fulfilling place to live.  My usual love-hate relationship with Vegas took a turn for negativity and I could hardly remember why I'm still breathing this sandblasted allergy-inducing air.  My Mr. who has a relentless propensity for optimism (thank heavens for him) decided to cheer me up by taking me out to Starbucks, which didn't help, until I realize that Great Bao was footsteps away.This place renewed my hopes for Vegas, its random location inside a hair salon makes you think you're in New York or San Fran, it's perfectly quaint and quirky.  Arriving shortly before their closing hour, I was the only one there, a perfect time to meet Chef Sheridan and his fiance, a couple so adorable you'd want to start planning their wedding.  6 seats total, 2 at the counter, the environment is minimal and intimate and all about the food.  While Chef Sheridan makes the food, I stand at the counter and read the various articles written about their story.  You can't help but start rooting for him!  Once an executive chefs at celebrity restaurants like Wazuzu and Comme Ca, Sheridan followed his dream to a Bao food truck, only to discover that following your dream can take you down rocky paths, so now they're at the Bao food stand.Story aside, the food is absolutely delicious.  I did the ComBao and got three different experiences, all equally tasty.  The Pork Belly was traditional and sumptuous and reminded me of New York's Ippudo.  The Duck had great quality and creativity.  The Tofu and Mushrooms featured three different kind of mushrooms, and have you wondering how they can make a profit with this kind of effort and freshness.  All 3 Baos plus a drink for $10.  Yes, the chef makes the buns when you order them and his cute fiance makes the drink.  It's the kind of story that writes books, no kidding!Full and happy after three buns, Vegas and me, we're working things out.
5	Awesome flavor!!! been wanting n craving "gou bao" in States and the chef totally pulled it off! super friendly too! Chix noodles has great flavor too! thumbs up! :)
4	Finally...made it over today -- not too far from UNLV and with two of my favorite eaters in tow, tried the 3 bao combo and shared some sesame noodles.Today's chicken was his tsukune...which was actually my favorite -- but the pork belly was delicious, as was the duck.  All in all, definitely worth the trip west for something fun and interesting as well as supporting a chef, who seems like a genuinely nice guy, and his dreams!Good luck with your new truck!
5	Had a "com-bao" for lunch...3 delicious bao's and a drink!  It was AAAAAMAZING.    Each bite was better than the last and I was only sad when I finished my meal.  The bun was perfect and fresh. The meats were juicy and flavorful. The accompanying herbs and veggies in each bao were chopped fresh and perfectly paired. I definitely will be back.  One of the more delicious meals I've had in quite some time. :)
5	We where in Vegas for the easter long weekend and just had to find some great food.  Well finding this place wasn't easy but in the end it was like finding a great hidden treasure.  We ordered a sample of three Bao's (Pork Belly, Pulled Pork, and Duck)  with a Italian soda.  After that great meal we just had to order more due to the great taste.  So we ordered our favorite pulled pork and duck Bao's and just had to try their mushroom/tofu Bao.  Let's just say I am a picky person to please but this food was out of this world.  Great food, great service, good prices and great people.  Jenny and Sheridan are a amazing team and their food is fit for a kingor queen.  GO THERE AND EAT, and you will thank me later!  Great job guys!!!
5	I LOVE the bao here! For $10 you can basically get yourself a sampler platter. I come here everytime I'm in Vegas now and it's something that I crave when I'm at home.Yes, the location is kinda off-putting, but once you have a bite of the bao you'll be hooked! I can barely wait until I get into the car to start munching away!
5	Gourmet food. Everything has its own unique taste! Crispy duck with thin slices of Persian cucumbers and scallions, chicken meatballs with sauce so delicate but perfect, mushrooms & tofu had at least four kinds of mushrooms including shitaki, oyster, and button mushrooms(can't identify the other), and pulled pork also pan seared with sauteed spinach. We had the sandwiches with italian sodas, raspberry and peach. Perfect to clean your palate.  Gourmet for $10 (thats 3 baos and a drink).
5	Who would have thought that some of the best food in Vegas would come from the smallest restaurant in town...a 6 seater inside a hair salon? You guessed it, Great Bao.Pork Belly Bao - softest steamed bun you can find, imagine eating a cloud. Crisp, fresh, veggies. The star of course is the Pork Belly. Fatty, juicy, but not overpowering, i could literally eat 15 of these. it's like crack!!!!Offers noodles, and smoothies too. Kudos to Sheriden Su. A real gem of Vegas!!
4	I was at Tommy Rockers today to do one thing EAT! I stepped into the lot between the food trucks and Jenny from the Great Boa truck came right over to tell me about the items on their menu without me even stopping, now that is service. I walked around for a minute and came back knowing the Great Bao was my choice. Had the Duck, Pork Belly and the Pot Stickers.Pork Belly was good but the Duck steamed bun stole the show. The Duck was right on with some great flavors, the tiny cuts of cucumber stuck out and complimented it very well. The pot stickers came out late and they gave me an extra one for waiting.Can't wait to go to their hidden location next!!
5	Definitely lives up to all the 4 & 5 star ratings!I walked into the salon and was greeted by Jenny. Very friendly and hospitable, asking and addressing every customer by name. I ordered the trio for $10, which includes a drink. She even asked how I heard about Great Bao, so of course, I told her from the rave reviews I read on Yelp. :)Very tasty. The bun was extremely soft (I'm a bread/carb lover). Even though the pork bao was very tasty, I'd have to say I liked the tofu-mushroom one the best. I know, I know, I should've ordered the duck. What was I thinking, attempting to be semi-healthy with my ordering?! Next time, I will.There were no other customers while I ate, so Jenny spoke with me about their food and business. She was very nice and I'd have to say, I probably received better service from her than the 5-star restaurants I've recently visited. She explained the ingredients, thanked me for giving their food a try, and invited me back. Being from the service industry most of my life, you'd think that sounds easy, but you'd be amazed how many food industry employees do not do that these days. She made my first visit here very enjoyable!Highly recommend it. It is strange to be in a salon ordering food, but you won't regret it. With some time & great word of mouth about their awesome baos, hopefully they won't be in there for long! :)
5	I am a big fan of the new gourmet food trucks I see everywhere.  I saw this one at the new farmer's market downtown they have on Fridays.  I got the duck bao and man was it delicious!  It came on a soft little white roll, kinda like what dim sum is made of, and had duck meat in a kinda sweet sauce and vegetables.  I would like to try the pork belly bao and the chicken on a stick.  The waitress was nice, even said bye when I left and had remembered.  Very cool and classy little food truck!
3	Finally tried the Great Bao Truck last month while they were at Tommy Rockers for a Food Truck Event. I was a bit disappointed to be honest. I had high hopes. I had never had bao before so maybe its really good for what it is and I just have nothing to compare it against. I had the Pork Belly Bao and it was just ok. The pork belly seemed a bit dry to me the flavors were so-so. I feel bad giving less than 3 stars because I have nothing to compare them to. I'll try again sometime I'm sure and update my review from there.The staff was very friendly!
2	Service: 1.5Don't really review much but because of my experience had to write something. First off, this is the strangest restaurant I've been to. It's inside a Hair and Nail Salon/Spa inside a strip mall. Couldn't find it initially, then after 5 minutes of looping the parking lot, found a small sign next to the Salon sign. We walked in and there were two gentlemen in front of us waiting to order. They ordered, then we ordered. The lady who took our order told us it would be a few minutes. We waited for 15 minutes then the lady came up to us and said there are two other orders in front of us so it would be a few more minutes. So we decided to go out and come back. We waited outside eating ice cream because it took so long. She came outside with two bottles of water to apologize then another 15 minutes went by before we got our meal "to go".Left Office: 12:55pmArrived in Parking Lot: 1:10pmGot Lost for 5 Min: 1:15pmOrdered our food: 1:20pmLeft the restaurant: 2:05 pmGot Back to Office to Eat: 2:18pm.Didn't know this was going to be a journey....Food: 2.5The food was ok at best. We ordered all the BAOs on the menu. 1. Duck Bao - Good flavor (probably the best there) Could add more meat though. Just one slice of duck.2. Pork Belly Bao - Two slabs of 1 inch thick slabs of pork belly. A bit dry.3. Chicken Bao - Extremely dry chicken. Crispy skin but tasted like they definitely overcooked the chicken.4. Tofu & Mushroom Bao - Combination of ingredient blended well. Fried tofu but the sauce made it softer. Also ordered the Chicken salad because they ran out of sesame noodles. The chicken salad was not good at all. Dry chicken meat with cucumber slices and spring mix? To add to that found a hair in my salad. I know it's not my hair because I don't have hair on my head and it was longer than an eyelash.
5	I live close to Chef Sheridan's Great Bao establishment now. This place is perfect for an after-the-gym treat. Chicken, roast duck, pork belly, and never before sampled tofu and shrooms was ordered. The tofu and mushroom bao was suggested by the Chef.  Adding the tofu and mushroom bao to my favorites. The combination of the different mushrooms and tofu made a lasting impression with my palette. Thank you for the suggestion.Solid food.  Will keep up the support.
5	This place is delicious.  I stopped by after the gym and ordered Sesame Noodles with Tofu and the Tofu & Mushroom Bao....Delish!
5	Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for another great find in Vegas! I didn't get lost looking for Great Bao which is a pop up, literal hole in the wall in a beauty salon. That is so cool!Friendly staff and chef. I ordered the 3 trio plus drink. I stuck with 2 pork bellies and a duck. Mmm mmmm. Made to order and all good. Now a must stop for me as soon as I land in fabulous Vegas!
5	After all the buffets and overpriced mediocre food, the wife and I were ready for something different and genuine.  Options off the strip included Great Bao located in a beauty salon.We had the Pork, Chicken, Hawaiian (spam) bao, and sesame chicken noodles  Unfortunately the duck bao was sold out (tip: go early!). The baos were very delicious with layers of savory and hints of sweetness.  Each bao was meticulous assembled and wrapped for perfect hand-held eating.This is now a must-eat whenever we go to Vegas in the future.
5	Read about this place on Yelp Monday and dropped by the next day to try it out! The baos were delicious, tender in the dough and crispy in the skin (for those of you who avoid the skins for health reasons, they only put one piece of it on there to give the bao some crunchiness). More meat was in the chicken than the duck, but both were fantastic and well worth the wait! The seasoning isn't overpowering and all the ingredients complement each other (I especially enjoyed the cilantro). As I found out first hand in person as well as on Yelp, you are discouraged from taking your food to go unless you live close by to the establishment. At first I asked to take it to go because it seemed like there was no where to sit, but Jenny talked me into sitting at the bar. I wasn't in a hurry to go anywhere and I figured, why not. The food is less likely to get soggy and it won't be necessary to reheat it.I highly recommend ordering the combao- trust me you won't regret it! Because if you order just one, you'll be like me and wish you had ordered it upfront.
4	OMG! This place is pretty darn adorable. It is a tiny little store front in the middle of a beauty salon. Who would have thought such tasty little baos would come out of place like this. What a great deal 3 baos and an italian soda for $10!! We ordered the pork belly, pulled pork and roasted duck. My favorite was the duck I devoured it, literally. The special of the day was the pulled pork bao which I highly recommend as well. We also ordered the sesame noodles however, they were a little bland they could have used a little more garlic or sesame something to give it a little more kick. The best part is the little extra term of endearment they add to your soda.. he he!! (Lovely Lauren, that's me.)  ;) A must try when in Vegas.
4	I had bought almost all flavor on the Great Bao.  Pull Back pork, Pork Belly, Roast Duck.  It was delicious, but the portion is too small in my opinion.  Its awesome they offer you free chip when you check in.  I didn't provide the fifth star because the food handler was not wearing glove while he was preparing the food, that's something they should consider doing.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I admit I was a little skeptical when I walked into the salon and their was not really a dining area but hey, that's what you can call a hole in the wall.  We ordered some pork belly, pulled pork and chicken.  It was delicious.  The bun was fluffy and soft not like some places where their buns are dry and gives you cotton mouth after you eat it. The pork belly was amazing.  I thought I wouldn't like the fattiness of it but when you eat it all together, it was perfection.  I love the chopped peanuts in it because it gave it texture.  The chicken was delicious.  The chicken was moist and the skin was crispy.  The pulled pork was good as well. So glad I found this place on yelp because I would have been stuck eating food in the casino that was very salty.  I don't know why most of the restaurants you eat at in the casino, they were all salty especially at the buffets.
4	I have to admit that the cafe being in a hair salon type of establishment is a bit odd, but my boyfriend and I both agreed it made the first time experience more interesting and fun! I can't remember either people's names, but both the chef and his female helper were both friendly and informative. The chicken, island, pulled pork and pork belly bao were all tasty. My favorite being chicken and my boyfriend's I have no clue since I was too busy stuffing my face and laughing at how cute one of the salon worker's daughter was. All in all, it's a great little place and I recommend it to anyone who is in the mood for bao or willing to try something new.
5	Just have to echo the general sentiment on this restaurant, which is exceptional.  All that I will add is the husband-wife team are the owners/operators who put their passion for creating delicious food into their small restaurant.  The baos are all made ready to order, so exercise some patience.  Good news is that the restaurant will be moving to a larger location as some point once Jenny finds her ideal location.  Maybe get your hair and nails done prior or after an exceptional meal at this unique location....btw - ask about their restaurant logo for some mindless triva.
1	Well, I don't know when do you people go to this place (off peak hours for lunch & dinner?), they did not open on Thursday June 28 (5pm - reason - sold out) & Friday June 29 (12:15pm). As far as I know, they listed their hours from 11am to 7pm.  Coming from out of town to try this stupid place is a joke. First  is to find this place inside this salon off the Vegas Strip, if you don't have a car, forget it because most likely by the time you get there, it won't be open. Disappointed but still hopeful that maybe next day I'll have better luck.We were there around 11:30am, not open, what a surprise. Went on to Yelp & realize they change their hours for today from 11 to noon.I don't know what kind of business does that? Changing hours the last minutes, as if they just woke up & oh, SH*T, it's already 11:10am, let's just post our hours today from 12 to 7 instead. If I live in LV, I'll go back to give the owner of this place a piece of my mind in person but since I'm not, it's better for me to just warn you people coming from out of town, try some where else, save your time & money.I don't care how great his "bao" is, they've lost me on punctuality.This is how you generate bad press, BTW.
5	Tried roasted duck, pulled pork, and egg + spam bao. Fresh and delicious. Would definitely go again when we're back in the area.
5	Love! We tried everything but the tofu.. but I definitely want to try it the next time around.  Me and the husband went for dinner last night and it was perfect.  Not to heavy... just the right amnt of food.  I loved it.  If I could have great Bao everyday for lunch, I would do it.  I swear it!Our order:  We did the YELP special!!! 10.00 for 3 bao and a drink.  We had 1 of each just to get the pallet going and be able to try everything.  1. Pork Belly2. Roast Duck -- FAVORITE3. ChickenEach Bao was a different flavor w/ different accents.  My favorite...  roast duck with cucumber, scallion, hoisin sauce .  They leave a little of the skin for crunch... and the texture and flavor was perfect.  pork belly... the fat just melted in your mouth!  WOW.  This is something I would want to get once in awhile because.. well, it's pork belly.   It's a guilt trip for sure.  The pickled mustard greens and crushed peanuts gave it that extra umph... but the pork belly was definitely the star of the show.   Chicken-  Was good chicken... hahahaa.  I'd love to say something great about the chicken... but I am in love with the Roast Duck.    I should have eaten it first just to give it a chance, but I had the Pork Belly first., then the Roast Duck and I was just...... wanting pork belly and roast duck!  Sorry chicken!To top it off... as soon as we were coming to the end of our bao journey.... I decided I NEEDED the sesame noodles.  I'm glad that I did because it was so flavorful!   Cucumber, carrot, sesame vinaigrette with tofu OR with chicken.  1.00 more if you want both!  I forgot about our drinks!  I can't say much about the husbands tropical smoothie... but the pb&honey?!?!?!? It was delicious.  Each smoothie including at least 1-2 servings of fruit.  3.00 more with the yelp special which isn't bad at all.We left Great Bao with a "GREAT" Bao order... TO GO!  :P  I love Great Bao.. and it's close by.. and I loved meeting Jenny and Chef Sheridan... they were inviting, very kind, and definitely helpful in letting us know exactly what we were ordering.
4	Brilliant idea!I am a huge fan of duck and pork belly and combine that with baos... equals amazing! Yes, it is located in an awkward location (nail salon) but whatever. For 3 baos and a drink of your choice its only 10 bucks. I got two pork belly's and a duck. The make everything right to order so it does take quite awhile... our group waited for about 30 minutes or so.... then again it was two people taking orders and making the food all together. I have to say i liked the duck more but the pork belly was really good as well. It was very flavorful and they aren't stingy with the meat. Wish we had a place like this in OC. So for something different I suggest driving here and off the strip and trying this out! Be prepared to wait though.
5	There are 101 reasons why I love Great Bao, and I'll share 10 reasons first: Tastes delicious, quality ingredients used, patient chef, creative dishes, clean, amazing value (if that is even the right word to use - I'm trying to say tastes far more expensive than what it actually costs), attentive service, interesting smoothie combos, fresh greens in salad, and finally, delicious (oh, did I mention that already?).Pork belly and duck baos are a must. I wish they deliver around the world. I heard that they are moving to a food truck, which means what? They just might be in around the corner!Looking forward to coming back for more, and also to watch the business grow! Well done!!
5	NOM NOM NOM. Is that enough? Made from scratch, cooked to order. Soft bao buns. I think the tofu bao is my absolute favorite and the pork belly is my very close second! It's a good deal too - one drink and three bao for just $10!
4	Great Bao was closing their brick & motor location; which up til now I wasn't too keen on going due to its odd location inside a Salon...(I mean, how does that actually work? Food and Hair products just sound so wrong).But seeing that they were closing (due to lease issues)  it was our last chance to support them. (they still have their food truck where you can have their most heavenly Baos).  We thought it would be cool as ice to take a stroll over to their soon-to-be defunct operation inside the 'house of hair'...We were at a loss for words....wow.... It's really inside a Hair/Nails Salon and Massage Parlor, and not just by the entrance, it's waaaay inside, past the front desk and the cutting stations.  You can see a small opening with a menu board and paper lanterns like a guiding beacon...oh and yeah, a THRONG of people lined up in an otherwise empty space (thank god, cuz I don't think I could handle hot blow-dried hair and products with my food).  It's really awkward as you're walkin towards it, and the lady at the front desk tries to wrangle you in to get a cut n' blow....And the Salon is HUGE, it basically has two wings: the right wing for Nails, the left wing for Hair and Massage down the hall past Great Bao counter....It was just so confounding as to how this arrangement came to be...And why the hell did the Salon decide to kick Great Bao out.....they're the only ones bringing any customers in.  It was a multiplying topic of conversation for us as we ordered through a claustrophobic counter window and then waiting for our food to come out.....Realizing just how makeshift this operation was, it was a fun experience, there were folding chairs and tables by an aisle where we sat, which was close to the Order counter, so we were stuck in a bottleneck of customers waiting and ordering in this confined space, while the rest of the barn stood completely bar of breathing entities.....  Anyways onto the food!!It's really about the Bao, a taiwanese snack with a white spongy bread that's usually sandwiched with a multitude of various meats. But we started with an order of Sesame Noodles: cold Lo Mein noodles with Sesame Sauce, Chicken, Cucumbers, Carrots and Scallions.  it was alright, maybe not our favorite; the sauce was very light, almost runny and the toppings didn't seem to be marinated or mixed in with the Lo Mein and Sesame.But whatever, now onto the piece de resistance!!!  We had the triple order of Bao:  Pork Belly with Pickled Mustard Greens and Peanuts, Roasted Duck with Cucumbers, Scallions and Hoisin Sauce and the Chicken with Onions, Lime and Cilantro. I love their presentation, the Baos are aligned neatly on a wooden paddle board wrapped in wax paper for easy pick up and handling!Their Pork Belly Bao is so delicious!  Thick, fatty Pork Belly that's braised with a thick Soy glaze, it works phenomenally well with the Bao Bun and the Mustard Greens with Peanuts heightened the flavor profile to create a mouthful of savoriness!  This is their home run dish, I could eat about ten of these in one sitting.  But alas, too much of one thing wouldn't allow us to sample their entire menu, so we regulated ourselves to just one...The next was the Roasted Duck, another favorite and close second, it's as close to a Peking Duck as you can get: with a crispy skin and juicy Duck meat, you get the feel of the authentic Chinese classic with the Cucumber and Scallion balancing out the fatty protein.  And in my book, Hoisin works on everything!The last one, the Chicken with Onions, Lime and Cilantro was unfortunately, just ok.  We've had the Chicken Tsukune (Japanese Chicken Ball) before, which was incredible, this one was just the breast of the Chicken which was plain.  The condiments helped, but it was just didn't overwhelm us like the the other two did.  Which is alright, you can't always have all three be spectacular.Overall, we're glad that we were able to support Great Bao on their last day in their shop, and will always seek out their Foodtruck, they consistently deliver great, amazing Baos and We love the Chef, Sheridan Su and Jenny and with them luck at their next location..without the surly Salon!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:          4Ambience   2   (I just can't get over that it's in a Hair Salon!)Service:      3.5
5	The great bao makes great baos. My favorite bao is the pork belly. Duck bao is also a good choice. Hopefully they find a new location soon, wasn't really feeling the location they had before as it was in a salon kind of weird. The two that run it are super friendly. Both explain what are in it.
2	Attended the First Food Truck Smackdown held at the  grand opening of Fairway Chevrolet. Great Bao was one of the competitors. The staff at the truck were friendly. The Pork Belly Bao we got to sample had good flavor, loved the soft bun and crushed peanuts on the pork was a pleasant surprise, but the pork was half fat, and the fat was slimy, white and cold, we all pulled the fat off and ate it without. I've had pork belly before and it was nothing like that. They ended up losing the Smackdown, I wasn't surprised.
5	So delicious, I'm so sad it's closed :(
3	The food is delicious and the chef is a really nice guy......... BUT  Don't actually count on these guys to be there. 3rd time I checked their blog to make sure they were open and they just weren't there. So if you're on lunch don't waste your time driving there and hoping they will be open.
5	Have eaten here several times and have to say that it's been great every time.  My favorite bao is the duck, but I do like getting all three meat baos (chicken, duck, pork belly) for the variety.  Jenny is always very nice and helpful with the menu which is especially great for first timers.  It's true that sometimes they aren't there at opening time, but when that happens, they're usually only a few minutes late.
5	Another Great lunch at Great Bao!  Each bao is made so perfectly with just the right amount of meat and accoutrements so that each bite is deliciously balanced!
4	great food. you got to try
4	If this is a new trend of having tasty steamed buns ("bao" if you read it in Cantonese) following a foot race I'm loving it!  I had the pleasure of ordering and eating from this food truck (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/great-bao-las-vegas?select=IYXd86zCnkTdXHihCywYNg#RRkCwVYiUUhxC2gY4bScQA) back in December after participating in the Las Vegas Great Santa Run as it and another dozen or so food trucks were all lined up in the race assembly area ready to feed the nearly 10,000 Santas who turned out for the event.The Great Bao truck was easily one of the more popular trucks with a steady line of people ordering food and another group waiting for their orders.  I waited too, but it was until the crowds diminished before I put in my order.  The menu was pretty simple (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/great-bao-las-vegas?select=IYXd86zCnkTdXHihCywYNg#nLQH80BQIF9oW2S7iGVl1g).  They basically had four types of steamed buns, bagged chips and refreshments.  The buns were pretty inexpensive at $3.50 each or 3 for $10.  The 3 bao combo also included a drink and a bag of chips!I'm not sure what I was thinking when I placed an order for 2 buns instead of 3.  I didn't realize my mental breakdown until I had paid for my order.  Maybe it was the temporary meltdown of having run hard for a short distance race or maybe I was just wacky from seeing all that red from the people in Santa suits at every direction I turned.  Anyway, I ordered 1 Roast Duck bao and 1 Pork Belly bao and nothing else since I had collected an armful of race refreshments from other event sponsors.By this time the staff had their routine down to perfection, and my made to order steamed buns (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/great-bao-las-vegas?select=IYXd86zCnkTdXHihCywYNg#Sd1ztJyGREFdt-vAbJi7ng) were ready lickety-split.The Roast Duck bao was delicious.  The plum sauce was just sweet enough as to not overpower the taste of the roast duck, and I loved that they included a piece of green onion which reminded me of the Peking Duck and steamed clamshell buns we enjoy at Chinese banquets.  The piece of duck I had, however, was a bit dry and slightly burned as you can probably notice in the photo that I've posted.I lucked out on the Pork Belly bao as they gave me a huge piece of pork belly with very little fat on it.  Even though there was a sauce, a smidgeon of what looked like minced pickled veggies and a sprig or two of fresh cilantro all I could really taste was the delicious pork belly and the subtle sweetness of the steamed bun.This was my first experience with any Las Vegas food truck and I liked it ... a lot!
4	Simple, delicious, inexpensive, freshly prepared food. Can't get better than that.
4	It seems that the Great Bao has relocated to the Fat Choy restaurant in the Eureka Casino. This is at least what the waitress had told me in the restaurant.  I enjoyed the bao and the Fluffy ice at Fat Choy. But their service seems to be disorganized. The two waitresses/hosts/bus boys/cashiers were running around trying to do everything at once. I hope Fat Choy seeks out Robert Irvine and his Restaurant Impossible team to get them organized. I do not think Fat Choy is losing money based on the crowd of people on Sunday but I am sure they can make more.
4	Not a fancy place but good stuff.
5	This is by far one of best bao places that I have ever been too in my life. I still think about eating the pork belly bao when i'm back in LA. I really wish that they had something like this in my area. This joint is definitely one of the hidden gems in Las Vegas. When you take the first bite of the pork belly you'll first taste the crispiness of skin and when you get to the center, the belly just slowly melts in your mouth. The pork belly is cooked perfectly, not overly cooked or too crispy. It doesn't taste fattening like other places where they would keep a big chunk of fat to just get rid of it. This place is different, it really doesn't have that fatty taste to it. And the chef makes sure to utilize that part of the belly so that it brings out all the favors of the dish. It is so good. I still miss it. I tried the duck, belly, and the asian noodles, ice coffee and the tea. The asian sesame noodles was so good too. It has this tropical kick to it. Mmm.... The noodles tasted so fresh and the sauce I really don't know how they made it, but it was good. I highly recommend this place it. If you are tired of eating out at buffets, definitely checkout this place out. I've been to about 5 buffets here and yet I can say, this place left a lasting impression.  Everything that I ate and drank here was really top of the notch. Now that I'm back in LA I wish ate more of it.RECOMMENDATIONS: 1. Pork Belly Bao: ENGROSSED* (5+/5)
