3	When we dined at the Chandler location, we had an utterly excellent experience, and we stoked to hear that they would soon be opening a location at the new Park West center in Peoria. We checked it out soon after it opened, and of course, it's a clone of their other location. Though the service wasn't quite as stellar, it was still very nice. Being unemployed, and dining on someone else's ticket, I went cheap this time and got the cheapest entree on the menu -- the beef Flemington. It's basically a beef wellie.Unfortunately, it arrived woefully overcooked. Our server graciously offered to have a new one made for me. The second one was also overdone, just not as badly. I was hungry, so I didn't say anything. Nonetheless, they took it off of our bill. However, everything else was perfect. I will chalk up those couple of things as an off-day, or perhaps they hadn't quite ironed out the wrinkles yet. I'll need to check back after they've been open for a year or so.
5	My friend invited me to his company dinner and I was very excited to eat here. We were seated in the private room and had a couple of drinks and snacked on the complimentary bread before we placed our order. The bread was good and they served it with butter and an herb spread. We started out with calamari and oysters. The calamari was a little too rubbery for my liking and the sauce they served it with was just okay it tasted like sweet and sour. I don't eat oysters but my friend said they were fresh. For my main course I ordered halibut with shiitake mushrooms with creamed spinach. I wanted to order the chipotle macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes but I didn't want to get too carried away. Luckily the couple next to us ordered those sides and shared it with me. The macaroni was to die for and the potatoes were really good they topped it off with a parmesan peppercorn butter. The service was great and the food was excellent its worth the price even though I didn't have to pay!
5	Best steak I ever had. And great service. Oh and I grew up in Montana so I know my steak!
5	Great food, great service!
3	My husband and I checked out Flemings for happy hour on Friday night before going to see "Book of Eli". It was pretty busy that evening (the line was out the door when we left at 7:30), but our service at the bar was fine and we didn't have to wait long for our drinks or food. The only negative about how busy Flemings was the evening was that people were seat hawking around the bar, which is a tad annoying.The happy hour deal at Flemings is "5 for $6 until 7". You can pick from five martinis, 5 wines by the glass, and 5 appetizers. The food is really where you are getting the deal. For drinks, there are a hundred happy hours in the Valley with better drink deals. My husband's Fat Tire beer was also $6 which is a ripoff since he gets it cheaper at other bars that we have been to. I did try two of the martinis on the happy hour list - the Margatini and Tropical Breeze. I'll admit that I like the "girly" martinis over classic ones, so both of the ones I had at Flemings were right up my alley and I really enjoyed them. We ordered three of the appetizers from the happy hour list - the calamari, crab cakes, and shrimp. The calamari was decent, but it actually needed salt because it was pretty bland. Also, it needed more of the sweet chili sauce as there was practically none on any of the pieces. I didn't try the shrimp, but my husband said they were fine. Nothing to write home about, but not bad. The crab cakes were definitely the highlight of the evening - by far the best crab cakes I have had in the Valley. They were practically perfection. 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding down to three because the happy hour deal is good for food (not so much for drinks) and nothing I tried aside from the crab cakes makes me want to have a full dinner at Flemings.
5	Great wines by the glass and the new management has made this the stop on the west side.  Excellent happy hour and great staff.
4	After my first visit on Valentine's day, I'm underwhelmed.My wife has been to Flemming's so many times that she has literally ordered everything on the menu. It's one of her favorite restaurants, in no small part because steak is one of her favorite things.After my last Valentine's day experience at Bella Luna, I have lowered my expectations for Valentine's day service. But why can't we just go to the Four Seasons every year? I digress.So we made our reservation three or four weeks in advance and arrived a few minutes early. It took 10 - 15 minutes to be seated, which gave us time to walk around outside and take some self portraits in our dressy clothes.They seated us in an awkward two-person table that is nestled in the corner of one of their half-walls.Okay, time-out. If your restaurant has fewer than 5% of your tables in the tiny, two-person variety, then you shouldn't have them at all. Stop screwing us over! The table wasn't even large enough to lay a single closed menu on. Look, if you're one of those tiny French restaurants with only fuck-you tables, then fine. I'll chalk it up to French peculiarities. But when we are the only couple at a restaurant in a two person table, well, I start dropping stars and f-bombs.Okay, so our server was pleasant, but the food and service came slow. At the end of the meal he gave us his business card and asked us to visit again. We also received a a $25 gift card for eating over V-day weekend, and received a thank-you e-mail the next day that I found to be a pleasant surprise.The food was good, although I wish they had the V-day blue-cheese crusted fillet Mignon all the time, and not just on one day a year. Bread was nice, wine selection was good. No beer on tap, but I understand it's a steakhouse. Not much else to say, other than looking forward to using the $25 gift card on our next visit.
5	Amazing wine and food ! This restraunt is always packed but well worth the wait.
5	MMMMMM.... The food is great! My husband and I love this place. The food is great and so is the service. We have eaten in the dinning room and in the bar both places are wonderful! It is more informal in the bar but still very nice. They have a fantastic selection of wine. We like to go to their happy hour. They have great deals on appetizers and drinks. Their burgers are to die for! All kinds of burgers besides ground beef...they have portabella mushroom, crab cake and a prime rib burger! The rolls just melt in your mouth. The regular menu has a wonderful selection. The steaks are beyond good, and they always have a nice selection of seafood. The side dishes are awesome. We have tried almost all the sides and keep finding new favorites! You have to try the Flemming's potatoes, and the mushrooms, yummy! I got the Sea bass the last time I went and the waiter said it was swimming off the coast of California the day before! It was very good! My husband got the cajun spiced ribeye which was excellent as usual. There is a good prix fix menu too, that changes with the seasons. Definitely save room for the dessert. They have a great Chocolate lava cake that they serve with ice cream. I take some of my dinner home (they box it up so nice) so I can still eat dessert. A great place for a nice dinner or a special occasion. Go on line and make a reservation and sometimes you can get a deal.
4	This was my second trip to Flemings.  My first time was for a luncheon and it convinced me to take my husband and some friends for dinner.  The ambiance is warm and inviting, the wine list extensive.  Our server, Kurtis, was a self described 'wine geek' and made great recommendations.   Since Flemings is a steak house, 2 of us played it safe and had the fillet mignon.  Melt in your mouth delish.  My husband had the 'surf and turf' Flemings style, which consisted of the fillet covered with lobster in butter & white wine sauce.   My friend Lauren opted for the ahi tuna.  She loved it.  The creamed spinach is so good, I contemplated ordering it for my meal.   Although full, we all managed to force down the chocolate mousse with hazelnut bark for dessert.  And what a dessert.....creamy, rich, decadent.   Actually, next time I will do the mousse first, then if I have room I will look at the entrees.....or maybe another order of the mousse.
5	Was looking for a nice dinner place in Peoria to send my mom and step-dad for a birthday celebration.  The people at Flemings were wonderful.  They took my request over the phone and made sure they had a lovely evening.  Mom raved about the service and the photos she sent made the food look fantastic!
4	We took our good friend Patti to Flemings for her birthday dinner.  We were seated immediately (love that!) and Patti was offered champagne on the house for her birthday.  She declined as she doesn't drink, but what a great policy! Makes me want to go there for my birthday.  I do drink so I ordered a cosmo and it was eh.  We all went for the filet mignon's with a side of creamed spinach.  Absolutely delish.  I was disappointed that the mousse I was so looking forward to wasn't on the menu, but made do with the molten chocolate lava cake which was only so-so.  Patti had the fresh berries with chantilly cream and loved it.  Flemings compted the dessert for the birthday girl.  The service was superb.  All in all a wonderful evening.
5	Highly recommend for perfectly savory meal..your taste buds will thank you!!!We ordered the split chicken ( can easily share), asparagus, baked potato,salad, and the bread with outstanding brie butter. Everything was superb!! It is a bit pricey but well worth it!!
5	My wife and I delayed our birthday dinner (ours are just a couple weeks apart) and finally went last night.  It's been a while since we've been to Fleming's so we were both looking forward to it.We had reservations and were seated promptly.  LeAnn was our server and she was awesome.  She recommended the Eponymous Cab.  It was pricey at $20 per glass.  But worth it.  Nice, well balanced cab.We started off with the toasted mushroom ravioli.  Delicious.  Filled with tender mushrooms with a butter porcini sauce.  How to get all the sauce?  How about that mini loaf of sourdough they bring you!  We both ordered filet.  My wife ordered the porcini crusted filet and I had the main filet.  Both medium.  We ordered the garlic mash and roasted baby carrots.The steaks- cooked perfectly.  The manager came over a couple minutes after we cut them to make sure they were to our satisfaction.  They were.  I had a side of peppercorn sauce with mine as well.  Fantastic.The sides- the mash was nothing special.  But those carrots?  WOW!  Don't think of grocery store carrots when you think baby carrots.  Not even close.  The carrots were roasted with golden raisins and slivered almonds.  Those could have been the best part of the meal if I wasn't such a steak lover!  LeAnn gave us a complimentary box of chocolate truffles as well.The food was fantastic but the service was above and beyond.  We will definitely be back!
5	We don't often splurge on a $100 per person meal but for this birthday celebration, I'm glad we did!  We went with another couple and Flemings was amazing.  The wine was great, service perfect and the filets were exactly as we ordered them.  Had the chipotle mac & cheese as a side and it was something Bobby Flay would be proud of, just the right amount of spice in a great comfort dish.  Had the homemade ice cream for dessert and it was fantastic.  They generously gave the birthday girls a box of truffles and a card signed by the staff-very classy touch.  We'll be back!
4	AWESOME FOOD! The mushroom ravioli was great! Had 2 servings!!!
5	AMAZING steaks. Aged and cooked perfectly. It's not too often we can splurge on meals like this, but we were so glad we did. Our anniversary is coming up in April and we will be going to Fleming's for sure. My husband loves their bleu cheese steak and the filet is fantastic. It's so hard to decide on side dishes, but you can't go wrong with any of them. I was also very impressed with their service and the ambiance is perfect for a romantic meal.
2	Oops. This review is pretty late. I came here with my family for New Year's Eve! I was excited to try a steakhouse in the West Valley, in hopes of having a steak option close to home. Unfortunately, I don't feel like I'll be going back. The filets my family had were dry, tough and salty. It probably didn't help that we had dined at Mastro's for Christmas Eve (amazing!) so I think our expectations may have been on the high side. My dad ordered the lobster tail, which was small and also dry and tough. The cheese in the French Onion Soup was not fully melted, and there was A LOT of cheese. For dessert we got Creme Brulee. It was the highlight of the meal for me since I have a huge sweet tooth, but not enough for me to want to go back to Fleming's any time soon. I will say, that though the food was subpar, the service was great. **If you do decide to go here, check out Costco for discounted $100 gift certificates!
5	The management team and owner of Fleming's are very professional and excellent to work with.  The way they conduct business is exactly how they run their restaurant - Nothing short from PERFECT!  I've been very impressed!  I highly recommended this restaurant.
4	While looking for a gift for our tax accountant, we came across a recommendation to try this place out.  After parousing their website, it turns out they were doing a special Easter Sunday Brunch.  We decided to book and check the place out. My friend Stan Reinhold, a world renowned chef here in AZ, let me know this was a great place to go so I was happy to have the reservations as soon as we made them for such a popular holiday.Our reservations were for 12 noon, just 30 minutes after they started service for brunch. It ran through 3pm and there was not a free table to be had.  As soon as one was vacated, it was dressed and refilled before you knew it.  Its very dark and intimate, probably a great place for an anniversary or private moment with friends or loved ones. All dressed in black, as were his counterparts, was Kevin, our waiter.  A pony-tailed boy off about 25 who appeared eager to take care of us. We started with a glass of the house Chardonnay and a Mimosa, which was one of their brunch special cocktail. The full Sunday Dinner Menu was also available for those not looking for the brunch fare but we came for that so giving the regular menu its due, we opted to do brunch as planned.This was NOT a buffet as are most high end establishments and their brunch offerings.  It was a set menu, with several choices.  We both had the same palate so our selections were identical.  Starting course was a fresh berry plate with a Sour Cream-Vanilla-Honey sauce that was very nice.  Beautiful fresh fruits and plenty of them.  Round two was a Crab Frittata made with Swiss Cheese, Mushrooms and Asparagus.  It was also served with a crispy Hash Brown, 2 sausage links and a Roasted Tomato half.  Interesting presentation, a good portion and quite tasty.  Dessert offerings were three....New York Cheese Cake, Creme Brulee' and something else that was unmemorable.  We opted for the Cheese Cake and its additional side of sweetened cream along with a piping hot coffee. All in all, we were there for the better part of an hour and a half.  The service was paced so that nothing came out until it was supposed to, which was nice.  There was a moment or two where it seemed to have gotten so busy we were left unattended to and our waters were in need of refilling for a bit too long.  (Kevin, you were nice, but your stock is plummeting)  Also, the tag-line Kevin used repeatedly when checking on us was getting old...."How's that working for you?"  Time to come up with something new.  I hate to think my dinner is "working" in any capacity.  So, the bottom line is this.  Go on payday as there is nothing inexpensive about this place.  Morton's or Ruth's Chris it's not but certainly trying to get there. Plan on spending some time and don't think you will just zip in a zip out, its not that kind of place.  The food was delicious and you should expect nothing less. Would I go again?  Absolutely!  Would I recommend it to a friend?  Without a second thought.
2	The food was good but, for the price, there are a lot better steak houses.  For this price point, I would suggest Donovan's or Mastro's.
3	My wife had been given a gift card for Flemings. It was our anniversary so we decided it was time to use the card. I knew they were basically a steak house but did not look them up on line to see what they had to offer. All the main dishes are meat. If you want something with your meat you order it separately. This will escalate the cost of the meal by more that $16.00 to $20.00 per person. I have struggled on how to rate them. The food was excellent. The service was excellent. Cost was... Lets just say very expensive for what you got. We got an appetizer, salad, bowel of soup, ice tea, coffee, split a dessert. Ordered coffee for my wife and expresso for myself with the dessert. The coffee and expresso was delivered 10 min before the dessert. These should of been delivered at same time. If you drink expresso you know it has to be drank on serving. Taste changes as it sets and it needs to be consumed when hot. Cost $100.00 + the tip. If we had gotten a meat dish and a glass of wine the cost would of been $80.00 per person. I don't have any problem paying over $100.00 per person if the food, service, ambiance warrant the cost.I rated them 3 stars. The food, was good. It just wasn't good enough to warrant 4 or 5 stars. The server John deserves a 5. He was excellent. Very attentive and helpful. It  was a pleasure having him and his staff of 3 different people that made sure we were taken care of. Would I go back?? No. There are many good steak houses that serve as good food for much less cost.
4	The first time we ate here it was unmemorable.  We thought we would never be back.  I try not to rate any place by a one time visit so we decided to give Flemings another try. We have been here a couple times now.We both had filet cooked medium and it was great.  I dont remember what we had for appetizers or the sides...once again unmemorable.  The Molten Lava cake was awsome and definitely memorable.I really wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.  It was good, but just keep forgetting what I had.  Whenever I eat at Mastro's or Ruth Chris I seem to never have that problem.
5	I really enjoy Flemings.  From the bar area to the dining room, this place is great.  We started with drinks - I enjoyed a couple Ten and Tonics.  The service in the bar was prompt and courteous.For appetizers, we ordered the Flemings Potatoes (starch, cheese, jalapenos) - what could be better?  We also tried some green bean and asparagus.  These didn't survive the trip around the table.  I skipped the salad and concentrated on my fillet and baked potato.Other than one of the servers spilling my client's steak on the floor, the service was great.  I'll still give them five stars.  No sweat.  He was very apologetic and they turned around another steak very quickly.Their creme brulee is awesome!!If Fleming is on your list to try, don't wait.  Great food and atmosphere.
5	We took our dad for Father's day. We had a great dinner. The steak were delicious, juicy, cook correctly. My dad had the prime rib specials which he loved by the way. Our server was friendly, clean and they work in team he had his very own helper which was great . My sister steak was just a little under cook for her, they took it and corrected it right away. After the end of dinner the manager came to our tables to see how was everything then gave dad a gift certificate for $25 a gift for dad. What a great idea. Great touch Fleming . We will be back .
3	I'm going to review first, then decide on stars.First, the service by Gina was 5 star!Wine List was 3.5 star but pricing was way too high - give it 3 stars.Petite filet mignon, medium rare was 5 star!!Creamed spinach was 3 star, as was the loaded baked potato - neither had much flavor.  But the caesar salad was worth 4.5.OK - overall, I'll say 3.5 star.  Since I can't do that, a 3, because the total experience just wasn't a 4I've not tried Ruth's Chris in Scottsdale, but my experience with Ruth's in other cities has been better than this
4	Good location within the somewhat upper scale Park West complex. The exterior of Flemings is nice although not all that impressive but the interior is very nicely done with deep warm colors that contrast with the white table settings. Everything ordered was excellent. The BBQ shrimp appetizer was tasty prepared with top quality shrimp. The NY strip was easily one of the best steaks I have had the pleasure of eating. The mushrooms and garlic mash were excellent companions as well. We closed with creme brulee with Chantilly whip and a glass of desert wine. The total was just under $200 including tip, my wife's filet and two cocktails. The service was also excellent. All considered I was happy with what I received for the money. I will be back.
5	I can't believe I lived right down the street from this restaurant and never tried it. I feel like a complete fool. The main dining area is an open spaced area with appropriate dim dinner lighting. Even sitting at a table, I still had the feel of privacy because of the lighting. The people I encountered were extremely friendly and (easily seen) truly proud of their restaurant. LeAnn, my waitress, was extraordinary.....more on that later They brought out bread with two types of spread. It was delicious but, since I was dining alone, stopped after sampling each type of spread. Both were delicious. I started with a gin martini (as usual) and the lump crab cakes. What a treat - mostly crab and light on the fillers....perfect for a light appetizer. After I was finished the manager, Mike, came out to great me and check on the service so far. Very pleasant and happy to welcome people to the restaurant. I ordered the bone-in ribeye over the fillet (which I definitely need to try) at the recommendation of the waitress. I paired it with the Kenwood Cab. It was everything promised. My concern was that the steak would be over cooked. Usually, when I order steak out, I need to specify "on the rare side of medium rare" to make sure it is correct. I really shouldn't have worried. What you order is how it is prepared. It was juicy and tender as promised. I finished with the carrot cake and a cordial. I must note that all the deserts are made in house and not frozen. Again, the dessert was perfect. Before the dessert came out, I was greeted by Scott, the Operating Partner. He was clearly proud of this location and the chef. He was just checking on the service and ensure I had a good evening. SUMMARY: All in all, and those who know me know that this is a VERY RARE SENTENCE for me to commit to writting....but.........I have absolutely nothing bad to say about my experience at the Peoria Fleming's. The waitress was attentive but not intrusive. The timing of the meal presentation was perfect with a steady flow of food and appropriate breaks in between. One of the problems I find most insulting at restaurants (feeling rushed or getting your next item before finishing the previous) is something no one should ever feel here. One recommendation for improvement (to make a 5+ rating in my book) would be to have the wait staff remark on the local chef's creations. The "specials not on the menu" are the local chef's creations......maybe say something to remark on the uniqueness of these items not on the menu......"our local chef has prepared a few items you wont find at other Fleming's" or something to that effect....I know, minor, but there is always room for improvement LOL.
4	A little pricey but the steaks are wonderful and the service top shelf. My filet was cooked perfect and the wine list is exceptional. This is my favorite place to eat steak in town but can only afford it on special occasions especially if I want a few sides which are priced extra.
5	I received a $50 gift Cert from my work as a Christmas gift and I couldn't wait to try this place as I have heard good reviews from friends. My Girlfriend and I had a reservation for 6 pm, and it arrived about 5 minutes late, got stuck behind a stupid train near Grand... Grrr. but they had the table ready for as soon as we got there.  The Server was Awesome the whole night, There was another person assisting the waiter as well with refills and bread, he was also awesome. The bread & butter are AWESOME, they serve the freshly baked bread with 2 butters, if I remember right I think he said it was tomato butter and a feta butter, they were both SO good, I couldn't choose a winner, they are both great for different reasons.We opted to get the Special they are running, the Sunday Prime Rib Dinner, it includes a Salad, Prime Rib with 1 side and a dessert, all for $29.99 a person. It was SUCH a good deal for this service level and quality of food. Normally just a steak at this place is $35-45 without anything else included. My GF doesn't like salad too much so we asked if we could pay more and get a soup, and he said actually the French onion soup can be swapped at no extra charge, Or you can get the special soup of the day Lobster Bisque for an extra $5 , my GF ordered the French Onion, and I got the lobster Bisque. Both soups were AWESOME, there was a LOT of lobster in this soup, they don't skimp out. It was a great creamy soup, and the French onion was enjoyed very much by my GF, it had a LOT of cheese  on it, which she loves, it's her favorite part of course.Within about 3 minutes of finishing the soup, the Prime Rib arrived, And we were both impressed with how big it was ! they don't hold back here ! it came with Au jus of course, and also a wonderful creamy horseradish sauce, and also a mustard horseradish sauce that was good, but I prefer the other one more.  We both ordered the Prime Rib to be cooked to Medium, and it was PERFECT medium. We both LOVED this Prime rib, it was fork, or even Spoon tender, really no need for a knife because the beef was so tender.  I ordered the Flemings Potatoes for my side, which are VERY thin sliced  potatoes layered with a cream sauce, cheese and jalapenos, but it's not spicy at all, just the flavor of the jalapenos, then it is topped with cheese and baked, it was AWESOME. My GF got the Garlic mashed potatoes, it was a bowl of Mashed Taters topped with a bunch of roasted garlic that you mix in, she loved them, I tried a bite and they were good also, just not as good as mine !  We both could not finish, I have probably at least half my Meat left, probably more than half and about 2/3 of the potatoes are left. It came with Dessert also, they told us it came with a White Chocolate bread pudding, and my GF doesn't like bread pudding usually so he said she could replace with any of the other desserts and there was no charge for this. She opted for the Chocolate Lava Cake, but he told is will take about 20 minutes for that dessert, he asked if that was okay and we said yes. it actually took less time than that, it wasn't a long wait at all. The Bread pudding was INSANELY good, it wasn't super mushy like normal bread pudding, this was caramelized on the bottom of the bread portion, it was basically little dice sized cubes of bread, in a dome shape placed on top of a puddle of delicious creamy vanilla and white chocolate sauce, they also brought the table a bowl of Chantilly vanilla whipped cream, you KNOW that was good.  This is bread pudding for people who dont normally like bread pudding. If you try a bite of this, and you DONT like it, there is something wrong with you ! My Lady enjoyed her Chocolate Lava cake, it was much larger than mine, it came with the cake, a big scoop of ice cream in an awesome little crisp type of sugar cookie, and also a little pot of chocolate sauce, she loved it and was very happy with it.  I tried hers as well, I also liked it but I liked mine a little bit better.   I don't drink Alcohol at all, and my Gf didn't feel like drinking so it was Mango Iced tea for both of us, and they never let it get empty.  Over all it was pretty much the perfect dining experience, I couldn't even say one thing that went bad or that we didn't enjoy. It was my first time, but clearly won't be my last ! and to make sure of that, on the receipt they gave us an offer, if we go to their website and tell them how the experience was, they will give us a $25 dining credit for our next reservation there. So we will be back FOR SURE ! and Hopefully SOON !  Next time the Bone in Rib eye is all mine !
5	This is deserving of a solid five stars!  The steaks were incredible, the side dishes such as Fleming's Potatoes and the Mac & Cheese were awesome. Service was spot on and exactly as I would expect from a fine steak house.  Worth a return visit on any day of the week!
5	Impeccable service, delicious food, and beautiful ambiance. What more could you ask for? What I enjoyed best was that we brought our kids and were still treated like royalty. My children are perfectly behaved and I've received compliments everywhere I go because my kids are so good you hardly know they are there. That doesn't keep some nicer restaurants from making you feel like lepers. In fact, the reason we went is to celebrate my 11 year old's Honor Roll achievement and from the waiter to even the manager, the staff made a point to come by and congratulate him on his hard work.The food was wonderful. Although my steak was a little short of medium, the Flemings potatoes always make up for that. And the chocolate lava cake at the end? OMG. But my favorite is the chantilly whipped cream. I could eat a bowl of that all by itself. So I'm looking forward to going back to this Flemings and I really do appreciate how kind they were to my son on his academic achievement. They didn't have to gush so much, but they were genuine and very sweet.
5	This is our favorite date night/BEST EVER Happy Hour/meeting place for friends who enjoy good food and drink!  Love Love Love the artwork. The bar staff make you feel like you are at Cheers.  Food is ALWAYS amazing.
5	My boyfriend & I went to Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar last night before the Phoenix Coyotes hockey game. We wanted to take advantage of the '5 for $6 'til 7' menu at the bar, as well as, the Spring Break Celebration dinner.I can honestly say that we had an absolutely amazing dinner and that we were so happy we chose to go here before the "big game." The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!The highlight of our night though was the Baked Oysters Rockefeller appetizer. We ordered a half dozen oysters that were cooked to perfection and had the right amount of spinach, bacon & cheese. (I think what made these oysters so great was the creamy spinach used- I think it is the same as the 'Creamy Spinach' side you can order off the menu.) Highly recommend!We, also, ordered the Spring Break Celebration which was a choice of The Wedge Salad or French Onion Soup. The entree was the FIlet Mignon & North Atlantic Lobster Tail. The side was a choice of either French Green Beans or Fleming's Mashed Potatoes. We got all this food for only $34.95. What a great deal!I chose The Wedge Salad which was a perfect starter to my meal. The lettuce was crisp and the tomatoes were fresh. The Filet Mignon was an impeccable 'Medium Rare' temperature and the North Atlantic Lobster Tail was generous. Also, I chose the French Green Beans as a side because I am trying to watch my carb intake. The beans were fresh and the mushrooms were a great compliment to the side dish.Also, as I stated above, we sat up at the bar and I am sure glad we did because Adam, our bartender, was very sweet and took care of us. I never had an empty glass of wine ;)Overall, my boyfriend & I typically do not like, for lack of a better word, "chain restaurants" but we believe that Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar in Peoria does it right! They have an outstanding FOH & BOH. Keep up the good work!!
5	Excellent dinner! Excellent service. Had the piccino filet cooked to perfection. Service was very friendly and professional. She knew how to strike up a conversation and make you feel good.  Little hint- don't eat too much of the great bread   -  you'll ruin your appetite!
5	Quality of food is top notch, service is always great.  Yes, it is a little spendy, but you get what you pay for.  If you want great food cooked perfectly this is your place.  Ambience is nice as well...
4	Great place to have a steak: but be ready to spend some cash here.  Want to save a little I know Costco carries the $100 gift card for 79.99!  Every bit helps when you are in the $30 range for 1 steak!  No sides just the meat.  I try and save cash by going here during lunch and enjoy the bar specials. A steak sandwich sometimes curves my steak craving.  I would rate this the full 5, but have been here a few times and not impressed with the service for the $$$$.
4	I am a huge Fleming's fan and I found myself a little let down at the West Gate Fleming's. The service is always perfect here. We had a larger group and I think they did an amazing job making sure we were all happy. The Food: We started with oysters as our appetizer and they weren't too far off from the best I have ever had. Ice cold and flavorful! Shoot away. I usually pass on salad or soup. I get salads elsewhere. This is my carnivorous place. I ordered the filet mignon med rare and it was cooked to perfection. I prefer a nicely peppered, salted steak cooked to perfection. I am not the soaking in butter steak guy. Go to Ruth Chris for that. We ordered the Fleming's potatoes and asparagus as our sides. The potatoes are a legendary staple and the asparagus is always slender and delicious. The Drink: Here is my one downfall. Almost as important as the steak are my Martinis. Usually you will get the best martinis at steak houses. They shake them a little longer and the bartender usually knows how to properly use vermouth. Well, my first martini was more like a half of a martini. It was also slightly chilled. My second was a full martini, but was so over vermouthed that I almost gagged. Slightly chilled as well. When you pay more for a steakhouse martini, you kind of expect more. I will always make Fleming's one of my steakhouse go to's. May just have to give a little more direction on the martinis.
3	The mushrooms with crab weren't that great. The filet was pretty good but the sides were kind of lame. And for the overpriced tab I'm sure we could do way better.Nothing special besides the tab. I've walked out with that kind of expense in way better places in AZ.
4	Had a private business lunch here yesterday. Was really delicious! Highly impressed with the fillet of Oscar. I had never tried that fish before but the waiter recommended it and he was spot on. Flemming's did it right!
5	The 11 oz. medium-well fillet was by far the best I have had, hands down.  The green beans were meh, but the garlic mashed potatoes were delicious.  A few Crown and Cokes and viola, $$$$, lol.  Expensive but worth it.  Will definitely be back.  Wonderful atmosphere, service, and most importantly, food.
3	Walked into this place after the place next door was packed and we were starving. Didn't know what Fleming was except that they had food. Well we were in for a surprise.  This place is a steak house and an expensive one, not the kind of place you just walk over too unless you don't care about spending 200 dollars on one meal. The steak was good. But everything is al carte meaning you have to order a steak and any sides separately. I usually don't like that and this place was not the exception. Maybe it was how we were introduced to this restaurant so I'll have to update when we actually plan to come here as part of a special occasion.
5	The ambiance in this place alone is so romantic and upscale. It's hard not to feel a little sexy when you go here. I've had a filet mignon, asparagus, potatoes, and cheesecake. The steak melts in your mouth the way only perfectly cut and cooked top of the line beef would. Asparagus was tender and flavorful and the potatoes where creamy and fluffy. The cheesecake was just that, cheesecake, nothing spectacular or memorable about it. All in all I love this place, it's the ideal place for celebrations or a special night out.
5	Went to Fleming's to celebrate our anniversary and was not disappointed!  Steaks to perfection, and wonderful staff.  The manager even gave us a $25 gift card as an anniversary present!
5	My god thats a good restaurant. Went there yesterday to celebrate my gf bday. We had the sunday spacial. Prime ryb, mash potatoes. Ceasur salad. And laba cake. Dishes are bog. Service is extra ordinare. And food taste divine. You can tell the chef is a stakes expert. Highly recomended!!!!!
5	I can't say enough about the food and service at Fleming's. The wife and I have been here at least 10x never had a bad meal. If you love filet than this is the place for you! Don't forget to tell them if your celebrating a special occasion. We just went for our birthdays and each of us received a box of truffles(amazing) and a $25 gift card for our next visit.
5	Cant complain about the prices if you like fine dining. This place is yummy so i expect to pay a good price for an amazing meal. If you dont like what they serve you tell them. they take great care of their customers. My husband and I went there for our Anniversary and they treated us like royalty. We did go to Costco and got the gift cards at a discounted price. Every bit helps. As we were leaving they took our picture then put it in a cute frame and gave us a Anniversary card and A box of truffles. Seriously who does that? Flemming's did. They have a customer for life with my family
4	I love this place-food is wonderful, however..........tonight my hubby&I sat in on a seminar by Stuart Spivak on financial planning and one of the servers "rubbed me the wrong way". Idk maybe he was trying to be cute or funny but someone at our table asked what the salad dressing was for the wedge and he says " uh blue cheese?" in a question kind of  way as if "duhh" - then when my hubby asked for Italian instead of his "blue cheese" he said in a sing songy kind of way, "oooookkkkkaaayy" as if we were being too particular. This guy was about 40 I guess, short, with glasses. It seemed like he had been employed longer and knew the ropes more than the gal (Charity) or the Spanish guy. Did not care for his attitude at all! It was almost as if he thought we were getting a free meal why should we get it exactly like we want??!! Charity (I asked her name)/ on the other hand was most gracious, most of the time "silent service" was very professional. She went to get us go-boxes for what we couldn't eat, kept our water&tea glasses full, and gave NO attitude at all! Didn't expect to need any cash for tonight! Otherwise I would have tipped her!!! not him-the food WAS fabulous! The surf and turf was served and I had the double chicken breast. The brulee for dessert was wonderful too! However, when we speak to Stuart again we may comment on this experience.
2	At all Fleming's the food is good, but not exceptional.  For the money, Mastro's and Eddie V's are much better choices.  We were in the area at the time and this Fleming's seemed to be the best restaurant in the vicinity.  We both ordered the French onion soup to start.  i tried about 4 spoonfuls and found it to be so salty that I asked the waiter to take away.  Given that it hadn't been very long since we received the soup and the bowl was still pretty full, I would have expected the waiter to ask whether or not there was a problem.  But no.  Finally, I informed him that it was way too salty.  His response? "Oh?" No "I'm sorry", "Can I get you something else?", "I'll let the kitchen know.".  Nothing but "Oh?"  Since their steak portions are usually too big for me to finish, I decided to try their braised short ribs.  It was so dry that I asked for more au jus, but that didn't help it.  My husband said, "Wow that's really bad! Don't eat it." He ended up giving me some of his steak, so I wouldn't starve.  What was the  waiters response this time?  The same.  No offer to deduct the soup or offer a complimentary dessert.  Nothing.  We've been to other Fleming's around the Valley as well as one in Chicago and have never had such a bad experience.  Hopefully, this is isolated to just this particular Fleming's.
5	This place is fantastic.I came expecting an average steakhouse in the Glendale/Peoria area.The bartender was fantastic and made a tremendous Negroni (not the one on their menu, which isn't actually a negroni at all).The Caesar salad was very tasty and the small plate sliced filet was the most perfectly balanced and seasoned dish I can remember eating in recent memory.  There was so much going on in that dish - but everything was balanced and picture perfect.I can't recommend this place enough.
3	The Main Man and I are Flemings fans; as in, we go there quite a bit, several times a year in the main dining room and almost monthly in the bar area. We are not at all impressed with the 'upstairs' overflow area... So this review might be tainted...Our last visit was on October 21 for a big deal dinner. The reservation was made more than a month prior yet when we arrived they tried to seat us in that awful side room that makes one feel as if they are seated at the kids table during the family Thanksgiving meal. MM asked for different seating and despite open tables visible in the dining room, they stated everything was reserved. When we said we would wait for seating in the big people dining room, the hostess was visibly annoyed and went whispering who-knows-what in the co-hostesses ear. A few moments later, after they had their crisis meeting with management, we were seated in the big dining room, among the multitude of open tables that mostly remained open during our 1.5 hour meal.Now, having been smitten with Flemings for years now, it pains me to say that the quality of service had dropped significantly and the food had taken the same route. Or maybe I have become that much better a cook... When we drop $200+ on a meal, I want the meal, the service, the ambiance, the whole experience to feel extraordinary and this did not. It was just a meal and the desert that they make a big deal about, the chocolate lava cake, is quite disappointing! With a 20 minute prep time and all the buildup, I would think the thing should knock my socks, or other undergarments, off. It didn't... It was tasty and we finished it, but I won't order it again and it isn't something I will find myself craving down the line.As for the service, it was quite generic and seemed lacking in the refinement we have come to expect from Flemings. The hostesses were borderline rude and unprofessional. The manager, knowing we were displeased with the original seating didn't visit our table until the end of the meal and then only did so sheepishly and quickly. The appetizer and the steaks were fine, not spectacular, but fine.Of four visits this year, this was the second disappointing visit. After the first one they said it would get better and it did, but not all the way, and not for long... Pull it together!
4	I heard a rumor that the happy hour menu at Fleming's had changed.  It had been a long time since we had gone, so I thought it was time.  They have changed a few menu items, but my favorites are still on there.  We ordered two burgers, which were delectable.  The patty was so juicy and the bacon was perfectly cooked.  I had the beef carpaccio like usual.  It was great!  We decided to try the pork belly and grits. The pork belly was pretty good, but the grits were just a tad bit dry.  We got complimentary chips with our meal.  Free is always nice!I wish I remembered our servers name.  I believe she was expecting, or I just insulted her.  But anyway, she was wonder.  She was super friendly and attentive.
2	We have dinned at the Scottsdale Fleming, it was excellent service and outstanding food.  I was so dissapointed that this Glendale location does not measure up!  The decor and atompshere is there but just not the same.  Looks like it, doesn't feel like it.  We were greeted immedately and seated as our reserved table for 6 (Saturday night - before Mother's day).  The wine list was fancy (electronic tablet).  Our server was just NOT attentive at ALL and made the experience basically SUCK.-She never mentioned the specials for the day (the list on laying on the table, someone discovered it later)-She brought the wrong beverage-She has to come back to ask was we ordered because she couldn't read her handwriting-Never was around to grab her attentionNow to the food, two of our group stressed that they needed they meats cooked well done.  One of the filet mignons was to be butterflied to make sure it is well done and the other sliced filet migon was to be well done.  Well, the ladies got their filets and they are still oozing blood.  Come on a butterflied filet migon and a SLICED filet migon not well done?  Really???  Especially on the sliced one, when you slice it and see blood and pink = NOT well done.  We had to send the 2 plates back.  The guest of honor had to sit was watch some of start to eat.  Don't get me wrong, my steak was perfect and tasted great.  You are a steakhouse, getting steaks cooked to the right temperature is your forte!  I am surprised that a Manager was not send out to appoloize or at least talk to the table when we had to send back 2 of the 6 main entrees.  He came by at the end to do a quick hello and how was everything...  Well, it sucked but nothing you can do now at this point!
5	Had the pleasure of dining at Fleming s last night with a friend. What a pleasure. We made our reservation online and arrived a bit early. Rather than acting inconvenienced, they were very pleasant as they seated us without wait.With their extensive wine list, presented both in a menu form and on an iPad and with the broad menu, it took some time to make decisions. While deciding we enjoyed our cocktails with their house bread, hot from the oven with several custom butters. We started by sharing a Tenderloin Carpaccio that was perfect. We had the Caesar salad that was nice and crisp and very tasty followed by our entres. My friend had the lamb which she was very happy with. My rib eye, is one of their signature dishes and I know why. Because they have perfected it. All their steaks are hand cut and wet aged. It came to the table right from the grill, nice and hot. The flavor was exquisite and it melted in your mouth. We had the Fleming s famous potatoes as a side dish that was more than large enough for two. Sadly we didn't get to try their desserts...we failed to plan ahead and overindulged before we got there. I would have to consider Fleming's to be one of the TOP steakhouses in the Phoenix area in every respect. The ambience was great, the staff were obviously well trained and seemed to actually enjoy their work, and of course the food quality would be hard for anyone to beat.
5	Working in town and I can always count on a great meal at Fleming's.  Sat at the bar and received great service. I did the small bites, big pours specials; Cab Sauv with Short Rib & Spinach. Just right! One disappointment, no beer on tap at this Fleming's. I can only dock a half star for that and always round up :) Keep up the great work.
5	We took our daughter out for her 21st birthday and we were all treated like royalty. Everyone greeted her with a 'Happy Birthday' - she received a gift card and box of truffles with a candle. We all felt very special. Now to the meal - OMG - my husband and I ordered the steak - it was cooked beyond perfect. The filet was so tender I didn't need a knife to cut it. Our daughter (a picky eater) had the swordfish - which was the first time she had tried it - and LOVED it. The green beans were wonderful too. For desert - which we hardly ever get - we decided on the chocolate lava cake. There are no words...that cake is AMAZING!!!Our waitress - Tiffany - was excellent. She even offered me a black cloth napkin - instead of the white - because I was wearing black pants and she didn't want white fuzz on my black pants...talk about paying attention to detail!! We didn't feel rushed at all, she answered our questions about the meal.We will definately be going back again. Although it is expensive - it was so worth the trip for a birthday dinner.
1	This place gets one star because of the service expected for these prices and the service and food received. We had a dining credit through an email and a gift card given by flemings from a previous birthday visit. Called ahead to make sure that we could use both together. This was my first visit and my boyfriend's second. Will not be going back!! The waitress spent most at her time at the table next to us and was not very personable at all. I work in a restaurant, so I don't expect her to kiss my feet but at least try to be a little less cold when I am paying 40 for a steak (not including a side). Bad service can ruin the whole meal. Our drinks were often empty, the bread that they serve while the spreads are very good, you need superman strength to cut through the crust on the bottom (with a steak knife). I had the filet and salmon from the two course summer menu. My steak was tasty, but as soon as I got to the thicker part of my salmon, I could tell right away that it was undercooked. Let the waitress know and instead of letting me finish my steak, she took the whole plate and I sat there watching my boyfriend eat his steak. To make up for it the manager offered a free dessert, now who will make up for our server's crappy attitude????  When we tried to pay, our server informed us that we could not use two promotions together, and I told her that I called ahead of time. She had to check with the manager, came back to the table for the check and I asked what the manager said "Oh I forgot to ask him, hold on". Really it was a Monday night not busy at all. Manager said he would honor it this one time, I informed our server to tell the hostess about their policies. You are paying a champagne budget and getting Mcdonalds service. If you want better food and service for your money go to The Yard House in Westgate.
5	Absolutely fabulous.  We shared a prime rib with Fleming Potatoes and it was amazing.  We had the cheesecake for dessert and it was absolutely amazing.  The wine tablet will pair your meal, wish I knew that before ordering wine but no one pointed it out to us.  Other than that it is awesome.  Expensive, but awesome.
5	Went here on a date and had a great time. The atmosphere and decor was very classy. When I entered the restaurant I was greeted immediately and sat down at a booth.  I received a wine list on an ipad and I thought that was pretty neat.Vincent was our server he was very knowledgeable on the different cuts of meat an told us all the great deals that were going on. We chose to get an appetizer which was the BBQ shrimp which was amazing!! The sauce just melted in your mouth!! I got the taste of season entree and my date got a steak that he loved with a side of potatoes.We had four different people stop by our table to make sure everything was ok.We overall had an amazing time and the food was great. The prices are up there but worth it. We want to check out the happy hour, it looked like a bunch of good deals.
4	Great west valley upscale steak house, the atmosphere is wonderful and the service was awesome.  Zac was our waiter and he was very professional and good at his job.  He answered all of my friends questions (and I think he had 20)...he probably felt interrogated but handled us well.  I ordered the filet with Gorgonzola and the wife had the fish special (no idea what it was since I am not a huge fish guy).    My steak was fantastic and I also ordered the creamed spinach which was also very creamy and delish.  We did not order desert but had plenty of alcohol and then we pretty much closed out the place before heading to the new Toby Keith's and then Sandbar to close the night!  We dropped about $400 for all 4 of us which is pretty standard for an upscale steak house.
5	We were staying overnight in Surprise, AZ for business and got into town late.Feeling tired but really hungry after the long drive we decided to try out the nearby Fleming's restaurant after checking into the hotel.As we were one of the last patrons to arrive, most were already leaving,  I must say they gave us exceptional service.The three of us ordered the scallops, petite filet, and New York strip steak.  All of our entrees were delicious!  The presentation of the dishes alone was on spot.We all shared a bottle of red wine the server suggested and it was a perfect match with our food.They even snapped a picture of us and handed it to us in a little cardboard frame when they brought us the check. (We now have it displayed on our mantle).Too bad we don't live in the area because this was one of the nicest, not to mention one of the tastiest, dining experiences we've had.
1	Went to happy hourLooking forward to itGot wine, burger, pork, and something elseAlll taste very greasyThey even put butter on the burger bunsGreasy friesGreasy burgerGreasy chips Greasy pork rindsThe wine taste goodWill not come backWill work and save money to come back for regular service
4	We love having a more upscale spot so close to home for those nights when we just don't feel like driving all the way across town.  We always enjoy Fleming's, especially their Happy Hour.  Last Friday, we met our friends there, figuring it would please even some of the pickiest eaters we know.  We were quoted an hour wait.  Our friends always run late, so we decided to add our name to the list and see how it worked out.  After about 15 minutes, a table was ready, just as our friends arrived - couldn't have been more perfect timing.  I loved that Fleming's underpromised and overdelivered on the wait time.  The friendly hostess showed me to our table while my husband stepped outside to meet our friends.  (Little side note here, the only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 for this visit was the OTHER hostess, the snotty one with the headband and molto attitude.  Everyone else on staff was delightful.)We placed our order for drinks (2 reds, a chard and a beer) and some of the fabulous calamari for the table.  Our friends had never tried calamari.  Tonight, only one of them proved daring enough to sample Fleming's version, which I think is made all the more tasty with the addition of the slightly spicy, tangy sauce.  He liked the sauce, but was not sold on the calamari, especially the tentacles.... Oh well, more deliciousness for my husband and me.Our friends each ordered the burger, medium well (admittedly, I cringe when people do this to prime beef, but at least they didn't order the bone-in ribeye well done, as that truly would have been a sacrilege!).  He also ordered the salt and pepper shrimp.  I ordered the pork belly and my husband got a burger, medium rare.  We split our selections.  Our burger was cooked to perfection.  Unfortunately, our friends' burgers were served the same as ours, a lovely pink, but it wasn't what they ordered.  The waiter promised to have them remade.  The manager came by to apologize.  A few minutes later, the 2nd attempt arrived, delivered by the manager.  Unfortunately, these were still too pink for our friends.  Finally, on the 3rd attempt, the burgers were deemed acceptable.  Our friend absolutely loved his shrimp, he kept commenting he had never seen such large shrimp in a restaurant.  He even enjoyed the fried lemon slices.  Despite the problems with their burgers, I think they enjoyed the evening.  We certainly did and had no complaints with the calamari, pork belly or the burger we shared.What really impressed me the most was when our waiter delivered the checks and told us the manager comped all of the food items, we only had to pay for the drinks.  This gesture was certainly appropriate for our friends' menu items, but completely unnecessary for ours.  It was definitely appreciated and I wish I had gotten the manager's name so we could have thanked him personally for such a thoughtful gesture.  To the manager in the grey glen plaid suit and dark dress shirt, thank you for making things more than right.  You guaranteed my husband and I will return again, and often.
5	Delicious. Steak melts in your mouth, and the mahi mahi I got was cooked perfectly. Highly recommend the Flemings potatoes, as well. Overall, everything tasted fresh and was well seasoned. Waitstaff was very knowledgable, which I always appreciate. Good service, make sure you tell them if it's a special occasion as well -- we got some truffles as a gift for our anniversary. Highly recommend!
5	A return trip this past Friday with my parents.  Upping my previous 4-star review to 5 as the hostess with the attitude seemed to have had a refresher in customer service.  Again, everyone else on staff was excellent, the food delicious as always.
2	I went here based on the yelp reviews and the 3 dollar signs thinking that meant expensive but not absurd. My co worker and I went for dinner and we walked in and they asked if we has reservations. The place was empty so I didn't see why that mattered. We said no and then they asked for my last name and then first. I was so put off. I don't see a need to give out that info to have dinner. Do you want to do a background check as well?We were sat by our hostess dressed in a slutty black outfit, like the others there. Out waitress attempted to say hi by using my last name I gave them which isnt all that hard but she slaughtered it. She asked if we wanted wine but we told her no and that we wanted water, coke and lemonade. She ignored what we said and then asked if we wanted water and soda... ugh. We were in shock when we opened the menu and saw the ridiculous prices. $45 for the filet by itself, with no sides. $10 for a baked potatoe....We were here on money from work so we stayed. If it was my own money I would not have stayed. We ordered our meal and out waitress again was clueless and ignored what we said and had to repeat our orders several times. The food was brought out and I was expecting the most amazing steak I have ever had. The steak was fine, not worth $45, maybe 20. The baked potato was pretty decent but again not worth the money. I dont know how they can charge that much for mediocre steak. I ate everything but wasnt all that pleased. My low rating is due to the strange vibe I got from the staff and the crazy high prices for standard food.
5	It was as good as it gets! Wow. Our steaks were tender and moist, our sides were corn and salads, both were excellent. Service was perfect. Flemings is a great place to treat yourself to a wonderful meal.
3	Went to a company retirement party here, just appetizers and drinks and it was awesome! Too bad the wait staff herded some non-company related customers through the room while the guest of honor was giving his speech.
3	We have been to Flemings before so we knew it be $$$$ but worth it. However, the trip last night was disappointing. We were a group of 4 and decided to start with some wine flights. It took FOREVER to get those. Our server seemed liked she knew what she was doing but it took 4 requests yo get some olive oil for the bread. When taking our dinner order, she failed to mention the specials. We found out about them after overhearing another server tell his table about them. When we mentioned to her the many oversights on our service, she just kept saying the wine flights really confused her. Really?? You work at a wine bar! Overall, this was a very disappointing visit.
4	Went here with my wife for our anniversary dinner. We were immediately seated and promptly served by a polite and attentive waiter. The service was great by all the wait staff who worked together to stay on top of any needs. Food wise we were delighted from the pre-meal bread to the very delicious steaks we both ordered. Flemings is certainly on par with all the other premier steakhouses my wife and I have experienced (Morton's, Ruth Chris, etc.) Knowing it was our anniversary they were very nice and gave us a gift of a box of chocolates and a coupon for a future visit. The only negative thing I can say, about this location anyway, is we went there for a romantic type dinner and there was a full bar with flat screens and football on. Trust me, I am a huge football fan, but I didn't like the negative effect it had on the ambiance of the whole restaurant. You can't have a fancy steakhouse and a sports bar. You can have a sports bar that makes a good steak, but you lose the feeling you're looking for when wanting a romantic night out. We may come back here, but it won't be for an anniversary dinner.
4	I always expect a great experience at Flemings. My last visit was no exception (food and drink wise) however it was nearly derailed by the rude hostess staff. Whenever I go to a restaurant of this caliber, I have come to expect a certain level of service from the greeters that is not evident at lower priced restaurants. I can go to any number of top flight steakhouses in the valley and without fail, the hosts usually open doors, actively engage the guests, assert themselves in a reassuring way. Not the case at this Flemings. No door service, hardly a greeting, and the most annoying feature; refusing to offer you a seat when there are many open tables (and we did have a reservation and were a couple of minutes early for). That made me want to leave right away. Next, my wife's water glass had a chip on the rim that took a chunk of her lip. No blood thankfully. Once the food began to arrive things quickly improved to become a memorable meal. The management was all over the chipped glass but I really wanted to give her was an earful over the rude hostess and why I wasn't seated when I asked to be. I certainly didn't appreciate her blaming my wife for stopping in the restroom first as an excuse.  On the way out we were ignored, presumably over the initial interaction. Overall, great food preparation and service by the waitstaff, beverage service and kitchen. Bad taste on the way in on the way out made this only a 4 star rating.
5	I have to write this down immediately. And I am going to do something I typically don't which is include personal information about myself. But in order to give full comprehension, I will be talking about my family. To me, it's worth it in my book for this one...My wife and I don't get out much. Busy lives, work, family, etc. We have been passing over anniversaries, birthdays, unexpected (but wanted!) pregnancy, and all other special occasions because of time. We recently purchased a home (buying a home and moving=no time) and after spending somewhere in the neighborhood of a quarter of a million dollars, the builder gave us a $50 gift card to Fleming's. Finally! A chance to go celebrate all of these passed over dates of significance! Ship the daughter off to grandma's, pull out some extra cash, and make the reservation.We arrived at our reservation time and were seated immediately. The hostess was friendly and politely chatted with us as she seated us at a nice table pretty much in the middle of main dining area. Comfortable chairs, nice lighting, fairly intimate setting. We knew what the menu held after reviewing it online first so we knew we were starting with the crab cakes. After ordering the crab cakes, my wife and I started to slow down and get into the date night vibe. The crab cakes were moist, flavorful, and served in a very savory butter sauce. I couldn't put my finger on the spices in the sauce but it was delectable. We are off to a good start. I ordered a boneless ribeye with king crab and mashed potatoes while my wife went for the petite filet with asparagus. The steak was outstanding. Not too salty, medium rare to perfection, juices still inside and on the plate. If I were a cow, I would be honored to be this steak postmortem. The accompanying crab was also sumptuous. My wife was gracious enough to let me try a bite of her filet and it certainly didn't disappoint. Typically I would finish what she started but my lovely better half is very pregnant so I no longer enjoy the luxury of counting on her leftovers. As a matter of fact, I lost some of my potatoes in the ordeal. Easy sacrifice to keep all of my steak. All the food was impressive. But this is when things went from impressive to outstanding. One of the managers stops by our table and drops off a $25 gift certificate because our hostess had gleaned the purpose of our night out while she was seating us. She relayed that to the manager which prompted the gift certificate. I elaborated slightly on how it was actually making up for several occasions and he was on his way after a gracious conversation. At the end of our meal, our server then brings us a small box of chocolates with a candle on it and two cards. One card was for the anniversary we were celebrating and the other was for the acknowledgement of our impending new child each signed by the staff. The server then lights the candle and thanks us for celebrating with them. We take a small bite from the rich chocolate delights in the box and saved the rest for later.I felt special this night. I truly feel like the staff of Fleming's appreciated our visit and were happy we chose to celebrate at their restaurant. The entire night my wife and I were looking at each other in awe of how efficient and caring the staff was. Whether it was how they constantly were topping off our drinks or the management stop by's to check on us. But when you go that far out of normal to deliver hand signed Congratulations cards, you just outdid almost every establishment I have ever been to. One might say this should be expected from a finer dining place such as this, but I have had much less expensive establishments create an experience such as this one. This type of service transcends money. Well done Fleming's. You made the customer number one in your service and meals. My wife and I had a night that we will remember for a very long time to come.
5	So I have a couple things to say. #1 My boyfriend called a couple days ahead of valentines day to make sure the bar was open for happy hour and the hours of operation were normal and he was told that on valentines day that it would be normal hours. When we got there at 4:30 the bar was full and had an hour and a half wait because they actually opened at 4 that day. We waited, got a spot at the bar and were served..#2 The bartenders were so amazing and accommodating. They made everyone's drinks fast, and delicious. And they were on top of everything. Had an amazing dining experience(other than the hour wait).
4	Prime rib eye steak bone in rare is juicy and tasty. Do not order any side dish cause the portion is approx 14 oz. Perhaps share a salad. Service is excellent. During the course, waiter checks in many times to refill drinks.
2	If you know food & wine, and if it's not spot on the experience is ruined, then don't go here.   Best have a reservation. Long wait for the bar even.  Thankfully we did have a res and a booth, as requested in the reservation.  Nice a la carte selections but the wine list was seriously lacking.  Lots of blends and over priced bottles but nothing that struck our fancy.  I settled on a Toso Malbec that was nice.  We both order starters, steaks and sides. I sent back the lobster bisque. It tasted like starchy baby food.  Worse ever and at $14 for a little cup of it, it was surely going back.  Steaks were cooked perfectly but were unremarkable. The 'generous portion of king crab' atop my steak was a joke for the $14 additional price tag.  It was good but laughable after I specifically asked the waitress about the portion. I really wanted crab with my steak. It was just one bite worth of crab.  We enjoyed the wine, steaks and the Fleming's potatoes.  The bill was about $250 with tip and the waitress brought a box of truffles as a thank you for dining with them on Valentine's Day. This is supposed to be a high-end steak house and we just didn't get it.  We've had so much better overall elsewhere.  I really wanted to like it but it feel short. I see where they pay attention to detail, push desserts and try to make you feel special but the food quality just wasn't there.
4	Wow this place was good. I ordered there valentine special with a small steak and lobster tail; my nephew ordered the pork chops and my cousin ordered there aged rob eye steak and his girlfriend ordered the swordfish. Of course we all tried each other's dishes; Everything here was great and the service was awesome. They clearly understood that they were a high class restaurant and they showed it.  Definitely will recommend this place to others.
2	Came here for happy hour with my housemates, which is a really good deal at $6/appetizer.  We sat out on the patio which was quiet and relaxing.Unfortunately for myself, I ordered the crispy pork belly which wasn't so crispy and it was 98% pure fat.  I guess I should have known that already, but it didn't even taste good.  I ended up leaving about a third of the dish on the plate.  My housemates, however, were smarter and ordered the burger which is also $6 and that looked delicious.  I had food envy all night.Although I'm sure the burger was good, I'm still giving 2 stars because I think everything on their menu should be just as good.
2	We have eaten at Flemings in Glendale many times, usually dropping $200-$300 for an evening for 4.  This evening we went to just have a prime burger in the bar. The chips that were given out were cool and very greasy.  The fries that came with the burger were cool and very greasy as if they had been laying out for some time.  I ordered my burger without a bun since I have a wheat allergy and it was as greasy as the fries.  I had one bite and didn't eat the rest.  A great disappointment. It will be a while before we go back.
5	This restaurant does everything right.  The food is excellent and the service is very attentive with the wait staff being both friendly and accommodating.  The food is delicious with a good selection and fair prices for excellent quality. The icing on the cake may be the management. They go out of their way to make you feel special and appreciated,  This is a spot we will return to time and time again.  Way to go Flemings!We are pleased with what you offer in value and service.  Thank you!
4	Oh my goodness, what a wonderful first-time at Fleming's in Peoria!  It was a gorgeous mid-Feb evening, so the 3 of us passed on sitting in the inviting and tastefully decorated bar/dining area (busy but comfortable) and chose a table on the patio.  The wait staff welcomed us with with smiles, water, menus, and great home-made potato chips. Drinks were ordered and we perused the menu without feeling rushed. However,  the waitress was at the table in a jiffy to answer questions and when we were ready, take our order.  Dinner was divine!  We shared the delicious Heirloom tomato and beet salad and ordered rib eyes and filet mignon.  The steaks were wonderful: tender, and well-seasoned. And our sides, Fleming's potatoes and creamed spinach, were tasty and garnished nicely.  When coffee was ordered,  I off-hand mentioned to the waitress that we were celebrating my dad's 89th birthday.  So were surprised when the coffee was served with a complimentary mini-box of chocolate truffles - a perfect dessert for a perfectly memorable evening.Fleming's is pricey but provides a good dining experience.  Our service was great and the dinner was delicious.  The ambiance is sophisticated but comfortable with an attention to detail that makes this chain restaurant a standout.  Finally, this Fleming's is conveniently located for those on the far west end of the Phoenix metro area who don't want the long drive to downtown Phoenix or Scottsdale.  Looking forward to dining at Fleming's again!
4	Came here for the first time with some lovely ladies for steak and cocktails after work one night and it was amazing!What can I say about such a superb place?  Our waitress was the most cheerful and sweetest lady ever.  Even when we were mulling and being indecisive over which cocktails to get, she gave friendly suggestions on what's delicious [she has excellent recommendations --- I wish I remember her name].  We all had the prime rib and every steak came out cooked perfectly.  Not exactly up to Mr. W's steak-perfection but the closest thing to a perfectly cooked steak prepared by another person.  Even though we wandered in a little after 9PM on a weekday, we were given such great service and a really satisfying meal.  I would definitely be back!
5	Tonight's dinner was far above past visits to Fleming's (which is really saying something as they have all been mostly very good to excellent). Our server Aaron and the bartender (drawing a blank sorry!) gave us the best service we've had in a long time. Great recommendations on wines and foods.  Really engaging person and spot on knowledge. The greatest "rocks" Manhattan ever to boot, and a rib eye that I'm still thinking of hours later. Seriously, a meal so good that it lingers in your mind for quite some time afterwards; even though I'm still completely full. That's the mark of a wonderful evening out.
5	My husband and I celebrated our 43rd Wedding Anniversary at Flemings in Peoria and from the moment we entered the door and was greeted with "Happy Anniversary!" by the smiling receptionist, our whole experience went North from there! The wait staff wishing us Happy Anniversary, our server, Jose, paying particular attention to our needs, the manager presenting us with a gift card,  Jose snapping our picture and bringing over the "memorable moment" keepsake photo, the gift box of chocolates...oh wait...did I mention our perfectly prepared dinner selections?  I cannot say enough good things about our experience. We were treated like Royalty and I want to share our thanks with everyone who made our night so wonderful!!!
3	Let's start with the good!! Service was amazing our server was on too of it and my rating has nothing to do with her it anyone else who works there everyone was very very nice!! It was Mother's Day and of course I had my son (Young) and they all made a point to say hi and just super sweet my side dish (the loaded baked potato, the best I've ever had!!!!! But.... I ordered the prime rib and truly not impressed at all! It was tasteless and just dry.. :( black angus (which is less than half the price) is 1000% better! And the lava cake tasted like it had been microwaved to get warmed.... Just expected more from the reviews I've read.... Maybe I just got a bad set... But probably won't get the same dish... It just put a bad taste in my mouth.Again tho everything else was great!
1	I was seriously disappointed in this location. We went to celebrate my husband's master degree and I was so bummed that this place let us down. We had reservations but it took 15 minutes to still get a seat. When we were seated the hostess gave us an ipad for wine choices but gave us no help on how to use it. As we were going through and trying to figure stuff out time passed-10, 15, 20, no lets try 30 minutes before I got up and went to the hostess station and complained that we had no drinks, nor had we ordered them yet, and we had a child with us and we were celebrating a special occasion. The manager came over then and explained that the area were we sat was full and only had one waitress, not my problem when I paying what I am. They gave us a bottle of wine on the house then. We finally got our drinks and half the cork was left in the bottle. When our food came it was just mediocre.  The meat we got was fine but I have had better for steak houses, honestly I can say that the Texas Roadhouse does better, and that is not what I should be saying by the standards I have read on this place. I had the prime rib and my husband had a house seasoned one and they were both just okay. My daughter had spaghetti and meatballs and the noodles were rubber. She loves noodles and said she did not want to eat them. Our dessert was the best part of the meal by far! I would go back for dessert if I was forced to but never again for their service or their food. We were by far the youngest people in the place as well and we are in our thirties. Everyone else was retired or elderly-not the sort of crowd we normally eat with either. I am honestly disappointed that we went to celebrate this amazing accomplishment and it turned into a 3 hour ordeal of trying to get a meal put together because they were too busy. Wish they would have told me that when I made the reservations. They also never came back to ask if we wanted more wine or drinks for our party of 5. What a let down.
5	We received and email with a $25 dining credit so we chose Flemings over Ruth's Chris on this occasion. We were not disappointed. We were greeted by name when we arrived for our reservation and seated immediately. The prefix menu that featured filet, salmon and scallops along with appetizer and dessert was delicious and a great value. The sides were large enough to share and simply delicious. We had the chipotle mac n cheese and Parmesan mashed taters. The steaks were cooked perfectly and the service was awesome! We celebrated a birthday and they took our groups pictures and provided us with a framed photo before we left along with a gift if delicious truffles. The carrot cake is a great finish to the meal along with the managers checking in throughout the evening.
3	I attended again after getting a gift card from the manager after my previous review and situation. We were seated promptly at 5 pm when it opened on Wednesday. Our waiter was Curtis and he was fabulous. Honestly, my daughter even said she liked him and she is super shy! He was very knowledgable. He explained the wine selection perfectly! He was a bit confused on the menu though after being gone for several days, we put in an order but then came back to tell us that it was no longer the special. So that was a bit werid. But he was very nice about the whole process. He checked on us frequently which was appreciated. When we got our meal I was cutting up my daughters chicken strips and found a huge string. Curtis was right there and said sorry and took the plate away, apparently a dish towel had fell in the fryer! We asked for another veggie plate so she had something to eat while we were eating. By the time my husband and I were done with our meal hers came which was a bummer because she was full on carrots. The kids meal was nothing to get excited about the fries were very greasy. We ordered the mint lamb chops which had tons of mint on them, it was overloaded. We also got the special of scallops and the steak which was perfect completely. I think you really need to stay with meat at this place, they know how to make it! We did get their great lava cake for dessert again which is fabulous. We did tell them we were there for our anniversary and they gave us a box of truffles to celebrate which was very nice. When we got the check we were surprised that we were charged for the kids meal but then once my husband paid the manager came and gave us a $25 gift card because of the issue. I would have been happier if they would have just taken it off the bill. I had a better experience but still a bit surprised about a towel falling into a fryer for how upscale this place is supposed to be!
4	First time to Fleming's.  Heard so many great things about the food.  The filets were perfectly cooked. Ordered a bottle wine. So our bill was going to be about $200. When we received our bill, she didn't charge us for the wine. So when we told her that she didn't charge us, she said ...."Oh....sorry bout that". Not even a thank you. I guess we figured she would be a little more grateful, since it would probably come out of her check. We will definitely go back because of the great food.
4	Some if the best quality steaks you can find in the Phoenix area. The decor is classy and still laid back. Great location in the west valley, no longer do I have to venture too far to get a quality steak.And the fact that you get a gift card w your meal towards a future purchase is always a plus.
1	1 star is generous. Dinner was subpar tonight. Husband and I are dieting, Atkins style, and steak is usually on our list for date night. Together we ordered salad, steaks, king crab and veggies. The salad was the star which is pretty sad statement for an upscale steak house.  I realize crab is out of season so we'll give that a pass, steaks were just ok but definitely did not meet expectation considering price. Creamed spinach was lacking, more salt maybe? Cheese on top not melted...broiler broke down? Nothing came to the table hot, warm at best. A Star for wedge salad, dressing was divine. Service was fine, nothing special or remarkable.  Terrible atmosphere. Wine tablet is cheezy and cheap excuse for not staffing a sommelier. Lighting is almost too bright for a steak house. Lots of families, I realize this isn't necessarily the restaurants fault, but its difficult to enjoy your $60 steak with crying babies in the background. We saw at least 3 tables with very young children, WHY??? (totally inappropriate for this type of restaurant IMO, c'mon they don't enjoy sitting at a table for 2+ hour dinner). I'm not a fan of dress codes, I really am a casual girl, but one hostess was wearing what looked like a long sleeved gym shirt and there were plenty of guests dressed way too casually, one kid had his baseball hat on and backward (really???). $200+ dinner for 2 without cocktails or wine...Mastro's Ocean Club absolutely kills this place. You may spend a bit more but it will be so worth it (in every way) you'll be happy to pay! There are so many better places to get a great steak (Morton's, Capital Grill, Eddie Vs, Dominick's, even Texas Roadhouse should be considered before this) Flemmings should be a last resort.
5	I would give this place 50 stars if I could! They deserve it for many reasons! 1) hands down the best restaurant service (consistently) out of any venue in the state! They great you by name, and will make just about any request you like happen. 2) The steak rivals if not beats any steak I have eaten anywhere in the world. I have eaten at some of the nicest steak houses in the country and Let me assure you, they know what they are doing here.3) online ordering. You can show up and just start being served without having to bother with menus at all if you want.  4) super fancy! Their wine list menus are ipads.
3	My brother and I were in the mood for a good steak and came to Fleming's.  The place was crowded but we managed to get a table in the bar area.  The ambiance:  typical steak house wood and leather.  Pretty and warm.  The service:  Our server was very good. Once or twice we kind of felt like we had been forgotten and our server admitted that she thought we had been taken care of, but generally it was really good.The food:  We got the special which was a filet and vegetables.  We ordered some extra mashed potatoes on the side.  I have to say that I have had better steak.  It was not as tender as I would have expected and the flavor was seriously lacking.  My brother asked me halfway through the meal what I thought and, being tactful and not wanting to make him feel that this wasn't such a great choice, I pointed out the positives.  He said he was underwhelmed. Gotta say that we both pretty much thought we had much higher expectations for the price point and the reputation.  I have been to other Fleming's and felt I had better food.  The vegetables and potatoes were good but not fabulous.  Fleming's, you didn't wow me on this trip.  Maybe next time...
4	The meal was pretty good.  Good quality food.  Good service.  A little pricy, but for a special occasion its great.
5	love to go to Fleming's for occasions and last week we went for our anniversary and the filet & lobster special.  it was soooo good!  sign up for their emails and they have nice specials.  for the $45 deal we got a scallop amuse bouche, a huge bleu cheese wedge salad while hubby got the French onion soup, and then one of their fab 8 oz filet and lobster tail for $45.  this included the lovely bread and spreads and the trio of steak sauces - plenty of steakhouses charge extra for the sauce.  nice touches - they always say our name, the manager always stops by and addresses us by name, and we get the complimentary truffles and a coupon for our next visit.  plus I used our Open Table $20 voucher!  even with wine the bill was reasonable - of course we'll go again!  one of the nicest places in the west valley.
5	1st off let me just say this place is a 'lil pricey but with that being said...Started off with the CHILLED SEAFOOD TOWER* FOR 2 OR MORE lobster, shrimp, crab and seasonal selections with traditional accompaniments was Delicious then ordered NEW BEDFORD SCALLOPS* meyer lemon-honey glaze, carrots, green beans, asparagus - Awesome!!! Finished off dinner with NEWPORT FILET MIGNON* served with Fleming's potatoes cooked medium & to absolute perfection!! Also had great Glass of Sweet White Wine Ruffino / Moscato di Asti which is out of this world. Service & Staff was impeccable & atmosphere was great!!!! Well worth the price & definately a place to frequent a couple times year
3	Atmosphere nice very casual, food had great presentation, but the quality of the food was mediocre. Prices are high... We ordered a glass of wine, which we enjoyed, most of the wine on the menu you can find at any grocery store. We also had the baked Brie the apples were crisp and the salad was very tasty with a light balsamic but the Brie was a poor quality.
5	I had a great dining experience here. I came here for a private dining event, so as soon as we let the hostesses know what we were there for, we were ushered into a private dining room. We felt like such VIPs!The decor and ambiance is very fancy, yet understated.The service was great and the food was amazing!Our hosts had already chosen a set menu for us, although we were able to choose our entree from a list of three. I chose the petite filet mignon. Tender, juicy, flavorful steak. It was fantastic. We were also served creamed spinach and parmesan and peppercorn mashed potatoes. Everything was scrumptious and cooked to perfection.The cheesecake dessert was hands down the best part of dinner. I had to physically force myself to stop eating it. It had a crisp graham cracker crust, fresh blueberry sauce, rich cream cheese filling, and white chocolate shavings. Amazing!As a starving grad student, this restaurant is a little bit rich for my blood, but I'd surely come back for a special occasion. 5 stars.
5	Dark Maroon Leather, and Thick Wood Handled Steak Knives. (not even necessary to cut through the buttery thick steaks this place fires up)  Amazing Service, and Steaks. The Rib eye medium is perfect, completely perfect.  Seared on the outside on their 2000 degree grill locks in the flavor and taste like nothing I've ever tried.  The Flemmings Potatoes are a cheesy cream filled sensation, and to boot they have the best Lava Cake on the planet.  And seriously even the mints you take with you to go are amazing!  LOL.  Quality from the bottom to the top.  Im not a "fine dining" kind of guy, nothing makes me more pissed off than spending $50 on a meal for one and having to hit burger king on the way home cuz Im still starving because they gave me a 3 ounce "french delicacy" cut, draped in butter truffle crap, with a sprig of asparagus and a mint leaf.  Those of you who've ever tried to impress a girl know what Im talking about.  Flemmings is not this kinda place. Be prepared to drop over $100 for 2, but its worth every dime!  I'm a superfan!
5	The porterhouse dinner for two was massive! We couldn't even finish it. It comes in this huge skillet with filet and new york strip steak cooked to perfection. Carrots, potatoes, and cauliflower. The cauliflower is covered in some sauce I can't describe but very creamy. The bread and spreads prior to the meal are divine! There is a gouda white wine which was my favorite and a jalepeno cheddar one which was good as well.Would definitely go back!
5	I believe it was last weekend that I had dinner here with my boyfriend. Now I never heard of this place until my boss gave me a gift card to this place for my birthday so I had to go and try it. As soon as I walked in I felt uncomfortable and out of place. I don't think I've ever been to a place so nice and fancy before lol. Anyways our waiter was great service was amazing and the food... Well let's just say it was very delicious. I had clam chowder and it was the best I've ever had omg so good. Then I ordered the bone in ribeye medium rare I believe with plain mashed potatoes. The steak was amazing so soft and full of flavor the meat just melted in my mouth. The mashed potatoes went great with it, it was an amazing dinner overall very pricy but the food was great. Wish I had room for dessert they all looked so good but I was way too full for it lol. I definitely recommend this place for special occasions only because you'll definitely be dropping more than $100 for a dinner of two. Overall I can't wait to go again! I also receive a $25 gift card for our next visit.
5	This place was pricey, but worth every single penny! Honestly, from the above and beyond service to the amazing food, this steakhouse was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had in Phoenix.
4	Went back tonight. Service from Tiffany was spot on. We didn't have to ask for anything she anticipated everything perfectly. Food was very very good. We will definitely go back again. I am glad it was so much better than the last visit.
4	As a rich guy man who has rich amounts of cash I can't help but wonder whats the big deal.  I eat their dinner for breakfast.
5	We love this place!  It is our anniversary and special event spot.  Staff is friendly and knowledgable, food is consistently excellent!  I have found new favorite wines from their list and I began adding glazed pecans to my salad at home!  The prime rib is tender, juicy, and delicious.  Their food leaves an impression!  It's pricey, but a great spot for a fancy dinner date!
