2	i pretty much loathe buffalo. I rarely find anything worth buying and when I do its no cheaper that if I went to the actual store. They staff isnt great in all senses and the music isnt very good. They only buy things you would be looking to buy anyway, and if they do choose to buy something of yours, they dont pay nearly as much as they sell it for.
2	They denied me a job and are assholes.I don't like anyone who works there.I own a few things from there, but I have to admit they are very over priced for the type of stuff they sell.They need to get off their high horse.
3	I'd be lying if I said I hadn't picked up some sweet vintage threads over at Buffalo, but I'd also be lying if I said I didn't feel slightly guilty about it afterwards. It's like fishing in a stocked pond: Buffalo gives you the feel of a thrift store but only buy and resell stuff that they deem to be "cool" (saleable). The problem is, they charge two or three times thrift prices, and in many cases the stuff on the racks isn't "cool" at all. Staff isn't always the most friendly, but I suppose that's bound to happen everywhere. My advice: try genuine thrift shops and Saver's first, and, if you still haven't found the old school gear you're shopping for, swing by Buffalo as a last resort.
5	I'm definitely a department store and boutique kinda guy. Thrift stores with barrels of clothing all smelling of moth balls is totally not my thing. So Buffalo Exchange is fantabulous to me. Pricey by thrift store standards. Perhaps. And only a faint smell of moth balls. Really, I'm serious. Is this some kind of Glade plug in required in used clothing stores? But everything is organized so well even Felix Unger could browse here. And I love shopping at places where the staff is bejeweled and bedazzled in lots of face and body ornamentation. It always confirms in me why I'm glad to remain pierceless and untatooed. I've scored Dolce and Gabanna, Prada and Versace pants...paid in the $22 to $38 range. I've got lots of casual shirts anywhere from $6 and up. But I think my favorite are these British style (Beatle-esque) narrow legged pants with faint different colored pin stripes over the black wool....and get this...lined in purple (yes, a serious Prince purple) satin. How much you ask? Eight bucks people. Eight Georges. And what these pants do for my ass.....I'm tearing up right now. Thank you Buffalo...you make me look....mahvellloous....simply mahvelllous!
2	What ever happened to Buffalo being "vintage" and "affordable"? The stuff here is usually crap, but if you have enough time to dig through the racks and racks and racks of stuff you may be able to find yourself a decent item or two. But wait! I can almost guarantee that that decent item will be over-priced and/or low in quality. Or something you can purchase NEW at an actual store for the same price. I have to admit though I have sold lots of old stuff here. I used to take the credit and hunt for something worthy, but it never seemed to work out so I ended up just taking the cash. Oh and another thing -if you're looking for designer jeans this isn't a bad place to look. You can usually find them anywhere from $60 to $85 a pair. Better than fighting at Last Chance!
3	buffalo has changed over the years..prices are higher and they pay their sellers less and less...I remember back in the day you would get 45% cash now you get what 35%?? Dont get me wrong I take my unworn things here and have walked out with a hefty check but if I thought about it I might cry as the pair of True Religions I sold to them I got a big$24...I dont trade that often as I think their employees get all the goods..Sometimes like other resale stores you can score big...L.A.M.B dress for $35...it doesnt get much better than that
3	Pros:  -close to home-lots of things available (tees, jeans, bags, shoes, etc)Cons:-how did I walk out of a thrift store paying $50 for three items???I need to be more careful next time.  Where is Savers?
2	I recently cleaned out my closet, picked a bunch of items that I thought would do well at Buffalo and took them in to see what type of credit I would get. The young man took my box of clothing, went through them all without saying a word to me and then told me "I can't take any of this."  WTF? The clothing was in great shape, included some A&F shirts, surf and skater gear, designer jeans, etc... and he couldn't use any of it? I understand that times are tight right now, but it really seemed as if my clothes were rejected beacause I didn't have the right look, wasn't wearing a shirt from the latest alternative group or didn't have enough piercings. I didn't say anything, just took my clothes to the Tempe location where they ended up taking nearly half of them. This experience has really soured me on the Missouri location of this chain.
5	Not sure who the snotty people are who allegedly work here. I've only encountered friendly critters! And if they don't like my clothes I just donate them to charity. And I don't cry about it either. Waaa, they didn't like my Lee jeans! Waaa, they didn't like my Tommy Bahama shirt! Who are these people? Don't take it personal y'all. They're just doing their job.
2	I agree the stuff here is overpriced, but I have a cashmere habit, and I dont mind paying $20 for a good piedce that came from a good store, not target or somewhere.  The clot;hing for grown people is usually priced better than the college stuff, for some reason.  But they are in love with not that great labels--Kate Spade etc.
5	This location has the best merchandise out of any BE I've been to so far.  Of course they're not going to take your Wet Seal shirt from 2 years ago, deal with it.  When you look at their selection, you know why they're so picky.  And yes, some things could be a bit cheaper, but when you find the smokin' hot deals on the designer brands it's all worth it.  (I got a pair of True Religions for $45)
4	ok, first of all, buffalo takes things based on current style/trends,so if you're turning in diesel jeans from 2 years ago, chances are you're not going to get anything for them, pal.the best part about this store - and thrift stores in general - is scoring awesome items. i love that it has such a diverse selection of clothing with brands from everywhere..i have found so many awesome hoodies my closet is overstuffed! usually i'll bring in old clothes and swap for new ones to keep my style and look fresh - i love it, and i usually walk out of there paying no more than $20. this store is a lot smaller than the tempe one, but still carries a pretty good selection due to its location in the hip/trendy part of phoenix..went in there today, and got a brand new (still tagged) red DC reversable thermal hoodie for $20...which i saw at macys a month ago for $60. score!thumbs up buffalo, your staff is cool and friendly and your clothes are hip.
4	I would generally agree with the rest of the reviews. I went here for the first time last weekend (I had only gone to the Tempe store before), and agree that this place does seem to be better organized. The space seems better laid out, and the staff seems a lot friendlier here. Well, honestly I haven't had anyone be mean to me at the Tempe store, but the people here were just super helpful when I was trying to pick out jeans. I went to the fitting room like three different times trying on different sizes, and they very helpful trying to help me sort out what I had already tried on and what I needed to bring in with me. If you're looking for more designer labels, I'd say Tempe is the better bet. I was looking for dress/work pants, and there were a few more here. It could have just been that way this weekend, but in general, you shouldn't come here looking for a good slack or dress pant score. These stores mainly have jeans in their pants area. It's worth checking out if you haven't been before.
2	To be honest, this place sucks so much as compared to how it used to be. Like all vintage clothing stores, you have to dig through piles of crap to find that one diamond in the rough. Buffalo Exchange is no longer like that store. Now, you just dig through garbage and getting nothing out of it but a grimy feel and a fetid stench of indigence on your hands. I also found out, after selling some clothing here that Their selection here just sucks.The only thing that's generally alright is their shoe selection. I got a pretty sweet pair of Nikes for $30.
4	Upscale thrift store?  Seems like an oxy moron to me, but whatever.I purchased 6 items:* 2 dresses, both still with tags on them* 2 pairs of shorts* 2 tank/halter tops, one was BCBG Max AzriaAll for $80.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  I love that you can bring in your gently used clothes and sell or get store credit.  I'm a fan!
3	I've shopped here for years and the selection has, over time, remained pretty good. I buy stuff here for $17 that isn't available new in Phoenix and that I would have to pay $90 for online. Usually, that makes it worth dealing with the legions of 20' something indie whoreskanks who frequent the place. I would say about 2/3rd's of the staff are friendly and helpful and the other 3rd suffer from "I think I have a cooler job than I do" syndrome. Overall, not a bad place.
5	Just picked up a Banana Republic silk dress for $19.00 and a sweet little dress-new, with tags still on- from White House | Black Market for $18.00.  Two awesome finds!!  Whoot Whoot!
2	Let me just say that, despite what you may have been lead to believe, I am not that cool. I still think Alanis Morissette is cool. I still wear black and pink sometimes. That is how uncool I am. I am not cool, and will probably never be cool, by the exacting standards of Buffalo Exchange. I know this. I knew this. But I cleaned out my closet and ended up with a stack of mostly designer duds that no longer made me feel fancy... it was time for me to brave the arctic wilderness of shirts with pearl snap buttons and dresses with cowboy boots that is Buffalo Exchange.I see that some reviewers are a little insecure about their coolness. "They didn't take my stuff! I hate them!", or, "I didn't have enough body mods to be considered an indie badass! Eff those heartless hipster drones!" Listen, dudes. Who really cares what some icy jerk at Buffalo Exchange thinks about you, or thinks about your clothes? I already know that I am not cool enough for Buffalo Exchange. That is why I was stolid and unsurprised to receive little more than a dismissive grunt from any of the buyers/sales staff working there today. Actually, one of them did call me "honey" at one point. I liked that. While the gentleman at the "buy" counter was perusing my stuff, I wandered around and saw a lot of cute things, some outrageously priced and others, very reasonable. I saw a few shirts that I've purchased at Last Chance over the last 6 months hanging on the racks there, for triple what I bought them for. I also saw some cute designer shoes, jeans, and dresses at prices that are truly a steal and a half. Really cute accessories, too. I had to use major restraint in that department. They took, like, 3 items out of the multitude of junk that I hauled over there. I wasn't itchin' for a fix or trying to pay a bill or needing to buy baby formula or whatever other reason there is that people might complain about the amount they're receiving for their clothes. I took my sweet $16.50 in trade, and peaced. Was anybody nice to me? Not really. Did that make me feel bad? Nope! Avoid Buffalo Exchange if you have a fragile ego, and if inscrutable, potentially unfriendly facial expressions bother you. If you're just there for the deals, and couldn't care less about the trappings, you will probably spend $20 on something cute and go home and feel a little bit cooler.
3	My visiting friend loves thrift stores, consignment stores and the like and asked me to pull over to such establishments several times during the tour I was giving her of the Valley. So several times during her visit, I took on one of the roles to which the males have been sentenced: waiting in patience as the female gives in to her gathering instincts. At this particular store, though, the waiting wasn't so bad. The store is big, well-organized, and had friendly staff and lots of nice clothes that were priced to be quite easy on the wallet; so I ended up buying a few items myself. You'll probably spend less at most thrift stores, but I found better quality and more unique designs here.
2	The only reason I come here....it's closer to me than the one in Tempe.Otherwise, I would recommend the Tempe BE. The quality of clothes are better & the prices are better. I actually see no-name brand shirts with tags from Ross priced at like $14. Umm, I'd rather go to Ross and pay $7 for the shirt. The jean prices are a little higher here as well. And less sale items.
3	I like Buffalo Exchange. They are always on the right wave of trend at any given time. I'm a sucker for their sunglasses/fake glasses selection. Everyone that works here is usually really nice :) The selection is pretty good, the only downside is that the store seems to be getting more pricey over the years.. let's not forget this is USED items please :) But they have great buyers, and even though they buy very few of my items they do take the best things :)
3	I can remember going to B.E. back when I lived in Tucson, and loving the location right by the U of A  because it had all the reject clothing sold by the out-of-state college kids with trust funds - or at least that's what I thought in high school! They do have some unique fashions - at times, which is just simply the hit-or-miss beauty of thrift store shopping. I am going to hit this review with two views: 1) briefly as a buyer/shopper ... and 2) a seller. 1) BUYER:I am a thrift store-obsessed shopper. I don't really consider BE much of a thrift store though. The prices are a little outrageous for the items. If you know your labels - often times they will sell certain brands close to what they cost in the actual store. For the most part, I like their jeans and jewelry. The jewelry is some of the best one-of-a-kind stuff I have seen, and I think people overlook it! I do like browsing occasionally if I am in the area, and found that the Tempe location has more of the funky items I dig. *******Keep this in mind when you are shopping: these are clothes people didn't want anymore - USUALLY FOR A REASON. The zipper doesn't stay up on the jeans, the button on the back of the dress is a little tight, the shoes are a little uncomfortable in one place, itchy tag, etc. - just be weary of this when you are trying things on! 2) SELLER:I just looked at the BE website, and its weird they don't have anything listed on what % they give for trade/ cash. But from what I remember, you get 50% back in trade (store credit) for what they are selling for the item, OR 35% in cash back. Trade is good if you like shopping there, but I usually get the CASH!! The average item sold is about $15, so you would get $7.50 in trade or $5 in cash. Don't quote me on that - I'm not exactly sure!  I admit, selling clothes at BE makes me feel a bit judged, a bit exposed. These clothes (that I don't usually wear anyway) are somewhat a reflection of my style - or what my style was years ago ... which does leave me feeling a bit vulnerable. About a week ago, I went in there with a box of stuff that I was sure they would take - blue jeans and shoes. They took all but a pair of jeans that had been a bit worn at the bottom and a pair of grey retro Saucony's ... is that brand not cool anymore? Who knew? Anyhoo, I walked away with my $75 bucks and felt pretty good. Anyway, while I sat there waiting for about 30 minutes watching the disgruntled sellers in front of me leave with their bags of clothes and maybe $5 of trade in their pockets, I decided to write this to help people decide what to bring to BE and what to donate to their little sister/brother or Salvation Army:- Jeans: they will always buy jeans no matter the season. They don't need to be extremely designer labeled - they will take levi's, mossimo (target), refuge (charlotte russe) all the way up to true religion and AG adriano goldshmied jeans (my favorite) ... if they are a good color/cut. Above-the-waist jeans offering a raindrop ass need not apply. Capri's are questionable... - Sandals: This is Arizona, we wear sandals year-round. Even if we shouldn't. You always know that ASU idiot wearing a pair of rainbows while it's raining - because they are quite possibly the only shoes they own! BE will always take sandals, they just don't want them to have the footy prints left in them. - Dresses: Never seem to be turned down when I bring these in. Don't usually get much money for them though. What NOT to bring & attempt to sell:- Small sizes/clothes that shrunk: I guess I am lucky that I am a tall, well-proportioned person since they usually take my clothes based on the "average" size of them. Don't bring that size 2 or 4 denim skirt you don't fit into, since no one else can fit into it either! - Jackets/Sweaters: They seem to take some in the early fall, but never like to stock up much on jackets - this is a "duh" for AZ! I've noticed they will take blazers over jackets though!- Worn Clothes vs. "Gently Used": Worn out clothes belong at the thrift store. Gently used clothes (i.e. you bought this at a Banana Republic killer sale but you NEVER wore it... or wore it once and the tag was super itchy*...  You need to understand that each of these young hipster buyers have sales sheets, where the company tracks how well their selected items sell. If they buy back too much, they get spanked or something. Also, to the two 18 year-old girls that brought 2 trash bags full of Abercrombie and Hollister clothes from your preteen years... thank you for wasting their time and all of us that had to painfully watch them sort through your junk.
4	Went in on a Thursday afternoon. Found enough cute stuff to try on for at least three trips to the fitting rooms -- and brought home a full bag of goodies for under $100. Also, staff was super friendly. I'll definitely go back.
4	I can almost always find something fan-fuckin-tastic for less than half the price it'd be in it's original store.
1	I've been selling at Buffalo for several years now, and while sometimes I walk away with a pocket of cash and others not so much, I've learned how to judge pretty well what they're looking for (seasonal items, condition, etc). After a good closet cleaning, I decided to bring a couple of bags of what I thought worthy down to BE. Let's see, after scrutinizing most pieces for a good 2 minutes, asking other sales associates to look things over, etc, I was able to sell five items - three with tags still attached. Guess how much "cash" they offered me? TEN DOLLARS. Ten dollars for FIVE items. Ten dollars for 2 dresses, 2 new tops, and 1 new belt. Are you freaking kidding me? What a rip! That means, if ten dollars is 35% of the trade, all five items will retail for a total combined cost of what, less than $35? What a total scam. Silly me was so shocked I just took my joke of a trade and left, but now I'm kicking myself for not demanding an itemized receipt to see what my items will "really" retail (cause they sure as hell won't only cost a combined $35).Also, I brought in this gorgeous yellow 100% silk dress purchased at Anthro for over $100, and they said that if I dry cleaned it and brought it back (to remove 2 TINY spots on the bottom hem of the dress) they would purchase it from me - for SEVEN DOLLARS. So I'll spend $8 to dry clean it and then sell it for $7? Silly me but that just doesn't seem to add up. Seriously, Buffalo, stop ripping people off. You just look like a jerk. People, if you're not worried so much about the money aspect and are just looking for a change in wardrobe, organize a Frock Swap with a huge group of friends. You're bound to find way cooler items for no cost at all, and it's super fun to boot. Or, if you are worried about money, consign with other shops (for example, My Sister's Closet), but sure as hell don't do business here.
1	Awful.The selection still consists mostly of t-shirts from the 90s and out of style clothing. Yet, when I bring in my VERY RECENTLY purchased designer clothes to sell to them--- they take nothing. Hmmm... someone needs to take a second look at how they manage their inventory.Today I went there for the last time. I brought a never-worn Banana Republic cashmere sweater, T-bags dress, JCrew dress, and new CHLOE dress (among other very good, wintery items) that the girl at the counter didn't take. She was about 18 and obviously wasn't trained to recognize good merchandise!! That's just lost money for them... considering they mark up what they buy from you by about FOUR TIMES as much as what they gave you for it.I suggest My Sister's Closet.
2	I miss the glory days of Buffalo.  Ten years ago while I was in high school, (gawd. I feel old) this used to be my favorite store.  It was a great place to find unique/alternative clothing at a decent price.  Better yet, I was apparently a stylish young thang because whenever I cleaned out my closet and took it here, I would get at least $65 in store credit to get some new digs.  These days,  I feel like Buffalo relies more heavily on the brand than they used to.  Its not uncommon to find used jeans here for $60 or jackets for $45 - all because of the label.  I'm sure its still a great bargain, its just not "nice thrift store" that I grew up on.  Its also become increasingly difficult to sell my clothing here - if I bring them 10 items, I'm lucky if they take one.  They need to figure out a way to improve their line to sell stuff.  I went in last night and there were 6 people already waiting with ONE employee "buying" things.  I knew I actually wanted to look at clothes before I had to make dinner, so I threw my bag of stuff I wanted to sell in the car and just went inside to shop.  They need some kind of number system where I can shop AND still have my place in line. *pours a forty for the "old" Buffalo*
4	More grownup than their Tempe college location (logo T shirt mania).  As my style evolves with age, I sell alot better here than there.
3	It's a consignment store--so it can be pretty hit or miss in terms of selection. There's definitely some crap here, so be prepared to dig. A bit more grown-up and less brand-obsessed than the Tempe location. Great accessories selection here. Can't comment on the buying, but definitely seems like some of the other reviewers take a bit of a bruising to their egos during the selling process. Considering the typical outfit worn by the employees here involves a romper, cowboy boots, and a tutu, I wouldn't take it too personally that your Cole Haan jacket wasn't bought by the store. Come here to shop on the cheap, not to sell.
4	So I normally go to the one in Tempe and decided to go to this one. I see a lot of comparisons between the two so I wanted to see the difference. And quite frankly, I'm not sure what they are talking about. Both of them seemed to have generally the same stuff. Good clean store, but as the Tempe location is closer, I will continue to go to that store instead.
3	it's close to me and i just exchanged a bunch of clothes i was gonna donate anyway and got a cool bag, tank and awesome bottle cap earrings. staff were friendly. it's great to go during the week not the weekend if you plan on selling or trading your duds.
5	i live within walking distance of this buffalo exchange. i walked there last month because i was bored and had nothing to do and wanted to check it out. i had never been to a BE before. i love it!!!!! i got two pairs of shorts, two shirts, a vest, and a purse for $70! the most expensive thing was the purse for $20. the shorts were $7-8 and shirts $5-10. it's amazing!! i love the vintage look and they have a very large selection. all the employees have super cute styles and are nice. they aren't extremely attentive but honestly i would rather be left alone so that i can shop! love it there. awesome jewelry also!
2	It's a consignment shop, so it's always going to be hit or miss inventory wise, but what I'm far more concerned about is the staff. It's totally OK if you want to employ angry hipsters exclusively but just make sure they're *somewhat* congenial. I counted at least four stink eyes during my last visit for seemingly innocent offenses ranging from knocking a pair of jeans off their cheap clippy hangers to putting a pair of Dr. Martens back on the shelf two spots down from where I grabbed them. C'mon, man. I'm sure people commit much more egregious fouls.I'll keep going back because I love the thrill of the hunt but I won't do so expecting to be charmed.
3	This place has changed since the high school years, yes that is for sure. Although, I suppose I have too and what I would be caught wearing is a little different than it was back in the day. I am also no longer a size 4, so maybe that is a factor.  That being said it is a consignment store. So hunting is required. This is not The Loft, or Dillards, or Target. You can't just expect to walk in and everything be put in a neat, cute orderly display. So if you are willing to hunt then there are some deals to be found; however, you must be a shopper that knows her product in order to get a deal here.   They are selling random clothes that have sold to them that the original owner got at Ross. And they are selling most of them USED for nearly the same price you would get them for at Ross NEW.  So keep an eye out for that. But as long as you know (at least relatively well) your brands, your tags from other stores, and your prices you should be just fine here. As far as the staff is concerned, I have run into in the past the unreasonably snooty teenage to 20 something punk (reverse stereotyping I guess....don't worry kids, I used to think people going around wearing stuff from The Gap were square too...then I became one)  Frankly these attitudes are the reason I have not been back in ages, but I had a gift certificate I had to use up and the budget was tight, so hey free shopping day!  I must say that the staff today was quite pleasant. Everyone I encountered was smiling, nice, accommodating, and had something freaky called a personality!I still would not put this store high on my list, unless I needed something a lil different. I will stick to my Ross if I want it cheap... But for the most part it looks like Buffalo, albeit much pricier than I remember, and less "wearable" choices than teenage me thought they had, is actually trying to be a little more customer service oriented than in the past.  So hey, go for it! Just be prepared to hunt!
3	While I still really like Buffalo, they are getting a little to corporate for me.  They have their own clothing line, and charge way too much for those pieces.  Also the prices of most of the other clothes have gone way up.  A lot of the shirts are over $20, which seems a bit high for pre-worn items.  They have great and unique jewelry so if you're looking for a fun piece, deff check it out.  If you don't mind spending quite a bit of time searching, you can find some good stuff - though it will take work.
4	always a good selection of clothing.  a great place to people watch too LOL
5	New year, new clothes, time to update my closet.  A great way to sell some clothes for cash is at Buffalo Exchange.  They give you 33% for the value of the clothes or 50% for in store credit.  The staffs are so friendly.  I just love the store that doesn't smell like something died like other consignment stores.
3	I like perusing Buffalo Exchange, but, whenever I bring some clothes in for store credit, I end up disappointed. They seem to give you very little credit for good items, and they are very picky. So I clean out my closet, take it to Buffalo Exchange, and come back with 3/4ths of the stuff. Discouraged, I set it on my floor and it sits there making my room dirty for months.I would suggest going in to trade during an off time (not a weekend) when there will be less people trading. They may spend more time looking at your items. They also prefer the items to be in season, so don't clean out your sundresses until May-ish if you don't want to have to bring them back home.
1	I am officially boycotting this joint.  I have been shopping here for over 15 years. It was a really cool re-sale store where you good find some nice pieces for a decent price. They now have thrift store quality clothes at retail prices. My last few times in there I spent an hour or so shopping and left empty handed, waste of time, the only decent things I found were way over priced. They need to hire buyers with a better fashion sense, and that don't all look and dress the same.
1	I'm with the reviewer from 1-4.  I've been shopping at BE since i was a kid in the 70's and after yesterday, I'm done.  I went in on Saturday and spent a couple hours, purchasing over $200 of clothes. Turns out one of the shirts I bought had 2 huge holes down the middle of the back, unsewable and totally unwearable.  I went back Sunday to see if I could return it for store credit and to trade in several bags of my old clothing.  Long story short; one of the managers gave me a really hard time about returning the shirt, as it had been half off, and she treated me like a total jerk for asking her to work with me, and acted like she was doing me the biggest favor in the world by accepting the return.  She was pretty snotty and rude.  THEN, when it was my turn to trade, a nice guy began helping me, and had accepted a couple of my things, and things seemed fine.  Said manager showed up, elbowed the guy out of the way, and began going through my items herself.  She purchased ONE item out of several large bags and sent me on my way.  It was an incredible blatant FU to me for "forcing her hand" when it came to my return.  What grade are we in again?  I am still amazed that this even happened.  What a great manager!  I bet her employees really enjoy working for her.  It's too bad, I found lots of clothes I loved, but I'll stick to other businesses, like My Sister's Closet and whatnot, where the employees are nice and don't sell clothes that can't be worn.
4	I recently scored a pair of Marc Ecko Jeans, a "Fight Visual Pollution" graphic tee, a studded leather wrist band and a black bow tie all for $27 bucks - WOWZA!  I really like bow ties and I can hardly wait to wear this one out to an event or maybe even the cinema.  Until then, I'll wear it in the privacy of my home while sipping on a filthy martini and flipping through my old vinyl records.
3	Buffalo has a special place in my heart since I used to shop at the 7th street and Glendale location as a kid  (before the Safeway shopping center).  But I was never hard core enough to shop at the Tempe one - that was too punk rock for me.Anyways, I love stopping in for browsing. I'm one of the people that only wishes they could pull off looks from here.  But that would require some level of creativity and fashion sense.  2 things I have very little of.  But I have managed to find good jeans and sunglasses.They really have some funky things, but you should definitely try them on and inspect things with a close eye. Holes and stains abound here - and I can't understand how they make it past the buyers.  They never hardly buy anything I bring in and that is in pristine condition.  Maybe it has more to do with the fact that my wardrobe reflects the deficiencies noted above.  Still - there should be a quality element to the "buying process" too.Definitely worthy of a frequent stop in - I'm glad I found one in MPLS to browse, it alleviates any home -sickness.
3	I can find some good items here every now and then....some of the employees I could do without.
4	I write this review strictly as a seller, as I never come here solely to buy, always to sell and sometimes to trade. If you trade in items, you will get 35% of the retail price in cash or 50% in trade credit, period. The young ladies who run the shop are razor sharp and know the tastes of their shoppers. The store has an interesting selection of accessories and clothing, the quality of which runs the gamut from cute cheap Chinese crap to OMG is this really $15 superior quality items. Look and look often because inventory turns over and fast. If you want a quick hit of something unique or need to offload some extra items, make a beeline for this place. It's environmentally responsible and they have a donation program for local nonprofit agencies. This is NOT a thrift store, so leave that notion at home. It's a secondhand shop that thinks like a consignment store. You pay a little more than a thrift store but you have a much greater chance of finding something fantastic in pristine condition.
1	I started shopping at Buffalo Exchange over 30 years ago, and their offerings have gotten worse over time.  They used to have an outstanding selection of vintage clothing, and now it seems there is a lot of newer JUNK.  I have been completely unsuccessful when it comes to selling, so I don't even try anymore because I get insulted when I am offered $6 for a $200 item, and do not understand their reasoning for why they don't think most of my things will sell--yet, there is an amazing amount of REALLY UGLY STUFF on the racks.  I think the salespeople and "buyers" are very ignorant about fashion.  All one has to do is look at how they dress...like bag people. 3/30/13TELL YOUR CONDESCENDING MANAGER TO WASH HIS HAIR AND TAKE A SHOWER.  Just because you are promoting the alternative lifestyle, doesn't mean customers won't be offended by filthy, uncombed hair and such a slovenly presentation. GROSS!!! FINALLY GIVING UP ON THIS JOKE OF A PLACE :P
1	I'm writing this review purely as a seller. So I am a total shopaholic!  I guess that's what happens when you work in the industry.  Anyways, I cleaned out my closet and came here and they literally took 1 pair of jeans out of maybe 40-50 items.  I mostly brought in some old work clothes from Banana Republic and just some odds and ends that no longer fit.  This place is solely for indy/punky/trendy, which they do make quite clear so they are what they say they are which is good.  Makes me kind of wonder how many people buy and sell back the same items though...
4	Loved this place; completely full of rack after rack of steeply discounted tops and dresses. There's even a little vintage section in the corner, and a 50% off rack. There were some great designers brands here too, Betsey Johnson, J Crew, etc. I didn't have enough time to look over the jewelry, but the sunglasses selection was big and had some awesome retro duds.
4	Buffalo, you are a friend to all the young people around. I think all teenagers and young people love Buffalo. You never know what you will find here.Then there is the other crowd that love The Buffalo Exchange.The 40 and over crowd!!! You know who you are.....My girlfriend will go to Nordstroms, Saks, Macy's , Cache and spends way too much $$$. She likes those Credit cards you know.But, then some days she will go to Buffalo Exchange, because, as she says ,you never know what cool thing you might find.Her most favorite Item  from here is a Black T-shirt That says," Mary is my Home Girl".If she could ever find another she would be over the Moon ,as they say.She finds little things there whenever she goes. Of course She takes our clothes in to sell as well. But, she always finds something for herself or her Granddaughter, or someone.Halloween costumes she says should always be looked at first at Buffalo.Anyway, it is a clean store, lots of parking, nice people working here. Plus, you can buy ,sell ,or trade!
1	Ok, don't get me wrong I have found some unique stuff here, but that was years ago. Now I feel like I'm shopping at a target outlet with awful customer service. Half of the clothes there were shirts from target, and they were maybe 2 dollars cheaper than they were new, which is a bummer when you go in looking for something fun and creative and unique for a good price. On another note, the customer service just plain sucked. I don't go in expecting much, but for them to be rude is just such a turn off from the store. I want to love this store, but lately it just seems like a joke. I won't be giving them my business anymore.
2	The prices here are crap. Seriously. They overcharge like crazy for their items, and I can't really understand why. Pants from low-brand names are still running like $20 here... you may as well go to Ross and at least buy them new (although last season). The attitude of the front-desk folk is obnoxious and so self-serving and judgemental. You don't even get looked at when you walk in, unless your a hot "hipter" type male dude, which I am not. I tried on two dresses, both of which were a little tattered, over $15 dollars, and had the weirdest cuts and shapes ever (although the fabric was nice).The jewelry sections is just pieces of wood strung together with a $14.00 pricetag. Not going here again. Back to Ross/Rack/Last chance.
3	I love shopping here but there are a few major things about it that turn me off. If you're looking to sell here, I warn you that they are extremely picky. And what they do take they won't give you much money for. Last time I was here they tried to give me $5 for a brand new juicy couture dress. And if you go through their clothes that they are selling you will find stuff the looks like a craft project, and pajama shirts thay look like they came from goodwill. However, if you're willing to dig through the crap you will almost always find something awesome.
2	Meh, I am over it. Buffalo Exchange is cool and hip but c'mon the prices are unreasonable. They will only give you a couple of bucks for the entire bag of clothes you want to sell. Not impressed. Take your gently used designer clothes elsewhere for a better price. Sure, I like the selection of accessories (earrings, necklaces, sunglasses, etc.) at this location. But then, why would I pay $12 for something I could buy at the mall brand new? hmph. Watch for broken zippers, ripped seams, missing sequins and/or beads. Granted, folks are friendly here. The place is tidy and store displays might inspire your next fashion ensemble. I'd say, unless you are looking for that 'IT' item I would skip this joint and move on to the next. Bottom line: know your brands and know their worth whether buying OR selling before you seal the deal.
4	Okay, I'm so not as cool and hip as the people who regularly shop and work here are...but I feel almost as cool as them when I do shop here. Haha. This play is pretty cool. My wife sells clothes here all the time. We went here today actually and she got about $70 in store credit. I got a couple of shirts. Nice shirts too!Last time she sold some clothes, she got about $80. She got me some clothes then too, haha. I feel bad using her credit. :PPeople here are nice, some of the workers have that attitude thing going on. But it's probably because they're too cool for school.
2	Ok, so most of what people are saying about Buffalo Exchange is true. They don't buy what you think they should buy, they look like they think they are better than you, and no their store isn't amazing. But you need to be honest and look at what is really going on. First, it is a thrift store, they aren't going to pay you what you paid for the item. Second, they are buying what they think their customers will buy (really it is what THEY like and would buy so look at who is sorting your stuff). Third, they work at...Buffalo Exchange...that is their level, so the little bit of power to either accept or reject you IS their big moment and they take is seriously.Walk in there expecting your "rags" to be rejected and when one gets accepted be excited for your $5. I watched who shopped there, it was NOT cool, young, hip, or thin people. And I watched them sort through bags of middle aged women's clothing and buy some stuff I would never wear. Then I watched them reject True Religion jeans and some very expensive career pants. They won't wear that and they feel their customers won't either. It isn't personal, at least for you it shouldn't be, they aren't rejecting you, just your cool, expensive, designer clothes.
3	I love the concept of this place, and the selection of clothing, shoes, and accessories are always unique and fun.My gripe?They rarely take anything I bring in and the cash value is never worth it. I have much better luck at other shops of similar nature, so I'm not sure if its my timing or what. I am definitely more of a seller than a buyer, so this store unfortunately is just okay for me.If you like finding treasures, I highly recommend stopping by frequently. I have found some amazing designer shoes and jeans here.But if you're looking for quick cash, don't get your hopes up.Some of the staff is awesome, especially Emily!!! Other staff members, I sometimes question their buying process. I once watched them pass on an amazing designer bag which I then bought in the parking lot from the disgruntled seller for a smokin deal!! Their loss was definitely my gain that day!
4	I forever have a pleasant experience at this location. I do better at the goodwill price wise most times but if I want to find something really unique and hip I come here. I love the selection of hats, bags, scarves, and jewelry. They always have a great rotation of cute clothes and knickknacks. My favorite things to buy here are tops, jewelry, and scarves once it is cool enough to wear them. I love the dresses also but the sizing is always just a little off... Sometimes I find good jeans. Sometimes.
1	I felt the buyer I encountered today was very uninformed, unqualified and quite frankly rude in his opinions of the brand of clothing I had brought in. I don't care if you buy the whole bag or none of it, that decision alone should suffice. I also don't care to know what you personally think about the design aesthetic of a brand. After so many years of exemplary service in both the sales and buying departments it annoys me to see the tittle of buyer handed out to whomever.
3	I've been here hundreds of times and each time is hit or miss. This one is ran by young hipsters that often have good taste. I personally dress more conservatively than they tend to buy though so it's sometimes a fight for me to find anything, especially for work. I suggest you bring everything you have to sell, even if you think it won't sell. You'd be surprised at what they buy. If it doesn't sell one time, just bring it back and try again later. I exclusively use buffalo credits. Honestly I like the one in Tempe best though.
5	I love this store! They have this, that & the I other items you didn't know that you needed! Last time I was in I found the sickest belt buckles ever.
5	Loved how organized the shoes were and that they had a separate section for vintage clothes!  Everyone I came into contact with was super nice and friendly.  I am glad I stopped in while visiting phoenix.
1	I am a longtime shopper at buffalo exchange and I must say, this location is terrible. Staff is unfriendly, selection is awful & they never seem to buy any of the quality clothing that I bring in. I am done shopping here, completely over it.
5	This is the coolest place in the valley.They have the best variety if you are a hiphop head, hippy, or headbanger they have the gear for you. It's like First Friday everdyday in this store. If you decide to sell anything make sure you are patient and just enjoy the view.
5	Name brands and styles in decent shape for great price
5	It's pricey, but you're investing in quality products and garments. I've been here twice while in Phoenix, and have ordered some products online. They carry great names, and have some solid styles. Most importantly, the guys working there are sincere and patient. You're never pressured to purchase, but you're likely to walk out with something.
2	I wish i could give higher rating. Not comparable to buffalo exchange in alb. Nm. The women there usually are very sparse in choosey with the clothes. I have brought true religion jeans they turned down. 200 + jeans in perfect condition. I say go to other stores that buy sell trade. They might offer more. They did for me. $$$
2	Eh, pretty typical for the people at Buffalo Exchange to be kind of rude.  They just have a "can't be bothered" attitude.  Maybe it's just the culture of the company (the one in Tempe being the only exception so far).  They weren't particularly rude, but not very friendly either.  The sellers went through my clothes fairly quickly, not even bothering to strike up a conversation with me.  The lady helping me asked me one question, and squinched up her nose when I answered.  I guess I wasn't "cool" enough for her or something.  Whatever.
2	Honestly I gotta say I love this store. They take designer labels and they give you a decent amount of pay if you trade your stuff. What I didn't like of going to the store today was one associates' attitude. I believe her name was Erica. There was a Louis Vuitton bag and I took a look at and and told me it was vintage. I took a look at it and by looking at the outside and the date code on the inside I was able to tell it was a 90's speedy. She started to give me attitude and told me it was a 70's bag. I tried to explained how the date codes worked for LV and began to argue and talk over me. Until I had about enough I told her to not get mad and explained that the bags from the 70s had no date codes, 80s has only three digits and 90's had four digits (which was what the bag had.) Overall if a customer who has collected and sold Louis Vuitton items over ten years and is showing you on his phone a guide to My Poupette (one of LV's biggest authentication dealers) on how to date codes were created, be nice and polite. At the end of the day, the associate makes minimum wage while I make an hour of her earnings in 8 minutes, lose the attitude and be glad you are lucky to have a job
3	Went in to sell but they were only looking for bohemian and patterned type clothing, of which I don't own. Was offered $2 on a &$20 dress, not worth the long wait to me-but maybe for someone with a lot of their style clothing. Meh, oh well... I'll be back to browse!
4	No Crossroads Trading here? But hey, Buffalo Exchange is comparable and I think I may have fallen in love. Sorry CT! :XTbh I'm not a color wearing type of gal, I'm into sheer, crochet, meshy clothing in monochromatic shades of Black, Grey or White. So I found myself right at home when I saw how lovely the staff here were dressed up, hip and looking ready for Coachella-chic while all looking effortless of course!Found some great items most of which were 50% off and there were a lot of good deals on the racks, but I made do without them. Spotted AA Riding Pants for $18, seriously what? Probably would've but with this 100 degree weather, probably smart I left that one alone.I love that they carry almost everything here, accessories, great designer bags (marc by marc jacobs), women's and men's clothing and shoes.Great staff, from the girl working the fitting rooms to the girl who rung me up. Informative, friendly and well dressed. Can't wait to come back here and sell some of my stuff, they accept accessories too which is different from CT's buying policy. I love it! 50% in trade and 35% in cash, great deal!
2	Mixed feelings about this one. Most of the time I go in and find a group of nice, helpful employees and a great selection of unique clothing items that can't be found anywhere else.However, I stopped in last week and experienced something totally different. I  walked in with a few bags of clothing in my hands that I intended to sell. There were two middle aged men behind the counter who barely looked up from their conversation to tell me to go sit down and they'd call me when they were ready. I sat and listened to them chat to their friend and, oh boy, these guys were snobs! One was talking about how he would judge anyone who shopped at Kohl's (seriously), the other agreed that he preferred only designer clothing. I found this ironic, as when I was shopping around I noticed that the quality of the clothing seemed to have went downhill - from cute, unique pieces to standard "fauxhemian" goodwill buys. For the first time, I couldn't find a thing I actually liked. They ended up not taking any of the pieces I brought in, which wasn't surprising considering the kind of clothing they were currently selling. I think I'll be sticking to the tempe location after this disaster of an experience!
4	This place is sneaky. They entice you in with their awesome second hand clothes and fun atmosphere and the next thing you know your plan of only looking today turns into buying 3 cute outfits, some shoes, jewelry, and more.  Every time I come here the staff is very friendly eager to help and even let the kid I was watching use the bathroom under supervision. The deals are great and I enjoy using the clothing exchange.
