3	So I was in Montreal visiting the In laws...I thought it would be nice to take them to a nice dinner...I researched many Steakhouses The one with the best reveiws was Queue de Cheval but got poopooed cause it was too costly so we ended up at Du Vieux Port....no parking so we had to find a place on the street... thenwalk in below zero temps to get to the restuarant... (-1star I hate the cold and having to manage not slipping on patchs of ice did not put me in the best of moods)as soon as we walked in we were greeted but a blast of warm air =) and french =(  we had reservations and were promted seated at a lovely window sit... the room felt like you were dinning in a fancy dining room in someone's house... very warm and cozy...and yet upscale and romantic ...the room kinda raises your expectations of the food =(In a party of 6, 5 of us got steaks... mine was the pepper steak... but it didn't taste different then my husbands bone in rib eye  or my mother in laws prime rib or my father in laws New york steak =/  all the steaks came with a 1/2 cup of mashed potatoes and  grilled tomato, onions,  summer squash. They were all very tender but the fact they all tasted the same was disappointing to me =( Brother in law had the Santa fe chicken or something like that it looked good but i didn't try it.for a party of 6  the tab came to $275 US  w/ wine and tip.for almost $50 person it was no Ruth Chris'
4	Bon jour, hello.  I was wandering around Montreal and thought it was time for a little wine and lunch.  I popped in, had a glass of sparkling and ordererd the salmon.  The restaurant was fairly empty.  My lunch was really good, maybe not so memorable but I have my photo to help me remember.  I do remember liking the rice in the middle of the plate.  I also remember a table full of business men drinking grappa at a nearby table and I wanted to join them so badly.  But I refrained.
4	First off, what a gorgeous restaurant! This place is a nice getaway from the hustle and bustle of the touristy old port. The wait staff was friendly and attentive and they accommodated our huge dinner party.This may be a steak house but its owned by Greeks and it reflects in their menu.We started with the Pikilia, a hearty variety of seafood and vegetables and a perfect start to dinner. The salad came next and it wasn't the most fantastic but it was nice and refreshing. The waiter was kind enough to let me alter my main course, perfectly grilled salmon with sauteed greens and garlic mash. One word of caution, this place is huge and I did get lost coming back from the washroom but I didn't mind because the restaurant was decorated so beautifully.
3	MEH. 2 1/2 stars but I'll upgrade it to 3 only because the waitress was nice. So this is me being nice back. You're welcome.I was visiting old montreal for the second time and I was jonesing for buffalo steaks so we stumbled upon this place. I was with a friend, and we weren't dressed fancy but the restaurant wasnt all fancy either and I was appaled they gave us crappy seats upstairs, all the way in the back, next to the brick wall next to some weird crook in the corner with crappy paint. Please, why don;t you just seat us in the bathroom and we'll use the toilet as the table.I ordered the buffalo steak and oh my god, I swear I think it was a normal t-bone and charged me $30 for it. Thank god we ordered a bottle of wine so I was too drunk to notice how mediocre the food was. great service, blah food, too pricey and crappy seats. Not a fan, not coming back. thanks
4	The food was very good.  The service was a bit disappointing.  The server seemed rushed and inattentive.  I had red snapper which was the fish of the day and Joel had chicken and shrimp.  The restaurant was beautiful and had a wood burning fireplace.
3	I went there last weekend as part of the Happening Gourmand event. The place was packed for a 3 course meal, 23$ deal. We were a large party but our waiter was outstanding and patient. Food was good and quite frankly, the restaurant was better than expected as I thought at first that this was a tourist trap. Not a bad place!
4	Had a wonderful lunch here.This place is a bit of a puzzle to me.  It kind of screams lite classy atmosphere yet hosts a steak and hockey thing for Canadiens games.  Odd but I like it.I had a bit of surf and turf here.  Went with the NY Strip and scallops.  The steak was cooked to perfection, as were the scallops.  There was also a garlic mash as well which went terrific with the meat.  The waiter was awesome, and attentive.  All in all a great lunch, but I'd love to go for a game.
4	A couple of my friends and I took a road trip from Toronto to Montreal. Our hotel was in the heart of Vieux Montreal and one freezing night we decided to try this place out. I was pleasantly surprised by the warm and welcoming decor since a "hockey day" was advertised outside. We were seated next to a fireplace and had a nice view of the street. As we waited for the food we were brought a plate of delicious hot bread. The bread had a crunchy top and a soft, steaming middle and was a perfect little pick me up before the meal. Here are the dished my friends and I ordered:1) Tuna Steak with Asparagus and a small side salad: The tuna was pretty good, but I've had better. Most of the asparagus was done well except for one bigger piece which was a bit tough. My favorite part was the side salad which came with an amazing dressing. 2)  Lobster and Steak: my friend really liked it and finished off the entire plate. A pretty hefty piece of meat and a good sized lobster tail. The butter for the lobster was pretty darn good too. 3) Rack of lamb: Ally seemed to really enjoy it.4) Escargot : these little buggers were served under a giant pile of melted mozarella - what's not to love?The wine list is pretty good as well. However, their glass only selection is quite limited. Not wanting to drop $80 on a bottle of wine for the three of us, our choice of a glass of wine was pretty much already made. Overall, I'm giving this place 3.5 stars, but rounding up because the atmosphere was so cute and the service was pretty fast too!
1	The service was terrible (the host took 5 minutes to acknowledge us when we first came in, waiters kept bumping into our chairs and messing up our orders), the food was mediocre at best (we ordered the NY strip with scallops, and appetizers of pan-seared scallops and crab cakes), the tables were nauseatingly close to one another. There are definitely better places in Montreal than this, skip it.
4	I wasn't quite sure what to expect when reading a fact in my guidebook to Montreal that this restaurant featured three levels and could literally seat hundreds of people.Would this prove to be a land-based cruise ship of bland, ordinary food served en masse? Would people be lining up for slop? Fortunately my exaggerated concerns did not come to fruition. On the contrary, we were seated right by the window with a stunning view of the beauty that is Vieux Montreal. Quite a few happy strollers licking their ice cream cones marked our meal.Upon entering this restaurant , you'll observe fairly dim lighting in a bar area with a flight of stairs leading to the other levels. Yes, there are levels but that's no reason to worry. The overall space is large but each room feels comfortable, cozy and exists in its own self-contained world of carnivore treats.The Table d'hote is a French phrase you should commit to memory. It's a meal with several courses where some of the key components change on a daily basis. Sort of like prix-fixe but with an element of surprise.My $30 dinner consisted of a mesclun salad with a honey dijon dressing, lamb chops and a slice of chocolate mousse cake. (Although technically the menu said "lamb shops". What does a lamb shop for? I won't complete the punch line. )Now the salad was a mere footnote to the delicious lamb chops. Three juicy chops with enough meat on them to satisfy my cravings. Obviously, this is a steakhouse so you could just as easily order Angus pride AAA Canadian beef cuts like t-bone, tenderloin, striploin and bavette steak.Besides the flavor of the lamb chops what sticks in mind most clearly  was the exceptional service. Our waiter had no trouble showing us several lobsters so my wife could identify the perfect specimen. It was like Goldie Locks and the three lobsters-- 2 and 1/4 pounds was just right!The chocolate mousse cake was an enjoyable way to end the meal.There's a traditional cocktail menu as well, mainly of classics without that much experimentation. Think black russians , margaritas and manhattans. The wine list is geographically dispersed with choices from Canada, France, the US, South Africa, Italy and more.If you are staying in Vieux Montreal or just passing through for the day, a stop by the Restaurant du Vieux Montreal is tres bon.
5	If Vieux-Port Steakhouse was a man, I'd hug him, kiss him on both cheeks and smack him on the butt.This place was down right GOOD.Let me set the stage, since I am a writer, and this place just fell into my life like a perfect storybook romance. It was a chilly evening. The sister and her boyfriend and I had spent the day downtown, shopping and milling about. Our hands were filled with shopping bags with tissue exploding over the tops, hugging our purchases tight. We took the metro to Place D'Armes, and as soon as we popped to the surface, I gasped. I LOVE Old Montreal. Truly, outside of Paris, there is nothing better in this world than Old Montreal. Nearly skipping, we walked down the street to the port, and sighed as the boats floated in the water, breathed the cool air in as joggers breezed past us ... but in the distance, the skies were black as night, thunder screaming at us, bolts of lightning shooting over the historical area.Rain began to pour as we turned down Rue St Paul. Boutiques, souvenir shops and restaurants lined the street, each one begging for us to enter. We did, picking up even more shopping bags as we walked. Finally, the rain poured down on the 400 year old cobblestone road and I looked across the street and saw the Vieux Port Steakhouse. So beautiful, so elegant, I knew we had to go in. We were seated right away and just fell in love with the old world ambiance of this multi-level steakhouse. The food was divine (NY strip), the conversation absolutely wonderful and tea and dessert was lovely. We stayed for hours, talking and laughing and watching the downfall of rain, while our waiter checked on us every once in a while, but mostly leaving us alone in the way you want to be visited with every so often but left to your dinner guests. I am counting the days until I can go back to this little slice of steakhouse heaven in the most beautiful place I've ever been. I love you, Vieux Port Steakhouse.
4	Good service. Great filet wrapped with bacon. Good wine selection. Attentive service. Menu selection includes tasty chicken and seafood dishes. Great all around steakhouse with unimaginative name :)
4	Great for a long languid brunch, beautiful interior. Slow on the coffee service but once they know you, it all seems to come together quite nicely. I'm still thinking about the lovely prawns they had available.. Make sure you keep room for desert!
2	My friend and I went on Friday night, the place was busy, but not like crazy busy. We don't have reservation, but we ave no problem getting us a tableServer came after we be seated Brought us some water. Waiter disappeared for good 15 minutes, finally he came back, because he was gone for so long, we wanted to ordered everything, god knows when he will be back, after another 5 minutes, he brought us some bread, it was okay, nothing specialI ordered the ribeye steak, it was just a..ok, not sure why some of the rating is so high here, I been to many steak house all over the world, and this here, blahBut the main problem here is the service During our dinner, our waiter never stop by once and check up on us, and after awhile, I told him I need more water, he said okayAfter another 15 minutes, still my glass is empty, and I saw him opening a wine bottle standing next table, and he saw me, I raised my glass to him, he saw me and pretend he didn't see me, after another 10 minutes, our dinner is finished, he brought me my water, total of 25 minutes of glass of water After dinner, he came and handed us the dessert menu, but we not really in the mood anymore waited so damn long, and he came back, we asked for the check, he brought it to us, and guess what? He disappeared AGAIN! lolNow sitting here talking about it, is kinda funny. So we waited, and we waited...this time he never come back. lolI was upset, so we got up, and about put on our jacket and about to leave, so we finally paid up front, I never seen such terrible service before Never again
3	After a day of marketing meetings and cocktail hour, some of us went out for supper at the Vieux-Port Steakhouse in Old Montreal last night.It's a cute spot in an old building. There were 14 of us and we had no reservation ... we just showed up on someone's recommendation.  They were able to seat us over three tables. I ordered the Rib Steak and garlic mashed potatoes.  It was tender and tasty ... I had ordered it medium-well and it was more medium-rare, though. It is a nice restaurant ... a place to go for a special occasion. Tom took good care of us.
2	Not sure why, but on the iPad Yelp app this restaurant has a *much* lower rating.  Basically, they all say the same thing : awful service.  The steak we had was fine.  But we waited over 30 minutes for each course, and eventually skipped the dessert which was included in our set, because we didn't want to spend the whole night there.  A table of four people was seated beside us, only to leave after 30 minutes of no service whatsoever.  Even when we tried to get out, we had to ask twice for the bill.  At one point in the evening, we did not see our waiter for an hour.  A shame, because the restaurant itself is quite nice, and the food was ok.
5	I had the 3 peppercorn NY style steak, and was quite impressed! The service and ambience were quite great as well. I would definitely recommend it.
2	Since the Keg had an hour wait and I was with 2 grown men who were hungry, we came to Vieux-Port instead. Our waiter was too proud to be serving us, I really don't know how to say it, he never looked us while taking our order and was annoyed that we were even there! My salmon was well cooked, but extremely blend, my fiance's steak was apparently perfectly cooked.
3	My husband and I were engaged in Montreal, and the first night we were ever there as a couple (seven years ago), we decided to head off to dinner Vieux-Port Steakhouse.  It was close to our hotel and I remember we were starving.  To make a long story short, we never had the chance to actually eat there because moments after we sat down, I passed out.  I was probably just hungry and tired, but I ended up just wanting to head back to the hotel.   Dinner there never happened that night. . . but we made sure that it did our first night in Montreal this past weekend!I had scoped out the menu before just to make sure there were some options for vegan, gluten-free me.  It was more important for me to actually go to this restaurant for sentimental purposes rather than for the food, so I was pretty content to just get some sort of salad and maybe a few sides.  Since the menu did feature a vegan salad and some sides I could work with, I was totally content with my options.We arrived and had no trouble being seated immediately (we did make a reservation), despite the fact it was super busy.  We decided to order our food all at once since we were starving at this point.I ordered a house mesclun salad with a Dijon dressing.  As far as salads go, it was pretty unimpressive--just some lettuce and onions basically, but at least the dressing was tasty!I also devoured a side of garlic spinach.  It was really flavorful and cooked perfectly.Of course, French fries were a must.  Unfortunately, they were pretty bad--they tasted like they were frozen and they were a bit overcooked.  Oh, and they came out cold.As expected, the vegan and gluten-free food options they served were pretty mediocre, but again, we went there for sentimental reasons, not for the food.  My husband did enjoy his steak though, so at least the steak was good, given the fact it was a steakhouse!The service, on the other hand, was excellent, and most importantly, the time we spent there together, reminiscing, was priceless!  I would go back there in a heartbeat--if only to re-live the night I fainted in a restaurant, only to become engaged moments later.
5	Great food, generous portions, lovely setting, excellent service.  The best meal we had during our trip to Montreal.
5	Came her for my birthday dinner on a Sunday night.  Made a reservation for 4 people in the car on the way there via a link on their website.  When we arrived, we were seated immediately.The cozy atmosphere was great: dim lights, warm fireplace, very romantic.I had the opportunity to try their steak, lobster tail, chicken, and salmon.  I only have one word for the quality of their food:  WOW.  Although I had asked for the steak well done, it came out medium well and was so juicy and tender.  The lobster tail was cooked and seasoned just perfectly, as were the chicken and salmon.We tried the creme brule and chocolate cake for dessert.  They were fantastic.  The cake was more of a mousse than a cake.Overall the service was a tad slow but our waiter was super nice.  I prefer this place over the keg anytime because of the cozy atmosphere, scrumptious food, and pleasant staff.I will definitely be back!
3	Let me begin by saying the food was pretty good and the steak was juicy and flavorful. I ordered the snails as an appetizer and the Manhattan Steak. First time I tried snail but they weren't too bad and the steak I really enjoyed w/ the sauce.Now this place gets 3 stars because the server took forever to come and welcome us and take our orders. We were a group of 7 not that huge of a group and dinner was for 3.5 hrs. I do not think he really enjoyed our table and didn't really converse with us at all.  But as I said the food was good, just the service needs to be a bit better...
4	Great romantic well lit environment. Food was good service was amazing. Their staff is definitely top notch. Looking for a great restaurant with a small group of ppl I would definitely send u there.
2	Review is for lunch only.  We were really looking forward to trying this place after our morning at the Science Center.  Unfortunately, the service was pretty below average and the food just ok. It took our waitress what seemed like 5 minutes to come to our table - and there were only a few tables as this was the after lunch rush......It didn't get much better from there as she seemed very uninterested and actually had other servers bring our food or offer refills.For starters - the Diablo Calamari (calamari was cooked perfectly not tough at all and the diablo sauce had just the right amount of kick to it) and the Lobster Bisque (lukewarm and just ok in flavor).For main courses - Mixed Grill of sausage (very dry and over cooked), flank steak (no flavor and well done in lieu of the ordered MR) and chicken (best of the 3).  Cheeseburger and fries for our son - he loved the fries.  Snail appetizer - average only.Not sure if we would give it another shot at dinner with so many other great places with great service around Montreal.
3	We've dined at this old city restaurant many times and I sill consider their rack of lamb one of the best in Montreal. This weekend however we decided to try their Sunday Brunch and  was very satisfied at the wide range of options available,everything from the standard omelet  and roast beef carving stations,freshly baked breads and pastries,shrimp and smoked salmon,country pate to BBQ chicken,mussels,stuffed rigatoni,Dover sole and goat cheese raviolis. All in all an excellent value for $24.99 Canadian per person. served only on Sundays from 10am to 3 pm.My one complaint however is my wife's mimosa and my bloody mary was devoid of any alcohol what so ever so at $7.00 a drink we had very dear orange and tomato juices.
2	Excellent service is the best thing I can say about this place.  The steaks were far from top quality and were not cooked as ordered.  Don't waste your time as The Keg is right down the street and far superior.
5	Vieux-Port Steakhouse is one of my favorite places.  I eat there whenever I'm in Montreal, sometimes more than once.  It's a beautiful restaurant, and in warm weather their outdoor terrasse makes for one of the loveliest dining experiences you can have.  Perfect for a date or a special night out with friends.  Great food, service and ambience - perfect.
1	Ouch.  Two stars for this one, and only because our waiter was friendly and tried to be helpful.  He was very enthusiastic about the upsell and suggesting of things, which can be great when they talk you in to something good.Pretty much everything else was not so good.We got the pricey seafood platter to start (at a not-so-cheap $50), and found everything to be astoundingly overcooked.  Scallops don't like being overcooked, and we ended up returning them and the shrimp because they were pretty rubbery.At this point I go upstairs to the bathroom, which definitely needed attention.  It's a "nice" restaurant, so they ought to have someone go in and maybe unclog the urinals occasionally.  Ought to because they didn't.With things seeming to be on a rapid decline, our steaks arrived.  Medium-rare has never looked so solidly brown, and the watery spinach side wasn't helping.  We sent one of them back entirely, as pretty much any chance of recovering the dining experience had passed.On second thought, one star.  Because it was terrible.
5	We had supper on the terrace on a Tuesday evening.  The terrace is lovely and the weather was beautiful!  Our waiter was helpful and attentive.We had the seafood platter for two, which is supposed to be an appetizer, for our meal.  Once you have salad first and add a couple of vegetables, it does make a good meal.  The food was excellent.  Some lovely chardonnay complemented the meal.  We shared Creme brulee for dessert, with some cappuccino.  Our only complaint was that the "decaf" cappuccino might not have actually been decaffeinated.  It was a wonderful evening and we'll be back again on our next trip to Montreal!
3	Quicky:*Decent steak, not amazing, cooked well (rare & blue respectively). *BAD French onion soup...wtf was that sh*t?!*Good lobster bisque, so says the hubster.*Service was slow, I don't need 4 glasses of water just take my order.*Nice Caesar, actually made spicy when asked for extra spicy (GASP). So 3 stars, might stumble back in there again at one point or another but won't go out of my way to do so.
5	Love this restaurant ....something for each of the folks that numbered 8. This place stayed full. A great deal of folks here .  I have the grilled salmon it was excellent with rice pilaf and garlic spinach. It was fresh great food
3	Sat at the bar in the back. Wifi spotty - not available when we were there. Escargot was amazing...so amazing that we got two orders for the both of us. Bartender/waiter who helped us was the best we encountered on our trip. Made the BEST Bloody Ceasars. Seafood (calamari and crab cakes were ok). Stick with the beef and escargot.
2	Good food. Manufactured atmosphere. Insincere service. We stumbled upon this restaurant while walking Old Montreal on a cold Thursday evening in November. That night the restaurant appeared warm and romantic. We made reservations for Friday and requested a table near the fireplace. Upon arriving Friday night, we were seated upstairs near a fireplace even though downstairs wasn't full. Unfortunately, upstairs was decidedly more casual, loud and touristy. There was a company Christmas party going on in a banquet room just on the other side of a door by our table. Load music and shrieking cheers from partygoers competed with the restaurant's already-too-loud background music making it impossible to have an intimate discussion. Our food arrived quickly and was delicious. We shared a Caesar salad, French onion soup, and filet medallions wrapped in bacon.  The salad was fresh but average in flavor. The soup broth had a rich flavor, however the added bread became too soggy too fast. The medallions, served with garlic mashed potatoes and a mushroom sauce, were definitely the highlight, cooked perfectly at medium-rare. We didn't stay for dessert or digestifs, as the continued competing atmospheres and lackluster service was less than impressive. From seating to departure, we were there just 45 minutes. Not what we had wants from our romantic evening out. As we left, no one inquired as to our experience, though there were at least 2 hostesses and one who appeared to be the manager, standing at the entrance. We will not return to this restaurant and would not recommend it for a romantic weekend dinner, especially during holiday season.
3	I was here last Friday during their 7th annual Happening Gourmand promotion, where a few restaurants in the Old Port take part in reduced price table d'hote menus. I have dined at Vieux Port Steakhouse on another occasion and can say the quality and portion is usually better when you're paying full price.When we arrived close to 6, the restaurant looked empty but were told everything had been reserved and we would either have to sit at the bar, or finish our meal within an hour and a half. We opted for the latter and were seated at a tiny table, below the staircase, but near the fireplace.I remember the previous time I was here, my friend and I, early 20's were dressed casually, despite it not being a busy day or time, we were seated on the second floor. It seemed that the main (and nicest) dining area downstairs was kept for the best dressed diners, or fancier looking, mature crowd. I rarely feel this way elsewhere, but I really believe they wanted us hidden. So I strongly recommend a reservation if you want any chance at a good table.Naturally, serviced was speedy since they wanted us out fast. I ordered a mesclun salad with a dijon honey vinaigrette, filet mignon medallion and blueberry cake on a fixed 25$ menu.My starter was delicious, so simple and sweet that it made me salivate for more to come. Beef was cooked the way I wanted it, accompanied with shrimps and supposed roasted garlic mashed potatoes but I couldn't taste it. The green beans and shrimps were dry, I actually had to smear butter onto them that was intended for my bread. Right before ordering, the waiter did warn us that it was going to be just one medallion, which implied that there might not be much on the plate and he was right, the portion is much smaller than what I would normally expect. As for dessert, my cake was nothing memorable, I've had tastier supermarket treats.The special menu is a teaser, a sampler for what this establishment can offer. It may seem like a good opportunity to try this restaurant if you like deals, but for a few dollars extra, you'll be a lot more satisfied. Forgo the salad and generic gateau, get 2 of their filets mignons medallions on a fuller size plate for 29$.
3	I happened to go here during the "Happening Gourmand"The baseball cut sirloin was delicious. I could have used more garlic flavour in my mashed potatoes but I am a minority voice of garlic flavour lovers.I was disappointed by the chocolate mousse cake duo. The cake was dry and ruined what was an excellent main course experience.Pro Tip - The cocktail of the month "Le Janvier" is amazing - Vodka, Lillet and lemon juice (possible sugar too) melds a fresh citrusy punch
5	Great location, excellent service, wonderful Sunday Brunch options
4	We choose this restaurant after our first choice next store had too long a wait.  We ended up being happy for the "2nd" choice.  The restaurant is beautiful -- lots of levels but cozy feel.  Waiter was very attentive.  My kids ordered steak and the striped bass.  I ordered the baseball cut steak as well but with the peppercorn sauce.  The peppercorn sauce was incredible -- among finest I have had.  Only thing that was disappointing was escargot -- too much cheese.  The kids loved their meals as well.  Although quite fancy, my causal kids felt at ease on second level and we had to-die-for view of street.
5	This was a really positive dining experience for my wife and I. The oysters were not great but the cherry vinegar was a nice change of pace.My pork chop was cooked perfectly as was my wife's chicken. Just a very well executed meal. The best part of the evening was the service. Our waiter was just that right balance of attending to our needs without hovering over us. We did not have to wait for anything service related but we also were not rushed at all. We were there for three hours without a problem. My personal favorite part of the evening was when a young man at the table next to us tried to order filet mignon well done. I cried a little as I heard him place the order. The waiter did an excellent job of explaining how over cooking would effect the meat in a way that wasn't demeaning to the patron. The waiter could have just placed the order but the customer would have had a worse experience.
4	I planned an event here, 28 people, had a great evening.  The planning went very well -the coordinator worked with me to put together a nice menu.  The room was perfect, surrounded by history, top floor in a beautifully set room. The food, for the most was delish.  Perfectly done filet mignons,  nicely flavoured grilled halibut.  The soup, a little grainy and the salad seemed off, maybe not dressed enough, but now I'm being picky.  We were well taken care of from start to finish.
1	Nestled in the heart of old town you would expect a restaurant like this to cater to tourist and businessmen.  The first knock was that sat me in a corner in the back of the restaurant away from the street and view because I was eating alone I can only assume.  The waitress treated as if I was a ignorant fool.  The lobster bisque was thin an by far the worst I've had.  I explicitly stated that the steak should be rare border line uncooked.  What was brought out was medium. I should have went to the KEG next door.  Save your meal and go elsewhere.
4	We went in for the Sunday brunch today. We arrived 15 minutes earlier than our reservation but were seated right away. The place got crowded at 12ish but it was quiet/okay before that.Honestly, we got more than for our money. Good quality food (but not amazing, hey it's a buffet!). Sausages, bacon and ham were very good according to my friend. Bagels, pancakes, toasts were good!Omelettes are made on request in front of you, mine was good.Smoked salmon, salads, cheeses and pretty much everything were fresh.AMAZING croissants (trust me, I'm a connoisseur).Deserts were a little too sweet.Coffee was good, so were the juices. Hot meals weren't great though. We couldn't taste everything as we were more than full.Very good and friendly service (kept refilling my coffee and water, only had to ask once).Will def. return in 6 months, time to forget all I've eaten!
5	Great all around dining experience. Pleasant relaxed atmosphere, excellent friendly service and good food with ample portions.If you are looking for a restaurant to deliver a reliable good quality experience you wont go wrong here.
3	I brought my boyfriend there for his birthday this past weekend, and I have to admit I was a bit disappointed with the quality of the food. First of all the meals are overpriced considering the portions and the quality. Thankfully,  my boyfriend did enjoy his steak but was not very satisfied with the side dish which was mashed potatoes with green beans. I've been to a few steakhouse restaurants in Montreal and I've definitely experience better places. I would keep this restaurant as a last option.
4	Had a wonderful night here.  Ate on the back, outdoor, patio which was quite lovely.  Wine list was quite nice and the bottle we got (Carnivor, a tuscan Cab Sauv) was terrific.  Bread was quite good and warm...as it should be.  I had the french onion soup, which was good - but not great.  It needed a bit more broth.  My boyfriend got the lobster bisque and thought it was very good.  We each got steaks (of course) - I got the Filet Mignon, which was cooked perfectly (medium-rare) and the mashed potatoes and haricot vert that accompanied the meats were quite good, he got the bone-in Rib-Eye, which was quite good and, again, cooked perfectly.  He had a baked potato and said it was good, but very dense.  We split a side of mac & cheese, which was very good.  We finished dinner off with a piece of the Chocolate Mousse Cake which was amazing.  We also had a very nice server!
5	The second visit made ALL the difference.Great, if not amazing, service, and a super happy table of stuffed people.In other words: win!More dinners will be had.
4	i came here for sunday brunch. It wasn't as busy as we expected it to be but i think the marathon that had the street closed off played a big part in that.the options were impressive. notable buffet selections were smoked salmon, shrimp cocktail, roast beef, beef ribs, canoli, omelette. the fruits were fresh and tasted very good. the desserts, however, were much to sweet for my liking.an added bonus, in the men's room there were dispensers for mints, chewing gum, and ribbed condoms. very intriguing.
5	Amazing! We were a few of many Anglos in the restaurant. Our waiter was French but fluent in English and very helpful. My friend and I got the 12oz rib steak and it was succulent. Oysters were great. Wine was great. The restaurant decor was beautiful.
5	Excellent!! My fiancee and I went here. The staff was very welcoming, very attentive and friendly. The food outstanding! I have never had Buffalo and I must say I have been missing out. It was cooked perfect along with my filet mignon. We had French Onion soup and escargot that was so delicious. We finished off with creme brulee flambe that alo g with the view it was delish. Allow around fantastic place to eat. The best meal I had in Montreal,if I came back it would definitely be to eat here.
3	The lobster bisque was decent.  The filet medallions were very good.  The creme brulee was disgusting.  They completely overcooked it--turned into a sugared-scrambled eggs desert.  It was so bad that it ruined my meal.  The next night we went to The Keg, which was better in every way (it's right down the block).
1	The sirloin was tender, no taste and burned out, my friend got also two different sirloin one raw and the other well done, the black on them was so much that I think they don't clean between the cooking, and the dessert, was an orribile old and defrosted 5 cm high cheesecake good taste but bad consistency,  old prepared days before...overexpensive, for Christmas, hope they had in holidays their staff because service was terrible we had dirty dishes in front of us for an half an hour...Only plus for them is the atmosphere nice and chic, you pay the atmosphere not the quality neither a chef.never back again, never.went there because it was one of the few opened on holidays, better a chip China way better. OK in Italy I eat fassona,Chainina, kobe,  Angus, and this meat don't taste,  just tender but badly cooked, who has different review is an incompetent or paid by them don't have any other explanation, we was in 3 not one satisfied.
