4	Great addition to the Waterfront and at a location that has not faired well for other restaurants. Checked it out this past opening weekend and it was really nice looking. We had an hour and a half wait, but they have the NoWait app to make the line waiting better, which allowed us to go bike riding for a bit along the river while we waited.  We shared the nachos as an appetizer, which was pretty solid. The I had a custom burger with fries, which were delicious. Lastly, I had to get fluffer nutter butter shake....mmmmm! As for negatives, besides the wait (which was expected), the service could have been a bit more attentive, but seeing as this was opening weekend I'm sure the service will get better.
3	I love the other Burgatory restaurants in the area and was excited to see one coming to a closer area to my home. I  was a regular at the Waterfront until it got old and stale, now Burgatory gives me a reason to go here again.The new Burgatory is small. That said, I expected a long wait Sunday, the day after the grand opening. Getting there around five, I was seated at 6:17. There was no room at the bar, so we went across the street to a somewhat empty Bar Louie. New restaurant, you expect issues, slow service, getting drinks right, billing issues. Surprisingly, there were no issues like that. My portabello mushroom cap on a whole grain burger bun, with radicchio, grilled onions, angel dust, mushrooms and garlic aioli was perfect, the side salad was fresh and delicious. The only issue I ran into was the fact the waiter didn't know if that had fat free ice cream or fat free yogurt to make an adult milkshake. This was no problem, I settled for water with lime. Who needs the extra calories? Kudos for Burgatory for having a properly trained staff for a grand opening! One problem I see here, and it's been a problem at the waterfront for years.... PARKING. This is why I gave it only three stars. There were no issues with the food or overall service. The burgatory will be competing for parking spots not only with Bar Louie, the theater, Bravo's but also with the other shops and the Starbucks. No restaurant in this location before Burgatory has had any luck, I wish Burgatory well and hope they break the string of bad luck this location has had.
5	Came here with friends. I should've physically prepped myself before going. Dear God it was delicious. The milkshake was delightful,  I had the Carmel pretzel one. .. then I built my own burger... got 3 bites in before getting it wrapped to take home. Really great place. Big thumbs up.
2	I went to Burgatory on a Tuesday night with some coworkers for a little get together because I'm moving out of the state and wanted to go to one last time before I leave. I've been to the other locations, always had a pleasant experience, good food, nice servers, and tasty drinks. Each time I've gone to Burgatory I've had a 30 minute to an hour wait. We arrived at 6:45 or so and the hostess said it was about an hour wait. We got on the list, but due to being hungry we decided to drop in for food at a nearby restaurant and come back to Burgatory for drinks. When we got our text that the table was ready we walked over and were seated immediately. The waitress arrived and asked for our drink orders and I told her we probably we're just going to stick with drinks tonight. She went and got some water and came back to take our order. Before taking it she responded by asking how long we waited for a table, and then followed it with a not so tactful suggestion that we could have got millkshakes to go, and that next time we could do that, and that we could get them to go right now. She then preceded to ask us if we wanted to still eat in the restaurant. Well, I didn't know I'd really put Burgatory out by coming in on a Tuesday night just for drinks. Sidenote at that point after her not so warm welcome the idea of leaving was pretty tempting, however those adult milkshakes cannot be taken to go.Anyways it spoiled my mood, here I had wanted to have my last Pittsburgh hurrah at one of my favorite restaurants and right away we were met with an attitude. Now I know servers have difficult nights and heavy loads, so who knows what the deal was and maybe it wouldn't have happen again.I just wished it would have been more welcoming and that the server had not insisted on taking the cocktail menu after we ordered. We got the idea and we took took round elsewhere. But Burgatory, that experience really bummed me out.
5	I'm a big fan of their other locations and this one does not disappoint.  We went for lunch on  Monday.  As the place is new it was still very crowded.We were seated promptly.  The server was very nice.  The restaurant itself is smallish so expect a  wait at peak times. The decor is quite clever and has a some funny messages on the wall by the door. We always get a different flavor of one of their fries as an appetizer.  This one was the one with the hot peppers. We were not disappointing.  For lunch we each had a burger off the standard list and did not create our own.  They were cooked right with a little pink and I got the wagu beef one and the wife had the barbque one.  Both were good as are the chips they come with.All in all another home run for the burgatorians.  Really the whole experience from the service, food and decor was spot on.
5	Meat Your Maker burger: 5/5Herb's Grape Refresher cocktail: 4/5Deuce's Wild Mint Lemonade cocktail: 5/5Atmosphere: 5/5Service: 5/5 (sat at the bar)I was on a quest to find the tastiest burger. I think have found it...in Pittsburgh.This is after trying the highly rated burgers at Umami Burger (LA), Burger Bar (Vegas), Lunchbox Laboratory (Seattle) and Kuma's Corner (Chicago).The wait at tables were estimated to take 1hr (weekday 8pm).There is full service at the bar and there was no queue.
5	Burgatory has wowed me with outstanding drinks, food, service, and atmosphere... Now I am even more in love since they opened the restaurant in the Waterfront. The Waterfront is only an eight minute drive from where I live. ... SCORE!!!!!! I'm so glad that I decided to join Crunch Gym in the Waterfront as well, considering I will be a regular at this restaurant. The food, drinks, service, and atmosphere were amazing as always!
4	Yay! So happy that this Burgatory location has finally opened!My husband and I came here for a late night snack on Wednesday night, less than 2 weeks after they opened their doors for the first time. Since we've dined at the Robinson and Waterworks locations at least 8-10 times, we knew exactly what we wanted. However, I was surprised that service was initially quite slow. We were seated for 10 minutes before our waitress came over. She was extremely apologetic but told us that she needed to take another table's order and would be back as soon as possible. Even though placing our order took some time, our food did arrive promptly after we ordered.I have given the other Burgatory locations 5 stars but can only rate this location 4 stars for now. Like the other locations, the food is delicious. I enjoyed some Truffled Gorgonzola Fries with a Salted Nutella Crunch Milkshake mixed up with Chocolate Vodka. Yum yum yum! The restaurant is also very well decorated, and this location feels more open than the other two, which I really like. However, the rating difference was the service. The waitresses that have helped us in other locations have all seemed very experienced and polished. The waitress that served us on Wednesday night was very sweet and apologetic about the meal's initial hiccups... but she was just very young and inexperienced. I will definitely be back - especially since I live less than 15 minutes away - but do hope that the service improves in the future.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  But, I just didn't enjoy it.  We went for a late lunch and the place was moderately busy but not overwhelmingly so.  Our server was very nice and she did a good job taking care of us.  The food was OK but not amazing - I've had a much better burger at Murray Avenue Grille or Dunning's in Regent Square.  In fact, the menu has three ways to prepare your burger:  Red, pink, or brown.  I ordered my burger red - the server told me that would ensure that the burger would be prepared medium rare.  Unfortunately, while my husband's burger was perfectly medium, so was my burger.  It did take a fair amount of time to receive our food so we didn't have time to wait for another properly prepared meal to arrive.  The manager came by and they comped my meal.  They did try to make it right.  But, for a place that is known for its burgers, to have it come to the table not cooked to order is inexcusable - especially at 2 o'clock on a Tuesday afternoon.  We did enjoy the truffle and Gorgonzola fries and I really loved the spicy baked beans.  If you like gin cocktails, try the Hendricks and mint lemonade which was tasty but a little overpriced at $7.50.  The atmosphere reminds me of a faux postindustrial urban warehouse and boy, is it LOUD.  In the bar area, there are TVs EVERYWHERE and the sound is on.  Even at the end of the lunch rush, the place was really loud.  That was another huge turnoff for us.  It's hard to keep a conversation going at 2 in the afternoon, I can't imagine what the place sounds like during the dinner rush on a Friday night.  No thanks!Kudos to our server with the funky eyeshadow for taking such good care of us.  She was the high point of our experience.  Unfortunately, good service from one person doesn't entice me to return.  I don't think that we will be back.
4	If it wasn't because this place is so loud I would have given it 5 stars because the burgers are delicious. The music is played way too high which causes everyone to talk louder.We left with our ears ringing. Please, please, please lower the volume, people will have a much better experience.
2	First, before I delve into this review, I'm a huge fan of and am sure to tell other people of Burgatory.  Which is why it is so hard to write this review.This was not my first visit here, it was my second.  The first visit I made here ended up with me turning right around and walking away.  It was so crowded (on a Tuesday night) that I just didn't even want to deal with the crowd.  Funny thing is with this new location, instead of expanding it in any direction, it's still the same size as when the other restaurants that failed in this spot.Now onto my most recent visit.  We showed up and there was a bit of a wait.  After giving our name to the hostess, we ventured over to the bar.  While at the bar, we decided to sit at the bar and have our experience of the place instead of sitting at a table (had to go back to the hostess to have our name removed from the wait list).  We both ordered some drinks, a fairly decent list of IPAs on draft and we put in for an appetizer.  The truffled Gorgonzola fries were pretty amazing.  When we ordered the burgers, that's when it went downhill for me.I opted for the make your own burger.  After scribbling and rewriting we had our orders down.  Handed them over to the bartender and just had to wait.  I had ordered my burger topless (just the bottom of the bun).  When the burger arrived everything that my eyes could see at the time looked perfect.  Whenever I cut into this delicious display of beefiness, that when I got to see what was underneath.  The bun was soggy, not the type of soggy that you get from the juices of the burger, or the wetness of the fresh vegetables, but soggy in the pink kind of way.  I was a little concerned about this and informed the bartender I would not be eating this.  While I give him credit for trying to explain to me that the pinkness to my bun was just the juices running of the burger patty, I had to disagree with him.  Mind you, I ordered my burger cooked to medium well, if there were any juices from the burger they sure as hell would not be pink.  There was no smell to it either, so it could not have been a dressing for a salad.After a trip to the kitchen the bartender came back out to me and said that the cook said that's how they cook.  I'm sorry, but that doesn't make me want to eat the burger any more than the fact that I can see with my own eyes that the bun portion was pink.In the end, they offered to make me another burger (I assumed it would have been free, but wasn't).  I opted to have it to go, good thing I did, by the time all this was over and the burger was ready my friend had finished her meal.  The manager came over as well and apologized to me for the mistake made and after handing me my bag with my new burger in it, she also handed a coupon thing for a free milkshake the next time I visit (thanks a million for that, giving me a coupon for something free that I cannot not use because of a food related allergy).To sum it all up, even though this place is literally like ten minutes from my house, I'll stick to the original spot and not take my chances again.
1	I have no idea how the food is.  However, the experience of trying to dine here is a chore.  I stopped by to try to "reserve" a table.  Can't do that.  They use an app called No Wait. A joke.  I installed the app, and put myself on the list which said 15-30 minute wait and they would text me when our table was ready.  I checked in and was told there was a 60-75 minute wait. WTF. What happened to my slot? Oh, that just got me on a list do you want to speak to the manager?  This was the second evening I tried. Same result both times. This place needs to change there system.  I won't be back.
4	So happy they finally opened this one, because I live so close to the Waterfront, and I love Burgatory. They let you build your own burger by filling out an order form, so it's easy to get things just the way you like it. They have a lot of "burger" options including elk, bison, wagyu, veggie, and crab burgers. I LOVE the veggie burger, which tastes a little like stovetop stuffing to me, but in a way that totally works. The burgers are always done right, and everything else on the menu was delicious. One of our lamer companions ordered a salad and it was very well done. The Gorgonzola and truffle aioli fries are TO DIE FOR. The shakes are also delicious. Know that you can order any of them with or without the booze, despite how they are listed on the menu. Downsides: While the standard burger prices are pretty affordable, the extras on a custom burger can add up quickly, especially if you start off by opting for a different kind of meat. They only have three temperature options (red, pink, well-done), instead of the traditional 5, which I think is pretty unacceptable at a burger joint. The shakes and beer take "expensive" to a new level. You can't get a beer on tap for less than $6, and craft brews will set you back $8-$9. Shakes with alcohol cost even more. All Burgatory locations--including this newest one--are pretty small, and because of its popularity, you're in for a wait on weekends. Worse than that, the kitchen doesn't seem to be able to keep up with this place. Both times I came here we waited a long time after ordering our food. Maybe this will smooth out over time, because I have not had this problem at other Burgatory locations. Overall, I highly recommend this place, as long as you are prepared to wait and keep track of what you order so the check doesn't come as a surprise.
5	I left the city of Pittsburgh shortly after the opening of the first Burgatory. The concept intrigued, but I never had the opportunity to check it out. Since then, the burger spot has expanded into a sort of micro chain, which meant that their offerings tasted good enough to attract substantial clientele. A recent weekend trip to Pittsburgh provided a great chance to check out the newest location at the much more convenient Waterfront and see what the fuss was about.Fortunately, my experience matched the hype I had heard of. We had a 25 minute wait during peak Saturday lunch hours, which was not bad considering the popularity of these restaurants. Our party started off with Burgatory's beer battered onion rings and jalapeno-bacon-cheddar fries as appetizers. The onion rings' enormous size reflected the beer batter's substantial flavor. Though a bit greasy, they are not to be missed. Ditto for the jalapeno-cheddar-bacon fries, which lost minor marks for flavorless cheddar.The wealth of customizable burger options can leave one perplexed, so the less decisive/knowledgeable should order one of Burgatory's excellent house burgers. My companions' pot roast and steakhouse burgers both delivered tons of flavor. If you do feel like putting your name on your creation, use the menu for inspiration and veer off accordingly. I did so with my slightly overcooked yet still delicious elk burger, which provided a delicious combination of flavors that complemented a juicy, gamey patty.We ended our meal on a sweet note with milkshakes to go. The salted caramel pretzel, with crunchy pretzel chunks for texture and a satisfying sweet-salty-toasty interplay, tasted the best of all the varieties we sampled. Burgatory also carries a respectable selection of craft brews and has an appealing cocktail program. All told, I won't hesitate to get stuck in Burgatory once more next time I'm in town.
1	I have been to the Waterworks Burgatory as well as the spot at Consol Arena and the food truck at Mario's Livingroom. I have enjoyed their burgers and shakes many times. So, when they opened in the Waterfront, I was very excited. As a Waterfront "local", I waited for a while before venturing over there. New restaurant openings there always attract a huge crowd. Today, my husband and I went there for lunch at noon. It was busy but the wait was only 10 minutes. I gave my cell number to the hostess and even though I got a text to see the hostess because my table was ready, it wasn't ready when I went inside. We had to wait for them to clear and wipe the table before being seated. My brother had recommended the Espresso Love shake. I've had their hard shakes before, so I ordered that shake and so did my husband. The tequila in the shakes were overpowering. Never before have I had a Burgatory hard shake where the alcohol was so overwhelming. Even the man at the table next to us made mention of the same thing. The waitress who took our order was very nice, but one guy brought us our shakes and a completely different guy brought us our meals. I hope they tip share because other than taking our order and taking away our empty plates and things, she did little else. The special burger of today was a chorizo burger with pulled pork on top. My husband ordered that and said it was the dryest thing he had ever tasted. He made comparisons to the Sahara and the Gobi when describing this  burger. I did a Create your Own burger. I ordered a beef  burger with provolone, mushrooms, pickles and a sweet onion rub on the beef. I have to cut most all sandwiches in half and when I cut this in half, it just oozed greasy. The bottom of the wheat bun was saturated with greasy juices. Also, their assembly of the burger goes against all conventional thinking which, in this case, was NOT a good thing. They put the cold pickles against the hot provolone cheese, then the lettuce and then put the sauteed mushrooms on top of the lettuce so they fell out all over the place. Whoever cleared this burger to be served was NOT paying attention or doesn't know what they are looking at as my mushrooms were all over the basket before I even laid eyes on my burger. The sea salt and herb fries needs to drop the herbs. They don't suit the fries and they don't suit beef. The flavors clash. I had to use a lot of ketchup to cover the herb flavor. I might come back here if i'm just going to have a short bite, but not for a full meal. I was sadly disappointed with Burgatory after all my great previous experiences with them. I know they will get my business when I go to a Pens game.
5	This is possibly the best burger joint in pittsburgh. I recently visited Burgatory that just opened in the Waterfront and I was not disappointed. The line was long and out the door during dinner hours on a Thursday. We had to take two open seats at the bar and received excellent service from our bartender. She was attentive and took our orders promptly. The burgers came out just the way we ordered and the jalapeno fries had a nice kick to it. I would definitely come back again...probably this weekend. :D
3	I have stopped here twice, eaten the food once and never ate in due to terrible wait times. I tried the Meat Your Maker (pink) and it was delicious! I sat in the parking lot devouring this heavenly goodness along with the chips which were better than any that I've had elsewhere. One gripe is that the Market Fresh Vegetables, which on that day meant sugar snap peas with red peppers, was too greasy and over priced for the amount offered.I really want to give this place 5 stars but the wait times are ridiculous for a place that basically makes burgers with fancy toppings. I mean come on how long does it really take to cook a burger, 30-45 minute wait for take out? I don't think so. I really like Five Guys Burger and Fries. They make a delicious, albeit simple burger; in a reasonable amount of time with the typical fixin's that most people want and your not waiting  forever in Purgatory to get it.
5	Burgatory is amazing!  We go every time we make a trip to Pittsburgh! We went today and our waiter was Jacob. He was awesome!!  The food was awesome! The shakes are awesome!!!  Super awesome place!
3	I've been waiting to try Burgatory for YEARS. I was not wow-ed or disappointed. I was unGODly full from my meal. True. I got a burger, fries, and a shake. Which is a lot of food. But from what I understand it's ludicrous to come here and not get a shake. So I was full. The food was good and tasty but we agreed that next time for the two of us we should share a meal rather than each having our own because the portions are pretty hefty. Plus, they're expensive. So I'll be back with a different strategy.As a P.S. we used the OpenTable app to get a table since that's what they do and while the app said we were next in line and had one minute to wait, we ended up waiting about 5 extra minutes while other people were seated ahead of us, even though we checked in twice. So that could probably use some work.
3	I'm a huge burgatory fan, even though I always feel like I took about 5 years off my life every time I eat there. First, I got there at 9 o clock on a friday and the wait time was an hour and a half. That. Is. Crazy. Thankfully, there was a couple seats at the bar. Every time I've tried to stop at this location, there has been ungodly wait times. The one day, it was 3 and 1/2 hours. Ordered my milkshake spiked, Carmel pretzel flavor. It took a half hour to come out. The shake itself was delicious. They are HUGE though and I easily filled up on just the shake alone. Our food took an obscene amount of time to come out, I know they were slammed. I ordered a build your own: bison meat-rare, horseradish cheddar cheese, BBQ rub, bacon, onion straws, BBQ sauce on a bun. If I was a 6 foot tall running back for the steelers, I maybe would have been able to finish it. It was room temp coming to the table, the tray was hot though. Sure sign it sat under the heat lamp for a while.All in all, a little expensive but you get a ton of food. Wait times are insane. Get there on a weekday for lunch or after 10 at night. Food quality is good, pretty delicious.
5	Everything was great! I'm a big Burgatory fan and this location didn't disappoint. Burger was great, shake was great, service was great. Hopefully this place will break the curse of this corner location across from the theater!
5	wonderful!
5	Love the new Burgatory in the waterfront!  Great location!  This place is close to everything in the Waterfront.  They have so many options for making your own burger.  They also cooked the burger just they way I like it (and ordered it)  The toppings were fresh and tasty. The decor is fun too.  They have an enclosed pouch area--which is a plus for Pittsburgh.  I like to sit outside and can not always do it here because of the rain.  The enclosed pouch let's you sit outside without in any weather condition.  Especially love the funny fortune cookies you get after a meal!  Can't wait to go back!
4	Good service. Great burgers.
3	I've been to two different Burgatory locations, Robinson and the waterfront. I will say the quality is consistent between locations. The food is good and building your own burger is fun, but I don't think it's spectacular to the point that everybody raves about it. One great thing is there are a LOT of options when it comes to building your burger. There are a variety of bun types such as brioche, wheat, and gluten fee.  (or you can go naked ;) ). You have an interesting variety of meat options including chicken, bison, beef, elk, crab. The meat variety is impressive.  They also have a variety of rubs, sauces, and cheeses to put on your burger. I definitely have to recommend the spicy ketchup. There are times that I could get Burgatory just for that heavenly spicy ketchup. They also have a variety of standard and more interesting toppings as well. You've got the typical lettuce, tomato, opinions, etc. Then there are the fun toppings (that cost $1 extra) like onion straws, cage free eggs, maple cured ham, and applewood smoked bacon to name a few. As far as the burgers go, despite the impressive options, they did not live up to the hype..or price. I was expecting something life changing during my first burgatory experience, and that's not what I got. I will say that the milkshakes are amazing. Being a milkshake enthusiast, I'll dare to say they have the best milkshakes I've ever had. The big straws are great for drinking up all of the big chunks of delicious goodies they put in your shake! I'm a very big fan of the caramel pretzel shake. A lot of places really screw up Carmel pretzel shakes with an overpowering amount of caramel and almost no pretzels. Burgatory uses a pleasant amount of caramel and throws in some nice BIG chunks of pretzel. The milkshake is the best part of any Burgatory meal. If you don't finish, they put the rest in a to go cup for you. Other than the milkshakes, I don't find the food to be anything special. It is a very fun atmosphere in the restaurants, though.
5	I love Burgatory and this one is in my backyard so it makes it even more special. Some people like to hate on Burgatory, mostly people who work or frequent BRGR, but I love it. Something that no one can debate is they this place has it together. They know what they do and they to themselves very good. The whole heaven and hell thing the rustic decor, all they way to the square business cards and funky fortune cookie at the end of the meal. I know that this particular one has had some issues with speed but I think they are still feeling things out. I give them the benefit out the doubt. All the waiters/waitresses that I have had my several trips to this particular location have been very nice and talkative as I'm sure they are encouraged to do.Don't forget to get in line on NoWait (iPhone App) so that you don't have to wait as long get a table. Also get your shake with your food so that you don't put that heavy shake in before your put a heavy burger. You can thank me later.
4	I really like Burgeratory. The food and drinks are good, prices aren't to bad. I am just alil disappointed by the wait time and the seating. You are so close to others. I have no problem with sitting next to people. ..but it's hard to have a conversation and some privacy. I would give 5 stars if seating was more spaced out.
5	Love burgatory......   This is a great addition to the chain.     Love the build your own burger (I am picky)....    Only thing...... I absolutely hate their chairs......    My back aches every time we leave.
5	Burgatory should be on your list of places you must eat-especially if you like burgers!  Be prepared for a long wait if you come for dinner or on the weekends. While they have a menu, I suggest creating your own burger. I had a burger with Gargonzola Cheese and Caberbnet sauce. It is the best burger I've ever had!  My niece had Burbon BBQ sauce with Poblano Peppers and lived hers as well. Of course you can't leave unless you have a shake or take one with you. I had the Nutella Shake and my niece had the Caramel Pretzel shake. This may not be an icecream joint but their shakes are the best I've ever had. They even have "adult" shakes that include liquor. The servers are wonderful. The whole vibe if the place is upbeat.
5	Great food and excellent service. Best burger we ever had. We definitely will be going back. Sure its a little expensive for a burger joint but as soon as u realize its not a fast food place u get over it quick
5	Visiting from out of town over the 4th and came here with friends for dinner that Sunday night. Had a great meal. The burgers and sides were delicious and shakes amazing. Despite a very long wait our wonderful hostess kept us informed and entertained while we waited which is important when you have kids with you. Will definitely come back on my next trip to the Burgh.
3	Good burger but expensive. Very skimpy on the extra toppings, ordered grilled onions for extra $ and did not even get one tablespoon on burger. Chairs are VERY uncomfortable!!
4	My favorite place for spiked milk shakes. I always get the Carmel pretzel shake. It's the perfect mix of salty and sweet. The burgers are great too. I usually get farmer brown burger. It is awesome with the fried egg
5	The burgers are quality beef, flavorful and juicy. Our waitress was the sweetest girl ever and the milkshake (we got the caramel salty pretzel one) was absolutely amazing. Will definitely be back here again!I made my own burger and stuck with classic beef, garlic mayo, mustard, pickle, lettuce and bacon with cheddar. The burger was tender and full of flavor. Others at the table got the chicken sandwich and they loved it. Burgatory did not disappoint and is a great place to hang out with friends, have a casual date or a fun time with family. It was a great, laid back environment and some of the best milkshakes anywhere. Keep it up!
2	Was an ok burger but what a scam.  Its obvious when you look at the menu that Burgatory is intentionally trying to drive you to customize your own burger.  They have very few burger selections on the menu.  There's nothing wrong with customizing a burger except when it ends up being $15.00 by the time you are done.  And that's without anything out of the ordinary.   I'm surprised I wasn't charged for Ketchup.  I was charged for onions, cheddar cheese and mushrooms.  My total bill for the burger and a root beer was just under $25.00.  All  in with tip $30.00.  Really?!  I did sub a very marginal side salad for the chips for an additional $1.50.  This isn't New York.  I can name at least two other burger places that have as good or better burgers that don't take advantage of their customers.  That is where I will be heading next time.   Good luck to Burgatory once the novelty wears off and they see even more competition.  Not a very good long term business model.
5	When it comes to burgers I can no longer venture to others restaurants. When it comes to customizing a burger you won't find better options anywhere.  I challenge you to find another burger place where they have 9 different unique choices.
4	Obviously the burgers are banging. It's the premier place to have a high class burger, which is my favorite food. With the burgers we had the sriracha chicken wings and steakhouse mushrooms. The wings were tasty and had a sweet and spicy sauce on them. Reccomended. The mushrooms were underwhelming.  Big slices of portobello mushrooms in thick, heavy beer batter. (I didn't know they'd be cooked like that) the mushrooms were lost in the batter which was a big grease ball without taste of its own. If you can stand the wait to get in, get yourself down to burgatory. Just don't order the mushrooms. ; )
4	I tried their location in Fox Chapel a couple of years ago and wasn't impressed, but I've been to the Homestead location twice and really enjoy it! I had the crabcake burger the first time--the crabcake was BIG, and messy, with coleslaw and Sriracha remolaude totally falling out everywhere. It was good, but I prefer the beef burgers. My recommendation is garlic mayo, arugula, farmhouse cheddar, and crispy onions, with the burger cooked medium. With their rosemary fries instead of the chips (which are good, but sort of superfluous compared to the fries). You can't go wrong!Let's talk shakes. I like the idea of their creative shakes--with flavors like Prantl's burnt almond torte, smores, and coffe-and-doughnuts. But do there have to be giant chunks of pretzels/cake/chocolate in every single one? Last time I was there I had the mocha shake with coffee liqueur, which had huge pieces of chocolate-covered espresso beans in it. That's all well and good, but I don't really want to chew my milkshake, particularly when I'm tackling a giant burger alongside it. So while I give Burgatory the edge when it comes to the burgers themselves, I'm gonna have to cede the boozy-milkshake award to BRGR. They DO have a good beer selection here, though, so just have some hops and malts for dessert. :)I've also tried the portobello steak fries, and I'm a sucker for portobellos so I enjoyed them. All the appetizers really need to be shared amongst a HUGE group, though, as that plus burger plus booze/ice cream/booze and ice cream is really too much to be handled by one mortal.
5	Had dinner tonight with my boyfriend and my friend who was in town for the night. We had to wait about 50 minutes for a table but there's so much shopping and things to keep you occupied, time flies. I had the sangria to start with, sooo good I didn't even realize I was drinking it so fast! For dinner I had the crab shack. Yum, the bun was perfectly toasted and soft, the crab cake was a nice size and just so amazing, cleaned my whole plate.  For dessert my friend and I had s'mores milkshakes, seriously heaven! Our server was Kim, she was beyond awesome. She was sooo nice and knew so much about all the questions we were asking and had great recommendations. I cannot wait to go back here again :))))
5	Shakes from heaven (The S'mores or Salted Caramel will ruin you for shakes anywhere else).  Sinfully indulgent burgers and apps.  Creativity and wit in every line on the menu, and genius in every bite.  It's hard not to make my review sound like an advertisement, but they really are that good.  Not only does Burgatory have tons of signature burgers that taste divine, you can "Have it your way" and they'll custom assemble any combo you can dream up.  The prices are fair for gourmet burgers and shakes.  I particularly recommend any of the signature house fries, the Onion Rings, and the  "Bangkok Fries": massive juicy portabello mushroom strips, beer battered, and brought out stacked in a log cabin with a spicy dipping sauce.My only complaint is it's so good, that despite the ample seating, there tends to be a wait.  Expect 20-40 minutes on a normal day, up to as much as 3 hours on a busy Saturday night.  Given how many other restaurants are within a few hundred feet, it's very telling that people will wait here for over an hour, rather than eat somewhere else.  That's what happens when you offer delicious, innovative food, with good service, and fair prices.  I hope more other restaurant owners take note and follow Burgatory's lead!
5	I've been to the Burgtary at waterworks mall. This one is equally great. Shakes are AMAZING! Love very one of them! Staff is friendly. We got there during weekday lunch time. Not like the one at waterworks, we didn't have to wait for seat.
4	I love their Yin Yang chicken burger. I have had it multiple times. I tried their caramel pretzel shake too. That was simplt awesome. A must try.I will return back for good food and service.I am giving this place 4 starts because every time I had to wait for at least 45 mins in the waiting line.. No other reason.
5	Oh my jesus is this place the bomb. Best burger I have ever had so far in my 32 years of life on this planet. You very seriously cannot go wrong in any burger you choose. Oh, and get the blue cheese fries because WOAH. I could just eat those little bad boys forever. They were so good even the kids liked them (this is a huge deal, you guys). We were so uncomfortabley full after our delicious, mouth-watering, delectable burgers, fries and chips - but, we were on vacation - so of course this didn't stop us from ordering shakes. Salted Caramel Pretzel shakes for the kids and I forget the exact name but some sort of hard shake with apples and bacon goodness for the man-friend and I. I was on the verge of explosion after this evening of pure, unadulterated gluttony and boy was it worth it. I HIGHLY recommend dining at this local chain, and if you live close, coming on a regular basis! So so so amazingly good. I wish we lived closer!
5	Am in Pittsburgh to drop daughter at Pitt. Found this restaurant on yelp. Upon arrival checked in where we were told there would be a twenty to thirty minute wait. I gave the person checking in guests my cell. They use online wait list. We waited about 30 mins to be seated. We were waited on within 5 minutes. Service was quick and friendly. Beer was cold and fresh. We ordered the burgers a few using the custom menu. The food arrived within a reasonable amount of time. The burgers were amazing, one of the best I've ever had. I would highly recommend this restaurant!
3	Took our daughter out for lunch on our way back home.  The service was excellent - Jessica was GREAT!We had the Crab Shack, Phat Patti's Veggie and the Morty's Steakhouse burgers.  All of them were done to perfection and tasted fantastic.Where they seemed to have real issues was with everything that was deep fried.  The onion rings would have had a great flavor but it was masked by the excessive grease left over from the deep frier - not worth the $ 7.50 we were charged given the poor quality!  The Chipotle-horseradish sour cream dipping sauce was very good but not good enough to warrant the $ 0.75 we were charged for an additional side portion.  The fires were limp and served colder then they should have been and their chips were over cooked and very greasy - possible issues with their deep frier temperature...  There was a $ 1.50 up charge to substitute the fries for their chips  - what a waste of $ 3.00 on the up charges!The Caramel - Pretzel milkshake was very good but slightly more expensive than what I thought it should have been.To recap, have one of their great burgers with a treat of a milkshake but skip the chips and fries.
3	Burgers.  Great!!  Those chips they serve not as much.  Our portion  unedible  greasy thru and thru. And mentioned to server  she sent manager over. Very nice guy brought us a fresh order and they were not much better.  The server also mixed up the placement of the burger on the table and we had no idea til half way thru when my mom commented the burger was spicy. Had the Monty. Great burger nice portion. My niece had the buffalo and the taste was great.  Would be a 4 but for $12 burger the whole meal should be good.
4	Burgatory makes one of the best burgers you can find in Pittsburgh. I began going to the original Aspinwall location about 3 years ago and have been in love with the food and the brand ever since. First of all the restaurant itself is a great atmosphere. The whole heaven/hell thing is very creative. I'm always entertained by the wall art. The food is really incredible. They have about 8 or 10 signature burgers that are always on the menu as well as a Burger special that changes daily (if you want to find out what it is today just follow them on twitter). They also have an option to build your own burger. What I love about this is that Burgatory has a lot of unique toppings you won't find a lot of other places. But when I get a burger here a usually end up getting the Farmer Brown. I know they have so many unique and delicious options but there's just something about this classic burger with a gourmet twist I love so much! The only negative burger feedback I have is that I got a bison burger once and it was pretty dry. I imagine it's just a dryer meat, but I didn't like it so I wouldn't recommend that.Even though you're probably going to Burgatory for burgers, they also have a lot of other great food as well. The pork belly sliders are incredible. I also really enjoy the fried mushroom appetizer. Unfortunately I can't really comment too much on the milkshakes. I had one a few years ago and from what I remember it was great, but every time I come here I come for the food. I can't fill up on a milkshake!If you live in Pittsburgh and haven't gone to Burgatory yet, you need to go. Don't let the long wait reviews scare you. Yes you could be "waiting" for up to an hour or 90 minutes. But because Burgatory uses NoWait, they'll take your phone number and text you when your table is ready. That way you can walk around all the great shops at the waterfront. Charming Charlie is right next door! I could spend an hour in there alone! Just make sure you put your name in before you're really hungry!
5	I came here for dinner the other night. The service was good. I ordered my hamburger well done but when I started eating it I noticed it was slightly pink in the middle. It was no big deal so I just ate it that way. Burgatory is nice but pricey so I won't come here as often as I do Eat N Park.
1	Had lunch there today. First of all, the prices are outrageous. $14 for a burger with cheese, lettuce & tomatoes? That's the "Meet Your Maker" burger & the one I ordered. Oh you want fries? $1.50 extra for that. So $15.50 for a smallish burger & fries. My friend got the standard deluxe with fries. She asked for bacon & was told that they could bring bacon out on a side plate next to the burger but NO, they would not add the bacon onto the burger before serving it to her. That's some hipster nonsense right there. Whatever.So first I get the wrong burger. As in, not the one I ordered. I send it back. I watch my friend eat 3/4 of her food before my correct burger comes out. I ordered it PINK. It came out EXTREMELY WELL DONE. This is like the TENTH TIME that I have attempted to order a pink burger & gotten one that was well done at Burgatory. I mean, it's literally a JOKE to me at this point. I wasn't even surprised that they overcooked it. My friend suggested I send it back AGAIN but at this point, she was done with her food & I wasn't waiting another 15 minutes. Oh and guess what else? Our buns were very stale. Nice & tough & crumbly. Yum.The bill comes... nothing was comped. I wasn't expecting a free meal but maybe free french fries? Or $5 off the bill? Nothing. Total price for two iced teas & two burgers with fries? $35. THIRTY FIVE DOLLARS. I tipped the waitress 20% on top of that, even though she messed up my order. So that brought it to $42.If you want mediocre food not cooked to order, an attitude about adding bacon to your burger and to be price-gouged, then by all means, continue to patronize this overrated chain restaurant. Otherwise, SKIP IT.
4	Went here for dinner yesterday - food and service were great. I split the onion rings and a Grand-dad's Secret hard shake with my mom - both were amazing. For my meal, I had the portebello salad and my mom had the veggie burger. Both were good, and I would definitely come back again - nothing about the salad or burger was too special though. It looks like a great place to watch a game, so I will be back to see one.
1	I went to the Waterfront location while in town for work.  The burgers were only okay and the chips left a lot to be desired.  The beer selection had a nice variety of local draft brews but prices were steep for a burger with chips and 2 beers, $30+ with tip.  For a burger joint I expect more unique combinations and selection on the build your own menu.  The chips just don't match the prices or the burgers.  I sat at the bar but had slow service with the bartenders just being too busy making drinks for the table.  I won't go back.
5	I've been to this location several times, but have not been to any of the others. This one is really nice though! It feels very industrious and it's a large space with a lot of variety in types of seating. It's usually really busy so you should use open table to reserve your name on their waiting list! It saves you a lot of time and grief.I always 'make my own' burger and have always really enjoyed them. There are so many options and I feel like you really can't go wrong. The ingredients are super fresh and still so the next day if you have left overs. About that... they're pretty large! I get pretty full off of one half. They typically come with a side of chips, which also stay really crispy the next day.Other than burgers, I've replaced my chips for fries a few times, and I've also tried their milkshakes and onion rings. The milkshakes are very very good! I've tried all except their chocolate one. My two favorite are the smore's one and the caramel pretzel one. And the onion rings are HUGE, like as big as my face! But they're good and filling. There's a reason it's always so busy so if you're contemplating on going, you should definitely go!
4	Their fluffer nutter butter (shakes) is the best !!!
5	This place is amazing. Delicious burgers, crazy good shakes, and just all around fun.
3	Burgatory is very good, but overpriced. It's overall worth a one time visit and financial splurge, but going there consistently and custom making your burgers is going to add up to about $15-20 (minimum) each visit. I'm not a burger person, so $15 for any burger is pricey for me, but maybe not to a burger affectionado. Their milkshakes are around $6 for non alcoholic and $8.50 for alcohol, although you can put alcohol in the non alcoholic and nix alcohol in the alcoholic shakes if desired. My favorite shake is the almond torte cake shake, although I would definitely order it without alcohol because the alcohol makes it much more filling and strong. It tastes just like an almond torte cake and your first taste is nothing short of mouth watering! I also had the smores shake, which I wouldn't order again due to it tasting dull compared to others. The apple pancakes and bacon shake is surprisingly good, but once again, I would nix the alcohol. And I wouldnt recommend a shake and a full dinner. I'm a big eater but even for me, it is just way too much for one sitting. *You will leave wishing you didn't overindulge, trust me! * You can take a non alcoholic shake home though, so that is an option for those of us who cant pound it down after eating a full meal. I usually order from their pre-selected menu choices because it is much cheaper than making a custom burger ($9.50-11). I last had the "Potluck dinner" which was a pulled pork sandwich and I was not impressed. The pork was dry, the bun was soggy and I was very disappointed by this. However, previously I ordered the "Ying Yang chicken sandwich" which was out of this world good! The field greens as a side is wonderful with the dressing they put on it. **You have to request fries otherwise you will get chips. The burger options are chicken, hormone free beef, bison, elk, veggie, dry aged wagyu and crab. I ordered bison, elk and wagyu and all were very good. The elk tasted slightly different from a regular beef burger, but the others didn't taste too exotic, so I would recommend any of those patties to people who aren't very adventurous with their food selections. Overall would recommend this place but be careful making a custom creation- they have so many wonderful choices but most of those choices come with a price!
4	I've had the Meat your Maker and the Classic, and the classic is my favorite - it's the special sauce!Milkshakes are amazing here - salted nutella crunch is awesome. The chips that come with the burgers are pretty good, thick cut. I got cole slaw once but it was a little weird and spicy; more of a vinaigrette than dressed slaw. Expensive, but consistently good.
1	So there's obviously a lot of hype about this place.  We went with some people that had been there before, and they all seemed to enjoy it, but this place was not for us. First off, we get there, and they say there's going to be a 2 hour wait.  So fortunately, they text you when your table is ready, so you can walk around the waterfront.  Unfortunately, there's not 2 hours worth of walking around to do at the waterfront, so after about an hour, we were waiting bored for our table.  And then 2 hours turned into 2 1/2 hours before we actually got seated.I got a milkshake, and that was very good, albeit a little pricy ($6).  The burgers however left a lot to be desired.  I got the farm burger, which has ham, cheese, and egg on it.  I always get the Royal Red Robin Burger, which is similar (minus the ham), and love that.  This however was not the best.  It was definitely lacking cheese.  I don't like hamburgers without cheese.  The beef patties on these burgers are big, so don't skimp on the cheese!  There was too much beef, and the beef was bland.  I ate about 75% of my burger and just gave up, because I didn't like it enough to finish it.  Too much bland beef taste, and not enough cheese/toppings.  About half the people at our table of 8 didn't finish their burgers.   Not because it was too much food, just because we didn't really enjoy the burgers that much.  I was talking to a friend on the way out who didn't finish, and he said the same thing as me, too much bland beef, not enough cheese.The fries and chips were good though, and as I already mentioned, so were the shakes, but this is a burger place, not a fry and shake place, so I can say with assurance I'll never be back.   I'd go to Red Robin (comparing it here, because it's right across the street) in a heartbeat over this place.
5	Best burger that I've had in a long time!
3	I am a big fan of Burgatory but in the past couple of times, it's been disappointing. The food wasn't that good especially the burger buns. The Herbed focaccia is especially bad and it tastes like stale bread. The meat is good as per the usual.Also, the wait was exceptionally long. I don't mind it when the food is good, but it hasn't. I'm disappointed because for the longest time, it was my favorite Pittsburgh burger place.
4	Tip: call ahead of time or set up a table early and go walk around the wait time is always crazy. Me and my gf just put our names in then they text you when your table is ready. Now onto the food it was amazing at a decent and competitive price. I loved the build your own burger and my gfs burger was amazing. If you aren't into potato chips make sure to ask for fries because that's what they come with. The cost for two burgers water and a shake was 32$ so not bad for a big burger and a lot of food.
5	Hands down one of the best places to get a burger--especially a veggie burger. This place is CRAZY delicious. It is one of the best meals I've ever had. Their milkshakes are simply unbelievable--especially their smores. There are a ton of options and even for a burger joint, it is super vegetarian friendly! Be prepared to leave extremely satisfied with a large food-baby.
3	I'm not sure that it's all it's hyped up to be but I still think it's a neat experience.The milkshakes are incredible and filling. They have a nice veggie burger option. I do suggest getting the fries instead of the chips though. The chips are always undercooked yet burnt.
2	Freezing cold - air conditioner blowing on us when it's 50 degrees out. Told the waitress but not much she can do I guess. Also- don't order ranch on your burger ...  They won't put much on but will make you pay for more. Won't be back.
4	Being someone who does not eat red meat, it makes if very difficult to find a good burger- Burgatory is just the place to do that. I had a make-your-own-esque burger and the list of things to add to it went on for a full page. Everything from the standard, to pineapple was offered and an addition was only $.50 or $1. The only thing that was disappointing was the service, but then again it was at a rush on a Friday evening. Overall a great meal for a good price.
4	One of the best burguer places I've ever been to! Outstanding milkshakes, monster sized burguers, I couldn't finish it all. I've heard of the long lines, but I guess I was lucky enough to wait for a couple of minutes only. Pricy pricy, but portions are big.
4	My bff accompanied me to the Waterfront this past Saturday for some shopping. My friend, fellow yelper Carrie W, has had burgers from Burgatory before, just not this location. We have tried, unsuccessfully, on two other occasions to eat here. However, the wait was simply too long. One Saturday night at 7:30 the wait was an hour and a half....and I simply refuse to wait that long for any meal.We lucked out this weekend, however. It was 3pm, and I was hoping that there wouldn't be much of a wait, if any, since it was neither lunch or dinner time. We did have a wait, but it wasn't more than 10 minutes. The hostess offered to text my friend when our table was ready, which gave us the freedom to shop around instead of just standing around.The food was delicious. We both opted to create our own burger. I chose the All Natural Chicken on a Whole Wheat bun, Angel Dust rub and Horseradish Cheddar cheese....which was yummy!....as well as some veggie toppings and ranch on the side. My friend got the Dry Aged Wagyu burger, also on a Whole Wheat bun. Both of us opted for the salad instead of sweet potato fried chips, for an up-charge of $1.50. Totally worth it. The salads came out with the burgers, and took up the majority of the plate. Not some cheap salad with iceburg lettuce and croutons. Oh, no. Mixed greens with tomatoes, nuts, cheese....and the balsamic dressing was good too.Our waiter was friendly and attentive, as much as you can be when the place is packed. The only downsides I would say came from my friend's side. She ordered her burger medium rare, which is certainly was not (no pink at all, in fact). However, she did say that it was tasty, regardless. Also, IPAs are $8....pricey. Sorry, maybe I'm just a little on the cheap side.Overall, I enjoyed my meal. The only real negative is that this place is simply too small and, really, not the coziest. Anyone who has read my past reviews knows that I am a fan of comfort. There are a lot of tables and most of the booths are those half booths, with one side being a bench seat and the other a regular old chair. I do think that Burgatory will be a success, despite their being so many failed businesses in this spot previously. That being said, add more comfy booths and expand. Other than that, great place for lunch or dinner!
5	The burger I had here was literally the best burger I've ever had enter the holy boundaries of my mouth. Every second that I held it in my hand, every moment it rested on my tongue, was like fulfilling a life long dream I never knew I had. All that was present in my room was me and my burger and the moment it entered my mouth I knew I found my true love. As I licked my lips saying goodbye to the burger, I promised that I will return to see it once again.
4	This is my husband's favorite restaurant by a long shot, so we go here often. Of the three current locations this one is my favorite. I'm not really a red meat eater, but it doesn't even matter... their crab burger is delicious, and they have chicken/homemade veggie burgers. They do the "make your own burger" checklist which is fun but can get pricey if you're not paying attention. Great mixed drinks. Good for groups... if you can get in (there's almost always a wait). Tip: they're on the App "NoWait" and you can get in line from your phone. A cool app but the most useful at this place.
4	Lots to eat. Giant burgers with lots of options. I couldnt find the cheese and thought that it needed nore carmelized onions. Took a long time to get my onion rings but the manager comped it because the first ones burnt and my dinner came out with it.  They were huge and very good!   I recommend too as suggested to get milkshakes with the burgers. I got the burnt almond one. It had a little too much whipped cream but was enjoyable.  Place had many empty tables for a weeknight and the popularity. Glad i ordered burger pink and red. Mine was medium rare to rare and red must be raw. Based on the reviews I expected the best burger ever. It was large but didnt have the flavor. I couldnt taste the seasoning or the bbq sauce. I would like to try it again. I think the chef had a bad day.
4	This place never disappoints! The burgers are always huge and messy (in a good way) and some of the cocktails have a unique twist to them, which I really appreciate. The custom menu makes it easy to get creative, and their regular menu has plenty to choose from as well. I have a dairy allergy but am not vegan whatsoever, so I love being able to get vegan cheese on a regular burger. The space fills up a little too quickly and the seating isn't as comfortable as it could be, bringing the rating down to four stars. I do wish they could expand to a larger location somehow...the Waterfront is an immense shopping complex and the ridiculously long wait times (even with that app!) are the biggest downfall.
4	Holy burger.   I have been here twice and the food is well worth the trip.  First, the appetizer - a take on poutine.   Fries, gravy, cheese curds, with some rosemary braised short ribs.   Amazing.   Lots of meat  and just the right balance of herbs, salt, and cheese curd.   I ordered it both times even though I knew how big the burgers are.    Which brings me to the burgers.    The first one I had was the Meat Your Maker.   I wasn't sure about this one, but it was great.  The meat was tender and juicy, and the toppings were a nice tangy compliment.   My choice on the second trip was the Elk Gone Wild.  This one was also good, though definitely a little overpowered by the toppings.   The bacon onion jam was the main flavor in the dish.   Both were messy, so this is maybe not a first date kind of place.  Homemade chips on the side completed each dish.    Next time, I will try the milkshakes, which looked amazing.  Maybe split a burger to justify fitting that in.  Four stars instead of five because our server was in la-la land both times.  No personality, slow service, slow on the refills, didn't know the menu, etc.
4	Burgatory lived up to the hype. It was jammed packed on a Sunday and the service was amazing. Loved the atmosphere but I didn't love my veggie burger much. I've had veggie burgers from a lot of places and this one is at the bottom of the list. The great service and the milkshake kind of made up for it. I didn't think it was pricey either. Paid about twenty dollars for a milkshake and a meal. Would I go back again? Probably not but I most definitely enjoyed checking this place out. My friends were right "Why go to a burger place if you don't eat burgers?"
3	Grabbing a quick bite at the Waterfront isn't easy, but on this day we were lucky.  Arriving at 4:30pm for a "Linner", there was no wait at Burgatory (for the first time EVER).  Quickly seated, we decided to indulge in one last gluttenous meal before the New Year.We opted for a tasty craft beer and a Pratl's Burnt Almond Torte milkshake to share.  MMMmmm that milkshake may have been one of the best things I had in 2014... and it had alcohol in it :)The guacamole and chips left us feeling "meh" since they were just kind of flavorless.I opted for the Phat Patti's veggie burger since it sounded delightful.  What I got was mush.  My burger just crumbled apart into a pile on my plate.  The even if there flavor was there, it was just a mushy texture that left me wishing I ordered an actual burger.  Normally I'm a big veggie burger fan, but this left me disappointed.Next time I visit Burgatory, I plan on ordering actual meat and a milkshake... mmm that milkshake :)
5	This place is so good! Their shakes are delicious and a meal in themselves. The IPA cheese fries are delicious and the burgers are cooked to perfection. This place makes me fat kid happy.
