5	I work next door to this bakery and I must say... The anticipation we had while it was being built was well worth it. We started off our morning with an amazing assortment of Fresh croissants and other light flaky pastry items. They use a lot of dark chocolate in the twists and other pastry and it is just enough to sweeten it up but not overpower it with sugar. I decided to walk into the bakery and get a mocha since they also offer a full selection of Coffee and teas.  Bingo another great offering, the mocha was perfect, and not overly sweet, I was also able to talk to the main chef Megan Romano, she can sure get her bake on.Take the time to go support this awesome bakery, not only is it locally owned but the decor is very modern and comfortable, With nice seating available for a quick bite or a coffee or book club meeting with a group this a must visit. Get your baked good, Breads, Coffee, Tea and to die for candy and cakes. This is a place I think you do not want to pass on. Enjoy!!
5	A brand spanking new spot to get your sugar fix has opened up on the Westside. This bakery has lovely selections of chocolates, pastries, chocolate-covered strawberries, lemon tarts, cupcakes, coffees, etc. There are also a few food items:  baked mac n cheese, salads, sandwiches, and pasta. I limited myself to a chocolate twist and lemon blueberry tart.  It's not huge, but there is a nice seating area to enjoy your selections if you want to eat there, plus a more lounge-y area with comfy chairs and ottomans.  It's great to have a place like this on my side of town--welcome to the neighborhood, Chocolate & Spice!
2	Way way too expensive!!!!!Around $3 for a chocolate croissant?! Please!!And it wasn't any better than any other I've had.Someone has to tell this guy that he's not in a casino anymore.Not worth the long drive westward I'm afraid.
5	Megan Romano, the former executive pastry chef of Aureole in mandalay bay has opened her bakery/confectionary shop called Chocolate and Spice. This place is fantastic. A beautiful cafe that is well designed, she offers breakfast pastries, desserts, ice creams, candy confections, as well as some savory items and coffee. I tried her chocolate caramel tart, brioche, and mille-feille. Chocolate Tart - When I put my spoon into it, the first thought that came to mind was "uh oh, my teeth are going to hurt.." Usually chocolate desserts that are this dense and heavy are overly sweet. But this shows Megan's brilliance. After I put it in my mouth, it was perfectly balanced and not too sweet! I was delightfully surprised.Brioche, - Soft buttery brioche. It was mixed correctly and baked correctly. Well done.Mille Feuille - Flaky mille feille with a sweetened cream and fruits, very good.If your a fan of great bakeries, you gotta check this place out!!
5	Had a birthday party to go to and decided to swing by last minute and get some treats - I was super impressed with this hidden gem!  Such a beautiful store and they had lots of choices of elegantly decorated mini desserts as well as other cakes and tarts.  I decided on 8 different mini's and they were wrapped up and put into a gorgeous box.Everything was a huge hit!
5	I read about this place and was excited to try it. I purchased a banana cream tart (individual) and a whole Red Velvet cake (6 or 7 inches tops).  Here are my thoughts. The banana tart was amazing. Truly an elevated product involving pastry and confection. The crust was a perfect puff pastry, the filling sublime, real whipped cream (in a nice pattern like little balloons), topped with a few drzzles of caramel and white/milk striped chocolate curls.  You can't even compare it with anything else in town. I think it was $5 and was worth every penny if not more. I have to admit I had specific ideas about the Red Velvet cake (for a variety of personal and culinary reasons). The cake did hit 2 very important marks.  First, the cake itself had some chocolate flavor notes (I think a proper Red Velvet cake is a derivative of a devils food cake).  Second, I was wondering what they would do with the standard frosting (which is heavy with cream cheese and cloyingly sweet). I am pleased to write, the cake was perfect and the cream cheese icing was light and smooth (like a mouseline).  I think that little cake was $45.  On one hand, that's pretty damn expensive for such a tiny cake  On the other hand, there is no comparable bakery in town (that I know of). Everyone I know orders cakes from Freed's. They are pretty cakes, but I don't really think their product is much better than a grocery store cake.  Since i just criticized Freed's, I guess I should admit that I don't care for fondant and when I make buttercream I start with a sugar syrup  I I don't think Freed's does and I believe C&S does.  Contrary to popular belief, a real buttercream is not just a muxture of confectioners sugar, butter (or worse, Crisco) and extract. Everyone deserves some decadent pasty once in a while. Reward yourself (or a foodie you know) with the taste of excellence at Chocolate & Spice.
4	Came with the BF for a after dinner treat. The shop itself is very welcoming and attractive. There are bakery goods, desserts, chocolates, candies and even some savory items and a person is there to explain it all. Most things don't have a label so even though they are helpful explaining, I'm one of those people who feel awkward because I want to ask what everything is. We settled on two of the shop favorites/ recommendations: Chocolate caramel hazelnut tart - I thought being that dense it'll be too rich and sweet. It was nicely balanced, very creamy and not too sweet of a chocolate which I much prefer. The caramel was a nice touch to it and very mild. Grand Marinier cupcake with stawberry cream- they said they just finished making them so they were very fresh. I was thinking itll have more of a orange flavor, but not so much. The texture and flavor reminded me a bit of a madeleine which I happen to really like. The cream was light and nicely done. The BF also got a ice caramel latte which was pretty good. I just sat with some water from their dispenser filled with fruit. Where we sat was very comfy which is a big plus. There's not too many pastry shops with nice ambiance around town and this would be a good place for a casual date, a meetup, perhaps a quiet place to work or study. From what I tried, it's quality and I'm excited to bite into more offerings.
5	Chocolate & Spice is an incredible bakery! The pastries are amazing and remind me of the ones I had when I lived in France. They have a great selection of sweet and savory pastries as well as chocolate, cakes, gelato, and tarts. They also offer coffee, tea, mochas, and complimentary lemon / lime water. This bakery is a great addition to the Westside neighborhood!
5	I've heard so much about this place ever since it was opened 3 weeks ago. Their good reviews were everywhere (Vegas Seven, Vegas Weekly and Yelp). People said the east side has Bread & Butter, and now, the west has Megan Romano's Chocolate and Spice Bakery (the former executive pastry chef of Aureole in Mandalay Bay). Although I live in Henderson area and a fan of Bread and Butter, I was attracted by all the rave reviews for this place. I came here with family on Memorial day weekend. It wasn't as crowded as I thought it would be. A plus for me so I can enjoy my food and its cute deco without the crowd and noises. Bakery looks very bright and trendy with a feminine touch. They have great selections of chocolate bon bon, fluffy pastries, savory sandwiches, salads, soups, cakes, quiches, frittatas to homemade ice creams.  We ordered breakfast frittatas (with oven-roasted Vegetables and parmesan pesto), brioche (with mozzarella cheese, tomato and prosciutto), sandwich (with mozzarella, tomato, roasted eggplant, basil, balsamic), banana cream pie and mocha latte. The food we ordered and desert were fresh and light. The breakfast frittatas and banana cream pie were lovely. It was the best banana cream pie I ever had! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nYzCr8fcJ2ci4aiB1-hB6w?select=K8KU2CzmC3AnHzXvqwCMXg#IYvKCA01e4XqTDtGadyQMg) No wonder the banana cream pie is their number one selling item! Crust tasted really fluffy and filling tasted light not too sweet. You could actually get couple pieces of fresh banana from there. It was simple and perfect. I was also impressed with their mocha latte. It was good quality stuff. We ended our lunch with their homemade ice creams. Blackberry crumble and cookie n cream both tasted super creamy and silky. Chef was generous with fresh blackberries when making blackberry ice cream. I got 5 big blackberries in 2 scoops of ice cream! I also got 4 chocolate bon bon to go. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nYzCr8fcJ2ci4aiB1-hB6w?select=K8KU2CzmC3AnHzXvqwCMXg#s_Qjnoobaz8s4Wk_hMMXYQ)Each bon bon is $2. I felt it was fair price for high quality chocolate, design and pretty box comes with it. I would say peanut butter bon bon was best out of  four flavors I got. (mountain berry, peanut butter, earl grey, strawberry balsamic) I can't wait to try their cake selections when I go back next time. This bakery is definitely a local gem. They can also create custom pastries, cakes, personalized catering menus and unique cooking classes.Hope Chef Megan can open another store soon on the east side of the town so I can pay my visit more often ;)
5	Short review: go, eat, eat a lot. You're getting world-class quality pastry at neighborhood prices.I ordered a half-sandwich and a banana cream pie. The sandwich started sort of non-descript, but the more I got into the cranberry bread and the light mayo/dressing, the more I liked it. A half ($5.50) is plenty if you plan to eat dessert. Oh, by the way: plan to eat dessert.I worked at Mandalay while Chef Romano was at Aureole and had the privilege of enjoying her work multiple times, so I came in knowing what to expect. The cream in the little flaky pie shell was fantastic, light and rich at the same time. The caramel was unreal, a total standout. I paid $4. If you're wondering if that's good or bad, just know you could easily pay $10 for the same dessert if Chef Romano were making it inside a casino.Yeah, I know $2-3 for a croissant or bun seems like a little extra. For the quality, it's worth the money. Go enjoy something of a quality you don't often get to enjoy at a fair price and without walking through a smoky row of slot machines to get to it.
5	What is Joseph A. talking about? First of all if you are going to rate a bakery, do your homework. The owner is Megan Romano, a woman! She is highly skilled, trained, and uses the finest quality ingredients and she is a local business owner who braved the Las Vegas recession to follow her passion. Second, just go get your average, machine made croissant at Starbuck's where you will pay the same amount and keep your negative comments to yourself. I guess yelp is like a person, there is always one ass*&%e!Anyway...Went there on a Sunday morning to dive into all of her offerings. WOW! We met Megan herself and she was so gracious, helpful and friendly. We ordered the banana cream pie, very fresh and creamy for sure. We also had the ham and Gruyere fritatta, nice savory start to our spiral into sugarland. We enjoyed the chocolate and hazelnut tarte, super velvety chocolate with a hazelnut crust and gooey caramel. Then we had the espresso chip shortbread cookie with a caramel and chocolate filling....ummmm WOW. Nice balance of salty sweet flavors and smooth, crunchy textures. Nice to dip into my espresso. Then...it gets even better because Megan brought us out a almond cake with warm fig compote and marscapone cream topped with fresh peaches-this is a must! We finished with three gelatos (house made of course) the grapefruit, my favorite, strawberry watermelon, and cantaloupe.Looking at the inventory of what we indulged in now has me heading to the gym. It was worth the sweat and hard work to enjoy all the beautiful and delicious creations Megan Romano has prepared for our town. Embrace her genius!
5	We came back. The grand marinier strawberry cupcake and the linzer chocolate caramel torte left a great impression to return. The quality is great and I think the prices are very reasonable...put those two things together and I think it's quite a steal for gourmet treats (I put up pics of the menu w/ prices). This time around the BF and I had a hard time deciding what to get but settled on: Banana Cream Pie ( pastry crust shell coated in white chocolate, vanilla bean custard, bananas, whipped cream and caramel honey sauce) . BF and I don't like banana cream pies in general. We never gravitate towards them since jell-o pudding stuffed diner pies have turned us off. The fact that it is the most popular item though, we had to try. The white chocolate on the crust shell was a good call as it made sure that the crust will never get soggy but added a nice texture and flavor. The custard was wonderfully done, bananas were fresh, the whipped cream and caramel were just perfect. If someone can make me like something I normally don't, I am a believer. We also got a oatmeal currant cookie - they asked if we wanted it warmed which was nice. It had a citrusy profile about it which wasn't expected but nice. I'm not a crunchy cookie fan too much and had the greatest desire to see this as a crust to something though. BF got another caramel latte here as theirs is good. To take home we got a peach apple cobbler pie and a espresso shortbread cookie sandwich with expresso chocolate bits and dulce de leche in it. Cobbler was pretty good with the ice cream we had at home. That cookie though- that is a epic cookie. I want a box full of them.Their savory items look quite nice so it is something we need to make plans to try sometime. The staff has been very nice, both times. This time we even got samples of the vibrant and fresh sorbets and ice cream to wet the palette while we were trying to decide. With the warm staff and the pretty yet comfortable surroundings makes this a place that you can hang around a while. They encourage it - there are board games in the back even. I want a place like this to succeed and for a month in it seems they are doing alright. Would like to spread the word so will be planning a Sunday brunch UYE (unofficial yelp event) coming up in July once my nutritional study in June is over. Go for the delicious offerings, but stay a while.
5	Upon entering Chocolate and Spice a few miles west of the Vegas strip, there is an immediate sense of sophistication and class to this recent bakery opened by Megan Romano, former pastry chef at Aureole with one Michelin star under her belt.  A copy of her new book "It's a Sweet Life" was open at the counter and I was struck by the quote on the back of the book:"A great dessert *speaks to you, yet it never shouts. *Invites you to linger over the flavors, not to loosen your belt. It is made to *impress, not to overwhelm.For me, dessert has often been an afterthought to a great meal, and with the selections of sweet goodness here, I may have discovered my long-lost sweet-tooth.  The counter is filled with a tantalizing selection of sorbets/ice creams, pastries, and artisan chocolates.  Yet there are also mouthwatering savory selections including a brioche bun baked with blackforest ham and gruyere, gourmet sandwiches, and freshly made frittatas still intact in their baking pans.  I opted to order a cup of coffee, a slice of the veggie frittata, and a personal benchmark for any bakery I venture into, the pain au chocolat (chocolate croissant).The frittata was drizzled in a freshly made basil pesto and had a delicate texture akin to a fine Japanese chawanmushi topped by a crispy crust of golden shaved parmesan with intermittent nooks and crannies of fresh spring vegetables such as chive and asparagus.   The pain au chocolate stayed true to her philosophy with just enough chocolate to leave you wanting more but not in excess so as to prevent one appreciating the buttery and flaky croissant which is the primary star. The decor and layout of the venue is beautiful, very much reflecting Chef Romano's fine arts background, and no attention to detail is spared.  There is nothing short of "everything nice" to be enjoyed here in addition to Chocolate and Spice, and I can't wait to return for more.
5	I'm in bakery heaven!  There is so much to choose from and it all looks delicious.  I have already been twice and can see it would not be hard for me to become a regular here.  The interior decoration is very inviting and service is great.  They get bonus points for serving such delicious espresso drinks!I had their soup and half sandwich combo on my last visit - ham and cheese on focaccia with gazpacho, and it is apparent that quality ingredients are a priority here.  I loved the individual banana cream pie I had for dessert, the interior was light and creamy and the crust was flaky.  I got to try a bite of the strawberry napoleon, and would have been just as pleased with that selection.  I am excited to see businesses like this spread out across Vegas and will be sure to do my part to support them.
5	It was definitely a nice first impression of the place. It has the feeling of a cozy, coffee house, with big comfy, leopard printed armchairs. They even provide some board games, which is cute. As for food, it was amazing. Nothing crazy priced, considering how delicious what we ordered was. My friend and I tried the Creme Brulee, the Banana Cream Pie, and the Smores. With Smores being on the bottom of the awesome list (not that it was bad), the Creme Brulee was perfect - sweet, but not too sweet. And right before serving it, they throw on the sugar topping and torch it. Beautiful. My favorite was certainly the Banana Cream Pie though. Same thing - sweet, but not too sweet. It was soft, fluffy, flaky, and just really good. For someone who has no special craving for sweets, I loved this place!
5	Excellent prices, amazing food, and its not just sweets. Had an incredible chicken salad wrap on a spinach tortilla with pistachio, apples. Will come back with more people.
4	Yummy lemon tart! Like! :-)
4	Very cute little bakery...Walking in, I couldn't help but feel it was very quaint, had a definite feminine touch to it. No offense, but I could pictures the ladies lounging, drinking coffee, nibbling on a pastry, and enjoying the ambiance. After reading the reviews, I decided to make a stop Tuesday morning (Closed Mondays). I ordered the Roast Vegetable Egg White Frittata and the popular mini Banana Cream Pie. Their pastries definitely look top notch, so edible and pretty. I was disappointed that they couldn't serve a nutella latte that morning, so I opted for a hazelnut one instead. I loved their banana cream pie. And I don't usually eat banana cream. The frittata was A-OK. Latte was very tasty and well-made.They definitely have many selections to drool over, so I'll have to make another trip here. I think their scones were calling my name.
5	Megan Romano has opened her own place after years of being the best pastry chef on the strip.  Her ice creams, sorbets, and pastries manage to strike a fantastic balance between sweet and savory that I have found from no other pastry chef in the city.   This place is a must visit.
5	Who am I kidding, I ordered a small salad and peach iced tea while I stared at the bakery case of Chocolate and Spice. I caved in and ordered about 9 of these scrumptious looking desserts to go. One for me and the others for my veterinarian's office. I ate the banana cream pie in my car enroute to my vet. I am sure I had pie all over my face and I was sad when a few crumbs ended up on my passenger seat. Come for the desserts and justify it with a bike spin class in the afternoon.
3	Tried banana cream pie ($3.75), pistachio ice cream ($3.50/cup) vegetable frittata ($4.75) and chocolate hazelnut brownie bombe ($3.75)Honestly, I don't think this place deserves 5 stars. The desserts are good looking but nothing fancy. The young girl who served us was friendly. From all the reviews here, I thought one bite and I would be in dessert heaven, but..... Both my husband and I were disappointed. We both went hungry too. I noticed there were 2 reviews here that were composed by someone with no friends and only had one review? Hmmm.....
5	This bakery has some great treats.  Delectable macarons stuffed with raspberries and whipped cream.  The strawberry rhubarb pie was excellent.  And my latest discovery - banana french toast with granola - superb.  Everything here has been great.  Items do change regularly so your favorites may not be there at all times.  But everything has been excellent.  Branch out and try something new.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Their lattes are awesome and the mini banana cream pie is delectable! The caramel drizzle adds just the right amount of sweetness!
3	The wife and I have been in for lunch a couple of times now. The store front is very cute/pretty and the baked goods are of superior quality, delicious actually. The ladies just love this place. The staff is friendly and eager to help. It's just not as delicious as Patisserie Manon/5-stars. But once again it is very cute/pretty and my wife visualy eats it up. You won't be disappointed with C&S and I am sure we will be back.
4	This has to be the CUTEST place ever! I wouldn't hesitate at all to bring my friends here for a great treat and a good talk! It was just a girl's bakery fantasy! So, a definite 5 stars for the ambience and deco. Now to the food. We got the banana cream pie (great presentation), Tiramisu, & S'mores Bar. To be honest, none of these desserts blew me away, but they were definitely unique and tasty. The banana cream pie was great. The puff pastry was lined with white chocolate on the inside and was delicious! The s'mores bar is good if you like peanut butter...(which I don't). I didn't enjoy the tiramisu much. It just didn't have that deep flavor I'm used to in my favorite tiramisus.It's definitely a place worth checking out ASAP!
5	The ambiance of this gourmet bakery is awesome! The decors were contemporary and very inviting...totally my style!We ordered a banana cream pie (most popular according to the server), red velvet cake (looks like a mini trifle), turkey-cranberry bread sandwich, ham-lemon herbed focaccia bread with aioli sauce and several kinds of bread (to go). The banana cream pie was good and something different. The cream's sweetness was just right and puff pastry was flaky. The only suggestion I would have to make is to put more bananas in the pie. I only saw 3 small pieces inside the pie.  The red velvet was also sweetened just right.  The cream cheese frosting balanced well with the moist cake.  I haven't tried the sandwiches since we just had lunch when we went here so I just took it home. But I believe their sandwiches looked a little pricey especially the ham sandwich since it was kinda small. Oh we also had some of their pomegranate iced tea...it's ordinary and I think this was way overpriced.  $3.95 for a 20 oz and its not even sweetened.All in all I was very satisfied with the desserts I've tried. Will come back for sure! I wanna try their croissants!
5	In the area this morning, I checked my trusty Yelp app to see what I had bookmarked in the area to give me an idea for breakfast. I noticed Chocolate & Spice and was excited to check it out after all the great reviews since they opened. Browsing through the reviews and quick tips, I focused in on the strawberry rhubarb pie that Holly C recommended. I'm a sucker for pie, tarts and torts. Anything with a pie crust has my heart and add some sour and sweet and it's bliss. The crust was absolutely perfect. Crumbly and crispy on the edges, just how I like it. The strawberry rhubarb filling was perfection. Tangy and fruity, with a great texture.I can't wait to come back to try some more of their sweet and savory options, but I'll have to get another bite of that strawberry rhubarb as well!
3	We came here last week with high expectations but I think this place is over-hyped. Based on the reviews I was expecting much more. The pastry selection was rather small and several of the desserts were layered puddings which I don't consider to be real desserts (I can make pudding at home). We had the banana muffin which was alright, the banana cream pie was good, and by default we got  a chicken salad sandwich (delicious) because there was nothing else I could find that I wanted to try. They have some good items but for a bakery that is getting 5 star reviews I was expecting a large selection of phenomenal goodies.
5	Had a veggie frittata, a scone, and a brownie.  It was all good, but I was most impressed with the brownie - the flavor was perfect and it was so light and cake-like, delightful!
5	We're a small company coming from out-of-town that needed some on-site catering needs at a local convention.  After reviewing multiple Yelp reviews, I settled on Chocolate and Spice as I loved the elegance and detail that Megan put in all her previous work.  Despite being a new establishment, Megan is by no means new to the high-end pastry world.  Let me tell you, she is perhaps one of the best pastry chefs I've ever met or had the pleasure of working with.  Having lived in New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Boston, and all across Asia, I have never met someone that could produce such deliciously consistent, yet beautiful desserts.  Her French Macaroons are just as good as Bouchon, her shortbread espresso cookies are to die for, and her pistachio biscotti are amazing.  She may not produce a huge variety, but I'd rather have incredible quality as there are many other dessert shops out there that have tons of variety but mediocre quality.  Given her work experience and tenure at some of Las Vegas' top hotels, I emailed her a quick picture of what I was thinking of and she came with her staff to do a full setup.  We had people comment all day on how great everything looked.  We were giving out 5 different small dessert varieties and each one was carefully packaged and delivered.  I can't tell you what a professional she was.  She even took care to weigh and measure her desserts given the restrictions we were working with at the Hotel Convention Center.  I would highly recommend her for any wedding or catering job as you're not going to find someone better in Vegas area - she's as good as it gets!
5	Choc. & Spice is a wonderful bakery, where everything tastes as good as it looks.  The atmosphere is inviting, the staff friendly and the service excellent.  The Vegas crowd is fortunate that Megan Romano stayed in town after her stint at Aureole.  Everything is made with quality ingredients, from the breakfast pastries to the fine quality chocolates. Special Kudos to the bakery's sous chef, Keris, for getting up early and making the best  homemade donuts (with chocolate ganache) for my daughter's birthday.  She wanted donuts....  I don't even like donuts and these were amazing.  Unlike most donuts these were not too sweet.No more running down to Bouchon or Payard every time we want a tasty treat, and in many instances Choc. & Spice is better. BTW:  First time posting on Yelp. I have never been compelled to post before.
4	Charming bakery and coffee shop,,, with a relaxing atmosphere and delectable desserts! Went to celebrate a birthday and tried several sweets: banana creme pie, strawberry rhubarb pie, peanut butter bar and triple choco mousse. We shared bites and all were delicious. The banana creme pie definitely has a unexpected twist and was not your typical pie. The crust is similar to a Napoleon... light, flaky and crispy and the insides are a creamy "bnanna" melt in your mouth custard, topped with ample whip creme, a caramel drizzle and choc shaving.The peanut butter bar and mousse were rich and chocolaty. The strawberry pie a traditional treat with fabulous crust. The staff was welcoming and friendly and more then willing to explain in detail choices. We came at 6:30pm and asked if they close promptly at 7pm, to make our decision to stay or go and the counter staff indicated they would stay as long as we needed. Can't ask for more then that!
4	I wish I could say that I am in this area a little more often to justify a trip to Chocolate & Spice more often. With a large display case of gorgeous and decadent desserts, I want to eat them all. As I was browsing through, each new item that entered my view was going to be the one. In the end, I decided to trust the suggestion of Jade W. and ordered the Banana Cream Pie. At $3.75, it was not going to break my wallet and was everything that was promised to me.The flaky pastry shell stayed crisp due to the thin layer of white chocolate coating the inside. The banana cream was not too sweet and had pieces of fresh bananas within. The whipped cream was light and fluffy. Finish this off with a drizzle of caramel and a few chocolate straws and I was in heaven. The nest time I stop in, I promised myself a few of the chocolates. With such unique flavors as Earl Grey, or Lavender, they were taunting me.
5	I was looking for a bakery that could make a little mermaid themed cake and I thought I'd check out Chocolate & Spice. So I came in and talked to Megan as well as her sous chef, they were very nice and gave me a great price! It was finally the day of the party and the cake was delivered to my suite (they only charged a small fee for the delivery which I thought was a huge plus!) . I was so amazed at how beautiful it looked! Not only was the cake beautiful it also tasted really good! We got three flavors which were red velvet with creme cheese filling, chocolate with chocolate ganache filling, and pound cake with raspberry jelly. I have to say their chocolate cake was thee best out of the three! I wish I had made it the biggest tier! I am definitely coming back for any future events!
4	This place is a diabetic's worst nightmare and a wet dream for any food porn addict. The displays are full of items you'll lust after -- from desserts to pastries to ice cream and a few savory items to boot.The pastries I've tried, like the apricot croissant ($2.75) and caramel brioche sticky bun ($3), were average, as was the sausage and pepper frittata ($4.75). But, there's plenty that makes up for their shortcomings.Sandwiches are delicious and perfect to grab and go if you need lunch on the run since they're pre-made. The roast turkey ($7.25) with gruyere cheese, apricot mustard aioli, bibb lettuce on a cranberry multigrain roll, in particular, is excellent and a good value for what amounts to a 7 or 8 inch sandwich.Where this shop excels is with desserts like the chocolate hazelnut tart ($3.75). The strong hazelnut flavor and varying textures from the nuts, caramel, and chocolate make it a winner. The mint chocolate tart ($3.75) is equally delicious with it's subtle mint flavor and sweetness.Most items have an understated elegance in both appearance and flavor. Bolder flavor doesn't always translate into better taste. The food here is subtle and refined. While some desserts are sweet, they're not sickenly sweet. Most are similar to European desserts in that sense. They don't hit you over the head with sugar but, instead tease you with their sweetness and leave you wanting more. Their sweets are addictive and for Strip quality desserts, this place is tough to pass up.
3	I had high hopes for this place when the boss suggested it for lunch.  I had the lunch special: soup and half a sandwich.  I have to say that both were excellent in quality.  French onion soup-yum.  Chicken salad wrap-double yum.  Since there was a guy camped out at a table for four with his laptop and other people at the real tables, we were forced to sit in the back, which was very dark.  My boss enjoyed her egg salad sandwich on a savoy croissant, but liquid ran out of it.  (?)  My coworker thought the gazpacho was not to her liking, but she liked her sandwich.  The sodas were bottles in a fridge and my boss didn't like her iced coffee.  I think perhaps this is a good dessert place, but not really a ideal lunch place.
5	This place is great! Good coffee, fantastic pastries and they have an awesome chicken pot pie. Sandwiches are also excellent. All around excellent bakery. IMO, it's better than Bread & Butter (the other hot new bakery in town)
3	I visited Chocolate & Spice for the first time last week. I sort of had a fight with myself about going there because one part of me wanted to try something new while the other wanted to go back to my favoride German bakery. I ended up going anyway. There was so much to look at and all of it looked great.  But the only thing that worried me was how much everything costs. That day I didn't have a lot to spend but some of the prices of some items put me off. But hey, the owner can price his pastries anyway he wants.I bought just one of the little Banana Cream Pies for $3.75 as a gift for my mom.It's a nice bakery with good looking pastries but after I left I went straight back to my German bakery and got much more bang for my little buck.
5	CHOCOLATE-gasm!!!  Oh, my!  Was craving sweets and because of the YELP reviews, I drove 14 miles from my hotel near the airport just to get to this place and boy, they did not disappoint!  We tried the hazelnut torte, a chocolate dome cake (my fave) and another chocolate desserts and we were so impressed that we bought more for to go.  The coffee was great too!  Too bad their close through the Labor Day weekend coz we have to drive back home to L.A. on Sunday. Otherwise, I'd make another visit.  It is that good!  Place is cute and cozy, service was fantastic, I got nothin but LOVE for this place.  It has now been added of "must-do" when in Vegas.
5	I didn't know this place was here and when we pulled up I saw chocolate and new I was hooked.  This place is very girly, with the sweet smell of confection in the air. I could see myself and several girl friends sipping tea or a latte and eating scones.The display cases were full of artisan chocolates like bon bon's and truffles.  They were delicate and decorative.  It was very tempting and I wanted to try everyone I saw.There is a case of savory delights like quiche, pot pies and frittata's and there is ice cream and sorbet.   We came for the fresh bakery goods, tarts, cookies and pastries.  I picked two and my husband picked two.  They were package in cute little boxes.  They looked so pretty, I didn't want to open them.  I had a lemon blueberry muffin, it was so good, very fresh.  I also had a Mexican chocolate chip cookie, also very good.  My husband got a mini banana cream pie and a carmel sticky brioche roll.  Both were excellent.I think there is so many wonderful items here, it may take several more trips to try them all!
4	Pretty decent place. A lot of people like the banana cream pie but the cream isn't really my kind of thing. However, with all the chocolate dishes they have, you just might want some of that banana cream pie to offset all the chocolate, haha.I'm gonna try their chocolate covered strawberry next time. I got the trio chocolcate mousse and the nutella bombe. They're very chocolatey so make sure you have some milk or lots of water or something.It's my second time there and I do wanna head back down there (when I'm close to the area) to eat. I would like to try their croissant-wich among other stuff.Will update in the future as needed :)!
5	This place is on the exact opposite side of town from where I live but since I have read nothing but good reviews about this place, I decided to take that trip. I love the decor in this place, it is very modern chique. Every there looked delicious so decided to try out several different things. The grilled ham and cheese with pesto sauce had a very unique mixture of flavors. I also tried the "nutella bomb", that dessert just melted in my mouth. The layers of chocolate, chocolate mouse and nutella is to die for! With my friend's advice, I also decided to try the banana cream pie. I usually don't enjoy anything with bananas in it but this piece of pie definitely changed my mind. If this place wasn't so far away from me, I would be there at least once a week to try out every thing on the menu.
5	Places like Chocolate & Spice which specialize in baked goods start off with a handicap from me and my lactose intolerance, so it's even more impressive that C&S has earned 5 stars from me in two visits for lunch.   I was a little intimidated walking in the first time and expected to be bombarded by lots of creamy goodness that I can't stomach (literally), and so I planned my exit strategy accordingly as I approached the counter.  I was bombarded as predicted by several amazing looking pastries and desserts, but luckily I found sanctuary in a sandwich.  That first visit I got there relatively late in the day (1:30 or so) and the sandwich options seemed picked through.   The only one I saw still seemingly available in the display was the Turkey with Gruyere on the Cranberry Wheat bread.  Luckily this sounded delicious (and usually Gruyere cheese doesn't affect me as much as others) so I went with it and also got an iced green tea to go.  Result: I'm officially never going to a Subway or Port of Subs for lunch ever again.  Okay I was never going to go anyway, but what I mean to say is NONE OF YOU SHOULD EITHER.  All of the ingredients from the turkey, veggies and gruyere worked so beautifully with the cranberry wheat bread.  It was almost like another take on the popular Bobbie sandwich from Capriottis sans stuffing the way the turkey and cranberry bread went so well together.  On the 2nd visit this afternoon, I asked if I could customize the sandwich a little and they were very open to it, simply asking "What would you like?".   I asked for the turkey sandwich without cheese and with added applewood bacon which I saw being used in another sandwich.  Not a problem apparently and they asked if I wanted it toasted.  I tend to always answer yes to that question so I went with it.   I thought it was even better this 2nd time around proving for the 4,345,315,524th time that bacon makes everything better.  I'm officially in love with this cranberry bread.  The sandwich runs about $7 and with a drink it comes to about $10 and is worth every penny.  Both times service was done efficiently and with a smile.    The only minor gripe I have so far is neither time was I provided a bag to carry the sandwich out in (only in a small cardboard box) which made it a little more difficult to transport than I'd like.  Such a small price to pay for a perfectly crafted sandwich.One of these days I plan to trek down to Chocolate and Spice on my way home after work or on a weekend so I can try some of their dessert and pastry offerings and then go home and die.   From the looks of the pics and what I've seen in the case, it might just be worth it.
4	Very tasty and scrumptious desserts. Drop by and relax with your friends with a cappuccino and pastries, or pick up some dessert treats for the family. The girl who took care of me was very patient and made some great recommendations since it was my very first time.  I will definitely be back.
3	Meghan waited on us and her daughter was running around the kitchen on the day we visited.  I was disappointed to discover they were out of French macaroons, but managed to soothe my hurt feelings by sharing a mini lemon meringue pie with my wife.  Note to self - the fresh baked scones looked delicious.
3	Expensive but the children enjoyed the cup cakes.
3	Hot Chocolate = sugar water that looks kinda muddy. Can't taste much chocolate in this one. I think this is made from Nestle's Quick and hot milk. Dunno if it belongs in a bakery like this.Banana Cream Pie = Probably the best thing here. Tasty and packed full of heavy whipped cream. Mine had some semi-ripe banana slices (tasted green). I think the whipped cream could use some additional flavor infused (vanilla bean?) cause right now it just tastes like plain old piped on whipped cream. The tart shell could also be a little more substantial. Right now it crumples too easily just from picking it up. I would urge the pastry chef here to try the Banana Cream Pie at Tartine.Chocolate Bomb = Looks fantastic. Nailed it as far as looks go. It looks irresistible. Too bad, the taste didn't match the visual spender. Not enough chocolate flavor for me, but that's just my opinion.This place is 80% of the way to being a great bakery. The details will propel this place to legendary status. The poached egg brioche plate for example was very well done. The dried prosciutto chips were amazingly tasty and intensely 'porky'. The dressing on the lettuce, complimented the poached egg perfectly. This place is poised for greatness.
4	I've been meaning to write this review for some time now. My most recent visit impressed me so much that I couldn't let more time pass by. I went when it first opened, I had been anxiously waiting for it since I had tried Megan Romano's desserts at Aureole. We went there for breakfast wanting to try a bunch of things, chose a breakfast sandwich and a quiche as well as a blackberry scone and gelato. The space is decorated really nice and you can tell a lot of thought went into the details. Everybody that works there is really nice too. Anywho, the breakfast items and pastry were ok, nothing out of this world. I thought the scone was kind of dry in fact. But the gelato was OUT OF THIS WORLD! We tried grapefruit and strawberry and they were incredible, the taste was so pure! It was like taking a bite out of the freshest fruit out there!On my most recent visit I went in the evening (they are open til 7 so that's a major plus) for the sole purpose of getting my husband a treat. I ended up getting some bon bons, truffles, chocolate-covered graham crackers and oreos. In theory, they were all for my husband but since I purchased two of each, I decided when I got home to try one. OMG! I ended up trying one of each and let me tell you, they were all FANTASTIC! This is some seriously good chocolate folks. It is on the pricey side, 1.50-2 dollars a piece but well worth it. I think if they were cheaper I would end up buying 20 pieces and eating them all by myself! So tis way, you feel like it's a treat to eat and you don't devour it. You are able to savor each bite. Sheer bliss.
4	This is a wonderful new, little bakery. The menu and baked goods selection is still a bit limited (the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars). We had coffee, some of the Mac and Cheese with bacon (yummy but could have been served a bit warmer) and a really good mixed-berry pie al a mode  (which was really good). The setting was modern, urban and comfortable. I very nice little place.
5	Truly a lovely bakery with pastries, confectioneries, gelato, coffees, and scrumptious looking savory treats as well. Everything about Chocolate & Spice is above standards for cafes in Vegas. Mostly because there are so few of these gems around town. Typically you are forced to settle for a chain store, such as Starbucks. But C&S comes to the rescue with a spacious cafe with multiple seating options and numerous choices as to what will delight your palate. My friend and I came here after having had lunch and we were on the search for something sweet. We both chose the Nutella Bomb Cake. I got mine with a vanilla latte. Both were perfectly prepared. The cake was not super sweet, but provided just the right amount of dessert for me to be satisfied. I especially enjoyed the Kit-Kat like crisp wafer on the bottom. My latte was actually even better than the cake - served in a nice large cup, accompanied by a saucer so I could sip and enjoy my beverage without the fear of burning my hands while doing so.The comfy animal print chairs are the best place to spend a couple hours chatting and sipping coffees with a friend or two. I will be back to Chocolate & Spice very soon.
5	Best Bakery!! S'more was delicious and the staff was so sweet and nice!!
3	I had a 10% off coupon, which was expiring, and at DISH 2012 had sampled a few very tasty dessert confections created by Chocolate & Spice.  So, off Diane and I went to inspect this bakery.  Unfortunately, we were disappointed.  It is a bakery specializing in a very limited quantity of dessert breads and other dessert products.  And, while its Chocolate Truffles were good, they did not particularly stand out, and were quite expensive at $1.50 per small truffle.  A glass display case was only 2/3 full, and sandwiches were also listed as being available.I was not impressed, so doubt I will return.
5	Everything was amazing! What was more amazing was how we squeaked in 15 minutes prior to close while they were shutting down the kitchen. They fired up the energy to deliver a great meal of Mac and Cheese, Bucatini Pasta and yummy cakes and chocolate.This rivals any Named Bakery or cafe on the strip, minus the inflated price and annoying parking roulette.GO, GO, GO! Lets keep the small guy in business!
5	In the months following its opening early this year, I have heard nothing but good things about Chocolate & Spice, and have since then been on the edge of my seat to try it out. The elegant decor was the first thing that caught my eye and the classy touch to its color scheme had me peering inside every time I passed by for church at St. Joseph Husband of Mary. Today, I finally got a chance to try the bakery out with a galpal and soon after I got in, almost immediately hopped to check out the cute little creative goodies. There were truffles that started at $1.50 each and pastries (including creme brulee and this nutella cake bomb thingamagigy) that cost about $3.75, both excluding tax. Be ready to indulge yourselves in some high quality sweets but don't forget to pan your gaze to the right of the bakery wall where the menu items are listed in colorful chalk. Why? Because they actually have lunch/breakfast specials that range between $6-8. My friend ordered braised chicken with vegetables and aromatic rice while I got a pastrami panini with fontina cheese, caramelized onions and cranberry. Both orders were classic, savory & tasteful, and if you're especially hungry, opt for the latter because its size is merely an illusion to how filling it actually is. I found myself spacing out a number of times to the aesthetic atmosphere the bakery brought. It had some familiar, classy tunes playing in the background and I found it adorable how everything was neatly arranged, from the napkins to the water dispenser (which had oranges in it!), to the artistic couches and beautiful displays. Even the Christmas tree and bathroom were color schemed to the familiar purple, green and brown flowery swirls. I think I might've knocked my head somewhere and went to heaven!
4	A hidden treasure is the best way to describe this yummy bakery. I'll start this off by saying I am not a huge fan of sweets, but I live with three sugar monsters. My husband, the leader of the sugar monsters found this bakery on accident while browsing thru yelp, when he was supposed to be locating a new spot for dinner. When he showed me the photos posted on yelp of some of their pastries we immediately decided we were going to do things backwards and start with desert, and finish with dinner. On to the pastries.... Nutella bomb.... Amazing! Not too rich, and every bite is perfect. Banana cream pie.... Never had one like it. It's pretty and the crust is flaky and delicious.Strawberry parfait...delicious, but I thought the cake was a bit dry. Still very tasty.Strawberry macaroon...I did not taste this one, but I got three different opinions. Husband said it was too rich, and the in laws loved it. I guess it depends on how sweet you like your pastry. The service was good, not excellent. The girl behind the counter is young, and seems to get slightly irritated when you ask what she may consider too many questions. My advice would be to display what each pastry is to avoid those questions. The bakery itself is very pretty, and clean. It's a great place to grab a cup of coffee and girl talk. It is a bit pricey, but def worth every sugary penny.
5	I have finally tried this bakeshop after driving past it a few times.  It has very nice atmosphere and is decorated beautifully.  I decided to grab lunch and dessert here. I ordered the half turkey sandwich and french onion soup.  It did not dissapoint!  Instead of just serving it on some regular bread, it had cranberries baked into it.  I liked the combination of the flavors.  The french onion was great as well.For dessert, I had the cheesecake. It was so moist and flavorful.  I definitely recommend that you try it!Support small business and a wonderful local bakeshop!
5	New Years Resolution #2: Choose more independent, locally owned restaurants over chains/corporate franchises when dining out.And thus began the frantic Yelp search for independent restaurants near my work so I could skip the Wendy's drive-thru and stick to my resolution for lunch.  Luckily, I stumbled upon Chocolate & Spice.  I have driven by this place a number of times but for some reason, I thought it was more of a wedding cake place.  The place is cute, really stinkin' cute! I walked up to the display case and the girl behind it must have been able to tell that I was a newb.  When I told her I was there for lunch, she immediately made a few recommendations.  I went with the chicken salad wrap which was chock-full of walnuts, apples, apricots, celery, and gold raisins all wrapped up in a spinach tortilla. It was scrumptious.  All the baked pastry goodies were also calling my name, so I also ordered a cannoli. The filling was perfectly creamy and not too sweet while the shell was perfectly fried and not too crunchy.I am so excited about this place.  I cannot wait to return and try more items off the lunch menu!
4	Everything is just perfect, especially the banana cream pie, don't miss it !!!!
4	I like small bakeries like this. I have a sweet tooth but am watching my diet but since my New Years resolution don't start till the following week, we ventured here based on the many great reviews we've read on Yelp. We arrived about 45 mins before they close and i'm sure that's why we were'n't fully truly impressed with the dessert. We ordered the Banana Cream Pie, Tiramisu and the some Chocolate dessert (forgot name)The BCP was delicious. The sheer presentation was impressive. Tiramisu was meh... aight. It looked better than it was. It was too sweet and didn't melt in my mouth. The "Chocolate Dessert"  was way too hard. Not sure it's supposed to be like that but it was not eatable for me. We're thinking maybe it was sitting in the display case for the entire day or maybe from the day before but it wasn't Fantastic. We expected all of it to be super fresh and will dissolve in our mouths but it didn't. Again, i'm sure it's the timing of our visit. I'll give this place another try the next time we're in Vegas and give a 2nd review. But this time we'll get there earlier.
3	Customer service is a fine art. This place needs a little attention. I'm always a little reluctant to leave a review that includes negative feedback. What business owner wants to read that? However, it's from honest feedback we can take a close look and make corrections when needed. Almost none of the huge array of deserts were labeled.  A big chocolate covered ball could contain anything. While it looks pretty. I have no idea what I am getting. Please label the deserts.If you cannot label the deserts, have someone at that area of the counter to tell me what they are and help me make a selection. I had to wait until I got to the register (away from the deserts) to ask what the items were, all with people waiting in line behind me. Who wants to be the person holding up the show?My chocolate croissant tasted faintly of meat. I am a vegetarian so that made it even more unwelcome. Some may actually like chocolate and turkey. :-)Finally, when I went up to buy another item, I waited a long time before anyone helped me. I was the only person waiting. The counter staff were busy making sandwiches. No problem there, but I was not acknowledged for quite some time. I'd rather get my order taken quickly so I may sit and enjoy myself than stand there for 3 or 4 minutes while a person makes a sandwich. Its interesting because as I stood there, I noticed how nicely the drop shadow of their logo was painted on the wall. They have the details right in many way. Its wild how so much work can go into a place and yet my perception diminishes over such small things as waiting an extra 60 seconds, but it does.The egg & cheese croissant was mighty fine.My latte had no froth and was basically milk and espresso. Not so great.In short, please:Keep up the great work on the egg & cheese croissant. Excellent!Make it easier to choose a desert. Pay attention to my order. (Simple mistake... it was QUICKLY and kindly corrected.)Get a solid latte going. Minimize my wait and/or make me feel like you care that I am waiting. Don't wipe down the counter and arrange stuff while I stand there unattended to. Best wishes.
1	Ugh are you kidding me?  I had read some great things about this place in the past but boy was it awful! Does Megan Romano still own this, because she must not be hanging around here, I expected so much more!  Arrived after 2 p.m. assuming there would be a rush.  There were 2 people in the whole place.  Set up was very confusing about... do you sit down?  Do you order at the counter?  Looking into the pastry case (somethings were labeled with tiny labels, others had no label and we had to guess) there were sandwiches displayed that were obviously days old, with the edges of the cheese and the eggs all dark colored and curled up, really disgusting and totally unappetizing.  The girl behind the counter (who later I discovered was in a rush to leave for the day) was not helpful and kept asking 'is that all you want', 'is that all you want'.  We assumed that what was in the case was all there was.  I am short (5'1" tall) and I didnt even see those chalk board menus way over on the other side of the kitchen, until after I had already ordered!  There were no printed menus, and nothing close enough for a customer to see, take a look at and maybe take a minute to decide.  When I asked what kind of salads they had she said 'we only have the house salad for $7.25'. $30 for two croissant sandwiches, two teas and a 'house salad', WOW in a place with no customer service tableside.   The high point of my lunch was that the croissant roll itself was fantastic, great job!  Otherwise, my ham and gruyere was just that..several slices of ham and a slice of cheese.  No condiments, no lettuce, tomato. (I was craving some great boutique kind of mustard or maybe that apricot aioli that was stated to be on the turkey sandwich).  My partner had a BLT.  Two strips of bacon in a $7 sandwich, really guys?  The salad would win the award for worst combination of a ton of ingredients in a salad.  The lettuce used was romaine, and it was the pale inner, sour leaves of the romaine, sliced up but some werent even sliced up, I had to wrestle some of it with my plastic fork.  The dressing was so sweet it was like pouring simple syrup on the salad, which already had figs, cranberries, candied hazelnuts, and what I think was pear poached in vanilla syrup (overkill).  It was like eating dessert, except I forgot to mention there were tiny slivers of what I think were salami - like that ingredient seemed so random among the rest of them.  It took me 20 minutes to get that sugar taste out of my mouth.  Tables were dirty, the floor looked like it had not been mopped in days or a week, the front windows were dirty inside and out.  The cabinet that was doubling as the trash receptacle and at the same time held your forks and condiments  (ewww that they are right next to each other) was an area that was dirty, confusing, and I really objected to using a plastic fork taken from a plastic cup full of forks, in a place charging this kind of money.  No napkins.  The interior was fun and hip, but between the decor design and ALL the stuff in the two pastry cases, and then the 4 different chalk board menus, piles of cookies, popcorn and candy in packaging, I really felt like this place was having an identity crisis or trying to be too many things to people.  Would you go into a place and order a 'Kalbi Beef Rib' dish at the same place where you can get an egg white frittata?  Just a really confusing all over the place menu.  And to call it a bakery and 90% of their items are cakes and chocolates and no bread or rolls in sight, is a bit of a stretch as far as identity as well.  It should be a cafe that sells baked goods.  Not a bakery selling involved food like ribs.  I definitely would not return.
5	One of my Favorite spots in Vegas!!! The attention to detail and the use of high quality ingredients = a master piece of sweets and savory options!!! Megan Romano = Genius !!! Keep up the good work!!!
4	Update - They're been having issues with consistency.  The last time I had the veggie sandwich it was bad. :(  I'm hoping they serve you fresh goods!When I walked in I wanted EVERYTHING... from the sandwiches to the cakes to the chocolate bonbons to the freshly made gelato... so I did get all that :)  The vegetable panini was THE best veggie sandwich I've had, it was tasty without being salty, it was perfect with that pesto sauce.  The Nutella bomb was devilishly decadent and the chocolate bonbons were awesome, I especially liked the sage gooseberry one.  My beef with the pretty banana cream pie was that there was too much crust in ratio to the good stuff inside.  More filling and less crust please.  The chocolate chip mint gelato was PERFECTION, creamy, not too sweet and the mint was significant but not overpowering.  The red velvet cake however, robbed this place 1 star from a perfect score.  The frosting was not made from cream cheese, but rather a very sweet buttermilk frosting.  Sniff.  I wonder if their red velvet cupcakes suffer from the same sacrilege.  Cream cheese frosting please.  This was one setback in my first glorious visit to Choc&Spice and I can't wait to go back for more.  P.S. It's a great place for kids to lounge about or walk around too.  :)
3	We came here after a very filling lunch of dim sum and decided that we needed a sweet ending after such a soulful meal.Chocolate & Spice is a quaint bakery located in some random strip mall on the West side of Las Vegas.  The place is quaint and very nicely furnished with dark wood and large printed artwork. The bakery consists of a small case of pastries and desserts. I decided to order the petite banana cream pie as it looked so pretty with its flaky crust, fluffy whipped cream and a tuille of chocolate to top it off. It cost about $6 but if the dessert is good, I'll pay for it! Unfortunately the pie was nothing to write home about. It could be my choice but I've had my fair share of banana cream pies and made them myself. I will say that the crust is perfectly buttery and indeed flaky. The cream was light and the chocolate added a hint of sweetness. But the banana and custard hidden under all of that lacked a sweetness that you'd associate with a dessert.I will definitely go back next time I'm on that side of town and give it another try. After all, I only tried one thing and they had so many other options. I'll choose time when I haven't already gobbled up an entire Chinese menu. ;)
1	I'm a big fan of cake so for my daughters 9th birthday I decided to try one from chocolate & spice. I read a good review for the bakery in the newspaper so I figured it was worth a try. I ordered and paid over the phone for a white cake with blue bordering. I also spoke to two different people on two different days regarding the order and was confident they would do a good job. I sent my husband to pick up the cake an hour before the party and whenhe got there they told him that the order must have gotten lost because they never made the cake. They said they would hurry and make one and asked if we could come back. since we had no time to come back they did offer to deliver the cake which I guess was the least they could do. Unfortunately the cake was prolly the ugliest looking cake I have ever gotten. My daughter was upset because in her words the cake was hideous. Everyone felt that the cake was very poorly decorated. They definitely rushed making the cake. The taste was decent however I've definitely had better. The cake was expensive and after all of the mix ups we were not offered any discounts. To top it off my husband said the customer service when he first entered the store was horrible. We will not be returning to chocolate & spice.
4	Chocolate and spice and everything nice. My adventure to hit all the local bakeries with chocolate croissants with the baby brought me here. It was a windy chilly Monday afternoon but this place is perfect for a cup of joe, latte, etc. I wasn't in here long so I didn't get to look around too much, but the one thing that caught my eye was the display case holding all the yummy treats. Of course I was going to get the banana cream pie but then I also decided I needed to get the cheesecake or brownie parfait. The guy helping me told me to get the cheesecake. Unfortunately my tunnel vision missed and forgot about the chocolate croissant. It looked delish, but I decided then that I would be coming back. Verdict: loved love loved the banana cream pie. The crust was my favorite....so flaky and awesome.  The filling was good but the pie crust was the winner hands down. The cheesecake wasn't my favorite.  It was a bit salty for my liking.  The crust was similar to a cracker and that's what made it super salty.I know I'll be back to get my chocolate croissant and other treats.
4	I wish I was able to get over to Chocolate & Spice more often as Las Vegas is sorely lacking experiences like this! C&S is the baby of Chef Megan Romano, formerly of Aureole at Mandalay Bay. With such an accomplished background, I didn't expect anything less than the best of the best food from her but the atmosphere is just as wonderful!C&S offers a variety of sandwiches, pastries, desserts, chocolates and beverages in a friendly setting. The interior of the restaurant is charming with plenty of seating and a wall with shelves full of baking accessories, aprons and books for sale. The seating is great-they have a bar like area near the counter, a few four tops and then the rest are comfortable looking chairs and couches surrounding coffee tables. It's really inviting! The glass case by the counter displays what they have for the day so you can take a look before ordering and it's really hard to leave with out a few chocolates or a fruit tart or something just as pretty. I believe they also sell cakes too and do custom cakes for parties, wedding showers, etc. You can't go wrong with Romano-she's the queen of all things pastry and you're not just going to get some tasteless sheet cake!The first time I visited was Mother's Day last year, right after it opened and picked up some pastries and croissants to accompany the spread I put together. I also got a coffee to go and it was deliciously smooth! My mom is the pickiest eater who is typically opposed to bread (I think I'm adopted), but she really enjoyed the croissants and her sweet tooth was happy with the desserts. I honestly don't remember what I got, but I know that my mom liked it, which is a win for me (and C&S)! Because it's a little out of my way, my second visit was just recently and I got the roast turkey sandwich with gruyere and an apricot chutney-ish spread. It was great, but I think it would've been better on a plain croissant or baguette because the sandwich bread had a lot of flavor and textures that were competing with the fillings.Follow them on FB to stay updated about specials and classes that they offer. They offer classes for kids and adults and the classes are typically seasonal (i.e. a pie class around Thanksgiving).Prices are reasonable considering this is a from-scratch place. It's a great place for a quiet coffee, a lunch with friends or a casual date!
5	The best dessert I've ever had in my life.  I enjoyed the banana cream pie so much, I couldn't even talk while I ate it.  This is where I will go when I want to treat myself.
5	I LOVED my introduction to Chocolate & Spice!  Stopped in and picked up a mini raspeberry cheesecake and a red-velvet frosted cupcake.  Beyond expectations in every way!!  The cupcake melted in my mouth and the cheesecake was literally the best I've ever had.  Will be back and will definitely recommend!!
4	You must order the mini banana cream pie.   When you take your fork and cut into it, you can be 10-15 feet away and you'll here the flaky crust break apart.   I almost lost my mind in pure enjoyment.This pie is perfect - not too sweet, but rich and creamy.  The pie is so good it's SDW, suck d*#& worthy!We also got the mini blueberry pie which was also delicious but definitely order the mini banana cream pie!
4	Food: 4Went here for a little breakfast so the review is based on a small handful of items between my better half and me. We had a raisin pinwheel croissant, ham & cheese brioche, and a couple chocolates. Overall, everything was really good. The chocolate truffles were good, but needed to warm up a tad before eating. Texture was really good as well as the flavors.
5	Everything here was good. We had the waffles, chocolate covered strawberries, beignets with jam and took home some strawberry pie, and chocolate chip cookie. We washed it all down with caramel iced coffee and it was all delicious! Clean restaurant, nice decor, better than anything I could find on the strip. Perfect!
5	This is a great little gathering place. I've had meetings here twice and the atmosphere and treats are simply divine.
4	I love being pleasantly surprised.  We decided to try breakfast here.  We had a egg croissant sandwich and banana waffles.  Both delicious.  They even took the time to caramelize each banana slice with the blowtorch.  That little detail adds a world of flavor.  Waffles were also topped with a crumbled brittle.  Very good.  Nutella latte was hot and yummy and served in a real mug.  Always a plus!It is very cute inside with tables or cozy velvet chairs.  There are loads of cakes, truffles bon bons and goodies to choose from but they are not cheap.  Chocolates are like $2 a piece.  They are very pretty though and there are some exotic flavors like Guinness and lavender.  The menu is surprising.  Don't think it is just a bakery.  Lots of savory items for breakfast and lunch including some international fare.  No highchair - what a bummer.  Especially since it is such a cute place!
4	If you're looking to splurge on expensive chocolates, this is the place to do it. Me and my friend each got a 9-piece box set of their truffles, we picked one of each to try and taste test them all. The pumpkin spice, berry one, and the coffee were the most prominent, but the other flavors were lacking and they just tasted like plain chocolate to me. Good chocolate, but no special flavor kick as promised. I think the ball truffles were my favorite, the Acai berry was a definite winner and the champagne was a little on the hard side, but still delicious.We also shared a brownie parfait, which was very rich and the brownie was soft. Though the cashier did smoosh the little decoration on top when he closed the box. :( So much for a nice picture
5	Chocolate! Pastries! REAL VEGGIE BURGERS! This place has it all, and a pitcher full of water flavored with strawberries and oranges you can drink from.My friend got us each a sampling box with yummy candies. Some really didn't taste like their labels said, but the most flavorful were the pumpkin maple, acai berry truffle, and the mixed berry. So pretty too! Their parfaits are a work of art, and very yummy. I can't wait to come back and devour one of their cakes!
3	Items sampled:Chocolate Buche NoelCherry SconeBanana Cream PieSnowman Old Fashioned CupcakeSmores BarLatteA former pastry chef for both Charlie Palmer and Charlie Trotter, Megan Romano's pedigree is well known and with a cookbook already under her belt displaying a wide variety of confections both classic and completely unique I had high expectations for her first solo pastry shop, Chocolate and Spice.  Having already enjoyed breakfast at eat. but with plans to spend the rest of the day off strip our stop was somewhat impromptu but arriving just after 10:00am the shelves were still packed and with a latte for my friend we decided to sample a few items, some enjoyed in the shop and some saved for later with only a rubbery (and quite honestly quite unpleasant) s'mores bar and a bit too much frosting (an obvious decorative necessity) on the cupcake marring the experience.Speaking to the items that shined it should first be noted that the service at Chocolate and Spice is exquisite - a smiling staff of young women working the counter and delivering each individually plated item to tables - and given Megan's background in cake design the bouche noel and body of the cupcake were both dense, moist, and aromatic - definitely a place worth ordering a cake for a special event or a special person.  Moving on past the cakes, Ms. Romano's scones are much like those served at Keller's Bouchon - a bit softer than the standard with a crunchy sugar coating and pockets of butter juxtaposing plump, bursting fruit - while the Banana Cream Pie, without a doubt the show stealer of the afternoon took 'flaky crust' to a whole new level and married it to bananas, banana pudding, and plenty of light pastry cream with a drizzle of caramel that rivaled Tartine, Susina, and Dahlia Bakery for 'best ever' bragging rights.
5	WHO: All of you who currently have a sweet tooth, I suggest you put on some shoes and go!WHEN: Monday through Saturday from 7am-7pm. Closed on Sundays, BOO!! =(WHERE: West Sahara & Tenaya.WHY: Why ask why when you are dealing with dessert?!!!WHAT: It all started a few weeks ago right before I was going to head to the library to study for finals... my cousin had posted a picture of such a beautiful banana cream pie/tart. Then and there I texted him the where and whens and came to find out that he had just gotten to the bakery. I immediately said I was on my way (Yup, I had an excuse... BRAIN FOOD!) lol!As I walked into the bakery, I could smell the aroma of fresh baked goodies! My cousin had waited for me to order, and off the bad I went "HAM"!...Pistachio cannoli- BOMB!Slice of Pistachio cake- BOMB!Tiramisu- BOMB!Banana cream pie tart- BOMBX100& got a taste of my cousin's chocolate nutella cake- BOMB!In other words, MY NEW FAVORITE BAKERY. Definitely going to have to find myself another excuse to go back ;). So hurry, FIND YOUR EXCUSE & GOOOOO!!!!
5	The bakery is beautiful.  Filled with delicious pastries.  They serve sandwiches too.  A must stop while in Vegas!!!
3	Stopped by to pick up some desserts for my girlfriend's dinner. Had a lot of potential, but it seemed like the workers were a bit preoccupied at the time I arrived because no one came to help me after 15 minutes of waiting there in an empty restaurant. This gave me plenty of time to look at the excellent looking menus. I assumed they would only have desserts but they also had many interesting lunch and dinner options. I would probably return just to try these and make a separate review. As for the desserts:Red Velvet Cheesecake - Not really fan of Red Velvet anything, and this didn't really sway me otherwise. Was more of a Lemon cake than anything else.Buttercream Chocolate Cupcake with Chocolate Covered Bacon - I love buttercream and bacon, so the both of them together sounded like heaven. Wasn't as good as I expected. Wasn't very moist and did not melt in my mouth like I had expected buttercream to react.Nutella Bomb - This is where it's at! My girlfriend and I couldn't keep our hands off this one and almost devoured each other in the process. The texture and taste of this is one of a kind. They also had a Chocolate Mint Bomb which sounds just as great. I would for sure come back for this again.1/3 dessert successes + spotty service should equal less than 3 stars, but I can't account for their lunch and dinner items.Good luck!
2	I read about this place in a Sunset Magazine article detailing all of the great things happening in Vegas that don't involve large corporations and gambling. This place is out of the way, making it a locals' spot, but I'm sorry to say it wasn't worth the drive. The focus is desserts and a few savory lunch items, all of which looked and sounded delicious. However, after trying two items, I left disappointed. Especially since the establishment is owned by a lauded Las Vegas pastry chef who left well known casino restaurant to start Chocolate & Spice. That said, I really wanted to love the place, but I just couldn't. Being a lover of Nutella, I gravitated towards the Nutella latte and a Nutella bomb cake. The latte was weak on espresso and Nutella flavor and the cake didn't taste like it contained any Nutella. Maybe I just tried the wrong things, but given the distance traveled and the Sunset Magazine and yelp reviews, Chocolate & Spice did not meet my expectations.
3	I recently stopped in to try a chocolate croissant but they were out of them.  So, I had a blueberry muffin and enjoyed the decor.  A nice enough place but my next croissant stop in this area will be La Belle Terre.
5	I love this place. They have great breakfast treats and great lunches not to mention the amazing sweets!! Also they have homemade icecream with moose tracks. YUM I like to get the chicken salad on a croussiant. I hear they use all organic chicken so that's nice to know.
5	I've been here 3 times in the past 4 days.  Why have I not visited earlier?  C&S is adorable and cosy and charming, offering sweet sophistication to those of us on the westside.  I've sampled a lemon tart, red velvet cake, chocolate biscotti, lemon-scented vanilla cake, apple pie, raspberry pie, banana cream tart, and blueberry scone.  (N.B.  My exercise level has increased dramatically this past week!)  All were fantastic and fresh and fruity and yummy.  The icings on the cake aren't too sweet and the pastry is flaky and light.  My turkey sandwich last night was savoury and sweet at the same time!  That apricot jam complements the turkey and cheese nicely.  If you don't want pastries or "real food," there is always the gelato case with 8 different flavours of dairy decadence or the chocolate/bonbon case with its array of temptations.  Service has always been with a smile.  :)  Just GO if you haven't already!
1	Found this place here on yelp...Ordered a red velvet cake for my husbands birthday .... The cake was awesome and moist ! But the frosting was horrible it was supposed to be cream cheese frosting but it tasted like sweetened butter.  We won't be going back there.
4	I took my nieces in for a sweet treat and they loved it! The place is truly charming and clean. The pastries and our coffee were delicious. The staff was very attentive and patient. We were surprised, by the owner I believe, with complimentary samples of the gelato and it was truly amazing! Nice touch and very thankful for the sweet treat. Looking forward to going again!
2	I met a bunch of friends here one morning for brunch. I was excited by the menu and had decided to get the turkey sandwich, lemon cake and chicken pot pie. The pot pie was decent. It wasn't anything to get excited over. The turkey sandwich was delicious. It had a ton of flavor, but was dry and was missing something. Maybe some sprouts or avocado. The lemon cake was decent at best. I'd go back because it was good ish. My problem is the price of everything. I also bought a diet Pepsi and water. My bill was $24! It was ridiculous how expensive it was. The diet Pepsi alone was $3!! I don't think it was worth the price. I would like to try more of the sweets but not sure if its worth going back.
4	This place is right by me and its hard not to go in. All the pastries and baked goods are to die for , I've had lunch a few times and its always something new and fresh! They have cooking classes , love to do that sometime! Love this local place, also have great coffee and latte .. Must try!
3	Just found Chocolate & Spice here on Yelp a few weeks ago and knew we had to try it. We stopped in today at about 3pm and the place was pretty much dead. There was only one girl working behind the counter but she did a good job of getting us and the customers ahead of us taken care of.They obviously focus mainly on desserts and treats but they've also got a decent selection of other foods such as sandwiches and soups. I went with an egg salad sandwich on brioche and my wife had the BLT. The egg salad sandwich was pretty good size and I actually had quite a bit fall off on my plate. Flavor-wise, the egg salad by itself was excellent but the brioche completely overpowered it. I believe they offer it on a croissant as well which I'd definitely opt for next time. The BLT came on a croissant which was super good but was definitely lacking in size compared to the egg salad. They give you a giant croissant with just a couple pieces of bacon and not much for the other toppings. There is a lemon aioli on the BLT though that was really good and worked well with the sandwich.As far as desserts go, I noticed another Yelper mention that some stuff in the display weren't labeled and that's still the case. Quite a few items weren't marked and the menu on the wall is kind of confusing so I really had no clue how much most the items were. We ended up getting a banana cream pie and a brownie parfait. I think the crust was either a little overdone or had been sitting for a while cause it was pretty dry and parts of it were hard. For the size of the dessert, there isn't much of the banana creme inside but it had good flavor and I believe the whip cream is homemade, which was my sons favorite part. The brownie parfait was ok, the brownie was a little dry and the mousse stood out more than anything but for the most part, we liked it.I feel like they are on the verge of being nearly perfect but just little things hold them back, especially pricing. They charge $3.75 for a large iced tea! And for $7.25, I think the sandwiches should come with a side...chips, fruit, or whatever. They've also got to work on their organization. The menu is sloppy writing on a chalkboard and with stuff in the counter not being labeled, it just makes things confusing. Since the food and treats were tasty, we would go again if in the area, but it's definitely not something I'd go out of my way for.
3	I give it three stars only because of the service.  The associates behind the counter were very friendly. The cashier asked how my day was going, probably out of sheer boredom because this place is DEAD. I have been here for an hour only one other person came in.I read the reviews before coming here and decided to just go for it. I was tempted by the Nutella Bomb and didn't get it...wish I had.  I had a perfectly nice bland red velvet mini cheesecake. It was plopped on a chocolate wafer that was soft, I felt it should have been crunchy. It was glued to the gold cardboard with an overly sweet dollop of frosting. The cheesecake itself was thick and creamy but nothing about screamed RED VELVET except for the blaring red color of it. It didn't taste chocolatey it just tasted like regular cheesecake with vibrant red dye. A better description would have been Red Food Coloring Cheesecake.  It was topped with glazed tart red raspberries. They were delicious but a bit overpowering and inappropriate topping for this particular dessert. I would have eaten a whole bowl of them. The real reason I didn't get the Nutella Bomb was because I ordered (against reviewer suggestions) the Nutella Latte. WEAK. Tasteless. I got a slight hint of Nutella, but I wouldn't have said THIS IS NUTELLA! if I didn't know what it was. I even ordered it with non fat milk (cause I am healthy like that) which should have enhanced the flavor of Nutella. It did not. I hardly tasted espresso. It was hot milk with subtle notes of espresso and Nutella. Ask for an extra shot or more Nutella, Because the reviewers are right. The shop itself is cute.  It has an upscale vibe and almost hits that mark if there weren't Pepsi vending machines. Tacky. Especially the empty one. Lose them or get unmarked refrigerators. Cleanliness is an issue. The baseboards haven't seen a good scrub down in awhile. The ledges on the floor to ceiling windows are crumb encrusted. The floor needs a good mopping and waxing. Three employees, one customer, someone could break out a broom. This place almost hits the mark but misses. Maybe my expectations were too high.  I think this place tries too hard to be too many things. Get your cafe (espresso drinks) up to par and improve the desserts a little, (Dear Famous Pastry Chef Owner, I expect better, so do others if you care to read your reviews. No, we aren't professionals in the industry, but we are your consumers, we give you our money. Our taste buds don't lie. Sincerely, Not Coming Back) before you try to introduce a whole breakfast, sandwich and entree menu.
5	The food is wonderful and the pastries are heavenly! Love this place can't wait to go back!
4	What an amazing little place.  I have been here so many times I've lost count. My better half is a true chocoholic, and C&S has wonderful goodies.  The lattes and coffees are good enough, but the true gems are the chocolates.  The truffles and ganache' are simply wonderful.  I have had the pleasure of having some of the finer confections around (Recchiuti and Charbonel e'Walker are favs), and C&S easily stand amongst them, all be it right here in Las Vegas.The space is light, playful and quaint, and the staff is always cordial.  Although I have not spent a lot of time just relaxing here (I always pop in and grab goodies to go), it seems as people really enjoy the space.  I will say though, If you are going later in the day, call ahead to make sure they are open. The hours note a 7p closing time, and I stopped by on a whim at 630 on a Friday to get some goodies for my sick girl, and they were closing up already.  Needless to say, I was sorely disappointed, as I couldn't get Chef Megan's chocolates! I was able to get some descent stuff from one of the expensive and overrated chocolatiers on the strip, but it just was not the same.If you like real chocolate, this is the place to go.
4	The portions are small!! The food however is delicious. I ordered the breakfast "burrito" which was absolutely incredible. With that said its NOT a burrito. This would have been better named a breakfast quesadilla. My wife ordered the "adult" Mac and cheese and it was also good but a little in the bland side. We are going back for sweets shortly as they looked even better than our regular food...
5	The first week of my new position at work, one of my jobs was to find a place that would deliver enough pies and pastries to feed a minimum of 400 people. Did they realize who they were asking?! Of course I could accomplish that. Well not only did I accomplish it, I managed to find one of the best mom and pop local bakeries in Vegas! They were willing do deliver 4 dozen mini pies, 4 dozen parfaits, and 4 trays of cookies and brownies the weekend after Thanksgiving. With no hesitation at all! I called and emailed a few places, but the reviews and pictures of this place won me over. I was also impressed that the same two women (Megan and Keris) who did everything from take my email order, phone calls, bake my goods, and deliver it! Never did I speak to anyone else. When they arrived Saturday morning, the apple and blueberry pies were still warm. One of my employees ran to the back, came out with crumbs on his face, and insisted it was the best apple pie he'd ever tasted. I was 30 minutes into my work event when I realized, THEY HAD FORGOTTEN THE PUMPKIN PIES! I called the bakery, and they were already on their way back, noticing the mistake before I did. Most people would probably duck a star for this, but I am not. Again, the pies were piping hot! SUPER FRESH!! And everything else was so beautiful that NO ONE noticed I was missing pumpkin pies. Oh by the way, everything else included: banana cream pies, strawberry shortcake parfaits, carrot cake parfaits, tiramisu, assorted holiday cookies, and brownies!! I was in heaven at work this day!! Not to mention, all of my residents were loving it and asking,  "Where did you get this? This is delicious where can I find it? What is the name of the company?" If not a single soul ever reads this review, they will still get business from all the happy patrons that day! I will be taking a special trip across town to try everything else this place has to offer, and you should do the same!
4	I must confess that I am a sucker for sweets so it may come as no surprise that I totally loved everything Chocolate and Spice had to offer us! We placed a large order only a few days after Thanksgiving to show appreciation to our Residents. Everything was delicious! I especially enjoyed the banana cream pie, pumpkin pie and tiramisu. Will definitely be back for more! YUM
5	The best local bakery and cafe! Comparable to Jean Philippe. Everything is made gourmet quality, and refined. The place is very cute too, very comfortable to sit and enjoy brunch or a coffee. The scones are the best I have ever had!!! Soups and sandwiches are great, I love love love their chicken salad on a croissant. Definitely have to try this place if you like places like Bouchon and you won't be disappointed!
4	AMBIANCE: 5 - This is the cutest little coffee/tea spot! it's even decorated for the holidays and is really festive! There are a bunch of comfy chairs & tables everywhere, maybe about 12-15! it was warm and really neat and tidy inside.SERVICE: 5 - The employees are really wonderful, sweet, and patient. They were really nice about explaining every cake since they aren't labeled! FOOD: 4 - I got a tiramisu and a chai latte! the tiramisu was very rich and good. It's in a medium sized cup, and it's very pretty to look at! the chai latte was very watery. it had a ton of foam in the cup and not a lot of flavor; sorta disappointing since it's a coffee shop. they use real spoons and forks! overall: their desserts rock my socks and tickle my taste buds! it's a real good place to have a sugar fix :)
5	The banana cream pie is so good,  whole eating it, you will find yourself moaning with pleasure.  Love this place and come here when I want a gourmet sweet treat.
4	I completely forgot to write my review so now, I don't remember some of the names of what I've tried. This shop is close to one of my offices and the church I go to. Oh, sweet temptation I gladly surrender!Red Velvet Cake:The cake wasn't dry (trying to avoid using the "M" word that I dislike with a passion). The buttercream icing wasn't too sweet. 4/5Banana Cream Pie:I love banana cream pie and their version is just delicious. It's light enough and not super sugary. 5/5Macaron with Cream and Fruits:I love straight up macarons but I'm not too fond of adding cream and all kinds of other stuff to it. Just give me 2 macaron shells and filling in the middle - anything more than that is too much for me to handle. 3/5Pineapple Upside Down Cake:This was delicious. Light cream that isn't too sweet. There's coconut and pineapple bits mixed in with the cream. 5/5I've only gotten desserts to-go and haven't tried their sandwiches and other savory items but they look good. I'll save those for my next visit.
4	Very relaxing place to have your morning coffee, with amazing selections of goodies as everyone says.  And if you arrive early (soon after 7 AM when they open), you get to enjoy the wonderful smells of the bakery items from the oven.  Noticed they also have oatmeal for breakfast, duly noted if will-power can get me to try it sometime instead of one of the tempting bakery items LOL.
2	Yes I am changing my review.  I do like the atmosphere, and the decor.  The food can be great.I was having incredible macaroni and cheese.  But something strange happened.  I guess the owner and staff bring their kids after school.  They really need to speak with their kids about speaking to guests-customers.  Yes if there is an emergency or problem let us know.  But their kids need to be controlled about what they say.I needed to use the restroom.  There was a trash bag in between the two restrooms.  I wasn't sure which restroom was being worked on.  A little boy said in an authoritarian voice "There is an employee in there".  Okay I look again at the trash bag, both restrooms, at the child and up and down the hall.  Again the boy says "What are you looking for?"  So I go back to my table.  Later,  I try to use the restroom. By this time another child was sitting down with the little boy.  They were starring at me.  The boy said "Do we know you?"All the boy had to say was "I think there is someone in there."  But this didn't happen.  I really don't want to deal with "Malcolm in the Middle". The owner needs to speak to the employees about their kids. Maybe the kids should have after school care or babysitters.
2	Underwhelming- got the $12 chocolate strawberries as a Valentines gift, packaged in a pretty box with a bow for 9 strawberries. I initially thought of this as expensive, given that every grocery store has the strawberries on special right now, but figured it was a good deal for a specialty store and the fact that it was wrapped.But for the price and the establishment, I expected large berries dipped in chocolate- not the tiny underripe ones I actually got. For a nine-piece order I guess it wasn't bad pricing, but my expectations were not met and frankly I found better at the grocery store. Pretty low bar set in terms of quality here.Might come back to try a few other things as the cupcakes looked good and there seemed to be a bunch of pastries, but frankly I'm unimpressed. You'd think Valentines day would be a big business day for them- the service/product should be stellar not subpar.
4	The pictures look good doesn't it? Well, that's what brought me in. I walked in already knowing what I wanted cause I went through every picture posted.  The banana cream was just ok. It literally had 1 piece of chopped up banana inside. There wasn't much cream filling. The rest was a whole bunch of whip cream.  The cream filling wasn't that sweet so another star for that.The red velvet cake was dry.  I had better.  I was expecting a moist Slice of cake but in return it was very dry.The tiramisu was just ok.  It was a little soggy and water was dripping or if the container.  It didn't have any creamy consistency of a tiramisu.  Why did I give it 4 stars when almost everything I tasted was 2 stars tasting? The gals that work there was nice.  The place is very clean. It's well decorated and has a welcoming feeling.
3	Place is very well decorated the food is ok nothing to brag about been here quite a few times since I live in the area. Once ordered two cakes. One was the wrong size and the other was not edible at all and threw it out. The staff is friendly and made up for the wrong size cake the next time I came in. I feel it's a little pricey for what it is.
5	I love this place, their amazing dishes, their employees and their interior design! I have had their Egg White Frittata! (I hope I spelled that dish right :-) ) and I can't remember how many times but I never get tired of it. it taste so clean and a great dish to start my day with. They also have some sweets you just can't wait to take to a party. My first time there was a great experience and was followed by many more great ones. I'd say maybe it can be a little hard to find at first but it is right on southeast corner of Teneya and Sahara blvd. It is definitely worth going once as you'll probably go back again and again, I know I have.
4	Love this cute quaint little place. I would give this place 5 star just for the croissants, however, menu could be just a bit more extensive. All and all I love coming here each and every time and never disappointed.
5	I have been a fan from the beginning...Amazing food, decadent desserts that are worth the calories, but more importantly, personalized customer service. I just had a private group cooking class for my 40th birthday and it was a wonderful experience for ALL, friends who cook and those who do not. Three course meal plus drinks at rates better than most fine dining establishments in Vegas!!! LOVED IT. I am huge fan of Chef Megan Romano!!!
1	I am totally disappointed. Went to this place, based off the reviews & I was SO excited. I couldn't wait to get my hands on their loved banana creme pie. Got there, they didn't have any. So I asked for a slice of chocolate cake (w/ Nutella mousse) & a brownie parfait. Sorry to say, I am not impressed. What. So. Ever. The chocolate cake is dry. Tastes like it had been sitting out for a few days. The brownie parfait isn't anything to rave about either. Might I just add - if you have a popular item, it would be a good idea if you had some to sell, especially on the weekend.
5	This is my first time here. Walking in with Frank Sinatra on the speakers I had high hopes. Great design and atmosphere. Sophisticated yet inviting with a relax feel. The food is a bit pricey but worth it from time to time for a nice lunch and change from the daily fast food runs and over crowded restaurants.  I would recommend this place for sure and they can count on me coming back to try the bacon Mac n cheese.
4	Comfy atmosphere...mini fruit pies are amazing. Great to have non-corporate options in Vegas.
5	Excellent selection and service.
5	Their sandwiches and pastries are sooooooo good. Especially the chicken salad croissants and Nutella Bomb are my favorites!!!and I want to appreciate that it opens at 7am every morning which provides me a perfect healthy breakfast before school or work!  LUV it~
5	This is a cool place to hang out. Great banana cream pie. Fun to sit around and people watch. If youre in this area you should definitely drop by.
5	I'll start by saying that I don't live in Las Vegas.  I live in Hawaii.  Yet I've tried so many things from this place!  My husband ate 5 pastries one after another in our hotel room one night.  It's amazing he didn't get a sore stomach after that.I had some cake here earlier this year and it was the best cake I've had in my life!  I swear!Sous Chef Keris is a doll and everyone else I've met there was very nice too.  :)
4	The deserts are to die for, but you need an open min because some the ingredients are out of the box. The chicken pot pie is great to your hubby for lunch or grab the macaroni to splurge for yourself. Great ambiance and whenever the owner is around she will give you a free scoop of her amazing Gelato. When the flan is around it's a must have and truffles are some what of a guilty pleasure. Will be back again!
2	I'm on a mission to find the best banana cream pie. Sadly, this was not the place.Atmosphere: the place itself is adorable. It's definitely a type of place you would feel comfortable grabbing a cup of coffee and having some catchup time with a friend. Food: everything looked so delicious. My friend and I decided to share 3 different desserts: strawberry cheesecake, pumpkin vanilla bundt cake, and banana cream pie.Strawberry cheese cake: the cheesecake part was delicious. The cake that was under it felt stale. It was hard. It felt so stale and dry that we thought they did that on purpose, but why would someone purposely make cake dry? Banana cream pie: it was hard to break into the crust. It felt like bananas topped with whipped cream in a crust bowl. It just was not what I was looking for.Pumpkin vanilla bundt cake: the only dessert that was a little more satisfying. It definitely stood out from the other two. I enjoyed the pumpkin. The cake felt a lot less dry than the strawberry cheesecake.I'm not sure if I would want to give this place another try due to only enjoying 1/3 desserts. I might stop by for a cup of coffee if I'm in the area because I do think it's a cute spot,  but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
3	I think it's important to give Chocolate and Spice context first. There is a demographic clearly present here: white, female, and higher income - likely in business. I am maybe one of these things, can you guess which one?A place like this would be right at home in LA. Say, around Beverly Hills, or beach-side. Items are small in portion, high in quality, low in value, and high in price. Everything is pretty. It seems like the song "I Wanna Be With You" by Mandy Moore is constantly playing - or at least the kind of music that is exactly like it. The furniture is a designer's version of random. Homey, visually pleasing, mostly comfortable. It's basically a Macy's furniture department in a bakery. What isn't consistent with the high-end image is the iced tap water container and largely dirty, water-spotted silverware. Not to mention the Pepsi-branded coolers.I didn't try any of the sweets, but instead the salads, sandwiches, and soup. As I mentioned, this is not a place of value. Everything is small, delicate, and "guilt-free." The typical customer, probably named Susan or something, will sit and chat saying, "this aioli is so light - and I love this lean turkey!"- The seasonal salad was a small bowl of fresh greens and a few slices of apple. Mixed seeds and berries. It's a salad. It could have done with chicken on top, especially for nearly $8.- The egg white frittata was upsettingly tiny. Also, I wouldn't call it a frittata. It was essentially a cooked egg or two. A frittata is more or less a partly cooked pan of eggs, finished in an oven to receive heat from the top - making it nice and bubbly up top. This is not what was served - but it did come with a tasty and fresh pesto.- A turkey and Gruyere sandwich on a sort of grain and cranberry loaf tasted as you'd expect. Short and skimpy on the ingredients list (turkey, Gruyere, sliced tomato, lettuce) but in-line with the theme so far. It's just a sandwich.- Potato corn soup. I think this was my favorite item of the menu. I'm not even sure how to describe this - but I think I'd get it again. I liked the texture and light flavor. Also, the crispy bread chunks in the center were welcome as a textural contrast.This isn't my kind of place. But if you fit the demographic, I think you'll love it. I'll update the review if I ever have the desserts!
1	What a disappointment. As I am in the event business and an associate needed a catering for their event I recommend "you people " and I know have shit on my face. Why answer the phone and promise the world and never call back. Ever here of just say no? Well you sure did day no to a big item of business for years to come. How does one one run such a business.Sad very sad. You will not last long if you do not change today, tomorrow is too late.
5	I love this bakery and lunch spot.  It is decorated so cute and the food is really good!  I love the egg white frittata and the butternut squash soup!  You may have to wait a little while for your food as they don't have a lot of people working behind the counter but it is worth the wait:)
5	Very happy with our experience here. The Banana Muffin full of fresh bananas and no artificial flavor was so incredibly delicious. It wasn't dense.  It was a light muffin... who would've imagined it was possible? So so so good. I could've eaten 10. My husband had the blueberry scone and it was perfect. Again, no food coloring to make it purple, not sugary over overly sweet, but with GIANT fresh big, juicy blueberries, and the rustic texture adding a nice crunch on the bottom was such a nice surprise. My cafe Au lait was delicious, his coffee was just perfect. I have no complaints whatsoever on the product.  The service could've been bumped up a notch but whatever, I came here for the food so that's what I review. We are foodies ourselves and though customer service is vital, we tend to look past it when there are sugary confections in front of us. We drove 30 minutes to get here with one thing in mind and we are happy we did. Well done Chef. It also speaks volumes that given the fact you've won Pastry Chef of the year numerous years in a row, you are still here cooking and baking your own product. Very humble of you and impressive to say the least. We will be back for sure.
5	Amazing lunches. The chocolate is amazing!!!!!!!!!!! My favorite sweet shoppe, cafe' and coffee stop.
5	Great variety of options from breakfast/lunch entrees, chocolate Bon bons, cakes, cupcakes and more! Very nice and attentive staff. Chef Megan Romano is humble and friendly. Beautiful layout, loved the different dining areas. Desserts are beautiful and delicious and the egg white frittata was very good! Coming back again soon :)
5	I have the most amazing chicken saled, made with a type of curry and fresh greens. The dressing tasted homemade and I capped it off with a chocolate truffle. My only advice to Chocolate & Spice? Please make chocolate peanut butter truffles.Don't understand how this place could get anything less that 4 stars
5	I've been in twice and it's so cute inside and the bakery/chocolate counter is a dangerous delicious place. Their turkey sandwich and salad were good, although the lemon vinaigrette was oddly not lemony, but tasted mostly of olive oil. The pumpkin chocolate cake I had was in a league of its own and I'm a chocolate cake snob. It was moist, had the perfect balance of cake and frosting, the frosting was light and chocolatey and I detected maybe a little cream cheese or maybe it was buttermilk, whatever it was it added a depth of flavor. And the pumpkin was a brilliant compliment. The second time I went, I had the egg white frittata with pesto, a blueberry scone, and Mexican hot chocolate. The pesto was so fresh I wanted to take a bottle home or definitely try there pasta another day. The frittata was eggcelent! So fluffy and tasty, I never missed the yokes. The hot chocolate was too sweet, but would be amazing with that one correction. And of course...the scone...crunchy ouside, soft inside, buttery, lightly sweet, magical. Any way...go...run to this place with your nearest friend and have a great meal in this cozy cafe.
5	My husbands co-worker has been raving about this place for months.  My husband threw me a surprise birthday party and purchased a german chocolate cake with a dulce de leche topping.  It was amazing and a hit at the party.  In fact one of the guest ordered the same cake a week later for her daughters birthday.  Recently, we have gone back to eat breakfast.  My husband loves the croissant sandwich.  I had the creme brulee french toast which was good, but if you don't like raisins then it may not be for you.  This last time I had the turkey sausage and egg muffin sandwich.  It too was great.  We have tried a few of the cupcakes, creme brulee, and the nutella bomb and all were amazing.  I don't think you can go wrong eating here.
3	The pastries all look good but because of their hours I never get to try them. Bakeries should be open early and all weekend. This place is right next to my house and I go out every weekend for coffee and something sweet. I'd like to do more than peek in the windows at this place.
3	After driving by here many times, I stopped in and purchased 4 pastries to bring home.  I got a strawberry tart, a chocolate bomb, a lemon meringue tart, and chocolate mousse.The strawberry tart consisted of two fairly hard top and bottoms with cream filling.  It was very sweet, almost cloying.  My wife at the chocolate bomb and the mousse and she thought they were good.  I finshed the purchase by eating the lemon meringue tart.  The crust of the tart was hard and it was difficult to eat without sending pieces of crust go flying.Overall, I was OK with what I got but there are so many better choices that I doubt I'll be returning.
4	Did my wedding cake here, tried coffee and cupcakes...Very good! Nice coffee house feel when you enter! Clean as well! Staff looks helpful and a desire to treat you nicely...Prices seem moderate...
3	Not sure if this place deserves more than a 3. I feel like they should choose to be a bakery or cafe, not both. The breakfast quesadilla was ok. The wheat tortilla wasn't tasty and it was dripping in salty pesto sauce.  It wasn't awful, just wasn't as amazing as people make this place out to be. The lemon merengue pie was actually not that bad and I would be back to try the other deserts but I would probably stay away from the food menu. Overall a good 3 and that's about it...
4	This place is in the same parking lot as my job and I finally got a chance I try it during my break today. I walked in and got a nice greeting from one of the girls that work there and was offered assistance on what to order when I told her it was my first time there. The decor is nice and elegant but very warm(I'll have to stay longer and order a meal next time!) I got the tiramisu in a cute little cup and bought the strawberry lemon custard parfait for my coworker. Together it was $9. It's fairly pricy but the portions are nice and the food was delicious! I am wiling to splurge and spend my break every once in a while and come here during break. Little treasure in a parking lot that doesn't seem to have much going on I'd recommend it!
