4	Delmonico's is a nice take on a steak house. It's not a super-special place, but the food is done right, the staff is attentive, and there are some surprises on the menu. I've had better, but there is certainly nothing to fault at this downtown Madison restaurant.We had the calamari as a starter and holy moly was it good. It's served tossed with a spicy-sweet chili sauce and peanuts. Very tasty. I had the Caeser salad to start my meal and the 6 oz tenderloin diana. Overall, I'd rate the steak a 3-1/2 stars. Although it was cooked perfectly and was as tender as could be, I was not a fan of the Diane sauce. Something was a little strong in it - I don't know if was the mustard or the wine used to deglaze, but it wasn't to my taste. Still, I'd go back here again.
4	Grade: BJohnny D's is back from its former F+ grade. Excellent service offset by very high prices. Food Fight Inc. actually gets one right. Although 1 for 9 is a terrible batting average...
1	While the staff is very polite and attentive, the food is mediocre and over priced.  I would not reccomend this to anyone for any occasion.
3	I went for a special occasion and it was a nice treat, we weren't disappointed.  The salad and soup was great, our steak was very good, and the dessert was good. Our server was attentive and helpful and we enjoyed how elegant and special the place made us feel.  Nevertheless, for the price that we paid, we should have been blown away by our food and that certainly didn't happen.  While we weren't disappointed, there are many other restaurants where I could get a much better steak for a lot less money- choose Tornado, Eldorado Grill, or Lombardinos instead.
4	Hmm . . . .it's 8:00pm on a  Monday night and I find myself in Madison, WI -hungry, tired and looking for a place that is close by to my hotel to grab some dinner.I am pointed toward Johnny's and low and behold- my entire evening turns around.  Great corner window seat to watch the happenings in downtown Madison? Check.  Very dirty martini served quickly WITH blue cheese olives?  Check.  A menu with alot of choices beyond steak AND fresh oysters?  Check.   Okay.  A few days in Madison is starting to look up.We scoured the menu and finally decided on non beef entrees (daring in a steakhouse and that is pretty much what Johnny's is)- scallops for a colleague and seared ahi tuna for me. Delicious! Both come with this amazing salad with pine nuts, goat cheese and greens tossed with balsamic vinegar.  Terrific!We stuck to mixed drinks but the wine list was also intriguing.  Other than a server that disappeared for lengths at a time and had to be hunted down- and a cracked martini glass (didn't want to waste a drop) this was a pretty good evening.Dinner for two with drinks and dessert was about $100 which was cheap given the amount of food we had.So the next time you see me and I am still going on and on about Johnny-no- I didn't meet a new man. Just a new place that will definitely go on my list to visit the next time I am in Madison.
3	Johnny's has some absolutely melt-in-your-mouth steaks, OR, some very on-par steaks. It seems to be  hit or miss. I only come here on special occassions as it is quite expensive to make a regular habit of dining here.But the last time I went I had the filet mignon and it was cooked perfectly, it practically melted in my mouth! The wedge salad wasn't bad either, an entire 1/4 of the head of iceberg lettuce with some tangy french dressing! And topping it off was my Van Gogh espresso vodka on the rocks from the "overpriced" bar....For the prices you pay I did expect a bit more.
3	I took my wife on a date night this past Friday and after much debate we finally landed on Johnny Delmonico's for our dinner location.  I had been before many years ago and was not too impressed but I was willing to try it again.We arrived early and the atmosphere is what I expected and practically we were the only people in the restaurant (not a bad thing, we arrive at 5:00 when they opened).  We were seated immediately and welcomed by a very wonderful and pleasant wait staff.  I will give them very high remarks on service!One of my favorite things in the world is bacon wrapped scallops and their appetizer did not disappoint.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and were absolutely delicious.   I only wish I had more of them.However the main course was not so entertaining for me.  Both my wife and I ordered the surf & turf (pre-planned as it was what we were craving).  My wifes steak (6oz petite tenderloin) was ordered medium-well and was cooked that way but was charred on the outside a little too much.  Her lobster was cooked well.  Her garlic mashed potatoes were delicious but small in portion.My steak (8oz tenderloin) was ordered medium and  was served medium well much to my displeasure and to me the steak lacked in flavor.  My lobster was undercooked and also lacked in flavor that a lobster should have. I would have liked a larger lobster tail over the whole lobster that was also small in size).  My double baked potato was wonderful. In addition the drawn butter for our lobsters was bland, served cool, and very disappointing.Overall it was a good dining experience but, besides the scallop appetizer, lacked in flavor.  I was hoping for an amazing dining experience that would bring me back to Delmonico's on a more frequent basis but that is not the case.
4	Great food. The only thing keeping the review from an all out five stars is that it's a pretty loud restaurant. I love this place (and it's in a great location). Great food. If you're g0ing, don't waste your time on anything but the steaks. That's not to say everything else isn't good; just that you go to Delmonico's for steak.
4	I love going to Delmonico's whether it's for cocktails or dinner.  I don't get to go often but when I do I love it.  The atmosphere is wonderful and the service is great.  I love their steaks but never hesitate to go for the scallops either.  I always start with the shrimp and it's always good.  We generally end with the chocolates and are never disappointed.
5	Delmonico's in my mind is the best restaurant in Madison for those looking for a perfect meal in an elegant restaurant that maintains a personal feeling.  I've always felt welcome and treated as a special customer.  I actually ate there last night.  I had the 16 oz Ribeye with none of the optional rubs.  It was fantastic.  Our waitress recommended a wonderful red wine that was a perfect complimented the meal.  It was a little more crowded than usual due to Restaurant Week in Madison but it was still top notch.  Park in the ramp right next door.  Delmonico's will validate.
5	We LOVE this place!  The steaks are awesome, and the calamari will ruin all other calamari for you it's so good!  BUT, this is definately a special occasion restaurant!  It's pretty expensive.
2	Unfortunately Johnny D's has gone downhill. I have been going to this restaurant for the past four years and it has always been one of my favorites. However, I went there last Friday and it has gone completely downhill. Our dining experience was so bad that I will not be returning to eat there nor recommending it to other people. It's really a shame considering we had been loyal customers for years.Last Friday we ordered two filet mignons. One done medium well and one done medium. They came medium rare and rare. We weren't given and steak knives and we waited and waited to get our waitresses attention but she was nowhere to be found. Finally we asked the hostess if she could find her for us. The one steak came with a side of garlic, the other did not even though both dishes were the same thing. One steak came blue cheese crusted the other didn't, even though both were ordered with blue cheese. The garlic mashed potatoes were watery. We ordered a side of cream corn 'gratin'. What a disappointment. It tasted terrible and had no resemblance to a gratin whatsoever. Our waitress never stopped by our table to ask us how our food was. When I finally got her attention I told her we were disappointed in the corn gratin. She could have cared less. What a lousy way to celebrate a birthday dinner. Like I said we won't be going back.
4	Johnny Delmonico's fits the bill for a great steak or seafood dinner.  The vibe is classy, service is professional, and the food is dynamite.  My husband and I spent over two hours here and had wonderful service from both the bar and waitstaff.  I had a French Gimlet cocktail with dinner and I now have a favorite drink.  St. Germaine and Prosecco are the bomb.  For dinner, I had the 6 oz. tenderloin with a side of hashbrowns and my husband had the King Crab Leg.  Literally, it is just a single crab leg, but it is so monstrous he had enough to share with me. Delicious. My tenderloin was cooked a perfect medium rare and was right up there with a couple of the best steakhouses back home in Minneapolis.  I think our favorite part of the meal, however, was the side of warm creamy corn and potatoes.  Holy smokes, that stuff is addictive!  If Delmonico's had take-out, I would get that every time.  We skipped dessert but lingered for awhile over some port and brandy.  Our bill was under $150 for two people, which was reasonable for such a great night out.  Highly recommended for a special occasion, date night, or business dinner.
5	Food and service top notch. We had the calamari and scallop appetizer. Shared a dinner salad and both had tenderloin. It was perfect. A little pricey and the wine list was awfully pricey but the food was amazing. Atmosphere was very nice. They do clear out early. It was 10pm on a Friday night and the place was empty.
2	I had this gosh-awful grilled chicken sandwich with limp greens and a gooey fried egg between focaccia for lunch here--don't remember how it was billed but this is all I can remember: Ack. It also reminded me of what we called an equally awful "bad breath sandwich" at a "gourmet" cafeteria next to a museum where I once worked. Anyway, friend had a grilled shrimp curry salad -- being a curry fan she said she couldn't taste any curry! While the place is beautiful and I imagine some power lunches with lobbyists and legislators go on here, go elsewhere for lunch. Maybe it's a go here for dinner, based on the other reviews.
3	The service here was outstanding. At one point my girlfriend and I looked at each other and said "are these people listening in on our conversation?"We just had a couple drinks and appetizers here and it was a pleasant (albeit pricey) experience. The tuna appetizer with garlic chips was really fresh and absolutely delicious.
2	Classy vibe with decent service and appetizers but entrees were disappointing.  I ordered the lamb shank special which was tough and barely warm.  Meanwhile, my fellow guest's steak was overcooked and waiter agreed it had to be returned.  I'd go back for drinks but not for a meal.
3	At first I was amazed by the decor and the extremely professional service at Johnny Delmonico's. When my plates were dropped in front of me, I gaped in awe. This is an extremely nice place. But the quality of the food didn't totally come through. once I had finished my meal, I was just thinking, meh.Now, if you have a lot of money to spend, this place really is good to get a meal at. I just don't know if I would pick it over another fancy downtown steakhouse. The french onion soup I started with was excellent - the layer of fresh, perfectly melted Wisconsin cheese on top is really what did it. These guys also know the meaning of "medium rare," unlike many Madison restaurants. However, I should have just gotten the tenderloin by itself, rather than ordering it as part of a "special." It was surrounded by a very creative group of ingredients, including caramelized red onions, sweet potato straws, grilled baby tomatoes, and an avocado aioli. Sounded great in theory, and it looked beautiful, but together all the ingredients just made an indistinguishable mash of vegetables. Nothing was especially fresh or well-prepared, except for the steak itself. I cut through a thick filet mignon like it was butter, and found a core containing a perfect shade of pink.My mouth waters just thinking about the cut of tenderloin I got at Johnny Delmonico's. If you come here, spare yourself the expense of an overdone meal and just get what they're good at - a thick, juicy piece of steak.
4	My bf and I went here last week for our anniversary, and it was delicious. We got bacon-wrapped scallops for an hors d'oeuvre, and I got the filet and he got rib-eye, each cooked medium-rare. I loved mine and he loved his, but I didn't care for the flavor of his steak. He got the garlic mashed potatoes and I got the double baked potato- which was huge! The server forgot to give us steak knives and was quick to leave after serving us, and we did not get our steak knives until 5 minutes later when he came back to check on us.  For is mistake we received free desert-  a yummy chocolate mousse cake. Also we were seated by the window and one seat was cold and the other had the heater cranking on our legs. I was too cold and he was too hot so we switched and were both happy. The bread was also very tasty and our server gave us extra to bring home to make steak sandwiches with our leftovers.
3	We went to Johnny Delmonico's for Restaurant Week and the food was quite lovely. The decor is cozy and our server was helpful but not intrusive, but actually could have been a bit more "available" at times. One of the people in our party has a dairy allergy and they were able to accommodate her without too much trouble and even had a dairy-free dessert option that was much appreciated. I had a mushroom appetizer, a beef entree and a bourbon pecan dessert. I wasn't blown away by any of them, but I'd happily eat them again. Athough the portions were on the smaller side, they were adequate/appropriate for the $25 price tag. All in all, one of the better Restaurant Week meals we've had in the past few years.
3	One of the few real steakhouses in the Madison area.  I started with the french onion soup which was very good.  Couldn't try any of the appetizers because I'm allergic to fish.  Went with the 14 oz. tenderloin for dinner and it was very good.  Always get my steaks medium and they cooked it right.  One knock on this place is that it's very expensive.  Good food but smaller portions.  Service is usually very good and friendly.
4	Dee. Lish. Us! I'm in Madison for work, and have been working hard - so naturally I wanted to treat myself to a nice dinner and wine. The place was pretty empty, but what do I care....   Just better service for ME.   I sat at the bar, and Carmen (the tender) was very friendly and helpful.  I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat or drink and she suggested a couple of things.   I ended up going with a bottle of Shiraz (bc that's my favorite) and although it was a brand I've never heard of Two Hands, but it too was a great bottle of wine.  Now the 8oz filet I ordered was grilled to perfection, and the garlic mashed potatoes were an excellent compliment. Highly recommended for a special treat.
3	Yawn.Everything was fresh and the tasted fine. But, this is a very ordinary place.  The menu, food, decor, service, and clientele was generic.  The tenderloin cooked medium rare had excellent texture but the taste was bland.  Garlic mash potatoes, salad, and appetizers were average.  Seems like this place draws a lot of business travelers and government workers (supported by WI tax payers).I would opt for Tornado club who serves a much more flavorful piece of beef.
2	Ok - So it IS the first night of Madison's Restaurant Week, but isn't this the reason restaurants entice people to try their wares. and hopefully, come back again?  Sadly, Johnny's fell short on too many fronts.  Reservations were made earlier in the week for a party of 5 at 5:30 pm, this was an intentional early reservation to beat the Restaurant Week crowd rush. When I arrive at 5:30 pm I'm told by the host that 3 of the 5 are already at the bar with drinks.  I check-in with the host only to find that our table is not ready, seriously, you just told me that my party is at the bar, and our table isn't ready?  And now we wait, and the apologizing begins.  We get seated closer to 6 pm. and the dining room is still not that busy.  Restaurant Week restaurants offer a Prix Fixe dinner menu for $25 - choice of App. Entre.Dessert.  More waiting, our server arrives and we order. More waiting,  Appetizers arrive.  More waiting and 2 rounds of bread baskets later.  Our server now comes back to our table realizing we all ordered the steak, but failed to ask how we wanted it done-1 med well, 4-med rare.  Minutes later, our entres arrive.  We take note that it is now 7:20 pm.  We finish the meal at 8:00 pm.The food was a scaled back offering fom their standard menu, we all get that, and the food was fine.  Worth the price paid, however, it could not make up for such poor service, and an unwillingness to make up for it with anything but "I'm sorry."  Here's a thought, offer a round of drinks, a gift certificate, a discounted bill, something to show you are trying to get us to return.I will not be returning anytime soon, restaurant week or otherwise.  Johnny's must earn my business back, and saying, "I'm sorry." will not bridge this divide.I hear the Tornado Steakhouse is good.
5	I had a great experience here - only one so far - but it was so good it's worth sharing. Truly nice environment. Comfortable, large tables. Nice linens and exceptional lighting. Food servers who are knowledgeable, professional and have an eye on detail. Exceptional food and execution. A wine list that goes beyond competence and delivers some challenges. For me, the attention to details here are what makes dining at Delmonico's a rewarding experience. To start, cocktails are well made - shaken to the appropriate stage - and not meager. Appetizers (I stayed in the seafood realm) were wonderful. Warm scallops, perfectly tender, wrapped in a thin round of crispy bacon. Crab cakes - though not of the Maryland substance - still delicious and married with a lovely mustard aioli. Known for steaks, there are some rather standard choices that joyously expand in nightly specials to include bone-in options and a Porterhouse. Opt for the rib-eye. Excellent flavor. Juicy (meaning properly rested) and executed to temperature. Crispy skinned cod, moist without failing to cloying, mushroom saute and a (somewhat bland) carrot ginger puree. A bacon-infused mac and cheese that delivers on the cheese-creaminess so many others fall short of. I dug the creme brulee - accomplished but not eye opening. The chocolate cake lacked something for me in the texture, but the cocoa flavor and the frosting all scored high. Dining in a restaurant is more than just eating food. It's about service, it's about atmosphere, and - in the right hands - it's about inspiration. Delmonicos puts together a well rounded experience. Places like the Tornado club offer great to superior food - they should let their steaks rest longer - but the environment can be a bit too funky for a nice evening out, and the service can be a bit too junior varsity to really propel the overall experience into "special". No stumbles on that front here. I will point out that the open room with high ceilings can get noisy fast, but it didn't detract from the experience for me. A pleasant "event" type memory of bigger city dining. Your mileage might vary.
3	I go back and forth with this one.  Sometimes the service rocks and the food is great. Other times the food stinks and the service is not so good.  I guess it depends on what is happening at this place when you visit, new staff, etc.  But always pricy.
2	ok, FINALLY made it here... sure won't rush back. Nice decor, but ordinary. Service was GREAT, Adrienne our server was awesome. Apps- shrimp cocktail, tuna , sclalops in bacon... all YUMMY- tuna was GREAT! we were a party of 8- my steak( ribeye) was a big ole disappointment. - i have NEVER had a bad ribeye, and at a steak joint?? hmmm.....creamed spinach was bland and the creamed corn was AWFUL and NASTY! others loved their steaks... mine was flavorless. if i do go back, it will be for drinks and apps... was so hoping for more from this place.
5	I love Johnny Delmonico's!  In the dozens of times that I have been there for lunch or dinner, I have never once received anything less than stellar service and an outstanding meal.
4	Great service and nice atmosphere.I had the scallops which were good although a bit rich for my taste (nothing low fat about that dish).Service was excellent. Our waiter was patient with our table (not everyone could decide on dinner selections quickly) and helpful. We found a Ramey Syrah on the wine list that was both delicious and reasonable - something you don't find on a lot of steakhouse wine lists.
2	On a recent business trip to Madison, I had the opportunity to experience Demonico's.  As it's a rare occasion to hit a nice steak joint, I was definitely excited and eager to get in the door and sample the menu.  We ended up ordering almost every app and a variety of sides, in addition to my main course - the Tenderloin (ordered medium-rare - of course!).  While the ambiance is typical higher-end steak place, i.e. dark, formal, and warm (by the way, this is all good) and the server was great, the food certainly fell short of all my expectations.  The mussels were in a sauce that felt too watered down, the tuna app was average, as were most of the sides.  My steak was over cooked and dry.Johhny Delmonico's has all the makings of a great restaurant, but it maybe time to look for a better kitchen staff.
2	Despite a scathing review a few weeks ago we decided to keep the reservation we had made for New Years Eve. Then a couple of days ago we were pleased to learn a new chef had been brought in from another restaurant.I wish I could say this was a great meal but it was not.The ambiance and the decor was lovely. Our server was a true professional. When we brought concerns to his  attention he immediately tried to make things right.Some highlights... The wedge salad, the chicken entree, my French Gimlet and the lobster bisque. The just okay....the steaks, the broccoli, the pie, the creme brulee and the bread. The bad...the garlic mashed potatoes which were touted by the waiter. They were dry, tasteless and cold. The hashbrowns were also cold. It should be noted that the potatoes were targeted in the bad review. The chocolate cake was unremarkable.The manager was open to feedback which was a good sign. I do love the location and the decor. I so hope the necessary changes area made.Food Fight must step up their game. They know how to make a restaurant pleasing to the eye and now they have to deliver to the palette. I know I am not only person that misses Firefly. I rue the day Texas Tubbs moved in.Eating out has become a luxury. Mediocrity is not acceptable. Here's to a delicious New Year!
4	By far a leader in Madison steakhouses.  Craig runs a right ship and it shows in the joint's consistently well executed food,  thoughtfully balanced wine list and well timed food/beverage delivery. Hits: Wedge salad and petite fillet. Misses:  Undercooked hash browns...that the kitchen will remedy if you order them extra crispy. Hints: Ask for a booth next to the bar if you  want a more casual, private meal.
4	Went for a private dinner, quite yummy. Nothing out of the ordinary but everything was solid, fairly traditional. Fried calamari with spicy peanut glaze was an unusual standout. Steaks cooked flawlessy, truffle skinny fries tasty, if not perhaps a touch too skinny. mac and cheese also delicious, but this seems par for the course in Madison. The only disappointment was the bordelaise sauce that was more just salty than flavorful, but then again most places don't make a stellar bordelaise.Top notch service, staff were great. Great for a business dinner or when you want solid traditional food.
3	I think this place is overrated, simply because it's one of the only flashy-modern restaurant in town. It's the de facto nice place (read: prom) to eat in Madison. It's not horrible, but debatable if it's worth the price.Their Martinis were pretty good - nice olives, but their old fashioneds were not good. Let's huddle on that one, guys. I can't remember what apps we got, but they were decent. I was really not too impressed with their steaks; I found them to be soft and just meh. The scallops were delicious and had some great flavors - kudos for those. the desserts were forgettable and could be skipped without regret.PS - this review is sponsored by Oliver :)
4	Have been here multiple times, and have found the experience to be consistently positive and satisfying. Our four-tip split an app of bacon-wrapped scallops (five of them, oddly) which were done expertly. Two split wedge salads later (they were fine), four steaks all passed the test - even for the price. Sides were adequate - high marks for the fries, decent score for the hash browns, but the garlic mashed potatoes were sadly only average. Dessert of coffee and creme brulee capped it all off.Ambiance was decent - there's only one non-bar area where windows are present - three four-tops and a couple two-tops. It can get cramped, but the noise level was appropriate for the proximity to our neighbors. Service has always shined in all our visits there, and this visit was no exception.You'll probably get sticker shock if you hit the drinks as well as dinner (we had a round of Delmonico Old Fashioneds and a bottle of wine with dinner), but it's not like that's a surprise.
4	Great steakhouse! I'd try the caesar salad with any filet and you cant go wrong! Nice atmosphere and friendly staff!
4	After a bad experience at Mader's in Milwaukee, Delmonicos was a pleasant treat.  Not cheap but you get what you pay for.  Great manager and wait staff.  Filet was wonderful and my wife's Taste of Delmonico's was perfect.  Great job.
4	Man was I full after I ate at Johnny's. It was my first trip to this steakhouse, and I'd have to say it holds its own compared to the competition in the area. I got that 10oz, NY Strip, Oscar style. That's right, I wasn't afraid to roll the dice and give it the oscar treatment. To quote the great Yngwie Malmsteen "people always tell me that less is more.....how is this possible? More is More." I also got the hashbrowns as my potato, and they were great. The only reason this place didn't get 5/5 from me is because I ordered a sidecar, and it came in a martini glass. I mean I'm no expert, but it seems like a rocks glass would've been more appropriate. Maybe I'm being too critical, maybe I've been watching too much Mad Men lately, but it just rubbed me the wrong way.
4	Johnny Delmonico's is a classy establishment just off the Capitol square. Their interior reminds me of when Sean Connery and Harrison Ford were on the zeppelin in the movie, "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade". I would describe it as streamlined, intimate, and modern in the sense of Art Deco. The booths I saw were private and warm and the sound levels very quiet.Supper was superb. I sat at the bar and began with a Silver Gimlet, which was a mixed masterfully at the bar. Gin, simple syrup, lime juice, and the right touch of mint. Excellent.Oysters Delmonico followed as an appetizer. What a great choice. A very rich presentation of 6 oysters topped with finely cut spinach, finely diced smoked bacon, hollandaise and breadcrumbs, then toasted until broiled. The center of the plate holds one-half a lemon wrapped in cheesecloth. They were very good and I would certainly get them again. While they were a touch heavy on the hollandaise, I thought they had the perfect amount of bacon. So often you get a, "more is better" philosophy with bacon but here the chef knows that is not true. I would certainly order these again, and feel a man could do quite well to just order 3 of these and call it a bachelor's dinner. Word of advice to the diner: use the lemon. I didn't on my first two and I regret it, as the oysters went from good to great with the addition of the lemon.The main was a 10 ounce New York Strip seared right in between medium and medium-rare, precisely what I requested. Great job back in the kitchen. It was lightly seasoned and plenty juicy despite a being very lean. When I asked about the potato options for an accompaniment and what the best choice was, the bartender James told me that the french fries were shoestring fries and drizzled with white truffle oil. They were cooked nicely and they did not short anyone on the drizzling...the fries were richly earthy; in fact, too much so for me! However, if you're a lover of truffles go with them. You won't be sorry.Service was pleasant, competent and attentive, but fairly insincere. I've experienced this with Food Fight's restaurants, but never with Lettuce Entertain You operations in Chicago. Something for management to think about. Still, I'll take attentive and insincere over the other way around any day of the week.Finally, there were two other things about the menu I wanted to compliment. First, the steaks are a wide variety of weights and cuts. I've never seen a 10 ounce strip on a menu before but it was wonderful to see it and allowed me to order a generous appetizer for myself. Also, their dessert menu was original, exciting, and wide-ranging. It had a bit of everything, and when I see that level of creativity in what is normally a realm of same-old, same-old options, I'm excited. I'll sample the next time I am there.Go for for it - I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal, and there is a wide range of fish and fowl options if steak isn't your thing.
4	Great food - great service.  Loved this place. They were quite attentive when we wanted them to be, and not around when we didn't want them to be.
2	I have been to Delmonicos for many business dinners and have always found the food, service, and management very solid. On a recent business dinner the food was terrible! We started with crab cakes that were bland. The steakhouse salad was the best thing I ate all night. I ordered the petite filet with a blue cheese crust with the garlic mash. The steak came out looking like a hamburger with cold blue cheese salad dressing pored over the top. The mash came out piped out in an ugly lasagna noodle looking design and were cold and dry. My dinner companion ordered the same thing and got a nice looking filet with a nice blue cheese crust but it had a long piece of shriveled Saran Wrap plastic stuck inside the blue cheese crust. It was restaurant week and maybe the kitchen was over whelmed, but the attention to detail and the trash they served me was unforgivable. I had the key lime pie for dessert which was also forgettable and I didn't enjoy it enough to even finish it. I won't be back for any business meetings or otherwise until they revamp their kitchen staff and management.  Time for a total overhaul Delmonicos.
2	This is a review of my lunch experience.  I had lunch with two friends last week and JDS completely failed on both service and food.  From being seated to the time we got our check was one hour and fifteen minutes.  Really, for lunch?  In fact, one of my guests took about three bites, asked for a box and almost immediately had to take her lunch with her back to her office.  Oh I forgot, my other guest ordered a plain hamburger, well done, on just a bun.  This is how he always orders a hamburger, so he is always very clear with his order, he knows is not common.  Pretty easy, right?  Instead, he gets a cheeseburger with some lettuce.  Wrong!  I got a simple steak sandwich at a steak house, and it was just plain bad.  No flavor, absolutely no flavor.  There was one highlight, the french onion soup.  It was very good.  Overall, an incredibly disappointing experience all around.  I would be very reluctant to go back for lunch.
5	Eight of us went to Johnny Delmonico's for a celebratory dinner.  Our meals were excellent from cocktails, appetizers, soups, and the six different entree choices made.  The service was wonderful from beginning to end!  Our visit was the perfect ending to a very important day.  Very happy with our choice!
5	Enjoyed this hosted party for the Madison Chamber, great food and service.
5	Went to Johnny D's for a business dinner.  Saw mixed reviews from previous customers.  However, my visit was great.  The customer service was okay.  But, the food was excellent.  Calamari and bacon wrapped scallops with wedge salad were great for starters.  My main entree was the 16oz ribeye with a baked potato.  I have always said the best steak I ever have is the one I grill myself.  This chef proved me wrong.  I am here for the food, so no deduct for the mediocre service.  After the steak, there was no room for desert.
3	James is one of the best bartenders in Madison.  He is always friendly, has a talent for remembering names, and makes awesome cocktails. Craig is one of the Madison's best Sommeliers. Put your glass in his hands and receive a wine you may otherwise overlook (or know and be thrilled that it arrived). [UPDATE: Sadly, Craig is no longer at Johnny's. My mother always said, "when you have nothing nice to say, then you should say nothing." So, that is what I will say about the new direction of their wine. Stick with a cocktail from James. You'll be better off.]
4	8/24/13  This review and rating is about the bar and NOT their kitchen.  My wife and I stopped at Johnny Delmonico's to start our anniversary celebration.  We really enjoy their bar services. Stop in for a drink.  The space is great.  The bartenders know their stuff and are friendly.  I'm NOT a fan of their kitchen output and would not suggest dining there.  I haven't enjoyed their food on any occasion.  SORRY.   I do understand they have a new GM.  Perhaps things have changed at the BOH, but once bitten twice shy.
3	I had not been here in quite awhile,  but i saw the happy hour deals and my wife and I decided to give it a try.  On the good side,  service was great,  the calamari appetizer was excellent and we enjoyed the discounted wine.  On the minus side,  my wife ordered her steak medium rare and emphasized the rare part and still received a mefium to medium well steak.  Very disappointing for a steak place.   I took a chance and had the thai pizza.  It had some nice flavors but was bone dry.  Just some tangy sauce would have made it.  So, disappointing for us.  I truly expected better.
5	I ate here twice this week two days apart on a business trip.  I went twice because it was that great!  I compare my experience to the Tornado steak place, which was also good, but Delmonico's I will remember for a long time to come.  Both times I had the bone in ribeye with blue cheese and asparagus on the side.   The calamari to start was just awesome.  The bartenders were great servers and company, and my hat is off to the chef, well done sir.  It's a tough industry and so often people nit pick at every little thing in these reviews.  In this case, if you like a great atmosphere and and even better meal, this is your spot.  Don't worry about the professional critics in the other reviews.  You will not be disappointed.
5	The restaurant is amazing.The food is so good. many meats and sea food choices.Beer - AWESOME!!!
4	As always, had a great meal there. For wine we drank Wild Hog 2007 Cab which was amazing. Waiter suggested hash browns and they were great. Had a NY Strip that was excellent. I suggest au poivre. For dessert had the lava cake and it fed four.
4	I wanted to love this place, but in the end - I loved the service and the food was ok.   Basically I gave the food 3 starts, but my server Jamie got 5 stars so I compromised with a 4 star review.  My steak was good - I ordered it medium rare and it was a lot closer to rare - but hey, I am adventurous.  My garlic mashed potatoes were over salted - not to the point of inedible - but definitely noticeable.  The appetizer was a bacon wrapped scallop - the scallop was well cooked, but completely overpowered by the bacon.  Maybe just ill conceived?  Bacon should be used to wrap things otherwise devoid of flavor.  I got the soup of the day - which I would rate just OK...sort of one note.  On the positive side - the drinks were great - and the service was excellent.
5	My wife and I ate here for our tenth anniversary, it was fantastic.  Food was great, service even better.
4	I visited in late June 2014 and got the 10 oz. dry aged NY strip with hash browns.  The hash browns were meh, just typical hash browns to me.  I wish I would have gotten something else.  The steak on the other hand was very good.  It was a choice steak rather than prime, but the flavor of the dry aged steak more than made up for that.  10 oz. wasn't enough, but then I didn't want to pay for a larger cut.I had a glass of a cab. sav. that wasn't on the menu and it was quite tasty.  I've had better wine, but this one paired well with the steak and that is what I was looking for.For dessert I got the cheesecake with raspberries.  There wasn't much for raspberries (2) or sauce, but that was just fine for me as I like cheesecake in and of itself.  It was creamy, but a little light.  I prefer a dense and creamy cheese cake.  The dessert was still good.
3	We went back to Johnny D's last night hoping for the same great experience we had the first time here.  Unfortunately, even though our really good waiter told us everything we ordered would be cooked to our precise specifications, that didn't turn out to be true.  The entrees are in the $25 to $45 range and you'd expect that the food would be served 'as ordered'.  My husband and our friend ordered steaks, medium rare.  They both were delivered steaks that were medium well to well.  I ordered the scallops but requested that they be cooked well.  I don't like my scallops all 'jiggly'.  They were delivered pan seared only and quite jiggly.  I should add that our fourth diner was very pleased with her Shichimi Togarashi-Crusted ahi Tuna.  Even the bill showed the scallops were ordered 'well' so it wasn't the waiters mistake.  I've got to think there was a new chef in the kitchen or they were overwhelmed with more orders than they could handle.  By the time we left the place was almost filled to capacity.  Maybe they were short staffed in the kitchen? Last point of dissatisfaction was the drink my husband ordered towards the end of the meal.  He requested a rye manhattan.  What he got was a very large glass of ice with a very small pour of something pinkish looking.  It clearly was not a rye manhattan.  To add insult to injury, they charged $14.50 for this mystery drink.  Three of us should probably have sent our meals back (plus the rye manhattan!) but that's just not something we are comfortable doing.  I used to go out to eat with my maiden aunts and be embarrassed when they sent food back or complained about little things.  I decided back then that I would not do that.  Our waiter was terrific.  He explained each of the specials in a way that left you smacking your lips for each of them!  And the ambience is clubby, woody, really comfortable with a small intimate bar and a few booths and high tops in the bar area.I'm sure when we are in the Madison area we will go back to Johnny D's.  It was just too good the first time to give up on!
3	Calamari appetizer with a sweet and spicy sauce is a big deal for me. .. anytime I see it on a menu I order it.  This one came with peanuts and apparently you can't get it without the nuts ( sad face for those with allergies). I thought the Calamari was pretty good. ..personally I would have liked more sauce,  but it had a pretty good flavor and the nuts weren't to overbearing. Not the best I've ever had but not bad. Ordered the Java crusted ribeye with a baked potato. The timing between my app and dinner entree was a little longer than it should have been. My waiter warned me that the Java may be to much but I actually thought it was pretty subtle. ..I do like coffee flavored food though. The presentation of the baked potato was nice but it was a little underwhelming. ..no salted skin or anything ( yes, I eat the skin. ..lol). That's not a major problem but I added some pepper to give it a little something something. I usually eat my steak medium well but the other reviews made me order it medium. I thought it was pretty spot on. The 16 oz was way to big for me to eat in 1 sitting but overall not bad. I would come back again. ... Just not rush back.
5	The Cedar Plank Salmon is by far THE best salmon I've ever had.The C.A.B. burger is one of my top 3 favorite burgers (self-proclaimed burger critic here).Best Lobster Mac & Cheese  I've ever had (doesn't have that strong seafood taste/flavor that a lot if seafood Mac & cheese dishes have).Both the steak Cobb salad and strawberry chicken salad are amazing (and huge- definitely can split these)I don't think there's a dish you could go wrong with here (except during restaurant week when they had a po-boy on the menu- was not impressed. But it was a po-boy sandwich so, you know, not that shocking)
4	One thing to definitely keep in mind is that there will be a good deal of food coming your way if you eat here.They were very accommodating to a large party even as the numbers kept on changing both up and down. This is the third time I've eaten here and every time, the servers were polite, professional and courteous, not to mention knowledgeable about the menu.For appetizers, we went seafood, selecting the scallops, shrimp cocktail and, by far my favorite, the calamari. It was well cooked, crisp and the sweet chili sauce complemented it beautifully! If I had to skip one thing, it would be the shrimp cocktail. As good as it was, it wasn't worth the price. The french onion soup was very good, I only wish it had more of that wonderfully melty cheese; I only got through half of the soup before I was out of that cheesy goodness.You're at a steakhouse, so get a steak. To be perfectly honest, the 16 oz ribeye is more than anyone should eat in a given sitting but it's so good. Mine was perfectly mid-rare but one of my dining companions had her steak a bit too rare for her liking. A side of crispy hash browns, a full skillet's worth, pairs wonderfully with it, that is a meal in and of itself.
5	This was our first visit. The French onion soup was fantastic definitely a recommend. The steaks were done just write and the wait staff was great
2	Went for our 25th wedding anniversary. Service was friendly but bad. The food came out cold. The scallops were cold and under cooked. The steak was done well instead of medium rare. I would not complain on this particular night however afterwards my wife told me hers was cold also.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  Love the salmon and I haven't had a bad app here yet.  A great place to unwind and enjoy great food and drink.
3	Great location and ambiance! For the price, the food was sub-par, at best. I ordered the petite filet, mashed potatoes, and the shaved b sprouts. My potatoes were cold to the touch, steak was cooked med-well (ordered medium), and the Brussel sprouts were just disgusting. My spouse ordered a  filet, as well. It was cooked well...he ordered it medium. He got the accompanying crab legs and they were cold on the ends/slightly warm in the middle. All in all, really unimpressed with the food..especially for a $200 bill. Won't be back.
3	Update to my earlier review:The GM of JDs reached out to me to try to rectify the poor experience with a gift card. Totally unexpected! However, it is great to know that this restaurant cares about their customer's experiences and realized that word of mouth is a powerful tool.Bravo! We'll give this restaurant another shot... :)
