4	Connolly's is exactly what you think it is: an Irish-style pub. That's great. No frills, no bells and whistles, just an ol' fashioned place to meet friends and grab beers. I love it here. Because of its location in the middle of Uptown, it's a great place to meet after work or before, say, a Bobcats game or concert/event downtown. On most nights, it's pretty mellow here, so it's a great place to chat and drink, or even watch or discuss the game on TV. On weekends, though, and Thursday nights, it gets a lot more crowded--pretty packed, in fact, so it's definitely got a different feel on those nights. Great place to meet singles, as far as I can tell. The bar itself has two floors, and the upstairs is usually more rockin' than the downstairs--more people, louder music, etc. There are a million beers on tap, as you'd expect, so you can grab pretty much anything you'd want, and obviously they've got all the liquors down pat, too. Great bar. It is what it is.
4	I don't like most uptown bars, but Connolly's is an exception. It's just a fun Irish pub. Because of this it has more character than some of the trashy uptown bars. I like the brick walls and ambiance of the second floor. They seem to be always be watching a soccer match there, and their patio is really nice on warm days. The bar is also a big player in the Charlotte Irish Summer Festival.
3	My usual Irish Pub hang out in Charlotte is Ri-Ra, but I forgot that they are still repairing the place after a fire, so I went around the corner to Connolly's. Now this will sound like a criticism, but I don't mean it that way, but... this is not a Pub, it is a bar. Which is fine, unless you are looking for a Pub. So, what is the difference? To me the biggest difference is that a Pub has a kitchen and more than just wings and cheese sticks and Connolly's does not. I didn't venture upstairs, so maybe I am speaking too quickly. Anyway... dark and smoky this is a bar. But hey, they serve Guinness and Red Breast Irish Whiskey, so why should I complain?... I got pizza later anyway.
3	I'm not really a bar goer, but ended up here for a late-night-one-more-drink get together. Two stories. Easy going crowd. Get enough drinks in some and they start clogging, which vibrates the floor and your chair (not so comfortable). Good and friendly service. Relaxing time. Great tunes. Decor is just right for the pub feel.
3	Fun, irish pub in uptown Charlotte. We came by for one drink - they have two stories which is great. Drinks were reasonably priced and service was fast and friendly. Crowd was easy going. Everything was great except for the bathrooms! The upstairs ladies was closed for renovations and the downstairs had a faulty lock. Two different people walked in on me mid-pee. Not fun. Connolly's please fix your facilities for the ladies!!
3	I really like the atmosphere of this pub when we first went there.  I liked how small and intimate it was.  I like dark, candle lit bars.  It just makes me feel a little more cozy. Unfortunately, the service was a bit lacking.  It took about 10 minutes to get a beer (on several occasions) when there was hardly anyone there, and they charged us twice for 2 single Jameson's. We didn't catch this until we had gotten home. It's not that big of a deal, but considering we went on a night when it wasn't that busy, you think they would be paying more attention to what was going on in front of the bar (i.e. people waiting for drinks) and behind the bar (i.e. getting someone's tab right) I have a feeling we'll be going back. It was a great time regardless, but I guess there are some things that just leave a bad taste in your mouth.  We'll be going back though. ;)
3	Cool Irish spot with a new outdoor patio. No food and a limited draft and bottled beer selection.  Free WiFi.  The hostess is gorgeous so I would drink there anytime.
3	Pleasant little Irish-style place, with a patio and two stories and the usual Irish brews on tap.   But, as other reviewers have said, the lack of food means that the place should not claim to be a pub.
2	Only two stars due to the lack of selection.  No food menu and inside is like a dungeon.  They do have a nice outside area with TVs and a rather secluded environment.  One of these stars is because of their Sunday special.  $4 Car Bomb shots!!  Other than that, they really don't have any other specials.  I asked the bartender why that was?? His response, "we don't want to attract that kind of crowd."  What crowd would that be, sir?? hmmmmm.. Pass on this place.  -Ian M.
4	Connolly's is a great Irish Pub with no food, but great bartenders and an even better time. Beware though, if you have never been, you will be floored at how dark it is! I have a friend who told me the story of when he first moved to Charlotte and stumbled into what he thought was pronounced "Cannolli's". He walked in, ran into a table, couldn't see anything and ran back out because he had no idea what he had just walked into. Ha! But your eyes will adjust and you will be fine after you grab a Guinnes or a cider. Most of the people that work there are actually from Ireland or another country such as Australia. The experience in a pub is just that much more enjoyable when accents are involved (especially with hot guys). While you're there, take in the music, which is sometimes Irish, sometimes hip hop, and the decor of the room. On the walls you will find all authentic effects from Ireland, such as street signs and sports memorabilia. If you are there on a busier night (which sometimes can be every night) head upstairs if you can. The upstairs is usually open Thursdays through Saturdays, I think. It's much roomier up there and you can always find a few young people dancing up there (again with very little light). The crowd normally seems to be mostly young professionals including a lot of after work stop-ins like bankers and lawyers. Sometimes there are a few tourists and foreigners with accents as well (preferably hot).   ;) To make the most out of going to Connolly's take it for what it is... you will get drinks very quickly and proably drink A LOT. You can easily meet new friends and sing and dance a little. They don't serve food and even though, it is clean, there's not much else to it. A HUGE tip for the ladies: if you use the restroom downstairs make sure you lock the door with the large latch lock that slides UP! If you lock the bathroom door with just the measly doorknob lock, SOMEONE WILL WALK IN ON YOU!! I have done this three times in one night to three poor, unsuspecting women who did not know this. Whoops! Sorry 'bout that...Also, I almost forgot, they just expanded their patio and it's awesome!! They now have 2 cornhole setups, a ping pong table and outdoor flatscreen TV's, not to mention more patio tables and more standing room. Venture out there; it's a new world! Aaaand lastly, if you do stop by, do me a favor and find the Irsh bartender "Murph" and give him a hard time... seriously do it. It will get him all fired up and a good laugh for you and me! ;) He is my favorite bartender in Charlotte but he's still a pain in the arse.
5	Yes, a visit to Connelly's is an escape to an ol' pub filled with character and life.
3	Now this is my kind of place. It's dark inside but the people are friendly, making room for you to sidle up to the bar to grab some of the Guinness that is pouring out of the taps on a regular basis or for one of their bottled beers. It's a simple place so know before you go that you may have to stand (it's crowded) and share a table or side bar with those milling around you. The crowd is varied from after work happy hour stragglers, to couples, to just folks popping in for a beer with friends. And while I found this odd- they actually carded one in our group at the front door. So if you don't have ID- you might as well take a pass on Connolly's! They have a patio on the side but on this cool night- it was merely a place for the smokers to hang out at. It might be nice in the Summer months. And on this night- the music selection was a bit eclectic mixing in the 80's with current hits (someones MP3 player, no doubt!) Bartender was efficient, beers were reasonable, and it was not so loud that I couldn't hear those around me speak. And in my book . . . .that's A-Ok!
4	Well you don't have to be Irish to like this bar, but you should have good balance and eye sight, because once it gets late and crowded failure to adjust your eyes to the dim lighting could send you on a tumble from the upstairs bar to the downtairs one in an unceremonious thump! Which although this is fun to watch is obviously less entertaining if it's you.  The gentleman I watched fall did hold onto his Guiness though so something is to be said for that kind of talent.  They have great bartenders, not friendly necessarily but quick and attentive. The clientel ranges from yuppies and pretentious snob types that work uptown, live uptown, and love uptown to only slightly pretentious snobs that live on the outskirts of uptown.  I am joking...kinda.  I love coming here because its small and intimate, but once the music gets going and you've had a couple shots of Jameson or Bailey's the night takes off with people dancing and singing, screaming "Sweeeet Caroliiiine! Ba! Ba! Ba! and before you know it, it's 2 a.m. and you're being ushered out on the street by jovial but persistant staff, arm in arm with your buddies off to find late night pizza or diner food. Definitley great way to end your Saturday night.
3	Cool spot - dark and small inside so very intimate.  They played good music and the bar was easy to get drinks from.  I enjoyed the people watching and the drunks that were trying to hook up - so funny.I will go back.
4	Oh, Connolly's...I don't know exactly what it is about this place, but I'm drawn to it. The bartenders are nice, the patio is great, my whiskey & whatevers are far from weak, and at least once a night when I go up to the bar some stranger wants to take shots. (okay, well maybe sometimes I initiate that, but really - is anyone complaining?) Sometimes the bathroom line is ridiculously long, sometimes whoever is "DJing" off itunes has just awful taste, and sometimes you may run into a large wooden object you couldn't see 6 inches in front of you, but hey, that's Connolly's. And the good people and booze definitely outweigh all of that for me, plus no one ever denies a flogging molly request!
4	My favorite Irish bar in Charlotte and probably the friendliest bartenders I've ever met.  I'm no beer connoisseur but apparently they have the best Guinness in Charlotte because of the short length of the line from the keg to the tap.  I've tried it and I can at least concur it is good!The only take away for me was the lack of lighting in the place, last time I was in there it was very dark and only lit by candlelight.  No biggie, but when I'm having a beer after work with a buddy, I don't really need the romantic feel of candles....hahaha.In short, if you want to grab a beer and be greeted by some of the friendliest bartenders in Charlotte stop in here sometime.  BTW, it does get pretty packed during the weekends and can get crowded.
3	The beer selection leaves a lot to be desired. Also, the playlists need to be updated every now and then. But, the location is killer and service is acceptable. The open seating area in the back is killer!
4	This bar is definitely a staple of Charlotte.  You can always count on a cool crowd and good music.  It is pretty small on the inside, although a notable perk of Connolly's is the outdoor patio.  You can find both ping pong and cornhole for your playing pleasure!  The bartenders are always friendly.  My only complaint (especially on behalf of my ladies) is that there are no mirrors in the bathrooms!  Also, I've never found the drink specials to be very good so it's not the greatest for saving some money.  That being said, this is a place where I know I can have a relaxing, good time!
4	I'm biased.  Lunch spots around work I give them 3 stars generally, but any local watering hole is like a default 4 stars.Came here when I first arrived at Charlotte, but forgot the name of it - (FYI, forgetting where you went for beers is a sign that the place is pretty dope in my book).  Umm, let's see - drinks were priced well, nice atmosphere, good location.  Will I come here again? Absolutely.  Funny story? It was like 3 months ago so I don't remember any =( If I do, I'll update... or live a funnier story! dmo out
4	Amazing bar.  Great ambiance / style / set up.   Great beer and drink selection.   Also has a wonderful covered outdoor sitting area that is quite large.   Loved this bar!
5	Meet several people, had a very good time, Staff is very friendly even though most of them are from Michigan.Saturday night after 10pm is when the crowd showed up, Draft beers $5. Would go back in a heart beat. I even meet some fellow Bengals fans...WHO DEY!!!!
5	Classic spot for a pint with friends!
4	I've been to Connollys twice, and both times it was for a special event being held in the upstairs room. My most recent experience was for a "Relentless Against Cancer" charity event that my friend was throwing in honor of the charity her family runs. Connollys management and staff were quite wonderful in allowing her to host the event upstairs, offering up great drink specials to help lure in the masses. The upstairs room is a decent size and would comfortably hold around 75 people. As there were around 50 when I was there, the room looked full but you could still get to the bar for a drink, which is always a good thing. There aren't many tables or chairs for seating, but plenty of space to mill about and chat with the other folks in the room. Outside of walking through the very busy bar area downstairs, I've not experienced the main masses at this Irish pub.
3	Connoly's is your average Charlotte Bar. What they have going for it is the heated outside patio and the regular patio next to it.  Sometimes you just want to go outside after being crowded in a bar.  The crowd seems to be younger and the upstairs usually is super packed.  I will probably go again, but nothing was really exciting.
5	Pohenomenal pint of Guinness. Very friendly staff. Nice place to hang out with friends.
2	I know Guinness is the Irish staple but I assume they drink other beers too. The selection here is horrible. The service was friendly and the place seems to always have a crowd but I just cannot figure out why.
3	Average bar with a nice outdoor area. You can go cornholing there which is fun.Wish the beer selection was better.
5	Favorite bar I have been to in Charlotte. Great beer and great space. Has a really comfortable and relaxing environment.
4	Just love this place. It is my go to bar for sure. The same staff has worked there forever, it seems, and they are more than happy to accommodate you. I told one of the bartenders a story once and went back weeks later and he had remembered me and that story. Good stuff. Nice to know they actually like their customers! Johnathan is super nice at the door as well. I think that maybe covert kicks in at 1030, but dont quote me on that.
4	We just stopped by for a drink before a show at the Blumenthal but I loved the feel of the place.  Dark and cozy with cool stuff on the walls and big HVAC ducts along the ceiling.  They have a nice patio outside also. The sign outside speaks volumes about the craic inside!
4	Darkest bar in Charlotte! No need to clean up the place just keep the light down extremely low and no one will see the bar scum on the floors. II don't think its that dirty but seriously I don't really know for sure because they keep that place like a damn cave, even in the middle of the day! This Irish Pub is pretty cool though, two bars on two floors and an outdoor seating area partially covered so your covered for the summer time thunderstorms  on sunday funday. Corn hole is set up out on the patio which can help pick up your a portion of your tab if your competitive and into gambling. The bartenders were friendly and the mood is more laid back and chill than other bars downtown. Peak hours can get pretty packed but the off hours are good for kicking it and catching up with some old friends.
4	Alright! My little Irish pub! I just drink Guinness when I'm here. I'm part Irish myself so when I'm here it makes me want to go the motherland lol. There's an upstairs and a large patio with games and such. Hope to see you there!
4	In from KC and stopped by for just a drink and ended up staying for several!  Extremely nice bartenders and very accommodating when it came to finding my football game.  Loved this place!  A true pub!!
4	I don't know what it is, but there's just something about Connolly's that says, "Classic Charlotte". Maybe its the fact that this is a place where locals have been coming on Friday and especially Saturday nights, for a long, long time.  Maybe its the chill, outdoor patio area.  Maybe its the friendly, sociable crowd and bartenders you are sure to find here.  Maybe, its the stiff, cold cocktails that taste soo good on hot summer nights.  Maybe its the fact that they both start with C's. Maybe I'm just a lush.  Maybe you are.  I don't know what it is, but there is just something soooo Charlotte, sooo Queen City about Connolly's.  I dunno, maybe its just a Charlotte thing...
5	This is an Irish pub that is the best place to relax and chill with your friends.First of all its an Irish pub with an Irish bartender. Not only that but there is this awesome Troll that they have that is just a cherry on top.  Outside the patio there is a game you can play called Corn Roll. Best night to go in my opinion is Monday and Thursday.  Anyhow, service is great, people who we see are awesome.There will be moments you bump into a mad drunk or two, but meh whatever. Name a place you haven't been to that wasn't like that.To me, if your in uptown stop by this place, if your searching for some one night booty, head to the clubs, as this place is a fun filled spot to have fun with your friends and meet people who enjoy drinking and having a good time. p.s.s leave your dirty laundry at home (meet a girl there that asked the whole bar if she should sleep with her ex, who so happen to be in the restroom)
4	Only been to Connolly's for a few pints - not sure if they serve food or not, so cannot comment on that.  Having said that - this is my go to place when I go out.  It is a very chill atmosphere (as comparison to a few other places near by), they always have a great beer selection (I always get the Natty Greene's #local).  Overall, I would highly recommend this place to someone who is looking for a good time Uptown (PS - great view of the Hearst Tower).
5	So far I like it.
4	After dining over at the EpiCenter, a big group of hard-partying folks decided that we wanted to have a few more adult beverages before calling it a night.  We ended up walking over to Connolly's & taking over the upstairs room.  I think the majority of our group ended up staying until last call.  We had good service and they were very accommodating despite the fact that a few folks in our group were pretty loud and maybe bordering on the obnoxious side.  But, thankfully we were all staying across the street at the Omni so  no worries about safety as we were leaving (with the exception of one guy who needed a little help getting down the stairs, LOL).
3	Good spot for an Irish Pub.  I went late on a Friday night and the place was packed with, what looked like, mostly college kids.  Good place to go booze and listen to loud ass music.  I'm sure the daytime vibe is different.
3	Phfff. Not sure what the point of this place is other than to watch people watch sports events on the upper level 'cause that's what  I spent much of my time doing until about midnight whereupon I switched to watching drunken wallflowers dance in a corner while everyone else just stood around shouting over each other. Typical bar. Glad i had a few in me before making it here otherwise i would not have been entertained. Wear you jammies here kids cause it won't matter the next day anyway.
4	When I'm out and people ask for advice about where they should go next, I send them here.I love this place. It could be packed or completely empty... doesn't matter. I always have a good time. Sober or drunk. Yes, I have in fact been here sober. Go ahead, bring the jokes.Connolly's is like a family. Many of the bartenders have worked here for years. They are all super friendly and damn good at slinging drinks. These are the same masterminds involved in Tyber Creek, Dandelion and Prohibition. They know what they're doing.The patio is huge. Perfect for after work cocktails or Sunday funday. Cornhole, tables, TVs. Pick your poison. Speaking of poison, if you're in the mood for a car bomb... go here to get it. And be sure to buy me one. Fridays and Saturdays you can typically expect a cover. It's usually just $5. You'll find that at several bars in uptown.I'm happy this uptown staple is not only still kicking it, but also remains one of the most popular watering holes in Center City. I know I don't have to say this, but don't ever change Connolly's.
5	Had a blast at Connolly's on Fifth.  Was in uptown for work and walked over to the bar with some co-workers.  We visited on a Tuesday and it had a nice size crowd for  a Tuesday night.  We went for a few drinks and ended up staying until the lights came on! Walked in and instantly felt at home.  Its a dark bar with typical Irish bar decor.  Bartenders were very friendly and easy to get their attention.  Great beer selection and everybody was super friendly. Will definetely be back.
1	TRASH. I can't tell you about the bartenders. But I can let you know the door man and some other bounces are not pleasant. I've been here a few times. It compares to Dandelion but about 10 times trashier with staff who don't really care about there customers.
5	Good atmosphere, fun people, great service, bar staff know their drinks. I will definitely go again when I am in Charlotte.
4	Well finally a place that can pull a pint. Good atmosphere and a friendly crowd. They also had a good selection of Irish whiskey.
4	Yes.  Its just a bar.  But a bar with the best black and tans around.  I love this place.  Always dim and has a cool atmosphere.  Also, short walk to the Charlotte Hornets games!  Great place to meet friends and then go to a game.  I love this place!
1	I hate this place especially the bouncer justin who refused to let me enter the establishment because I was wearing a UK polo. He said he was a unc fan and couldn't let me in because I would start stuff. I tired to talk to the manager before he laid his hands on me and threw me into the street nearly getting hit by a mini van. I tried calling management to express my opinion of the psychopath they have working the front door but the number does not work anymore. Further more I will never return because of the people this place chooses to hire.
2	This to me is about the experience if you are with friends, otherwise it is small crowded areas and little air conditioning. Upstairs and outside areas are tight too.It's really a 30ish looking crowd and most of the beer is mainstream, so they have cocktail specials most every night. It is loud and there's alot of staff around but it takes them a while to get to you, I did not notice anyone eating anything so it's bacically and drinking establishment.I'd bring my friends here on St. Patrick's day but it's not my fave.
4	Great place to get a drink and have a good time with friends. It's mostly the outside area that people go to. The bar tenders are funny as heck and there are plenty of screens with all kinds of sports to keep you entertained.I first went there with some of the coworkers from a previous employer. Didn't really stay for that long back then so had nothing to say. But tonight, it was just friends and a lot of fun! I could have even played the corn hole they have in one corner, but no one in my crew wanted to.Oh, yeah, they have Mecktoberfest. Go have fun!
2	Very crowded, food is just ok, bartenders are outstanding, great location, but here's my issue, why on earth do they charge a cover to go in? This is a drinking/eating establishment and they charge a cover when there is no band playing? Seems ridiculous and all about $$$$$$$$!
5	This is a great traditional Irish pub in Uptown Charlotte. Feels like you're in Ireland!   7 days a week, friendly Irish staff, dark lighting, and a Guinness pour that cannot be topped! I love this spot!   **They don't serve food, just so you know.
1	I was not very impressed with this place.  Walked in and immediately felt like I was working in a waste water treatment plant.  I cannot believe the employees can take the smell.  Had to go outside after getting a beer to make it work.  If they clean this place up, it would be pretty cool.  Good luck!
3	We spent NYE's at Connelys. It was...Okay. Honestly, it's just like an English/Irish pub. Upstairs doesn't offer food (not sure if downstairs does), but the music was fun and upbeat. The bar got insanely hectic after midnight, and it was taking people forever to get drinks. The bathrooms were very clean, and the guy picking up empty glasses was exceptionally nice. I'd go back for a well poured Guinness.
