5	**NOW OPEN FOR SUNDAY BRUNCH**  8 am -  3 pm This is a true neighborhood cafe with fresh food at neighbor-friendly prices.  Acacia Cafe just opened and I couldn't be happier.  It is easy to miss, sandwiched between an Italian restaurant and a retail plaza.  I stopped in the morning and was delighted to find a clean space with a great breakfast and lunch menu that is much more extensive then their website suggests.  For breakfast, they have several breakfast sandwiches, omelettes, and scrambles, a yogurt parfait, and an array of baked goods.  For lunch, they have about 5 different salads, 5 different sandwiches, and fresh made soup.  The counter person was super friendly as was proud to gush about the quality of the ingredients they use and that everything was made fresh including their baked goods (which includes cookies, rice crispy bars, scones, breads, croissants...).    I had a croissant and it was fantastic.  Seriously, the best I have had anywhere in Phoenix. If all this doesn't sell you, the prices will.  Breakfast items (including the breakfast entrees, like the veggie scramble, which all include a breakfast bread of your choice) were under $4 and lunch items were under $6!   My killer croissant was $1.50.  I guess you can keep prices low when you make everything in house.  They open super early 5 AM - 3 PM during the week, and a little later on the weekends.  (open Sat., closed Sun.), so you can pop in after an early morning spin session at Studio 360.   And parking is plentiful.  Let's review.  Cheap, tasty, and convenient.  It's the trifecta. FINALLY, an alternative to the mob scene that was once my favorite neighborhood spot (aka LGO).
4	I just came back from Phoenix and was delighted to find this cool cafe, not too far from where I was staying.  The prices are unbelievable ($4 for a Belgian Waffle? Unheard of at most places!) and the environment is pretty relaxing.  Like the previous reviewer mentioned, it definitely has a neighborhood feel and the servers are very friendly.  I wish I had a few more days in Phoenix; I certainly would have come back!
5	I did a little Yelping on Saturday morning in search of a good, cheap breakfast and this place caught my eye. I had driven past it a number of times but never stopped in. Big thanks to past reviewers for dropping by and taking the time to Yelp about this place! It is uber clean and the food is fresh and tastes delicious. And the prices are amazingly affordable -- the gf and I got out of there stuffed with goodness and spent right about ten bucks between us. Great find!
4	Thanks for the heads up about this place.  I decided to check it out after reading several people who posted.  It's a simple place with pretty good food.  It was too hot to eat outside but they do have a nice patio with umbrellas.  I'll remember that when the Phoenix winters come around.  I ordered the roast beef with carmelized onion sandwich and I thought it was very good.  It came with a side dish.  I also had a coupon for 20% off which I downloaded and printed after clicking on their website from the Yelp review.  So, take advantage of that savings.  Thanks fellow Yelpers!
5	One of my *all time* fave B'Fast places!Food is great!  People are personable.  Ambiance is pleasant.  Place is *clean*!After my second time, I've always been greeted as a friend -- not just as a "regular".  AND, Mike will cook my waffle [thanks for the heads-up Milee S.] the way I like my waffle.  I don't have to eat it the same way [golden brown] that most everyone else wants theirs.  I get it the way I like it -- charcoal-y [that's how I like a waffle. you get yours the way you like a waffle].Great place!  All thumbs up!
4	If you are looking for a simple, moderately priced, fresh place to eat where parking is not too much of an issue at lunchtime, this is a good bet... The staff is friendly and open to you altering the menu items.  The salads and sandwiches are tasty and portion sizes are just right.  I am excited to go back for breakfast sometime soon.  Just one warning... the atmosphere is not much.  Acacia Cafe is located in a strip mall and it's clean, but not too much unique inside.  Go for the food if you are looking for something fresh and simple - do not go for the atmosphere or with extremely high expectations...
5	We went here for breakfast, and while the wait time was unbearable, I chalk it up to cranky hangover paranoia. The orange juice was awesome! Other notable features are how clean and comfortable the place is, the sheer deliciousness of the food, and the probability of me coming back in the near future.
4	I had a revelation, coffee and sandwiches go great together! I don't recommend having coffee with one of those Jalepeno'd hot-sauced, spicy meat, pepper jack cheese monsters that every place seems to be slinging, but coffee and chicken salad on marble rye, perfecto! Acacia is off the beaten path and as my lunch date commented, "this place reminds me of some place in D.C." It was set up like a shop you'd see in a bustling city, but didn't have the patrons, nor the speed of say a Boston sandwich shop. "Let's go to Kelly's and gets some roast beef" (Bostonians know what I'm saying)   It was dead to say the least, a few lunchers (new word) but not at all busy, and it was about 12:20pm. We ordered, and about 15 minutes later got our food. It was very slow for lunch, and for the amount of orders they had. I had a 1pm meeting so we couldn't eat in house, and had to take it home. Overall the menu was great, prices excellent, and service friendly.  My date left a You've Been Yelped card. I thought it would be cool to drop the card on the counter and say "You been Yelped Mother F'er!" Then proceed to walk out all gansta style, and throw your hands up in the air. It' be like a drive by Yelping....
3	THE LASTING IMPRESSION:(an update on 3/31/08)Wow. The chicken salad sandwich on wheat bread is the bomb. I chowed down on this like nobody's business. And hooray for fresh fruit as my side, with smooth and satisfying coffee. I got my sandwich to go. Again, service was slow. While there, I had to pee. Hey, it happens. Bathroom was pretty clean, considering... and then it happened. Oh.My.God. ***I SAW A ROACH ON THE WALL!*** It crawled down at me, its little antenna twitching. I about threw up in my mouth. I don't think I can look at Acacia Cafe the same way again. 3 stars is the best I can give now. MY FIRST EXPERIENCE: (was initially 4 stars)I have always wanted to try Acacia Cafe. I've driven by it many times, yet didn't stop in until my lunch date and myself made a point to try a new place. Enter Acacia Cafe, per my request. I'm glad he listened to me! The place is bright and open - with tables inside and a nice patio outside. There's a tiny fridge area if you want to grab a quick juice or yogurt. Otherwise, you can step up to the counter and eye the expansive menu. Making your choice is tough. I went with the Veggie Panni, with a side of couscous. Served warm, the Veggie Panni had roasted eggplant, zucchini, red pepper and onions stacked on a grilled ciabatta. The pesto mayo was a nice touch - not overpowering whatsoever. Very good!The couscous was really great. I tried it first and couldn't put it down. My date had the Chicken Salad Sandwich. Adding almonds and grapes were a nice touch. It was good! The chips - roasted pepper and sea salt - were incredible. I didn't want to stop munching on them. And I had my huge Veggie Panni to contend with. The sandwich was large, cut in two, and perfect for 1/2 now and 1/2 later. For $6.75, that's a pretty good deal. Oh, did I mention we each got complimentary pickles? For drinks, we both had Vanilla Hazelnut coffee. Very good! I've already recommended to friends that if they want a new lunch spot or cool place to meet for coffee, then Acacia Cafe is a top choice. (WORD TO THE WISE: They don't offer Iced Coffee.)Yet, the service... ah, how slow it was! We were the only two there who placed an order. Why did it take over 10 minutes from the time we paid until the time they called our name? I mean, it was even an ORDER TO GO! Did they have to go out back and cut the veggies themselves? Maybe they had to pluck the chicken first. Whatever it was, it left a bad taste in my mouth - which is why I definitely can't rate this place any higher.HOURS OF OPERATION:(so sayeth the receipt)Mon - Fri: 7 a.m. - 3 p.m.Sat & Sun: 8 a.m. - 2 p.m.
5	I first went here yesterday for lunch to help support Dining Out for Life.  My two coworkers and I were all new to the lunch spot and we were all impressed when we left.I had the chicken salad sandwich with some jalapeno chips, one friend had the southwest salad and the other had a bagel and lox.  Yes, the service was a little slow.  We weren't on a time crunch so we were okay with it, although really hungry!  All of the food seemed very fresh and I think the delicious wheat bread for my sandwich might have been made that day.  It even came with a pickle - an added touch I like with my sandwiches and burgers.The menu had a lot of options and the portions were good, but not overly huge.  Another plus - the price is right.  They also serve b-fast all day long - one of my favorites!  I will definitely be back here and now I have another work-lunch option in the area.  Woohoo!One weird side note - I think we were the only people under 65 in the joint save one family with small children sitting outside...
4	I had a great time. I took a magazine and newspaper and just hung out for a while. The food and coffee was great! I had this great Asian Wrap. I even took a sandwich to go for my partner! (which he loved). I'm on my way back there right now to try out breakfast. This is a great little neighborhood cafe
4	Finally got around to trying this place out for breakfast Saturday morning and loved it - shared the veggie scramble sandwich and cinnamon french toast, both of which were delicious, and reasonably priced. Kind of a limited menu selection, but if everything else is just as good, that's not necessarily a negative thing. Extremely friendly staff - and they've got frequent customer cards, which I totally dig - my wallet's full of 'em. Most of them I don't ever get around to filling up or cashing in, but it's the thought that counts, you know - that promise of the free food reward at some point in the indefinite future... This one, though, I have a good feeling about - I might just cash this one in.
5	The staff is great, the food is great, even the cappuccino is great (had my first one today).i work close by and I have a choice where to eat and it's very often Acacia for breakfast and lunch.A few of my favs are:- Chicken Salad Sandwich- Southwest Ranch Salad- OmeletsEnjoy! (maybe I'll run into you there)
4	Been working on filling up my frequent customer card at Acacia Cafe, still in love with the little place. Turns out Sunday's are special because they've got a few extra menu items for their Sunday Brunch, including an awesome Fruit & Nut Waffle, with cranberries, raisins and walnuts baked right in. Yum. Other Sunday specials include Eggs Benedict and Eggs Albuquerque. If you've never been to Acacia on a Sunday, check it out.
4	I had no idea Acacia cafe would be so delicious. I have been here for breakfast quite a few times now, and each time I am pleasantly surprised. The food is high quality for low cost (almost diner) prices.  A few of my favorites: Awesome waffles cooked to perfection and covered in fresh ripe fruit.The veggie omelet (try the roasted vegetable mix), the hash browns its served with are always crisp and not greasy.The vegetable sandwich with cheddar cheese In addition to the food, the beverages are also great. They have three types of fresh brewed tea (the passion fruit is my favorite) and their cappuccinos and coffees are excellent also.The staff is friendly and quick to help you make up your mind, and it has always been very clean and well organized. This is a must try for a quick breakfast, I can't wait to go back for lunch and try the chicken salad everyone is raving about.
4	Acacia Cafe does not have the most mind-blowing breakfast I've ever had and a few of the dishes could stand to be a little more flavorful, but in my opinion, there are two things that rocket this cute little spot right up to a four-star rating:1) The prices are really low for the quality you get.2) You can get actual hot breakfast favorites in a coffee-shop setting. We took two friends who were in town there last Sunday (when Acacia features a special expanded hot breakfast menu, with 5-6 additional selections) and we were all pleasantly surprised by the fact that we were able to get five tasty and high-quality breakfast items and three juices for under $50. The Monte Cristo sandwich could have used some improvement  - the bread was pretty dry and didn't have that great moist, eggy French toast flavor - and the orange pecan pancakes just tasted like regular pancakes with some pecans and orange slices on top. That being said, the Southwestern Eggs Benedict was phenomenal and the strawberry waffles were rich and delicious, just the way I like them! The orange juice (which came in small and large) was also really fresh. The woman who took our order was also super friendly and added to the neighborhood feel of the place. Once we placed the order, we sat down at the little cafe tables and waited for our food. The food didn't come out super quickly but this is understandable given that everything was made fresh to order. I definitely like breakfast places with waiter service, but it was definitely nice to have a more cafe-like feel for a change, and I'm sure that the more casual service concept trickles down to us, the consumers, in the form of lower prices. I will definitely be back to Acacia for breakfast at some point soon!
4	Four stars because I've only been here once, when I return a few more times I'm sure they get the final star.This place reminds me of a European cafe. No frills, simple decor, and pleasant staff willing to help you make a decision.I had a breakfast burrito, forgot what it was called, it looked a little small on the plate but by the time I finished I was full and satisfied. Yummy.I wish this place had a bit more of a patio/landscaping, just my 2 cents.
4	Brunch here today was worth driving over 18 miles one-way.  Restaurant 's space was bright (large windows facing the parking lot and street), uncluttered, and attractive (shelf/bookcase with picture frames and a few knick-knacks gave the space a cozy atmosphere- don't know about the restroom as I didn't get a chance to visit it).  I asked if we were to seat ourselves, and I was told that we were to order at the counter and that we could then seat anywhere we wanted to.  I try to get a few suggestions wherever I go not only to check for allergens, but also for good customer service; it never sits well with me if staff members aren't able to suggest anything off of the menu.  After hearing a few enthusiastic lunch suggestions from the cashier, I placed in our order: a Belgian waffle with fresh fruit toppings (peaches and berries) for Mom, and a combo of half a Reubenesque panini and a small mixed salad.  It took about fifteen minutes before the food arrived, which gave us time to chit-chat and this was when I noticed the restaurant's surroundings.  I thought it cool to be able to watch the two cooks prepare the orders behind the counter.My Mom LOVED the waffle with the fresh fruit toppings!  Her plate arrived with two 4x4-inch waffles, one with peaches and the other with sliced strawberries, a slice of pineapple and an orange wedge, all sprinkled with powdered sugar.  Mom sensed something was missing, and after asking for whipped cream, she and the waffles were fast friends.  My small salad looked beautiful- mixed greens with glazed pecans, a few pear slices, and blue cheese crumbles, a slice of grilled foccacia bread and a side of citrus vinaigrette.  My half-sandwich of shaved corned beef, swiss cheese, fresh sauerkraut on Acacia Cafe marble-rye bread looked tiny (Mom and I noticed the wee-portion right away), but it was full of flavor.  The combo was a definite hit with me, even though I did end up with a few allergy symptoms.  Kudos to AC for winning over my Mom... we will visit again to try other menu selections soon!
4	I now work just a few minutes away from Acacia and got lunch from there today. Based on the reviews, I decided to try the veggie panini ($6.50). It was solidly delicious but not stellar. In particular, the foccacia was a bit dry. I think that the not-so-Vigan sandwich at the nearby Vig (that may not be the exact name of the sandwich, but it's close) is a lot better (albeit $2 or $3 dollars more expensive). I still think this spot is a quality and affordable lunch spot, and the service is always outstanding, but I'm not adding on the extra star based on the veggie sandwich I tried.
3	Acacia Cafe is great because the food is simple, tasty and fresh. Breakfast is great here, and I haven't had anything bad yet. I usually get the eggs benedict, which comes out perfectly sauced and with avocado. They don't drench the eggs with hollandaise like some places do, and I appreciate that. Most entrees come with home fries, which are good but could use a little more zip. They have a small selection of pastries, and while i've never tried them, the cinnamon rolls look heavenly. I have had the scones- lemon cherry- and they are very good and not overly dry like most scones. This is a great spot to go for a mid morning meal on a lazy weekend when the weather is nice. The tiny side patio has a few tables, and while it's nothing fancy, it's a nice option to have.
4	My wife, 13 mo old daugther and I were looking for a new breakfast/lunch cafe on Sunday and we stopped in at Acacia Cafe as I drive by it almost every day on my way to work.  The place is great!  The cafe is quaint and clean, the outdoor patio is isolated and spacious.  The food is amazing, very fresh and worth the wait.  Not to mention it's extremely affordable.  The people were very friendly and helpful.  We decided to have breakfast, I had a 3 egg omelette with bacon, tomatoes, onions and avocado and my wife had their special, Monte Cristo.  They were both amazing!  We'll be back soon!
3	Met new to Phoenix Yelper Lynn W for coffee today.  I suggested Acacia as a good halfway point between us, and was hoping it did not have the crowds of LGO.  It did not, at least not at 10:30 am.Not being a straight coffee drinker, I ordered a mocha.  Unfortunately, the espresso maker has been on the fritz for a week.  Hmmm now what.  Well it was a little windy, I'll call it blustery, this morning, so I did my best to convince myself winter is still with us and ordered a hot chocolate instead.  The staff had generously offered to steam the milk on the stovetop to accommodate me.  I also ordered a scone--a little more crumbly than I care for but still good.  I wish they had a few more pastry offerings, but they have the basics of danish, muffins, and scones.  Acacia has a great menu for breakfast and lunch.  Next time, I'll try a meal, and hopefully get that mocha I was looking forward to.
5	Incredible omelets!! Great place for a great breakfast! Friendly staff and excellent customer service
4	What a nice little place!  We had a perfect breakfast this morning.  We drag in there after the gym, slightly sweaty and still in our gym clothes and it's not a problem there!  Good coffee (but the cups are TOO small).  My daughter's french toast was cinnamon heaven!  I had the special, some southwest eggs benedict thing with green chiles - very good.  The fruit was fresh, it's clean and has quick service!
5	We love this place for the fab food and the great staff. Everything I've had is excellent, and it has become our favorite after church breakfast spot...and our Saturday morning with nothing to do breakfast spot... and lately my favorite got to get some studying done. The side of couscous is amazing fresh, and the Sunday special waffle is my all time fave. And you can't beat the price for great quality food.
4	Their Ham & Swiss is my favie.  The breakfast menu looks yummy, need to come back to try that.
4	Tried Acacia today with a friend from out of town and my wife. The atmosphere is minimalistic and clean. You order at the counter from a relatively small menu and pay there as well. You choose where you want to sit, either indoors or outdoors and they bring the food to you. It wasn't busy when I was there so the food came out quickly. The waitress was a typical waitress, not terribly polite, but not rude. I asked for sour cream with my omlette and she simply stated "we don't have sour cream." This was really the only interaction we had with the wait staff.The food was pretty darn good. My omlette was cooked just right, and had a copious amount of filing. I enjoyed my hash browns which were a pile of crispy shredded potatoes, not the compressed cake kind. My friend and my wife both enjoyed their meals. My friend had a turkey sandwich on marbled rye and at one point he proclaimed "This is a really good sandwich!".All in all I give this place 4 stars. The wait staff was not bad, but did not shine, the atmosphere was nothing special, but was clean and comfortable and the food was great. If the food hadn't been as good as it was, I'd probably only give it 3. The 3 of us ate for under $30, drinks included. While I won't be going out of my way to eat here (its outside my usual stomping grounds), if I'm in the neighborhood this place will be on the top of my list for a quick bite to eat.
3	Not bad for a CAFE.  Reasonably priced menu- good for a quick lunch.  I noticed several people in line ordering to go.  I had the salad with pears, pecans, and gorgonzola cheese. It was tasty- and reasonably sized for a lunch salad.  Their chocolate chip cookie was great also.
3	Stopped in here for a quick breakfast, the operative word being quick. Ordered sat down and waited for our breakfast, which was just omelets, fruit cup, and toast. Ended up waiting for half an hour for food that was far from bad, but nothing too special. Guess I'll have to try the lunch menu if I go back.
4	OK, I have to start out by pointing out that I love Acacia Cafe, but their sign/logo is written in Papyrus....Papyrus, people. I wonder if one of my graphic artist friends would be willing to work something new up for them on trade.But I'm not here to talk about the logo, I'm here to talk about the food. I have lived right around the corner from Acacia Cafe for going on 2 years, and never went inside. What a mistake!They have the most amazing freshly-baked multigrain bread I have had in Phoenix. We must have gotten there at just the right time because the place was filled with the aroma of fresh bread. It was so good that all I said to the lady taking my order was: I want whatever comes with that bread. They hooked me up with a veggie scramble with a side of the toasted amazingness that is their bread. It was heavenThis is exactly the kind of place I love to discover, tucked away next to a dry cleaner in a shopping center. Amazing, fresh food.
5	I happened upon this place, coming back from Downtown Phoenix.  I stopped in just because I liked the name, but the food and atmosphere inside has an excellent attention to detail.  I had a bagel and lox.. .very nice!I'll be back.
4	This was my first experience and I was pleasantly surprised. The food was fresh, inexpensive, and quite good.  The baked goods especially stood out in my mind.  I have only had breakfast but I look forward to see how the lunch menu stacks up.   Give this place a shot and see if it suits your pallet.
5	Terrific familial atmosphere & service, even better food.
5	Been coming in for breakfast and lunch multiple time a month (be sure to pick up their customer appreciation cards, buy 8 get 1 free) for breakfast and lunch. The freshly baked bread is awesome and the menu is solid. Gotta give it a five and go back tomorrow.
4	Tried this place after my Papa raved about it. The food is excellent, as is the staff. My Papa was a loyal customer and loved this place. Even though it's not on my side of town, I will continue to support this place in his honor. Thank you for being so wonderful and taking extra special care of my Grandpa. =)
5	My neighborhood go-to for breakfast/lunch 3 to 4 times a week!  Everything is homemade, fresh and delicious.  Try the South By Southwest, simply amazing.  But so are their sandwiches and salads.  All baked goods made on site.  Delish!  The patio is nice when too when the weather permits.  Cute atmosphere overall.  The staff is very friendly and knows me and my order.
3	I enjoyed eating here. I had a chicken salad sandwich which was good, but I am very picky about CS and I know where the best in America is. It would really take a lot for me to give it "the bomb" rating that another Yelper said. it was good though,  The bread was delish, the cookie even better. A trail mix cookie- Hello! Yummers. My friend got the Southwest salad and she said it was one of the best salads she ever had. They do not overload it with things. I admit I have the same issues with American restaurants too. Way to much food. Here they seem to have the portions just right,  The staff were outstanding too. I would really like to go back and try some of the dishes I saw other people eating there. I loved the lady who served us. She is a delight! Oh BTW the Couscous here is to die for!
4	Extremely inexpensive.  The breakfast menu doesn't exceed 7 bucks.  It's clean, friendly, and a nice neighborhood cafe that's in a stripmall that overlooks Indian School.  So if you sit outside, does it feel like you've been magically transported to Paris?  No.  But for these prices, its worth sipping your coffee, munching on your croissant and tolerating the fumes of the cars driving by.
5	This place has great food and even better prices! I have had everything from breakfast to sandwiches to salads and soups - all the items I have had are very tasty. And you definitely cannot beat the prices. Although the order line can get long at times, the service is very good and the manager is always rushing to get customers their food. This is one of my go to places for lunch!
4	I've driven by this place for the last 3 or 4 years every day on my way to work. Finally today, I stopped procrastinating and made the decision to finally try it out.First of all...breakfast served all day? I love you already. As tempting as the omlettes sounded, it was a bit warm outside, so I went the refreshing route with the Cashew Chicken salad. Yummmmm. This is one of my favorite salads to get at anywhere I go, but places like Paradise Bakery and CPK tend to fill it with too much cabbage...this was the perfect amount of greens, chicken and toppings, and the sauce - delicious!Service - great. You could tell the woman owner had a sarcastic-no BS sense of humor, which I find refreshing in the service industry.Price...$7.11 for the full size salad. Cheaper than dine-in restaurants. More expensive than bagged salads from the grocery store. What can you do?Atmosphere - nothing to really write home about. Not a place I'm going to meet with a client for a business lunch, but to grab food to-go for myself, absolutely. Nothing wrong with it...very clean & tidy. Just a bit too cafeteria style for my taste. All in all...will definitely be back. Especially for the breakfast!
4	Didn't realize it was an order at the counter kind of place, but it was fine. Nice and clean, bright and an outdoor patio.  The food was all fresh and tasty.  My omelet had fresh spinach and mushrooms, and my husband had the Belgium waffle .... good texture and taste.  The hashbrowns were nothing to write home about, but the croissant more than made up for it!!  Hot, flaky and right out of the oven!! Tres bon!!   The counter thing didn't bother me because you are still served on proper plates with real silverware.  Definitely worth a trip back.
4	Great place to bop in and grab some good food quick, and at a really reasonable price.I had the Salad Nicoise and loved that it had big chunks of tuna, and that the green beans were just right, cooked, but still crisp and sweet. Dressing came on the side automatically, which is always my preference.My mom thought the decor was a little stark, but good, healthy food always trumps atmosphere for me.Oh, and the aroma when we walked in the door.... definitely the smell of good food.We got there about 11:45 and for the next 45 minutes, there was a line waiting to order.
5	This cafe is what a cafe is about ! Small town, great food, professional, great staff, and genuine ! There style would succeed in a big  city vs small town due to it's great fresh food!!!! About time.
5	This is a great little neighborhood cafe.  The food is always great and so is the service.I love that that they bake their own bread and all the soups and cookies are made there too.  You watch them cut the fresh bread with an electric knife to make sandwiches as they are ordered.  They really seem to put a lot of care into the quality of the food.  Yay! independent cafes operated by owners that care!The chicken salad sandwich (with grapes in the chicken salad) and the egg salad sandwich on fresh sourdough are probably my favorites - actually I order one of those two sandwiches every time I go there and like them so much they are the only sandwiches I ever order - except for breakfast - they have an awesome make your own breakfast sandwich (english muffin, crispy bacon, egg, provolone cheese).  On Wednesdays they have an amazing potato soup - yum.
5	Been to this cafe several times for breakfast and lunch.  Food is very good.  Eggs benedict on Sunday mornings are my favorite.Last visit had a mix up on my order.  Not 100% the cafe's fault, but the staff handled it very professionally.  Comped the entire order and provided a coupon for a free breakfast.Very impressed.
5	Wonderful food , breakfast all day, everything from scratch.  Could not be better.  If you haven't tried Acacia, do yourself a favor and try them.  Be aware that they close at 3 pm each day.  It can be busy right at the lunch hour so I would suggest going a little before or a little after the rush.
5	I have been a semi-regular at the Acacia Cafe for over a year now. I first found this local place from a New Times ad. I like to eat breakfast later in the morning/early afternoon, and the Acacia Cafe is one of the few non-chain places in the Arcadia/Biltmore area that serves breakfast after 11 AM.The food is very good and fresh. Everything is made there including the bread, which is one of the highlights. The Eggs My Way is a great deal and very filling. I have recently grown to like the waffles as well.The wait staff is very friendly, and they get to know your name.The restaurant can fill up quickly, so sometimes it can be a challenge to find a seat. If you go late morning or after noon, it shouldn't be a problem.
4	a great little spot!  It was a drive becuase I normally go to N. Scottsdale places but yelp did not lead me astray.  It's a cross between a coffee shop and a deli.  I had the chicken salad and pasta salad and they were both really good!
2	What a disappointment. Came here because we had a Groupon and both dishes were horribly disappointing. My french toast tasted like it had been soaked in pure eggs for days. Soggy, not flavorful at all (despite the advertised cinnamon bread they said they used). My boyfriend's eggs benedict was passable, but the hash browns tasted like they had been frozen. The service also was not very good. It took an awfully long time and as soon as a line of 4 people deep formed, existing customer's needs were ignored.We are not returning to use the other Groupon's he bought for this place.
5	Nice surprise... we had breakfast here for mothers day. What a mellow atmosphere & the food was really great! I had the veggie eggs on  ciabatta. I love crunch so the texture of that bread in contrast with those yummy eggs were divine. And my eggs had eggplant! YUM!! My sis had the frenchtoast & my aunt had the Eggs Benedict. Nice size servings & the price can't be beat! We will all be here again.
3	On my first visit, I would have given this place a definite 4 stars. Oatmeal was the choice plus tea and my bill was a whole $3. Score! This could be the place to be when I don't want to wait in line at LGO or when I'm willing to trade off paying $15 for a superb meal when I can pay $5 for a good meal. Adorable interior, cute atmosphere, busy as bees, and uber neighborhoody vibes. Perfect place and to sit and conspire on an early Saturday morning.Visit numero dos was less impressive. Looking back, I can't recall the service from my first experience, but I sure remember it from the latter. I bought a Daily Deal coupon thingy - the woman at the register was about to put her foot down over the fact that I didn't print it despite me having the electronic version on my phone when her boss came to the rescue and confirmed it was a-ok. Don't get huffy with me princess just because you were overruled. After that, she didn't go out of her way to be accommodating. At. All.The veggie sammich was aight. My dining companion opted for the eggs, hash and toast - all of which seemed mediocre, though the toast a little sad (i.e. cold). Good portions for good prices. Still a nice place to be for brunch. Maybe the trick is to just have some 'tude yourself at the counter and then burrow into a back table to stay out of the way.
4	Coming here is a treat, I definitely look forward to having lunch here when ever I get a chance... The staff is great and the food is yummy my fav is the Teriyaki Chicken Wrap :) with some fruit on the side! Definitely a nice place to have lunch with your friends. Try to avoid the rush so go before or after, because its a small place not much seating and when its packed its packed and kinda noisy you can barely hear yourself think much less have a conversation with someone but I guess that just shows Its popular at lunch time ;-)
4	Came in for breakfast before a round of golf and I was impressed with the layout of Acacia Cafe and the variety of choices on the menu. They also serve breakfast all day here!Acacia Cafe seemed to make their food on the healthier side and they even bake their breads on site. I ordered theSouth by Southwest burrito made with carne Adobada, fluffy eggs, grilled bell peppers, cheese, onions, pico de gallo and wrapped in a flour tortilla. Tasted very good and not greasy at all but flavorful.  I tasted the marble rye bread also so yummy too!The woman who took my order at the counter and served the food was so sweet, she could tell this was my first visit and was so friendly and kind! The prices are very resonalble for the quality of food you receive.I would definitely come back here again next time I'm visiting Phoenix!
5	Tried this place for the first time last week and was very impressed with food quality for the price and service.  I fell in love with the patio!  Went back this morning and sat inside for a different perspective.  Great atmosphere; comfy, cozy, welcoming. The staff was equally consistent with wonderful customer service and the food was on the money again!  Would definitely make this my regular stop on my mornings of mommy respite.
4	I'm a fan!  Acacia Cafe has won my Sunday morning breakfast-eating heart.  I love the the fresh fluffy omelets...light and tasty with fresh crisp veggies and light, nutty, buttered-to-perfection toast that is lined with sunflower and pumpkin seeds...mmmm mmmm.   I'm not sure if the packaged jelly's on the table are their own but they sure taste like it, not too sweet like most commercial types. I've also had their sandwiches & salads and you cannot go wrong with those either.  This place is a must visit if you want a yummy, fresh meal at a decent price.  The service can be a bit flaky, but I'm willing to overlook as long as the food keeps coming out hot, fresh and yummy.  Beware, if you sit inside you may smell like breakfast all day...might  be okay if you like that sort of thing.  :)
3	Food was way over priced and not good. I got the breakfast sandwich with sausage.  Plus the cooks were joking around with each other about how drunk they were last night. Not appropriate to talk like that in front of customers.    This is not a family friendly place.However, the cashier was very friendly. Wish i could remember her name.04/13/12 Update: Owner contacted me to apologize for his employees behavior. Changed my ratings to 3 stars.
3	so so place, probably will not return back for being in a not so good service
5	Love this little place!  My boyfriend and I have been here quite a few times since trying it out a little over a month ago.  It's quaint and has great food.  I love the turkey sausage!  I love supporting great local businesses!!!
4	I visited this cafe 5/18/12 while i was waiting for my clothes to finish washing at the laundry mat nearby. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with bacon sourdough bun. :) very good. I met the manager Mike (I think he is the owner but i'm not sure). Very friendly and professional. While i was eating my sandwich, two cops came in. I guess cops like the coffee here and the breakfast sandwich.Will visit this cafe again in the near future.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my first meal at Acacia.  Food was good and service was fine and more than reasonably prompt, especially considering they were rather full.  I went with an expired Living Social coupon that was supposed to still be good for the initial purchase price.  The lady at the counter not unreasonably balked a little at the long expired coupon but did so courteously,  and after consulting the (other?) owner/manager (of her own volition and without prompting) - they honored the coup.  Food was delivered reasonably promptly, again especially considering how busy they were.  I had a great salad, fresh verdantly green spinach, with strawberries, guacamole, and a peppercorn dressing.  My friend had an omelette with fresh home-made hash browns and found his satisfying and filling as well.  Dining on the outdoor patio was great, due to unseasonably comfortably cool weather, and a slightly  unexpected pleasure considering the proximity to Indian School Road.  A good experience - Not on my usual travel path but will make effort to go back.
4	My first impression of this place was very warm... Everybody is super friendly... i enjoy their breakfast sandwiches and their orange juice other than that i have not tried anything else... i have come in and noticed that when they are busy at lunch it tends to get a bit confusing among the wait staff as to what dish goes where...
4	I went here for brunch today with my mom. This place is super cute, it has a really nice looking patio and the inside is small, but clean and comfortable. I got the veggie scramble sandwich with orange juice and she got a blt. It was so inexpensive! My mom had a coupon for bogo entrees with the purchase of two drinks which brought our total to 8$. Seriously?!?! Without the coup it would be like 12$....pretty amazing. The food was good. It was not the most amazing food ever, but it was fresh and cooked by a person in a pan (not in a microwave) and beats the pants off of an Einstein bagel sandwich or anywhere else with comparable prices. The veggie scramble had a variety of tasty vegetables like eggplant and mushrooms in addition to cheese and tomato. My mom enjoyed her sandwich (and the couscous that came with it). I saw some other people get salads...they were huge! I would definitely come here again for breakfast and would like to try lunch here.
4	Great place! Order at the counter, refill your own coffee, enjoy the friendly staff, meet with your friends or associates, and then head off to work. They're one of the earliest open breakfast joints around town and the price is always right. Menu is a little thin and the flavors won't blow your mind, but it's a pretty dang satisfying experience that you can have every week (or more) without breaking the budget!
2	Just didn't live up to the hype. Food was meh, service was meh as well.
5	In my hood. Always consistent good food. Service has gotten better. The Miami Ham ( Cubano) hello! All day long! My daughter loves their Chick Noodle Soup every time. The place is simple and clean.  Here at least once a week. The egg salad sandwich is just like my Mom use to make. They have an amazing marble rye. The Sunday morning specials are awesome!! It's always busy these days, but I'll wait. It's nice when people know your name. :)
4	Happy we stopped in here yesterday for lunch. Really good southwestern chicken salad & everything was fresh. Service was nice too.
4	Came in on a Sunday. There was a short line to order, but lots of space to sit. They have a patio in the back too if the weather is tolerable. Their menu is small-ish, but everything sounded good. I decided on the chicken salad sandwich and my companion decided on the cinnamon swirl french toast. YUM!! I have no complaints about this place. The service was fast and friendly, the prices were reasonable, if not on the cheaper side. The place is clean and pleasing to the eye. Parking is not a problem, either. I will definitely be back!
2	The menu is uninspiringly simple, and the food, well, tastes the same. I must give credit, it definitely tastes fresh - but unfortunately it's not enough to account for the limited, simple menu.
4	Great little place! Love the atmosphere, good inside and outside eating areas. Good food for inexpensive pricing. I've become a weekend regular!
4	Excellent food, awesome prices. So happy to find it! The Southwest Burrito was delicious, and only 4.50! They had a nice mix of breakfast (served all day), and lunch items like salads and sandwiches.
3	Acacia is a solid neighborhood go-to for casual, affordable, breakfast and lunch.  You order at the counter and the staff brings your dish to the table.  You can order food and coffees to go as well.  The interior is basic but pleasant and the background noise level passes the "Dad test" (my Dad's 83 and a tad bit hard o' hearing, so I'm extra sensitive to noise levels at restaurants).  One of my favorite features is Acacia's patio, a mini oasis that successfully overcomes the surrounding strip mall asphalt.  Located on the building's west side, and decorated with colorful plants and umbrellas, the patio is shady enough to tolerate early mornings on hot days.My favorite breakfast selections include the Belgian waffle topped with fruit, the omelets, and the standard eggs, toast, and fruit combo.  For reliable service and food quality at great prices, Acacia's a great choice.
4	Great food at very reasonable prices. The staff is friendly and service is pretty fast.
5	I went here for lunch with a few of my coworkers today. I was not expecting such a yummy lunch! There is a cute little patio outside. They have a good selection of sandwiches, paninis, salads and soups - which are all my favorite types of food! The paninis and sandwiches come with your choice of side (chips, fruit, pasta, etc.), and a pickle slice. I ordered the Miami Ham panini and it was really good!Even better- my lunch was free! They use the "Belly" system at this establishment, which is a rewards system that gives you the occasional freebie. There was a technological error with my free coupon, so I had to pay full price. But they ended up refunding me my money, in cash, on the spot, which I really appreciated. The owner is honest, fair, and handled my problem graciously- I will be back!
5	Delicious sandwiches & salads. It's all fair priced fare at Acacia Cafe! Looking forward to trying a few more items on their menu. The Grilled Sonoran is a must try!
5	Friendly staff and great food. They also use Belly.
4	Ok service. Great food healthy selections. Menu isn't big but has what it needs
4	This was my first time in this little cafe. I was looking for something simply and affordable for lunch and Acacia hit the spot. I ordered the Spinach Salad ($6.50). It took a while to arrive at the table but it was worth the wait. The salad is huge, covering a large plate with fresh baby spinach, lots of crumbled bacon, and perfectly cooked hard boiled egg. The tomatoes around the edge were pink and flavorless, so I just pushed them aside. The warm bacon dressing served with this salad is super! when I ordered they warned me that it was spicy, and it was, but in a really good way. It was served on the side nice and warm and really made this salad pop. I look forward to coming back, It is the prefect simple lunch spot.Oh and the snicker-doodle cookie was wonderful!
5	The staff is friendly ( they know your name and what you like)Food is FRESH prepared well and delivered hot. Only issue is lunch time rush. The place is good and "cooked to order" takes time.
5	I love coming here for breakfast. The guys always remember what I want, it's inexpensive, and it's consistently good. It makes getting up at 5:00 am (almost) worth it!
4	Great quick service and fresh salads!
3	I've both eaten in the store and ordered catering from it. Dependable, fresh food. The salads are really good. I could eat the Cashew Chicken Salad every day. Service is more hit or miss, depending on who's working and the time of day.
5	Such a friendly staff and great food.  Pretty much anything you order, you are guaranteed to be full and happy!  Tip: pass on the waffles, and go for the cinnamon roll!
4	I love their roast beef sandwich. The couscous side is perfect as well. With a soda, it was less than $9! Can't beat that.
5	Love their Chai! The best in Phoenix for sure! Service was a little slow. The cashier might be recently hired. However, super cute place!
3	I am going to update my review according to some more recent experiences. The staff has been a bit more brusque with me lately, especially over the phone when pre-ordering lunch. Also, since I became vegetarian I have been ordering my favorite sandwich but without meat- this has seemed to cause issues and my last sandwich was sloppy and thrown-together looking, even though it is essentially just a grilled cheese sandwich. Why is that so difficult?Acacia Cafe, you have disappointed me.
5	This place is great. The food is made fresh, very friendly staff, and great pricing! It's always busy here so prepare to wait in line. It's worth the wait. Enjoy and help support a local business!!!
4	Great little place in Arcadia with a cute patio and good Breakfast and Lunch choices. To be honest I have not had any breakfast choices yet but I have eaten here four or five times for lunch. The food is always good, the treaties are yummy, and the workers are nice even when they are grumpy. lol---- The only negative is that it is always packed so there is a wait. Go here to relax and slow down not if you are in a rush.
1	I feel compelled to update and add a third review.Although this place has good food and I have gone four or five times now I am very upset over how rude we were treated today on 9/12/13. The woman who works the counter is always a bit off and snappy but today she was actually very ugly to my friend and I did not appreciate it. Sadly it was my friends first time visiting. What a horrid first impression. My friend is so sweet she felt the need to apologize profusely only for asking questions about the menu and food allergies. I told my friend that she had no right to apologize since it was the woman's fault not hers. The woman who works behind the counter does this type of thing all the time but today she was extra special nasty. I hate to tell her but you never know who your customers are so you should respect all. ( if she only knew-lol) The weird thing is that all the other workers in this restaurant are extra delightful and excellent. I guess they make up for Ms Grumpy and Overwhelmed. I understand having a bad day and am usually very forgiving of that having worked in many restaurants myself. However, you should never sigh, bang the counter, yell and scream, continue to shout, "15 minutes to closing time" and complain about how dirty your customers are within earshot of them. Also, rolling your eyes at a costumer for only asking about your Delish food is usually frowned upon in good costumer service manuals. This worker is the odd ball for sure. ( Lordy is she the owner? That would be funny. Funny sad, not funny, haha) I don't believe I will come back unless this is corrected. This is not NYC's Seinfield's Soup Kitchen.
5	This place is awesome. My new alternative to LGO for a great breakfast at a reasonable price.
5	Great place for breakfast! Food is always fresh and comes out looking beautiful on the plate. All their baked goods are made in house and the staff is lovely.
4	I love local breakfast places and this place is just that. If you want something local and good. You'll love it. Food is yummy and delicious.  A few gems on menu that are more exciting than eggs and bacon and there are coffee treats that will satisfy that Starbucks craving.
4	Good spot 1rst time here service was friendly and swift breakfast was affordable turkey link sausage 2 eggs poached hash browns not my fave but I would certainly return for some of the other options
5	The Southwest Ranch salad is literally one of the best salads that I've ever had!  The service is always great as well.
4	Been here several times for breakfast and lunch.  Great home made food.  Soup is extra good.  Try the chicken salad sand. and potato salad.
3	3.5 stars is my official rating.   I really, really, really want to like this place more, but I just can't get over how this place has some of the longest wait times when it's just so unnecessary.  The good: the food is always tasty and there are a great variety of options, including healthy options.  Brunch is a great meal option here.  Food is always flavorful.The needs work: The counter service does not work here.  It just doesn't.   They need to staff up appropriately and change it to a sit down or have a coffee/pastry walk up and then a restaurant sit down. Or if it's going to be a walk-up counter, there needs to be a much better system in place. The staff get easily overwhelmed and the line is usually out the door.  There's no customer service here and the restaurant is just losing so many opportunities to retain local customers and keep people coming back.  I've had incorrect orders here and have been made to feel as though it was my fault the kitchen sent out the wrong food.  The general feeling here is chaos, overwhelmed staff, long lines, and that's the last thing I want when I'm going out for a casual meal with friends.I'm not a restauranteur, but it seems like there are some fairly straightforward changes that could be made that would make this a fantastic option in the Arcadia area.  I live just blocks from here and would like this to be a go-to, but until customer service, wait times, and the general chaos is settled I'm going to keep driving by.
4	This is our second time here. It's everything I want in a tasty friendly lunch spot.
5	I have never been disappointed. Great food and service. I especially love the chicken noodle soup, part of the cafe combo. Small, lovely and great prices. Would recommend!
5	Biked here this morning looking for a casual tasty breakfast spot that wouldn't break the bank. This place is next to my dry cleaners so I was a little curious. I was intrigued by the little side patio area which is comfy and quaint. Glad we came here. After tasting our food we immediately decided this was going to be a repeat spot for us. Nicely done Acacia, nicely done.
4	Since the last post my diet has changed dramatically. I had to learn how to find the right places to eat and Acacia was one that I now frequent because they are super flexible and when I told them what I couldn't eat they offered up alternatives.  THAT WAS AWESOME!  Sometimes it doesn't seem like the lady at the front register isn't so friendly but once you get to know her you realize she does care. It's quickly becoming one of my fav's.
1	I have eaten here many times and have always received the bare minimum customer service required to be considered a hospitality establishment, but the food has always been good so I continued to go. If you have ever seen the Soup Nazi on the Seinfeld show then you'll know what I'm referring to...if you speak out of turn you will be corrected and even punished with even worse service.... if you order breakfast during lunch time you will be given the dirtiest look from the server and even the  cook (even though they serve breakfast all day). I have experienced the worst form of service in my entire life on my last visit ever...I ordered an omelet at 1:12 pm and I was given the usual dirty look, but this time the server went to the extreme by telling the next customer that she hopes they aren't ordering an omelet too!!! The server wanted me to hear her disgust with my order and the customer was very confused even asking the server "What's wrong with the omelette's ?) Well I got your point and I won't inconvenience you and your cooks anymore in the future. Very disappointed in Michael's management skills in regards to training staff to treat customers with respect at all times. You might have survived in business for many years, but have you actually Thrived? I think the employees, especially the older lady at the cash register needs to go through Anger Management and be retrained in customer- service.
5	I wanted a reasonably priced place for breakfast with my son, and found this on Yelp. Was wondering about some of the service comments, but found the service to be impeccable and friendly, especially from the aforementioned "Soup Nazi." Maybe attitude begets attitude?Was early and told her I would just have coffee until he came, and I was just handed a mug and a water glass (all coffee's self-serve) without any request for a credit card or payment. Nothing but smiles for the whole time we were there., which was about 9:30-11.I had the veggie scramble (which wasn't obvious to me that it came as a sandwich), and it was tasty and perfectly cooked (a nit-pick: would have been nice to get a small cup of fruit like my son's egg/meat/veggies mix did).We sat for about 90 minutes and never even a stare from the staff to relinquish the table, which we did when we saw the early lunch crowd start to come in.I don't live too close, so may not get back often. But will always keep in mind for breakfast/lunch.
5	What a perfect place for breakfast. I had an amazing veggie omelet and hash browns. Food came out quickly and hot and the toast was almost like a whole grain texas toast. All the veggies were fresh and the omelet was loaded. Prices are very inexpensive for the portions.  Kim at the front counter was very sweet. It's a very small place so I understand why on weekends there would be a wait. When you have great food and service everyone wants the experience. I am here on a friday morning and zero wait. This is a must go.
3	First time here. Prices were reasonable and the line was long. The eggs and toast were good, about average but the French toast I did not care for it had too much cinnamon and just didn't taste as well as I had expected. My daughter would not eat it as it was too flavorful for a child's palate. Overall pretty good .
5	Really good breakfast and open early (5am). Went in around 5:30am, the food was cooked to order and beautifully served on a nice square plate. Very personable. Highly recommended for early breakfast.
4	Visiting Phoenix was made amazingly enjoyable by getting to eat at Acaia cafe! They have a wonderful selection but on top of those yummy options the owner chef made a special dish of breakfast for my friend who has a very restricted diet! Thank you thank you everyone at Acacia! Delicious food friendly staff and amazing owner.
4	I ordered the south by Southwest with a side of hashbrowns.  I had a $1 coupon and my bill was $5 something.   A bargain.   The burrito wasn't my taste but I will be back to try a regular breakfast.  The service was 5 star.  The atmosphere is 5 star.  Flowers on each table.  Clean and cute.  In Arcadia you would pay 8 for just an egg and toast.  I walked in thinking this was going to be an overpriced Arcadia cafe.  I was wrong.   A great value.
3	I wanted to like this place. I tried it for breakfast and it was average at best. The omelet was average, the potatoes were average, the toast was good and so was the coffee. It was a friendly enough place.The one thing that was a mystery to me was all the no gun signs. Does this place have a problem with gun play? Do all those signs keep gun wielding criminals out? How many shootouts have taken place over a coffee and a muffin?
4	I am giving this 4-stars even though my cinnamon roll was 3-star because my husband and friend both demolished amazing omelet/egg dishes that they raved about! They had 4-5 selections for iced tea which was appreciated by our Texan friend, and the portions and pricing were excellent.
5	Great food, great staff. Love Kim for putting up with my husband's shenanigans. A real neighborhood restaurant.
5	Great Food!!! I always have their smoked salmon & lox bagel or their Miami Ham Panini.Fresh Food, Friendly staff! We go out of our way to get breakfast or lunch here when we can!Highly recommend!
5	There was a time where this was my daily breakfast place, but I have since changed office locations, which is a HUGE bummer.  The coffee (specifically french roast) is the best I've had in town, literally.  Their breakfast food is so great, usually the breakfast burrito or the two egg plate is my choice, but literally everything is awesome.  The owner, along with the staff is very friendly and gets to know you by name, which is refreshing in today's world.
4	Acacia Cafe's is a model of operational efficiency and excellence for a small cafe owner.  How they sustain such low prices at a very high rent area is astounding, but they do it.  Simple food, smart personalized service, and just enough intelligent extras to make the experience feel high quality in every way... that is, except for the prices.  :)
1	Average food, reasonable prices but horrible  customer service. Tried this place for a 2nd time, trying to like it because of the convenience of being in my neighborhood. My biggest pet peeve at restaurants is when they don't take accountability for punching in the wrong order and argue with you in front of the entire place. Trust me register lady, I know what I ordered! I'm a easy going soul that doesn't like to be the center of attention and honestly who does that? So annoyed! I knew I got a weird vibe from this lady on my 1st visit and she sure proved me right the 2nd time.
4	Quaint little breakfast nook . I ordered an omelette, and my aunt ordered the same. Very large portions for the price, and the eggs were perfectly fluffy. Staff is friendly, and food comes out quickly.
4	Had a bite there last week. Had the assorted bruschetta, and all were very flavorful. Sat at the bar and girl was nice, had six canned beers on special. They have a Living Social out now so I recommend you use it. Will offset the kind of pricey menu.
5	These folks at Acacia work hard to produce a great breakfast with results that anyone would be happy with. Anytime I am in town for work I try to stop by.Consistently great food, amazing service, good coffee, plenty of parking, hard to find fault with this place. If you are nearby you should make a point to stop in.
5	I eat breakfast here almost everyday. The food is great.  The staff is friendly and always go the extra mile.  I highly recommend Acacia Cafe!
5	Great breakfast!! What a clean, inviting place :) The omelette I had was amazing!! Definitely a "must".for breakfast!
1	I went in once for a cup of coffee, I thought it was over priced then. I went in again recently, only because we were with a friend that wanted to go there. I ordered a Chicken Cesar Salad and drink. It was good, but not $6.50 good. I felt bad for our friend, he likes it there, but as we agreed the lady at the register taking orders is, let's just say, less than nice and pleasant, which you need to be. He ordered a sandwich and side salad, she says, which one, very rudely. We went in a 1:30 and they close at 2pm on weekends... ODD... We do not frequent there, because their food is bland and overpriced, quite frankly I won't go somewhere, where people are rude. If you want to have that kind of attitude STAY HOME... It's not like there was a long line of people, in fact there was no one behind us. She had this hurry hurry attitude, I'm trying to close... I will never go back...On the other hand, Mike was very nice. He saw that a few of us were trying to get refills before we left and the lady had already emptied the ice from he machine. He came over kindly with a big cup of ice and offered it to us. Thanks Mike!!!P.S. Front counter Lady, If you don't want to take 50% off coupons, don't offer them. She acted as if it was a total inconvenience...
3	It was a good place with decent food and solid service. Nothing spectacular but conveniently located. Prices were cheap and my omelet was what I expected!
5	This is one of the best family morning spots in the area.  The prices are more than reasonable, the food is great (especially the omelettes and breakfast sandwich).  My sons love this spot too and when the weather is nice, their patio is perfect for a relaxing family weekend breakfast.  If the food and atmosphere aren't enough, the staff is friendly and the service is exceptional.
5	Very welcoming vibe, and great service . I love this casual joint. Today was my very first visit there. But I'll certainly be back again. Especially for their out of this world roast beef sandwich and spinach salad.
4	If you are looking for a great place to grab breakfast this is the spot. The food is excellent and the price is very reasonable. We definitely enjoyed having brunch or breakfast here and sitting out on the patio
5	This is my boyfriend and I's go-to place for Sunday breakfast. We haven't met anything on the menu we didn't like. The service is great, they make you feel like part of the Acacia Cafe family. On Sundays they have a special menu, which has the Albuquerque Benedict, one of my favorites! Definitely go back multiple times so you can try everything out. It's well worth it.
4	Worth it! Welcoming neighborhood cafe. We had the egg white omelets. Delicious and they didn't skimp on the ingredients. We will be back.
5	Used Acacia Cafe to cater lunch for a work meeting. The food and service was phenomenal! Definitely using them in the future for meetings, and stopping by on my own time!
5	Wonderful Cafe. The owner is super nice and  goes out of his way to make you happy. Everyone that works there always has good attitudes. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
4	Great little neighborhood cafe. Recommend it for breakfast. Menu is fairly traditional and prices very reasonable.
4	My girls and i love coming here when i get lazy and don't want to cook breakie. i also like to meet clients here because i know the food and atmosphere is really good.
5	If you love salads you will love this place! Not to mention Fresh ingredients, huge salads and great location. Food of choice: Southwest Ranch grilled chicken salad (avocado ranch dressing, tortilla chip strips, onions, corn, black beans, tomatoes)
3	Let me first start off with the things I like about this place. The food here is good, I wouldn't say it's the best breakfast in town, but it does the trick. I would best compare this to what you make at home, nothing fancy. What brings this place down some is the fact that it is just as good as what you could do at home. The ingredients fall short for me. The bacon and sausage are just okay, nothing special. The service also is just okay, not the friendliest front of house. With all of that mumbo jumbo said, I would say this place is a good place to get a simple fresh meal for a good price. Side note: You may smell like breakfast after so bring a change of clothes!
3	The coffee was great. Breakfast was inexpensive and OK... that's it. Service was not the best, it was not even that crowded and employees acted like they were too busy to be nice. I didn't like that. At all. I may come back for more coffee and to try something else. Who knows.
