5	A great getaway resort offering ultimate luxury, unparalleled service, endless recreation and exquisite cuisine. Surrounded by the grandeur of the McDowell Mountains, JW Marriott Desert Ridge offers a pampering spa, world-class dining and championship golf.And they have a Kids Club where the kids can play while me and the Mrs. relax!
4	Attended an event here recently.  I was immediately taken with how much this property is like their Star Pass resort in Tucson.  (See yelp review http://www.yelp.com/biz/EYoA7Zwg92rDj6pMAQQLTA) The biggest difference to me was that it was still quite easy to park your car and walk to the entrance.  I had limited contact with the staff, but my family had some difficulties as some rooms that had been reserved more than a year in advance had been given to other groups.  Luckily this was caught before the day of the event and they were able to work out an alternate plan, but it definitely made me question their reservations capabilities.  The interior of the hotel is quite nice, though not quite as formal as the Tucson hotel.  The pools were quite nice as well.  All that green grass when walking up to the hotel made me want to a) run through it without my shoes on and b) start a petition to have them move to desert landscaping because that is a lot of land to cover with water every day!   I went with taking off my shoes.  Bad me I suppose, but it sure felt luscious.
4	We stayed here with Marriott Rewards with only about 12 hours notice the Friday night between Christmas and New Year's.  I was surprised that there was availability.  I've been here before for drinks, but not as a guest.  The layout of the hotel is a little tough.  We got lost got to/from our room a few times...the elevators aren't marked well enough.  The room is a good size, considering I'm used to staying in DC and NYC.  The bathroom was big and super shiny and clean.  Lots of towels and a good hair dryer.  The linens were great on the beds and the pillows were nice too.  I think that all of the rooms have a balcony, which is a bonus.  We had a nice room overlooking the pools, which would be great in warmer weather.I'd definitely use points to stay here again.
5	One of my favorite places to stay, period.  The surroundings are manicured, the service is excellent, and the kids have an absolute ball in the lazy river and pools.  The golf courses are challenging, and there is plenty of shopping just across the way.  For those of us that live where there are no In-N-Out Burgers, one is conveniently placed just down the road.  Plenty of movie theaters and Generica nearby, as well.  Fun for the whole famn damily!
5	I have actually stayed here and their spa is wonderful, but I prefer to sneak into their pool on a hot summer day with a good friend.  It's easy enough to get into and nothing beats the lazy river.  Actually, there are 5 pools:  -the lazy river (my favorite) -the Wildfire Pool (shallow pool at the center of it all w/ some sort of water feature)-the Sidewinder Pool (a channel shaped pool like the lazy river, but without the jets to propel you forward)-the Isla Del Sol and Lazy River Spa (more intimate location, pretty sure you have to be a guest at the spa to use these). My idea of a good day is grabbing a drink, getting into a complimentary inner tube, and floating down the river for hours only stopping to take a ride down the water slide.  It's a great place for a relaxing day poolside with a good friend.  If you get hungry, you can sit at your lounge chair and have lunch.The lazy river is kid friendly, but I've never felt that it was overrun with them.  It's a good mix of people and you don't have to spend hours working on those hard abs or tanning in order to fit in.  I am ghostly white and feel just fine prancin' around in my bikini.  It's not the place to see and be seen, just fun and relaxed.
4	Amazing hotel with customer service that cannot be topped.  I have never stayed anywhere else that had customer service that was timely, helpful, positive, and friendly.The rooms were spacious (I had a King), with large luxurious bathrooms, wonderful amenities (the lazy river was a favorite spot of mine), pools and a jacuzzi that stayed open late, terrific restaurants, and a separate spa which my friends said was well worth the $35 fee.My only complaints are that the conference rooms were too cold (typical of a hotel conference, though), that the wireless internet was an extra $13 fee on top of the $275 room rate at a AAA discount, and the drinks were too pricey.  Oh and the service on the patio bar was too slow.  With that many people wanting to sit outside and enjoy the weather, they really should have more waitresses and waiters for the bar areas.
5	I love when business trips make me stay in luxury resort hotels. We came here for the annual AOPO conference:http://www.aopo.org/aopo/I stayed for two nights and I have to say I loved every minute (when I wasn't working). The resort is beautiful! This is as nice as you can make something in the desert. The place is just HUGE! They have a river that runs around the compound where you can float in tubes and little server people will hand you drinks as you float by! Plus there were literally hundreds of rabbits just hopping everywhere outside the windows! But sadly, not one of them appeared on any menu inside the place.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jJoPLIhCjkGXy59I4Jl6zw?select=SKIhFr9AaIMSYXNWItFilQThe convention hall was also very nice and mammoth in its scope. During our convention, there was also one for metal detector manufactures and another for some sort of driving thing. Huge ballrooms and reception halls as well, easily as big as a few football fields.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jJoPLIhCjkGXy59I4Jl6zw?select=hyERbKoSQp7RKP9l8Psy8gI ate inside at one of the indoor restaurants and thought it was above par for hotel food (that's the next review). The room was nice, not a suite unfortunately. Big LCD with HD programming and a killer bathroom, perfect for an orgy.*NOTE*This review is slightly biased since it was all expenses paid. If I had to bear the burden of the bill, I may have not enjoyed it as much =]
5	Was just chatting with Eli and he said I should write a review on this place...Well, he pretty much said it all...I will add a few things:  You need to use the spa while you are there!  Make an appt. for a massage...and if there is time, get a facial (if available)...this is such a huge treat!!!  Male or female, just do it!!!Also, if you golf, and I do upon a rare occasion, PLAY on their course...it is not to difficult and not too easy either...when you make your reservations for the hotel, have them make golf reservations at the same time (especially if you are there during their "season").HIGHLY...HIGHLY recommend this hotel!!!
4	This is one heckuva grand Resort, that's for sure.  When you walk into the "lobby" (if you can call it that, grand entrance is more like it), it kind of made me feel a bit small, like i was lost in some sort of Neverland or something...(I'm pretty sure I wasn't on any type of MAD)...anyway, don't expect warm and cozy.  But since I am one for grandness at times, I soaked it up and amazingly found my way to the check-in desk where I was greeted by very austere check-in person.  Friendly she was not, but professional and competent she was!  (And believe me, with some of the IQs running around out there, I will take competent over ANYTHING else, knowhutimean?).  Rooms were nice, clean, the usual of what one would expect from a top tier Resort.  Really, do we notice how nice it is, or is it only when something is askew (unmade bed, water leaking onto the carpet, dirty bathtub, etc) that our attention is directed?  I don't mean to say it was not enchanting or an of the other million adjectives I'm sure this establishment would like me to use, but after one has stayed at many 5 star/diamond/platinum/one-of-a-kind establishments, they all kind of start looking the same....     They have a huge pool and a nice little lazy river off to the side.  I think my girlfriend's and I were too much action for this area (especially after a few cocktails) as the lifeguard kept following us AROUND the lazy river shaking his head.  There was a creepy pool attendant who kept hitting on me which was annoying, but honestly, there were 5 of us ladies, all fairly decent looking, whooping it up, in bathing suits drinking alcohol...you get the picture.  What they are calling as the lobby bar (it is actually down a flight of stairs) was excellent, nice staff, not too stuffy.  And they had live music too.  I don't know if this is a seasonal thing, or what so as far as the music goes, check before going.  After a night of partying celebrating my friend's birthday, let me tell you, the Starbucks just further down the lobby was a godsend, ahhhhhh.  All in all a great over niter with the girls, I would definitely stay here again!
5	The Revive Spa here is AMAZING. My MOH took me here for a massage the day before my wedding and all I can say is "WOW"! The facilities are beautiful, clean, and well kept. The service is outstanding. Our couples massage was fabulous. She had the therapeutic and I the swedish prenatal. I have never been more relaxed in my entire life, and would have stayed on that table forever if I could. I will definitely make this place a regular treat. The pool is very private, with lots of cabanas and palm trees. The bistro is good. They offer lighter, healthier breakfast and lunch options. It's pricey, and while the food isn't completely spectacular, the smoothies are! Again, I have to reiterate that the service here is perfect and totally accommodating. If you're in need of a day of pampering and relaxation, or you just need to escape the damn heat, escape here!!! You surely will not be disappointed.
4	My favorite spa in Phoenix.  The pool is amazing and the spa is very tranquil and relaxing.
5	2 bff + 4.5 hours + spa = 5 stars on yelp.initially, we were pissed that our bfs dropped us off at the spa 3 hours before our appointments to go to the casino  but afterwards, we couldn't thank them enough.  :)the spa at JW Marriott is amazing.  we were staying at the Phoenician but the spa was too expensive so we opted to visit our neighbor's spa and what a great idea!the facility was top notch without the pretentious staff / clientele.  4.5 hours wasn't enough to fully enjoy all the amenities offered.  we rotated between the jacuzzi, dry and wet sauna with water / cool shower / lounge breaks.  after the first 3 hours, we had our manicures and one hour facials.  OH MY GOODNESS!  serious ecstasy!!!  the aestheticians were facial goddesses.  her fingers moved on my face like million ballerinas...graceful yet with fierce confidence and passion!despite the fact that my skin had an allergic reaction, i LOVED my day at the spa; relaxation, tranquility, serenity, peace and bliss.
4	Got "stuck" staying here because of a work conference.  My mouth dropped as I drove up the from the street to the lobby.  It was a beautiful sight, like an oasis in the middle of a desert.  I'm sure that's the theme they were going for.The second thing (very shallow of me) that I noticed (and my coworkers noticed, so I don't feel so bad) is that they employ very attractive people.  Nothing like having a pretty face help you check in after a long day of travel.  My room was a 'standard' with a king size bed, a couch, desk, FLAT SCREEN TV, shower and tub.  I was impressed by the flat screen, I think it was a 42".  Cable came in HD, nice use of the tv capabilities.This place has three 'pools' and an endless river.  The pools are oddly shaped, but nice to walk around and swim whenever you feel like it.  There are also two bars placed CONVENIENTLY around the bars.  Nothing like getting drunk and relaxing in the endless river.  I would have done that if I had more time.  For those that love working out, there is also a small gym next to the endless river.One DING on this hotel is that the internet is $13 a day, noon to noon.  WHAT?!?!  I stayed at a motel in Arkansas that gave me free wireless internet, and here I have to PLUG my laptop in and pay $13 a day?  Oh well, I guess they cater to an older crowd.I didn't eat at any of the restaurants here.  I did get food at the Starbucks inside and bought snacks at the gift shop.  Yes, one day I had to eat Combos for breakfast.  Gross, but that's how I roll.Well, if I ever had to contract a hotel for an event in Phoenix, this would definitely be near the top of my list.
4	Once upon a time on a lovely September day, my best buddy and I booked facials, massages and spent an entire day at the lovely JW Marriott. I was immediately impressed with the sheer size of the spa facilities and the hotel grounds in general. Prior to our appointments, we donned our workout gear and hit the gym on site, which had a nice mix of treadmills and elliptical machines, as well as a couple of contraptions I had never seen before. We worked up a good sweat and headed for the showers, which were well stocked with all the toiletries and assorted bathroom sundries you could ever need. The waiting areas for the treatments were nicely appointed and had some of the most comfortable lounges I have ever lounged in (and I like to lounge around, trust me). My massage was immensely relaxing and my esthetician Del was an absolute doll. The only teensy weensy minus was the somewhat slow service at the spa cafe and the expensive gift shop. Candles for 70 dollars? I came in feeling like a washed up dollar bill and left looking (and feeling) like a million buckaroos. Speaking of money, If only I had a million, I might have been able to afford one of those snappy t-shirts from the aforementioned gift shop.......
5	We've been visiting this resort since the very day it opened.  Even when we lived w/n walking distance we would stay!  Now we are 25 mins away, and still have amazing wknd get-aways. Views, food, rooms, lobby, spa all GR8!  Summer has dive-in movie pkgs.  Luv to people watch in the huge lobby.  Rooms decorately in lively happy colours.  The only downer is the high cost of the kids club, which i hate.  (Princess resort is free!).  Sunday brunch is Fabby.  Drinks around the outdoor fire pits is beautiful.  Treat someone to a gorgeous view & drink 1 day or nite - i will blow them away.  (ie: glass of champange with bowl or strwaberries n cream - wow - how romantic is that??)
4	My mom and aunts stayed at the Canyon Villas (timeshare section of the JW Marriott @ Desert Ridge) for a week during their visit to the valley. They had a 1BR suite and a studio. The studio was super small and cramped. The 1BR suite was really nice and spacious though. Housekeeping was friendly and attentive. They did a good job of cleaning out the units daily, replenishing whatever was needed and the bell staff was helpful whenever we needed to borrow some muscles.We walked across the street to the hotel a few times to eat, swim and get massages. The water station at the entrance is a nice touch.. especially during the hot summer months.
4	If you need a  place to just get away from it all, but not too far , I think this is the place.  From the minute you drive up to the impressive front ,it feels like you are in for pampering. I love the open feel to the lobby  area with beautiful windows , art, and water . The service was almost too nice at the front .It seemed like the bellhops were just overly gushy  to handle our baggage.Since we were just overnighting it it seemed silly to have someone else carry our bag , but oh well we finally let them, we didn't want them to cry .Our room was nice not as fresh and pristine as our room a couple of years ago , it may be time to upgrade a bit. Carpets are looking a bit worn. After arriving we went out to the pool which is were I wanted the real relaxing to begin . They have four pool areas; lazy river( heavily kid friendly), lap pool, open main pool and a more reserved pool area which I thought was adult only but I think it wasn't posted anywhere. Note to those who are anti-kiddos --the summer brings them out in droves, consider yourself warned.  Our server ,Shari had spunk and made the day more fun  with her quick wit, she quickly brought drinks  and offered us a quesadilla that had been goof from someone else's order.Yum and thanks!  Pina coladas were a good blend , tasted the rum and felt it too. Perfect. The bed needs to be mentioned because it was super comfy , Goldilocks that I am, I found it just right!  Lots of cush but subtly firm , nice.Great stay-cation! Quiet rooms no worries and got away from it all.
4	I'm here for the first time at a conference. Conference stays don't always afford guests the opportunity to fully explore the amenities, but this much I can say for sure... there's only so much you can do to make people comfortable when it's closing in on 110 degrees outside! Lovely property, "lazy river", quality restaurants, and friendly staff. Rooms are nothing to write home about (nice, but nothing too out of the ordinary). Close enough to all types of shopping, movies, and bars/restaurants, in case you feel the need to leave the resort. One piece of advice--park close, or pay for valet. Walking to your car mid-day can be a life-altering experience. I swear I saw a mirage as I was walking in from the parking lot yesterday!
5	Its nice and this review is written for event meeting planners. This facility is awesome if you're doing a large conference. There's room for a conference within a conference as well.I love the availability of suites and flexible catering options. There's food around the clock. I don't love the WIFI system.There's Hertz rental cars on site, a Starbucks and a Kinko's... You can operate a business there pretty easily
5	We definitely enjoyed our stay here! If the staff was any friendlier, it would have been obnoxious, but every person we encountered was extremely nice and helpful. The massages at the spa were great. We had dinner at the Blue Sage, which was excellent. Really enjoyed the pools/lazy river, and the Starbucks right inside the hotel. It's great to get away for a weekend.
4	Beautiful resort hotel for family or couples. Golf course, close to great shopping, freeways are nearby but you wouldn't know it. Perfect location for those wanting a north side experience close to Scottsdale. Also, since I'm a local Realtor it's a great place for out of town clients to stay. They have good food in the bar to snack on, a gated entry pool for guests privacy and walking paths surrounding the resort. The setting is very lush and green. Desert ridge mall can be walked to so you have a great location to theater, other great restaurants, shopping and much more.
4	This was my first resort experience, so I'm a bit of a novice here; but I have stayed at quite a few hotels, so....It's a good 30 to 40 minutes to get to the hotel and it's not exactly near the downtown area, so keep that in mind if you're deciding between a cab or rental car. Checking in was a breeze. Concierge gave us excellent directions to downtown Scottsdale because that's where we wanted to have dinner. If you're in the area, Dos Gringos is a lively and excellent place with djs and attractive patrons.We had paid for a travel package that included the Cloud Club, but this was not alerted to the check-in desk and we were not given access until the 2nd night of our stay. This was a bit of a disappointment because we would've taken advantage of the included extras (breakfast omelets, dessert and cocktail hours...). Thankfully I was able to slip in a visit the morning we left.The room itself was not all that special. The bathrooms were spacious and inviting, the robes were comfortable and we had a limited view of the mountains. For as much as we paid, I should've confirmed our reservations a few days before and requested a room overlooking the pools.Speaking of the pools, the grounds are absolutely gorgeous, juxtaposing desert flowers/shrubs with cascading waterfalls, pools, and lazy rivers. The grounds are very well-kept and seeing lush green grass in a desert environment was inviting. In the early to late afternoon, the families start to come out and the kids get louder and more rambunctious, but the mornings are serene, and you have the place to yourself. No place is more peaceful. However, the waitstaff leave something to be desired for poolside service. We needed to basically flag them down and shout at them to get any kind of attention.Food: we ate a wonderful and healthy breakfast at the Blue Sage (would return again), and Roy's was an excellent dinner. The service at Roy's was second to none, though at the Blue Sage it took them a good five to ten minutes to clean out table top and bring us drink orders.Summed up: would I return here again? Probably not, but a major reason for that is there are so many other resorts to choose from, and I want to get my feet wet. The hotel is a bit too big and impersonal for my taste. And it is true that this hotel caters more to business professionals at a conference than they do for families or couples. It's not a true get-away-from-it-all experience, but it is still a memorable and beautiful hotel.
3	Ok, I just stayed here and wanted to point out some points that you may find helpful before booking your stay.1.  Service at this resort is excruciatingly slow.  (Asked for a bell hop and after 25 minutes of no one showing up made the multiple trips down to the car to load all the bags)2.  Drinks are expensive by the pool.  (Try a pina colada for $12.  They are strong and granted we are in snottsdale but that still seems a bit overboard for a coconut drink)3.  The rooms are excellent, large and well appointed.  (although you have to pay for most of the fancy appointments)  The bathrooms are large and very nice.  The bed has to be one of the best I've slept in in a long time.4.  The lazy river is great for relaxing except for the fact that there are kids running and splashing everywhere with what appears to be absolutely no supervision.  Not even a staff will stop and tell them to stop running even though it is just an injury and law suit away.  The only adult only pool is atop the spa and you have to pay $35 per day extra just to get in to it.5.  The Meritage steakhouse at the golf course is far below average.  Service was slow and with noticeable disdain from the staff there.  The food is average at best.  Potatoes are pasty, green beans were stringy and the meat was just so so on being cooked right.  I would suggest eating off property if you are looking for a good steak dinner.I'm not trying to bag on this hotel to be mean but when you claim your a high end resort with lots amenities then the service, food and atmosphere must live up to those expectations and unfortunately this hotel/resort does not do it.
4	Pros:1.  Excellent service.  Hell, it's damned right impeccable.  2.  Superclean and comfortable rooms.3.  Excellent amenities and top notch spa.Cons.1.  J-Dubb's a little spendy on the cocktail side.2.  KEEP THE POOL BAR OPEN LATER! MY GOD!!!  I'd like to watch the sun set with a cocktail, rather than have the sidewalk rolled up around 5.
4	Like many others, I had the privilege of staying here during a conference.  The client paid for my stay, so I can't complain about the prices, but I wouldn't have been happy to pay for Internet access on my own; this should be included in a "high-end" resort.  Rooms were plenty large, beds were plenty comfortable, bathrooms were plenty posh.  Everyone was very nice and professional, from the bellhop to the bartenders.  This particular Marriott also served the best conference food ever.It is a very large hotel -- 900+ rooms and only a few floors tall, which means those rooms are spread out across a wide formation.  After a couple walks from one end to the other, you get used to the lay-out.  The property is beautiful, with gorgeous pools and comfortable seating areas inside and out.  Our group spent almost every night on the outdoor patio by the fire pits.  We tried out the spa, as well, which I will review separately.  Although a bit out of the way from the airport and downtown Phoenix, there is a Roy's on the premises, a cafe for breakfast and casual lunch, a Starbuck's, and a shopping center within walking distance.  All in all, an excellent hotel for mixing business with pleasure.
5	Great rooms, nice spa service, amazing grounds... and eat at Roy's.  This is one of my favorite hotels in the world, hands down.
4	You need wristbands for the pool now.  Huge bummer.  No more lazy river crashing for me.  I would pay to use the pool.  You could start charging for a day pass, Marriott.  Just an idea.
5	I had the best family weekend ever at the JW MarriottThis last Memorial day weekend my family decided to surprise my dad with a weekend getaway. What could be better than our group of (12 adults and 5 children) hanging out by the pool and enjoying each others company? Thanks to my sisters it all came together and we spent one of the most amazing weekends together. The Staff is extremely friendly and truly made us feel like VIP. The staff MUST be treated well and paid well because every single department really went out of their way to make our experience smooth and enjoyable. When I say everyone I mean EVERYONE... people who ran the kids activities, bartenders, doors men, the front desk staff etc. The decor needs to be mentioned because this place is gorgeous!!! It feels like a modern day sand temple located in some sort of oasis. When you first walk in the high ceilings and rock pillars really make the place feel really open and tons of light comes in.However, what I was really impressed with was the amount of control the hotel had over the different areas for children activities versus adult. The JW elegant kid friendly hotel integrates the wants and need of both adults and children. Parents are able to either play or watch their kids from a distance all while relaxing. Meanwhile, kids are able to let loose and be kids while knowing their parents are close by if an emergency should arise. Ex: There were tons of families at the hotel but it always seemed quite and relaxing. At dinner my family was able to eat outside all while watch their children run around in their small courtyard fully stocked with soccer balls, footballs, hula hoops etc My family and I saved a few bucks every day by parking our own cars and one day i ate breakfast at their Starbucks versus their restaurants. Either way we had a fabulous time and would love to have another visit!
4	I stayed here a few days for a conference and wow, was this hotel amazing! The grounds of the hotel is huge. I really wanted to use "mini-mall" to explain the size of the location and what it included. I was in awe of how much walking I did just to explore the hotel and its amenities. There were like 4 different pools, including a lazy river (with inner tubes) and a pool with a basketball hoop, Starbucks, some souvenir shops, and at least 3 major restaurants. They even have a golf course on the premises. The grounds were nicely kept with beautiful fountains and freshly cut grass. 1/2 mile away was The District. This marketplace has a lot of restaurants, AMC theater, and stores such as Kohl's. It was a quick, pleasant walk from the hotel. The staff was nice and helpful, as well.A warning to those people who do not have cars. The front desk recommended Downtown Scottsdale as a location to check out for shopping and night life but it would have cost me $30-$40 each way to go 20 miles. It wasn't worth it for me.
4	I went to the JW Marriot over Memorial Day weekend with my husband and had a great time!The hotel is set off from the road by quite a bit so it really has that resort feel. The grounds are immaculate, as well as the hotel! The decor is modern and the hotel is beautiful. The employees there are friendly and VERY helpful - we actually had an issue regarding the billing for our room, and one of the managers stepped in and resolved it very quickly.I cannot even tell you how beautiful the pool area is. There are multiple pools as well as a lazy river. We hung out at the pool on Friday and it was incredibly relaxing - unfortunately a ton of guests and families rolled in for the weekend and it seemed like we were always across from a group of noisy drunk adults, or a family with screaming kids. Also, a lot of people there save chairs early in the morning. They have signs saying you can't do that, but most do, so go ahead and do it if you want to get chairs poolside. Something I really appreciated was they had pitchers of ice water next to the towel station you could take with you. It gets hot in the Arizona sun!Prior to arriving, I had no idea that the hotel had a kid's club. The only time it was disruptive was they have some kind of Nickelodeon show by one of the pools that they broadcast on speaker for about an hour. The first day there was no way to avoid it, and the second day we moved to another pool. Obviously it's great for the people who have families, but not great for people looking to relax at the pool.We had wristbands for pool access the entire time, which was good since I'm sure they previously had a lot of pool crashers.My husband and I signed up for the Cloud Club, which is a GREAT deal! For $50 per day, we had access to to their club room, which is basically a large room with TV, internet access, tables and chairs, etc. In the morning, there was a full breakfast buffet, and from 4-10 they had an open bar and cheese, bread and apps. Seriously a GREAT deal because breakfast and drinks are pretty expensive elsewhere. It was also only for adults, so the environment was pretty chill. The restuarants on-site are very high-quality. Our favorites were Roy's and Tuscany. All the restaurants have happy hour specials from 4-6 with select drinks and appetizers for $5. GREAT selection and quality! The can highly recommend the Shellfish Sampler and 1988 Martini from Roy's, and the pizzas and Berry Thyme drink from Tuscany. There's also good sushi at the Vista Lounge.All in all, it was a wonderful vacation and I'd highly recommend Desert Ridge!
5	HOTEL:The resort grounds are gorgeous.  Unfortunately I did not have a great opportunity to roam the area since I was there for a work conference.  The views are beautiful.The lobby is spacious and inviting with complementary iced tea and cooled water as soon as you walk through the doors.  This is replicated throughout the common areas of the hotel (at least away from the lounge and restaurants) since it is so hot and dry.  I found this to be a nice part of my stay given the need for frequent rehydration, shows some level of caring about my stay by the hotel.The lounge area off the lobby is roomy and comfortable with outside seating also available.  The bar area is a lightly staffed if there is a large conference, but seems adequate for the usual level of lounge guests.Rooms are spacious and comfortable.  Beds are medium in hardness with a plethora of pillows, I did note that there were several different grades of stiffness to my pillows, not sure if this was planned or just luck.  I do notice these things since I am not a soft mattress or pillow kind of person.  The bathroom has a separate shower and tub for soaking.The concierge staff was extremely helpful in picking out restaurants and with transportation.  All staff members were polite and helpful.The only drawback to my stay was that the Marriott does not have free wifi internet, instead it is a pay ethernet service in your room or a paid wifi in the conference area.  This seems to be a Marriott thing rather then a site particular quirk.CONFERENCE AREA:This was a small to medium sized conference I attended and went throughs several meetings in all the different areas.  I found the conference rooms to be well maintained with a good AV system that was brought in and set up.  The computers ran well for presentations and the projectors that were obtained were excellent.  The bulbs were in good working condition so the presentations were not washed out or faded in appearance, especially when showing darker images with subtle points.The acoustics were adequate, depended on which particular room you were in at the time, but none were bad.  The audio system with the wireless microphone system worked well with minimal to no feedback (instances were more presenter problems then equipment problems).I felt that the conference area was excellent and I was happy with the presentations I attended and gave from a logistics standpoint.  There was always staff present to assist should there be a problem.The drawback was again no free wifi for the conference, although you can pay for conference wifi and give attendees a code for free (to them) access, my conference did not.The disclaimer is that I am not sure how much of the conference set up was handled by the Marriott and how much by the organization holding the conference.
5	Great resort, worth the money and the whole Desert Ridge area is terrific.
3	We stay in Marriotts for most of our year.  I have been platinum for over 10 years.  I preface this because I usually love this resort but this last stay was just okay.  When we checked in we ordered vanilla ice cream and cokes.  We got chocolate ice cream, pretzels and fruit basket.  Uh....while nice, not what we wanted for the boys with us.We asked for an upgrade which is customary to platinums, we were told we were upgraded to a resort view.  We had a room by the elevator that looked over a small piece of a golf hole and power lines.  I have never not had a pool or center hotel view.We ordered a mini fridge for our drinks and never got it.Refresh service came at 9:10 PM.  That is way late for guests with little kids.  When we checked in we only had two towels in the room, yet the reservation showed a party of 4.  I have had other Marriotts pay much closer attention to the reservation details.The grounds are great, the attention to detail of this well staffed hotel is lacking.  It is very sad as this could easily be a five star property with the right staff and management.
4	I was only there for  day for a conference, but I had such a nice time. The pool is beautiful with a really nice stream that runs in front of the hotel. So, you can eat out by the water where there are no swimmers. There is complementary gym which was really nice. The staff was nice, although checkout was really early (11am).
3	3.5 stars.I've stayed here a few times during my trips to Phoenix.  You definitely need a car if you're staying here since it's in the far north of Phoenix, across the street from the Desert Ridge Marketplace.  Over the years, there has been a bit more development in the surrounding area, but it's not pedestrian friendly.This place caters to those who are here for a spa/golf holiday and don't need to leave the grounds often.  The hotel itself if gorgeous and the common areas are well groomed.  Rooms are nice and bathrooms are large.  All have balconies or patios.Service was very good.What the room rate includes has varied over the years... this is definitely annoying.  This year, our room rate included parking, gym and pool access, whereas in previous stays (last one was 2 years ago), we were asked to pay for it.  Internet is still a surcharge here.The facilities are gorgeous and the fitness area is decent.  Lots of machines and they've added TVs onto all of them since I was last here.  Golfing isn't my thing but I'm told it's very good here.  There are a few dining options here from Starbucks to pool side cafes to Roy's.  The $5 appy menu at Roy's in the evenings is a great deal if you're hanging out on the patio.It's a nice getaway hotel but I don't think it's worth the price (over the years, we've paid $250-$275 a night plus taxes).
5	I stay in a lot of hotels. I know my hotel beds and I know how horrible room television selection can ruin a stay. I'm just sayin'. This trip at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge was one of the best hotel experiences I've had. Just to be fair, my trip was for a conference my company hosted for our customers, so the "treatment" might be higher than the average guest. Peter the event manager was great. Friendly, personable, accountable and there when you needed him. Karen, the A/V manager I could not praise more. She was "on it". It's rare when people can anticipate your needs and she had that gift. Every staff member did their jobs with pride and extremely well. For an event, you cannot go wrong with this place. We didn't even leave the property. There was no need. AMAZING food, full gift shops, Starbucks, Spa...why leave? Bravo JWMDR, bravo.Oh, and the last awesome thing...bunnys on the lawn!
5	I stayed here over the weekend for a holiday party hosted by my work.  The boss put us all up at the hotel, and this was my first time here as a guest.  I have been to this hotel before, but as a visitor only.Pulling up, the hotel itself is quite stunning.  Beutifully landscaped, with a large circle driveway, its quite a site to see.  They offer valet, but also have parking if you would prefer to bypass the expense.  Theres staff everywhere to help you with anything you may need....from general information, to carrying your luggage, theres staff there thats friendly and helpful to assist you.I checked in, and it was simple and easy.  I chose the 6th floor for the views, and it was awesome! I went with a queen single bed, and all rooms have patio access.  Bathrooms are luxuriously decorated, I had access to 2 nice robes, a shower and a bathtub as well.  I had a flatscreen TV, along with a desk, couch and internet plug in.The hotel is large, and you can easily do quite a bit of walking.  Lobby's large and well decorated, and theres dining available here in house, though I found it to be pricy....you'll save a few dollars dining out at desert ridge, but the food here was tasty.We all had the breakfast buffet at the Blue Sage, and the service and food was awesome.  You have a chef in the buffett line who cooks omlettes, and when we were there, she had 5 skillets going at once!This place has golfing, a spa and several pools available, but I did not use any of these services....will be back in the future, thats for sure!
5	We stayed at the Marriott Canyons Villas and the JW Marriott is close enough to walk to or they have a shuttle that runs to and from every 30 minutes. I saw that the Vista Lounge offered sushi, sashimi and rolls so we decided to sit downstairs at the lobby lounge and dine inside. Our sushi chef Kato was friendly, gracious and created yummy sashimi and sushi. For starters I ordered the lobster roll, Vista Roll (spicy yellow tail, scallions, cucumber and sesame), spicy tuna roll, squid salad, fresh water eel - Unagi, and finish off with Salmon Sake sashimi. Everything we ate was super delicious and fresh. The squid salad was absolutely the bomb with awesome flavor! What was an added plus was since we stayed at the villas we received a 25% discount on our entire tab. Sweeeet!
5	I survived the floods in So Cal by going on vacation to sunny Phoenix. Weather was pleasant 65 to 70 degrees. I booked the stay a couple of months ago at the Marriott Canyon Villas for seven nights but we took complete advantage of the JW Marriott Hotel amenities. The hotel offers a great spa with it's own fitness center and pool, played the Faldo Golf course which was top notch, ate at Meritage Steakhouse, Vista Lounge sushi, Ristorante Tuscany and Roy's. The lobby was beautifully decorated for the holidays and they had a huge Willie Wonka chocolate - ginger bread house constructed by the 2009 national pastry champions. I'll definitely be back here again in the future!
3	Nice hotel, all the amenities you need, great complex of pools. Just make sure your room is as far from the Vista Lounge as possible; otherwise you'll be bombarded with crappy live music, fully audible from the lounge to all the surrounding rooms above it, for four hours a day. Horrible.The Internet access is not free, which is lame.The room service is good but overpriced by at least 40 percent. So it goes with resorts.Otherwise a very nice hotel.
5	If I wasn't staying in this hotel when I was in Phoenix for a week-long work trip, I think I would have lost my mind. Everything here is on a whole other level. From the staff, to the food, to the accommodations, this place is the bomb. I can't imagine dealing with crazy work stresses at any other hotel from now on. Everyone was just so nice! And on the ball! Craving a snack in between meetings? Oh look, there's someone cutting fresh fruit and preparing individual plates for everyone. Wondering where the gym is? Here comes a staff person out of the blue to personally escort you there.  Looking for a quiet nook with a scenic view to do some work before the next presentation?  There's a plush chair or couch not only facing a window, but within reach of an outlet, literally down every hallway.  Bottom line: I left feeling so spoiled, I almost forgot it was a work trip.  I would come back here in a heartbeat.
4	The first time I walked into the JW Marriott I was "wowed" and I still feel the same way. Rooms are nice but I think it's the overall experience here that really sets this place apart from other hotels. As you approach the entrance you will quickly get the feeling that you've come to a "luxury" destination and staff here always know how to treat their guests. The inside of the hotel leads to luscious flowers and water falls. As you travel down the stairs to the lover level you can cozy up in their Vista lounge. Lots of seating options both inside and outside. If the weather is a little chilly my favorite spot here is around one of their many fire pits. If you're hungry try their happy hour from (3 to 6 pm) for drinks or sushi rolls. Their list of amenities is endless. The JW has their own fitness center, spa, offer 2 golf courses (Wildfire), and have a beautiful outdoor pool including a lazy river (and slide for the kids). I would certainly give this hotel 5 stars but the only thing I feel Marriott is lacking on here is the quality of the restaurants. I have never been overwhelmed with either Blue Sage (casual) or their higher end Italian restaurant (Tuscany).
4	Love this place!  Beautiful views, beautiful view, beautiful property, you get the point.  Service at the bar and restaurant that is out on the patio was just meh in both foodnand service.  I would suffer through it again:).
4	This place is huge! I seriously couldn't believe the size on the place.  Has plenty of room to do whatever you want. Has 4 pools that are all right next to each other.  The pools were very crowded, so I would get there early!  My only complaint is that everything seemed to close at 8 pm, including the pools and hot tub.  They said they start staying open later when it's warmer, but to us 70 degrees was good enough weather to hang in the pool.
3	Very beautiful hotel with lots of activities to offer.  Not anxious to assist with a late check out, but eventually gave us an hour.  Staff mostly helpful, grounds and interior very well cared for.  Great pool and workout area.   Only complaints would be the quality of food at the restaurants.  I would rate it poor to average.  Also, would be nice if they could find a bartender that knew how to mix drinks.
5	Our family recently took a trip to Phoenix and stayed at the Desert Ridge Resort. This resort was one of the most beautiful Marriott's we have ever stayed at, and was full of great surprises. My son loved the lazy river, my husband loved the great restaurants on site (Roy's)and golfing, and I was very impressed by the Nickelodeon Activity Zone--a fun offering that allowed my son to eat dinner with a great counselor and some other guests at the resort, while we enjoyed a night out. With four different pool options every level of swimmer was happy!! For us the biggest highlight was probably the Lazy River and Waterslide. The hotel had inner tubes and sunscreen so it very easy to enjoy!
4	The hotel is beautiful, the restaurants are great, but there are too many kids (from a mid-20's perspective).Cleanliness:Not much to say. It was clean!Restaurants:Roy's had delicious food and great service. Meritage: Decent, but I've had better steak dinners. The dessert was good, though.Blue Sage: had the breakfast buffet and a late lunch and I overate both times. Very good!Vista Lounge: had an okay appetizer there, but the service was non-existent. Expect a long wait just to get the bill.Pool area:The area near the lazy river had obnoxious music playing. Once again, it was geared towards kids. I didn't get to lay out anywhere else, so it may have been better in other areas.Hotel grounds: Absolutely beautiful. Driving up to the front of the hotel at night with the lights and palm trees was amazing. The cacti and other greenery were so well kept. And there are little bunnies running around everywhere!Spa:One word: Tranquil. The services are fabulous, and I love the little touches such as the shampoo, conditioner, and body wash in all of the showers, and the separate spa area for men and women. The pool area has relaxing spa music playing and phones aren't allowed out there. It is also an adult only pool!The only thing that would prevent me from choosing this Marriott again is that it seemed very much geared towards families. It may have been that it was during baseball's spring training, or schools' spring breaks, but it was not ideal for a getaway for two young adults.Note: If you qualify as an elite member, and are staying longer than a night or two, sign up for their program to get free internet, free self-park, discounts at restaurants and golfing, and other offers. It costs a bit, but if you're there long enough it'll be cheaper that way.
5	We stayed at the adjoining Canyon Villas. The Villa was 2 bed, 2 bath.  It was clean, stylish and comfortable.  The front desk was very accommodating in providing us a room in a desirable location.  The resort offered activities for all ages and the staff were all very helpful.One of the most unique perks was that one "courtyard" had a vegetable/herb garden that guests were allowed to use.  Fresh basil, Rosemary, chili peppers, etc made the in- room meals more exciting.  People with young children would really enjoy the courtyard with the children's pools.  There was a large pool with sprays and lots of wading room as well as another pool with sprinklers and fountains.The resort offered a free shuttle to the JW Marriott every half hour at which Canyon Villa guests had privileges to the pools, lazy river, and other lovely facilities.Finally, the Happy hour at  Roys in the Marriott was outstanding.  This resort has something for everyone.
5	this place is SHOCK and AWE!once you walk in it has the WOW affect. too steep for my wallet but enjoyed the property. very clean, great river, pool is considered cold and kiddie pool is tucked in the corner for loud noises not to be hear by adults, lol! great happy hour for both on property restaurants. fitness room is small for this grand resort, but it will do. parking and wifi is NOT free. there is a starbucks on property but $$$$.
4	I travel for work, occasionally, and almost always only for big, offsite meetings. So...I've stayed in some places that felt 'conference-y' and some not. I love the ones that don't feel like you're in a conference mill. This hotel? Doesn't feel like you're in a conference mill, even though there were clearly several very large meetings happening at the same time ours was going on.Let's start with the rooms: clean, spacious, nice details, and I LOVE that the mini bar has a key and that you can opt NOT to have that key. My hips thank you, JW Marriott. They may be sending you a thank you note later, for helping them to avoid the inevitable late-night minibar chocolate downfall.  One nice thing that was missing was a coffee maker. There appeared to be one jammed way up on a shelf in the closet, that I couldn't reach, but there seemed also to be no pot and no coffee mug. I know, I know: it's nice hotel. I should be ordering room service or going to the restaurant for coffee but...listen, you can take a girl out of the Hampton Inn, but she'll still want a coffee maker. I am just saying. Take note.Next, the common areas: Huge yet inviting. Lots of cozy seating areas where you can park yourself in between whatever else you're doing. Nice pool, courtyard, etc. Nice banquet rooms, come to that.The food, was wonderful, both at Blue Sage and Meritage, as well as in the banquet rooms. Fresh, interesting, not overly salted, plenty of options that could be construed as healthy if you were looking for that (as I was) or as just delicious if 'healthy' wasn't in your vocabulary. Service was hands down some of the best I've experienced in hotels. And hey - I worked in hotels for 5 years, so I know whereof I speak. The staff here were the nicest, friendliest, most upbeat, and most helpful with whom I've interacted in a long time. I hope that, for next year's meetings, we are at this hotel again.
5	What's not to like (except maybe the high prices), but my friend took care of that. So no worries.I just spent the day sunning lazily around the pool and walking, yes, walking- the lazy river (I got tired of waiting for an available tube and decided the exercise would be good after that huge burger). We were treated to a live band playing a wonderful variety of tunes poolside all day.The Marriot Burger for lunch was delicious as were the curly fries (sweet potato fries would have made my lunch even more perfect, but I'm not complaining.). The waitress very kindly filled my large water container with Pepsi so I was able to sip on it for hours without needing a refill.After lunch I was treated to a delicious Marriot Rum concoction that came with coconut on the rim. Yummy, but with all that rum- why no buzz?My first thought after seeing the resort-like grounds and pools, was- "I'm crashing this place all summer long!" That dream ended abruptly when pool attendant slapped a wristband on me and thanksed my friend for coming. You need to show your room key or club card. I couldn't have gotten in without my friend's Club pass. :-(Luckily for me, my friend promised me another visit so I'm counting the days until I laze the floating river again....um...you know what I meant.BTW- The line to invite me to go with you to the pool forms right here..... 1.
5	This is my favorite sta-cation location.  I live in the Phoenix area and go here just to have a mini vacation.  The grounds are absolutely beautiful. The rooms are relaxing and comfortable. The restaurant choices are quality and the service is spot on.  I've been here many times and always enjoy it.  The lazy river is a big hit with the kids, and I don't hate it either.  The best part, in my opinion, is the spa.  If you can afford the splurge, its worth it.  You are pampered 100%.  You can also use the spa facilities all day for free if you are having a spa service.  The spa pool is divine (kid free, palm tree paradise) with lemon water, towels, sunblock (in case you forgot) and padded beach chairs.  Its absolutely heaven.  I go there as much as I possibly can.  I've also stayed at the Canyon Villas (adjacent time share condos).  They are very nice as well and you get to use all of the resort amenities.  If you haven't been here.....go already.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Wow, what a 5 star resort. I've come here in the past to enjoy the great lobby area for drinks & always knew it's a great place but we booked a room for fathers day weekend on special $150/ night with a $50 credit to use on the property. The pool is awesome & the kids loved it. It's so big with so many areas, they have a lazy river, slide, kid play area & several pools with tons of chairs. The service is great & they have these great tacos at the taco stand. They had free s'mores at night & lots of grass areas for the kids to play. Even a garden with real vegetables growing. I love this place.
5	Wow, it doesn't get much better than this, in my book.
4	Definitely a great resort to stay in when in the valley.  Rooms are consistent to the JW brand, plenty of restaurants in the area and even in the resort.
5	I absolutely love visiting the JW Marriott when I come for a vacation from Calgary.  I have stayed in both the hotel and the timeshares, and always go home relaxed.  Even if I am not staying on the property, my family and I will often visit a restaurant or the spa.The spa is absolutely fabulous!  On my last visit, I dropped off my bags at my house, and went straight to the spa for a pedicure.  It was expensive, but worth every penny.  It lasted for a month!!!  I can't wait to go back - it was a great way to start my trip in total relaxation.
5	Beautifully landscaped and a great operation.  The pool was very busy but no problems getting in quickly.  Room was quiet and a relaxing sanctuary after the day.  I would recommend the location to anyone wanting to explore the desert or take a stay-cation!
4	Boredom is not an option at the impressive JW Marriott!   The grounds are expansive, with villas on the west side of the property and the hotel on the east--each side is equipped with restaurants and several pools. Did I mention that there are two golf courses? Our first stop was at the timeshare villas. Every unit is fully equipped, like an apartment away from home!  The staff are incredibly friendly and the accommodations are high-end.The main hotel was breathtaking--absolutely the largest hotel I've visited. There are several restaurants to satisfy any craving, from sushi to seafood, Italian to burgers. The JW has it all. Our destination this particular visit was at the main hotel pool. Don't even try to sneak in...there are pool staff outside the gates handing out wristbands exclusively for registered guests. I was accompanying a founding owner of the resort, so we received our wristbands and towels with zero fuss.  The pools were PACKED. It must have been end of summer vacation time, because there were families swarming the grounds. The highlight is the lazy river. It's pretty small (I was imagining something much bigger), but it certainly was relaxing!  The pool waitstaff were very accommodating. We immediately received a pitcher of water and ordered some raw veggies from the small poolside menu.  Exploring the JW is an excellent way to spend a Saturday. I'm looking forward to my next visit!
5	I recently had the opportunity to visit during our Warriors Retreat Workshop. The Marriott went above and beyond to meet all of our needs.
5	Wow!  This is a very nice place.  Fancy upscale hotel with long winding hallways (you can get lost trying to find your room).  I enjoyed a bath in my room's oversized bathtub.  The bed was so comfortable...I slept so soundly here.Downstairs is a bar with six TVs and lounge chairs/couches.  Outside  they have a lazy river pool where you can lounge on a tube and float down the waterway.  I walked into the gym just to check it out, but didn't take advantage of its cardio equipment or weights.
4	Awesome hotel!! We only had 2 issues. 1: The waitstaff for the bar/sitting area outside near the firepits were HORRIBLE!!! The slowest, rudest people I have ever come across. I understand Sunday-Tuesday before Thanksgiving is a little slow, but come on! 2: Tuesday night it took 2 hours to get 2 bath towels brought to our room. I called 3 times and was told, they are on their way... We loved, loved, loved this hotel and will stay many more times. But for the price we paid it would have been nice to have a few more people on staff to serve food and drinks at night. Just because it is the slow time for the hotel doesn't mean those who are their on vacation during that time should suffer, we are paying guests too.
3	My recommendation: a few trips around the lazy riverI came to JW Marriott in Phoenix for a conference last month and it was a great time.  The entire resort is extremely clean, things are well organized and staff was all very helpful.  I was only here during days so I can't really speak for the hotel rooms but restaurants on site were "high-end" priced but didn't deliver at all in taste or presentation.
5	Awesome Resort!  Been there numerous times!  Great customer Service!
4	Really enjoyed our visit here! The lazy river was awesome as was the pool and hot tub. The staff was very service oriented and made sure our stay was over the top. The vacation club sales pitches were at a minimum and not intrusive (one voicemail message and a few flyers under our door). The grounds are beautifully kept. I'm not a golfer so I can't speak to the course. It's super close to shopping, dining, sight seeing and outdoor activities. Three hour drive to the grand canyon and half that to Sedona. Highly recommend!
5	5-Star service. Lovely property; immaculately-maintained in every respect; prompt, friendly, efficient services from our valet-assisted arrival through check-out. We both felt very comfortable and will return again the next time we are going to Scottsdale. I would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys being pampered that they stay here.
3	I love a hotel that tries to act like a Four Seasons in terms of service and ambiance. The JW tries and comes close. Beautiful property with a delightful drive-up and pool area. Standard rooms are fairly spacious and nicely appointed. The front desk staff is very attentive. A few beefs:-If I want to park my own car (which by the way is a good quarter mile walk), don't charge me $10 a night for the privilege. -Buy some new towels for the rooms. I've had thicker ones at a Days Inn. -Fitness room is OK but needs to be bigger with more treadmills and ellipticals for a resort of this size. Full disclosure: we negotiated a $219 rate during the busy season of February. Without that rate (and at the normal $400+) we wouldn't have stayed here.
1	They will nickel and dime you for everything.  Don't expect any favors if you are a Marriott Elite member.  No concierge room, no breakfast, no nothing.  Everything they say you get for being a "valued loyal customer" is already included in the $25 resort fee.  I have never been disappointed at a Marriott until I came to this resort.
5	Staff friendly, rooms very clean. Dining is upper scale but it is a resort. Food is very good, with no complaints. There is additional dining within minutes outside of the resort. I came here for a conference and had a terrific time while here.
5	We've stayed here twice now for Spring Training (SF GIANTS!!)  I cannot say enough on the  service and the amenities!  They were very friendly and the kids (ages 6, 12) took full advantage of the lazy river and small water slide as well as many other activities they offered. They had a blast.  The lounge is perfect for hanging out and having a bite to eat. The gym wasn't crowded so I got in and out in 45 min.  It is a little small for a resort of that size.  We've stayed here twice (peak season) and don't really have any complaints.
4	With a lazy river how does one go wrong. There is also a slide if you want to feel like a kid again! The service from all staff is great. The in room dining is quicker than expected and their attention to detail doesn't go unnoticed. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable. I love the robes. And the bathroom is just perfect.
2	My friend and I have been going to camelback spa for about 5 years for our birthdays. this past year we decided to try something new. We went to Desert Ridge Spa for a change of pace - man were we ever sorry we did. the facilites are not nearly as nice as Camelback, the food service sub par at best - while they did make it right - the fact that my friend ordered one thing and was given another and we complained to the waitress her response, was "oh I was curious at which one of you got the wrong order" Really?? you knew that and didn't come up to us? I asked for my burger medium and it came well done, I am glad I didnt wait for her to come back and ask how my food was cause it was 1/2 hour before she came back. I was parched for some water. Although they gave us our food for free - it was just inexcusable. Have had better massages at Massage Envy- will not be going back
5	My first trip to Phoenix couldn't have been better. I went to JW for 3 nights and loved every minute of it. It's beautiful, the pools (about 6 of them) were very nice, and the rooms were very spacious.The ONLY thing I didn't like was the parking. It's really far away from the lobby/check in area. So if you have a lot of stuff to bring in, try to up front. Other than that, I experienced nothing even slightly bad at JW.Would definitely go back again!
5	This place is simply terrific, especially for families. I travel a lot and see a lot of Marriot and other hotels and this is amongst the best.  The property is beautiful from the rooms, to the buildings to the grounds.  Most important, the staff is polite and courteous.  They respond with "my pleasure" they say "yes" as much as they can and they make you feel as comfortable as possible.  The family activities are amazing.  It seems there is something constantly going on.  Today we saw exotic animals, heard great music, our daughter had a "tattoo" airbrushed on her, we enjoyed a watermelon eating contest, otter pops were passed out around the pool and the live music everywhere was terrific. The food was amazing, especially at Tuscany, the Italian restaurant.  Our server, sylvester was kind and attentive and knew his wine.  The food at the pool was remarkable, we had a fresh salad.  The happy hour in the lobby bar and at adjacent Roy's are affordable and delicious. The front desk is always helpful.  The spa great as well.  The relaxation rooms are modern, clean and a place that takes you away from the hustle of life and the resort.  This place is the best!
4	I had an amazing stay here!  The staff at check-in was amazing, the rooms were beautiful and the pool is awesome!  I wish they didn't stop service at the pool at 5pm during the summer or on the weekends.  And, it would have been nice not to have to pay for self-parking.  Other than that it is an awesome property and will be back!
5	Great pools for the whole family.  Very beautiful grounds friendly staff.
5	We had a great JW experience here.I was here for 4 days for work, and extended it to add 3 days of vacation.  It was off season in Phoenix, so the traffic at the hotel was moderate at best.  It was perfect for us,,,plenty of room in the pools, less screaming kids running around, no real wait for service anywhere, and great access to the gyms.I enjoyed the free internet, free access to the spa, and free parking (Marriott membership does pay).  We loved the available Happy Hours in the restaurants.Roy's was amazing.  I highly recommend.The Blue Sage lounge is nice for your basic lunches, etc.  Excellent service here, although I will say my biggest complaint here was wait time during one lunch.  It took 20 minutes to get my food, and 15 minute to get my bill.  And it was very quiet in there.If you are active like I am, and want to be close to the Spa gym, ask to get a room near the spa.  The free parking is just past the spa, and you are very close to the outside entrance and can walk to Albertson's and the Desert Ridge Marketplace in 10 minutes or less.  Super convenient.  I never paid for parking, so it must be because I am a Marriott member.The spa restaurant is very good too.  Lots of healthy options, with a cheeseburger option available, for those people who just want to pretend they eat healthy.We also got couple's massages at the spa.  Check to see if they have any discounts, as they did when we booked.  I had Vera, and my boyfriend had Rosie.  We loved them, and I would HIGHLY recommend them for your massage.  And, if you book something in the spa, you get access to the spa pool and sauna, which are beautiful and QUIET!You can get a fridge in your room, so if you plan on staying awhile, ask for one.  With the grocery store not far away, you can easily save some $$$ by getting some food and keeping it in your room.Front desk staff and concierge are wonderful.  Ask about the Ping plant tour, or anything else you need.  They will take care of you!!My only complaint would be that they cleaned my room late in the day, typically after 3:00pm.  I wish it would have been earlier.
5	I have a confession.  I had an affair at this hotel.  A CHOCOLATE AFFAIR!  This hotel offers a chocolate making class in their Champs Kitchen.  The very same kitchen that was designed for the pastry chefs to practice for competitions, who by the way are National and World Pastry Champions.  The class was so much fun as well as informational.  Chef Greg and his assistant were fun, patient, helpful & full of information.  Sign up for the class if you're staying at the hotel or live in Arizona.  Highly Recommended.  Have fun!By the way, everything that you make is yours to take.  You also receive a gift and breakfast was included for the same price.  Great Deal!
5	The first time I stayed here was in 2004 - about two years after it opened so everything was still new.  I've stayed here one weekend each summer since then.  It's hard to believe that it's been 8 years since my first visit but what can I say, I LOVE this resort.  The valet, front desk and the bellhops were the nicest, respectful and most helpful people.  I can't say enough good things about them, so very friendly!My last visit was for three days over Labor Day weekend and I was happy to see that everything inside of the resort is still in impeccable shape.  The pool area however was not as shiny as usual.  The umbrellas needed some repairs and the chairs were all sun bleached.  Another thing I didn't like was the inconsistency in the "pool rules."  In previous stays, you weren't allowed to take the inner tubes out of the lazy river but this weekend, everyone was hording their tubes by their chairs, not only making it difficult to walk around but also forcing many people inside the lazy river to walk instead of float, it looked like a zombie walk.  Also, I like to bring a cooler bag with snacks and drinks because I'm literally at the pool from sun up to sun down and I won't pay $12 for a drink every time someone gets thirsty - everyone got ONE $12 drink a day, that it!  I've never had a problem with  bringing a cooler bag before but this year, some of the staff would allow it and others would not.I really like the packages that the resort offers, I was able to save a lot on Wi-Fi and resort fees just by going with a package - plus I got a $100 resort credit which was amazing.  I definitely recommend going with a package.  Also, if you're going to stay longer than one night, I recommend bringing a cooler - you can save a lot on drinks and snacks.  The resort offers a nice little market where you can pick up snacks but you're going to pay three times more than you would at a grocery store.  You can use ice from their ice machine to replenish the ice in your cooler.  It's easy to rack up a large bill at this resort, cutting corners helps.
4	Very nice facility and room (a little heavy on the southwest theme, but hey).  Large rooms (with coffee).  Good for traveling and truly beautiful location.  Only thing to know for a business traveler is that this location is very large (spread out).  They will drive you around in a golf cart, but plan accordingly in the hotter months because you'll have a tiny bit of a trek to get to the main facility.  But, again very nice and very nice staff.
5	SUper nice resort! The lazy river and ample lounge chairs were awesome!! The hotel is beautiful and the suites are very large. Each suite had its own balcony with 2 sets of chairs and table.  AND THEY HAVE THE MOST COMFORTABLE BEDS. EVER.if you figure out how to navigate the hotel, DO NOT TRY TO TAKE A SHORTCUT!!! You'll never find your way back to your room.  I promise you. It's huge.
4	The Desert Ridge had everything you would expect from a high end resort.  Plenty of golf, swimming pools, a spa, multiple places to dine and to grab a cocktail.  They were hosting an event I was attending and their catering was superb as well.  I partiucarly liked the trails the were great for morning jogging/walking in a desert landscape and the fire pits that were lit in the evening which were ideal for unwinding at the end of a long day.  The only draw back for this place is if you were looking to do something off campus you had a bit of a drive ahead of you.  I fully would endorose this locale for a long weekend getaway in the desert.
5	Once of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.  The staff was awesome and the views in the valley were beautiful.  Great atmosphere in the resturants as well.
5	Our company has end-of-fiscal year parties at Dave & Buster's every year.  Well, I like to have a few drinks since it's an open bar (they rented out the entire bowling alley this year! woo-hoo!) but I don't drive when I have consumed any amount of liquor.  Not worth going to jail and I have a commercial driver's license - too much at stake. The Dave & Buster's is within walking distance of this Marriott location.  So, I have been at this Marriott twice now.  I am not accustomed to staying in such luxurious accommodations. When I go on vacation, I don't care that much about the hotel I am staying at as long as the room is clean, doesn't smell, no signs of bugs and there aren't hookers going in and out of rooms at 2:00 am slamming doors loudly. Well, I wasn't on vacation and I like staying at hotels on occasion, just me I guess.  I guess I can't say that much for the parking, pretty long walk to get into the place, the only real qualm I have with the place.  But water on a duck's feathers.  The rest of the experience for me is like heaven on earth.  I get to the wrong part of the check-in (my bad) and they very nicely escort me over to the right area.  Professional, I like an experience at a business where the employees actually take pride in their work, which was definitely the case here.  For unknown reasons, I was given an upgrade. I didn't ask for one, the man just said: "I am going to give you an upgrade".  Great and thank you!I get the card for the door to my room and head straight there.  I walk into this quiet, beautifully decorated and carpeted room.  HUGE bathroom, elegant and very nicely appointed.  Very nice Berber carpet; paintings; mirrors; private balcony; on and on.  The bed was huge and very comfortable.  I didn't use the pool or spa.  I didn't want to.  I am content to stay in this luxurious, beautiful room and take an hour-long shower with hot water that doesn't run out, no mold in the shower and a very nice shower-head that gives you various options of water spray.  I am also equally impressed about a central cooling system in each room.  Not your standard window-mount system, much quieter and just another nice aspect of the room.I slept in.  Got up late - for me anyway.  Late for me is getting up at 6:00 am.  Went onto the balcony and looked at the desert views.  Got dressed and went to the in-house Starbucks.  Got a steaming hot cup of coffee in Vente size and went back to my room and just took in the serenity.  Quiet.  No noise of slamming doors as so many other hotels have.  Just peace and quiet.  I stayed until my time was up and check-out time was due.  I could have stayed there for days.  I will go back again this coming year if our company has it's fiscal end-of-year party there again - which I suspect it will because the bowling alley at Dave & Buster's was a huge hit.  I don't expect an upgrade again, but I am sure I will be pleased with whatever accommodations I get.
5	I was here for a work event that lasted for a few days.  The staff and facilities at this place are amazing.  They are extremely attentive and the resort is picturesque.  There's a strip mall across the street from the resort but as a first timer in the resort it was a bit confusing to get off the property to see where the strip mall was located (even with directions from the staff).  Once I figured it out, it was really easy and each subsequent time that I needed to head out to the strip mall I wondered why this seemed challenging!Great place overall and I'm sure if you were going for personal (rather than professional) reasons it would be even better!
5	Beautiful Resort with great customer service. Love the lazy river and the outdoor fire pit.  Paid extra for the Griffin Club which was worth every penny Will come here again for sure!
2	Beautiful property but last time we stayed there they were oversold. We arrived @10pm to find out that the word "reservation" did not mean they had a room for us.They said they had overcommitted & we had to drive 20 mins & check into another hotel - our room would be available the next day. What a pain! My husband was there got a meeting being held @ the JW, so he had to get up extra early the next am to account for travel time back to the JW & I had to move our stuff back.
4	This place is beautiful and is nestled on a nice golfcourse called Wildfire.  They have many fun things to do outside your condo door.  Their exercise facility is well done and is very adequate for a workout.  The condo is laid out nicely like all the other US based Marriott timeshares and we really were comfortable here.  The JW is accessible being guests here and the JW is stunning.  We went to the local Albertson's for food to make dinner and this whole neighborhood is upscale and nice.
5	I stayed here for a friend's wedding and boy, do they treat you well. This place is absolutely humongous! Their grass is green and plush, their rooms are big, beds are comfy, balconies have nice views, presidential suite is absolutely drop-dead ridiculously large.Be sure to give their spa a visit! Amazing facilities with friendly and helpful staff. Only complaint might be that their property is TOO big. The distance from the parking lot to the main resort is around 1/3 of a mile. That's just nitpicking now.
2	My review is not intended for the rooms but only the establishment. THIS IS NOT HANDICAPPED FRIENDLY.  I went there today for Happy Hour.  When I pulled up to the front entrance I asked about where the handicapped parking was as I did not see any close by.  The directed me to a lot which was far off the beaten path.  I again drove up to the front and proceeded to park nearby where I saw other cars parked.  I was immediately told that I could not park there.  I told them that their handicapped lot was too far for any handicapped person to walk.  They said I could leave the car there but only if I gave them my keys.  I do not give anyone myt car keys.  They called the manager who said he could arrange for someone to follow me to the handicapped lot and bring me back.My other complaint is that when I tried to get back into the restaurant from the patio the doors are too heavy and no button for handicapped to push to open the doors.I would not recommend this place for people who are handicapped or even people who have a problem with walking or who are not strength builders.  You need to be physically fit to stay here.
4	We had a wonderful stay. The staff was surprisingly friendly, the rooms are large and clean, and pools are great. There are excellent restaurants on site and two shopping centers within a 15 minute walk (or $5 shuttle ride). The rooms are all spacious and well appointed, though the views vary. A tub and separate shower in every room.It is a large property, so be prepared for a long walk to anything. The layout is also a little confusing. While the pool is in middle of the property, there is only one entrance, so you need to walk the entire resort to get there. Better signage would really help. Lots of people trying to get to the pool the first time stand around in confusion until someone shows them the not-so-obvious door. The walk to the malls across the street is also confusing at first (lots of curvy roads with no pedestrian signs),But, those are trivial concerns for an otherwise outstanding property.
5	Very good. I like it nice lazy river.
5	We've attended the Muhammad Ali Celebrity Fight Night event the past 3 yrs here and it's a top notch event.  The reason why it's a great event is because of this resort and it's staff.  From the time you pull up into the valet area next to the ballroom until you pick up your car 8 hrs later, it's a 5 Star experience.The banquet staff ensures that you're every need is attended to.  Champagne, Wine, and Spirits are served from several bars scattered throughout the ballroom & pre-function space.  There's never a line of more than a few people at the bars.  The passed hors d'oeuvres are delicious.  The meal is pretty good as well.  We went with the Vegetarian option, which was an Eggplant Cannelloni.  The Dessert was fabulous as well....a trio of delightful sweet flavors (see pic).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jw-marriott-desert-ridge-resort-and-spa-phoenix-phoenix?select=JLPvffOfpIzZIX8pC2QRjQ#JLPvffOfpIzZIX8pC2QRjQThe ballroom stage was amazing and the entertainment, featuring J-Lo, Billy Ray Cyrus, Billy Crystal, Steve Martin, Reba, and many more was awesome.  Their banquet staff deserves the 5 Stars on this review.I've never stayed in the hotel, but will give it a try for a staycation in the future.Return Factor - 100%
4	Ok so arriving here I get in my room and its dirty nice but dirty so I look a round and there is stains on the floor and I found a used cutip in the bathroom and the bed is a pull up bed if you don't know what that is it is a bed the you can push up and then it looks like a closet that's what it is the staff always seem like ther new and the room service is ok they have some good things on the menu and the griffin club is something you don't need the hotel is good but no cigar.
5	We stayed here for the Fiesta Bowl earlier this year. The accommodations were great and the property was absolutely stunning. The bathroom was huge!I'm not one for golf so I can't speak to that, but the spa was very clean. I took a yoga class in the morning and had a massage in the afternoon. The massage was awesome, I highly recommend the hot stone massage!
4	I had a short spa day here this week. Nice and relaxing. Massage was fantastic. I also had a manicure and it was well done! The place might be in need of a face lift, but it was still a great experience. The have what they call a passport for summer deals ask about if you are booking services this summer!
5	I love Marriott. What a great place. The location is right off a freeway...101 North. Great restaurants, great ambiance. Close to a huge shopping center...Love it!
4	What a great staycation!  The room was great with a nice balcony!  The pool area was a lot of fun and they have great amenities for the kids. Check out the Kids activity area - computers, board games, etc. Sneak away for drinks on the patio - very relaxing!  Can't wait to back!
4	My husband and I, along with everyone else at the resort this weekend, picked up the Travelzoo deal for a nice little staycation just a few miles from the house.  We really enjoyed ourselves here.  We really did feel like we were on vacation somewhere else.Highlights:1.  The service was impeccable.  Everyone from check-in, to the servers at the pool and the restaurants was friendly and prompt2.  The room was very nice and very clean.  I was pleased with the size of the room, too.  The bathroom was also very large and seemed updated.3.  The pools were fabulous.  There were 3 different pool "areas" and I'm not sure if it was intended to be this way, but if it matters to you, the big main pool had the coolest water; the middle long, curved pool had the warmest water; and the lazy river was in between.  We spent time at all three pools and the smallest middle pool was the most quiet.  The lazy river got more and more crazy as the day went on - if you want to enjoy it and relax, get there early.  The big pool as the more "party scene."  This is where all the young and beautiful people hung out.  They had a DJ on Saturday afternoon and it was CROWDED.  So again, if you want a chair next to the pool and you want to be able to get in and out of it without having to ask people to move, get there early.  Minor bummers:1.  They seriously need to resurface the pool areas.  The pavement is HOT.  I mean, you will literally burn your feet it is so hot.  You have to bring your shoes to the side of the pool and you can't sit there on the side without laying your towel down.  It was really bad.  That is probably the worst thing about the whole experience.  2.  If you are a couple and you are hoping for a relaxing retreat, think again.  This place is crawling with kids. That's fine if you're fine with that, but just warning anyone who wants a quiet, adult weekend - this is not where you will find it.  By 11am, the lazy river wasn't even moving it was so crowded with large groups of kids splashing each other and blocking the flow.3.  Ask for a room with a view if you want one.  We overlooked the spa.  So nothing special, although our wing certainly seemed to be where they put all the couples, so it was very quiet and serene.  But if you are looking for a view of the McDowells, ask for it.  Overall, I would definitely go back if I had a larger group and it wasn't just my husband and me, but I would wait until later in the summer when vacation isn't so new and exciting for families.  We really enjoyed ourselves and though the resort was beautiful and top-notch, but we will probably try someplace a little more quiet before we come back.
5	This place was amazing! I was here for a work conference in April. The room room was comfortable and large. The pool area was amazing I spent my downtime floating down their lazy river with a cocktail in my hand. They even impressed me the food that was served, even being buffet style it was outstanding! If your going to Arizona it is an amazing place to stay!!
4	I didn't stay here but because we were staying at the Marriott  Canyon Villas next to the JW, we got to use the pools. The grounds are beautiful and I had so much fun hanging out in the lazy river.  The lazy river has tubes you can you and there is plenty of seating especially in the shade.  The lazy river also has a water slide that I went down a few times. I wished I lived closer so I could have a staycation here or something!
4	I never say here but have a lot of events for work... always top noch service and such.
4	We took a short mid summer vacation here with our teen son and nephew.  We've stayed at many Scottsdale and Phoenix resorts over the years.  This is definitely one of the nicer ones.  It's located right across from the Desert Ridge Marketplace which is a terrific outdoor shopping area with loads of restaurants and a wide assortment of shops and stores as well as an outdoor water feature for young children.We stayed in the Canyon Villas which is the vacation club aka timeshare side of things.  We had a very spacious and well appointed one bedroom unit on the top (third) floor overlooking the golf course.  The unit was well stocked with useful utensils and cookware.  The kitchen has granite counters and a water feature in the a wall alcove. The resort is quite large and expansive. The grounds are simply beautiful with lots of surrounding native plants and wildlife.   The main hotel and spa is a short distance from the villas and there are shuttles that run between both locations every half hour.  If you prefer to walk, it's not that far, probably about 10 minutes on foot. The facilities are top drawer all the way.  Guests staying at the Villas can also access the main pool and spa at the hotel.  It has a decent lazy river, a couple of long pools and a main pool.  There's even a small water slide and a pool and water features for little tikes. There is poolside beverage and food service.  During our stay, the water was a little murky probably from all the suntan/screen fro swimmers.  We actually preferred the main pool at the Villas which is a bit larger with outdoor table games, a water fall and lap pool.Our only real disappointment was the construction going on outside the main lobby leading to the hotel pool.  Lots of jack hammer noise but not enough to ruin things.  There must have been a plumbing issue because many of the surrounding water ways and falls were not operating which detracted a bit from the overall ambiance of things.  Poolside drinks are expensive so go lightly unless your uber wealthy.I probably would have given this resort 5 stars but for the construction noise and inoperable water features.  The staff is very helpful and gracious.  We had a problem with a slow flushing toilet which was promptly repaired.  We received a call a couple of hours later to check on its status and our satisfaction.Unlike most timeshare properties, The Villas does NOT offer mid week housekeeping unless you want to pay an extra $30 to $90 depending on the unit size and services desired.  Housekeeping is very responsive when additional pillows and blankets were needed.The only resort that we like better is Kierland Resort & Spa located in north Scottsdale.  It's just a bit nicer with better water features and pools and more shade from mature landscaping.  We couldn't get a villa there so we opted to stay here instead and we were NOT disappointed and you won't be either.
4	Really like this place. My family and I always come here every summer for a stay cation and every time there is something new I like about this place. The lobby is huge and the staff are always nice smiling and very helpful. The summer prices can get a little bit high which sucks. The pool is somewhat clean for the most part. Last sumer when I came here a little kid pooped in the lazy river and they had to shut it down for a hour to clean it up which was absolutely digesting and for now on I don't even step foot in the pools here because of the amount of little kids going to the bathroom in the pools. The food down by the pool is alright, I wish they had a bigger selection though. Love how they have a Starbucks in the lobby though which makes this place awesome. The rooms are always clean and the beds are always clean which makes me feel more comfortable sleeping in them. There is a breakfast restaurant here called Blue Sage and it's pretty good. Portions can be small though and it's pretty loud in there.
3	Not bad. Don't like the pool but reasonable vacation packages for around $160 with a $100 spending hotel credit.
1	Wife and I decided to stay here a couple of nights cause it is up the road and we heard good things about the resort. Within a couple of hours of being in our room we found a dead roach in the shower. I picked it up and flushed it down the toilet. Proceeded to shower and go out to dinner. Kind of disappointed to see this at a 5 star resort. I have stayed in many hotels and never saw a roach in one of them. Fast forward to 145am. I get up to use the bathroom and there is a huge 3 inch roach in the bathroom running all over . I close the door and call the front desk. They send someone up, we open the door and the roach is gone. Where did this thing go? Is it in the room?  Staff offered to put us in another room. Wife is exhausted, we did not feel like moving to another room at this time cause 6 hours earlier we just moved into this room. I could not sleep at all. Pretty much the plans we made b4 we went to bed for later in the morning are  not going to happen cause we have to move to another room and we both are exhausted from no sleep. Looking back we should have moved to another room at 145am when I noticed the 2nd roach. Now it is 10am they have a room for us. As we are packing to go to next room we find 2 other bugs in the bed. I put them in a glass and bring them to the front desk. Front desk sends one of the two bugs to a lab cause it might be a bed bug. They say they will call us when the lab calls them with the test result. I wanted to leave but my wife wanted to stay. We went to the second room and the entire day we stayed there we did not see one bug. Staff called and told us the one bug that went to the lab was not a bed bug.I was so disappointed regarding the entire stay.  We both were so excited for this stay cation. It was going to be the first of many. We both just needed a couple of days to relax and enjoy the limited vacation time we get per year.  As I write this there is no way I can stay there again. I dont care how nice the place looks, the Lazy River, the Golf, the spa etc. If you have 3 inch roaches in my room it negates everything else!
3	We LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel, having stayed here for 3+ anniversaries.  The lazy river is my favorite part of this resort, but the restaurants and other amenities are exceptional as well.  The staff is very friendly and helpful (especially the valet staff), and we very much enjoyed our stay.  Only one thing made me give pause to returning to this hotel -- we had a very nice room in the spa wing (room 5140).  We had requested quiet (having been sandwiched by a boy's birthday party on one side and a girls sleepover on the other side -- on two other occasions, mind you!)  Anyhoo, the room we had was wonderful EXCEPT for the bed.  The bed was as hard as a rock!  I couldn't sleep all night and my husband and I both rolled out of bed very sore and stiff.  This was unnerving, as you certainly don't expect this at a hotel of this quality.  I did love the ability to charge everything to your room, so you don't have to carry your wallet with you everywhere you go.
4	Just stayed.  Friendliest staff. Called to check to see if towels were delivered. Also waiter got me pancakes on the sly. Tennis staff was nice. Griffin Club staff was so so nice. Rooms were spotless. Pools were great.  We've stayed at the JW...the Phoenician....Westin...  For families, JW is best bet.
5	I love this resort.  It pretty much is the one to which I compare all others.  Rooms are clean and decent, but not particularly large.  The pool areas and lazy river are GREAT!
4	This hotel offers by far, the best customer service I have ever experienced. Their staff goes over and beyond to take care of their guests. Having said that, I didn't give the hotel 5 stars for a few reasons. I stayed here with a conference and received a discounted rate of $229. Not sure what the hotel goes for otherwise, but for this daily rate I was disappointed to find out that there is no complimentary wifi in the rooms for guests and especially through a conference hosting approx 1200 people. Their wifi is available for $12.95/day (24 hours). Another disappointment, was the lack of a mini bar in the room. As a matter of fact, I expect more out of a coffee/tea station then a hidden cheap coffee maker hidden in the nightstand that sits between the two beds in my room.
4	Recently stayed at the JW Marriott during a business trip. Overall the hotel is very nice. The rooms are very large and comfortable. The staff was also very friendly. The only negative was the internet which was very slow. A solid 4 stars.
5	Stayed here for four nights, extremely similar to their San Antonio facility(which we love).  Great restaurants, excellent services throughout our stay, every time!  Their staff members are very personable and extremely well trained.  Their pool area is definitely worth exploring too.  Well maintained, salt water heated inner tube that's relaxing to ride and enjoy for the whole family.  Poolside grille provided good snacks and drinks as well.  Too bad we only spent one afternoon there.  Can't wait to stay here again and will definitely take advantage of their wonderful water park area more!
5	I arrived on the Sunday afternoon before Veteran's Day, amidst an enormous convention group checking in. Despite being extremely busy, the desk staff remained courteous and efficient, communicating effectively with each guest I saw assisted. I was a bit of a stand-out, not being part of the convention, but received top notch service and have enjoyed myself tremendously! I've been fortunate to have enjoyed several JW locations and this is one of my top 3!!
5	Ok soo I don't think my other(s) review was very ummm what's the word friendly as I ranted instead of telling you the ups but more downs. So here's a updated version. So I have stayed here uh 4 times (yay) and I have done everything and it's AWESOME. So let's start off with the four (maybe 5) places  to eat 3 (or 4) of them are GOOD yay!!! So one of them is a breakfest place the other one is a italian place it's okay other one is a steakhouse and the other a pool eating place it's good and if you count in-room dining a place to eat its great. So THE ROOMS are not clean I'm not going to go into that rant okay, good. now the staff will sometimes forget YOU and SOMEtimes are mean but they used to give apples hehe. Now the griffin club is not worth it okay if your looking for a full package do it. Now I should point out this place is HUGE. And while your there go down and look for a garden where they grow food and ask for a tour on a good day they will give one it's cool. I do recommend this place and a new thing I will do goodbye and until the next review happy booking
4	Valet doesn't respond to call downs. Walk your ticket to the valet guy.  The girls behind the counter are too fake nice.  They have all memorized their scripts and if you ask them a question outside of the script, they get confused.  The pool area was beautiful as our room over looked it.  The grounds were well maintained as was our room.  Several of our friends did complain of dirty rooms.  The bathroom was well appointed, but the shower was smaller than we are used to in this level hotel.  Overall, the room worked great for our one night stay.  If we got a great deal on the hotel again, we would stay there, but not worth $300/night
5	5 Star Facility with 5 star Service.   From the moment you arrive you will be WOWed  by the luxury facility and the friendly, accommodating staff.    I am a wedding officiant with AZ Ceremony and I had the privilege of officiating a surprise wedding vow renewal on December 28th.  The staff was incredible in making sure every detail was perfect for the ceremony  and keeping me a incognito until the appropriate moment of surprise.    I highly recommend this beautiful facility for any type of event.  Patti Ann, AZ Ceremony   www.azceremony.com
2	Resort is beautiful, and the pools are fun. They should allow guaranteed adjoining rooms for families. When you're paying their rates for two rooms, it is a real inconvenience to have to split up. They supposedly fixed our room assignments twice, but each time it became a bigger disaster. I've stayed here many times in the past, but management and competence have seriously declined in the last two years. I hope they get their act back together and turn the place around, because the resort and amenities are nice!
5	Im in Arizona for a convention this weekend and we're staying here at the JW Marriott. This hotel is probably the best hotel I have ever been to. The grounds are absolutely beautiful and there is a lot to do. Pool/bar & restaurant outside, bar downstairs with everything you could want, great on site restaurant (Roy's), gym, spa and phenomenal staff. We're staying in the Jr suite and it's HUGE. There is more than enough room for the 3 people sharing. The king size bed is extremely comfortable and the sheets are super soft. Then there is a couch that makes into a bed. My other coworker said its not the most comfortable, but did just fine. Everything was very clean, neat and well decorated. The bathroom is great ! Plenty of counter space, great bathtub and a spectacular shower. The water pressure felt amazing and got really hot. The pool was SO much fun. The staff working at the Splash bar & restaurant were great. I got a couple beers and the loaded fries to share- YUM! We definitely enjoyed the river followed by lounging on their comfortable chairs in the sun. I didn't make it to the gym or spa but two of my coworkers did and said they enjoyed the amenities very much :) There was a mix up with a room charge that was resolved quickly and efficiently but the front desk staff, Andrew. This goes to show that even if something does happen, they are quick  to resolve the situation. Very impressed :D
5	I stayed out here for a week long company retreat.This resort is so impressive all around. I understood why Mr. Marriott stamps this line with the JW Marriott brand after himself - they are clearly a superb brand of hotel.You can tell right from the get go this hotel is all about service. Every hotel staff-member is ready to help and polite.  The food was awesome for my whole trip, very tasty, fresh and creative. The course on the resort, Wildfire, is also not to be missed. Expensive but an immaculately kept course.
3	Mega resort that for some reason had an overpowering aroma of syrup the three days I was there in the main lobby. Staff is exceptionally friendly and ground and rooms are well kept. Drawback is size - the place is absolutely massive so expect a lot of people at any given time. Great for conferences, probably not so much for family vacation.
5	This resort is FABULOUS!!!!!I just returned from a much needed girls getaway weekend here and I just want to turn around and go back. The grounds are gorgeous, the hotel itself and the rooms were great but the people REALLY made it top notch. We used the Griffin Club at this hotel each day and the folks working up there are AMAZING! Heidi knocked our socks off. That girl knows customer service. She was SO accommodating, caring, kind, and went WAY above and beyond for us. I mean, we actually talked about her several times (all great things!!). Everyone up in the Griffin Club was ridiculously nice but Heidi was the stand out. Also those chocolate brownie cookies. OMG. We mostly used the Spa Pool (more than the main pool with the lazy river) and LOVED it! The spa pool is so relaxing and serene. Again, I want to return, again and again!I highly recommend this resort and I highly highly recommend both the spa pool and The Griffin Club!
5	This resort is huge and beautiful. Love the fact that they had different dining options and more importantly, there awesome pool area! They had a live DJ on Saturday. It's such a chill place to hang out. Honestly for a brief moment it felt like I was in Vegas. Minus the drunk annoying people. The king bed with balcony view was spacious and had a separate bath/shower. This resort will be my go to place next time I'm in Arizona. They have a Starbucks which gets an extra star from me. Although this place was pretty far from my main point of interest (camelback ranch), I didn't mind driving the extra miles.
4	Fabulous, Fabulous!!  I would return here in a heartbeat!!  Beautiful hotel, breathtaking grounds, amazing swimming pool area & excellent costumer service!!!  I was sad when it was time to check out.The only reason I am giving 4 stars and not 5 is because the kids club definitely needs some changes.  Its closed in the morning hours when most kids need something to do in the morning hours.  I have an almost 3 year old and he was never able to use the kids club because by the time it opened, he was either napping or by that time enjoying the pool.  Then they close by early evening...again....when kids need something to do.  Being open only in the afternoon, during prime pool time & nap time was not helpful.   Additionally, even if the hours are extended, some extra activities could be added, esp. for little ones.
2	Just returned from a stay at the JW Marriot, Desert Ridge Resort and Spa! The room was just a little above average, had an eastern view of the back of the joint, montains in the distance, and golf course on either side. The small, empty fridge, thank you was very noisy though as was the AC system that made noise all night. The TV, 40 inch flat panel was okay except that you could only get maybe a dozen free channels. Free Wifi was so slow as to make it unusable, the only reason it was free was because it was provided by the conference that we were attending. The on site restaraunts were just OK, though I did not get the opportunity to eat at the Roy's that was there. The Steak House at the Golf course did provide an excellent meal, but for a huge price. The pools were large enough to accomodate the overcrowding but the filtration system was not, the water was an icky cloudy grey. And with all of the servants walking around I would have thought it would not have taken 45 minutes to get my Arnold Palmer.  Now why just a two star rating, well, the parking lot that was quite a hike from the main entrance was pay only, and the charges were 27 bucks a day for Valet, which I paid anyway. Still nonsecured, uncovered parking for $27. and then in the desert your car is always dusty, so I didn't say too much when it showed up covered, yes covered in bird dooky! The desert is huge why should you have to pay for uncovered parking, it's not like we were in San Francisco. At the very least I would think that my $400 a night could have absorbed a few things like good free internet and free parking. The service was good for the most part, though my bed did not get made one day and I was too tired to call them to make it up when I returned at 10 pm. The Decor, not that I am a decorator, is kind of a hoge podge of Desert meets Hawaii meets English Tea Garden. From the landscaping to the room itself nothing really matched, think early estate sale.All said save your money, there are plenty of less expensive places to stay that still border on a quality Resort and Spa, maybe Hyatt or Westin have something near. I have stayed at the Four Seasons down the road and it was much nicer and less expensive.
1	JW Marriott is a bad neighbor.  I must preface by saying I am a loyal Marriott fan and typically stay in Marriott hotels.  I will reconsider after this weekend and the way employees at JW represent their brand.  20 well dressed and well mannered seniors at the local high school came by the hotel to grab a few brief pictures on the grounds before their senior prom.  Seems like an innocent activity the wouldn't interfere with hotel operations.  Apparently the folks at JW had a bad prior prom experience or failed to recognize the importance of the day as they addressed the kids in a demeaning tone and steered them actively to the door.  Parents who might have eaten there decided on a friendlier alternative.  I would suggest that JW employees review the core principles of their business and look up the words "hospitality" and "service" in the dictionary as well as reflect on important occasions in their own lives and empathetically trade places with a few seniors looking toward a memorable prom.
4	Spent a girls weekend here and overall had a good time- the pros out weigh the cons, see below:Pros* Griffin Club- worth the cost for the breakfast, lunch, snacks and drinks.  The staff here is AMAZING. Not only are they super friendly, but they have the best memories.  They remembered our names, cocktail and coffee preferences! Shout out to Jeffery and Kayla.* Revive Spa- had two services there and each was relaxing.  The Thai massage by Susanna I was the BEST. I would have done a third if I had before my flight out. Also the pool vibe was much better- serene vs the chaos of the other family pools.Cons* Rooms were a bit dated and worn, but the beds were comfortable and it was nice to have balaconies.* On premise resturants- the food was mediocre at best and the service was even worse.   Very very very slow service, lacking knowledge on the menu at times and one girl was even condescending.  There are several restaurants near by in walking distance- go off premise to get better food and surely better service.Couple tips: * do the Griffin Club* get services at the Spa* get car service offered by the resort/hotel vs cab- it'll save you $20- 30 depending on how many people share the ride
4	JW Marriott Desert Ridge is a great place to stay in the North Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  This is especially true if you have children who love to swim.  There is a great pool area with several pools, a splash pad, and a lazy river.  There are several restaurants to check-out on location as well.  I only wish that JW Marriott Desert Ridge was more centrally located to enjoy - it is a bit of a drive from other attractions!
4	The Lazy River on the website is what initially drew me in, and am I glad it did! The front desk is totally accommodating with taxis to airport, directions to local dining areas, changing rooms for a quieter scene. Then, the spa is to die for. Try the turquoise massage. You'll never want to leave. Then, the pool area is full of great waiters and waitresses- ready to serve and bring over some poolside cocktails or food. End the night with some beers by the the firepits. Ooo la la. Overall, a beautiful resort that is centrally located. Right across from an outdoor mall, 20 minutes from Scottsdale, 3.5 hours from Grand Canyon.
4	Customer service was awesome! My husband and I went here as part of our honeymoon and Kayla, the customer service representative at the desk, sent us champagne and chocolate covered strawberries, and a personalized note, remembering that we were going to see the grand canyon the next day.  Customer service was definitely above and beyond.Only reason it's not a 5 is because I believe they are going through some remodeling, and the other JW's I have stayed at have been better.
1	Kicked out! My wife was having lunch with one of her friends from out-of-town who was staying there. I dropped my wife off and brought the dog with the intent to walk the dog on the grounds while my wife was having lunch with her friend. The grounds are huge here, and I was not anywhere near the hotel yet a young woman saw me in the distance and walked over a 100 yards to tell me that this is not a pet-friendly hotel. I explained that I was visiting a friend, but I'm sure she didn't believe me. I live in North Scottsdale, why would I drive all this way just to walk my dog. Anyway, I left and went to City North across the street and called my wife and told her what happened and that I would wait there for her call when she finished lunch at the Marriott.We have eaten at Roy's many times over the years too, at $200 a pop I might add. We will never come back here and spend any of our money, and I will make sure that I tell everyone I know what happened. Even my wife's friend was appalled by the incident and said she won't come back here because she has a dog of her own back home in Michigan.
4	This hotel has beautiful, lush, green grounds; there were palm trees and other vegetation, some of which had lights that came on at night - so pretty.  The grounds also had some wildlife; I saw little ducklings that fell off a curb and were trying to figure out how to get back up, and rabbits frolicking in the fields.  Finally, it had a great pool, lazy river and golf course.  The rooms were also nice, bright and had a great balcony to enjoy the sun and the night lights.  The bathroom was modern and roomy - separate shower and nice tub.It is a nice hotel that easily accommodates work events, and would be a really great place for families with small children and, possibly, golfers.  It does not get five stars from me because I do not have a small child/ren (so I would not take advantage of the family friendly pool areas) and I do not play golf.  Further, the activities I would take advantage of (spa and restaurants) were just average.
5	I'm leaving Arizona after having spent the weekend here for a conference. We had an amazing stay at the JW Marriott, it is a beautiful resort. The hotel is like a little oasis tucked away in northern phoenix.  The customer service is really amazing-the workers are always opening doors for you, offering you water bottles, smiling and saying hello. Our room was nice, spacious and maintained very clean.  The outdoor areas were beautiful, from the pools to the golf course. Overall, it was a great weekend getaway.
4	We checked out yesterday after a four night stay, and have stayed at this property several times over the past eight years.  We also have a timeshare at the adjacent Canyon Villas.  This is an outstanding hotel with wonderful service.  We upgraded to the Griffin Club and it was spectacular and a great value.  The personnel there were better than even the Ritz Carlton Club people. I have had the pleasure to interact with in the past. Tremendous food, liberal pours of premium spirits and wine - just great.My only angst with this hotel is that the wireless Internet service in the room was truly pathetic.  Often you could not connect at all.  When you could connect there are multiple abrupt disconnects not even with seeing media.  A  Hotel of this level should do better in that one area.
2	The front drive is beautiful and well kept, however the front view reminded me of an apartment complex.  Once I entered I felt I had arrived.  the inside lobby is fantastic.  The flooring and other decorations are very nice. Inside is a grand stair going done to a bar and leading out to the pool/garden area.  The pool area is wonderful and very well tended.  They had live music outside and overall it was a fantastic place.  I went inside and sat done (outside was full) and it took some time to get drinks but they were busy.  We order a Sangria and when it arrived we had no idea what it was it tasted like a gin and tonic, but they assured us it was a Sangria.  They took it off the bill.  Once in our room I found that the toilet seat must be held up or it falls.  Near the roof over the toilet is an intake vent that has never been cleaned it is covered in dust and what looks like maybe hair.  I had one of the worst nights sleep because the pillow are either so flimsy that it is like sleeping without one or so overstuffed it is like sleeping with a large rock as a pillow.  The furnishing in the room were plastic covered, I think it may have been meant to be like leather but they failed.  They were also not comfortable.  Overall it was not worth the price and I will not be coming back unless it is paid for by work or someone else.  Stay away, go to the Biltmore if you want luxury and comforT.
5	Our recent stay here for my sons birthday was excellent. The service was exceptional. I must give recognition to Casey, Peter, Ricardo, and Drew, these members of the bell staff go above and beyond. Ryan and management at the Stonegrill did an awesome job as well and fulfilled all of our requests. While we were poolside we received great service as well, everyone was very attentive and courteous. We enjoyed our stay very much and are looking forward to the next stay.
3	It is a beautiful place but rooms were small.
5	What can I say about JW Marriott that is not said in the name!  The flag ship resort of the Marriott chain. The thing that impresses me is their sustained commitment to service member and their family. They probably do not want to it advertised but at select times you can get a $300.00 room for roughly $88.00. That makes it affordable for most for what you get. This JW has 4 acres of water ways. From a private adult only Lap pool to a large lazy river, 2 hot tubes, a water slide, and a large pool with a giant water feature. There is an extra resort fee of $25 per day. For that you get unlimited golf balls at the driving range, unlimited free wifi, free trail bike usage, tennis rackets for the family and so much more.  Prices can be found on their web site. If you are looking for a get away and you can find a JW go. If you are near Phoenix come to the Desert Ridge!
5	This resort is to die for, the best customer service ever! Their people really care.Our family stayed here as a staycation for the 4th of July, our first time here. The resort grounds are beautiful, the pools are fantastic and a very relaxing atmosphere. We booked a 2 night stay and after the first night I had made mention to the guest hospitality coordinator that our room didn't quite meet our needs but we were enjoying our stay. He immediately said that he would see if there was a room available that might suit us better and he would have our room changed. He was able to change our room to a room that fit our needs much better and we greatly appreciated it. Steve Smigosky, the guest hospitality coordinator, was very gracious and wanted to make sure that our stay at the Marriott was enjoyable. He made some restaurant suggestions and even helped with dinner reservations. We will definitely stay here again and be telling our friends what great customer service we had and how fantastic the resort is. Can't wait to come back and stay again.
5	We have spent a long weekend stay cation here two years in a row for their "Swing and Fling" summer special. The special gives you unlimited golf, no resort fee, kids eat free, and a $50 resort credit per day. This year they really seemed to make it more fun for the kids and included bracelets that gave the kids free Popsicles at the pool and fun kickballs at the front desk at check in. We have enjoyed our stay very much both last year and this year. The customer service is fantastic, they always seem to want to make your stay wonderful. We had fantastic service at the pools each day with great food and drink service. We never seemed to run low on cold water and the lunch/snack service was fast and very good. The pool area has a great splash pad spot for young kids. The only bummer is that you have to walk ALL the way to the back right side part of the immense pool area (and in my case that means carrying my two infants, two big kids following and my huge pool bag!). But it is great to have both a big pool and the splash pad right next to it with a ton of seating, making it easy to stay and relax in the same place all day. (Check the bar area for the refillable cup with one fee if you are staying more than one da, it saved us money and let us enjoy soda and tea)The maid service was thorough and quick each day-- as a mom with a messy room and needing a quick clean to be ready at any moment for naps, this is important. My only complaint both years in a row is the restaurant service at both restaurants. The food is mediocre and service is, although friendly and helpful, very slow no mater if the dining room is slow or busy. And for some reason this year, every time we went down to the smaller restaurant they asked us if we would sit at a high top. We have 8 people in our party, two of which are infants in high chairs so this seems obvious that that wouldn't work. Especially since we ate there at least 5 times during our stay and they kept asking the same question....infants can not sit at high top tables! Thankfully, Desert Ridge is right off the property so you can visit about 15 other restaurants or shopping if you would like to leave the property. Overall, we love it and the kids talk about it all year. We will be back next year if they have the same type special!
5	I used to work for this J.W. Marriott in room service and I really miss it.  The people that work here are great and the managers are down to earth and are genuine when it comes to caring about the employees and guests.  Great atmosphere, quality products, and caring service makes it a place you want to return to.
4	Great place to go with the family.  The major attraction is the lazy river. You can drop an innertube in the water and float around and around endlessly. The restaurants are actually quite good and the vista from the restaurants is really nice as well. If you like spas I highly recommend you visit the one here. They have great facials and massages. The entryway is jaw-dropping with a gigantic fallaway atrium and the lounge that overlooks a courtyard. Guestrooms are in pristine condition, and the housekeeping is on target.
5	Wife and I stayed here for several days. Such a wonderful resort and I can't say enough about the people!  The staff is fabulous and friendly.  Located right off the 101 and easy to get to anything.  Highly recommended!
5	After a 3200 mile road trip our last stop is PHX at the JW for some swimming and relaxing. By design we are here in the off-season, great rates and extras. The kids love the pools and lazy river. The rooms are very nice and customer service is outstanding.
5	Stayed 5 nights with the family while my wife attended a conference. Top notch customer service. Took advantage of the summer rates and stayed in a suite which was more than enough room for us (and probably bigger than my first apartment). Kids loved the pools. Especially the water slide and lazy river. Received a call from the front desk informing us that our 5 yr old daughter had been calling them from the bathroom phone...she wanted to know if they could leave more candy next time (turn down service). Next day, we received a tray of candy from "the candy lady" with a note thanking our little one for being such a good girl. Classy move. Great place to stay with family...hope to return!
5	Rooms are decent.. Kinda small.. Patio is great! Twenty6 is great for happy hour. Eat at Roy's if u have the chance.. Don't miss the pool! Lazy river is awesome too.. Lots of kids here, it's more if a family spot I guess. I wasn't impressed with either of the marriott owned restaurants at the hotel. Neither stoneground or merits he was worth it.. Roy's is not owned by marriott but was 10 times better
2	Had a Family weekend Parents,Sisters,Neices,Nephiew. I loved the whole place! The pool was amazing. Friday the kids played on a small water slide and Saturday the guy running it said my neice and nephiew couldnt go on it. Also on entering the pool we had our bags searched. 2,000 on our weekend trip im not that happy with this resort.
4	friendly & helpful staff. rooms aren't big & I was definitely disappointed with the "double size" beds instead of queens. bathrooms were good size & have a tub plus shower. restaurants are pricy but take advantage of happy hour prices normally between 3pm-6pm. pool area is the attraction: lazy river, 3 large pools, jacuzzi and water slide. all in all it was a good stay just not the 5 star experience I was looking for.
1	I had the worst experience at our stay.  We have been staying very summer for the past 10 years. Our kids grew up with our stay at the Marriott a family tradition   This year was a disaster.  Our room was supposedly an upgrade yet there was no separate glass shower as we had requested. The service at the pool was horrible. The waiter came by twice without our drinks.  We waited 45 min   Our room has a out dated tv that barely changes Chanel's. It's so frustrating. When u open the bathroom door it hits the closet and closes on the person trying to get through. The pool area is FILTHY with empty cups beer cans and trash. It smells like urine and vomit when you walk on the concrete.  The bathroom mirror looks like it hasn't been cleaned in months. The pool closes to early. There is nothing for adults to do after 10 pm it's like a senior citizen center closing down after 9 at night. Other resorts allow their guests to enjoy the facilities until midnight even all night at Hyatt at gainey ranch. I can honestly say I will never consider a stay at this resort again.  Poor service. Dirty property and outdated rooms. Very disappointed.
5	I would highly recommend the JW Marriott. The resort was spotless, "ALL" of the staff went out of their way to make your stay enjoyable.  The resort was so nice that at times you felt like you were in Hawaii (minus the ocean).  The only negative was our room had two double beds. They really should be queens as two adults in 1 bed is real squishy.  I usually stay at the Four Seasons and the JW Marriott far exceeded my expectations!
2	Not a good experience. Front desk staff was rude and not helpful, was surprised to see my Amex was charged for a additional night I didn't stay there.  Pool area nice, drinks are crazy expensive and kids rule the grounds. Spa is nice but like everything else, crazy expensive. 180 for a massage? Are you kidding me? I'm a platinum elite member at marriott and this had me seriously considering giving my money to the hilton hotels.
3	I stayed here years ago and loved it.  I did a staycation this last weekend and was not impressed with the front desk, they were rude and not helpful at all, as a local I would have expected better.  My room was not as clean as one would have expected, I had hair on the toilet and hair in the tub, you could have easily seen.  I was a little disappointed that nobody told me I could get a ride on a golf cart to my car, the parking was far away.  The restaurant food was great at Stonegrill, loved the breakfast.  I was surprised by all the kids running up and down the hallway in the mornings, wow.  I didn't even go to the spa, it is too pricy for me.
5	Stayed 3 nights and had a great experience. The pools, hot tubs, and lazy river are huge, and were not overly crowded. My room was very nice and had a giant restroom with a separate tub and shower. Stone grill is a great option for hotel dining and the poolside service was great. Not too pricey and very helpful and friendly staff. No major problems. ( although they did mess up our order at stonegrill) I'll be back!
5	By far one of our favorite resorts in Phoenix , clean , great service and they wait on you hand and foot .
5	i would like the spa package for christmas so i can get 8 massages a month from my favorite, Bryan Floyd. the best spa experience i've ever had. Bryan is the best. the amenities are great as well. we started the day with an AMAZING brunch. then we headed to our massage appointments. I told bryan about my recent car accident and back injury and he was able to take care of me ilke a champ. He worked out all sorts of little kinks.then we enjoyed the hot tub, sauna, steam room, and spa pool. we then used the shower and other amenities before finishing up for the day. would go back a million times.
2	Great "family" spot.  I mainly picked this place because of the lazy river and pools.  I can say this is great if you have kids, but not a fan of the service or pool rules.  Let me explain.I wanted to relax in the pool with my kids and family, but who can when kids are throwing footballs and even some 40 somethings think its cool so they take up the whole pool to throw footballs.  Not really relaxing in the pool when you are dodging footballs and whatever else they have.  I heard some other couples complaining to each other as they hugged the sides of the pool, but what can you do?  Its ok to do this here.  Another issue I had was slow service for drinks and food via the pool.  Even with a waiter we waited 20 minutes for our  drink order?  I ordered a blue moon so its not like it had to be mixed.  The food arrived 35 minutes later.  So even though I liked the pools, not the ball throwing and allowable horseplay.  Next be prepared to wait, both days I was in the pool was such a wait, that I had to order directly from the bar to get service.  Yes the Marriot gave me $100 to spend on food and drinks, but it was an inconvenience at the pool.Hope your stay is better, but I plan on staying at a relaxing resort next time.
5	Wonderful Resort. Something for everyone. We have enjoyed summer getaways, Mother's Day and birthday parties at this property and couldn't have asked for better time.
4	All can say is.... Wow!! We're here for our anniversary and I'm blown away, AND already trying to plan my next trip back. The rooms are gorgeous, always love to have a patio or some sort of outside verandah in your hotel room. The beds are so comfy with the most amazing pillows and comforter, I feel so spoiled being here. Sure, it's a tad expensive, but saving your pennies to come to a place like this is well worth it. Golf course, beautiful grounds, 4 restaurants, pool with lazy river and a slide. We did not being our kids this trip, but we would love to come back with them! They would love the pool area. Love the patio furniture every where, with the fire pits and everything over looking beautiful landscapes. Everyone, I mean EVERYONE who works here is so sweet and helpful and polite. Sometimes coming from LA I get nervous when people are so nice to you. I would give 5 stars, but only give 4 because of the price. We would get back here more often it was a bit cheaper. But hey, it's the JW, it was worth every penny!
1	If you do not have a gold or platinum card you will be place in the worst room. No view and pay for Internet use. Pass on this hotel.
3	Went to the Revive Spa today based on a Travel Zoo coupon I bought for a 50-minute massage and foot scrub. The reason I give it three and not five stars is because I think this spa is very corporate, stale and ordinary. It's like the people at JW Marriott all sat down in a room and said, "Hey! Let's have a spa and decorate it like our guest rooms. We'll hang a couple pictures on the wall and hope that housekeeping will make rounds every once in a while." What's more, there is basically one area to rest (or is it "revive?") inside, and it's in a large room with a bunch of chairs with uncomfortable decorator pillows. (How often are THOSE washed?) There were used paper cups and a scattering of trash at the tables. Not good. In addition, it was an unusually mild day in Phoenix, and there were a few blankets on the chairs that people were using for "nap time." However, I could not find any clean blankets, and I certainly was not going to use the ones that the other women had used. In addition, there are signs posted intermittently throughout the spa to talk quietly, but people avoid this request. There were so many people talking in the "quiet room," that I went ahead and left after my treatment. Quite honestly, I've been to numerous spas across Phoenix, and this spa does not provide a warm, inviting atmosphere to make patrons stay around and enjoy it. My male massage therapist, Bryan, did a good enough job, but the total spa experience did not meet my expectations.More than likely, I won't buy another voucher for this spa. Back to the Montelucia...
2	Recently celebrated my birthday at Roy's.Obviously the valet was too busy upon our arrival to open my door. Yes, I was the older woman who needed assistance on the drivers passenger seat. Then leaving all busy in personal conversation and on the phone.. No it was not busy... I almost had to open my own door again till one young man ran up to assist. For $10 ($5 after the validated tkt from Roy's), I expect more from the Marriott. Disappointing shameful service boys. Glad it was just myself and my daughter. I would have been embarrassed had I been with guests. Have not stayed at this Marriott. Camelback Inn is usually my choice. There the service is quality. Seriously felt like this was a two star hotel.After writing this I was quickly contacted by Marriott but after leaving themMy contact info. I never heard from them.Once again disappointing.
4	Went for Sunday brunch yesterday...sat on the patio outside. The food was very good, enjoyed all the option available for the omelettes. Had a great selection of baked goods, and even had gluten-free bagels and muffins!! Service was good, although I did not care for the "carafe" of Diet Coke I received along with my glass of soda. Soda goes flat quickly, so it was flat by the time I used what was in the carafe. Maybe works for non-carbonated drinks, but would suggest not using them.
5	My girlfriend and I have stayed here several times: always adding on the Griffin Club addition. We usually only stay one night, but try to get early check in and late check out to maximize our time/ experience. Every single time we have stayed here its be amazing. We always feel so welcomed, almost like royalty with how incredible the service is. The most recent time we stayed it was our anniversary, and Paul Sipp and Kayla McCracken along with all the other staff in the Griffin Club made our experience so incredible. They personally set us up a white tablecloth personal table outside on the patio with some snacks, drinks and cards just for us. It was so amazing and made our anniversary that much more magical.We plan on trying to come back at least once a month, just because of the service. I high recommend this hotel solely on the service of the Griffin Club. In addition the hotel rooms, grounds, pools, beds, everything is superb quality.
5	Had it not been for the Illuminations Half Marathon http://www.yelp.com/biz/illuminations-half-arizona-phoenix, I would have never known...never known that set amidst the majestic Sonoran Desert and surrounded by the beautiful McDowell Mountains--rows upon prickly rows of saguaro cacti maintaining their century-old vigils--sits JW Marriott's spectacular Desert Ridge Resort.People golf here, it seems.  I mean, the Marriott shoulders two championship golf courses, ones designed in part by Arnold Palmer, and they look seriously cool...if you're a golfer.  I'm not.  In fact, I hate golfing.  Rather, I came here to run.  And these courses, illuminated for the Half Marathon with hundreds and hundreds of glowsticks, were great fun nonetheless--beautiful, even after sundown.The amenities at the Marriott--lazy river, heated pools, spa, fitness center, tennis courts (to name a few)--were impressive.  And although I hadn't the time to explore them--my stay was short--I took notice, traveling about the resort, snapping a few shots.  Next time--and I'm sure there'll be a next time--I'll give them a try.  What was nice, though, was simply waking early, grabbing a Peppermint Mocha from the in-house Starbucks, and sitting outside, fire pit cozy.  I love mornings!  And in Phoenix, it seems, some golfers enjoy mornings too.
5	I really wish I could give more stars!Perfect 20 year anniversary celebration thanks to the Marriot!They have excellent client service coordinators with serve with a genuine smile, the rooms are extraordinary, and our meal at Roys was to DIE for!Thank you Marriot, for making our 20 year celebration so memorable.
5	I needed a hotel close to Phoenix station and was very happy with the price I paid for a room at the JW Marriott Phoenix Desert Ridge Resort & Spa. The foyer is big and beautiful. The rooms are spacious, very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a little small it would be a little cramped for two, but for one it was more than adequate. The bed was very comfortable, I even felt like I was in a fairly deluxe room. Most of the staff were very friendly although the guys dealing with the luggage storage were a little busy - most were helpful, although one Steve was not as friendly as he could have been. I would definitely return on my next stay in Phoenix for something that is in a safe area and so close to Grand Central, plus just around the corner from all the wonders of Madison and Fifth Avenues.
5	I met my boyfriend while he was on business this past weekend in Phoenix.  We had a wonderful stay, cannot say enough good things about the friendly staff and beautiful grounds. The pools were very warm (expected in the desert heat) and a lot of kids splashing around, but this was expected and did not dampen our stay. We were happy with the restaurant options and prices especially the happy hours. The room was very clean and the offering of guest laundry was extremely helpful during his two week business trip. We would definitely consider coming back on a return visit.
4	The hotel is beautiful, modern but not over the top. Quick, fast and friendly service. Rooms were beautiful, pool was great and location was really good when you do not have a car to get around, I felt safe walking at night.
5	Our family of 4 really liked the start of our Phoenix. The cool style of the hotel and area made you feel the heartbeat of the city. The rooms were modern,comfortable and clean, and the public areas/pool were well designed and chic. The outdoor area of La Live was also fun to just look around and have a bite to eat. Staff was friendly and helpful, except for breakfast where they were a bit aloof.
4	Room is very large, Good because it was within walking distance from the nearest station. Cospa cheaper than I've stayed in late June I thought also fee was very good.
