4	Really enjoyed Herben Legend last night at Uptown Chow Down Festival.I had the Shawarma with amazing marinated chicken, tzatziki, mint,and  tabouli it was a party in my mouth. Seriously it was the best thing I ate at the festival (including the cupcake!) Unfortunately they also had one of the worst things I have eaten- asian glazed duck wings. Where was the meat? It was like sinewy skin on bone. There was one part that was just a big chunk of fat on top of a bare bone- yuck. It was served on top of some slaw that was heavily seasoned with cinnamon (really needed acid-lemon, vinegar - anything) the slaw was pretty bad as well and one of my fellow yelpers couldn't even swallow it. Next time I go I will absolutely run to get that delicious sandwich !@herban_legend ( Twitter)
4	Tried this truck at Uptown Chown Down as well and told them that if they could hook me up with a heaping helping of tzatziki sauce, they could have my business.  The last time I ate shawarma, I was in Israel...needless to say, I had high expectations.  For any you wondering what shwarma is, just a fancy (and middle eastern) name for Arabic grilled chicken.  The chicken was tender and well seasoned.  The taboule had a perfect balance of parsley and lemon and they did deliver that promise of tzatziki.  Met my expectations, which is nice because it's easier to get to this truck than Israel next time...
4	"Yay! I'm a fan." My first meal from Herban Legend was served during an event I coordinated for my job back in October. I had the chicken curry wrap, which was oh-so flavorful and delicious! Since then, Chef Seeley has been serving up regular lunches and dinners on Thursdays. He now has a new stop...bringing meals to the South Park crowd by setting up at Pfeiffer University off of Park Road in the back parking lot on Thursday nights. You can also find him at Innovation Park and near Johnson & Wales University. His menu consists of regular burgers, black bean burgers (for the veggie lovers), and shawarmas (just to name a few) and then depending on the week he'll offer different specials. His fries are too tempting and generously seasoned. The prices are very reasonable (starting at $6) and already includes tax...you cannot get a better deal! While cash is preferred, he does accept credit cards. When you see this giant blue truck, you'll definitely want to stop and get a meal. You'll receive friendly service as well!
4	Yum! My boyfriend & I tried out this truck last night at the Holiday Food Truck Rally.  He had the cuban sandwich & french fries.  I of course, had to taste them both.  I had never had a cuban sandwich before, so I had nothing to compare it to. This was very tasty! It had the right amount of ingredients & the bread was pressed. SOOO good. The fries were cooked perfectly, they were crisp & hot.They have some other offerings, which I would have loved to sample quite a few things. :D I will definitely be looking out for them in future food truck events.The staff was very friendly & the wait time from ordering to getting food was minimal.  The prices are reasonable, too.
4	Last night, my bf and I finally got to make it to one of the Chow Down events.  We wanted to make our rounds and try some new eats. Their black bean burger is craveworthy. Nice soft bun, yogurt based sauce? and a pico de gallo/ salsa which added a nice earthy freshness. I am at my desk now wishing I could get a bite. We will definitely continue to support these guys.
4	I've been meaning to score some goods from Herban Legend for a while now and I'm so happy I ran in to (not literally) their food truck off of South Blvd near Icehouse! I parked my car and, because of the chilly temps and blustery winds, was nearly knocked over on my way to order! I perused the menu for a few moments, chatted with the owner and decided on the Sicilian chicken panini. He kindly offered to bring my sandwich to my car upon its completion so I didn't have to wait out in the cold. How nice! I paid via Square Up and 5 minutes and $6 later, I was on my way home, sandwich in hand.The panini did not disappoint! It was toasty, stuffed with chunks of chicken, tomatoes, scallions, creamy feta, spicy sauce (albeit a touch heavy), and a few other veggies mixed in. It was a super flavorful, hearty lunch. I'm looking forward to trying more!
5	For food truck fare - The Herban Legend was the best I have had to date.  And on the night of the NoDa food truck rally in mid-February, I "gorged" on three different food truck vendors.  I also like that The Heban Legend has a speaker system playing out some jams while you wait for your food.My favorite was the Chicken Shawrma, complete with tabbouleh and deliciously marinated chicken.  Even though the New York Times likes to diss truffle oil used on food, the Parmesan Truffle Fries were awesome.I didn't have room left for the Sri Lankan curry, but that is definitely happening next time I get the chance to enjoy The Herban Legend's food.
4	Chanced by this truck the other day while driving back home with bread from Amelie's and decided to give it a shot.  the truck was parked right outside of NODA Brewing Co.I settled on the muffaletta sandwich and the fish and chips to take home for me, my wife, and our little one to share.The muffaletta was pretty good, but it was made into a pressed panini-tye of sandwich.  I'm still looking for a good NOLA Central Grocer style muffaletta up north (north of NOLA, that is) and so far Jason's Deli comes the closest.  But still, the Herban Legend version was a tasty sandwich.The fish and chips, on the other hand, were awesome.  Probably the best I've had in Charlotte, and that includes the Crepe Cellar.In addition, the people running the truck were very friendly and cool, and were willing to recommend their favorite dishes, which always helps (don't you hate it when the staff at a restaurant are ambivalent about the menu choices?).I'm looking forward to trying this truck again before too long.
4	Herban Legend offers some great handheld choices for the hungry person who doesn't mind eating standing up.  We tried a number of things at the NoDa truck rally. I was excited to try the black bean burger with homemade salsa, black pepper and other goodies on top, but I was allergic to cilantro which was not only in the salsa but also inside the burger, so I only had one bite. However, that one bite was flavorific and I was bummed I didn't get to have the whole thing.  I had the Chicken Shawerma which also was incredibly flavorful - very spicy, but in a Moroccan way, not an " I would pay a million dollars for a glass of milk" way.  It actually filled me up more quickly than I would have guessed and I liked the flatbread it was on - not exactly a pita and was a little grilled. I didn't get to try the truffled french fries because they had run out, so I assume they were great.  My only complaint? There's a nice lady who roams around collecting orders outside the truck and goes in/out of the truck for change. I actually think it's an inefficient way to do it compared with say Roots, which has a table/station where you clearly line up to place orders. A moving target creates chaos and hurt feelings about who's actually next in line. Plus it doesn't help expedite ordering going to/fro.  Also they also had samples or full sizes of gingerbread bread pudding. I tried the sample, and was glad I didn't get the full size. Not because it was bad, but because it was cold. Hmph.  Bottom line? They don't skimp on flavor so I will definitely eat from them again!
5	Good stuff.I had to look to find it as the truck  was hidden behind a bar in Elizabeth, but the wife and I are quite glad we did. It's a two person operation, the chef and his sister, but thankfully there was no line and quick service.We shared fries, which were, well.... fries.  Nothing particularly special there.  But then the sandwiches, the delicious, taste-bud pleasuring sandwiches!  I had the chicken shawarma, and it was so beautifully seasoned, with all the meet and veggies and sauce evenly spread throughout the flatbread (think, lightly toasted, thicker than a wrap, thinner than a pita).  It was simply spectacular.  Unfortunately, my wife had the black bean burger.  I say unfortunately because she is now convinced that she wants to be a vegetarian.  It was evidently that damn good.What else?  prices are great, particularly for the quality of the food.  The folks were super pleasant, since we were the only customers we spent a bunch of time talking with them about good eats in Charlotte.  The ambience, obviously, depends on the location.  We were at a bar which was nice as we could have a tipple to quench our watering-mouths.Highly, highly recommended!
5	This truck makes getting out of bed on Wednesday totally worth it. The Parm fries, delicious. The black been burger, OMG, YUM! And the staff is amazing. I love you guys, as does everyone at my office. If you see this truck please please please by from them, you won't regret it.
4	I finally got my first taste of The Herban Legend Friday at the food truck rally in Southend. It was worth the wait. They were slammed. The Fish & Chips was already sold out so I went for the Shawarma. That is a great wrap. Good flavors, a little bit of spice. Really tasty. My wife got the cheese burger and loved it. I tried that too and enjoyed it. There are plenty of other items on the menu that I'm looking forward to trying on my next visit.
5	We ran into Herban Legend outside of Birdsong brewery and had to try out some of the stuff from the menu! The Parmesan truffle fries were delicious but the chorizo tostada was absolutely incredible! I also got to try the black bean burger and the fried green tomato grilled cheese. All of the flavors were incredible and the prices were excellent! This is definitely one of the best food trucks I have tried so far!
5	This truck stops by Gateway Village on thursdays like clockwork.  I eat there on Thursdays like clock work.  At first the menu was semi-tame, but each week it seems to add complexity or unique food.The food is excellent and flavorful, but rotates every single week.  There are a couple of items that stay on the menu like the black bean burger and french fries, but most things are that week only or on the menu every few weeks.  Today my choice was the Mojo Pork and Chorizo tostado with salsa and guacamole.  Big flavors.  Don't skip the french fries here either, because they are made to order and come out hot with seasoning.If this truck stops at your work or your bar, go out and see what the menu is and pick something.  You shouldn't be disappoointed.
5	Have been checking out the local trucks recently, of the 5 I have triedthis is the best. Creative menu, well seasoned, and I second Chester'sthought on the shawarma, and the prices seem better than the others.I finished my shawarma, and started to drive away, it was so good I drove a few blocksback to get another..... can't remember the last time I did that....
5	The food truck's become such a big thing in the Queen City. The biggest, baddest, tastiest, most mouth-watering food truck of them all is the Herban Legend.I work at Gateway Village, which, if you work there, you know that your lunch choices pretty much suck ass. There's only so much Subway you can endure, the Chik-Fil-A is a to-go spot (essentially 1/4 the entire menu, and pretty crappy), and the Cedar Street Tavern's food is criminally awful. On Thursdays, however, gastronomic salvation comes in the form of a sky blue truck with some daring takes on the traditional sandwich/burger fare.Loved that Chef Brian made mention of the Shwarma, "as seen in 'The Avengers'." Because I was craving their shwarma, so deliciously marinated in all kinds of Arabic spices. But the pork and chorizo tostada, something new on the menu, sounded intriguing.HOLY MOLY...ESPECTACULAR! The pork and chorizo was soaked in mojo, and spiced just right, the tostada crispy just like they should be. Unbeeeeeeeleeevable!If you're willing to stray from the boring and give your taste buds a gastronomical workout, give the Herban Legend a try. I just learned the HL truck will be at Toringdon on Fridays. I live 10 minutes from Toringdon, and I work from home Fridays. Guess where I'm having lunch?
3	Stopped for a bite to eat the food truck rally in South End last evening.  There were  four food trucks at the rally: Herban Legend, a cupcake truck, Goody Woody's (tacos, burritos), and Sticks and Cones (ice cream).  I was told Herban Legend is currently one of Charlotte's most popular food trucks, so I went with them.This truck serves sandwiches, wraps, burgers, and hot dogs.  Most items are in the $6-8 range.  Sides run up to $5 each and non-alcoholic beverages are $1 each.  No combos.  Everything's ordered a la carte.  There's a bit of diversity on the menu -- you can get a French dip, like one of my buddies got, a Cuban sandwich, tostada, curry chicken wrap, and fish and chips.I went with the shawarma, which is an Arab wrap, for $6.50.  This is one of the truck's top sellers.  I've had my fair share of shawarmas and thought Herban Legend's version was OK.  Theirs includes grilled chicken, Greek tzatziki sauce, tabouleh salad (cold minty salad made with bulgur and parsley), chopped tomatoes and french fries wrapped in flat bread.The flat bread was grilled so it was hard and brittle.  This caused the wrap to break apart easily once I grabbed the sucker to bite into it.  It was packed with a sufficient amount of ingredients and plenty of sauce, so much so that the sauce was spilling all over the place as I ate.  Overall, it was satisfying, though I'd probably prefer softer bread and it'd be cool if they had some meat options like other shawarma joints offer.I also ordered a side of Herban's truffle fries, which at $5, is pretty expensive for a side of fries.  They've also got regular fries for $2-3 and honestly, I tried both, and the truffle fries weren't worth the five bucks.  Both styles of fries were alright.  One order of fries is good for 2-3 people.If I ever get the chance to revisit this truck, I'll probably order the fried green tomato grilled cheese sandwich.  Someone in our group last night ordered this and she loved it.Beverage options were limited: Coke, Sprite, and bottled water.  The good thing about food trucks is you can BYOB.Fast and friendly service.  Credit cards are accepted at a 25 cent surcharge.  You sign your receipt on their iPhone and can get the receipt texted or emailed to you.
5	The Herban Legend catered our wedding on May 5, 2012.  He did such an excellent job.  The food truck was a big hit with all of our guests, and the freshness, qualify, and taste of the food The Herban Legend prepared was exceptional.  It was a buffet service, of some of his typical menu items, customized based on our requests for our guests taste.  He prepared:- Mixed green salad with tomato, cucumber, red onion, carrot and an apple cider vinaigrette ;- Grilled chicken with a lemon; and,- buerre blanc garnished with tomato and scallion compote wild riceSouthern green beans with honey pecan butter Many of our guests will now seek out his food truck, now that they know the qualify and fun involved in eating his wares.  Hat's off to the Herban Legend!
5	Hands down, the best food from a food truck that I have had in Charlotte!  The wife and I met a group of friends at World of Beer and we were lucky enough that The Herban Legend was parked outside serving food.  We split the chicken shawarma and mango fish tacos, both of which had awesome flavors.  Definitely some fresh ingredients handled with care and expertise.  Also tried some of their truffle fries that other people bought and those were great too.The only drawback was waiting outside in near 100 degree heat, but the guys in the truck were working under the same conditions, so who am I to complain.  Will definitely be following them around in the future as I believe that they change up their menu periodically.
5	I had the cheech and chonga tonight at Noda brewing and it was awesome.  The chonga is a pork tenderloin burrito with collards, rice, chicherones and some kind of mildly spicy sauce.  Great flavor and I especially like the preparation as the burrito did not crumble as I ate it and kept all the yummy ingredients together.  At 8$, you may think that it's pricey, but there is enough food for two people to share.  I, however, decided to eat it all by myself!
2	I'm a little hesitant to give The Herban Legend a mere two stars, since everybody else seems to love them so much. However, if two stars really equates with "Meh, I've experienced better," then two stars is what they've earned.We've just been to The Herban Legend once, and I was pretty amped up about it, given the positive responses they've had. Unfortunately, I was quite let down. I ordered the Cuban sandwich, and it was thoroughly dry. More mustard would have helped, but only a bit, since the meat and the bread were both like sawdust. We split an order of truffle fries as well: the first few were tasty, but the truffle oil quickly got overwhelming, and we didn't finish them.Will I give The Herban Legend another try? Well, I don't know. I usually like to give restaurants a second shot unless the experience was truly horrific, and The Herban Legend wasn't quite that bad. However, the problem with a food truck is that you usually get your food and scoot, which means you can't send it back if it's bad. After spending nearly $20 on a couple lackluster sandwiches and a single order of disappointing fries, I don't know that I'm motivated to try them again.
5	Your black bean burger is incredible!  It's gotta kick but I love it!
3	The Herban Legend is ok. Not great, not the worst I've had in Charlotte, but ok.Stopped by during one of the Chow Down Uptown nights recently, since they're all the buzz. A got a Cuban and I ordered a shwarma, since I seem to be subconsciously developing a thing for Arabic and Mediterranean food. We also split some truffle fries.The shwarma wasn't bad. The meat was a bit dry (had that heat lamp texture), but the yogurt sauce didn't really revitalize it - it soaked the pita and made for quite the mess. I feel fortunate we found a table and I wasn't trying to eat my dissolving sandwich standing up. The fries were good (who doesn't love truffle fries?), but the truffle oil and salt seemed to really soak in to the bottom layers - nature of the beast I guess?All things considered, it was decent and I can clearly see their popularity. If I run into them again, I will try them in less crowd-swarming conditions before I render a final verdict.
4	Me lovey me some Herban Legend. I'm a shawarma girl...I'm not really a fan of spicy food but I happily make an exception for this wrap of Mediterranean flavor explosion. I did try the parmesean fries during my last visit and based on the consistent fabulousness of the wrap, maybe I expected more but left with an 'eh feeling. Get there early, the good stuff goes fast.
4	Went to their Uptown stake-out recently (right by Chima) and had the Black Bean Burger and Israeli Cousous. Both were great, and the Israeli Couscous was generously sized, even though I got the small. Good flavors all around, and the dude running the place seem very cool. I told all of my coworkers about this place (many are vegetarian and often looking for good veggie fare in Uptown). If I only knew when they would be around (those pesky mobile food trucks!!!), I'd been visiting for lunch much more often.
4	Finally got a chance to grab some grub from Herban Legend this week! Seen these guys around town, at festivals and food truck rallies, but hadn't had the pleasure of checking them out. They were camped out next to NoDa Brewing one evening and it was just perfect. Beer and a food truck. Modern pb&j. The prices are waaaaayyyy cheaper than I thought they were going to be. Ended up getting the tarragon chicken soup (I had a bit of a cold), a black bean burger and some seasoned fries. All for about $19.The black bean burger was one of the most unique I've had in town. Where the burger itself had a less than desirable texture, the flavors were great. There had to be some sort of sriracha or chili cream sauce on it. The spice was great and all of the flavors worked very well together. The tarragon chicken soup was awesome. Flavorful broth, but not overpowered by tarragon, with huge portions of chicken and rice. I was a happy camper with my soup opening a can of whoopass on my cold. Take that, winter! Also, much to my glorious surprise, it came with a half sammy. Just a simple grilled cheese, but it was so good. The fries: just great. That is all. Didn't need ketchup. Another perk is that you can pay with Square on an iPad. The fact that you add a tip and sign yourself is much more intuitive for a food truck. Glad to see so many people have adopted this method. I'm looking forward to the next time I get to sample the fare from Herban Legend.
2	Not very impressed, especially for the price. All of their items sound great when reading about them on the menu - but then you order it and it's disappointing. I had their sliders which were WAY overcooked, even though I emphasized medium, and just lacking flavor. I gave them another shot this week and was equally disappointed with the schnitzel served on a bretzel roll. The pork was so generic, no flavor at all... The food is not bad... it's just lackluster food that I could make significantly better at home for a fraction of the cost.
5	I wish Herban Legend would drive by my house everyday playing an ice cream truck esque tune.  I dream of running out of my house chasing the truck to get some more of their awesome food. I ran into Herban legend at Triple C brewery. I showed very late and almost everything was sold out, except for the best damn thing on their menu.  Antelope Venison skewers and some pita things with a cream cheese like substance, olive oil, and more venison.  The skewers were massive.  The meat was so tender and juicy.  The pairing with pitas underneath were perfect.  Unfortunately is what the most expensive thing on their menu, but for $12 it was priced just right for me.  If i see this truck again, I will throw spike strips down and jump in front of this mofo. Or I probably could just ask them if I could exchange currency for food.
5	The food tonight was awesome as always! Duck tacos and Venison kabobs rocked
4	The Doner Kalbob in a pita was delicious I like lamb if it is not gamey personal preference.  It was perfect and really enjoyed the hummus and cucumbers.  I would definitely recommend and try some of their other creations.
4	I love the HL, they are always my fall back option at the Food Truck Fridays if I don't see something that I want more. The shwarma is usually spot on. Good ratio of meat to bread to sauce, although sometimes they have a tendency to over sauce just a little which makes shoving it in the face a little more of a messy proposition.  The truffle fries, which are always on the menu are good, but I don't love them, so I don't usually get them unless I can split them with someone.  Anyway, it's a great food truck run by awesome peeps, so I hope they keep hanging around.  And they also bump the best tunes during the rallies, so they deserve the support for that reason alone!
4	My sister brought me to the Food Truck Friday event while I was in town.  The Herban Legend was the first truck I saw and the menu had me drooling so of course I stopped here.  They were having a mac and cheese special that night with bacon and black pepper (I think there was roasted garlic as well, but I'm having trouble remembering for some reason).  I realized when I went to pay that I didn't have cash, but thankfully they accepted credit cards through Square.  After a few minutes, my food was ready and I had a piping hot order of mac and cheese in front of me.  The bacon was super smokey and lent it's smokiness to the whole dish and the pepper added a nice bite.  Their sauce was nice and creamy and clung to the pasta.  It was an incredibly good meal and the price seemed fair for the amount of food I got.  I'll definitely be going back to Food Truck Friday to seek them out again.
5	I left my office building to go grab standard lunch fare at some restaurant, but never made it to my car as I noticed a mob of people huddled around a blue truck. BEST grilled cheese sandwich. I hope they come back soon. What a treat! Amazing food and friendly service.
5	I love this food truck, the black bean burger is out of this world!
5	I literally stumbled on this food truck, yes I was not looking where I was going!  Good thing I am clumsy - and one more pun, I have FALLEN in love!  I have officially reached my limit of bad puns for the day - this place is a winner - the pork/chorizo tostada was heavenly.  Right amount of heat, nice portion and all the flavors melted together for a tasty lunch.  Will definitely look where I am going from now on and keep an eye out for this truck.
5	Oh man... This place may have served up some of the best food we've had in Charlotte. We caught up with them at Food Truck Friday. Rain or shine, these guys are there. They said that they have only missed one Friday since it started. We got the Surf and Turf burrito ($10). It was filled with coffee seared steak & baja shrimp w/ guac, cheese, chimichurri, chipotle sauce and fries. The steak was tender and flavorful. All the fillings complimented each other really well. It was a flavor party in my mouth! There was a lot going on but it was excellent. I can't wait to try more from these guys.
2	This time around was not as good...in fact it was actually pretty bad.The insanely over-priced truffle Parmesan fries were dead limp...old-tasting...lacking Parmesan and had ZERO hint of truffle...at $5 for a side, no thanks. The black bean burger is an insult to burgers...this was a pile of black bean mush . While it had a ton of (good) flavor, it was not very appealing to eat soggy bread with mushy black bean sandwiched in between.For an $11 burger and fry combo it just did not even come close to hitting the mark for me.
5	Herban Legend is our food truck go to!
3	Ate Herban Legend for the first time today at lunch.  Overall the food was good.  My only complaint would be the portion size for the money.  I am a frequent customer of other Charlotte food trucks and I am used to getting pretty large portion sizes.  For example: The Tin Kitchen will serve you two good size tacos as well as a side (salad, chips & salsa, rice, etc.) for the same price as you will get at the Herban Legend.  It's convenient that they park outside of our building, however I may consider heading down the street a few min to get some Tin Kitchen the next time so I can get more for my money.
3	I don't mean to be a grumpy reviewer here amongst obviously a sea of 5 star reviews. And I am going to be very honest up front that the person who took my order was EXTREMELY friendly and nice, she even gave me advice between he two items I was choosing to order.How it works here is that they take your order in front of the truck, then the order is handed to one of the personnel inside the truck and they call your name when your item is ready.I picked Herben Legend to be the first food truck to sample because it seemed like it had the shortest line amongst entree serving trucks. Therefore, I think my review is quite fair since I did not have any other trucks to compare the food to. I was gravitated towards this truck as well because of the eclectic ethnic choices on the menu board. American, Vietnamese, Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, Mexican! I ordered the Mojo beef tostada and I was not impressed. I was not the only person who sampled the item, my cousin also had some of my food. Neither one of us liked it very much. After I lifted up my fried tortilla bowl like chip, there was an inch of red grease on the bottom of the paper plate...I also thought the presentation of the food could have been a bit well thought out, it was hard figuring out how to eat it. A pile of pulled beef with lemon zest and avocado piled on top of a big tortilla chip. The flavor was a bit too greasy and sour for my taste. I will definitely give Herben Legend another try, it could be that I just ordered the wrong item or I caught them on a busy day. The fried green tomato provolone sandwich(the other item I was choosing to order) sounded extremely tempting!
4	I had a great opportunity to grab me one of The Herban Legend's (legendary) chicken shawarma at one of Charlotte's Food Truck Fridays. Unfortunately I haven't explored the rest of the menu so can't say much else about it but the shawarma was great. The Herban Legend certainly lives up to their name by incorporating some great tasting fresh herbs and spices. The flavor of the shawarma was much more complex than any other shawarma I'm used to so although I was surprised, it was a pleasant surprise. Although good I'm not necessarily dying to try it again, I think on my next go (and there will be a next go) I'll be exploring some of the other items on the menu.
3	I recently tried the Herban Legend fare during Food Truck Friday. The line to order my food was short and the staff was super friendly. I only had to wait maybe 8 minutes for my food to be ready even though they seemed to be a bit busy. I ordered the Ham and Gruyere Pretzel sandwich and thought that it was just OK. The pretzel seemed a little hard and rubbery for some reason. Perhaps it was the cheese that had melted to the pretzel? It may be because it was... microwaved? Not too sure. Other than that, the sandwich and fries were fine. I would definitely order from the food truck again but I probably would not order the same sandwich again. I've heard plenty of great reviews of Herban Legend from other peeps so I'll try something else again next time!
4	I loved the experience even though I probably ordered the wrong menu item. I got the curry chicken salad wrap.  It sounded great with chicken, grapes and curry along with a few other ingredients.  It was a bit much curry for me but the next time I may try the shawarma.  All in all it was a terrific experience, they take cards and are really friendly!
4	The white truffle oil and parmesan frites are to die for............
5	Love their black bean burger..must try menu item :P
5	Shawarma! Shawarma! Shawarma! This is a moving target - so follow them on twitter or on their website to see where they will be. We caught them in Uptown on a Thursday and had some amazing Shawarma and Israeli Cous Cous.https://twitter.com/herban_legendFood trucks have come a long way - I remember living in my hometown of Los Angeles when the birth of the gourmet food trucks happened and social media especially twitter propelled them into the spotlight - it was great to see the rebirth of something that had long been considered a last ditch option for lunch.This food truck offers some great choices and is often paired with the Cup Cake Delirium coach - for dessert. The Shawarma is like 7 bucks and it is SO YUMTASTIC.
5	I don't pass out 5-stars very often but the black bean veggie burger I had from this black was incredible. Herban Legend parks off Morehead most Wednesdays and I was able to get there around noon with no line. I have yet to meet food truck operators that weren't friendly and enthusiastic and the folks in the herbal legend were no different.For $6.50 I had perhaps the best veggie burger I've ever had: Patty of black beans, red bell peppers and onion. Topped with Pepper Jack cheese, salsa, arugula and chipotle aioli. Everything about it was fantastic the price, the size, the bun, the texture and flavor of the burger, the salsa, the aioli. It is very rare that I do not complain about some part of a veggie/black bean burger but something about this burger got me.I haven't had a chance to sample more of the Herban Legend but something tells me I'll certainly be back!
5	Herban Legend was at Triple C Brewery one night... Ok... You have to try the Shawarma. Really it is that good. And I am pretty skeptical.My only knowledge of Shawarma before was a reference I saw to it in The Avengers Movie. The crew tell me that Shawarma make up more than half of their food sales.You have to try this it is that awesome!
5	These guys are back uptown after a long break, on 6th and tryon alternating Wednesdays. Check them out if you haven't yet - I guarantee it's better than anything else you're eating for lunch uptown. Had the chicken shawarma - juicy and incredibly flavorful, and this coming from someone who hardly eats chicken bec it's so often bland. Also had a side of the Israeli couscous - had a curry flavoring with veggies. Seriously tasty!
5	This food truck is awesome. The black bean burger is absurdly delicious and flavorful and filing... It's huge! The parm truffle fries are great too. I've eaten there twice while they park at triple c brewery on Thursday, last night they were closing up as we got there but they graciously stayed open a little late to cook me a burger! They're awesome.
