3	As we drove by the QT and it's grubby little strip mall on Cactus near Cave Creek Road, I noticed a sign for a new restaurant, Noodle & Rice. For the next few days many coupons for it turned up on various sites including Restaurant.com.  Given such an aggressive marketing campaign, we had to give it a try. Armed with our coupons, we arrived at lunch time. It's a small place with a total of about twelve tables and booths. Make sure you get a booth, because the chairs are deadly uncomfortable. The plastic faux brick black wall and institutional gray paint give the place a kind of depressing air, lightened only by the turquoise banquettes and some leftover prints of Italian food on one wall. However, our server had a pleasant smile, and the menu showed promise.     Noodle & Rice is an Asian restaurant, serving Thai, Japanese, and Chinese food. The prices at lunch are so reasonable we didn't even need to use our coupons. There are 22 entrees that can be had for $3.95, but for another $2 you can add an egg roll, soup, and a drink. I suggest you do this, because the hot and sour soup is one of the best I've had, and the egg roll is delicious too. China Mist iced tea is served here, and if you opt for hot tea you have your choice of several different kinds, served in a cute little teapot and matching cup. I opted to get chow mein noodles instead of white rice for an extra fifty cents, and I'm glad I did, because they were right up there with the hot and sour soup. Actually they outshone my entree of pad prik with beef and vegetables in a spicy brown sauce, because the beef was a little on the tough side, although still quite flavorful. Ken had shrimp in lobster sauce. The shrimp were properly cooked and the sauce was good, but, not being a green pepper lover, he thought there were too many on the plate. Oddly, at the end of our meal, we were not given fortune cookies.     There are lots of things I want to try when we return. Appetizers include pot stickers ($3.95), and chicken satay ($5.95). Tom Yum and Tom Kar soup (which has coconut milk in it) are both $3.50/$4.95. I love Tonkatsu sauce, so I may go for the chicken ($5.95). Panang Noodles ($6.95) are crispy wide rice noodles served with chicken or beef in a curry and coconut milk sauce. The most expensive thing on the menu is soft shell crab with either black pepper or curry powder at $10.95  A little less are two fried talapia (sic) dishes, one with Thai herbs, peppers, eggplant and basil, the other with a curry sauce sprinkled with minced kaffir lime leaves and fresh chili (both $8.95. Happily there's Thai iced coffee and tea, and for dessert green tea or coconut pineapple ice cream.    Give it a try, with prices like these you don't have much to lose.
4	Service: Excellent. This a small establishment and our hostess/server took great care of us. If you have a second beverage already on the table before I finish my first, you are doing it right.Food: Fantastic. I've only tried the Mongolian Beef, Sesame Chicken and Crab Wontons, but I was impressed, especially considering the price. The menu looks to be quite varied and interesting; all dishes can be served with beef, chicken or tofu and a side of steamed rice, fried rice or noodles. They are very vegetarian friendly.Price: Excellent! I spent $8 and walked away very satisfied. At $6 an entree this is very affordable.Appearance/Location: Meh. Now I don't really care about these sorts of things, with food as good as theirs, but it is in an awkward, aging strip mall facing away from the street. It's a good thing the QT is right next door, or I never would have seen the joint.Summary: I will be going back and bringing friends.
4	Text book "Hole in the Wall" Restaurant.We started off with a appetizer of some delicious Crab Rangoons with sweet and sour sauce.I ordered the Pad Tai on the premise that I was in the mood for something peanut-y, and while I discovered that Pad Tai isn't really my cup of tea, I could tell that this was probably a Pad Tai lover's dream dish.  Plenty of sprouts, big chunks of scrambled egg, large pieces of chicken, a pile of ground peanut stuff to mix in, and shredded cabbage and eggplant on the side to mix in as well.  It was also a literal mountain of noodles.  All for 7 dollars.I tried a piece of my friend's Sesame Chicken and it was absolutely delicious.Everything on the menu can be had with Chicken, Beef, Veggie, or Tofu, there might be Pork too, but I don't remember, sorry.Also oddly enough, they have free WiFi.Overall, prices on everything were great especially considering the heaping portion of cuisine you actually get.  Will definitely be going back.
2	Decent Thai food, skip the rest of the menu. Pad Thai was really good but opt for tofu and stay away from anything that has beef or chicken in it.  I'm not sure where they get there meat from but its absolutely horrible with a very strong gamey/rotten taste. That is most likely why the food is really cheap. Aside from that the service is great and the thai iced coffee and tea are good.
4	DH & I went to Noodle & Rice last night, and enjoyed it. We ordered the hot and sour soup, which was average, panang noodle, which were good, green curry fried rice, was good, and the pad prik, which was average. Overall, we had a great experience, service was wonderful! We had plenty leftover for lunch today. We used a $10 restaurant.com certificate and our total cost was $13 + plus tip. Great value, dinner and lunch.
5	Yes, fellow Yelpers it only took EIGHT YEARS but I finally found a place in the Valley that rivals the Thai spots back in Chicago!  Now, this is not an upscale place, they're trying to do the best they can with this location, but it's really a bad spot.  There's been so many restaurants in and out of this space in a rather dumpy strip mall I can only pray this one makes it as this is the best Thai we've found in Arizona.Started off with chicken satay and hot & sour soup.  The satay was quite good though dark meat and unskewered, with killer peanut sauce.  The hot & sour soup was good, though my buddy said it needed more sour to it.   I ordered my favorite Pad CU and it was sublime.  My buddy's Pad Kee Mao was also fantastic we were stuffed when we left with our take-away boxes (YAY!! Thai for lunch tomorrow!!).All that and two Diet Cokes came out to $27...with the $10 Restaurant.com coupon we felt like we were stealing...We told our very friendly server that the restaurant reminded us of the Chicago Thai spots and she said her husband was the cook and he's from Chicago.
5	Absolutely everything you expect a hole in the wall place to be. Perfect service and amazing food!! We will go back and very highly recommend it to others.  The restaurant is very clean and there are many different choices on the menu for meat and vegan eaters. Love it!
4	Great, close, and a good vegetarian selection for me.  I felt guilty paying so little for the good food we got!  We will definitely be back.
4	I am thrilled we found this place. Don't judge this place by its appearance. The stripmall its located in is run down, and the interior is tiny and outdated. But the food is great! I ordered the green curry with tofu which was phenomenal. Perfectly spiced. My bf had the drunken noodles, extra hot, with chicken and shrimp. He loved it too despite the tears running down his face. We ordered the spring rolls as an appetizer. They were so fresh tasting and the peanut sauce was soooo good.Our two entrees, two drinks, and appetizer only cost us $22. What an amazing value. And their lunch specials are only $3.The service was great. They are very sweet. Also it is BYOB with no corkage fee. Next time we are taking a bottle of wine or picking up some Thai beer.
5	I've been back several times since my initial review and this place just keeps impressing.  I've brought a bunch of my friends (which, bonus for me, allows me to taste even MORE dishes!!) and everything I've tried has been just great.  Their sushi is simple but delicious and fresh, soups are excellent, noodle dishes are hard to beat, and the staff is always friendly.The lone(albeit tiny) gripe I have is with the Mongolian beef-I ordered this as part of their $3.95 lunch special menu and I'd probably call it Mongolian onions more than Mongolian beef.  What do you want for four bucks though...I've not tried any dish here that wasn't delicious!!
4	I went back to this little out of the way place for the lunch special today. I'm hooked!The food is freshly made to order (even the hot and sour soup) and really quite delish! I also got a sushi roll to try it - very good! I got the lunch special, and it was a ton of food for $5.95. Their hot and sour soup is some of the best I've had!! I hope people will check this place out. Don't judge a book by its cover.
3	The spring roll was the best! Otherwise food was ok.
5	As a hole in the wall restaurant, this place offers some of the best food in the valley, great pricing, and great flavor! If your a fan of Spicy try ordering your food "Thai Hot" but be sure to get some green tea ice cream afterwards because your mouth WILL be burning! Over all amazing experience, the food is incredible, drunken noodles, or garlic noodles are a must.
4	Noodles and Rice hooked me with their Panang Curry.  They will serve it several ways, and will customize it any way you like.  My favorite is to get the Panang Curry with Noodles.  The beef is lean and tender.... never overcooked, but it is good with chicken too. I've tasted the Tom Ka and the Tom Gai, both excellent.  The crab rangoon is the best I have ever eaten.  It isn't like you will find anywhere else.  They add a liberal dose of pepper.  Edamame is a great starter.On the heavier side (read that as fried) The lemon chicken and the orange chicken are fried in a light batter then served with the sauce.  Lemon is more tangy and is absolutely delicious.  I prefer the orange though because it is quite spicy.  They both tasted great.  The quality of the meat was excellent.The fried rice is rather plain in contrast to the pungent flavors of the main courses.  That worked just fine for me.  The only thing I have tasted there that I would not order again was the hot and sour soup.  It was more vinegary than i expected.  I guess I need convention when it comes to my hot and sour.I am so glad that I found this place.  They are very inexpensive (which earns a weekly visit from me) and the location is very convenient.
5	Noodle and Rice is an undiscovered gem.  We have an office nearby and have lunch here about twice a week.  We also have a son who lives in Tempe who loves red curry.  We entice him to visit  us on a weekly basis because he now will no longer order red curry anywhere else!  This is the real deal.  They use coconut milk, not watered down so it has the right consistency and he orders it Thai hot WITH Thai chilis.  He's a burn it to the ground guy and says he's never had it as hot anywhere else in town.  My husband is a fan of the bamee noodles (add beef, double shrimp) with a side of the best chow mein you've ever had to tone down the Thai hot way he orders it.   My standby is the Garlic Noodles, add shrimp and a little extra hot for an extra 2 bucks.  It makes 2 meals for me.  We always start with a chicken egg roll for a buck.  Best in town....they add a little hint of cinnamon that just sets it off.  I've also had the General Tao chicken and it is the best I've ever had.  Fresh and tender with light sauce.  Everything is cooked to order and FRESH FRESH FRESH!  I can't wait until the weather cools off because I have my eye on some of the soup bowl meals.
5	A friend of mine exposed me to this place (never even knew it was there!) and I absolutely love it! I love avocado so I had to try the spring rolls and I'm absolutely hooked! I probably get those to go once a week. Everything else I've tried has been AH-MAZING and I'm starting to wonder if they put crack in the food (jk). Really, it's a great place, very reasonable prices and everything I've tried so far is delicious! Good pieces of meat and great sauces. Definitely my new favorite place.
5	One of my favorite restaurants! Great food at a great price!  I love going to Noodle and Rice and even though I am vegetarian and there are so many items for me to choose from. The food has always been perfect  and very satisfying portions. The curries over rice with veggie rolls make a really great dinner.  Can't say enough good things about this restaurant. As I am writing this it is making me very hungry...Noodle and Rice here I come!!
3	Good enough to quiet a craving. Not good enough to create one.
5	I visited this little hidden gem on a Friday night.  Only one other party was dining in and a few people came in for take-out.  I ordered the Veg Egg Roll, Tom Kar soup, and Panang noodles with beef.  Everything came out quickly and steaming hot...and absolutely delicious.  Total with tip was $15.  They also have homemade green tea or coconut ice cream, which I really wanted to try but was too full.  I will absolutely come back!!   This is a must try for any Thai food lover.  Service was speedy, warm & inviting.  Eat there, and then tell your friends!
4	Very impressed with what I thought was gonna be another sub-par Asian dining experience. But I was wrong. The food is very, very good. The decor is...odd, but thankfully you don't need to eat it! Recommended eats!
5	This is the best Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area, with the possible exception of Malees in Scottsdale (which is also excellent, but costs about three times as much).  The food is fantastic.  The prices and value are excellent.  The waitstaff are friendly.  We made a catering order from Noodle and Rice for a party.  The ordering process was extremely easy and they delivered for a nominal charge.  They brought a ton of food and everyone loved it.  Overall, this restaurant is a real gem.  The inside of the restaurant is small, in a run-down strip mall, but the food more than makes up for any lack of atmosphere.
2	Meh. Meh. Meh. Meh. Meh. This place needs a colossal amount of love. Why did I let myself be swayed by the 4-star average? Why oh why did I encourage my colleagues to join me in eating here? There was nowhere to sit comfortably. The "best seat in the house" is located next to a disturbingly noisy TV and radio. The Pad Thai is fine enough, I guess. Man, it's juicy noodles looked great. It's the chicken that cleared my appetite. It had this awfully gamey taste, sort of unclean and offal-like. I kept trying to disguise the flavor by continuously squeezing lime over the dish. And poor old Edamame was sad, while Potstickers needed some real affection. You know, the people who work here seem very nice, and for their sake I hope they step it up a big fat notch. Noodle & Rice, it's time for an extreme makeover.
1	Ordered because of 4 star rating. Service was so terrible i never got to eat my food. I just tried ordering through they're online menu because i was starving and waited for my food for about an hour, then checked my email to see a customer service email wanting me to call to confirm my order????? WHY WOULD I BE USING THE ONLINE ORDER FORM IF I WANTED TO CALL YOU??????? But then instead of receiving an explanation as to why my food is an hour and a half late, i received an email saying.. " Why do you have a phone if you can't use it"  because i said " why do you have an online ordering service if i have to call you"....... maybe a little rude, but my food was an hour late. As a person who has worked in customer service my entire life I would never treat another person/customer with such disrespect. This place is garbage. I have eatin here before and it was 100 percent OK, meaning, every other place i have tried has been better. What company in their right mind would respond to a mad customer like this? ABSOLUTELY UNREAL!!!!!! Terrible place, I was starving so i went with it anyway and this is what i got, NO FOOD, and TERRIBLE SERVICE, thanks NOODLES and RICE. STAY CLASSY!
4	Very clean, friendly service, good customer service..until end-minor, food was fantastic! Found this place by a yelp search for "lunch specials" around my zip code as i am getting tired of the same subway sandwich every day..... seemed to have good reviews and great lunch specials, only $3.95 for a lunch entree or $5.95 with a choice of 3 soups, egg roll and a drink! Cant beat that!The place was VERY clean, impressive for sure...except..for the few ceiling tiles around one of the air vents that were no longer white but black from whatever blew out of the vent....really? for probably under $10 you could replace those and it would make a WORLD of a difference! please do so before my next return...may actually keep somebodies appetite long enough for dessert! ;-)Love thai iced tea...so i ordered that first. Good. Not great. but good. wasnt as sweet as i am normally used to and upon commenting on it the server (who was VERY nice, had great customer service..until the end..stay tuned..) said they dont sweeten as much because of all the people lately crazy about health concerns this and that and less sugar etc.... i get it...but if someone is really health conscious they probably wouldnt order a cream and sugar filled drink from the get go....maybe list it as *"healthier" thai iced tea - 50% less sugar!* so people like myself know..? But, i as said it is still good and i would order it again.Food was all outstanding, very good flavors. Chicken egg rolls were really good, perfectly crisp. Egg drop soup, one of the best ive had. And brocolli rice entree was really good and fresh. all came out piping hot. yum!My ONLY beef about the place was at the end i got my check and because i ordered the thai iced, which is $2.50, instead of the included lunch special drink ($1.50) i was charged for the full price of the thai iced tea...$2.50. when really it is only a dollar more than the normal included drink.. so instead of just adding a dollar to my ticket for the difference i was charged 2.50. when i brought it up to the server she said there are no substitutions and it is additional.. really... 1.50 extra? kind of stiff especially for a first timer...youd think they might make an exception to bring me back in the door and just notify me for next time..... so really my thai iced tea cost $4 instead of 2.50... my check went from my anticipated 5.95 to almost $10 (11.25 with tip) in a flash...With all that said.........I definitely will return as all else was really good and i would definitely recommend this place...but buyer beware of "substitutions" !
4	Here for a 3rd (maybe 4th cant remember) time.  food has always been awesome. service great. however, this time i got a beef teriyaki dish. the beef tasted like a dirty wet dog.  but i was hungry and in a hurry so i ate it anyway and an hour later i havent gotten sick so im assuming it was still good.  the waitress did mention to me that they dont grill the beef, but steam it.  maybe this made the taste funky?? not sure...but i wouldnt get it again.im still giving 4 stars though because every other time has always been real good and service with a smile.  Overall recommended. I will be back
3	Tried this place for lunch recently and enjoyed it.  I sat down and was greeted promptly by a friendly server.  It's a small place with only 6 tables or so. They have lunch specials that are super cheap, so I had a difficult time deciding between ordering one of those or trying one of their Thai noodle dishes.  There were over 20 lunch special offers, but they all came with rice and were typical Chinese fare (Chicken Broccoli, General Tso's, etc.).  I decided I wanted to try the noodles, so I ordered the Pad See Ew with chicken.  I also ordered a vegetable spring roll.  The service was quick and I liked how it was quiet in there.  The spring roll was really tasty with a good crunch and yummy dipping sauce.  My Thai dish consisted of wide flat noodles, chicken, broccoli, and egg in a sweet teriyaki type sauce.  The broccoli was cooked al dente, which I like.  It could have used more sauce because it did seem a bit dry.  I will check this place out again and try something different.
4	Good pad thai and liked the spring rolls....fyi, new sunday hours 3pm to 8pm started march 1st
1	I have never written a review of a restaurant before but felt compelled to after eating the worst food I have ever had. I ordered egg drop soup and moo goo gai pan for carryout.  I got home and thought that they had given me the wrong order.  The egg drop soup had mushrooms in it that I am positive they did not clean before putting them in the soup. It was like eating dirt. The same thing with the moo goo gai pan. I had a couple bites of each and threw the rest in the garbage. Absolutely awful!  I had to give this restaurant a star because it wouldn't let me give zero stars....
5	I have been here on several occasions the food is great atmosphere is always great food is very well priced once you go here you will come back
5	Such a huge fan of this place! The lunch specials are insanely cheap and the food is amazing. I love that I can place orders online and when I walk in to pick it up they greet me by name. Little things like that (plus the amazing eats) are why we go back.
4	Thank you Yelp for leading to to another winner.  My experience here started out slowly: the service was inattentive as they tried to work on take-out orders, my wife's soda was flat (they did promptly take it back and replace it with a tasty iced tea), and I was not a big fan of the salad I ordered, although it was massive for the price.  My wife ordered hot and sour soup-which also came as a huge portion for 1.95-but neither of us were too crazy about it, although it was at least an interesting variation from the usual.Things changed when the main dishes arrived, however.  Since people had recommended the Thai food, we went with the green curry and the pad ki mao. As with the rest of the food, the portions were extremely generous for the price.  The pad ki mao had a nice amount of spice and was well balanced between shrimp, vegetables, and noodles.  Although there were some "Pan-Asian" touches, I must say that the taste of this dish reminded me of Thailand.  The real star of the show, however, was the green curry.  It was almost certainly the best green curry I've ever had and one of the best curries, period: rich and creamy, with bursting flavor in every bite. Frankly I will return to this place for the curry alone - the value you get for your money is just the icing on top.
4	Hole in the wall Thai. DO NOT let the lackluster appearance scare you. THIS PLACE IS GREAT!!! $3.95 for lunch, really? Thailand prices in PHX! Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because of the appearance. But I was there for ambiance. The food is bomb!
3	Went here not too long ago for dinner.  The prices are insanely low, I don't know how they make any profit at all.  The place was dead, so I sat by the tv.  I ordered a small hot and sour soup;  it was the biggest bowl of soup I've ever been given in any restaurant.  It was good, but there was no way I was going to eat it all.  The timing was pretty bad, since they brought my entree (sesame chicken) out about a minute and a half after the gargantuan bowl of soup.  The sesame chicken was alright.  The portion was also large.Not long after I had been there, a woman (I'm assuming she was an owner/worked there) came into the restaurant and took a laptop from next to the tv and sat down at the booth right next to mine and got on the laptop.  I just felt a little awkward since she had chosen to sit right next to me while I was eating.  At least sit across the restaurant so that your guests don't feel weird :(
1	terrible!! i'm not a complainer, but they're service was the worst.i'm visiting from out of town. when i checked they're website to see if i was within delivery range, the zip code where i am staying was listed as somewhere that they would deliver to. an hour and a half later they called to say they couldn't find my address. i stood outside for another half an hour on the phone with the delivery person waiting for the food. when they still didn't show up another 30 minutes later i called the restaurant. they said that i was outside they're area and it would take an additional hour. i said that was fine, then they called me back and told me that they weren't delivering the food after all.i've worked in the restaurant industry for years and this is disgraceful behavior. i wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	Noodle & Rice remains the best Thai food in Phoenix, and by far the best value for real quality Thai food.  I am updating my review to comment on the service, which is done almost exclusively by the incredibly hardworking Theresa, who it seems is always at the restaurant.  Theresa is always pleasant and thoughtful. She knows our names and our usual orders.  She remembers that I am a vegetarian and makes helpful suggestions for vegetarian options (just about anything on the menu can be made vegetarian, even if the menu doesn't give that option).  Theresa makes my already great experience with Noodle & Rice even better.  Noodle & Rice is not a fancy white-tablecloth restaurant.  But if you like "hole in the wall" restaurants with great food where the staff know your name and make you feel comfortable, you won't be disappointed by Noodle & Rice.
5	This Thai food is sure to rock your world and you just can't beat the prices. The curry dishes are amazing!!!
4	This place is a hidden gem. They deliver outstanding food and the price is amazing.
5	We found this place through Yelp and decided to give it a try since we live just down the street. We ordered:Potstickers (which were not greasy, and they had the perfect crunch and taste)Chicken egg roll (it was tasty although I've had better but I am very picky)Tom Yum soup (it was a nice portion and was good)Mongolian beef( it came with a lot of yellow onions but otherwise tasty)General tao chicken (came with a lot of chicken and had the perfect crisp and flavor)Cucumber salad ( I was surprised by the larger portion compared to other restaurants and it was refreshing!) The waitress was super friendly and went out of her way to help everyone, even getting us Prik Nam Pla. It's cute inside with their decorations, although it doesn't look like much from the outside. We will be back to try the curry and drunken noodles, which we hear are to die for.
4	OK, seriously? The lunch portion sizes are huge for the price! I met some friends here for the $3.95 or $5.95 lunch special and we were shocked at what you got for that. We all ended up "upgrading" to the $5.95 with soup, roll and drink and were super happy. The interior is clean and yes, it's a total hole-in-the-wall restaurant, but what would expect being that it's next to a gas station? We loved it and will be back, especially because it fits within our lunch hour time frame. By the way, the crab rangoun appetizers - fabulous. We ordered two of them. Great deal and good food ;)
5	Drove to this part of town to meet a friend and found this little place for lunch- fantastic, authentic cuisine,  VERY reasonable price, super friendly service. Highly recommend the Hawaiian fried rice, General Tao's chicken, and especially the Drunken Noodles if you like spicy! Definitely a must try restaurant, we will be back for sure!!
5	Excellent little place!!  Friendky staff and GREAT food.  The drunken noodles were so good (and very spicy).  I definitely recommend!!
4	Just tried Noodle and Rice for lunch. I got the Teriyaki & Vegetables w/ chicken lunch special. The food was really good, the vegetables were crispy and seemed fresh, and you can't beat their prices.  My only complaint was that it took about 20min to get my food to go, but that is an easy fix to simply call ahead next time. Will definitely be going again.
1	went with friends, it was small, awkward decor, friendly staff, but the food was not good at all.  don't waste your time. I wont be back.
5	Great food!  Friendly staff that is helpful.  With every dish you can choose the protein you want (chicken, beef, tofu, shrimp).  It has a relaxed friendly atmosphere and authentic feel.  Plus it is locally owned and operated.
5	One of my favorite Asian food places in town!  Food is fresh and delicious, and extremely reasonable prices!  My usual: potstickers, wontons, and general tao chicken.  Other favorites: panang curry, panang noodles, fried rice, cashew chicken, and most things I've eaten here :)Service is also amazing, handled by Theresa!
5	This family run business was such a nice surprise despite being right next to QT.  I've ordered online for pick-up and have dined in a few times, and everything is always great.  Their prices are very cheap and their veggies are extremely fresh.  I love both the tom yum and the tom kha gai, the red curry is nice and thick, and the pad thai is traditional (aka not the super syrupy, over-sauced Americanized variety).  And for Americanized Asian, their crab rangoons are extra flavorful- plenty of filling and nice and peppery.  They are changing their menu, so I am hoping for more Thai dishes, as this seems to be their specialty.
4	My favorite local Thai place. The green curry is amazing, love the panang noodles are awesome and you cannot go wrong with any of the soups.
5	We happened upon this restaurant as we were pumping gas at the QT about 4 months ago, since then we have gone there at least once a week. We have tried almost everything on the menu and have been SUPER happy with all the food. We moved to this area about a year ago and  tried almost every Chinese food around looking for one that we liked, glad we stumbled on Noodles and Rice! Their soup, and really all the dishes, are fresh. No pre made wonton soup here. We also love their Thai food, the curry (coconut milk based) is amazing!You have got to try it, it's WELL worth your money. Won't find anything as inexpensive and tasty.
2	BEWARE THE ONLINE ORDERING SYSTEM!!Previous to tonight, I would have given them 3 stars. The food has been good on all three visits (we got takeout). Not amazing, but good. Would love to see more veggies in the Panang Curry, but it's still yummy.Tonight, I placed an order using their online ordering system. BIG MISTAKE. The timeframe for ASAP is advertised to be 20 minutes. Our order wasn't ready for an additional 15 minutes! When I complained, she said that they don't receive the online orders right away. It gets faxed to them sometime after your place your order. She also claimed to have tried to call me to let me know the order would be ready later than the time provided on the receipt, which is an out and out LIE. I had my phone with me the whole time, and never received a call.I'm on the fence about returning to Noodle and Rice, but my DH shredded out takeout menu after last night's issues. Clearly, they've been kicked off the list as far as he's concerned.
5	Great service + great food = Great place.   Noodle and Rice is hidden near the QT, so hunt it down.  There are not many tables, but it's clean, recently refurbished, and serves great food. We ordered two items (one noodle dish and one curry), split them, and still had lots leftovers for later.  One other thing we really liked - Really large glasses of water that are constantly filled. This was important because we selected "regular" spicy level dishes and found them to SPICY. (Loved it!) Go there, have fun, highly recommended.
5	My girlfriend and I are big fans of this place. We've been here many times and keep coming back for a reason.  The food is generally very good (the crab rangoon is the best I've ever had) and:1. The portion sizes are well above average2. The prices are well below average (so much so we order a bunch of food to just take home with us)3. Our server (Theresa) is a blast once she gets to know you and you get her laughing.I'll give them that fifth star because though I won't claim every dish is the best I've ever had, those other places cost about %50 more.  And if you can't tell already, I'm a big fan of value.
4	Whoa! Great little Thai & Chinese place. Great prices and quality. The waitress/hostess for the tiny place is super friendly and helpful. And they knew how to make a dish vegan!Super hot dish I ordered called Drunken Noodles. Had Jalepenos and Thai chiles. My lips are burning / numb. What da.
5	Noodle and Rice is my go-to Chinese delivery place. I've tried a number of items on their menu - sweet and sour chicken, sesame chicken, panang curry - and they've all been top-notch. The dishes served with battered meats are always crispy and flavorful, the vegetables are always fresh and have a good bite to them - and it's not just because they are always delivered (not dine-in, but delivery) with sauce on the side so that stuff doesn't have time to get soggy. The pad Thai and panang noodles are excellent. Crab puffs are tasty and (I'd guess) made in-store, since I've never seen a pre-made rangoon that has fresh diced peppers in it. The egg rolls are unusual but tasty, with hints of nutmeg and cinnamon.The staff is always friendly, and delivery has always been right on the mark; generally it takes 45 minutes for delivery, but when they say 45 minutes, they have *always* been there 45 minutes or sooner.To the person who rated a star because it took an extra 15 minutes to get the order, I can say that out of fifteen times ordering at this place I've *never* failed to receive the callback they mentioned; I would be more likely to believe that you misentered the telephone number.Dining in can be a bit cramped, and if I were to consider this as a dine-in I'd probably give it more like 3.5 stars; it really is a hole-in-the-wall, and seating is a bit cramped, probably not a good decor or ambiance for 'date night'. But for Chinese take-out or delivery, this place tops everything else I've found.
4	The panang chicken curry was very good. I had it over crispy noodles which I think was a mistake. I will have it over white rice next time. Oh yes there will be a next time.
5	This little place is so clean as friendly! I went here on a Saturday morning for lunch with my 3 kids. I'm on a mission to open their minds to other foods besides mc Donald's so this sounded good. The kids meals are so cheap and absolutely delish! I ordered the chicken soup, it was good but I guess I was expecting the pho style with a bunch of veggies on the side, but no. It's was still good and can't beat the price. I'm planning on going back to try other dishes, especially that coconut soup. Yum!
5	I came across Noodle and Rice quite by accident and I am so happy I did! The place is sparkling clean and the food is great! There is a nice variety of different Asian dishes all offering something different. If you like the gloppy, overly processed American style Chinese food, you won't like this. It is nice and light and tasty! The mini egg rolls are to die for and I've never been to a restaurant that has prettier carry out and delivery. Seriously, the presentation on the takeout boxes is really impressive as is the amount of food you get for the money.
5	Delicious food, fast and friendly service and not pretentious or high priced. It's a little gem hidden in yet another shopping strip. Glad I found it, will be going back!
5	I decided to order from N&R after wanting take out.while watching ASU football in sweats and seeing the high rating, which is not typical for asian take out. I was fairly skeptical as I'm high maintainance about my food, and distrusting of hole in the wall chinese food (except Chino Bandido). I cant speak for the inside, as I definitely sent my husband to get it. It took 15 minutes from order to the car, which is fine, but order ahead BY PHONE, if you can. For those complaining about the online ordering, grow up and learn to actually communicate with someone.I ordered sesame chicken and an egg roll. First, it was an insane amount of food for $8. Second, it was SOOO good. The chicken and broccoli were so fresh and there were no pieces of chicken that were questionable. The sauce wasn't already on the chicken, so it wouldn't get slimy on the way home. I cannot speak highly enough. It was very, very good.I will thoroughly enjoy the leftovers for lunch tomorrow while watching the Broncoa game. I'm one happy (and very full) lady.
4	The panang curry was delicious! My roommate enjoyed the pad thai as well. Large portion sizes and easy on the wallet. Delivery was within the time window quoted. Take-out was ready within the promised time window as well. I have used the online ordering system and all went smoothly, and the food was ready when promised. I will definitely be going back again, and again. Can't wait to try out other options on the menu.
5	So this place may not be a fine dining establishment, but DAMN the food is good!  I have introduced many friends to this place and everyone loves it.  The staff is super friendly and I have always had great service.  I have used them for delivery as well and have had great service with delivery as well.I am biased to the Thai menu so I can't speak to the chinese food.  My ultimate favorites are the panang and pad thai.  Give it a try if you are in the area!
4	We have tried a few Asian takeout places and always ended up disappointed. I am happy to say that I think we found our go to place. My husband ordered the drunken noodles and I ordered the pad Thai. Both were very delicious! My husband also got the mini spring rolls which we both really liked. I would, however, give this place 3.5 stars if my iPhone would let me because of one thing: the wonton soup. Maybe I'm picky about the wonton soup but this stuff was barely appetizing. The wontons were good. But the broth was like eating dish water. I could barely eat half. It was bland. I was super disappointed because I love a good wonton soup. The food was the saving grace and the delivery quick. So we will try this place again. Hopefully if I get soup next time it'll be decent!
4	Ordered delivery online from their website. This is the first time I've ever eaten here. I got the green curry with chicken and added tofu with chow mein. Food took an hour and 20 Minutes to be delivered, but their website warns of the time. The lady who delivered the food was very sweet. The food was amazing! I got the x spicy level, the spice is definitely there but not overpowering. I will definitely be ordering from them again!
5	Parang noodle is the best.  Mega heat, but even more flavor.  Get it once, you will be a fan for life.
5	Thank goodness for technology. I found this place by way of GPS and a desperate craving for Thai food while farting around near Paradise Valley. I've only gone once so far, but I plan on going back despite it being on the the opposite end of town from me. The price is cheap enough that the gas+the cost of food is well worth it rather than going to some of the local *cough* overpriced *cough* Thai places here in Tempe. I can confidently say it's the best Thai food that I have eaten in the Valley, and it was quite reminiscent of the delicious Thai food I've encountered in Thai Town in SoCal. The customer service was excellent, and although they were quite busy, the food came out piping hot in a reasonable amount of time. I would not hesitate to drive all that way just for a darn good meal.
5	Best chinese food in phx.. And they deliver!! Always fresh & so damn good. The miso soup is the best I've ever had, and I order extra teriyaki sauce just to have for later to cook with. 5 star, i love noodles& rice.
5	Inexpensive and delicious!!  Enough said.If you don't go here, you will be missing out on a hidden gem.https://www.facebook.com/noodleandriceaz
5	Three of us ate here for the first time. Massive portions and really inexpensive. We had pad prik, pad Thai, Anne Orange chicken. All three were stellar! My fiance said the chicken egg roll was really good, and my brother-in-law really liked the inari sushi. We'll be back SOON!
5	Small but awesome. Prices are amazing they will substitute anything you want. Very small dining area but surprisingly never full. Go there!!
1	Orderd shrimp fried rice to go for dinmer.  Got home and all the shrimp was raw.  Called back next day because they were closed and the owner tried to say that wasn't the case.  Then wanted me to bring the rice back to get another one.  Yeah right I am gonna leave seafood out all night and smell my house up for a refund.  I frequently ate here.  But not anymore. This business wanted to act funny over $9.  Well u lost a customer who spent well over that in a year.  Whats even scarier than raw shrimp what if it was chicken.
5	Noodle and Rice was recommended to me by a friend whose taste I greatly admire. After my first experience here I became hooked. I've brought my family and many friends through the doors since then with no regrets. Great portions, friendly and quick service, reasonable prices and absolutely delicious meals. By far my favorite Chinese and Thai restaurant for sit down or takeout. I recommend the Orange Chicken!
4	You just can't beat the lunch special. $5.95 gets you a rice entree (there's 22 choices), an eggroll, a soup, and a drink. I've read that the Thai is what this place is known for but the Mon-Fri deal just can't be beat!
5	Best. Eggrolls.  EVER!!  I love the sweet and sour sauce, I am sure it is homemade.  I found this place because of YELP actually.  I read all of the great reviews and decided to try it.  I am very picky about my Chinese food.  I have only gotten delivery and take out and they separate the sauce from the chicken do it doesn't get soggy. I was pleasantly surprised by that.  I am not a big fan of the noodles, but I love the chicken!!
3	Lazy day today, woke up at 9ish, didn't hit the shower until 11ish, struggled out the door at around 12ish, wandering (driving) aimlessly in NoPho famished.  Yelped for lunch places and Noodle & Rice popped up on the list, so N&R it ish.  I'm not quite certain what to make of this restaurant because I was expecting an order-up type, but it turned out to be a sit-down place. Inside, the place is small with no more than 30 in occupancy tops.  A little cozy I might say if it was packed.  Fortunately, I was a little latish for lunch so hardly anyone was there.  The decor is a mishmash of ?!?!? which you'll have to see for yourself.  Nothing earth-shattering or trendy, but I just couldn't quite describe it so I'll leave it at that.I ordered the Pepper Steak from the lunch special in the Rice Entrees group.  It comes with egg roll, soup  and a drink for an unbelievable price of $5.95.  The egg roll (chicken) came first - which came first - followed by the soup (hot & sour).  The egg roll was really good but the soup was just ok.  Soon after, I got my entree which looked appetizing as I took its picture.  It was definitely fresh because the mushrooms and peppers were crunchy, however, I felt it lacked spice.  Condiments were nowhere to be seen on my table nor the table next to me, so I couldn't flavor it to my liking.  It wasn't bad but I was not blown away.  Next time, I will try the entrees from other yelpers who gave this place 4 stars.Overall, it's worth a trip back when I'm feeling ish.
5	Best Chicken Wontons EVER!!We stopped in on a whim last weekend. It was raining and we were hungry. We weren't sure at first if we are to just have a seat, go to the counter to order or just stand by the door and wait. (You just seat yourself). We started off with chicken wontons which were fan-freaking-tastic. I wish there was more of a "filling" though. We both ordered the garlic chicken extra spicy...wow, spicy indeed. Often times we'll ask for something hot or thai hot and it's medium at best. But, they weren't messing around. I would suggest ordering medium and going from there if you don't want it over the top hot. It was served with rice and cucumbers/tomatoes on the side. I loved the side of raw veggies. This was the best Asian food I've had in quite sometime and we'll definitely be back.
4	The food was wonderful, very large portions and inexpensive.  Service was the best!  I will go here often!  It is very small, we went for an early dinner and there was only one other diner.  Numerous people came in to pick up to go orders though.
4	Great lunch combo portions, does not dissapoint! Do wish it had more meat. Prob would substitute rice for fried rice to eat later for only.50 more. Saving soup for later too.  Awesome egg rolls!
2	So Yelp calls 3 stars "A-OK" and 2 stars "I've experienced better."  So while 2 stars sounds harsh, the description fits.I ordered the kung pao chicken with chicken egg roll, hot and sour soup, and fried rice.  My wife ordered the sesame chicken + egg roll.Decent service? CHECK!Large portions? CHECK!Looked/smelled good? CHECK!Fresh ingredients? CHECK!Flavor?I said, "FLAVOR!!?"Flavor was a complete no-show --- except for the egg roll, which tasted of cinnamon (extra chewy, but not bad), and the hot and sour soup, which had a decidedly metallic, "tinny" flavor (bad).The kung pao was also flavorless and not spicy, despite the fact that I ordered it extra spicy.  Based on prior reviews, I should have been breathing fire, which makes me wonder if there wasn't a substitute cook in the kitchen that day.Or maybe they specialize in Thai food and we ordered made the mistake of ordering Chinese.Either way, there are better Asian restaurants in the Valley and so many others that I have yet to try.  Thus, the 2-star review.  Lots of other Yelpers like this place...we just happen to fall outside that group.
1	Okay so I came across this place on yelp and thought it couldn't hurt to try. I love thai food and was excited thinking I had found a new place close to home. I ordered delivery that ended up costing me $40. I got two orders of pad see eiw , two orders of crab rangoons, egg rolls , egg drop soup and more... the noodles (pad see eiw) wasn't that bad but everything else was horrible ! Nothing tasted even close to good and I am very sure that it is not fresh food nor good quality. The worst part is the snotty owner. I called politely addressing my problem and all she proceeded to tell me was that she would not credit my money back nor replace the entire order due to the fact that I semi liked the noodles. She called me mam a million times and was just very unhelpful. If she really is the owner like she says than I feel bad for the business. No manners at all does this woman have and no customer service.  She even hung up on us ! I am disgusted woth the service provided and I will be sure to continue to speak poorly about theor place. Absolutely terrible !!! DONT GO THERE! GROSS!
2	When I came on Yelp to review this place, I was surprised at its rating. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. I had Kung Pao chicken. It was tasteless and had no spice even though it was marked on the menu as one of the spicy dishes (and should be). At least they offered brown rice. I had the lunch combo. The egg roll was average. I guess I'm just spoiled; I'm used to the little noodle and rice shops in Chicago. I was hoping  this was going to be like that because Phoenix could certainly use some. It's right next to my nail place so maybe I'll give it another try and order a dish that's mentioned under a high rating.
5	Absolutely love love love this place it is so delicious the food is always fresh crisp  it is amazing everything that I have tried from this place on their menu is just a meeting it's no ordinary oriental food.They have the best green tea ice cream and best Thai teaAlso you can never beat their prices and their lunch specials it is freaking amazing I don't know how they do it but I hope they continue to PS they have delivery and an online menu
5	I'm simply amazed how this place can stay in business offering selections at such low prices. And the quality of the food doesn't reflect the prices either. I've had a variety of items of the menu and it's all equally as good. I'm competing with my friend Michael for the title of Duke here, that's how much I love this place.
5	Have to honestly say BEST THAI FOOD I've ever tasted and they DELIVER (which for a stay at home mom is a God send) I ordered their red curry, phad Thai and sweet and sour chicken...I am really picky when it comes to Thai/Chinese food and I've tried many places in the area and this place comes in #1 and have you seen their prices?!?? Nothing over $7!!! I fed my family of 4 for $25 (kinda makes me question why Cook my families dinner every night lol) and we had enough for another meal and the cherry on the top is they DONT use MSG!
5	This little Thai place is simply delicious! I like to get delivery and they're always on time, have the right order, and have even delivered after hours!!! I recommend the pan ang curry noodles (if you don't like the crispy noodles, you can substitute with any other kind of noodles) the pot stickers, crab puffs and the won ton soup is amazing too! My boyfriend likes the general chicken. Everything I've had here is so tasty and I would recommend it to anyone looking for awesome Thai food and great service!
4	Amazing lunch specials!  Cheap prices, good size portions, and really tasty and authentic. My family of four had a huge lunch for $20 including drinks.
4	Other than the little drink incident, food was great. You really get a lot of food too!!! I was surprised how much they packed in those styrofoam boxes. Thanks yelpers! Will eat here again for sure!
4	Looks a little sketchy from outside but nice little place. Really good prices! We tried the veggie spring rolls, hot and sour soup (like 4 bowls in the reg size order), garlic noodles, and basil fried rice. Everything was really good. Fried rice was very spicy! Pics on yelp threw us off a little as I think people had incorrectly labelled some items.
5	Love the crap out of Noodle and Rice.  Best Thai around.  I have gotten several people as hooked on it as I am. Thai hot Panang noodles FTW.
4	After complaining to my friend about the lack of decent Thai restaurants in the valley, he had told me about Noodle & Rice. After visiting Thailand this past spring, I thought that Thai food was forever ruined for me in the states, as it would never be as good. Noodle & Rice comes really close to the flavors I experienced in Thailand. They have some of the best Panang Curry, it's creamy and delicious and they use authentic flavors that include kaffir lime, Thai chilies, and galangal. The portions sizes are huge for the price, and the service is always friendly and attentive. If you're looking for authentic Thai food, I highly recommend Noodle & Rice.
5	Miso soup is a must to try!!  Great food as always!! Owner and staff is tentative and always pleasant!
4	Really good. Had the hot and sour soup and the sesame chicken. The noodles were just ok otherwise i would say five stars! Nice place and very local and friendly.
5	A couple of friends of mine took me here for the first time a couple of days ago.It's a small restaurant, it may be seen as even a hole in the wall. But Seriously. This place is on my list of top favorite restaurants. Not only is the food freshly made and just ridiculously delicious.It's also cheap! The first time I went here, my boyfriend and I ordered two appetizers, two entrees, and three drinks, and the total still came out to approximately $30 (not including tip).  Whereas other places would have charged us at least $40, for the the same quality of food.They also practice wonderful customer service, and they're friendly. So that's always a plus as well!
5	My family and friends LOVE this restaurant!!! We order delivery at least twice a month, either lunch or dinner and we have never been disappointed. We get different items each time to try,  and everything we have tried is always fresh, hot  and tastes absolutely wonderful. The ladies I've always talked to on the phone are so polite, they will always let me know how long the wait is and are very accomidating if I want to add another item or remove items from a particular dish, and we always get the same sweet delivery lady. This restaurant has the BEST Thai food ever!!! Cannot wait to go in and try their green tea ice cream :)
4	Good food, service Ok, jasmine tea is good too. Thai tea good and ginger chicken is good.
5	I absolutely love this place. Being from NYC it's hard to find authentic and fresh Chinese food and this is the best I've had. I love their Kung Pao chicken (it's not fatty like those other places! Or fried either) and their General Tao. And when you say extra spicy, holy spice watch out! Delicious food and it's always consistent. Highly recommended!!
5	The Panang curry and Panang noodles were one of the best dishes I've ever had.  I could come to this place daily!  And their prices are really cheap too!!
5	Came here for lunch. I got the general tso's chicken and It was wonderful. Big portions for a great price. First time I've ever enjoyed a egg roll in my life and that's saying something! Wonderful food will return.
5	I feel weird about giving five stars to this tiny joint, but I can't give it 'only' four stars in good conscience. We live pretty close to this place, and have eaten here, easily, 30+ times over the past two years... possibly 40+. Not one time have we been less than happy as clams. The woman who runs the front (phone and restaurant... it's pretty impressive) always remembers us, is always nice and courteous, and super helpful. My favorites: - Thai Basil Beef with extra beef and medium spice. This is a dinner, a lunch and a midnight snack, easily. So, so much food, even without rice. I love that I can order as spicy (or not) as I want. When we followed paleo, this was my takeout go-to, and still is today. - Egg drop soup. It is so yummy! No weird stuff going on, either; fresh veggies and super-tasty broth, served piping hot. This is a great value, at $2.95 for a large. This easily serves four people as an appetizer... orrrr one really, really hungry person who is craving some comfort food. - Sweet & sour chicken. This is not your average S&S ck. The meat is completely identifiable and the breading is light enough to not weigh down the whole dish. Good sauce, too. - No longer on the menu, but the Thai roll with peanut sauce. I really wish they would bring sexy back. - BBQ pork fried rice, extra pork. Um. Yeah. Extra pork, because pork. Duh. This is a massive serving, too. - Online ordering. - The kid menu has pretty large servings, too. - Clean. - Great service, even if there may be a wait. (There's a wait for damn good reason, so relax.) - It's been a while since we have done it, but this place was BYOB. Suggest calling ahead to make sure this is still allowed. We quit bringing our own because beer just takes up room that is better filled with tasty, tasty food. My husband's list is undoubtedly even longer. We just love this place. Give it a try. DO IT!
5	Ordered delivery for the first time and this hit the spot!  It took awhile but their website clearly states the longer wait during peak hours and they were nice enough to call and verify that I knew of the extended wait.   Best crab Rangoons, deliciously flavorful Tom yum, puffy orange shrimp with the sauce thoughtfully separate to preserve crispness,  and yummy stir-fried noodles with their house marinated roast pork.   Best quality delivered food! This place is always solid.
4	It's easy to see why this small eatery is so popular: the food is inexpensive and tasty, the servings are more than ample, and the range of choices run the gamut of popular Asian cooking styes: Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Mongolian. It's great to be able to order tonkatsu, pad thai, and General Tsao all in one place. While the place could use more light and perhaps a bit of touching up, you come here for the inexpensive, delicious food and not for the decor. I noticed while dining here that they have a very brisk take-out business so don't be surprised if there's a bit of a delay in getting your food if you dine here at peak hours.
5	FYI, I'm trying to broaden my flavor horizons and order food I usual wouldn't, and I must say, the Panang Noodles (extra spicy) are delicious! The Tom Yum noodles are great as well. I'm honestly never disappointed with this place (there was actually only 1 time when they were out of crab rangoons, I opted for the fried won tons instead and was disappointed at the tiny amount of meat in there). Other than that one-off time, I really love this place. Their delivery time is pretty accurate as well.P. S. They state no MSG on their menu, and indeed I have not found there to be any! Sooooo relieving. I'd have a horrible headache if there was any hint of it. So eat easy folks! ;)
5	Try this place! My 2 and 4 year old gobbled down sweet and sour chicken, egg rolls and Rangoon's! I had amazing drunken noodles with veggies.... An enormous plate. The place is small, but cheap! My family just found our new favorite place to eat!
2	I read all the great reviews from this place so I was excited to try it. I ordered it online and it said it'll be ready in 30 minutes. When we got there 20 minutes later they said that they had technical difficulties with their printer apparently and it didn't print out so we had to wait another half an hour for the food. Finally an hour later we got home to eat it and honestly I wasn't impressed. The yakisomi noodles were very dry, there were very little vegetables and the beef was not good. The drunken noodles were also dry and not very hot although we did order medium so that could've been our part but they were still dry. The dumplings were over fried and very dry as well. The crab rangoons were okay. I'm not sure I will be returning but I guess I should've guessed with the low prices.
3	Tried this place for the first time on Saturday evening, we went in and ordered take out.  They were pretty busy so it took about 25 minutes.  Miso soup was good, egg drop soup good, I didn't care for flavor of the hot and sour soup which was a bummer because I liked how much tofu etc was in it.  The orange chicken was fantastic!  Try it, the sauce has a good amount of kick to it.  I did not care for the pork fried rice, not a lot of flavor to it.  We will definitely give this place another to try though.  Give it a whirl.  There are only a few tables so take out is your best bet.
4	Food is great.  Everything is made to order, soups included.  So, they can customize everything to your taste.  Family run, and it feels nice just to be there.  The prices are excellent, excellent value.
4	Absolutely delicious Thai food offered by a pleasant server.  Ordered green curry with extra veggies and tofu and it was so yummy I ate the rest for dinner. My friend had the broccoli chicken and spring roll and she was really impressed. Ambiance is very hole-in-the-wall and kitschy, but that's not why you go. You go for the delicious food and good service, and you won't be disappointed.
5	Terrific food! Bountiful! Perhaps the best Chinese food we've eaten in the valley. My wife and I had read previous postings and walked in with great expectations which were not disappointed. With our vegetarian preference, we ordered the fried tofu -- crispy yet delicate with a peanut sauce that satisfied.  The vegetable platter with brown sauce was also satisfying as the vegetables were fresh and delicious.    We plan to return often.
1	Let me start by saying this is a review for me and for another guest whom I do not know.First this was my first and will be my only order placed. At 11:45 AM I placed and order for Chicken Fried Rice. This is always my first order when going to a new place for lunch. I was told my order would take 30 minutes. Thirty minutes for a simple dish at lunchtime on a Monday? When I arrived 30 minutes later the girl out front asked who I was and went to the kitchen. When she came back she said he had just started preparing it for me.Before arriving I was expecting a well oiled machine that could just not keep up with the volume because their food was just so good. But I was wrong, it's a very small place and seems quite dysfunctional. There were only two other to-go orders packed and ready and a total of ten people dining inside.While I was waiting a previous lunchtime customer came back in and was obviously very disappointed. She had had to wait 20 minutes to come pick up her order and when she got home it was cold. Cold enough to bring back the meal and ask for a refund.She had ordered the $6.95 lunch special but had told them she didn't want the drink which was included in the price. But the counter girl wanted to refund her $3.95 and not the $6.95 she had paid. This was a quite bizarre ordeal to witness. The girl behind the counter arguing with the customer and trying to short change her refund.Needless to say I will not be going back. My meal was plentiful but not well prepared nor flavorful.
