5	The location is in a strip mall, but this place is a diamond in the rough.  The food was some of the best italian food I have had anywhere.  I live in Kansas City, which has a pretty large and long standing italian populaiton.  The food is a good as any of the old italian places in KC.  Everyone in my group was amazed at the quality of the food for the price.  I will keep this one on my list of places to come back to when I am in AZ again.
5	THIS PLACE IS OPEN!The best food and the best service. Try the butter nut squash ravioli.  Fantastic
3	It had fallen off my radar a bit, but I came for dinner earlier this week. Got the pasta with clams. Holy Moley! I've never seen so many tiny little clams! ($21 - See the photo!) Four in the shell and countless baby clams complimented by leeks and garlic.By the time I had finished the pasta, there was still a bed of clams on my plate! I got a to go container for the little buggers and figure I'll add them to some sauce and pasta at home for round 2!Entrees come with salad and bread.Salute means cheers and, lucky for us, they have some delicious wines to say it with!
4	Thanks to yelp and restaurant.com I decided to go for it on a Friday night. They had a guy on a keyboard in the corner adding to the ambiance he was actually decent. I couldn't give them the last star b/c they were out of a few items we attempted to order (the menu selection is pretty small) the alternates were still tasty though. But it seems like the type of place that has mastered everything on the menu so I don't think you can go wrong. The owner was very friendly -like kiss on the hand friendly :/ awkward. Anyway they are a little pricier than olive garden but well worth it, especially if you've got a coupon. Bottom line: it was tasty and I will probably be back.
5	We can't say enough good things about this place. The owner and wait staff were genuinely friendly and the food was great. I had the veal caprese and my wife had the canolone.  Both were exceptional and reasonably priced.  Unlike the chain Italian restaurants, the portions were reasonable instead of super-sized.  We were full but not stuffed when we finished.  We also brought our fourteen month old along.  They don't have a kids menu, so I can't call the restaurant "family friendly," but everyone was really friendly to our family. The owner even stopped by once or twice to pinch our son's cheeks.  We live near by and are considering becoming regulars here.
4	What a gem of a find, thanks my fellow yelpers.  I was staying down the street at the Tapatio Cliff resort.  I walked into the restaurant on property and wanted something different.  I yanked out my iphone and searched literally down the block this gem was.  I sat at the bar and enjoyed a delightful meal of eggplant parmagiana.  It was filling and the bartender was entertaining.  Next time I am in moon valley I will make a trip over to enjoy this place again.
5	My husband and I want to give six stars!!!!  We've driven by this place for a year, and always talked about going in....SO sorry we waited so long!!!  Very pretty little place.  The service was great and very warm.  I had the butternut squash ravioli and in was in heaven for every single bite!!!  We will be back often and plan to take my daughter next time.  I don't think they have a kid's menu, but our server said they could do spaghetti and meatballs or fettucine with chicken.  Perfect.  Thank you Jennifer!!!  We loved it!!!  =)
4	This place was excellent. The butternut squash ravioli was to die for! The lasagna that my husband had was average, although he quite liked it! Our waiter was new, he had a great sense of humor for someone who was stressed out;-) However, like the ravioli, the pasta was homemade and quite delicate. The house salad was also quite good!
2	I saw amazing reviews on Yelp, so decided to go here.  I left very confused how these reviews came about.We ordered cocktails, which were tasty.  We also ordered an appetizer, carpaccio.  We promptly received that and bread.  Those were both fine.  We waited what seemed like an eternity for our server to come back to our table to order.  I watched him go to every table around us a couple times while we received our appetizer, ate it, and a busser took the plate before I flagged him down so we could order.  My friend ordered the lasagna, which tasted like a Wendy's cheeseburger.  Seriously, my friend said try it and tell me what fast food it tastes like.  I laughed and then tasted it to find it tasted exactly like a double stack, but 10 times the price.  I ordered the pollo salute that was described as chicken topped with marscapone, prosciutto, and a brandy mushroom sauce.  I didn't find any marscapone or prosciutto on top, but there was a mushroom sauce that reminded me of Campbell's Cream of  Mushroom soup.  I was certain they followed the recipe on the can.  I had a side of penne pasta covered in the bland marinara and vegetables.  The vegetables were good.  I didn't really understand the pasta in marinara since the chicken had a sauce already on it.  Why the two completely different sauces?I asked for more bread to fill myself up because I didn't want to finish my food and it was taken away after I ate one piece.  It was terrible service and since I used a restaurant.com gift certificate, gratuity was automatically added on.  The food was terrible.  How did it get all these great reviews?  It was like one of our exes was the chef that night and wanted us to have the worst meal ever.  I don't know how else to explain the the huge difference between what we experienced and what has been written on Yelp.
5	I'm still laughing reading poor Maribeth's review below; I think maybe her ex DID pay someone to play an awful joke on her.  Like drugging her and taking her to Wendy's and telling her she was at Salute.  This place is the best little neighborhood secret ever and I only hope everyone reads and believes Maribeth's review so I can still get a table on Friday nights without making a reservation.
2	Yech. I wanted to give it one star but my son said that was too harsh. The garlic bread was good, and the mussels were really good. But the Mediterrean chicken was way overcooked and  hard. My salmon was thin, overlooked, and fishy.  The house salads were passable. I think we dropped about $60. It was definitely not worth it.
4	This is such a nice little neighborhood place.  I don't know why I didn't know that.  Our manager came and sat with us (I LOVE when that happens) and we were excited to use the appreciation coupon for a wonderful dinner for two.  Our food was excellent right down to the tiramisu that we split for dessert.  And who knew they had a live jazz piano player in the back.  I also checked out the happy hour menu and am hoping to take advantage of that many times.  We will definitely be back.
4	9:15 Pm...not a lot of places open in Moon Valley.  But they were SO accomodating.  Made us feel very welcome and helped my friend who is on a very limited diet right now.  Love the place.
4	Tonight we had a special request for the staff...a guest who is on a gluten-free diet and is allergic to all dairy products.  Our waitress, Julie, bent over backwards to accomodate him and made us all feel comfortable with the choices.  I really do LOVE this place.  After watching Hell's Kitchen, I was craving Chicken parm...and it was yummy...it would have impressed Gordon Ramsey.  Our bottle of chianti was smooth.  The tiramusis - to die for.
3	Cozy, romantic little neighborhood Italian joint.Food was pretty good. My husband had the meat lasagna which he said was decent. I had the gnocchi which was tender and tasty with an okay vodka sauce.Didn't care for the bread that came out first, nor for the house salad.My dirty martini was spot on and a good price even with premium vodka.Service was mixed. The bussers were on top of it with filling the water and bread. I felt our server was a bit cold towards us however. Not rude or mean but a bit impatient and unfriendly. Was it the restaurant.com certificate? It's a shame that I feel compelled to tell servers that we tip well over 20% of the original bill. I shouldn't have to. We may or may not be back. Food was good but there are many other delicious Italian options to commit to it.
4	This place is great.  The food is good and the service is always friendly and prompt.  We have been in a number of times over the years and they always remember us each time.  Oso bucco is great.  The eggplant is good.    The steamer appetizer is excellent A little detracted by the strip mall location, but that's life in metro Phoenix.  Overall a nice local restaurant with good food, fair prices, and friendly service.  We will definitely continue to go back.
4	The food was very good and authentic and the decor was fine, but forced in such an awkward strip mall location. I didn't like our salesman-like server's approach but I'm sure the restaurant owner appreciates his upselling techniques. He did a very good job when he wasn't trying to upgrade every item that was ordered and the support staff was on point keeping bread and water full. I would definitely go back.
5	My husband and I have been here several times, both for large functions and on our own.  What we always notice is how attentive the wait staff is.  And they really seem to care about our dining experience.  Of the appetizers, we love the antipasto, stuff mushrooms and seafood salad.  The butternut squash ravioli is awesome, as is everything we've tried.  The strip mall location isn't particularly appealing, but the good food and excellent service will keep us coming back.
5	Very, very good. Top notch calamari and scampi appetizers. Excellent garlic bread.Entrees were eggplant parm- great; lasagna- excellent; orange roughy with capers and artichokes-amazing and cheese tortellini with 4 cheese sauce- also great.Perfect service- a really on the ball waiter. Close to Hilton Tapatio  Cliffs too.Cozy place, nicely lit made you forget about the strip mall locale.
5	Saturday night at Salutes is a real treat.  The live jazz duo sings quietly and adds to the ambience of this local gem.  The staff is always friendly and makes some reference to your last trip which makes you feel special.  And speaking of special...their chicken florentine special was mouth-watering.  I'm sure the bottle of Chianti helped...but just LOVED the experience.
4	Dined here on Friday night. They had a singer and piano player, nice atmosphere. The stuffed mushrooms and antipasto platters were delicious. The cioppino was perfect, nice fresh shellfish and perfectly seasoned marinara. Tiramisu was home made and a great finisher. Large portions and reasonable prices (they throw in the salads with the entrees gratis). Service was attentive but not overbearing. We'll be back....
3	First off the place is very cute, cozy.  They had a couple of musicians who were very good.  The last time I was there I remembered the music to be a distraction.  This couple was very good.  Service is excellent.  We started off with the Mussels Marinara.  Maybe the best mussels I have had.  The marinara was to die for!  Next we had Calamari Fritti.  They were cooked to perfection. The marinara was not as flavorful as with the mussels though.  Still, it earns a 5.  The house salad was great.  I can't remember having a better Italian dressing!  So why the 3 overall?  My wife and I were both disappointed with the entrees.  On the recommendation of the waiter I had the Eggplant Parmesian.  The first bite the eggplant was chewy. Now the marinara sauce had no flavor!  Same for the cheese, no provolone?  I admit I am very picky with food especially  eggplant parm so I  rarely order it because I usually am disappointed.  I cook as a hobby and I grill the eggplant over charcoal instead of frying it and it is wonderful.  I also use 3 cheeses.  Anyway, back to this review, my wife had the mahi-mahi.  It was okay,  It was slightly fishy.  Again, kind of a disappointment after such a wonderful start.  I should have stuck with my original plan, just fill up on their wonderful appetizers.  I should also mention that their Zinfandel was also great and my wife said the Creme Brulee was the best she ever had.  Their secret, chocolate on the bottom!  This is not the only restaurant where the appetizers and drinks were fantastic and the entrees were only fair.  Still, I think most people will be very happy with this cozy little restaurant.  We will be back.
5	Went with family last night...loved it! Our server, Julie, was excellent- extremely friendly and attentive to our table. The stuffed mushroom and shrimp scampi appetizers were delicious...excellent for dipping the really good garlic bread in the sauces. :) My daughter said that the fettuccine alfredo (not on the menu, but offered) was the best she's ever tasted. The butternut squash ravioli was very rich (almost too rich) but quite tasty. The guys both got the crab and shrimp stuffed ravioli with walnut cream sauce (not on the regular menu)- both loved it!  It's a really great place for a special date or a quaint dinner with friends.
5	I've been waiting to change from four stars to five and tonights dining experience did it.  The staff always makes us feel like one of their family and tonight was no different.  My eggplant parmesan was mouth-watering accompanied with their house Chianti.  Friday night live jazz always a pleasure.  Thanks, Julie, for noticing my hair...yours was adorable as well!  BTW...the place was packed...you may need a reservation!
1	Husband ordered calamari,  tasted like the oil was very old.   Watched waiter bring our food to table next to us and then take it back to kitchen..then they brought us both salads with OLD, BROWN lettuce.    Seriously, that was a first for me.  I have never been served spoiled lettuce at a restaurant.     Hubby had salmon and said the flavor was good.   I had stuffed pork loin special which was good, with the exception of the "side" of pasta with pink, disgusting sauce on it.   What a disappointment.
4	being a native Long Islander this was a nice find. Went there w my fiance and my father who are very much food snobs ......all our meals were wonderful I had the salmon and asked for no butter etc and they were very acomadating .......apps were the anti pasta and calamari and both were great !
1	We would not dine there again.  The food was bland and flavorless.  The atmosphere and pasta weren't bad.  My husband also said the espresso wasn't bad.  I think they cater to the over 65 crowd.
5	When we were seated, the first thought I had was that the restaurant had a surprisingly excellent sound system with a wonderful selection of moody, bluesy music. Then lo and behold, I realized it was live music! A talented man on a keyboard and a woman with a great voice provided a wonderful background to a memorable evening of dining. I had the Veal Toscana. If this was not the best veal I have had in my life then it certainly was the best veal in the last 25 years. My husband had Shrimp Risotto and he was enthusiastic it as well. The entrees came with a perfectly dressed salad made with a balsamic vinaigrette that was not the usual dressing overwhelmed by the vinegar. They must have used a white balsamic because it was so subtle. For dessert we had spumoni which came encased in chocolate and was delicious and rich...nothing like my vapid spumoni from my youth in the 50's.Oh we will return for sure!
5	Delicious meal. Veal piccata after calamari appetizer. Very good service. A real treat!
5	Went there last night and it was excellent as always.  We enjoyed the stuffed pork tenderloin special and the friendly service.  Great local place.
5	This place is awesome.  Ive been here with a group of friends and ive been here with a date. Whatever the occasion its going to be just the right atmosphere. The service is great and the people who work there are so nice to talk with.On one visit I had the Lamb osso bucco (braised lamb) which was melt in your mouth amazing and full of flavor! The lamb was so tender it just fell off the bone. Placed over linguine it was a lot of food for me so I took my left overs home. I rarely will eat left overs but this dish was so good I warmed up the left overs the next day, FOR BREAKFAST! LOL It tasted just as good too!  Another dish that I would highly recommend is the Zucca ravioli. Its a butternut squash ravioli that is served in this 4 cheese sauce.  Surprisingly, the sauce is not heavy at all as you would expect with a 4 cheese sauce. The combination of the butternut squash ravioli and the airy lite cheese sauce is complete heaven! Im not even a fan of any kind of squash but this is my new favorite dish and I would order this dish without a second thought. Its absolutely delicious and you will enjoy it again and again.  Salute!
5	Have you tried their summer menu?  $47 for a bottle of wine, appetizer, salad, entreeand some mouth-watering tiramisu for two.  Great quiet little booth, accommating staff.  And for those of you who read something in the MV minutes...they are NOT being sold.  Thank goodness.
2	Ate here this evening, food was just ok.  The service was very slow and the help was not that friendly.   To top it all we had a Restaurant.com certificate, which states to "tip" on the whole amount which we normally do, but the waitress, Jennifer took it upon herself to add the gratuity of 20% of the entire bill with the tax.  She was not worth 20%.  We just paid and left will never go back.  The lasagna tasted like "Greek" lasagna and had nutmeg in the sauce.  My chicken was dry.  Disappointed.
2	Unfortunately, the live music, great service and food that made Salute rise above the hundreds of other little Italian places in the Valley seem to be gone.  The entertainment created an ambience that just made you want to dine here regardless of everything else.  But on our last visit when we were told they were out of the first two things we ordered, early on a Frid. evening, and they had discontinued another dish we requested, we were concerned.  That was followed by really bad service and an awful meal that we picked at and left.  And I feel bad for this place because they will need to really step it up to make up for becoming a "Goodwill" strip center and I don't think they can cut it.
5	On vacation staying at the Hilton resort down the street. Found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to try it out based on other reviews. The service is impeccable and the food is fantastic. I had the lasagna and my friend had zucca ravioli. I wanted to lick the plate sooooo bad. Decor is elegant, yet rustic. Be sure to save room for the tiramisu or creme brulee.
4	I and three friends went there to eat because it was close to our hotel and we had had enough mexican for awhile.Food was very good. The waitress made us feel like family and was very helpful with suggestions and took care of one of my friends special requests for something that wasn't on the menu.Overall very good dining experience. Above average food, not your Olive Garden stuff, and a great waitress. We all left full, happy, laughing. What could be better.
1	bad service from the get go, the only reason why we went here was because a restaurants.com coupon  we had bought, and they just make you feel like you are getting it for free, they do not realize that we paid for the coupon and this is a way to have your restaurant be known, I have another groupon and I rather lose it then go again.
5	Excellent service and food is to-die-for! I've never had a bad experience at Salute and usually make it a point to have dinner here whenever I'm in Phoenix (once or twice a year). Their Ravioli di Zucca, the butternut squash ravioli served in a 4-cheese sauce, is mouth-wateringly good. I DREAM about it. Good wine selection, fun and knowledgeable staff, all in all a great place! Last time I was there a waiter from a different table accidentally took my dad's food from the kitchen and served it to one of his tables (I guess they ordered the same dish), which made it so my dad's food didn't come out at the same time as the rest of ours. The waiter felt SO BAD that he came over and apologized repeatedly, as did our server, and they gave us a free dessert. They are super nice!
1	We went here for a birthday expecting it to be good based on the reviews, the restaurant itself is nice but the food was terrible beyond belief. I got the steak from there and when I cut into it, it looked stringing, rough, and disgusting. I couldn't eat it. My family was completely grossed out with their meals. When we went to tell the lady that our meals were terrible she was being sarcastic and very rude, in my opinion she has no respect for customers what so ever and for as nice as restaurant it is I will never go there again.
4	Salute has been here for many years now,  preparing southern Italian specialties for all that time, artfully presented amd and with great quality. I have been here many times over the years and appreciate the warm staff and excellent service!
3	basic food, nothing special, but all tasted good.  Limited menu, funny wine selection, no multipuciano, or other usual italian wines.  Just the popular basics.  Right next to Goodwill, but better than you'd expect
4	We had the mahi mahi special and butternut squash ravioli.  Both delicious.  Service was very good and liked the atmosphere.
1	DO NOT COME HERE! I'm not sure why this restaurant gets the reviews it does. First off... salmon is not white... its pink.  We spent 25 dollars on the special that was far from special.  Dried out crab stuffed in white chewing salmon. Really?The veal... don't get us started.  Chewy and I'm not convinced it was actually veal. The vegetables on both plates were not even luke warm.  Go to Babbo and spend a 3/4 of what we did.  What I'd do to have my 80 plus dollars back!  Summed up... just buy a tv dinner and save the cash!
4	Wow, don't let the strip mall location fool you.  This lovely diamond in the rough had really good food, a great selection of wine, and a nice quiet atmosphere.  2 people in my party had the t-bone special and I had the Italian chicken in a lemon caper sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised, and would definitely return if ever in the area again.
5	Great service, great food & great prices. Win for a local business! Check out their $55 couple special. Includes a bottle of wine and a couple beers.
5	The best hidden gem in Phoenix.This little italian retaurant is one of my favorite places to dine when there is a special occassion. The location is fairly inconspicuous. I only found out about it because of a deal online that they had. Why its so great:The retaurant is small and quaint. Perfect for a romantic date. I also brought family here as well. The service has been absolutely wonderful every time I've gone. The very best part by far is the dinner I get there every time I go. I usually like to change things up but I get the same dinner here every time.This restaurant offers the best dinner I've had in all of my 7 years I've lived in Phoenix - and this is no joke. Best tasting dinner ever: The Cannelloni. The combination of crepes, veal, and sauce are melt in your mouth delicious. I always leave completely satisfied and always look forward to coming back.
5	We were thoroughly delighted with the service and dinner at Salute. Being from the East Coast, we have been looking for a decent Italian restaurant...and this one is practically in our back yard!Our server, Thomas, was friendly, helpful and top notch in recommendations.  We were immediately served with a basket of garlic bread; not overpowering, and just enough to keep us busy while we perused the menu and ordered drinks. We had an unbelievable antipasto that included delicious cantaloupe with proscuitto. He let us know that if we wanted, on a future visit, we could just order the cantaloupe with proscuitto...good to know!My boyfriend judges every Italian restaurant with the "meatball test". A few meatballs for an appetizer or with the meal. We were served 2 meatballs with melted mozzarella and gravy...excellent! Nice flavor; didn't taste like all filler and the gravy (sauce) was fresh, not overly seasoned. We looked forward to our entrees. I got the Eggplant Parmesan, served with penne and marinara as well as fresh, steamed vegetables. I loved it. Again, you could tell everything was made to order and the flavors all melded together. My boyfriend ordered one of the specials of the day; homemade crab and shrimp ravioli in cream sauce. I'm not a big cream sauce person, but I had a taste and it was yummy. You could taste the crab meat; the ravioli pasta was light and the sauce worked beautifully with the ravioli. We were on a roll so decided to go for dessert; creme brulee for me and home made cannollis for him, with fresh coffee. We have found out special Italian place. The atmosphere was nice; don't let its placement in a strip mall fool you. Salute is an enjoyable Italian meal getaway. We will be back (and have been back) again!
4	Referred there by concierge while staying at Pointe Hilton - just down the street.  We were advised to not judge a book by it cover as the restaurant is in a strip mall next to a Dollar Tree.   Well, we didn't and I have to say the food was excellent!  My wife had Mediterranean Chicken and I had Rigatoni Di Bosco.  Both dishes were excellent, came with great bread and salad.  Our server was really friendly and did a great job.  Only thing keeping it as a 4 instead of a 5 was the ambiance (strip center thing). Wine list was very basic - so don't expect a big selection. Not quite red or white, but only about 1 or 2 selections to pick from of Cabs, Merlots, Grigio's, etc.. Does have a outside patio for dining (which we took advantage of given the beautiful Phoenix evening).  However, it is right between parking lot and front of restaurant,  so again not much ambiance, but being from Ohio and able to eat outside in November it didn't bother my wife and I at all. I would definitely recommend for the food and service quality, but no need to dress up.
5	This place was so great! My friend and I wanted to treat ourselves to a nice dinner and this ended up being the perfect place! We got a discount for checking in, and the food and service was amazing. Definitely recommend the mussle appetizer and clam pasta!
5	Excellent food and service
5	Great food, great little place and great service. Don't be fooled by the outside appearance, the inside is great!
1	We have been going to Salute for over 10 years.  Has been our favorite place to go.  Went there for New Years Eve last night, never again.  Still great food, service questionable depending on the server but the owner/boss whatever she is has to be the most ignorant, uncaring, un-service oriented person I have ever met.  We merely questioned the menu re the lack of potato with a steak, the lack of Caesar salad at an Italian restaurant and she more or less told us too bad, the chef is working hard.  She told us that is the way it is, no apology.  We wanted to use a gift certificate from Restaurant.Com, wouldn't accept it.  Finally agreed to take a plain gift certificate.  We told her that we were not happy and would not be back.  She blatantly said, "I don't care" .  They will be out of business within 2 years.  Too bad, great place.  We talked to both staff members and other patrons on the way out and they totally agreed.
