2	**Update**I've been back to Rambo's several times since my original experience and have had a few different entrees, none of which was really great, unfortunately.  I think the place could use the help of an experienced chef who can give them a better selection of menu items.**Original Review** This is a really neat place, aiming to be Las Vegas' first and only 60's themed restaurant.  The decor is really fun and full of 60's memorabilia/pop art, etc.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that I haven't actually had the food yet - my girlfriend and I stopped in to get a couple malts.  We came in just at closing time and the owner gave us 2 malts for the price of one as a "welcome to Rambo's", which was very nice of him.  I'm looking forward to coming back for breakfast or lunch and giving an updated review.
5	The decor is fun and funky.  Tie dye table cloths covered with glass (which were all impeccably clean)!  The service is over the top friendly and quick.  The fried zucchini is delicious!  I'll definitely return!
2	Cute theme, poorly executed. Our waitress was obviously new and had received little to no training by her performance. Wifey wanted the club sandwich and was told they'd run out of wheat bread, not good, so she opted for the rye. Standard, typical sandwich and for the great price of $9.I ordered the cheese steak sandwich. Definitely not enough meat on it as both ends had about 2" of plain bread. The meat was very dry & cool by the time it got to me.I can go to Putters by our house and get 3 times the meat for the same price and it comes without an upcharge for fries and piping hot.It all adds up to us not being impressed with the food and the prices were on the high side. In Vegas when every little bar, PT's, the Lodge and Putters, serve a club sandwich & cheese steak you better make yours stand out, and theirs didn't.Their one saving grace is their french fries are really good!
5	Great Food! Great ServiceBest coleslaw I have ever had. Had the cheesy cheeseburger. Wow the burger was fresh not frozen, had the homemade chips with it. They were great. Boyfriend had the fish and chips, he loved it.The owner was so nice, she chatted with us for a few minutes. They are going to featured in the RJ I think she said the 23rd. She asked us to fill out the comment cards, she told us she listens to what the customers have to say. That is why the coleslaw is so good. They have changed the recipe a few times to get it right. Go there you will not be disappointed.
2	The food was 2-Stars but the service was worth 4 stars. To quote the husband, "Great idea, great service, poorly executed". It's actually kinda funny bc I see that Micheal R.'s first few words are practically the same as my husband's thoughts. Restaurant is very cute. Tie die, pin-up, 60's, California, celebrities plastered all over the walls. Service was great. Our waitress was very sweet, was on top of refills and checked up on us often. They offered smiles every time we looked up. The food... Oh, the food. My husband had a Pastrami sandwich on Rye and his words were "Subway puts more meat on theirs and it wasn't anything special". I had the Chicago dog, first of all it was $5.?? and all I get is a hot dog, really? No fries included? Drink? The hot dog itself was a little too salty for my taste but the fillers made it a little better. The bun, well, my husband took the first bite and as he handed the dog back to me, the hot dog fell through the bun?! WTH? The bun was toasted so by the time it got to me, it was pretty hard so I guess that's why? I dono. Husband liked the snap in the hot dog but I don't care much for it, I like to get the food to my belly as fast as possible and the snap is kind of an obstacle haha. I noticed that most of the 5-Star ratings came from burgers, so maybe I'll be able to update my review for the better. I'd like to give this place a second chance but unless their recipes change, it's not likely that we will.
4	A couple of my co-workers have been talking about coming here , but none of us have made the attempt until now.  My wife and i moved to Vegas 3 months ago and everything around town to us just seemed so... plain.   When we walked in to Rambo's my wife and i were extremely surprised as to the decor.  I actually really liked it. I grew up listening to music from the 60's  ( my dad was kind of a hippy ). We started with the fried mushrooms .. these were not the ordinary little tiny button mushrooms. These were pretty large and full size.  They came with a light batter with Parmesan cheese and ranch dressing. They were delightful!I ordered a Rambo burger ( cheese inside , burger , pulled pork and a huge onion ring ) and let me tell you , the flavor was amazing. There was not one flavor that overwhelmed the other.  The cheese was just the right amount.  It came with fresh cut fries with skin on , and i opted for the potato salad.  Fries were yummy , but i wasnt a fan of the Potato Salad.  My wife ordered a Turkey Avocado Croissant with fries.  She was in heaven. She explained that the croissant was fluffy and buttery , the meat delectable.  One of the best she has in quite a while. We ended the meal with a piece of fresh made red velvet cake. It tasted like it was made with vanilla frosting ( my preference anyway ) but after talking with one of the owners it was a lightly whipped cream cheese ( can i have the recipe please ! ) All in all a great meal.  It set us back less than 30 dollars ( not including tip) Service was excellent , the waitress ( Emily ? )  was extremely friendly , knew the menu well and even offered us books and playing cards while the food was being cooked.   It wasnt the fastet food in town , but good food sometimes takes a little bit longer. Definitely will be back !
3	I went to Rambo's last week with my wife. Its kind of funny, we both have default dishes we order when we go to a particular type of restaurant for the first time. Since Rambo's is a dinner style joint, I had the french dip, she did the patty melt. My only complaint would be that my sandwich was a little small for the price and they didn't give us a lot of fries with the meal. There are other items on the menu that come in better proportions for the cost. Besides that minor gripe we both enjoyed our meal and would probably visit the place again.  The ambiance alone is worth a trip, what a unique restaurant to find out in the burbs.
2	This place is made to look like a Hippie's Hideout. There is tie dye everywhere, along with multiple vintage looking items. I've been here 3 times now. I like to try different things on the menu before i dislike a place. Good service. Decent pricing. Cool idea. Food is fresh, not necessarily good. I wouldn't say it's bad food. It's kinda like "stoner food". They have a special burger graced with the name of the place. The Rambo burger is a burger piled with pulled pork and onion rings. I'm not big on food presentation but I felt like I was eating something that I knew was not good for me. Same with the Rambo breakfast platter. It's eggs, and sausage with an obscene amount of gravy. I was extremely excited about the Monte Cristo. Then very disappointed. It just wasn't that good.Unfortunately, Rambo's falls short.
4	Ate here about a month ago, actually ordered and took home. Had the chilidog, husband had fish and chips. Everything was really good. Chili and Fries were delicious. Will definitely eat here again. They were a little on the slow side to get it all together, but that was fine. They were extra attentive though, you can tell they care about their service.The coleslaw was bland in my opinion.
3	I really wanted to love this place.  I love the theme.  I am always looking for a good lunch spot that still serves breakfast at 1pm.  The atmosphere:  Trippy, man.  *(that's good in hippy speak) From the myriad of peace signs on the wall to the large coffee table books on each table, it was a good representation of the theme.  The food:  party of 3 and we had1) corn dog with fries -- can't really mess up a corn dog but the fries were fresh and hand cut. so B+2) Hand breaded large pork chop from the daily special, pork chop w/ eggs.  Pork chop was A+++  the eggs (we got hard boiled) ice cold -- C- - - so we'll give that one a B. 3) Fish nibblers w/ fresh coleslaw. A-We also ask for the selection of cold cereal which the waitress didn't know what they had and never bothered to come back and tell us.  and this brings us to the 'sticking' point.  It was 1pm on Friday and there was only 1 other table.  Yet the service was so poor that we felt compelled to rush our lunch and go.  Not to mention that on their menu they had for Friday if you wore tie-dye (and we did) we'd get 10% off -- it's also here on yelp as well.  Apparently the waitress was uninformed of this as well.  it takes at least 3 times for us to NOT go back to a place so we will go again. I so wanted to try their meatloaf to see if it was just like mama used to make.
5	Was it my love of dogs that brought me to Rambo's Kitchen?  (There is a picture of the owner's dog "Rambo" on the sign)  I stopped in last night for dinner, and knew the moment I walked in that this place had a shot at being great.  The restaurant is decked out with tie-dye, vintage concert posters, and other 60's and 70's era memorabilia.  A few menu items and specials are written on the wall, and the music plays at an appropriate level.  Last night "Bernadette" by the Temptations was on as we entered, a personal favorite.  The menu has a lot of variety; its a good idea to ask your server what's delicious?  Most items come with a side, and even though there were a lot of choices, we both ordered the hand-cut fries.Our Dinner:Sm. Onion rings - They were standard onion rings, not too greasy, crisp coating.  The side of ranch they are served with is key.Turkey Avocado Croissant w/ hand cut fries - A flaky, buttery croissant hugged some fresh slices of avocado, lettuce, tasty turkey, and a little aioli.  It was very good.  The FRIES are excellent.  The hand-cut bad boys were in-and-out strives to be, but falls short of accomplishing.  They aren't fast food fries, but they are similar to in-and-out in cut.  The RAMBO BURGER - Oh Yeeeaaahhhh!  (Hulk Hogan voice)As soon as I saw this I figured, "I worked hard this week, I earned this."  This juicy, 1/2 pound burger is stuffed with various cheeses, (mild with a hint of sharp cheddar) topped with home made BBQ Pulled Pork and an onion ring.  The lightly toasted bun was incredible.  If this burger won an award, it would first thank the bun for its great support.  There is a roll of paper towels on the table so fear not, a little contained chaos is what all of us need once in a while.  I liked the flavors a lot.  I asked for a side of BBQ sauce and dipped a bit because it was so good.Bottom Line:  My parents and yours would love this place.  I love Rambo's Kitchen because it is family run, practically everything is made from scratch, it is reasonably priced, and fun.  This is a Diner's Drive ins, and Dives spot waiting to be discovered.
4	This is an update.  We've now gone back 2 more times and have upped the rating to 4**** because the service has vastly improved.  the food was awesome before but with the service and the great atmosphere it is on the way to becoming our GoTo place for Wednesday (which is also comic book release day up the street) So good job Rambo's in getting the service in line with the great food. BTW..the meatloaf I mentioned before? sublime.  and we also ventured to the hand made donuts.  Worth the trip for those alone.
5	I have often complained that Las Vegas lacks good independent diners.  Rambos definitely fills that spot.  The decor is kitchie, the service is nice and the food is awesome.  Its nothing fancy, but its really good burgers, fries, shake, and sandwhiches.  I had the Rambo burger, which was very good, especially the stuffed cheesy middle.  Also the homemade potato chips were delicious.  I will definitely be back and recommend it to my friends.
5	I absolutely love this place. The food is good, the atmosphere is fun, and the workers are incredibly nice. You owe it to yourself to check this place out!
5	I knew this was gonna be a cool place as I walked in the door when I saw the surfboards painted on the wall, the Jimi Hendrix picture, and the employees wearing tie dyed shirts. The walls are covered in pictures and memorabilia from the 60's and 70's and the restaurant has just the right lighting to create a cool atmosphere.Lot of good selections on the menu. You gotta try the Rambo burger simply the best burger in town. They even put cheese inside this huge 1/2 lb. burger. Now that is cool. Other good items I've tried are the fish and chips which are very good and they also have an awesome pork chop plate.
3	My nephew was in town, he wanted to go to Subway...we said no way!! LOL I have a list in my phone I compiled of all the restaurants I want to try in Vegas...its an ever expanding list:) I found Rambo's so we decided to go there.The atmosphere was groovy, lots of color and fun things to look at, TV with old movies playing, music from the 60's and 70's playing (it was a bit too loud to chat during lunch). Staff was friendly and  helpful. offered  games to play while we waited for our food which is a fun idea. They also gave us all our sodas in to go cups before we left, I dig when places do simple acts like that.My hubby got the Rambo burger (cheese inside the burger, topped with BBQ pulled pork and onion ring)  waffle fries, pasta salad, and a pickle. He loved it, I had a bite...fries were good, salad was average, the burger was good...but I really liked the pulled BBQ pork. My nephew got the club  with avocado and waffle fries, he loved it. I got the fish nib appetizer and Rambo chips...the fish was not greasy which is a plus but was tasteless as well, the chips were a bit over done to my liking but were okay. My brother got the chilicheese dog which looked like it was not lacking on toppings, hot dog was plump and juicy.There were alot of interesting items on the menu which I so wanted to try but I wasn't very hungry at the time we went, so we are definitely planning on going back for another try...will update.
2	The wife and I decided to try out Rambo's a few days ago when we were craving some simple and filling food for dinner.First off, let me say the service was super friendly and the decor is faultless. Five stars for service, four for decor.Now, on to the food. We ordered a serve of onion rings with ranch dip, the wife got a breakfast plate with eggs and other things and I had some sort of breaded chicken sandwich.The onion rings were awful, only breaded on one side and so drenched in residual oil from the cooking. Rather than ranch they came with some sort of light brown sauce that looked like peanut butter but tasted vaguely of barbeque sauce. I wasn't a fan of rings or sauce.The main meals were decent - they were what they were. OK enough and entirely unremarkable. The real star of my meal was my waffle fries which were cooked perfectly.Rambo's Kitchen is a pleasant atmosphere and the food is generally fine for what it is, but there's nothing here that would call me back for a second visit.
3	Love the food.  Great atmosphere.  Very quaint.  However, don't go during what would be considered typical busy times as there are usually only two or three people working at any given time and if the restaurant is even half full you can expect long delays before getting your food.  You can also expect the quality of your meal to lessen as the occupancy rises.  They cut corners on cooking and preparation in order to accommodate the increased capacity.
2	Our friends have raved about this place for breakfast, so after a particularly hectic week we ordered a bunch of burgers about forty minutes before closing. The staff seemed very nice and the decor is fun and very laid back, but clean and set up very nicely. However, the food, once we brought it home was less than stellar. The burgers were not done very well, the corn dog was completely cold (it's less than a two minute drive to our house), and the fries were flaccid, flavorless and beyond disappointing.  The only reason this was not a one star was due to the nice service and friendly atmosphere. I suppose we'll still have to try the breakfast menu there, but as it this is not a place we will frequent for dinner again.
4	I managed to head back to Rambo's last week with my girlfriend.  The service is always friendly.  While it still took a significant amount of time to get our meal, everything was fantastic.   We went during a peak time (noon) and it wasn't overly busy.  I recommend Rambo's.  Go if you have plenty of time to spare of lunch.  You won't be disappointed.
4	planning on going back today
1	Yuck! What is that smell???Blow out the candles already!I had to eat outside, this place smelled so badly of perfumes! I ordered 5 things off the menu to try a little of everything. The hot dog was good, the chicken sandwich was nothing to comment on, the fries were burnt, the burger was dry and tasteless even With thousand island on it, and the rest was so dull and boring that I can't even remember what it was.
4	Really good burger and fries.  Had the Rambo burger, pulled pork and an onion ring top it.  Friends got a burger with peanut butter and an egg on it.  Overall one of the better burgers I've had in Vegas.  Once I try the PB and egg burger this might become 5 stars.  If you like burgers, you should stop in.
2	I saw this place online and my coworkers and I have been looking for someplace cool and new to go to. The tye dye and the really cool games and fun stuff to do when you come in was pretty exciting. It's kitchy and has a good nitch. I was looking for Sylvester Stallone to come out with an arrow pointed at me. But I felt like we should smoke a joint. Eh Well first impression is seat yourself. Check. Second is get my own menus? Well There were only two people we saw and we decided to go ahead and get our own since it was so busy. (please detect the hint of sarcasm in my font)We sat down outside with the nice warm sun frolicking on our faces. I was halfway in the sun and the rainbow umbrella. I was trying to get half baked.I ordered the Rambo Burger. It wasn't like the picture when I recieved it. Now that's kind of a disappointment. I also ordered chili cheese fries. Which was an extra 6.89...ok? My 11.00 burger came with fries but if I wanted the chili cheese I had to pay full price? Instead of ordering a side of chili, cheese, and onions? Well my LARGE coleslaw came in a ramekin. My coworker got a side pasta salad which comes in a one ounce plastic container? But that doesn't explain a normal size fry is more than a swallow? I was disappointed in the sides not being fried as a small lil mouthful. My burger was good. But...I expected cheese in it and I didn't get much. The server said there's two ounces of cheese in it. Nope...there wasn't maybe .5 or less of an ounce. I'm sorry I know my sizes because yes I am an expert in the restaurant industry. Unfortunately the service and the food were just ok. I do like the ambiance. But overall there a few things that could be changed to make this a better place. For you...and for me...and the entire human race....
3	Went here on Saturday evening with wife and kids (2.5 year old and 10 month old). Walked in and place was basically empty, except for the eclectic decor of 60's and 70's memorabilia. Very colorful place with tie-dye table clothes and such. Definitely gives a laid back atmosphere to the place. Everything went pretty much normal from here. Ordered drinks (no beer? what up wit dat) Then ordered food. I had the Rambo Burger, my wife the Cheesy Cheese Burger, and my son the Corn Dog Kitty basket. My burger was excellent. It's handmade and stuffed with cheese. Was cooked perfectly with slight char on outside but very juicy still. Topped with the pulled pork and barbecue sauce, it was a delicious sloppy mess. I also had the hand made potato chips which were a bit soggy but still good. My wife liked her burger and one my son ate all his food too. My only other qualm with the place was $6.89 for my son's kid menu basket. I mean it was decent size corn dog, but I expect $5 and under to feed my two year old. All in all it was just under $40 after tax and tip for two burgers, a corn dog, some fries, and one drink (i had water, wife iced tea) Bit pricey for what is basically a diner, but the food was good enough to have me go back.
5	Really cool place!  They have games and books (about the 70's mostly) for you to play while you wait for your food.  I can't speak for much on the menu as I've only been once but the Rambo burger is the BEST burger in Las Vegas.  I'm a hardcore In-N-Out double double fan - as well as appreciating any good burger, but the Rambo burger will now have me giving up all the others when I get that craving.  It was cooked perfectly and all the flavors just made it taste amazing.  Also, get the homemade fries to go with it if you appreciate a real potato being sliced and fried to make REAL french fries.
1	Gave it one more shot.  Started off good with the owner bringing menus and a quick welcoming smile.  Down hill from there.  No coffee, had to wait 15 mnutes for it to brew, burnt fries in very old oil, food that took forever and when it finally came out it was as if it was thrown together without a second thought.Quality slipping and waitress overload...  Shoulda known better when the waitress said we have a cook trainee, if there's anything wrong, we can fix it.
5	This place rocks! I love that it's got a really unique feel that only a small business can have- there's a lot of love that goes into this place, and the food. I had the rambo burger, which was divine... really. I'm picky about my burgers AND pulled pork, and the whole thing was delicious. Every bite was sooo good. It was one of those meals that makes you keep eating long after you're full, just because it tastes so good.The service was great! I was nervous, since there were so many mixed reviews here, but I can tell the owners are very customer service oriented. They even had surveys enclosed with the check, which I thought was very cool- a great, personal touch that a lot of businesses could really benefit from.I look forward to visiting again!
3	Greetings boys and girls or should I say what's happening cool cats and hippy chicks.  My main squeeze and I thought we would cruise on over and check out this Rambo's kitchen joint.  The atmosphere is radical.. a little trippy.  I was stoked about this place because if you know me, you know I love places that serve breakfast all day.  With that being said I order a breakfast burrito .. nice and plain just the way I like it.  I went ahead and splurged for hash browns (add $2).  This was a tough decision as they have a cheesy grilled cheese with your choice of 5 slices of cheese (Yup 5 slices I say -please take note my Muncheeze friends!).  Michael saw the club sandwich offered a choice of mayo or miracle whip and was sold...  Michael loves his miracle whip!  Order has been placed.. what is that on our table?? A couple of delightful genre appropriate coffee table books and a deck of cards.  Groovy!  For some reason it seemed to take awhile to get our order considering it was a sandwich and some eggs.. I think maybe the cook was MIA for awhile so that gave us time to read about the top Beatles songs of all time and watch some classic 60s commercials.  The food is not A-OK but just OK.  Michael said his club was "pretty good" however my breakfast burrito seemed like something I could have probably made at home and the hash browns were a tad too peppery.  They do have the good crushed ice and cherry cola in their favor but I am sad to report I don't know if I would need to go back.  In conclusion, I think this is a place you should check out because the decor is pretty cool, the service was good but they may need to spruce up the flavor profiles a smidge.Peace out! =)
3	I probably wouldn't have written an update since my opinion of this restaurant hadn't changed, but I was shocked when we walked in the door of Rambo's Kitchen last night and the waitress remembered us from our January visit and even knew I had Yelped them.  She provides great service, service was never an issue, the menu pulls you in...but then the food disappoints once again She encouraged us to try something we didn't have the last time, which we were both more than willing to do. My husband got the Rambo Dog with french fries...the hot dog is a big juicy flavorful dog, toppings are overflowing, which the bun wasn't up to the challenge but it was tasty but sloppy, the pulled pork topping once again is yummy. The french fries were bad, not sure if they tend to overcook them  or if their oil is old, but they were greasy. After serving them she noticed the state of the fries and offered to get us new ones, but we decided we didn't want another batch of  brown fries. I got the chicken breast platter (fried) with a salad and mashed potatoes...the salad was a good, the chicken looked beautiful, a nice sized piece of crispy chicken. But upon tasting it, I realized it was over salted, I determined it was the chicken, I tasted the coating alone and was perfect. The potatoes were bland, brown gravy was over the potatoes, which helped, but not enough to make a difference.We were lucky enough to get some warm cinnamon/sugar donuts for dessert, they were yummy, it made us feel a little better about our meal.I still love the decor, and music and games, and the fact you can have a drink to take with you. But I will not go back, unless they get new cooks. I recommend that if you do go, get something with the pulled pork...it has been consistently good.
5	Mmmmmmm..........fresh doughnuts
4	I had the Rambo burger from this place, and wow the thing was huge.  It is worth the price as its really filling
4	This place is almost hidden away, but it's worth tracking down. I had the turkey avocado croissant sandwich. It is to DIE for. Perfect flaky buttery croissant, a very healthy amount of turkey with tomatoes and avocado. It is like heaven in your mouth!! My boyfriend got Rambo's burger and it was a sloppy, delicious, bbq-y mess. Oh and their fried zucchini! The thing I really love about this place besides the food is their service. The owners are always there when I go and they are so friendly! The often have specials so check their website before you go or ask when you get there. They're pretty lenient with the criteria as well. There have been times when we missed out on special because our entrees haven't been $10 or more, but we still get the free appetizer. I imagine it would be a great place for kids too because they have tons of games, books to look at, and puzzles too!
4	We don't go out to eat a lot but when we do we like places that are a little different. This evening after a quick search on the net we discovered this place and thought we'd give it a try.I had the Rambo Burger and my girlfriend had the Cheesy Burger. Both items were awesome. I was a little worried that the fries wouldn't be to good having read some of the reviews. We found them to be just fine. No complaints from us.The decor was great and the service was fantastic. We'll definitely visit this place again.
1	I ordered the food to go.  Ordered chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes, got no potatoes and the gravy was horrible.  Tuna salad supposed to be white tuna, but was dark, tasted awful and extremely fishy.  The mushroom soup had zero flavor, it tasted like plain flour from too much flour to thicken.  Never have written a review before, but when everything you ordered was so bad, I felt compelled to do so.
3	Came here with a restaurant.com coupon. We were told when we sat down that the site had screwed up or something and they wouldn't honor the $25 coupon but would do $10 off instead. Um, ok. We ordered a few small things and everything was okay, a few things were really good. The donuts stand out the most, those were nice and warm. The waitress was super friendly and helpful. She related the message from management to us very professionally although I think if management was really doing their job, they should have come out and spoken to us personally. The decor is adorable and it was nice and quiet. Fun lunch out but not a place I would frequent.
5	I have to this was delicious!! I had the chicken Bacon avocado sandwich with fries and potato salad plus apple crumb pie. Try it out yourself
4	Very cool little diner.  Super friendly staff.  Good diner food, but not the best I've ever had.  If you like it deep fried though, this is your spot.They get extra points for the homemade potato chips.  The fresh cut fries were also yummy.
4	Cute little cafe in a good location. Not many non-chains to enjoy in the southwest valley! We visited for breakfast on a Saturday morning. First off the decor is distractingly great! From record covers to Woodstock photos there's so much to look at. The waitress was very nice and attentive. My friend had a request for well done hash browns and it was granted, no problem. I had their Twisted French Toast...I'm still thinking about it. Perfectly prepared with a swirl of strawberry throughout, so great!! The coffee was actually tasty, not watered down and weak like some diner-esque establishments. I even sent my parents here to try it out. They came for dinner (yes they're open pretty late), said the meal was like home cooked food, including the meatloaf. The owner welcomed them and when my dad proudly informed him that my mom had attended Woodstock it created an instant bond! No wonder the dedication to the 60's theme, the owner drove his motorcycle across the country to attend the music festival! Talk about inspiration. Cute place that I'll definitely visit again.
5	How do you not love Rambo's Kitchen. Everything about it says "Yeah Baby" in my Austin Powers voice. I'll get to the food later, trust me it's worth the wait. For the kids or kids at heart there's board games, toys, and crayons (don't remember if there were coloring books but it wouldn't make sense if there were crayons and no coloring books).  Everything from the tables to walls, ceilings, and cooking area was covered with items from the 60's/70's. Had it not been for the server bringing out my food I would've probably been there all day looking through all of the books.  There was also a TV showing reruns of commercials or shows from the around 60's/70's.  The Beach Boys were playing throughout.I had the Wednesday Rambo Burger basket Special for $11, which I thought was a little steep until I got it. The Rambo burger is as good as it gets and definitely one of the best burger I've had. Sweet and tender BBQ pulled pork and crispy onion ring all between nice a bun, and it still had a really delicious 1/2 lbs burger inside. There was also some cole slaw, steak fries, and a soda. It was a struggle to get it all down, my mouth wasn't big enough for the Rambo burger.The menu has everything.  Breakfast, lunch, dinner, desserts, sandwiches, salads, burgers, shakes. The peanut butter and bacon burger stood out as something I may or may not try, just sounds difference. AYCE fish and chips Friday's nights.Also checkout their webpage for all of their specials and coupons that you might be able to just print out and use.I can easily see myself coming back eating, relaxing, and playing.
4	I stopped by while on a bike ride with my 6-year-old. From the time we stepped in to the time we left, the service was excellent. The decor is so very cool, and there were plenty of games to keep him occupied. Homemade brownies won his vote. We will definitely visit again.
2	I don't do this very often here on Yelp, but I literally just arrived home from Rambo's Kitchen and had to write this review. First off, the staff was friendly and the location is great, right next to our house off Fort Apache and 215. I had been following reviews on this place for a while and had pretty good expectations built up. As we arrived, I saw on the door that it was "All You Can Eat Fish and Chips" night for $12.95. Score, I thought! As we were seated, I took a quick glance at the menu and noticed that with ordering these fish and chips came some stipulations. No sharing, no coupons, no specials, and 1 hour maximum eating time. I wasn't overly hungry and didn't care about the time--I was looking to gorge myself on fish and chips, but just enjoy a nice dinner. This all didn't sound so bad...until...My first basket arrived. 2 pieces of fish, a dinky container of pasta salad and a decent amount of fries. When I say dinky container, I mean like the container they serve your salad dressing in. Overall, the fish was okay--pretty greasy, but what can you expect with a 1960's diner-esq place. The waitress was nice and saw I was about to start on the 2nd piece of fish, and she put in another order. About 20 minutes later...out came a basket with 1 piece of fish in it. Seriously...1 piece!! I actually laughed and said is this really "all you can eat?" At this rate, the maximum amount of fish I would be able to order would probably top off at 2. I ended up not even eating the fish, we asked for the check, and walked out.Overall, if you are looking to sign a verbal contract with your order and feel like the staff is watching your significant other with hawk eyes to make sure he/she isn't reaching into your basket, then by all means, go to Rambo's Kitchen. Other Yelper's had nice experiences, and I can honestly see the potential, but I was embarrassed to be served in such a way.You live, you learn, and you never go back to Rambo's Kitchen.
5	Simply put, I absolutely adore this joint.The atmosphere is an explosion of late 60's pop and counter-culture. I get the feeling that it's done with earnest, happy reminiscence of the era, unlike the way many 50's diners weakly try to emulate an era. It makes me wish I were alive to experience it first hand like the owners (who will happily share their memories with you).The service is always incredibly pleasant. On one occasion, there was a mix-up with our food and they went far and beyond what we felt would make it right. We had more food than we could possibly eat in one sitting to make up for the little mistake. And the portions are big to being with. Not cartoonishly huge like they're trying to make a name on them, but big enough to satisfy big appetites like mine.And what great food it is! It's all wonderfully prepared in a home-style way. I've thoroughly enjoyed  everything I've eaten including the incredible Rambo Burger! My wife and I bring all our guests to Rambo's for good, fun meals, and every one has enjoyed it.Personally, I'll take a mom-and-pop over a chain restaurant or some overblown, super glossy joint any day, for the feeling AND the food. And Rambo's is a perfect example of why.
5	We go to Rambo's kitchen at least twice a week. Why?? First of all I really believe in supporting local businesses...second of all I like quality food! Plus in the summer you can take your BFF (best fur friend!) AND you can have diet cherry cokes there with re-fills! My husband is terribly picky about his coffee and they do not disappoint..strong and hot. The portions are very generous and I always leave with a to go box that is a nice snack for later.The daily specials are awesome...the all you can eat spaghetti and Friday Night Fish and Chips are my favorite. I had  the flu and my husband went to get me a snack and mentioned that I was home sick, went I felt better we went in for lunch and everyone said that they were happy that I felt better....that type of service well you cannot put a price on.Plus sometimes on Sundays we like to catch up on our reading ie...Vanity Fair, the tabloids and the newspaper...and we try and go not during a rush..and the waitress and staff never rush us.All in all a very nice neighborhood restaurant that I can go in and count on a quality meal for a nice price...OH YEAH try the Pork Chop special...GREAT PRICE and you get a soup or salad...Large Pork Chop, potatoes, vegetables...all for under $9!
5	What can I say bad about this place? Nothing, except I am cursed to live on the other side of town from it. Great service, especially from Emily and awesome food. I love the Monte Cristo they serve here as well as the pork chop dinner, and the fish and chips. Definitely recommend!
5	Why does YELP put the negative comments before the good ones? We have always had a great time at Rambo's with great food! I wrote my review way before the one on 3/31/11 and that one is on top. Even though the POSITIVE comments and reviews regarding Rambo's outweigh the negative ones. Play fair YELP!
4	In a city where nearly every restaurant opens with expectations of national TV coverage, Rambo's Kitchen has a very delightful, unassuming, "we're just here to make some good grub" feeling.The atmosphere is warm and inviting, something one would expect from a group of self-proclaimed hippies. I ordered the Rambo burger, based on the server's recommendation. This burger is actually pretty good. A double patty burger with the cheese cooked inside the patties (if you know what a "Jucy Lucy" is, you'll understand) and topped with some barbequed pulled pork and an onion ring.The burger comes with several different options on fries and a delightful little (and I mean little) cup of some really good coleslaw. (note to self: next time get full order of coleslaw).Rambo's is a very comfortable, good eats, great atmosphere addition to the southwest valley - and boy does it need it.  You will definitely see me here again.
2	It seems like I should really like this place. Burgers and a hippie theme. It's like someone crawled into my head and picked two things that I really like and combined it into one place. Sadly Rambo's just doesn't do it for me.First off the theme is cool as shit! Tye dye, 60's band posters, surfboards, vintage props, pictures of stoned hippies, and peace signs. And the wait staff are attentive and outgoing. The food just leaves a bit to be desired.Everything that's fried is more soggy than crispy. I rarely eat fried things, so when I do I want it to be good! The onion rings are a good size, they're just a tad mushy. The zucchini slices are big and look tasty, but looks can be deceiving. Their signature burger, the Rambo Burger is a juicy lucy, which I'm usually a fan of, then topped with pulled pork, sauce and an onion ring. I thought I'd love it just from the description alone! Unfortunately I was pretty schwaggy. The beef they use is ok, but I think the cheese used inside the folded patty is not the best so. It tastes cheap and rubbery, so that throws the whole burger taste off. Then the soggy onion ring on top just craps on the rest of the taste. I've also had the Philly Steak sandwich. It was just ok, once again the cheese was pretty meh and that's a big component of the sandwich. The grilled steak was good and the sandwich bread was alright, but the sandwich all together was nothing to write home about.I may give this place a third try, but honestly after ordering the main things on the menu that were calling me name and not really liking any of it, I don't know.
5	me and my family love this place   try the chicken avocado BLT ,crinkle fries,rambo burger, biscuits  and gravy   all yummy   all fresh and never frozen food   i don't understand the bad reviews on here since i have never had a bad meal at Rambos
4	It is kitschy.  There is a theme and it is played up to the max.  I always get worried about places that rely too much on a gimmick or a theme.  However we were pleasantly surprised.  The portions are huge and all the food was delicious.The boy started out with a chocolate malt which is served in the actual metal blender cups so it's huge and quite thick and delicious.  I had the Pastrami burger, which was big.  The pastrami and swiss were delicious.  I suppose my one complaint was the burger was a little dry and over cooked.  But the bun was great and the fries were seasoned well.  The boy got the chicken fried steak dinner.  The chicken fried steak was one of the best we have ever had and it comes with a nice fluffy biscuit and tons of gravy and tons of mashed potatoes.  Very delicious, good service and very kitschy....I probably can only go once a year...but it is fun.
1	Horrible, Horrible service is what is was all about my last time there. I went there last week during my lunch break with a couple of people from my work. When we arrived we were promptly seated and the waitress came by at took our drink order. We all ordered water and then ordered our meals.We were then IGNORED for 45+ minutes while we waited for our food. No check ups by the waitress, no I am sorry your food is taking so long. hey do you need a refill, no nothing. At that point since we were out of time and had to get back to the office so we got up to leave. That is when we were finally noticed. The waitress came running over almost freaking out  saying our food is just about ready. Where were you 20 minutes ago?Anyway one guy in my party had guilt over leaving and paid for the whole order to go. I disagree that he should of done that since we were not into them for anything because we were all drinking water but that was his choice.I understand that sometimes freshly made food takes a bit longer when its prepared fresh, but not 40 minutes. but there is no excuse to ignore someone for that amount of time.P.S. In response to the owner's comments, I stand by what I said in my review as accurate. So based on what the owner says, good customer service is to call me a liar, write a snarky insincere response, and rally against yelp and other review sites complaining about how unfair they are?  I have read all the owner's comments left towards other Yelpers and there is a consistent theme throughout them. If something goes wrong during your visit, don't blame the restaurant. Not a very productive response in my opinion. I think highly of yelp as yet another tool for consumers to made educated decisions about where to spend their hard earned money. It is also good for businesses that go above and beyond because they will always be rewarded with my repeat business.
4	you got to try the rambo burger it is great  so are the zucchini sticks  try a malt  don't forget the 5 off coupon on there web site  this place is not for you dollar menu shoppers this is real fresh food
1	Can I rate negative 146227 stars? I seriously just walked out a few minutes ago after I witnessed our food being done for 10 minutes and seeing every server (3) who were not busy, walk by our food numerous times which was under the heat lamp and still not deliver it to us. Keep in mind the place only seats 30 people total and they were not busy at all. One of the servers who was literally standing looking at our food while organizing her order book, SNEEZED LOUDLY direct above and INTO our food!!!! But there is more!!! She didn't even wash her hands!!!! She then proceeds to bus a dirty table, still with dirty hands!!!! After the bussing was complete a cook had to ask the servers whose ticket our food that is and why was it not served! The sneezing server then was literally about ready to pick up our plates, STILL with dirty hands and serve us our food!!! She is probably still on the clock working  with dirty hands at this moment. BEWARE!!!!
2	I went to this restaurant with my coworkers a few weeks ago. Our server was friendly but she did not check up on us in between bringing us our first round of drinks and the time we had to leave because we were on a limited one hour lunch break. The food came out just as we were walking out of the door so one of our party paid for it to go. I ordered a chicken avocado sandwich. The chicken patty was well cooked and moist but the flavor of the sandwich  was very mild/tame for what I would expect based on the description. None of my coworkers had anything really good or bad to say about the food they ordered.The staff was friendly and accommodating and the quality of the food was decent. The environment is meticulous and detailed with lots of interesting memorabilia adorning the restaurant. However the speed with which the food was prepared and its lack of punch made my experience disappointing. The restaurant was busy when we walked in so its possible the lunch time rush had a large impact on the food preparation. For these reasons I cannot recommend going to this restaurant when its busy. However based on the reviews of others I would hazard to say its probably a  much better experience if you go when the kitchen is not pressured to get orders out as quickly as possible.
5	The wife and I just got done eating here. She was a bit hesitate at first to try, she read the reviews but we also strive to "give places a chance" that seem to be underrated. This is definitely one of them. The waitress we had really wanted us to try the zucchini. After we told waitress how much I really don't like that vegetable she told my wife about the half order. That was good enough for the both of us. I had one, it was good enough that WHEN we come back that I could eat another. I still don't like the vegetable though. This is my response to the quality of the food: My wife is picky in the quality, I had the fried chicken sandwich. She "tried a bite" then took mine. She kept repeating how much she love the taste till I gave it to her. I guess that is love for ya! So I got the egg salad sandwich, still decent. On an important turning point: Once we got the food, I started looking through my food. I explained I am really picky. So before she left the table she made sure that "I" was okay. What I was also doing was looking for things that you can't hide like on the avocados those little black dots. I LOOKED on both sandwiches, nothing. Okay. While my wife was eating my sandwich, I was looking to see if anything was under cooked. Now I am impressed!At this point I am thinking something is going wrong here. Both waitresses are ....what ....WORKING TOGETHER. I know it is a new concept in the valley. They made sure to check on us about every 5 Min's. to make sure we were okay and that the timing of the food was appropriate. This is place is one of the few places I have noticed were the waitresses were WORKING TOGETHER (I have only seen this in 1-2 other places). I hope that it was just not a one time deal.  Neither of our drinks never went past the halfway point. We also got the donuts, they were yummy! We are definitely coming back!!Side comment regarding the owners comments: I like to see people take pride in their business. While I didn't read all of the comments, the ones I did read seemed that he understands that 3 or below are showing him ways to improve. If possible, duplicate my experience tonight!
1	Not good. After driving past Rambo's Kitchen many, many times my family and I decided to give it a chance. We were highly disappointed. The decor was fun and definitely '60s diner-esk. It was a big cluttered. Books and games on every table. There are two large bookcases at the front filled with games, books and nicknacks on it. The music is fantastic fits the theme perfectly. Onto the food... I figured that a cheese burger and fries is exactly what you order at this kind of place. My husband ordered the 'special' it was meatloaf. We both ordered a cup of broccoli cheddar soup before our main dishes came. The texture of the soup reminded me of pudding. The base of the soup was clearly not broccoli or cheddar! I couldn't finish my soup the texture and flavor was disgusting. The main dishes finally came and I was pleasantly surprised. My dish looked delicious. Exactly what a burger and fries should look like. The meatloaf looked drier then dry and the 'gravy' was brown gelatin. The hand cut fries were wonderful. They cooked perfectly, soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. I then moved onto the burger... I have never had a burger more well done and flavorless. The only thing the burger tasted like was burnt meat. The meatloaf was sweet for some reason? Weird. The meat was dry and crispy. The only reason it gets two stars is because you cant give zero so you already get one. So I really gave one star for the fries. (EDIT: I then took away another star because of the random rude comments of the owner) I won't go back. The owner asked us how our food was and I acted like I had a mouth full of food...
5	I live down the street from Rambo's and really want businesses in the area to do well, so the Hubby & I try to get to them as often as the budget allows. Our first visit was about 2 weeks ago and we immediately loved the theme and the abundance of 60s 70s memorabilia. It's just an overall fun place and there is SO much to see and do.  Our table had cards, books, and my husband spotted a TV trivia game that he snagged when we walked in. I saw other tables with checkers, kids with coloring books and crayons, and so much more.  We made our second visit to the 70s themed diner today and I was inspired to get on Yelp to write about it. I was so sad to see negative reviews about the customer service at this restaurant because I have experienced GREAT customer service both times I have been in. The food does take a little while but my Husband and I just played games and flipped through the books they have on the table while we waited - If the food is fresh and delicious, I can wait a while for it. So, let's get to it... the fresh & delicious:Both visits we have ordered the fresh doughnuts which are fried up to perfection then coated with cinnamon and sugar and served hot.  We ordered the small size which makes a perfectly sweet appetizer. Our first visit: Husband ordered the Groovy Deal which was a turkey avocado croissant served with fries and coleslaw. He really liked it and was impressed with the freshness of the ingredients. I ordered a BLT and added avocado.  It was also very fresh and delicious but how can you really mess up a BLTA?  I ordered a strawberry shake for dessert which was thick, yummy, and served in the can just like a diner shake should be.Today, we strolled in around 11:30. My husband was in a breakfast mood and I was in a lunch mood which is perfect because Rambo's has many menu selections to satisfy either. I ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich with crinkle fries and coleslaw.  The boy ordered the Country Breakfast Platter. My sandwich was HUGE and messy and delicious! Thank goodness for the extra paper towel roll on the table and the fork and knife that I had to eventually breakdown and use. I read complaints about the onion rings being soggy and this was not the case with the rings that topped my sandwich today.  I forced my hub to take a bite when it first came out because they were so perfect.  The fries were perfectly golden and crisp and i just put my coleslaw right on top of my sandwich. Unfortunately, I was so into my own sandwich that I did not take a bite of my husbands breakfast but the portion was HUGE and he seemed to be pleased.One thing I will complain about - The menu and website boast 'wear tye-dye and get 10% off your meal.' I took note and was sure to wear it for my second visit. Now, I know it's only 10% off which would have amounted to just under $3 for our bill today so I certainly didn't want to have to ask for the discount but it would have been really awesome if the waitress would have noticed that I was taking part in their theme and applied the discount to our bill.  Next time I will just be sure to print out the $5 off coupon on their website to ensure a discount. This place gets 5 stars from me because it far exceeded my expectations of a home cookin' style joint. I will definitely be making many more return trips. We're already planning on taking the Hubby's family there for an upcoming birthday.
4	A TRUE!!!!! BLAST FROM THE PAST!!!!! This restaurant is awesome... Even thought i was never even thought of... way back in the 60's... It almost feels like you're traveling back in time... when... in what i believe... America was in it's prime! it really is a history lesson as soon as you walk through the door. BUT! If your not a Hippie at heart! Then maybe you might not enjoy the decor as much... because, it REALLY! is total retro 60"s, hippie style overload / R.A.I.N.B.O.W!!!! color explosion!... inside of the restaurant. LOLTotal ACID TRIP MAN! yeeeeaahhh! ( in a LOUD hippie voice!) BUT DON'T LEAVE JUST YET!!! TRUST ME ON THIS!!! YOU MUST... ABSOLUTELY MUST!!! TRY, TRY, THE FOOD!!! YOU'LL THANK ME LATER!!! Every item on the menu is made to order~ freshness you can appreciate!  :)RECOMMENDATIONS: All the item's enlisted on the menu are mouthwatering goodness. But! if i was to recommend one item off of their menu. It would defiantly be the "TUNA MELT" on sourdough bread with homemade potato chips and ranch dressing for dipping... it's my favorite :D
4	What  came to mind when I thought of Rambo's kitchen was that movie First Blood from the 80's. When I walked in they had more of a cute 60's theme going on. There are also cool books from that era sitting at the edge of each table you can thumb through while you are waiting for your food. If you want to do something more exciting while you wait they also have a selection of games you can play.I came here on two occasions the first time I had their Fried Zucchini . It was crunchy on the outside and nice and crisp on the inside. I liked that the zucchini wasn't soggy. We also had the Chips & Salsa with a side of Guacamole. The chips were kind of hard. I think it's because they are home made and they didn't fry them enough. The salsa  and guacamole were tasty though. I ordered the Egg Salad Sandwich which I thought had a funny after taste. I wanted my hubby's Crisp Chicken Sandwich instead. The breading on that was delicious! The steak fries were a nice golden brown. We ended the meal with warm mini dounuts. YUM! The second time I came in I had their Veggie Sandwich.  It had mushrooms, peppers and cheese on sourdough bread. It's cheesy goodness! The service here is also top notch!  The waitresses work in teams so if you don't see your waitress the other one will take care of you!
5	My daughter goes to this restaurant often and always tells me about how cute the restaurant is and the food is amazing, so she took me there for lunch.  I can see why she goes to this restaurant.  The food was all so good.  The service was incredible.  Everything was so good and fun spot.  The decor is very cute and fun with books and games on the table.  I will be back again, and I highly recommend this restaurant
5	My husband & I have been coming here pretty much since it opened and  the food has always been really good, breakfast, lunch & dinner! Pancakes, french toast and even a Monte Cristo - this one has somewhat of a thin pancake batter on the outside not just your standard deep fried batter - all are good, same with the standard bacon & eggs with potatoes yum!Burgers are amazing and there are so many different ones, the French dip is great the meat has very little if any fat edges and they have a great chicken philly even one teriyaki style with pineapple.  Their fish and chips are huge pieces of fish with just enough batter not super thick Iike some other places. Hubby loves the spaghetti and meatloaf too, everything is homemade so can't go wrong.Waitstaff has been sporadic however they have totally gelled over the past few months and everyone is top notch and helpful, filling drinks, taking dirty plates,etc even if it's not their table - great service like that is hard to find!  I posted with mixed emotions as I really want everyone to know just how great a place this is but then again I don't want our favorite place to get so busy that we can't get in lol. Great people, food and atmosphere make it our "go to" place at least once a week and we're picky.
4	Went here with my 2 children and husband several times for breakfast. Atmosphere is really fun and the food is fantastic. I love the 60's decor and think the games table is very whimsical. Service is always friendly and prompt. Nice to have a meal in a mom and pop vs. IHOP!! I would give it 5 stars but the place is pretty small and can feel cramped when it fills up. Definitely try to the Rambo's breakfast burrito and the homemade donuts!
5	This place is awesome!!  The atmosphere is fun and takes you back in time.   The first weekend we tried it out, we ended up going back a second time.  Everything I've tried so far is super delicious and this is the first place I've gone to that makes me want to try everything on the menu!!!   They give you so much food.  Definitely worth the price, which is not that expensive.
4	After reading the previous reviews and checking out Rambo's kitchen's website (which has coupons) my Mom & I decided to check the place out for a late breakfast.The breakfast crowd was gone and there was only 1 other large party seated. We both ordered the Raspberry swirl french toast. It was very good and the portion was huge. We also got a small order of the doughnuts which were hot and delicious. The place is very cute and the service was very good. I will be going back and trying lunch next time.
4	Very friendly service, nice atmosphere, good food. Not a huge place, but they have outdoor seating as well. I got the Peanut butter bacon burger. It was really different and tasty. If you plan on having a conversation while eating, then this burger is not a good choice. Lot's of gooey warm peanut butter will keep your mouth very occupied while eating it. :) You have a choice of crunchy or creamy peanut butter, I got crunchy based on waitress recommendation. It was very good and very different. I wouldn't make this kind of burger my regular choice, but I definitely would get it again. I opted for the home fries (potato chips really). They were light, and lightly seasoned. They didn't have much flavor, but were perfectly crispy, not crunchy.
4	Fun place, exceptionally friendly, helpful service, and good-tasty food.
2	In the spirit of getting back to my original burger 'to-do' list from way back, I finally ventured over to Rambo's Kitchen last week to see what they have to offer. It was on a Vegas top 10 burger list I read a while back but was located in a part of town I rarely went through, but that's not an excuse any more. What has been an excuse for some time though, are the very polarizing comments and responses on their Yelp page. It seems that they've had some issues with customer service from time to time, and instead of just apologizing, their representative on the site tends to be a bit too defensive in his responses. This all made me a little hesitant, but finally decided to evaluate for myself. How did it go?Rambo's is located in your typical Vegas neighborhood strip mall, but the interior is pretty unique. Much like the Metro Pizza on Decatur and Flamingo reminds me of the 80's Saved by the Bell diner, this place is fully decked out in 60's theme with posters, surf boards, books about the 60's, tie dye, etc. There's even a TV with all sorts of 60's-era commercials playing on it, and music playing throughout the restaurant from that period. I brought this place up to my girlfriend a couple months ago, but after looking at their menu she nixed the idea as we're trying to eat healthier and there isn't much on that front to choose from, although there is quite a bit. They offer a few burger choices; the one I initially went in for is the self-titled Rambo Burger: 1/2 lb burger stuffed with a special combo of cheeses and topped with a stack of pulled pork, bbq sauce, topped with an onion ring on a toasted bun, but after contemplating it I just didn't have the appetite for such a thing on this visit. Instead I went with the waitress' other recommendation, the cheesy cheese burger: 1/2 lb burger stuffed & topped with a combo of cheeses and topped with bacon, lettuce and tomato.What was brought to me was a bit less that groovy. Sorry, had to. The meat didn't have much flavor, the cheese that was supposedly stuffed in there wasn't noticeable, but there were lots of what I think to be fat chunks. It was also very dry by the end, and I ate pretty quickly. The bun was a bit too big for the meat, but good, buttery, fresh and sweet. There was way too much lettuce and I had to pull some off. The cheese was melted and good, but I don't know about 'cheesy cheese', just kind of a regular cheeseburger. The bacon flavorful, but some of it was not cooked enough and it was a bit chewy. Yes I chickened out on ordering their signature burger, but if this is a sign of how that might be, I question why this was on a top 10 list I read in the past.The fries on the other hand were very fresh and great at first, but got a little oily near the end. Still they were decent, of the natural cut variety. My pickle slice was a bit small, but hardly a deal breaker. The additional side option seemed a little excessive, I went with a pasta salad as it seemed like a good idea, but just ended up being a bit too much food. The piece of bazooka gum with my bill was a nice touch though. The final price of $14.46 is about normal for a local spot with a 'fancier' burger, but I can't say I'd spend that again. I'm sure Rambo's offers plenty of tasty options for breakfast, lunch and dinner, but based on my meal I can't really stand by the burger.
5	My husband and I just discovered Rambo's Kitchen a few weeks ago even though it is within walking distance from our home. I love the atmosphere, have always had good service, and the food is fresh and delicious. My favorite is the bacon wrapped hot dog and my husband loves the hot open turkey sandwich. It's the closest we found to the diners back in New York.
3	This little cafe 60-70's style, sits pretty well hidden in the shopping center. There is a decent selection of food. I got the cheesy-cheese burger with chili cheese fries and a diet soda.. I know.... why all the fat with a diet coke... What can I say... There's games to play on the tables while you wait... good idea (passes the time while the cook does his thing). The burger was good half way through then it got too salty (was a bit over seasoned). The fries were undercooked.. raw potato is just not that tasty. The worst part of the meal was the check.. $19 for my meal. WHAT??!! I ordered it, so I payed for it.. The burger was $11 the chili cheese fries $3. The meal comes with fries regularly but if you upgrade to chili fries it's $3 extra.. the soda $3 add tax and bam! No burger in town is worth over $8 no burger! I would come back here if the group wanted to try it again.. but not solo.. I can get the same tastes for cheaper all over town
2	What a disappointment.  I had read some good reviews and was looking forward to trying something new.  I love the concept.  Cool nostalgia, and interesting books to look at. However, everything else was not up to par.  We had brought our young child in and were already late getting her some dinner and to bed.  Unfortunately, it took way too long to get our food and get out, even though there were only 4 tables.  The waitress was super sweet, but the other waitress was sitting outside socializing.  Our waitress seemed to have trouble handling the 4 tables.  We waited excessively long for all of the food to arrive, and the order was incorrect.  On top of this, the restroom was untidy and most of all, the food wasn't that great.  I had high hopes for this place, but I've got to give it a thumbs down, we won't be back.
3	I've been to this place a number of times, and I usually enjoy it  They are very nice but sometimes service can be a bit slow.  My biggest complaint is that often the air conditioning either isnt on or it's turned way down which prevents me from visiting when it's warm (c'mon, its Vegas!)
4	Was the entrance to this restaurant a time machine? Cause I could've sworn I went back in time well over 50 years!  There was a young Barry Gibb (unshaven, and I didn't see that majestic mane!) singing on the telly and a burst of (basically) Retro as we strode towards our seats. Color after color, flowers, peace signs, framed posters and old LP covers pasted all over the walls. My galpal and I were chuckling at this one vintage meme poster that said 'I haven't had my coffee yet. Don't make me kill you', seeing as we're coffee lovers. Individual tables had either a choice of old card games, old magazines (they even had archie comics!) and board games for the kids. There's really nothing a family could say no to over here. And when you enter the bathroom, there's a life-size figure of Elvis Presley staring at you! (I'm not quite sure if that's a good thing, but it sure made the whole experience way more interesting) I could talk about the restaurant's fascinating decor/designs all day but it would probably be wise to move on to the food. This is where my reason for a 4 star (and not 5) comes in. The presentations were neat but the food quality itself didn't blow us away. It could've also been our food choice, which was Nacho Chips for appetizers and we shared a Peanut Butter, Bacon, Fried Egg Burger with french fries and cole slaw. For the most part, the burger was a little bland for us. I found myself lathering my fries with a lot of ketchup to give it more taste. My guess is that the peanut butter may have hindered the burger's full potential flavor, sadly enough. Our server was really nice nonetheless and the manager was really sweet. And I, being someone who feels like she was born in the wrong era, found myself humming along with the songs. Beatles, Peter Paul and Mary, you name it, I hummed it! And it was also a great way to commemorate another year of Woodstock happening in New York today! Wouldn't it be nice to experience living in the woodstock era, you say? Come to Rambo's Kitchen and live it for a day (and that rhymed!)
5	My wife and I have been to this place 3-4 times and we always love it. It's good for kids too because they have a lot of games for them to play. It can get a little pricey for 4 people to eat there. If they'd drop the prices one or 2 bucks or make the drinks a little cheaper it'd be 10x better.I highly recommend the all-you-can-eat fish on friday's. Nice big hot cod I believe. Also their fried zucchini and onion rings are great.
4	Yummy food (homemade potato chips, add flavored syrups to your drinks, wide variety of food choices for any palate).    Great service!!  Super friendly waitress!!  Fun ambiance!!   Outside Tables!!
2	I was really excited about trying this place. The website and menu look great. When my daughter and I entered the restaurant, we couldn't believe all the 60s decor. The menu really has a wide variety. With games on the table and music in the background, I was ready for a great meal. Now the problems begin. Cleanliness must not have been a priority in the 60s, especially for this place. The tables and floor was filthy. I ordered a patty melt and onion rings. The patty melt had a decent flavor. The meat was good but VERY greasy. When I picked up my burger, most of the chopped onions fell out. I ate the entire burger with the assistance of a fork. The onion rings were terrible. Dripping with grease, no flavor, and over cooked, I only ate two. My daughter was disappointed in her chili burger. When we told the waitress of our concerns, she brought us the bill. I give most restaurants two or three chances. Not this one.
2	My fiance and I just ate here last night. I ordered the special (sirloin steak kabobs) which came with either natural cut, crinkle cut or streak fries. I told the waitress, who was very friendly that I wanted steak fries. My fiance ordered the cheesy cheeseburger and told her no lettuce or tomato. She repeated the order back to us much like fast food restaurants do. When our food arrived, I had no steak fries, but mashed potatoes and gravy (which wasn't even an option), and my fiance had lettuce and tomato on his burger, when he told her no lettuce and tomato and she even repeated the order back to us. My kabobs were terrible and my fiance's burger was dripping grease like the yucky cheap one's on Carl's Jr commercials. We will not be going back to Rambo's Kitchen ever again.
1	Eh...
3	To the owner of Rambo's Kitchen - Thank you for your message but I will have to respectfully decline your invitation for a meal on you. I am impressed with the fact that you do check Yelp and are truly concerned about what your customers think. This is a rare trait in Las Vegas. I will return at some time, due to the fact that you have taken the time to care about your customers. I look forward to trying your breakfast menu.
1	I have been to this place on several occasions. I am a firm believer in giving every place the benefit of the doubt. Consistent in 2 areas: Terrible service and cold food.You pay a lot of money for mainstream food!
4	I've been to Rambo's several times, and never had any problems. I've liked all the food I've tried there. I usually get chicken fingers and fries and potato salad, but I've also tried the pastrami on rye and hamburger - the fries are awesome! I like the decor and all the pictures on the walls to look at. I've only had 1 waitress ever, and she's always been nice. It's a good experience with good food. The vibes you feel in the restaurant are nothing like the vibes I'm getting on this website, with all the terribly defensive comments made by the company. If anyone is on the fence, just go and try it!
4	Okay- I hope Rambo's owner reads my review... I live 2 blocks (Patrick & Grand Canyon) from Rambos. I came here for the 1st time after a night at Putt Putt with friends...Rambo's has no close time on their door- me being in the industry, I would never walk into a restaurant at closing time... But since it was early and others were eating inside, we were excited to get dessert from a 50/60's spot. That being said, a 4 top of us came in after mini-golf around 915 on a Wednesday night. We were greeted by a friendly staffer and asked to choose a seat. Another friendly wait staff took our initial drink order and then another server (who ended up being our server) had an awkward interruption/introduction in the middle of it. We got an iced tea, a root beer float, a coke float & a ice cream. I get it, a $17 check isn't worth keeping your doors open for...But: cardinal sin #1: your server seemed to rush us w/out any reason... There was another table that hadn't closed there check out and was still there when we left.#2: if you don't have hours posted, you should better inform your patrons of hours, etc.#3: if you are a server and take a table from another server... Deal with it! I mean, don't rush that table out when we don't order a full dinner. Don't drop our check 5 minutes after we get our order. Don't turn the music off in the restaurant and rush our tab when we haven't asked for it.We loved the vibe and will be back because we believe that a cool place deserves a second chance... So, don't disappoint Rambo's! We are rooting for you!
4	We ate here with our 4 1/2 yr old and 7 mo old. They both liked it. The onion rings were good. The dipping sauce for them was even better. Not the traditional dipping sauce... It has a twist. Chocolate malts were great. The decor was cool. Size inside is small and they ran out if high chairs but still a good experience. Service was good too.
5	Stopped in for dinner with my wife.  The server Misty was very friendly and attentive. Several off the menu specials offered.  We were surprised at the variety of menu options and specials available.  We had our meals with the home made chips that were delicious.  Also the chocolate shake tasted old fashioned and wonderful.The atmosphere was fitting for the 60's motif.  Very casual and laid back. Fitting music and fun entertainment at the tables.  Picked up a great groupon deal as well.  Will definitely recommend to our friends and family and return again.
4	Pretty cool place. Totally busy menu (I took 3 panoramas to get it all). It's a diner like in the olden days so it's very cozy and nice. The walls are decorated with all kinds of posters and Beatles stuff. It's very busy, as I would call it. The chairs also have soft pillows on them so when you sit, your butt's very comfortable! ;)Service was pretty immaculate. Misty was VERY attentive and she lets you know all the specials that they have. She also recommends different stuff for you so if it's your first time (like it was mine), you might appreciate it. There's a lot on the menu, though, so it might be hard to decide. I came with a friend via a groupon deal so that was pretty helpful. They also have different specials for each day of the week and that's all in their menu as well. So take a note of it for your next visit!Our portions were huge! More than what we expected and we barely finished half the food before we were full.ORDERED:The Monte Cristo ~$12-- Huge portions and inside is stuffed with ham, turkey, and Swiss cheese. Pretty yummy.Country Breakfast $10.29-- It was covered with gravy but underneath all that are your eggs, sausages, & biscuits. Wasn't anything particularly special. Pretty typical.Chili Cheese Fries $8.29-- Pretty even amount of the beans and chili and all that.Service really stood out since they were pretty attentive. Lots to try here that makes you want to come back for future visits. And we came around 1:30pm but their menu is for all day. I really like places that offer breakfast food at any time of the day :)!
3	Ehh- Well, if you are looking for some good old fashion American food, you got it!  The french fries were not as crunchy as I like them but the food was decent.  My co worker got the Monte Cristo and it looked sooooo good but sooooo fatty!  It was the best food that came from the orders we put in!  The inside decor was awesome!  An oldies theme with great oldies music playing.  You can see pictures, posters and artifacts of shows, movies and famous people all from back in the day. I got a take out order so I am not sure how the service was, but the lady that helped me was very nice. I would love to go back and actually eat there and enjoy the ambience.
1	Okay, let's try this again.....First let me apologize to yelp and the owner of Rambo's kitchen for writing a review that fell "outside" yelps TOS. I am usually a fairly soft spoken and respectful person and I am sincerely sorry for anything said in my previous review that was found to be disrespectful or a "personal attack".Now to my review of the restaurant.....I have been to Rambo's at least a half dozen times and despite what Yelp or the owner might think, I have never had a bad experience or a bad meal. All the food and service I have ever received there has been decent. As stated in my "too personal" review, I would give Rambo's a solid 3 stars to a soft 4 stars, which actually falls right into line with Rambo's average review, if it was just about food and service. More on that later.The Rambo Burger was excellent. I do think that the thimble sized portion of cole slaw is a bit silly.The first time my wife and I went there we order the fried zucchini app and it was one of the best we had ever had. Nice long lightly battered spears of zucchini that were just wonderful. The next couple of time we got the FZ the quality went down each time. We have never ordered it again.My wife loves their salads. My 16 y/o sons loves everything, but come on, he's a 16 y/o boy.Service? Hit and miss. Sometimes you get your order right in and it comes to your table in a timely manner, other times, not so much. Some times your water glass is always full, others not.As for the one star rating, it needs to be understood that my wife and I try to avoid the big chain restaurants. In these difficult time we choose to go with the locally owned mom and pop places. It take guts and determination to run your own restaurant.That said, I do not understand the attitude that the owner takes when someone gives him a negative review. Just be gracious. Accept the fact that sometimes your restaurant will hit a home run and other times it will strike out. Rather than going to the surveillance tapes to attack dissatisfied customers about their timing issues, why not just say "Sorry for you bad experience" and determine to improve in the future. People do not right reviews, good or bad, because they like you or dislike you. They write review because they had an emotional reaction to their experience, good or bad.With all due respect to the owner of Rambo's, I cannot separate the food and service at Rambo's from what I feel to be a severe disconnect from the owner when faced with a legitimate, honest reviews that he doesn't like.All parts equal the sum of this review and that's why it is a one star review.
4	I don't usually write reviews on the first visit but Rambo's really impressed me. I bought a Groupon a while back and was recently reminded, via email notification, to use it . So I grabbed my BF and went for late lunch, around 3:30-ish. When we arrived, we were the only customers there and I usually like this because then we have all the server's attention. She greeted us and told us to sit anywhere we'd like. On our table were three different things: a Monopoly card game, a music trivia book, and a huge Time magazine? (didn't pay attention to that one, sorry). They also had a bunch of vintage memorabilia decorating the whole place. Posters of 60s and 70s icons with a little kitschy vibe going on. They have a HUGE menu that offers a variety of diner food staples. I immediately wanted to try their Fish & Chips, and my BF got their Fried Mushrooms for appetizer and a single patty burger. The fried mushroom were hot and made to order. I'm emphasizing this because there have been times when appetizers weren't made fresh. Finally our entrees arrived and my order was as big as a new-born baby. I liked how crispy the batter was and the home-cut fries were pretty tasty. I like the thicker cut fries for fish n chips, it really feels authentic for me at least. I even enjoyed their tartar sauce that didn't come out of a jar. I didn't try my BF's burger, since I had a big basket of fish and potatoes to finish (but I end up bringing some home, even after giving my BF half of the fries). He seemed to enjoy his burger, so that's good. Our server was so nice, she really made the whole experience even more pleasant. She gave us our refills right away. kept asking how we were doing even after two bigger parties arrived, and we showed her our Groupon when the bill came and she didn't show any problem receiving it (unlike some businesses that seems to regret using Groupon for some reason). They even included a survey at the end of the meal. At the bottom it asked us if we're coming back, I circled YES.
5	This is the second time I've been to Rambo's and again, it was a great experience. The staff was friendly and their good service was consistent throughout the meal. The food was fresh, hot, and better then any other diner food I've experienced. The ambiance was mellow and comfortable. This is a great place for a first date, by the way. If the conversation ever slows, just pick a piece of nostalgia on the wall or on the tables and go from there. What a fun place. Rambo's Kitchen would kill on the strip!
5	Excellent dinner & service.. This place is a Gem!  I go tthe pollack fish and fresh cut fries and chocolate malt. I have had the Rambo burger too which is excellent. The staff goes out of their way to take care of you.
1	A co-worker recommended this place, so my sister and I went for dinner.  All in all I just wasn't impressed with this restaurant, so much so that I won't be back.The decor is psychadelic 60's.  Well, actually, it seemed to flux from random things of the 60's, such as bands or movies, to just psychadelic looking stickers.  It seemed like they were just desperate to fill in every empty space on their walls.  It's a bit over the top when you walk in, but I can understand the fun for people that particularly enjoy that decade.  I don't happen to and even if I did like the 60's, their decor could have been way less cheesy and still been faithful to the theme.Each table has books, toys or memorablia from that same decade, which I thought was interesting, especially since our table featured a Greatest Edition of Archie Comics, which I loved when I was a little girl.  Obviously the music they play is from the 60's and they even show muted Ed Sullivan Show clips on a large television.When we placed our orders, I told the waitress that I had wanted a hamburger, so she recomended the special which was a Rambo Burger.  The menu didn't really give a description on the specials part, so I ordered it.  It came out with shredded barbecue beef on top and an onion ring.  I really just wanted a simple burger and had there been a description when I ordered, I would have picked something else.  Still, when I scraped off the extra meat and put the onion ring to the side, it was a decent burger.  Actually, the quality of the burger is why this review is two stars instead of just one, espcially when my sister didn't like her chicken Alfredo.All in all, I wasn't impressed with the service and when we got our bill I was shocked when our total came out to close to $40.00.  Like I said, the food was good, but I can't spend that much in what I assumed would be a mom and pop style establishment.1/9/2013 (Response to Owner's Comments)If there's one thing that kinda irks me, it's the inability to quietly take a less than positive review and use it constructively instead of trying to defend youself against one person's bad experience.  I'm ALWAYS more than willing to give a second chance, and if you check my past reviews, most locations get a better review from the first time when I wasn't impressed.  This owner response was that second chance.  However, since the owner(?) was able to go into better detail of my review, I figured I would and could afford him the same courtesy.1. Cost: I hold in my hand my receipt from Rambo's Kitchen dated 12/26/12 for the total amount of $36.36 ("close to $40.00").  Now, even though I wasn't that impressed with the service, it wasn't horrible, so I decided to round up my bill with a tip of $3.64, more for my convenience than for the server's reward.  Hence, my bill came to $40.00.  Now, the reason for the increase in my bill is because I failed to mention the "$5.00" milkshake that we also ordered.  My apologies and the subject of my next issue.2. "$5.00 Milkshake": I love the name of that item, all I can think of is Vincent Vega and his outrage that something made of milk and ice cream can cost $5.00.  Of course, when he tasted Mia Wallace's shake, he had to agree that it was an amazing shake.  I couldn't.  The ice cream they used must have been thawed and then refrozen, because there were crystalized parts of it that just tasted like straight ice.  It wasn't quite blended well and I'm pretty sure if I was a waitress (as I have been, so I'm speaking from experience) I would have noticed if an item had barely been touched and asked if something was wrong.  I assume this is not a policy at Rambo's, but everyone has their off day and it's not like this is fine dining.  In fact, the person that ordered this shake, took one taste and didn't touch it again, I ate more than her since I didn't want to waste an entire $5.00.3. Quality of food: I apologize, sincerely, for stating that my sandwich contained beef, it was pulled pork now that I remember it.  I assume that I just glossed over that information and picture on the menu, so I apologize for that as well.  Now, as for the fettucine alfredo.  I had decided that I wouldn't go into detail in my original review, but fair's fair.  My sister loved it.  She brought the rest home to eat the next day.  Of course, when she woke up at two in the morning with stomach pains and spent the rest of the next day glued to the toilet, she instructed me to throw away her takeout food.  I'm not sure if it was undercooked chicken or something else, but the food made her sick.  However, I'll state it once again, my hamburger (once I had scraped off the pulled PORK) was delicious and I didn't get sick.In summation, I appreciate the archived positive reviews that were included and wish congratulations on the patrons that enjoyed this restaurant.  I was not one of them and definintely won't be.  Accordingly, I'll remove one star due to owner understanding.
3	First off the decor looks like something you would see at a record store on Haight Ashbury in San Francisco.  Nothing wrong with that of course.  My only gripe would be is that there isn't any Rolling Stones memorabilia.  They were around in the 60' s and still are.  The Beatles are fine I suppose,  but a little Mick or Keith wouldn't hurt. Now that I got my personal music tastes out the way.  Let's talk breakfast.  I am spoiled when it comes to breakfast, because I spend a lot of time on New Mex.  And for me nothing beats a New Mexico breakfast.  I do have a couple favorites here.  My  buddy decided to try this place since it's close to his house.  We walked in and I automatically thought the staff was overwhelmed.  Even though our waitress seemed to be frantic she was very friendly and attentive.  I got the chicken fried steak and it was pretty good.  Didn't set itself apart from any other place in town.  I didn't really care for the potatoes which is the reason I enjoy the other breakfast places.  All in all this place is a 3 star.  Th decor is interesting enough to come by.
4	Me and the family stopped by after ice skating the other night.  The food was good.  Hubby had the Rambo dog, daughter had the Rambo burger.  Other daughter had the 2 egg 2 pancake breakfast, and I enjoyed the Woodstack sans bacon.  The kids had fun playing with the  magic 8 ball from the toy table.  We live pretty far from the restaurant, but if we are in the neighborhood again, we would go back .
4	We're on this side of town and I checked yelp to see the review & at the same time bought a deal from groupon. This place is worth it even without groupon. The price is descent and they have specials that are really cheap. I asked if the waffles are made from scratch and our waitress honestly say that it's not and it's frozen so I changed my order. The breakfast is very good, our bacon is nice and crispy. The coffee is very good. It's not Starbucks but its comparable to NY and Jersey greek diners when we used to live back east. I'll definitely come back and try lunch next time.
5	I tried this place with a Groupon and loved it! The theme is 60's which you probably have read. Every inch of this small diner is covered in decor. The service was excellent. Very attentive. I had basic scrambled eggs, crispy bacon, crispy hash browns & sourdough toast. It was perfect. My friend had the egg salad sandwich with homemade potato chips & pasta salad. She liked it. I tried the chips, delicious, especially dipped in ranch. The pasta salad tasted like strong italian dressing, we didn't care for it. Then we had the mini homemade donuts! They were awesome little fried donuts rolled in cinnamon & sugar! Mmm! Loved them! I will definitely be back!
3	I've called in orders to go at Rambo's for lunch on several occasions.  When waiting at the counter bar area for my food, I get a kick out of the various games, magazines and wall displays - makes the wait a little easier.As to the food, I've tried:The Cod nuggets ( i forget the price ) - tasty but small portionBacon Dog $3.79) - I liked it - onions would've have made it a hit !The Big Fish Sammie ( $7.99 but made it a " basket" for $3 more - you get a soda, fries/chips and a side - potato salad ) - It's a decent sandwich - definitely needed more tartar sauce. and i loved the chips.  Price seems a little on the high side for what you get.Double cheese burger ($5.49) - asked for char-broiled but i don't think i got it that way.  Bone dry burger - dire need of salt.6 mini donuts ( $2) - good stuff !I've got to try this place for breakfast.  Overall, I dig the vibe of the pace, the food is hot and miss but it's worth another try or 2.
1	Last time i was here ordered Rambo burger was served with stale pulled pork and a old hard bun   Fries were burnt  and my kid would not eat her meal. Next time I went   Ordered bacon hot dog and was served frozen in the middle  wtf. I have been here 150 + times I don't know what is going on but I'm on the fence If I will go back again  and when I go in they say wow you have not been here in awhile  go figure it out guys.  Thanks one of your best customers   Aka John Rickles   Fu
4	Great food, service and 50's decor.  I had the grilled pork chop dinner and strawberry shake, everything was terrific!  Lots of fun activities for kids on every table.
2	Very fun atmosphere. Bright insides with great artwork EVERYWHERE! The food is fresh and made to order. Lots of specials. I had the chicken salad sandwich and fresh New England clam chowder soup. Tons of clams in the soup and the chicken salad was good (had apples and celery). I specially asked for Miracle Whip (request option on the menu) on the sandwich and that was a great blast from the past taste. I liked the music playing and the games on every table. Great service too.PROS: Great interior and excellent service.CONS: Food was just average at best.             My boyfriend HATED it.             *Big Fish Sandwich - Over breaded and too much bread in general.              Needed more tartar sauce or lettuce or something.             *Chicken Avocado BLT - I ordered "breaded" for the chicken.               It came out fried to a crisp and the thin cutlet inside was dry as a bone. Two stars only because of the great atmosphere and decor. I would give the service 5 stars if that was a separate option.
4	We've passed by this place so many times and never really thought about trying it out til today (02/2013):Upon arrival, we immediately noticed the 60's diner feel, which was pretty awesome.  It was busy upon arrival, but we were acknowledged immediately and was told it would be about 5 minutes.  5 minutes was no biggie since there was so much cool stuff to see all over the walls.  There was also a little area near the hostess stand for classic games (even a magic 8!  I haven't seen that in ages).   When we were seated, I noticed a nice flat screen hanging above that played nostalgia to match the restaurant's ambiance.  I didn't pay much attention, but my seldom glances caught bits and pieces of cartoons and a clip of the 3 Stooges. The menu was quite tremendous in size, with tons of offerings (the walls had menu options on it as well...along with daily specials).  I ended up getting a 1/2 lb Chili Burger with homemade chips (recommended by the waitress) and a side of potato salad.  Jade ordered what I believe was called the Rio Grande.  Grande indeed!  Ordering this comes with a free coffee as well.  Look below to see how I felt about the food:Chili Burger plate: This was really good.  It was made to order and I took mine medium rare.  This one definitely will require the use of utensils rather than your traditional approach to a typical hamburger.  The only thing I disliked was that the Chili incorporated the use of beans.  I like beans in chili, but not in my Chili Burger. I know that sounds a bit picky, but it's just my personal preference and figured it would be fair to give you a heads up. The Homemade Chips were recommended by the waitress, but there are other options:  French Fries, Steak Fries, Onion Rings, etc.  I was pretty pleased with the Chips.   Potato Salad:  Nothing special here.  Like the chips, there are other options.Glass of water w/ Lemon:  Oh good... no weird tasting tap water and they remembered the Lemon. Score!Coffee: I'm personally not a coffee drinker, but Jade is.  When she has a complaint about the coffee, I usually know about it within minutes.  Lucky for me, no complaints!Rio Grande:  Grande? Yes , but it's also 90% potatoes.  I wasn't really a fan of this.  It's good for sharing, but it just wasn't as great as we had expected it to be.  It reminded me of  a Hash House A Go- Go type of dish, but not. Egh, don't take my word for it...you might be a fan.  Pros:   Very Good Service (quick to refill and check up) Very Reasonably Priced Diverse selection of food/drinks Games (we played checkers while we waited for our food..that's a plus!)Cons: Very tight seating Was not a fan of the Rio Grande (that's just me though...try it for yourself).Tips: Pick up a game or two to kill time while waiting at the table. Don't forget to check out the menu Wall + Daily specials =) Expect a bit of a wait... we luckily got seated before a huge rush (Sunday brunch) Try the pancakes and let me know what you think (they looked Super Fluffy)!Overall: I like this place.  I definitely plan on making a return visit.  I am actually considering taking my sister to this place.  I think she'd like the food, but most of all dig the ambiance of the place. If it wasn't for the tight-seating, I would have given this place a perfect rating. ...   Recommended =)
4	I've been to Rambos 4 times now. The food is consistently good. Last trip I tried the homemade donuts for 2 bucks and they were amazing. The vibe in there is awesome and not the typical Vegas contemporary pretentiousness. This place is locally owned which is a huge plus in my book. Give it a try. The menu is expansive and I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this restaurant! The portions are generous, and the food is flavorful and filling. The service was awesome and they were definitely attentive to our table even though there were others in the restaurant. The wait time for the food was not long at all, but to keep us entertained, they have books and games at the tables to pass the time. Such a fun idea.I highly recommend the fish and chips or the blue cheese bacon burger!
4	What a nifty concept!!! with great food to back it all up!!!I must preface this review by disclosing that I was horribly hungover this morning when we went to Rambo's. I could barely read the menu (headACHE!) and the bright colored interior actually made me sick. BUT with some aleve and large amounts of water consumption, I was able to feel human... with Rambo's help.Note: I read the menu wrong. In my defense, it was a very lengthy menu.  I thought the Pick 3 deal was 3 side dishes to an eggs benedict. I had no idea when I picked 3 items AND ordered the Red Rock Benedict that i was actually ordering 2 separate menu entrees (please refer to previous paragraph).I think this place is awesome. ANY place that has a board game at the table where I can kick my husband's arse at Snakes & Ladders while waiting for an appetizer gets my vote. Breakfast Lunch and Dinner available all day is another big PLUS in my book. My husband and I are serious offenders of the "eyes bigger than our stomachs" cliche. He was so overwhelmed by all of the menu options. We took like 15 minutes before committing to an order. The Rambo Burger is clearly a lunch item (it was 9 am) but my husband could not resist the urge. We ordered donuts for an appetizer AND fried zucchini.... and I accidentally ordered Eggs bacon toast AND hash browns and the Red Rock Benedict. Right after I dominated in Snakes & Ladders (awesome idea to have game boards at the table with game pieces), our donuts and zucchini were served. how were the donuts you ask? I don't know because my husband didn't share!!! Apparently the menu clearly states that the fried zucchini was a whole zucchini's worth of zucchini - but I must have missed that part (see paragraph 1).We ordered A LOT of food. A lot!  the red rock bene was good but -the focaccia bread had to be like 5 inches high... it would have been perfect if the slice of bread was much thinner. But no worries. the hubby wasn't a big fan of the rambo burger...he said it lacked a lot flavor that you would expect with all of the ingredients. He did finish off my bene and he really liked that. The eggs were good and the bacon was crispy. All pluses in my book.hands down the highlights of our meal was the Zucchini and (from what I hear) the donuts. We are definitely going back because I want to try all items that are hand-battered. The hand-battered zucchini was just delicious. The service was spot on but, maybe a tad overwhelming a couple of times.... not with us, but a couple who was sitting next to us within earshot were definitely getting irritated by the number of times their waitress asked, "are you sure I can't refill your iced tea" (it was 4). BUT I really liked the staff and they were definitely on their game (nothing went without a refill) and when I asked for a refill they gave me a refill and a to go cup --- nice touch ladies.The book of a menu that they have definitely leaves you with plenty of ideas for next time. We are definitely coming back (minus the hangover) !!!!
5	I've been to this place about 5-6 times over the past few years, and if it was a closer distance to me I'd probably be there more. Their menu is unique, the restaurant has character with activities to do at the tables. and the staff has always just been awesome and personable. I've always gotten the Cheesy Cheeseburger and it has always been good, along with the homemade chips. The food is a nice size, and the prices aren't ridiculous either. I'm sure I'll be back.
5	This place is pretty cool on the inside but the food is awesome. I had a cheese burger and I couldn't even finish it, that surprised me
3	Wow, so yummy! I had a Groupon and the food was amazing. Rambo burger w/ their homemade chips, ahhhhhhhhh so good. I spilt that and their big breakfast dish (pancakes, eggs, sausage, bacon and toast). You can't really mess up breakfast food and the bacon was thick cut and perfectly crispy! Server was nice and informative. The place lost one star because the food was rather expensive, but other than that, no other complaints. PS: Dont forget to tip off the original bill, it's cheap to tip off the discounted bill people!Update: Groupon deal is not as good as I thought. They have specials that can't be combined with your Groupon and the pancakes were undercooked the last time I went. Atmosphere is still awesome.
5	Love this little diner.  Service is excellent, atmosphere-fun and funky, and the food-yummy and fresh.  I so enjoyed the wait staff.  So attentive and helpful-expansive menu.  My eggs benedict and home fried potatoes with peppers and onion was as close to fresh as fresh can get.  Nothing overdone or greasy.Atmosphere was bright and cheery.  Great place to eat!
4	Awesome restaurant with a fun 60's hippie feel. The friendly staff will go out of their way to assure your satisfaction. Def will be back.
4	1 star for going on a weekend (Sunday) never ever again, 5 stars for the food. They need at least 3 more extra waiters on the weekends. took forever for our food at least 1 hour and 10 mins. kept forgetting everything down to the silverware. but very pleasant girls, Owner only hires pretty females (discrimination) too tight inside, nice outside but flimsy patio chairs., and neighborhood pidgeons walking up to your feet looking for hand-outs. haha. Went inside to get a carry-out box and the waitress picked up 2 plates full of un-eaten food and discarded it. Oh well cant cry over spilled milk. Stay out of restaurants in Vegas on the weekends, nobody friggin cooks at home.....
4	My husband passes this restaurant often when he's near work and decided to look it up and try it.  When we arrived it was pretty busy.  We stood for a moment wondering if we should seat ourselves because no one was up at the front to tell us otherwise.  We were eventually seated at our table and given menus.  Pretty small place with tables along one whole side of the restaurant.  It looks a lot bigger from the outside.  Our server was very nice, albeit a little spacey and loud.  She took our drink orders, told us all about the menu and the lunch specials, and then asked again for our drink orders.  She apologized and said she did the speech a little out of order that time.   We would occasionally hear her from the other end of the restaurant, taking orders and checking on other patrons.  The menu offers a wide variety of diner food - much of which is made in house.  They offer fresh cut french fries (which are very good) and homemade potato chips, which I really want to try.  My husband wanted to try the homemade meatloaf but decided on a burger from the lunch specials since he didn't want to return to work too stuffed.  There are a few lunch specials - we chose the burger and grilled cheese, both of which were $7.77, included a drink, french fries or chips, and a small side.  FYI: your groupon or coupon won't work if you're ordering from the specials.  A note about the menu: In my opinion, it's VERY "busy".  I don't if I was just tired or what but I simply did not know where to look.  The fonts were colorful and the pages, packed and I'm glad our server explained things to me because my eyes just didn't want to focus on anything.  The other thing you'll notice about the menu are all the options.  Everything was a choice to be made with my grilled cheese lunch special.  I chose the bread, cheese, side, fries (fresh cut, steak fries, crinkle cut, or homemade chips).  It's always nice to have options but since I didn't read the menu thoroughly I didn't realize and I had to make them all on the spot.  I enjoyed my grilled cheese creation (swiss & american on sourdough) - it really hit the spot!  Hubby also REALLY enjoyed his burger.  He was raving about his meal later that night. The decor, like the menu, is busy, but suits the 60's style of this little restaurant.  It's colorful and cluttered with toys, games, and books for patrons to entertain themselves with while they wait.  At one point my husband picked up a rubix cube.  As he messed around with it, the nurse in me asked myself when the last time that thing had been disinfected was. LOL I thought of all the tables before me - both children and adults - and how many of them did not wash their hands before touching it.  OCD, much? There were books about the Beatles and old cars, etc., a flat screen tv above us was showing old commercials, the windows were covered with colorful fabrics.  One of the decor items I could have done without were the seat cushions.  Different psychadelic print pillows on the seats.  Lumpy and uncomfortable.  Some seats don't have them.There is one toilet for the whole place and I'd be kind of annoyed if I were at the table RIGHT at the entrance to the bathroom.  Overall the food and service were good.  We never went thirsty, everything we ordered was served up quickly, and price for the lunch special was pretty decent.  So I'm giving this place 3.5 stars (my husband would give it 4).  I'm wondering if Rambo was the dog on the restaurant's sign and, if so, whose dog he was.  Maybe I missed that story on the busy menu?   Anyway, Rambo's Kitchen is definitely worth a shot for some good diner food.
4	I like this place. But forgot it even existed until I saw it on Yelp again... and it's literally 1 block away from me! This is a cool little 60's themed diner that has all the throwback decor. Old books, games, memorabilia, posters, and they're everywhere! I'd say its a little overkill, but in a good way. I like it! The food, honestly, is not that special. At all. (or at least what I had anyway). I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was super bland. Not much seasoning at all. Which, now that I think about it, "why am I giving it 4 stars?". Oh yeah, because its such a rad place to go and hang out. Maybe the decor distracted me from the food...OH! and just like any other diner in the 60's, they offer free WiFi!
4	I've been here twice already and plan to keep coming back!The 10 for 20 groupon is an amazing deal for this place, which is homemade diner food in a 60's atmosphere.  The service is top notch, very attentive and great about refilling drinks.The clam chowder is amazing.  Plenty of big chunks of clams and bacon.  A+.  I also loved the BBQ meatloaf.  The pastrami burger was good, but nothing special.  They have mini donuts that are fresh and warm and make a good treat.  I think this place mostly shines getting diner type dinner/lunch entrees.
4	Bought my first groupon coupon for Rambos Kitchen. The service was fantastic and the food really good  I had a club sandwich and my friends had the turkey croissant, pulled pork sandwich, and Rambo burger. The burger and the side of potato salad was eh. But the rest was perfect.Love the decor and all the fun stuff on the walls and games/books on the tables. My coupon wasn't ready by the time we paid but no worries, I will gladly go back and use it another time.
4	Yummy food, awesome service, fun atmosphere. Had the bbq dog and the psychadelic special. The only meh thing was the fried mushrooms were kinda bland.
5	My second visit and I was planning on using my Groupon coupon for lunch.  I was showing my friend the phone app and accidentally hit the redeem button and my coupon disappeared, dang it. This time I had a cold meatloaf sandwich with mayo, lettuce, and tomato, yummm.  My husband had the burger with bacon and blue cheese, also yummmm.  My daughter had a Caesar  salad and it was just ok.  There were a lot of croutons and they completely overpowered the salad with herb flavoring.When it came time to pay the bill, I told the waitress my sad story about hitting the redeem button by mistake, and losing my coupon and asked if they would still honor it.  They did and I was a happy camper.I also love that you can bring your dog(s) and sit out on the patio.  Very cool......
3	Went to Rambo kitchen with my fiance on a Monday which was not busy at all. The service was a "eh" at best. Took a while to get the food also. I love burgers to death so I asked the waiter what is this place known for and she replied that the burgers are well known. When I received my burger.... finally, I then thought that it looks great with the big portion they give you. I got a cheesy cheeseburger with bacon, their famous homemade chips, and coleslaw. My fiance got the Rambo burger with pulled pork on top. So I take my first bite and it was no good. The medium burger I asked for was more well done. The burger was cheesy as they say though. The burger fan I am I must say I was disappointed. My fiance wasn't happy either. The only reason I gave 3 stars was because the homemade chips were damn addicting. If you asked me if I would come back.... I would say no.
2	I finally made it to Rambo 's.  My Sweety has been there for lunch at least a half dozen times.  She is a huge fan of the lunch fare.The good - a generally nice and relaxed atmosphere. I noticed a few folks with small dogs,  eating outside - al fresco. We sat outside.  Very comfortable.   The service was good - our waitress never let our tea below half.The bad - we ordered up. A Rambo 's Country Breakfast for me  ( my eggs fried " over potatoes mixed with ham, bacon, and cheese. Sourdough toast )  My sweety ordered Rasberry Swirl French Toast.... we waited.... and waited .... well,  we knew they make all to order,  and they were busy,  it'll  be worth it ..... waited.  Finally our breakfasts arrived. Huge portions. Humongous.  After all the waiting,  you'd  think the food would at least be hot / warm.  Nope.  My breakfast companion got her raspberry french toast swirl, and it was not warm enough to melt butter  :-/  She said well "" eff it I'm  not sending it back "".    My potatoes were warm  but the eggs were cold, toast was too.My sweety told me lunch is very good. Different crew,  not so busy.  So, I'll  probably be tempted to try lunch.  Pretty much over breakfast at Rambo 's.  That's  a no go for us both.  Sorry.TWO STARS for breakfast. That's  just because our servers kept the ice tea full.
3	Solid food.. A little overpriced
5	Just left this place and loved it! I had the cheesy cheese burger which was delicious!  My husband enjoyed the Rambo burger,he devoured the whole thing! And our daughter gobbled up her grilled cheese. The service was excellent from our waitress, to the waitress at the table next to us who checked in frequently. From the delicious home style food, to the laid back atmosphere, I would highly recommend this place.
4	What a menu! So many things to choose from. The open face turkey sandwich was delicious. It was just like eating a homemade Thanksgiving dinner. Clam chowder was also great.My son has the cheesy cheese burger and fresh cut fries which he said was yummy.We'll be back.
3	Pretty cool retro 60's feel. I liked that I passed the time playing UNO and checking out all the decode it took about 20min from the time we ordered . The waitress Was super friendly. I ordered the homemade doughnuts to go the lady said it would take 15 min. When I asked why so long she said she would speed it up. The chicken chabada sandwich me and my friend ordered was about a 5 on a 1-10. The bill came to 35 bucks a little pricy considering I ordered 12 doughnuts for 4$..they were really small and tasted like the fryer oil wasnt changed cause it tasted like fries..wired. It's a cool place to check out.
5	The Cheesy Cheese burger was fabulous! It lives up to it's yummy description. It might be one of my favorite burgers in all of Las Vegas. My husband loved his Rambo burger. He was blown away by all the meaty flavors.A restaurant is not only about food, but those who create your meal, serve your meal and provide a smile. The staff at Rambo's Kitchen is awesome! They make you feel like family. I can't wait to go back to try the other tasty treats on their menu!
4	Love Love Love going to Rambos. Amazing burgers and fries and the milkshakes and mini donuts are amazing.The only caveat don't eat here if you are in a rush. The food is fresh and the cooks are a little on the slow side. It seems like they can only handle one or two orders max at a time. If your looking for great food, it's the place to be. Just know it could take a little longer than you are used to.
4	Overall good food, lots of options. Prices are a little high, but not too bad. Atmosphere is awesome and service was phenomenal! Was a little sad they were out of crinkle fries when i went, but I'll definitely go back.
5	AMAZING food and service!The Rambo Burger is the bomb!!! ....my HOUSE chips were AMAZING and my freshly made non greasy mini cinnamon sugar donuts made me die and go to heaven!! My friend's Cobb Salad was very generously sized and was filled with freshly chopped goodies...  No skimping on the grilled chicken!Too bad I was visiting Vegas and can't make this our regular joint!  We are looking forward to our next visit!!PS The staff was very attentive to the guests and when they were not helping us,  they were keeping the place CLEAN and organized.  Thank you TINA!
5	Awesome juicy lucy style burger, great service, and an open kitchen. As a food server, I like any place that has a kitchen I can see into. It shows that they have nothing to hide. Today was my first time in, but we'll be going back again.
5	We LOVED this place and can't wait to go back! I can't believe this place doesn't get more hype...how long have we been missing out on this gem?  We smiled the entire time we were there.  Rambo's Kitchen ambience, theme,, and menu suit my husband and me perfectly.  We're still stunned that such a perfect place exists.Super fun environment and still comfy and relaxing.  We had the fish tacos (super fresh and tasty), hot open-faced turkey sandwich (awesome), clam chowder (thick) and onion rings with special dipping sauce (perfect).  Then we split a gigantic milkshake which was absolutely delicious.We were seated immediately and received prompt, very friendly service.  The prices are ridiculously low.  This would be a great first date place for couples of any age.Next time, we're bringing our 1978 VW Bus so we can cruise down in style for some of the famous mini donuts we've heard all about.  Hopefull we'll get to meet Rambo one day!Check it out!
2	Really disappointed. I was super pumped to try this place out after the weekly wrote them as one of the ten best burgers in town. It was like $32 for two burgers and two ice teas witch is fine if the food is good,but the burgers where meh as best.
4	Mini-Donuts!  Who has these anymore??  Rambo's does! This is comfort food for sure... meat loaf, fried chicken, etc.  They have good burgers as well.  It's slightly off the beaten path, but worth a stop.  It's decorated in the spirit of a '60's diner.  Each table has games, trivia cards, cribbage boards, etc for you to have fun with.  It's "over-decorated" with posters of old movies and movie stars and great sayings of famous people from the past.  A unique and tasty experience you have to try!!
1	We were very disappointed in this restaurant as the other reviews and photos looked so good!  We went for breakfast and the portions were small and lacked flavor.  We will not go back.  We should have stuck with the hotel's buffet.
5	Excellent crispy chicken salad, everything fresh, even has rainbow kale! The fresh bacon pieces were the right counterpoint to the dressing. The chicken breast - fantastic, crispy, juicy. Combo of warm/cold is so yummy. How has no one raved yet about this salad?!This is one of those places that doesn't bring in pre-cooked, pre-fab, pre-mixed mass-produced "food product." Their food is fresh-prepped, just like home cooking. It's such a welcome change. Even their fried food - it is hand-dipped, hand-dredged, "fresh fried" - not pre-fried three states away in a warehouse, trucked in and re-heated.Service was fantastic, too. Easy parking. Worth the drive from wherever you're coming from.
4	I've been here twice for breakfast on Sunday mornings. It gets pretty busy so go in by 9am or so. First time I tried the breakfast sandwich on a croissant which was great. Second time i had and egg salad sandwich with onion rings, kind of odd for breakfast but again it was really good. Sometimes the potatoes are overcooked which is the only complaint.
4	I went for brunch and had the chicken fried steak and eggs with hashbrowns......wow, my favorite breakfast item ever in my life and Rambos made the best i ever had. Absolutley delicious, their menu is extensive with a great variety or things you wont get anywhere else.
3	Homemade mini donuts are awesome. Taste like warm soft churros.   Their breakfast burrito was dinky just like the waitress warned us so don't order it unless you just want a snack.  Service was friendly and decor pretty cool.
5	I love love love this place! It's a great 60's diner, filled with authentic memorabilia and videos, as well as vintage games and books. It's our Friday night spot, for all you can eat fish and chips (my hubby is English and loves them) and UNO marathons! All the waitresses are excellent, shout out to the girls who bake fresh cakes and brownies. I adore Misti, she has helped me set up my mom's birthday party here the last two years. Give it a try, everything on the menu is delicious, from cheddar stuffed burgers to hot open turkey. I'm moving to Florida, and will miss this place !! Support small businesses , give this amazing hidden gem a try :-)
2	A group of 4 of us went for lunch in a Tuesday at 12:20pm. We didn't get our order taken for drinks or food for about 20 minutes. The server was nice and apologetic. We waited forever for our food.  My friend finally got a small order of donuts.  I looked at my watch and it was 1:17pm and still did not get our food.  We finally just asked for our food to be taken to go and for our check. It was 1:30pm by the time we got our food wrapped up and the check paid. The delay with everything was not the server's fault.  I wish I could give her a separate rating. She did everything she could to give us good service. The restaurant was full and had a large party. There were only 2 servers. I think it was the kitchen that held everything up. Our orders weren't anything that would take a long time to make. We all got breakfast items. The table beside us took a long time to even get a salad. I don't think I would go here again.
2	Thought we'd try it out. Looked kooky and kitchy and maybe a bit fun. Well the service was pleasant and polite, but straight away my wife and I were weirded out by the taste of the water, then the Coke. It was the ice! Something wrong with it, and no idea what....just tasted funky. Got some more soda with no ice. Problem solved. Ordered the AYCE fish n chips (with fresh cut fries) comes out with chips. Back it goes. My wife notices that the chips have been taken off and the fish is sitting there. (Forgot to mention...small restaurant with open plan kitchen. Quite warm)Food comes out WITH fries. Yay! Fish is still hot. Double yay! Short lived. Neither the fish, the batter, nor the fries were seasoned. The fish and the fries were cooked well maybe even good, tasted.... "Meh"Almost definitely not going back.
3	90% of menu is home made!  Fried chips are amazing.  The onion rings are my personal favorite, hand battered goodness.
5	Great food and great service.
5	I liked the atmosphere at this place and the menu has a lot of good food on it.  I like the fact that they have peanut butter sandwiches on the menu.  I'd say this place is a stoners paradise! haha... no for real lot's to choose from and reasonably priced and definitely not a chain food place.  I'd go again and bring friends to this place.
3	3 stars for food and service1 star for atmosphere and space.  This place is WAY too small and too much memorabilia crap all over the damm place.  It's too cluttered.  It's nice but minimize it a bit.  This place is way too small too.  So beyond that, the menu is good, the food was very good as well I really enjoyed the meatloaf special that I had.  I would definitely come back for the food oh and GREAT onion rings.  The server was very nice as well.
3	Went on a crowded Fathers day lunchtime, they accommodated us the best they could, it is a tiny place and I'm assuming it's not always packed like it was today. We ended up eating on the 'patio' (the sidewalk in front) an arms length from the nearest car. Like I said, Fathers day, I get it, they're busy, no biggie. If not for the sunshade, we'd have walked away with major sunburn.Food was ordered, taken by a super nice girl. Waters came quick as did the food. Expected a longer wait. I had the Cheesy Cheeseburger...cooked to perfection. A little bland on the meat though, was a little surprised, expected better. The cheese wasn't quite as pronounced as I thought it would be either - definitely not a Juicy Lucy (Google that one) like the RJ write-up suggested.The Rambo burger was also ordered, basically the same as the above with some added toppings.The homemade chips were awesome though, as were the crinkle cut fries I got. A+ for those, the burgers alone wouldn't bring me back but tons more food on the menu though, I would come back to sample more.
4	Update: Been here a few times and had problems with consistency of food and service.  Wish they would address this. And I hope if you guys go that you get the good servers!  P.S. Try to steer clear of their deep fried entrees, they tend to overdo them.I've eaten at places with great food but not great "spirit." I love eating at places humming with the buzz of people, friendly servers, good music and things to look at.  Rambo's Kitchen will assault you with so much stuff to look at, even their menu will make you a little dizzy.  But I like the vibe - colorful, eccentric, warm as sunshine and playful.  There's a table at the entrance with all sorts of games for kids and adults.  I loved this place.  I entered and left it in an extremely happy mood, especially since it is very kid friendly.I wanted to try everything on the menu but hubby and I ended up ordering the same thing - blue cheese burger with bacon. He thought it could use more grease but I loved it - very tasty stuff and I pretty much bathed it in their equally yummy blue cheese dressing so my mouth was pretty lubricated (kinky).  My accompanying fresh potato chips were EXCELLENT.  Thin crisp light slices of potatoes that could be eaten alone or dunked in their smorgasbord of dips.  The service was so friendly and accommodating that matched with the colorful place and great food... I couldn't help but bounce in my seat while eating my meal.  Seriously.Hoorah!  We've found another family hangout in our area besides Island Flavor.  Will return soon!
5	Rambo's has the best burgers in town! Actually they have the best everything! You have to try it! They have so many neat things to look at and games for the little one! We just absolutely love it! The Cheesy Cheesburger is my favorite! It's stuffed with cheese and cheese of your choice on top! On a fresh made egg wash bun to die for! On too of that they have fresh cut fried and homemade chips plus 3 other types of fries to choose from!!
4	I didn't know what to expect when I was invited here for a late night dinner by a fellow Yelper. The restaurant name can be a bit, well.... intimidating. Once inside, all reservations melted away. Even though it's a small place, I think it is very kid friendly. All the books, games, pictures on the walls and tables will keep the kiddos busy for the entire meal. Our half sandwich half salad meals were good. I liked the house salad was a nice mix of greens, not a bowl of iceberg lettuce like I have been served at other places. It has an open type kitchen so you can hear and see what is going on during your food preparation. There are a few tables for outside dining-weather permitting. Misty who was our waitress was very cool. She seemed so happy to be working there and I really enjoyed our interactions with her. She brought us a basket of freshly made mini doughnuts in honor of my friends birthday so that made the meal extra special.
1	I really wanted to like this place... It is super cute with music memoribilia everywhere, UNO and books on the tables, and super friendly staff. But, we left really unsatisfied and pretty unhappy. We went around 9pm on a Tuesday - they close at 10pm. The place was empty except for one other table. We ordered a grilled cheese with bacon and the foccacia grilled chicken sandwich. We waited about 45 minutes for our food. I really have no idea how it could take that long to make a grilled cheese and chicken sandwich. 45 minutes! I guess this is why they have games and books on the table? So, when the food does show up, the grilled cheese with bacon does not have bacon on it, as ordered...And, the chicken sandwich was not made correctly either. On the menu it says it has roasted red peppers, balsamic mayo, etc. and sounded great (and it was $12-13)... but, it came with just plain mayo and lettuce and the chicken was so thin and over cooked I could barely bite through most of it. We didn't bother sending anything back because we had already waited way too long and we were starving... I really wish we had just sent it back. We mentioned that there was no bacon on the grilled cheese when we asked for our check so we weren't charged for it. In the end, we paid about $33 (after tip and tax, etc) for a simple grilled cheese, a tiny chicken sandwich and a few potato chips. Like I said, I really wanted to like this place, but we won't be going back. I think the waitress - who was very nice - knew they screwed up. As we left, she simply said, "thanks for trying us out," in a deflated tone....
4	Stopped by Friday for the AYCE fish fry. The atmosphere is cute. The waitresses were attentive, almost too much so. The food was above my expectations. Juicy cod fillets and fresh cut french fries.
5	Fun, funky, and the food is delicious!  The kids love playing all the free games that are sitting around, and we always have a ton of food to take home and make an entire meal out of.  Love this place!
4	Rambo's Kitchen has to be one of the cutest spots I have visited. The first time I got the Country Breakfast Platter. The biscuits and gravy were amazing and the food was piping hot which is always a plus being that I enjoy burning the roof of my mouth when I eat LOLMy hubby got the Cheesy Cheese Burger which was amazing as well. He has been looking for a new favorite burger ever since Kilroy's stopped serving food a few years back and he said this was a definite replacement. The crinkle cut fries were yummy, too. We ended our first visit with the mini donuts which were hot and delicious.On our second visit, the hubby got the fish sandwich and while he enjoyed it, he said he wished he would have ordered the burger again. I got the club sandwich was was just average. I ordered avocado on it and they forgot to put it on... I didn't say anything because I hate to be a pain. I often recommend this place and will keep coming back.Misty is also the cutest and most energetic server we have ever had... anywhere! :)
3	Food is alright, nothing I would crave and be inspired to go back for. The home made chips are pretty good- fried, salty potatoes. I don't mind an eclectic environment in a restaurant but it was all a little too cheesy for me. It seems like they printed out scanned copies of magazine covers from the 60's all on the same sized paper. Its like its supposed to be erratic, but all the papers are pale and pretty much lined up. I don't know, I feel like they could have actually posted old memorabilia if they were trying to create that 60's feel. Instead, it feels like a restaurant in 2013 trying to tape up pictures they printed at home about the 60's.The games and books on the table are fun, but it wasn't enough to make it become a regular place for me.The servers were really sweet though, great attitudes.
2	placed an order to pick up.  When I got there they said they were behind and the food would be out shortly.  ummm, only about 4 tables full in the place and I waited the 20 minutes they asked.  I thumbed thru a magazine while I waited, but I was not pleased.  And it cost me extra to get ranch dressing for my mediocre chicken wings?  Seriously? The onion rings were burnt and lack luster.  Must of caught them on a bad day or ordered the wrong item.
4	First time here at Rambo's and had a great experience. Everyone was welcoming and smiling and did a good job going over the specials and menu items. I had the cheesy cheese burger and my husband had the Rambo burger. Both were massive meat patties with all the fixings you'd want on your burger and oozing with cheesy goodness. The bun fell apart but all in all was a drippingly delight. I was impressed with the coleslaw, was creamy and had just the right sweetness and tang. It was a bit of a wait to get the food as other Yelpers have mentioned but was certainly worth waiting forCute kitschy decor, 60's oldies playing, tasty food and great service!  I left with a full belly and a big smile on my face.
5	We got there about a half hour before closing and were the only customers. Our waitress (Misty) greeted us with a smile and was very accommodating.  The food was outstanding, the service was very good, and we absolutely loved the vibe (atmosphere) of the establishment. Highly recommend and will certainly stop again if/when our travels ever take us to Vegas again.
2	For the record, I hate giving this place two stars.The place is adorable.  Every square inch is packed with some kind of memorabilia or decoration from the 60's/70's.  There was obviously a lot of care and thought taken when decorating and it pays off big.  They also play a lot of Rolling Stones, Doors, etc, to add to the hippie experience.  The servers are also really great, especially Misty.  She's very sweet and willing to make recommendations on the menu.Unfortunately, each time I've been here, at least one person at my table absolutely hated their meal.  I'm not talking about "eh, not my fave" kind of reactions, but "I can't eat anymore of this, no, no, no."   One of those meals was a pulled pork sandwich (apparently the meat texture left much to be desired).  The other hated meal was my egg salad sandwich.  Now, I am a big egg salad enthusiast and will eat pretty much anything.  But, I really disliked this sandwich due to the overwhelming amount of celery in the filling.  I could only taste celery in each bite, which was gross. Also, the egg chunks were pretty large and not mashed like I prefer.  So, after a few bites, I was done and I sent it back.  I NEVER send things back, but it had to be done.  Luckily, they were very nice about it and brought me a chicken salad sandwich instead.  The chicken salad was much better, but not the greatest.Because I love everything else about this place, I'm going to give it a few more shots.  They serve breakfast all day, so, that might be the best bet.
4	Ate here for the first time today, & I was very impressed. The ambience is fun & the waitresses are very friendly. They have a whole station of toys, puzzles, books, & games. When we sat down, my boyfriend brought the Rubix cube with him to solve. We found out that if he solves the Rubix cube, we get free donuts! Such an awesome plus! (He solved it btw...& we devoured the donuts.)I ordered the Cheesy Cheeseburger & my boyfriend ordered the Rio Grande breakfast. Both reasonably priced. My burger was HUGE. I'm a tiny girl & I could barely fit my mouth over the thing! The Rio Grande looked delicious, I didn't try any, but he loved it! We also ordered a pancake to split & it was one of the best pancakes I've had. I'm only giving this place 4 stars because our food took quite some time. I totally get that everything is made fresh but being pregnant & hungry...time isn't always your best friend! Another reason for the 4 stars is because I was a little upset with the way my chair kept getting bumped. It's definitely a small space. I was also a little annoyed that a party next to us had a full table plus people that were with them standing around  their table. It was totally awkward having someone's back against my head. But not the staff's fault, at all. I can't wait to go back to try more of their meals. The donuts are delicious also!
2	Went back a third time. Not sure if they were off their game or what but the food wasn't that good. Sent food back twice, then gave up. Probably wont go back
2	Ok so i have now tried this place 3 times and i hate to say this but i prob wont be back again:( the service is great, the atmosphere is fun and lively but it is HOT in the restaurant and the food is not yummy. I have sent back food, packed it and just threw it away at home and/or just ate it because i was so hungry!! The food always takes a long time to cook, which isn't a bad thing because u know its being made fresh but then to wait that long and then not like the food....ughhh. So sad because this place is really cute and the servers are great!!
5	I had seen Rambo's through Groupon a few times and finally bought the deal after reading other yelp reviews. It was an absolute perfect place to bring a 6 year old! The music was fun, the atmosphere was great and the food was delicious. There are games to bring to the table which made it really fun to entertain the kids and made it more of something to go do rather than just eat. My 6 year old wants to go back already :-) We ordered the half turkey sandwich and salad (basic but good), the chili ( not as chunky as I like but she loved it) and the pb and j with homemade chips. The pb and j was awesome, the sourdough bread was very good but a little too thick of slices for my taste. The chips were a little too thick and salty but again she loved them and I'm probably a little picky. We'll definitely be back with the whole family and maybe friends!
4	Ate here twice on a trip to Vegas. Found it by accident coming to the hotel from the new Wet n Wild waterpark. Our first dinner was really great. We both had the open face turkey with beef stroganoff soup. Turkey was terrific. Tender and moist - real turkey breast and also some dark meat.  The mashed potatoes and gravy were very good and fresh - excellent consistency.  Good root beer float.Second night, had the chicken alfredo. Not good like the night before. Thinish sauce and mediocre texture on the chicken. Lots of butter running around the bottom of the bowl. Garden salad with meal was not good. Mealy tomatoes, stale croutons. Served in a sad chipped wooden bowl.Staff is friendly. Seated right away - food pretty timely. Ambiance is pretty nice with a mostly 1960's theme including music. But tables were a little sticky. Fun things to do while waiting - card games, puzzles, coloring books.So, first night a 5, second night a 3, total average is 4.
2	It's not made with careThe food....The cooks don't know what they are doing... its American food not Mexican
1	My family of four went in for breakfast. This is a very small but cute establishment. There was only one open table that was able to seat six and they wouldn't seat us. The hostess wanted to leave the table open "just in case a larger party came in", rather than seating the customers they already had. They wanted us to wait at the front for a smaller table to open up. Once we convinced her to let us have the table the hostess was extremely rude and told us with a really sarcastic tone of voice that she would get our server. We ended up leaving before she came back because the customer service was just so bad. I would not recommend if you're looking for friendly service.
1	Didn't have a chance to try the food. The staff was extremely rude and we decided to go somewhere else. Ended up finding an amazing breakfast place down the street called DW Bistro. Go there! Avoid this small restaurant with rude staff!
4	This place is way far out of our neighborhood (barrio), but we went here for dinner recently anyway, prompted by two things: the purchase of a Groupon (the Yelper's wet dream), and my little nephew begging to go to the "rainbow place with the little dog" he saw on tv. So, it was a Tuesday with nothing better to do, so down the road we went. As others have commented, it is small, but interesting and packed with things to look at from back when I was young. The servers were as sweet and helpful as they could be. All the toys and games were great- it kept Little Guy entertained the entire visit, and we were distracted from the long wait, too (it helped to order an appetizer of surprisingly good chips and guacamole). I had the daily special of BBQ meatloaf with mashed potatoes and vegetables, all of which tasted fresh and homemade. Babygirl had the bacon cheeseburger, which involved not only your choice of cheese on top of the patties, but American melted in the middle, too. YUM! Little Guy lost interest in dining since it was interfering with table space for the Barrel of Monkeys and Star Wars puzzle, but they blessedly serve breakfast all day and he can always be coaxed into consuming pancakes and sausage. (His critique: "the pancakes taste like muffins". ? Do with it what you will). So, we all had plenty to eat, but as we all know, that has nothing to do with dessert, so we ordered up their special, a bizarre concoction of French toast, peanut butter, bananas, chocolate syrup, and dried banana chips. Now, if a contestant on "Top Chef" dared to serve this aberration to the judges, Tom Colicchio would grab him by the seat of his pants and forcibly eject him from the premises. We ate every bite. I am so ashamed. BG wants to go back for another one of those cheeseburgers. We will wear dark glasses.
3	When I think of Rambo, of course the first thing that comes to mind is Sly himself going berserk and killin fools. That's a big negative here. Instead you come in to find all old school 50's to 70's paraphernalia. They even have old school games spread out on some of the tables.As for the food, I would say it was average. If anything, I say its a bit pricey just for your basic burgers, salad, etc. After going over the menu and deciding I didn't really wanna spend more than 10 bucks for lunch, I went with the pick two option of a half sandwich and either a salad or soup. I went with the shaved turkey on sourdough with a garden salad because their soup of the day choices were barley and tomato. Price for that was around 7 bucks. After I finished my food, I was actually still hungry. So I had no choice but to order home made fries on the side which were actually not bad. But now im going over 10 bucks since the fries were 3 bucks. SMH.The total plus tip was around 13 dollars. Again if I was gonna spend 10 bucks for lunch it should be worth spending but in my opinion, here was not worth it. The only shining light was Misty, who was my server. She was spot on from taking my order to bringing it out, to refills, to getting my check, to cashing me out. She did her job with a smile. It is not her fault the food and prices were the way they were.So for the record, I love checking out new places. There are some that warrants follow up visits. Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.
4	Let me tell you about the very first time:Having looked over the extensive menu about twenty times over, I finally decided to order a country fried steak. My partner in crime wanted some fish tacos.During our wait, we were very much occupied by the card games on our table. I have always been fascinated with the 60s and I pretty much pointed out everything I recognized like a child would peering into a tinted glass window.After a while, our food came. I was beyond stoked to try it and didn't hesitate to dig in. Long story short, my plate ended up pretty clean. As for the fish tacos...They were alright. They needed some flavor. We then indulged in some mini donuts and both concluded we would even come just for those. The bite sized, cinnamon-y, little balls of dough definitely made up for the lacking tacos.Overall, Rambo's Kitchen is a good time! The food is great, and with its theme all over the place, you'll never be bored. I did come back after the first time, and I will continue to do so!
5	I came in thinking it was going to be a military/combat theme restaurant (Rambo is the name of the owners pet dog) but If you are looking for a 60s era flashback you need not look any further. They are grooving to the hits of the 60s and even the early 70s. The decor is a collection of hippie memorabilia and it was enjoyable going through the store and having fond memories of my childhood pop up and make me laugh; Like the first time I heard that song I was doing...The menu is all over the place and that concerns me because I want this place to succeed. I really hope someone is able to convince them to narrow their scope a little bit.  I'm sure they are throwing a lot of food away at the end of the day as they make everything from scratch.I'm getting of my soap box now to tell you they are serving all homemade products and you can tell. The fried mushrooms are the best I've ever had and you can tell they are made fresh.The Pork Chops are the second best Pork Chop I've had since moving to Vegas. Their Potato Chips are hand cut and made to order. I don't normally like those kind of chips but they were delicious.The wait staff was friendly and not pushy or overbearing. Gave the tables time to talk, enjoy each others company and enjoy their meals. My GF didn't care for the music selection but loved the food. Asked if we could eat outside the next time we patronize them so she didn't need to listen to the music. Wear your tie dye for a discount and make sure to ask for one of their "special" 1970 style brownies... I kid but they are delicious.
5	Amazing food. Adult grilled cheese, clam chowder, pastrami burger, chicken fried steak. All amazing. Groovy atmosphere. Friendly service.
3	Killer home made ranch. Loved the decor and especially the tv showing old time commercials; it certainly sparked the conversation at our table.
1	Went here today for the first time.  We were greeted when we arrived and chose a table in front.  Waitress came to take drink order and I put in order for my child's meal and a appetizer.  She brought the drinks but then didn't return to take the order until the app and kids meal was delivered.  We ordered our food, I fed my daughter, we ate our huge order of zucchini.  The zucchini came with a small dipping cup of ranch, we were charged for the extra ranch we needed due to the size of app.  After a while I went to go refill my drink myself and ask about our food.  2 orders of fish and chips.  It had been over 1/2 hr at this point and I knew there was a issue because I could see all the staff in the corner.  I could also HEAR them talking about a lost ticket.  We were about to leave and I even told the waitress "I just saw the cook drop in fish, is that ours?"  Wondering why it had been so long.  The waitress was sweet but clearly not trained to know how to handle a screw up.  She proceeded to lie to me and say "it takes a while because we need to make sure the fish is cooked, and what I saw was a to go order."  She clearly was oblivious that being the ONLY customers in the restaurant, no one came in for take out and I had a clear view of the cook.  Also its pretty common knowledge when you are ordering fried fish it only takes a couple minutes, not 30!  We proceeded to eat and before leaving a lady came over full of bad excuses... We switched staff, etc.  Well as I said had a clear view of the 1 cook who was there from when we walked in to when we left, and we had the same waitress so who knows what staff she was talking about.  She gave us a couple donuts which from what I have read is their "apology."   We also used a groupon, which by the way means you cannot order 1/2 the menu, no specials, etc.  Bad experience, mediocre food for the price, poor service, and penalized for using a group on.PS.. in response to Robert.  My daughter never sat on the floor, never colored on your very doubtfully "new" tile.  Shame on you. She was bored to tears at the amount of time we were there, as were we.  My experience was accurate.  I watched the SAME cook in the kitchen, and our meal there took over 1 hour.  Bought the groupon on the way in and have a time on the bill.  People came in after us and left before us.  As I stated we were the ONLY table.  There was not a 7-9 nominate delay, It took 15 minutes for app, than another 30 for meal.  The waitress LIED, a weak apology was given at end with a couple donuts.  If going back there was ever going to happen, your response has changed that.  Good luck in business.
5	Love this place, only been there once, but it was awesome and cheap food. Burgers are great. Only havent been back because its so far from me.
5	Fun atmosphere, friendly staff, and delicious food. It's 60's themed, so flower power all over the walls. I am a veteran, so the peace-loving hippie thing isnt really my cup of tea, but it felt like I was in San Francisco, and it was a nice change. Had the eggs, bacon, sausage and pancakes, all outstanding. Its funny how something so simple can taste so good. It tasted like REAL FOOD, not processed like Denny's breakfast. Quality. Will dine in again.
3	My kids like coming here to play the games at the table. The food is good but for the price is nothing to rave about. I tried to be smart and buy a groupon before getting there. When I got there, there was a sign on the door stating the groupon was not valid with kid meal purchases :-(   Luckily I was able to refund my groupon. The best part of the meal were the mini donuts.
2	My boyfriend and I went in after a doctor's appointment.  He ordered the Rambo burger medium,  it came well and lacked flavor.  I wanted eggs Benedict,  you can only have on weekends.  So I ordered another breakfast,  asked for sausage,  they told me there was no  link sausage,  only bacon and patties. The bacon was burned but the rest of the food was ok. You can only use groupon on non special items,  which is stupid.  I paid and gave cash,  asked the waitress if she gave me a 5 and 5 ones,  she exclaimed yes and didn't and also gave me the wrong change.  She argued then saw I was right and didn't apologize.  Service was terribly slow,  not worth it to go back even with a groupon.   It's really not worth, very disappointed doubt the waitress turned in my bad review. Oh well, live and learn.  Btw, freezing cold in there, horrible of your being over being sick or good if looking to get sick.
3	I passed by Rambo's Kitchen countless times the past few years and on the way to IHOP Sunday morning with my mother and husband, my hubby suggested that we give Rambo's Kitchen a shot.  Located on S. Fort Apache in Las Vegas, this was a great down-the-street 60's diner find.  The place gets packed for lunch and dinner, but breakfast was no exception.  Fortunately, we arrived before the crowds arrived and were attended to right away.The tables are decorated with photos of icons and postcards from the 60's. along with trivia books on the tables.  The kitchen is very small and there are a few tables inside.  It's really lively with lots of memorabilia inside and 60's music playing overhead.  The menu is fairly large for a place of this size, but we found a few items to try.The mini donuts are fluffy and have just the right sweetness. Who doesn't love fluffy fried dough covered in sugar?  For $2 you cannot beat getting a basket of them to start.  Their waffle is soft but has great flavor, as does their french toast that is cooked coated in a waffle or pancake batter.  My mother remembers french toast being done this way in the 60's and has not seen it since then.  She loved it.  All the other options we received, from scrambled eggs to their delicious sausage links, were tasty.  My husband got creative and ordered a cheeseburger with a side of hashbrowns and an egg, which he placed in the burger to make a breakfast burger of his own.  The servers will modify anything for you, including french toast, which my mother opted for regular bread instead of their raspberry swirl bread.  They have sugar free syrup and all sorts of options for your meal needs (egg whites only, spicy sausage, etc.).The only negative would be the cleanliness of the ceiling items, as there was dust gently falling from the light fixtures overhead, and the fixture chain, which was coated in dust.  The same went for their ceiling fan blades and their air ducts, including the one over the kitchen, which was a dark, dark grey color from not being cleaned.  The cook also used a microwave, which I found to be slightly alarming (he used it for the meats and some eggs).Although good food and the fact that I would love to eat here again, I'm hesitant to do so for the next few months until the cleaning is done and that microwave is tossed into the pits of hell.  I cautiously suggest that you give this place a try.
4	I finally checked out this place. It's one of those cool hole in the wall places you find scattered around Vegas. I tried the chicken blt with avocado and found it to be pretty good. I got take out but eating in would be fun because it has a neat decor and there are games to play while waiting on your order. My one complaint is that the food is slightly on the expensive side. Still , I will probably return to try breakfast sometime.
4	I come here about once a week and I love it - the vibe, the food, the servers, the decorations, the music, everything. Its easy to pick up on that the owners really did put their heart and soul into the making of this place. For pretty much every meal, they have something for you. The following are my recommendations based on taste and price: Breakfast ~Pick 3 Deal is only $4.99 (if you get there before 11am)  and you can choose from eggs, toast, bacon, sausage, or pancakes. All are delicious, especially for the price. Lunch ~Pick 2 deal is around $8. Using Panera Bread as a comparison, its better. Much better for around the same price. The chicken salad sandwich and clam chowder (white) are my favorites, the clam chowder being the 2nd best I've ever had (the first being at "Dan's Clam Stand" in Gainesville, FL)Dinner ~The spaghetti is $8.99 and is available for AYCE on Sundays and Mondays. They use a heartier sauce, which I am typically not fond of, but this stuff is amazing. Growing up in an Italian family, its difficult to find pasta dishes that beat the ones that my grandma used to make, but Rambo's spaghetti sauce is a very, very close second. And, to me, that's saying something. For desert, you cannot go wrong with the mini doughnuts for the price. Absolutely delectable and very reasonably priced. Even though the food is good, the service (for me) has been unprecedented. At the end of their meal, they give you a card to fill out that lets you give suggestions and rate everything about the place - its very obvious they care about their customers. As for the people that are saying they have had bad experiences, I have been coming here roughly once a week since August and have not had a single bad experience.
4	For a while I have wanted to try Rambo's out, as it is very near my house. Well, I finally stopped in and was not disappointed. My Sis-in Law said the Zucchini Sticks are a must try as they are freshly cut [whole zucchini] sticks, hand battered and prepared to order, I could not resist any longer. I ordered them to go and they were delish and so fresh, not too many places have homemade zucchini anymore let alone good ones! Atmosphere is cute, cozy and well just groovy! Staff was very friendly and after learning it was my first visit the waitress recommended some items she personally loves for my next visit...I will definitely be a repeat customer and glad such a great place is so close to home, Las Vegas needs more places like this.
4	came here for brunch after getting a groupon. I love the theme they have going on. the service was good. we were greeted and seated right away. ordered the monte cristo which was crunchy and cheesy but sweet. yumm. their bacon clam chowder was pretty good too. definitely will be back!
3	I had an extended bike ride this Sunday morning, so I decided to add breakfast into my morning ride.  I've been in the plaza several times when I was picking up Thai food nearby, but I never never stopped here.  Sunday, they open a 8 and I was there at 8:10.  A little warmer and I could have eaten outside, but it is December!Misty was my server and she was a gem!  Very pleasant smile, lots of helpful information, lots of coffee refills.  I ordered the Red Rock Bene which the menu describes as layers of Focaccia bread, bacon, fresh spinach, poached eggs, and homemade Hollandaise.  It's not "layers" of Focaccia.  Rather, there are two very large cuts of Focaccia each about two and a half to three inches tall.  I'm guessing those are the cliffs at Red Rock.  The rest was the standard Benedict except for the bacon.  The breakfast comes with choice of home fries or breakfast potatoes and if you get breakfast potatoes, you can get them plain or with fried onion and peppers.  There's a small charge for the onions and peppers, something I didn't see on the menu.The Bene was OK.  There's simply too much bread. I ate one slab and halfway through that, I moved the other poached egg and spinach onto the half eaten cliff.  The breakfast potatoes were seasoned well and the onion and peppers were very good.  Worth the up charge.  Other than too much bread, my one complaint would be that the eggs were poached too long.  They were not runny when pierced but were semi hard yolks.  Note:  Saturday and Sunday are the only days they sell the two kinds of Benedicts.I really liked the inside.  The 60s, tie dyed things, peace symbols, and the music being played that I grew up with made for humming along with the sound track.  It was OK.  There was only one couple besides me in the place and they were at the other end so no one needed to go running out!The sign of Lucille Ball and Vitametavegamin sealed the deal for me.  A place that would have this sign is A-OK in my book!  Check out Elvis.  He's in the bathroom.
3	Let me start off by saying that this place is out of this world when it comes to the decor, and the service hands down some of the best service I've had in some time. Misty(our server) was amazing. The decor is eye catching, it is easy waiting for your food when there is so much to look at. Now to the food... I Felt that the food left me wanting more, i ordered the fish taco plate and it was disappointing. The fish was lacking the crunch and the garnish was overwhelming so much that after i scraped 80% off there was still a small salad on my plate. After i was finished the owner came over and asked  how my meal was. I gave her my thoughts on what I ordered and she asked how it could be fixed. That was refreshing to see that she cared that much. My girlfriend had ordered a custom burger, it was fantastic presentation and it tasted good as well. Over all it received  3 stars for now, the service can be amazing and the atmosphere too, but in the long run a restaurant is known for its food.
4	The chicken fried steak and the ckam chowder are awesome wr found the servers to sweet and personable
5	My New Years resolution was to try different things. I always order the same thing at our favorite restaurants and we seem to frequent the same 10 restaurants over and over I had heard about Rambos and decided today was the day!  The service was amazing, Misty, our server was attentive, explained everything in detail and checked on us countless times.  The food was so good and fresh.  It took a while to get our food but we walked in as the doors opened and we weren't the only ones that walked in at the same time.Only complaint is the coffee was so weak, it was colored water. The table next to us ordered lunch items and it looked so good my husband is already talking about going back to try them.
5	Wow. The menu is huge, it was just like being time traveled back into the 60's. All the wonderful things you can imagine and thick shakes too. The folks a real pleasant and the locations is out of the way so there's no parking Hassel.
1	**IF YOU ARE THE OWNER OF RAMBO'S KITCHEN PLEASE READ THIS!!!I'd like to say I actually went to Rambo's and had a chance to eat their food, but I've been TURNED AWAY every single time I come in!On the website, it claims they are open until 11pm on the weekends and 10pm on the weekdays. So one Saturday I showed up at 10pm, and the door was UNLOCKED and  I walk in to order and the waitress and the cook look at each other, and they both tell me they are closed. I asked her why her OPEN sign and door were still unlocked and on and she said it was a mistake. I told her that the website says you're open until 11, and she says that's a mistake too. Fine. I left.Last night, I CALLED the store in the afternoon to verify that they close at 10pm, and the person who answered the phone said yes, but please be here by 8:45pm at least because we STOP SEATING AT 9pm. Fine.I show up at 8:45pm on the DOT, and the waitress runs over to the OPEN sign, turns it off. I walk in, DOOR UNLOCKED AGAIN, and she tells me they are CLOSED and we can only order to go food. WHAT THE HECK! I told her her website hours say they are open until 10, and that I was guaranteed to be able to dine in if I was there by 8:45pm. She just shrugged.Terrible customer service, clearly these people are not interested in making money and just want to get home early. Please make sure your hours on your WEBSITE are CORRECT. Very annoying to make multiple trips only to be lied to and turned away.
4	One of our go to neighborhood spots....Misty is a superstar server who always makes sure you are taken care of...the food is plentiful and delicious.  Sometimes you have to wait a bit as there seems to be miscommunication between the servers and chefs from time to time.  Homemade chips are enormous!
3	Staff is very nice....inside is cute with games and trivia....food was ok.We will come back for family nights
5	We had just moved into the area and saw a groupon for this place so decided to give it a try for breakfast and were blown away. The service is outstanding, the food is awesome and looks and tastes like you made it in your own kitchen with fresh ingredients, and the prices are great too. We liked it so much we went back the same week for lunch too and it was great. The portions are massive, can't wait to go back and try dinner and complete the trifecta. Highly recommend groupon or no groupon you will have a great meal at a great price.
5	First time here and came here on the fly. Never heard Of the place they have Great food had the turkey avacado and it was Delish!!! Will be coming back very soon.
2	What a shit storm this evening, where to start?I honestly had such a crappy experience this evening it was really difficult to focus on the pros and not be overwhelmed with the cons.  So here they are:1.  There were only two waitresses, one of which was training and very new.  The owner was back in the kitchen.2.  We came specifically for one item, the blackened chicken alfredo.  They ran out of cream!  The last time we came back here (6 months ago) we came specifically for this dish and they ran out of cream last time...is there a stocking issue in the kitchen.3.  Within a 45 minute time period of us waiting for our food, two large parties simply got up, refused to pay, and left...there were only a total of 4 parties in the diner to include us so there shouldn't have been a reason the food took so long.  4.  The kitchen was staffed by assumably the owner and her 2 assistants, whom had serious language barriers and communicated using physical gestures (hand signals and nods).  The waitresses couldn't effectively communicate with them so I find it ease to believe why the kitchen was so slow.  5.  The onion rings were burnt and didn't even closely resemble what their onion rings looked like a few months ago; apparently before the owner went and hired her new crew.  To be exact, the batter wasn't dense and crispy, there didn't even seem to resemble a batter.  6.  The parties that walked out were very harsh and rude to the waitresses, which should have been handled by the owner.  We had to witness the two ladies almost break down in tears.  I think leadership should have came out and made things better; the customers would have probably sat back down and enjoyed their meals.In general, this evening was just a unorganized chaos.-My Reuben was actually really big and delicious, so were the hand breaded chicken fingers (they gave us a few extra for waiting, which was generous), probably the best I've ever had actually.  So, I have to give them a +2 for the main courses.  Love the staff ladies and the games.
5	I love this place!! Unique vibe and dishes... Great music, staff and reasonable prices!
5	Rambo's Kitchen is a hidden gem!  This place is so cute inside and the service is great.  The food is all homemade and everything we have tried is delicious.  The coffee is the best I've had at this type of establishment.  The breakfast burrito and mini-donuts {freshly made} are my favs!
4	Items Selected:Six Cinnamon Sugar DonutsMonte Cristo - Raspberry White Chocolate Brioche, Battered and Fried, Ham, Turkey, SwissBiscuit with HoneyBrownieBilled as a "1960's Diner" but far kitschier than that simple designation in both concept and execution, Rambo's Kitchen is a place I'd been meaning to visit for a while but given its location one that required an added impetus, something found in a Saturday errand after a much earlier meal on the strip with friends.  Open at 8am and myself the first to arrive just as the doors were unlocked it was to a bright room of psychedelic colors and paraphernalia that I was welcomed by a young woman named Misty and invited to sit anywhere I opted for a two-top with mismatched chairs at the room's center - the open kitchen to my left, a window to my right, Jimi Hendrix IN the table plus a deck of 'Go-Fish' and an enormous menu on it - the latter quickly navigated to the tune of an appetizer and a main plus a side with each scratch-made item prepped to order as I sat listening to The Beatles. Monkeys, and Dylan.  Beginning first with a half-dozen hot donuts dredged in cinnamon sugar for a mere two dollars as I watched the staff of one seat and serve four more tables (whilst also brewing two pots of coffee) it was after perhaps twenty-five minutes that the object prompting my visit arrived and as if to say "good things come to those who wait" the golden crisp Monte Cristo was a beauty; light cocoa tones and house-made strawberry preserves taking thinly sliced ham, turkey, and particularly sharp Swiss to a whole new level with each crunchy/creamy bite.  Setting aside a thin and boring biscuit improved somewhat by honey, my request with the sandwich in place of four styles of potatoes, and moving right on to dessert it was admittedly a great showing of restraint that prevented me from ordering the "PB+B for two" but with lemon cake and "awesome" brownies as the alternatives my choice became simple - the nearly 1/3 pound chocolate-on-chocolate wedge so moist it seemed only semi-solid and so rich that even half the $3 serving would suffice many brownie lovers...so long as the other half is enjoyed with an iced double espresso a few hours later.
4	The service at this place was impeccable. Our waitress knew what she was talking about and made us (my boyfriend and I) feel right at home. They have games like UNO and Old Maid on the tables for you to play while waiting and have other games, and coloring books, at the entrance. I thought that was so fun but definitely wanted to wash my hands before eating, which you should anyway ;]My boyfriend ordered the Monte Cristo and felt like it was just a little TOO sweet and heavily battered. It looked delicious though.I ordered the Veggie Special because they said that they no longer carry the Woodstack! Everyone had given it amazing reviews so I was pretty sad but I was actually blown away by the Veggie Special. I just chose American cheese and it was heavennnnnn. So cheesy and filled with peppers and mushrooms and onions that were perfectly cooked.I will try their PB&J next time, for sure. The only negatives that I could report on this place is the fact that their website makes me feel like I'm going to have a seizure and the restauraunt is somewhat small. If it got busy, it might start to get cramped. I wouldn't mind though, with how amazing their food and service was.
3	This is the first time my roommate and I have been here. The concept of the restaurant looked really cool. Its a 60s themed diner. I was excited about the $10 for $20 on groupon.  We got seated first thing when we arrived. Server came and got us our drinks and took our order. I raised the star to 3 stars only because the food was so amazing. The Rambos burrito was delicious and so was the chicken fried steak but the wait time was so incredibly long. I checked into four square right after we ordered our food and it took 46 minutes to come out. Waitresses were doing their best and working together which was nice to see. Just think they need more cooks maybe? Try harder to multitask? Great filling meal for breakfast but just make sure you have time to wait. I'm sure we will give it another try one of these days.
2	Not impressed. The service was very intermittent. Was not told upfront that they were out of certain ingredients.No pulled pork, no chili and after placing an order for breaded chicken was later told they were out of that too. No utensils were brought to the table, waitress was M.I.A. Nearly the entire time.
3	I will start off with the service. The service was nice. Very social and informative.I came in for a pick up order. I waited about 5 minutes when I came in but that's alright; the servers kept me company. Food came out and everything, so I headed straight home to eat.This is why I only gave them 3 stars. The food was alright, but after finishing 3/4 of my food, I find a hair in my food! Not some ordinary hair, but a black, thick strand that was about 8 inches wide. Everything else was alright, however I'm scared to find a strand of hair deep inside my food again.
4	I would say I'm a regular now. I'm a fan of diners so that's why I checked it out at first. Decor is cool, 60s theme. Service is pretty good for the most part. The food is very good as well. Also, the portions are huge! The appetizers might as well be entrees haha, I love it! Can't be 5 stars though, because they always seem to be out of something, and it took a minute for them to have fish. Other than that, the place is great!
1	I have never eaten at Rambo's and after watching both servers petting a customers dog out at the patio seating area and then go back to work without washing there hands I never will.
5	Tammy and Shelly are super sweet servers!theyre my favorite, I have usually done pick up orders in the past since I work near by, I dined in only once after work with coworkers. The steak fries are my favorite and their burgers are simple and taste homemade which is why I like them so much. I don't really eat this type of food but it's perfect for a delicious cheat meal splurge. If I'm gonna be bad it's gonna be with something this good!!
5	So maybe Rambo's Kitchen didn't open to nationally televised fanfare, but someone is obviously reading my reviews because that's all about to change.Coming up this June they will be airing an episode of Jon Taffer's new show "Hungry Investors" featuring my favorite neighborhood diner - Rambo's Kitchen (its actually in my neighborhood).If I really think about it, I should be disappointed. I get the feeling that once the show airs, my quaint little neighborhood diner is going to become a little harder to get in to.Don't get me wrong, I am happy for Misty and the crew, and I hope the national spotlight proves to be a windfall for them all - but I will miss all the special attention they give this humble patron. I hope they remember this little guy when they hit it big. :)By the way, for those of you who thought this place couldn't get much better, they just changed their awesome homemade potato chips and now they are 'even more awesome' - thinner and crispier than before, but still as delicious as ever.And the chips aren't the only things getting better, time has certainly helped improve their skills in the kitchen, as just about everything is tasting better every time I order it.For those East-Siders who don't get around to our side of town very often, this is one place I promise is worth the drive. Pretty soon, there will be all kinds of people driving a whole long way to dine at Rambo's Kitchen.My suggestion, get here before the rush.
5	My gf and I really liked this place, people were nice and friendly. The food was very good, I had a pulled pork sandwich and my girl friend had the club sandwich they were good but the french fries were awesome!  We will definitely come back some more.
4	This is the epitome of cute restaurants. I love the atmosphere in this place and the food is great. We have actually been twice recently so I will give you the run down on both experiences. The first time the food was very good but the service was a little slow. I later found out the reason it was slow was because they were working off a new menu for the first night and had been taping  a reality show in the restaurant that weekend and things were a little discombobulated. So I understood that and we decided to try it again. Both times the kids had great food and so did my wife. I had their Cheesy Cheese Burger, which is stuffed with cheese and sports cheese in the burger. It was ridiculously good and large. Actually only ate half and then took the other half for lunch at work the next day. The staff has always been friendly, especially Ashley who was there both times we went. She was very friendly to our kids and helped make the experience even better. The only reason they dod not get five stars is the pricing. For the burger the pricing is good, you really get what you pay for, but for other dishes it seems you pay a lot for what you are getting. The food quality is really good and so is the service, so we will be back. But, if you expect this self proclaimed "60's Style Diner" to be a cheap place to grab a bite think again. It is important to mention that they do have specials though out the week that seem to make the pricing much better, but they have no specials on Sunday when we usually go.
4	I stopped in to Rambo's on a whim on Saturday April 5 since I was in the area and there were some good reviews from people I know on Yelp.  I'm glad I did.  I was talked into the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich by my server and she assured me the pork was fresh and never frozen.  I have to tell you, I believe her; this was one damn tasty sandwich.  Instead of the included french fries or some other fried dish that has escaped my memory I chose a house salad which was fresh and came in a classic wooden bowl like I used to have has a kid.  The Italian dressing was decent but nothing to write home about.Service was very attentive from the tag team duo of Tammy and Misty.  I was checked on in a consistent and friendly manner and they kept the 60/40 split Arnold Palmers flowing.  That's all I ask.The ambiance inside was interesting; I'm not sure what the theme was supposed to be but to be honest I didn't give it much thought or attention since I was sitting outside on the patio.  If I'm ever in the area again I will definitely stop back in for another meal.p.s. If Misty tells you some of her famous home-made peanut butter brownie squares are available, take her up on the offer; that brownie was delicious even though I waited until the next day to eat it.
5	I love love love their little donut holes!!! Each time we have a carving we give them a call, minutes later they're hot and ready for us!!
1	Perhaps the WORST restaurant I've ever been to!! It took 1 hour and freaking 30 minutes just to get our food ready!! Never ever again!!!
5	What a great place. My friends and I stopped in after checking out their Facebook page and seeing a deal of 20 cent shakes n burgers if u bring in the picture on your phone. Everything was awesome, I had the fish n chips, my friends had the burgers and shakes. Food perfect, service perfect. I give em 5 stars
1	On my last visit here, they took bad service to a whole new level. We were there a half hour before being acknowledged at our table. After ordering, we didnt get drinks for 15 mins and our food took 45 minutes!There was a server running around like a chicken without a head, nervously mentioning how she was new there. Each time we had to encounter her we wanted to ask her where the fire was. When we inquired about our food she went to check and reported back to us in such a somber, nervous way that we thought she was going to break the news that our dog died or something. Dramatic, much? Hold it together, this isn't life or death.The check was wrong on so many levels. They charged me for meat with my eggs, which I didn't get, and for a side of fruit (which could have replaced the meat), and extra for egg whites. My friend was charged for fruit, even though she plainly asked if she could sub potatoes for fruit. They accidentally brought her both, and charged her for both...It took so long to get our credit cards back that we thought we could sooner leave, cancel the damn cards, and get replacements in the mail before they'd return. After all of this, the food was just not good enough to get me back there. Ever. This place is a circus, and a poorly staged one at that.
2	We live right around the corner from Rambo's and love walking over with the kids for breakfast or lunch.  Seeing the Facebook post about Rambo's being in danger of closing, we went over for breakfast to show our support.  Unfortunately, today we had our first disappointing experience.  With the weather being so beautiful,we asked to sit outside.  They were going to clean up one of the tables for us.  We waited for 10 minutes and got impatient so we cleaned off the table ourselves.  We waited an additional 5 for someone to take our drink order.  Our waitress was very kind and apologized for the wait.  She came back with drinks and said she would put our order in right away.  We waited, and waited, and waited.  We saw some people who had parked right near our table arrive, eat, and leave, all before we got our food.  At this point, I went inside and told someone that we had been there an hour and were wondering how much longer it would be for our food.  The waitress finally brought out our food very apologetically and the man who I had spoken to, came out and told me, in a rather demeaning way, "I checked the ticket, it was only 30 minutes, not an hour," and also questioned why I had not complained earlier.  I didn't quite know what to say.  I had only said we had been there an hour - I do not know when our order had been put in.  We have always had such positive experiences at Rambo's, we were truly saddened by the service we received today, especially when we tried to go to show our support.  I was hoping to come home and write a much more positive review hoping every little  bit would help during a tough time for them.  Sadly, I couldn't - I am giving them some stars because they had been so great in  the past, but not sure if we will return.
1	Had to leave!!! To sit inside the wait was over 40 min.... Went outside and the umbrella flew away!!!! Waited and waited for a waiter and nothing!!!;
5	My wife and I love going here for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The 60's decore is playful and fun, and the food is very good. Everything appears to be homemade, especially the desserts. Their chicken fried steak and gravy is fantastic, and the monte cristo sandwich is awesome. Also love the homemade brownies!
5	Fun atmosphere, Great customer service and food is wonderful!  I recomment for anyone.  They do offers on groupon so watch for that and utilize.
5	My family and I have been coming to Rambo's for about 4 yrs now. We love it! It is hard to find a nice little family owned neighborhood Restaraunt anymore! Rambos has great food and atmosphere. Love the Cheesy Cheeseburger!
5	I signed up for yelp just to post this review. This place is like going to your cool aunts house when you were a kid but with better food. Fun cool place with good food and great atmosphere. If you do not like this place there is something very wrong with you. Don't forget to order the doughnuts.
4	I found this place on Yelp when my husband and I were in the area for his job. I'm a total sucker for anything vintage so this place seemed right up my alley.As for the staff and the service I would give a total 5 stars for that. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. She showed us the specials and never let our drinks get empty. I also would give the decor a 5 star. It's filled with old record albums from the 60's and posters from that era as well. If you visit the restroom don't let Elvis scare you! They also have a ton of board and card games you can play while you wait. How could you not like that?Now the food. I ordered a turkey and avocado sandwich that came on a buttery croissant. On the side I had their fresh made potato chips and coleslaw. I really liked the coleslaw! I'm very picky when it comes to this dish, but their version was yummy! (And was made with mayo! Yay!) I just wish I got a slightly bigger serving then a little tiny to go cup. The chips were huge, crisp and very tasty. The sandwich was good to, but just average. My husband ordered the "Rambo" Burger. It had a combo of chesses, bbq pulled pork and an onion ring. Which sounded delicious, but lacked flavor. I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I'm going to have to go with a 4. The staff, service and decor are amazing, but I just was not that impressed with the food. I'm totally willing to go back and try it again. Hopefully I can update this review and give them the 5 stars I really hoped I could give them. Keep on going Rambo's Kitchen!
4	Had a great time w/ my little fam of 3. We played puzzles & did 80's trivia (provided by Rambo's!) while munching on homemade chips- dangerously yummy BTW, homemade & made with care.Had the Pastrami Rueben with provolone (instead of Swiss). Really good! Have had their pork chop dinner and some other dinner stuff entrees before, & really weren't impressed. But, have always loved their breakfast. Can't go wrong with those donuts! Almost had them for dinner....I mean tomorrow {is} Mother's Day. We'll have to go back for donuts another day; went for the chip instead & was happy about it!Cons: Kids corn dog was too crispy, verging on burnt. Bread was too burnt w/ the spaghetti. Just have the chips, skip fries. My +1 didn't love the spaghetti/meat sauce at all. I tasted- It's exactly what you think of spaghetti/sauce in a diner type atmosphere. Pros: Service! Service! Service! Fast refills. Owner checked on us after food arrived.  Servers helped each other for the sake of the customer. Our server was good, comfortable & had a smile. Any problem we had was fixed so fast, it wasn't really a problem at all, so I haven't mentioned it here. That's good service!!!You know what, though, we have fun here (with our puzzle-loving 3.5 year old) & just the two of us playing trivia! As long as food is ok & service is great, we will always stop by!
5	My hubby took on the Mother's day special steak and mashed potatoes with grilled vegies and a choice of meatball soup or salad. I had the mother's day special salmon with spicy black bean sauce and white rice, also comes with a choice of soup or salad. The specials run for $18 bucks each. Love the 70's ambience! Love my waitress Misty! A very loquacious yet informative happy young lady who caters to your every need. You've gained a loyal customer out of this family!
4	I work in the same complex and I used to go here all the time for lunch and breakfast . They don't really have anything healthy on the menu so I stopped going when I changed my diet to eat healthier but I still go every now and again when I feel like splurgingThey have great good and many choices for potatoes. I love their breakfast potatoes. My coworker loves their homemade potato chips. They are very generous with seasoning which is not so common these days with so many food allergies. Their prices are kinda high considering the menu items they offer. When I get a grilled cheese and fries and no drink, it comes out to $10. I can accept $7 for that type of meal but $10 is pushing it. Up until recently, I never had any problems with my order, always right and always hot and always delicious. However the past 3 times I went, they got my order wrong every time and it was the same waitress. She's friendly but her attentiveness is not the best. If I knew her name, I would tell you but I do not. The first time I had her as a waitress, I went on my lunch break with a friend and told her straight away that I only have an hour for lunch. She brought the food soon enough but she took forever to bring the check, I had to ask her to bring it. After she finally brought it, she proceeded to take 15 minutes to come get my payment. I might have understood if they were busy but it the lunch rush was ending when I got there. There is definitely something to be said for the atmosphere. It's a 60s diner so there's pictures and peace signs everywhere. They also have games! Yazee, Uno, trivia games, 8 ball, puzzles and many more. Its fun and fascinating.
5	I love this place! It is unique and reminds me of places back home!!! The food is good and has a great vibe. I have eaten here several times and it doesn't matter what I order, I have never been disappointed. The staff is great too! If you haven't been there you should try it!
5	This trip was almost better than the last! :] I had called ahead to ask when they close and ask if they had outside seating so we could bring our dog. The waitress was so friendly and said that we could definitely bring our dog! (We had been at work 10 hours that day and didn't want to leave her alone more than she had already been)Once we get there, we were sat at a table outside that had a doggie bowl filled with water and ice. That was amazing to me! Such a small thing can make a huge difference in a dining experience. I got the same thing I had last time, the veggie sandwich, and my boyfriend got the blackened chicken fettuccine. Our awesome waitress said that she had had it earlier today and warned it was a little spicy. That's better than bland!We got fried zucchini spears for an appetizer and there were enough there for a whole meal! Maybe 8 giant spears of deep-fried heaven. We ended up taking 4 home.Our food came out shortly after the meal and it was delicious, as expected. My shoestring fries were a little over seasoned but I didn't mind much. My boyfriend loved his fettuccine and his garlic bread was so good! I wanted to get mini donuts for desert but I was already stuffed from dinner! I just wish this place was closer, we would be going all of the time!
5	Every time I go to Rambos it's an amazing experience. The good is great. The people are great. Couldn't ask for anything else
4	I loved my experience here! The food here was absolutely amazing and the service was outstanding! I felt comfortable once I walked into the door.Their French fries and chips are all handmade with REAL potatoes that they cut themselves and they taste amazing. The portion size is great, as well as the price. They don't charge you $9-$12 just for you to be hungry again 30 minutes-an hour later. There are also cute games in the store to keep you entertained. They were kinda torn up and should invest in newer ones, but some were in decent condition to keep you entertained while your foods on its way.The place is just great in general and the food is great! Definitely recommend!
3	Sorta conflicted feelings on Rambo here.A lot of love went into theme-ing this place out in a 60's vibe. The music is great and the service is nice and friendly. The food is so-so and the menu pricing doesn't match the menu pricing on their website...about everything is $1 more on the menu in hand.I think the oil in the fryer was due for a change as I was at the table furthest from the fryer and I was coughing a bit on old oil fumes.The fresh cut potato chips could be cut a bit thinner. The cheesy cheese burger didn't knock my socks off, but my girlfriend enjoyed her blue cheese burger. I like a toasted bun but the top bun was a little singed and it made the whole burger taste a bit dry.I came with a groupon which made it bearable but had I paid over $30 for 2 burgers and chips after tax and tip, I'd have thought I was ripped off...a ton of these bar and grills around town put together a really good burger and fry meal for under $10 that's better than the one I ate tonight. In a town of buy one get one's and all you can eat everything everywhere, I'd have to think twice about returning to Rambo's thinking it's a place to get your money's worth.
5	I can't understand the low overall star rating! Here is my experience:Atmosphere: ok full disclaimer I am a sucker for anything and everything 60's. I love the music, the tv shows, everything. That said I LOVE the atmosphere- everything is retro. You feel like you take a step back in time walking in here.Food: can you say delicious?? I got the Rambo burger with homestyle fries... It is my new favorite burger. It is delicious! I took half home and was stuffed eating only half.Service: we had Misty and she took great care of us and we will definitely be back to see her soon!End of review thoughts: head over there NOW!
1	Wait time to receive the food here is about 30-50 mins, it's sucks because when the food comes out it's really good but I can't stand when servers & cooks just dick around here & can't get the food out In time. Only reason I came here cuz I found this place on GROUPON. Otherwise it's def not worth the time/food here. Will not be recommending & come here again. This also happened to be my 2nd visit & will be my last.
5	Great food and fun atmosphere! Great place to get together with friends and family. I love the cheesy cheese burger and mini donuts. Excellent service!
5	I love coming to Rambos kitchen! They have great little toys and books on the table for kids to play with. It's always an amazing atmosphere with 60's memorabilia on the walls. Also if you wear tie dye you get 10% offI usually get the Monte Cristo, however, I'd like to try many different things. I love the Rambos burger, but she's a cheeseburger, and the barbecue meatloaf dinner. Everybody's always very nice and the owners added me on Facebook and added me on their "Rambos specials" page. Overall it's always a great experience here rainbows I would suggest it to anybody. They're always trying to get the word out there and more people to come in. I think if it were on the strip, it would make so much more money.
2	I like the concept of Rambo's kitchen. Old school '60s diner with retro ambiance and bright colors. I love things that are loud and that stand out. Now the lack of execution with the food is why I give this a 2 star rating. The food doesn't stand out as much as the decor does. I've ordered many items from their menu and all have not left me wanting more. I've come to know of this place through my co-worker. Our doctor likes to order the fish and chips from here so we  do  order lunch here once in a while. Last time I ate here I had ordered a Philly Cheese Steak, but unfortunately they decided to stop serving philly steak. They let me know I can have a chicken cheese steak instead. Ehhh.. I opt for it. Chicken was dry, bread was on the hard side, and fries wasn't crispy enough. I do love their ranch though. I can drink it like water. LOL.Their menu is kind of cluttered. There is too much going on. I don't know where to look first. I honestly would not eat here on my own pocket, but if the doctor wants Rambo's for lunch well I guess I have no choice. Any other day you probably won't see me here.
5	Third update's the charm! My boyfriend and I came here again as we realized how close this place is to Wet N Wild! We wanted some substantial food that we knew we would like and this was the place the go.We started off with an order of the fried pickles with all three dipping sauces. Sooo good for someone that likes pickles! If you don't like pickles, 1. you are a terrible person 2. don't get these.Just kidding! But seriously, don't get the pickle chips unless you like pickles.I ordered my normal veggie special but got rye bread because they were out of sourdough and substituted all American cheese for the swiss and provolone that it comes with. I was in heaven. I wish that the red peppers were cooked a little more but it was still delicious!My boyfriend ordered the Peanut Butter Bacon Burger. He said it was a little overdone for a medium but the flavor was on point. It looked heavenly.Overall, great service like usual and amazing flavor! Love them!
5	Rambos Kitchen is our spot when we want a home cooked style meal with friendly and laid back service! It's decorated in 60's style decor and they have plenty of table games to keep you busy. The menu is diner style with endless options. The food is cooked to order, always fresh and large portioned. My favorite is the meatloaf sandwich with their homemade chips or the peanut butter burger! The mini donuts are mouthwatering too! The owner and the waitresses are always amazing and Misty is such a doll. They usually have a Groupon or an Amazon Deal so what more can you ask for!
4	If you like cheeseburgers do yourself a favor and come in and try the cheesy cheeseburger they have there, it's great. Not going to lie, this would be a delicious way to cure a hangover as well
5	Holy Cow we had the Rambo Burger and the BLT and can't wait to come back to the sixties again!
5	We went with a group of people. In total we were 16 people, and the food and waitress were amazing. I recommend it!. The waitress name is Jess.
5	Good food and really nice people. Having the club sandwich.
5	I've been here four times and have never been disappointed by the food or the service.  Both are exceptional.  The good is made fresh on premises and tastes like love was mixed in. The ambiance is fun and the servers are friendly and attentive.  Stop by; you'll love it.
5	This place is awesome. Came here because I wanted to get my pup out of the house and I was hungry... They welcomed us both!!! It's hard to find good dog friendly spots around town, but this is my new favorite! I met the owner Robert and he actually took time out of his day to sit and talk to us, which I love because owners never do that. He was the nicest guy and filled me in on Rambos history! Tammy our waitress, was on it! She was super friendly and extremely sweet! I will definitely come back more!
5	I've been a regular at Rambo's for over two years. I grew up in the 60's so I love the 60's atmosphere and the 60's music. Though not a large cafe, it's filled to bursting with 60's memorabilia. I spot something new every time I come in. The owners, Kelly and Robert, are often on-site and are very friendly and attentive. As are the waitresses who check up on you frequently. The menu has lots of variety, from breakfast food(served all day) to hamburgers and hot dogs to spaghetti, pork chops, meatloaf, fish and chips. Las Vegas Weekly placed them in the top 13 restaurants for their hot dogs. Their Rambo dog is topped with pulled pork and onion rings and all their dogs are large and tasty and served on a toasted bun. I love their mushroom soup and if I time it right, they will have Strawberry Cake for dessert!
5	I am on vacation here from Texas, and a friend of mine that lives here in Vegas told me about this little joint. It was a bit of a drive from the strip for me but when it comes down to it, it was WELL worth it... Soon as we  walked in we were  greeted by a little blonde. She was chipper and welcomed us with a smile. After hearing about 3 of her reccommendations, we went with a starter of fried pickles..... YUM!!! fun to eat and so delicious. They did have a great special of all you can eat pasta, but we opted for 3 dinner entrees instead. All 3 dinners were spot on. Served hot and full of flavor. The three of us ate every bite. Not a crumb left on the plate. I was dissappointed that we had no room for homeade donuts the waitress insisited we try. But I promised her if I could find a ride back here this week, I will definatley order the homeade desserts. In a nutshell from the moment we stepped into this diner to the minute we stepped out, we felt taken care of and  pleasently pleased with our full bellies. Thanks Rambo's. Hope to see you in Texas one day.
1	I honestly used to love this place! However the last few times I've ordered to go from there it's as if they just threw all the good together quickly with no care. My cheeseburger was squished and sloppy, the fries were over cooked. My daughters chicken strips were so dry, even with dipping sauce! I won't be coming back!
4	Pleasant surprise on the southwest side of town. Small, intimate setting with options to play games while you wait. The portions are fulfilling...I had the turkey avacado and it was amazing. We were super full from our meal but still ordered mini donuts to go....well worth it when re-heated inthe microwave at home!
5	The food is cooked to order. Ive eaten here 4 times know and its great time.  I bring my clients here for a different experience from the normal square restaurant.  Try it out its worth the time.
5	We LOVE this place! Been here three times in the last two weeks! Great food and AMAZING service! My son and I love coming here to eat and play board games. It's our new favorite hang out spot!
4	I do really like this place. Cool look inside obviously, with games and books on the tables. I love how big the menu is! I'm a picky eater but there's still so much to choose from! Love the open faced turkey sandwich. Yummy yummy. And their home made chips are to die for.. Sometimes service can be a bit slow, but I understand it does happen. Plus they make up for it by being incredibly nice. You keep doing you Rambo
2	I've been here more than a few times, but it seems like every visit I get more and more disappointed. First off, this place is small so why our food took almost an hour, I have no idea. I get the usual egg salad sandwich on sourdough with a side of fries and coleslaw. Each time it's been a hit or miss. I really enjoy the atmosphere here but I don't think I'll be returning.
5	Excellent service and food is awesome! Worth coming in for Monday night spaghetti!  The BLT was also the best I ever had!
2	Food was good for the most part besides the onion rings that were cooked way too much. Service on the other hand was a joke. The 3 waitress' in there we're complete air heads. We'd ask for something & every single one of them forgot & turned around to do something else. There was one other table in there mind you. Our waitress didn't even know what I was talking about "free doughnuts" for checking in. SmhThe owners were in there & weren't friendly whatsoever.We drove all the way from boulder city & we will NOT be back.$73 for 5 burgers(not including tip) & 3 of us didn't even get a soft drink.Not impressed whatsoever. If you've seen the show & want to try it, I wouldn't if I was you!
4	Yum. Homemade food. Decent portion size. Worth the wait...especially since they provide games and trivia for big kids and coloring books, crayons and other games for little kids! 60's theme throughout - decor, music and tv. Definitely going to return!
5	This is an all-time favorite for our family. The food is fantastic! Reasonably priced. Staff always treats you like a VIP.  Our order was accurate and timely. Food was perfect, very tasty.  The fish and chips with malt vinegar reminds me of my UK travels. Just outstanding. I have brought friends and visiting family. The food and service are always memorable. This is clearly hard work and dedication to keep providing an outstanding experience. Keep up the great work!  We will be back!!!
5	Good place for a birthday lunch! And since it's a Friday, I decided to have the Fish n Chips. The 2 lightly-breaded rectangles of cod( you can also have a 4-"peace") were moist and flavorful, and the meat was pure white through and through. The fries were not too greasy but not too dry. The small side of cole slaw was a bit too "saucy" but it tasted good and I finished it. I would definitely order this again. Because it was my birthday, I ended with the strawberry cake with strawberry icing. Perfect!
4	Jess was our server tonight and her service was exceptional very friendly; and helpful too. We tried the fried zucchini which was not at all greasy and a huge portion. The blackened chicken Alfredo was tasty and the patty melt was one of the best I ever had.  The mini donuts were thrown in when we checked in on Yelp. All considering it was a pleasant experience and I like that they are open till 10 pm on a Sunday. It's a 60's diner experience with made to order home cooked comfort food.
4	I have been coming to Rambo's Kitchen for years, and the other day while I feasted on fried pickles and a reuban after a long, tiring hike at Red Rock it dawned on me that I had never yelped this charming diner.  First of all, I've never had a bad experience at Rambo's.  I think being a groovy guy or gal is a requirement of working there, because everyone has a laid back, pleasant vibe about them.  Second, the atmosphere is delightful.  I've been to many a 50s diner, but the 60s diner is pretty unique.  I love that each table has a retro card game and a coffee table book of some kind on it - what great conversation starters!  There's even a Magic 8 Ball to play with - though it gave me some pretty upsetting answers concerning my love life last time I was there.  Outlook not so good?  Come on, Magic 8 Ball.  You're killing me.  The food!  Oh my!  So much caloric-overload goodness!  I'm sad they no longer have their Kahuna Philly Cheese sammich - who would have thought pineapple would taste so perfect on a Philly?  Still, there menu has lots of options - just don't go there if you're on a diet!  Or do - just wait until it's your cheat day because the food is so good and so very fatty.  Also, don't dine here if you're in a rush.  I think the food is made with heaps of love because it takes a bit longer, but everything is handmade so it's worth the wait.  Rambo's is so family friendly - so if you have wriggly, rowdy kids, they'll be fine here.  I've come toting along my nieces and nephews and it's always a hit.  Eat there!  Eat there now!
3	I enjoyed my lunch here, it was good. We had the 4 piece fish basket, chili cheese fries, fried mushrooms, and my husband ordered the cheesy cheese burger. Fish plate was good ...it came with coleslaw, homemade fries or homemade potato chips. I have to say the French fries were some of the best homemade fries I have had, I think ever! The chili fries had homemade chili and was OK I wasn't a fan of that chilli on those fries. Fried mushrooms were good. My husband ate the entire burger which is huge so I guess you can say he really liked it. The theme is 60's and very cute and relaxed. Service was great and server was friendly!
4	based on the reviews, I bought the groupon. Went there for lunch and was greeted and seated right away. Decor was awesome and our server Tina was great!!!:) we ordered the strawberry chocolate swirl french toast and when we got it, it was more like a pancake than a traditional french toast. I couldn't taste the chocolate but overall , everything else is good:) I will come back again.
5	Really awesome place! Around my neighborhood, actual walked here. It is definitely worth the drive if you aren't close by though. The fried mushrooms and mini fried donuts are pretty awesome. The burgers though, wow just wow.I got the Rambo burger which is a burger with pulled pork and wait for it.. Cheese in the burger. It was as amazing as it sounds..better.Don't hesitate coming here!
5	Great breakfast at a bargain price!  We both go the 4.99 breakfast in which your pick 3 options.  I got the 2 eggs, 2 pancakes and two pieces of bacon  The BF got the pancakes, sausage and bacon.  We also split a side of breakfast potatoes with added onions and peppers.  We were immediately served fresh coffee and the refills were prompt!  The pancakes were huge and topped with powdered sugar.  My over hard eggs were perfect.  The whites were crispy just the way I like them.  The potatoes were also requested crispy and there were delicious.  Yes, I have a slight crispy fetish. Our server was so sweet.  I ordered the wrong potatoes, hash instead of breakfast.  She changed the order with no problem!  With our Yelp check in, we got 6 mini warm donuts.  Even though I had no room, I managed to eat one.  Yum!  The rest were great as a snack at home.  We will be back!
4	Food was fantastic. I had the turkey, avocado croissant with sweet potato fries and my husband had the cheesy cheeseburger with chips. The chips were thick and good! Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful.  The decor leaves a bit to be desired, but the food makes up for it.
4	American favorites mixed with it's own unique style.  The mini donuts are just like my mom made in Texas.  Love the bar b que hotdog.
4	This is our second try with Rambo's Kitchen. The food is good and the service is friendly and attentive. Dining with a 4 year old isn't always easy but it is at Rambo's. They have a bunch of games, trivia and toys to keep everybody entertained as you wait for your food. We each had burgers and we'll be back for more. Sick with the fries though. The onion rings are greasy and unappealing.
4	We split the Rambo Breakfast Burrito. It was delicious! Our waitress Misti was very friendly and attentive. The kitchen was slow but we didn't mind this time. It was our first time and plan to go back.
1	Let's try to write another review since my last one was taken off for "personal attacks."I will keep this one short and sweet. The food at this place is very average. Without a groupon that gives you 50% off, this place would be very over priced for the quality of food one is served. The food averages around $10-$13 and although that may not be too pricey, I feel as if any random guy could cook the same quality of food. As the service goes, from reading other reviews it has come apparent to me that neither the owner nor servers are very nice. I don't like an owner who trolls on yelp to only dismiss and refuse to accept any bad reviews (the reason why my last review was deleted). I will not come back to this place to stand up for those who the owner has verbally attacked. In addition, the food isn't great and won't be missed.
4	Went there for dinner last night with friends and my three year old. Great place for kids...good menu and games for little ones. Cool hippie vibe!  Kiddo had peanut butter homemade jam sandwich on soft wheat bread. Very good. Homemade chips good but greasy. I had blackened chicken Alfredo. Very good but really spicy! Salads and sandwiches are a hit but many choices are fried like the Monte cristo so beware those who watch cholesterol.  I have been here many times and will keep coming back.
5	A wonderful "best of the neighborhood" restaurant that is probably the best kept secret in Spring Valley/Westside/Southwest . This is a self-described 60's diner. The ownership is local, the prices are friendly, the staff is motivated, and the food selection is immense. "Why is this place not on blast? "   Every helicopter parent and their Charge D'or should be here both days! "Mini Doughnuts" $2 for 6, $4 for 12. This is the utmost of comfort food: Caesar Salad $8 (add Chicken Breast grilled or breaded for 4 more)Brilliant people, brilliant concept, brilliant motivation, great prices. Why aren't you here? :)
5	Nothing fancy but a great variety and  plenty of good food.  Try the home made chips and Monte Cristo.  Yum.  Breakfast and dinner are also served at lunch time.
5	I love this place!! The atmosphere is amazing in this place I love the decorations and music it really takes you back to a different era. Misty the server who we have had both times we have been there is always bright and cheery, even though we had been there before she still told us of the specials and apps that we may want to try. The food there is all scratch made and worth the price, my husband has had the fish tacos and the big fish sandwich which is hand battered right before it's cooked not pre-frozen. I myself have gotten the chopped steak mixed veggies and mash potatoes and gravy. These are homemade potatoes and you know this my the chunks in it. Misty recommend the fist and second time we came the fried pickles which are the best I have ever had and I have tried them at many other places. They are sliced thick and batterd instead of breaded and they offer 3 sauces for .50 so worth it too! The fist time we ate there my daughter tried the homemade donuts and she really liked them. I have no con's at all to this place it's that amazing!!
5	Really amazing food! I got the turkey avocado with homemade chips. REALLY GOOD. The service was great and the way the place is so cool. Get ready to go back in time when you walk in. You can enjoy the 60s and 70s memorabilia while eating. The environment was awesome and the detailed interior design makes the whole experience so interesting. Super impressed over all. I'll be back !!
3	The food gets a 2. Maybe because I'm a vegetarian and the veggie sandwich was hardly a sandwich, but mostly bread, but still. Service was friendly, but slow. Best part, honestly was the outdoor seating, and that they are dog friendly supplying a dog bowl and everything. All in all, it was ok. Over priced for what you get, though.
5	Everything was amazing. Such a cozy spot!Huge TASTY portions and the friendliest waitress.
5	I love Rambo's! It's so cute inside :) Food taste homemade. Food is a little pricey, but I believe you're paying for the ambiance as well.
1	One word. RUN! This was probably the worst experience I've ever had going to a restaurant. I am new to reviewing places but me and my gf have been to literally thousands of restaurants around the country. I had a chilidog, which came out 35 minutes after I ordered it. It looked like a shriveled up sausage you overcooked in the microwave. I took one bite and spit it out. After telling our server, she took it away and didn't come back for a while. She returned with a comment card, saying that, sorry I was told I can't discount the bill but here is this comment card for you. Upon asking to talk to a manager, she left again and again left for a what seemed like a long time. At this point I've been at this place over an hour and there was one other table in the whole place. Finally the owner came out and basically got in my face. It was almost comical. This guy actually argued with me and told me my concerns were "my opinion", and rambled on and on about why he didn't discount my food or came over but had the server bring a comment card. He was rude, unprofessional and it was obvious that he is the last person that should ever be in any kind of hospitality service. Finally after I basically looked at him  in a way where he knew I was getting real mad, he insisted, in a very angry tone that we don't pay for our bill. We got up and left. What a clown this guy is, I would never come back for any chance that I would ever see his face again.
2	Ate breakfast there on Wednesday. This is my third time here for a late breakfast. Food was just your basic eggs and toast, the service was not so hot. Been there twice before and had a great blond and brunette duo. Guess they have made some changes and it sure made a difference. No smiling faces , no interest in having a conversation. Just straight diner. If your looking for friendliness the staff has changed. Sorry Rambos, should have kept the  old staff...
5	I love the cozy, nostalgic ambiance of this place. It's a cute little diner that's kind of tucked away with a lot of vintage 60's Americana charm. Lots of good 'ol American comfort food and the milkshakes are yummy! Don't go here if you're on a diet. The staff has always been friendly, great date night spot.
4	Awesome atmosphere, if your into the woodstock vibe. Or just great cheap food. The only complaint I have is that if you eat in they intentionally make you wait longer for your food to come out. I guess it would be cool if I was with friends. But I am a lone yelper
3	Rolled in late after the place was closed for 30 minutes already, sorry but it said online somewhere open till 10 pm. The nice waitress kindly let us eat and we took a table. The place has the overdone 60's vibe but its fine cause im here for the food not a fancy meal. Let the waitress chose my meal and i had a meatloaf sandwich was was large, tasty, and reasonable in cost given the amount of food you get. Came with house made chips and a small side of coleslaw... please for the love of god give me more coleslaw! The two bite dixie cup makes me sad. Ive eaten here before on several occasions and have always been pleased with the food, service, and atmosphere. You hungry? Not a ton of $$? and in the SW region of town... give Rambo's a shot its typically consistent.
4	Visited for the first time for Thanksgiving and had the limited menu. We were NOT dissapointed. The service was very attentive and the staff was so friendly.  We had the turkey dinner with all the sides. Cream of mushroom soup was very tasty and the portions of turkey, gravy, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, and carrots was so plentiful.We will surely be back again.. oh and we got some of the mini donuts that almost didn't make it home they were so good.  ;)
3	I just got a basic burger and fries and wasn't too impressed. The fries were undercooked, and while the burger tasted decent, it didn't blow my mind. The service was really great, though, and I loved the vibe of the place.
5	My boyfriend and I saw a tv commercial for this place and decided to check it out.We ordered pickled fried chips, a cheesy burger, and turkey croissant avocado sandwich. The food was amazingly delicious!
1	No stars, The restaurant is stuck in the 60s and needs Robert Irvine to come into give it a Restaurant Makeover. The walls are too cluttered with old nostalgia. The world has changed since the 60s, and a restaurant need to change with the times to appeal to all ages of people, to be a real hotspot. WIFI would be great at this location. The menu there also needs to be downsized and to be simplified, and appealing to all ages.Mitzi the waitress, and a male waiter there give exceptional service. It takes more than two great employees to pack a house, and bring in repeat business. Restaurants have to be highly competitive, and keep up with the times.
1	This place sucks more and more over the years. Tonight we said we were finally done after dining here over the past three years. The passion in this place is so lost and it shows. Direction given when ordering is ignored. Medium doesn't mean well done. Over easy doesn't mean fried. Rice isn't supposed to be mushy. We've gotten sick a few times and still gave this place another shot. If your guests seam unhappy address it don't just slip us a comment card. We were accused of not leaving enough money on the bill as were walking out the door when the waitress dropped the money as she picked it up. Icing on the cake.
5	Gr8 food i would recommend this place to everyone & the experience is awesome!   Every dish I've tried is very tasty & you'll go back for more.
5	We stopped into this little place because my husband has delivered their mail several times and loved the smell of the food, but never had time to stop and eat. The atmosphere of this place when you walk in is just awesome. Our waitress was so super nice. I believe her name was Tina. She kept on top of us and asked us if we need anything. The food was so good. The portions were pretty big. I actually had to take some of my Rambo Burger home. This is a place that the hubby and I plan on going back to again.
4	Went there for the second time yesterday. First visit was great, I had a french dip. Meat & bun were great, au jus was nice & hot. The plus of the meal were the steak fries...HOLY CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  A place that serves steak fries. A blast from the past.Forgot what the wife had but she said it too, was great. The only downside is the price of the sodas. Juuuuuuuust a little high.Yesterday i had a double burger with those GREAT fries. Tasty burger & bun. Need i say more about the fries? Wife had a wrap, but not just any wrap. She was able to actually order her wrap with what she wanted in it & got it in a 1/2 size. Just perfect. Next time we go, we're gonna order desert first w/ a malt, & then if we have any room left, we'll order food.The atmosphere is pure Woodstock & the books & games on the tables are great. When was the last time you saw a tiddly-winks games from years ago?Can't wait to go back.
3	I love this place but beware if you have food allergies. Staff not trained on checking with chef on ingredients and can be deadly. I am still rooting for their success..great concept but needs help!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! We have been here several times and the food is always so good!  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is totally funky and fun!
