5	Yum. Yum. Yum.Have just done a brunch here at this point, but I was so impressed and pleased. The space it beautiful -- the prettiest thing you've ever seen in a strip mall. Lush without being stuffy.The food is unpretentious and perfectly done. My chilaquilles were creamy and spicy. Such a lovely option for breakfast in the Midwest. The garlic roasted potatoes on the side were crispy and flavorful. The red velvet cupcake for desert was moist and substantial.I was, frankly, quite shocked by how inexpensive the whole thing was. Most brunch dishes are $7-9, and come with a side of greens and bread.The service was just a tad overwhelmed, but it was 11:30am on a Sunday.I'm looking forward to a dinner here!
5	Okay, I admit it.  I am one of those people that goes into a restaurant  I've never been to expecting to hate SOMETHING.  This sometimes translates into bad reviews which SOMETIMES earn me private messages from other reviewers all offended that I called something out in their review.  I would love to give names, and maybe at some point I will.  ANYWAY...I am perfectly capable of singing the praises of a restaurant.  I've had La Brioche's baked goods before, and they are wonderful.  I wasn't expecting the delicious deliciousness that was my breakfast at "True Food".  I ordered the french toast, and my companion had the eggs benedict.  The french toast had bananas and candied pecans on top, as well as a cream sauce, and came with real maple syrup.  It was a perfect portion to make me full without feeling stuffed.  The bites I had of the eggs benedict were almost too much, it was so good.  The bernaise sauce was lemony, and the eggs had asparagus on top.  The decor was fancy without being frou-frou, and the wait staff was friendly.  The explanation in the little "true food" book about the decor and the feng shui was a little pretentious, but whatever.Anyway, I'll be back.  (this last sentence was said in my mind in a cheesy austrian accent btw)
3	I have been to the new La Brioche several times, about half to dine in and half for take out.  The food is uniformly good, and I've especially enjoyed their organic burger, roasted red pepper omelet and (a special one day) shitaki-sake soup.Alas, if the service was half as good as the food, I'd be a much bigger fan.  The problems begin at the door: during busy hours, it sometimes difficult find who, if anybody, is seating people.  Once that person is found, it's not clear there's any rhyme or reason to getting seated.  The wait staff seem nice enough, but offer brusque service.  The head chef barks out commands heard throughout the restaurant.  Ironically, a focus of the restaurant is ensuring the proper qi - instead, the place feels chaotic.I call this the "Standard Madison Dining Experience": generally competent (and sometimes even very good) food, with much less attention paid to the dining experience itself.  Sigh.
4	Well well well.  How soon good things must come to an end.  Or at least in this case be less good.I went here on Valentines Day, and while I kind of expected it to be a little hectic, we never had a "waiter" and the staff "forgot" about us.  We did sit in the "slow chi" area, but it was a little ridiculous.  Evidently people had called in sick, and even the owner was waiting tables.  I don't fault the staff for this, but I do think it was kind of crappy that the owner walked by my table several times and HAD to notice the empty plates.  He was the one that brought them to us after all.Anyway, all I am saying here is, the food is still good, but maybe they should rethink their whole dining room "chi" crap.  Fast, slow, whatever.  People still expect some timely service.
5	I went to the old La Brioche on Midvale for pastries as part of almost every library trip. Now they still have those same pastries but SO MUCH MORE! I went there for brunch a few weeks ago, and every member of my group had great things to say about their dishes. I'm adding La Brioche to my permanent brunch rotation.
4	I went for Sunday brunch. I ordered egg benedict croissant + a side of potato. It came with baby green salad; I liked how they only lightly, very gently, mix the salad with some olive oil. The interior was nice.The ingredients were fresh as reflected by the simplicity of the seasoning. The potato was sauteed with oil, basil, garlic and pepper, but yet it was incredibly good. You could tell that it wasn't from batch processing. The cream sauce for the egg benedict had a tint of vinegar yet it retained its creaminess without being burdened with numbing thickness.  The eggs were pouched just right with the yolk being liquidy. (This takes a big tank of boiling water & attention to achieve the shape and texture.) Needless to say, croissant was good as they are also known for their bakery.They had slow jazz (flute & piano that day) playing in the background. The sound system was not bad (way too many venues blast their imbalanced sound system too loud). I could still hold a conversation despite sitting right next to the piano.However, service was mediocre, or bad I'd say. They were good with placing orders, but it took me 20min to get someone to get me some hot water. The girl I eventually managed to wave over was a hostess and she looked at me weird as if she has nothing to do with her customers.  She came back 10min later and asked if anyone had fetched me water, and I said no. She then got me the water herself.
4	I came back here for dinner. The bread in the bread basket was really good. I'm glad they're a bakery because I will want to buy more of it. The salad I had was nice & fresh but not that inspired. My pizza was just okay. My date had a chorizo burger and practically licked the plate. I ate most of his side of potato wedges. I'll come back, but probably more frequently for brunch.
3	Can you guys get someone to bring the vegetarian eggs benedict to my house? That croissant/delicious egg combo was AWESOME. I also want to marry the pink wallpaper so bring some of that along, too.Three stars because that "chi" stuff is total elitist bullshit and comes off as just plain silly considering the place is in a Midwestern strip mall. I'm just saying.
5	I'm a slave to their Morning Buns and, in my opinion, deserve 5 stars just for having them. I also love their cookies. I have yet to try meals at their new location.
1	La Brioche is beautiful inside.  The food is good, borderline great.  The baked goods and cakes look better.  However, I will NEVER be able to get over how HORRIBLE the service is.  I have given La Brioche my " 3 strikes" policy, hoping that the bad service might be a fluke, but by reading the other reviews and by my own experiences, it seems like a trend.  The servers look like they are on a fast sinking ship, they are totally unaccommodating, totally rude and need to study up on what they are serving.   I feel like if the service is bad, why bother trying to make everything else great.I give La Brioche one star and I think I am being very generous.I feel like no matter how good an establishments food is, if the service is not up to par, it doesn't matter.
4	Excellent.  Have made two visits, great ambiance, food, and service.  The spinach omlette is excllent.  French toast to die for.They can be busy, but accurate in estimating wait time.  Outside tables & chairs will be great in warm weather.
1	In summary,  La Pretentious/Truly over-hyped.And I'm talking about both food and service. For Sunday brunch, I ordered feta scramble, which came with unimpressive taste, accompanied by overdressed salad (major turn off) and a piece of whatever-grade toast - wait, they're supposed to be a bakery, right?My bf's omelet - ugh, mentioning would be a waste of space.My friend's egg benedict - ordered with the poached egg medium done. What they brought out instead was wrong kind of egg benedict with super runny yolk that unfortunately decided to spill and ran to my friend's crotch. We sent it back and they brought us newly cooked mediocre dish.Piece of advise: Perkin's omelet can give La Brioche a serious run for the money, not to mention that Perkin's also would have a lot more pleasant staff, and better Feng Shui. Who cares about the pages of brochure going on and on about the ugly decor? Give us the true good food and solid service, and that should be enough to put patrons in good mood.
3	La Brioche is something that must be tried, but they have some big flaws and it's not something everyone will like.First off, they have the best Croissant ever made.  Period.  I've been to the "actual" La Brioche in France, and I still like the Croissants here better than anywhere else, so that's saying a lot.  The Chocolate Croissants are equally as good, so don't skimp when you go there.  The Croissant has a nice hard shell (not hard like stale bread, good hard), and a creamy-butter taste that you'll be longing for after you leave.  Plus, almost zero flakiness like most other quality Croissant makers.Secondly, the restaurant itself is fairly new (they used to have a small bakery down the street), and they did a nice job with the furnishings.  It looks very victorian vintage, with a unique color layout and pleasant dining areas.  There's also an outdoor section when it's nice outside, and a comfortable waiting area when they're busy.Those things said, they have a HUGE problem with service.  At the old bakery, there was 1 or 2 curmudgeon employees who were extremely rude no matter how you approached them.  At this new restaurant, there's now a handful of people who share that behavior, except they also have inexperience and no tact to add to the list.Additionally, the food items are hit or miss.  They all have a little something off about them, and the presentation is pretty basic considering the steep prices.My Recommendation -   Stop in and buy a few Croissants, don't stay for lunch.
1	I thought I had figured out how to have a good meal at La Brioche: take out.  I very much enjoy the organic burger and some of the omelets, and, with take out, I had been able to avoid the horrible service.Alas, no more.  I called in an order for my usual burger with avocado and swiss, stating I would be right over.  I arrived, paid for it, and waited.  And waited.  I checked, only to find that the person who took my call had indicated that I would pick it up one hour later than I had said.  No apology from the staff involved, barely an apology from another staff member, and certainly no gesture like, "Please, have a pastry on us."I am done with True Foods.  Madison has a number of other restaurants with better food and much, much better service.Incidentally, while waiting for my missing order, I discovered how to get good service at True Food: have a relationship with a staff member.  A young women who was apparently attached in some fashion (girlfriend?) to a staff member received lavish attention from that person and other staff.So, unless you are related to someone who works at True Food, look elsewhere.
5	Great soup selection and specials.  My new favorite spot when I return to Madison.
3	I was really torn about whether or not to try La Brioche, due to other Yelper reviews. We decided to toss the dice, and stopped in for brunch this morning. Yes the decor is...interesting. I don't love it or hate it(although, ladies, you must go into the bathroom...just to see the Citrus Peacock wallpaper. Can't decide if it's so ugly it's cute, or just ugly). I know service was a big disappointment for other people, but our waitress was average. It was fairly busy in the front, and we chose to sit in back where there were less families with loud children(we're not haters, we just hadn't had any coffee yet). I tried the feta scramble..which was mediocre. Not bad, but nothing outstanding. The potatoes we split were yummy, and my croissant was good, as mentioned before. My boyfriend's French Toast was amazing. The candied pecans and bananas were good, but the creme anglaise pushed the dish over the top to heavenly. A decadent but delicious way to start any Sunday!We both thought that the prices were fair, and we'd try it again.
1	I stopped in for two croissants this morning on the way to work.  I asked for a chocolate and a plain croissant to go. The initial bite was disappointing and it kept getting worse from there.  It was hard and dense.  There wasn't the taste of butter that I'm used to but an oil like substance oozed from each bite that was rather unpleasant.  The croissants were $2 each.  I'm never coming here again. There should be a warning of: EXTRA-HEAVY croissant coming your way.  Gross.
5	I've been here several times now and it really is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison so 5 stars is what it gets.I won't object to calling the place pretentious, but it's exactly the right amount of pretentious for me. Love the decor, love the feel, love the no cell phones rule.Only really been there for brunch and lunch, but the food is always delicious. Most dishes come with a plain green salad with what I assume is old and balsamic vinegar dressing. Any dish it comes with, breakfast or lunch, it's always a good accompaniment.In the past, I've really enjoyed: Chilaquillas (now breakfast tacos, I think)French toast (berries or bananas/pecans)Eggs benedict (on a croissant!) Burger (mark of a really good burger: I don't wish I'd added BBQ sauce to it)Just added to the list: spicy turkey. Avocado, aioli, and a perfect amount of spice for a sandwich (well, for me). Always want to eat the pastries, usually too full. They're always good (and I've got a creme puff with strawberries waiting for me in the fridge), but the reason I love La Brioche is the good food.Sad to say I have had service that wasn't the best (just in terms of slowness/not getting water refilled), but I love everything else about the place enough that I can't bring myself to dock it that last star. I must have gone 8+ times now, and haven't had service as bad as mentioned in the other reviews...but I have definitely mentioned it as a drawback myself.But so as not to end this review on a downer: Cream puffs, cream puffsHere I comeCream puffs, cream puffs,Yum yum yum
2	Unimpressive. I went here on a recent Sunday morning for brunch. The wait service was bad, bordering on insulting. My french toast was bland, which is surprising because it had vanilla and bananas on top. My husband's salmon omelet was almost inedible because it was so salty. With so many yummy brunch places in Madison don't waste your time, or money, here!
4	Sunday brunch here is fantastic! Sitting in the old fashioned high backed arm chairs nestled up to a little table, sipping on local organic coffee and debating whether or not the cinnamon buns should be eaten now, or later!The food is good, nothing fancy but super tasty. We had the four cheese quiche and the chilequildelia (spelling?) both of which are perfectly portioned. The side of roasted potatoes is enough to share, so be careful. The bakery was delicious, the chocolate croissant was incredible and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something not to heavy but sweet!
3	If you are looking for a restaraunt that has organic, well-treated-while-living meat, and local produce, go no further. This is one of the best spots in Madison in terms of affordability and locally-produced goodness. The meals I like are well-prepared and tasty.With that said let's get inti what isn't so hot about Ka Brioche and why I gave it 3 stars instead of 4.First of all the service can be hit or miss. Ther are one or two servers that are really good, but most of the oters are lacking some of the fundamental skills.The variety of options on the menu also seem pretty small. Yes, they have tons of soup to chose from, but the entree selection is small.The deserts are also not as good as I want them to be for business that got it's start as a bakery and does beautiful wedding cakes. They are often dry, slightly stale, and not as flavorful as they should be. But my partner swears by the macaroon, but this is the only thing he gets when we have desert. The decor isn't all it's cracked up to be. They did an excellent job for being in a strip mall, but they're idea of different zones kind of failed. Supposedly the zone in front is more for conversation-seekers and the area in back is for quiet-seekers. This falls completely apart when, on Friday nights they have a piano player up front. He is so loud that you can't think let alone talk, so everyone ends up going in the back to get away from it.Overall good food, but they need to work on some of the rough edges when it comes to the non-food categories.
3	I've been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Try breakfast, have a cup of (GOOD) coffee and a salmon omelet. It comes with potatoes coated with garlic-y goodness and as salmon omelets go, it's definitely one of the best I've had.
4	The burger was well above average and the potatoes that came with it were fantastic. Everything tastes real...or shall I say "True".  I respect their local sourcing and organic bend.  Service was just fine.  We ate outside.  We'll be back.
4	The food was excellent. I ordered the ribs (the Saturday night special,), my boyfriend had the chicken pot pie, and we shared the cheese plate. The cheese plate was amazing: 5 different kinds of cheese (ex. cave aged goat cheese, sheep's milk blue), all from Wisconsin, and with yummy pecans and sour cherries. The ribs were terrific; nice and fatty, and with a tangy bbq sauce. Good garlic roasted potatoes too. My only complaint would be that the broccoli rabe was over seasoned and over cooked. My boyfriend was underwhelmed by his pot pie, but I think this is because he expected a proper crust. This pot pie only had the top puff pastry. Our waitress was clueless. She had to be prompted to tell us about the cheeses on our cheese plate, didn't ask about condiments when she brought out our food, etc. To be fair, she might have been in high school, and she was perfectly nice. The waitress serving the surrounding tables seemed more clued-in though.
4	I've been here a couple of times for lunch and for dinner. The food has always been good, the service has been really good. It is a bit spendy for what you get and the interior is a little over the top, but I've been there three times so far so that hasn't stopped me.
4	I went for Restaurant Week about ten days ago. I tried the corn & cheddar fritters, the olive oil poached halibut and the lemon yogurt cake. The yogurt cake was my favorite of the three, it felt very unique. The basil ice cream flavor is a little odd on its own, but it combined remarkably well with the berries and the cake. Which is precisely what I felt was lacking in the other two courses.The fritters and the halibut were really good, even delicious, but I felt like each had something missing to complement the dominant flavors, so by the end of each course I felt a little tired of them. But overall it was very good.I'll definitely give it another shot, there is a lot to like, and the atmosphere is quite nice.
3	i met a friend here for lunch today. we were both a bit thrown by the decor and overall atmosphere... i think we were envisioning more of a cafe than a place to have high tea, and we were definitely the only two people in the joint who were not privileged housewives or ancient lunching ladies. i ordered a half a roast beef sandwich and a cup of potato soup. my friend had a reuben and some tea. my soup and sandwich were alright. the ciabatta that my sandwich was on was probably the best part of the meal. overall, it wasn't great, but it wasn't bad either. i had heard rave reviews about it but i left disappointed. i might try this place again for dinner or brunch, but i can think of better lunch options.
4	I met a group for a meeting, and we had a lovely time sitting outside.  I believe I was the only one that purchased anything.  I had a wonderful pot of Rishi Tea, and a Key Lime square that was to die for.  I'm looking forward to returning to enjoy the decor inside and trying the food!
2	I'll admit, I was a bit leery going in after hearing things from friends.  I met a friend there for breakfast on a weekday.  There was a sign at the front saying to wait to be seated.  So we did.  Over 10 minutes.  No one greeted us except the man carrying out water for the plants out front.  A woman came over eventually to seat the group that walked in a head of us.  Didn't seat us.  People started coming in and walking past us to seat themselves.  We finally caught the eye of someone who told us to go ahead and find a table.  Yeah...maybe they should change the sign then?  Anyway, we chose a table that was for four since we wanted to be by the window.  Evidently, this was the wrong choice.  When our waitress came over, she asked if we were waiting for two more and when we replied not, she sighed and asked us to hand her the extra settings since we wouldn't be using them.  Note for the restaurant, if you don't want us to take a four-top, then either seat us like your sign says or tell us to help ourselves to a table for two.  Oh, we had also grabbed menus from the front so we could start deciding (since their online breakfast menu doesn't work).  According to one guy, they were fine, according to our waitress, we needed different ones.  When I asked for a tea that was listed online, I was told that was out-of-date.  At this point, I'm just praying the food is outstanding to make up for all of this plus the prices which are basically the same for all meals.Our food did come out sooner rather than later (which I was also praying would happen since promptness had not been exhibited as yet).  I ordered the vegetarian eggs benedict.  Taste-wise it was great, although the eggs were not consistent.  One had a very runny yolk and the other a firm, just short of boiled-egg yolk.  I can handle both but I'd prefer it to be consistent.  Assembly-wise, I would have preferred it traditional open-face style rather than sandwich style.  It made it very difficult to eat.  I ended up just eating it ingredient by ingredient.  The salad was fine but a very odd side for breakfast.  Fruit would have been much better.Our table was cleared in pretty good time but, after asking for our check, it took at least 10 minutes.  In which time our waitress brought out water and such to other tables but never dropped off the check.  My friend was planning on getting something from the bakery for later so got up to pick it out and pay so as not to waste more time.  When we were finally brought the check, we were told there was no reason to go up front and we needed to settle the bill with the waitress.  Yeah...Overall, not impressed at all.  The decor (in front where we were) was fine.  But the wait time, and the unpleasantness of the staff, could have used improvement.  There are ways to make the same point without the attitude.  Saying, "oh I see you got something from the bakery, I hope you like it.  When you're ready to pay for the meal, I can do that right here" would have been much better.  Although, frankly after all the waiting, I was tempted to just go up and ask if we could just pay up there so we could get to work.  The feel of the place is no longer that of a bakery and my friend, who liked their baked goods and would often stop in at their old location, remarked that she wouldn't feel comfortable popping in here for treats even when it is on the way.This is definitely going on my not-recommended-but-wouldn't-refuse-if-a-friend-insisted place.  But I would try to talk them into someplace else.   And I would make sure I'm in a good mood for the needed patience.
5	Ubaldo Mora is a magician. We went non-traditional with a chocolate mocha cake. It could not have been more moist and more beautiful. He knew exactly what our vision was for our cake, executed it perfectly, was very pleasant to work with, and ultra professional.
4	Really good food. I appreciate that they go out of their way to buy local and organic foods. I'd recommend trying it if you haven't!
2	I was in La Brioche recently and the service seems to have gone downhill. The food was still good, however.
1	Here we go again. So many people told me how good this place was. I don't know what they are eating or what they are comparing it to, it is horrible. Jay P. who says he is from DC, nailed the description of the omelette perfectly. The service is abysmal, which really hurts a restaurant such as this. When you can't fall back on the food to be good, and your service fails you, you have nothing left. The name implies 'french." One bite of a croissant tells you it should be called La Pillsbury. The coffee is good, but it is no secret, it's Kickapoo, which is a pretty good coffee.The bland food, the horrible croissant, the uninteresting and dated selection of menu choices does nothing to bring me back, and it won't.
3	I was a regular at their original location. It was 100% Mom and Pop, right down to the vinyl gingham table "cloths" and napkin dispensers on the tables.Now, if you stop in to buy something from the bakery (which is primarily what the last location was - a bakery), you're not treated very well - almost like you're wasting the staff's time.Plus, $2 for a glass of milk for my kid - I don't think so. I'd take the old place back in a heart beat, but the pretentiousness and price of this new version are a real let down.
4	Great brunch! Fancier atmosphere. Yummy cheese danish, too.
3	La Brioche isn't fantastic, but the food is good, and I really enjoy their pastries. I've never had a problem with the service, the staff has always been polite to me. All in all, not mindblowing, but definitely tasty, fresh food and acceptable service
2	Loved the atmosphere/decor, the service and the waitresses' aprons, but I can't say the same about the food.  Ordered the Eggs Benedict and the sum was not greater than the parts.  The dish desperately needed salting, the asparagus was uncooked and the "croissant" was dense and dry (not buttery or flaky).  Their french toast was nothing more than dry grilled challah bread topped with berries.  Bakery?  Good joke!
4	Service and food were great!
3	The food is always good tasting but very overpriced. I ordered a small salad which seemed reasonably priced at $7, but I didn't read the menu closely and they added another $6 for chicken! I went there on a lunch date with the 2-year-old I was babysitting and they were very accommodating with the little one- they had lots of books and crayons and a great children's menu.The brunch is also more expensive on the weekends than the weekdays, which I found out first-hand- next time I will be sure to check the menu before I go somewhere!
4	I've been to La Brioche several times.  Most of the time, it is great.  Sometimes when they are busy they overcook the bread and it's too hard.  I always love the soup and sandwiches.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere is cozy and European chic.  The desserts...always poor and overpriced.  That's the only thing that stops me from giving them five stars.  I'm not talking about the bakery: those are all great.  But their tres leche, carrot cake, and other specialty items are bad.  Skip them.
3	Good for brunch!
1	I've been to La Brioche: True Food in the past and enjoyed brunch, though, like other reviewers seem to say, it is overpriced for what you get. I made a reservation for graduation to celebrate with my family, since graduation was on a Sunday morning, I knew I would be competing with the brunch crowd. When I made the reservation for 10, they took my name and told me that the manager would call to confirm. I was in there the next day for coffee anyway and still hadn't heard back about my reservation. I checked with the hostess and she went behind the counter and checked a book, came back and told me that my reservation was confirmed for 1:00 on Sunday. I show up with my out-of-town family in tow, and they had lost my reservation! And to top it off, the hostess was rude and dismissive. I was a loyal customer, but I won't be back! I don't have time for bitchy waitstaff and hostesses. I work in the restaurant industry and put my best face forward at work, these people should too. Management: Get your crap together!
3	I occasionally come here to meet up with friends for coffee as the venue is aesthetically pleasing with a nice ambiance.  I've tried quite a few entrees of theirs (french toast, crepes, salmon omelet, breakfast sandwich, feta scramble) but it's nothing I couldn't prepare myself at home of the same quality if not better (pretty sure I could outdo them in the french toast and crepes department).  I probably won't give them another chance in terms of entrees (because why pay twice as much for something you could make yourself?) but I'll continue to go there for coffee and baked goods.
5	I am always trying new places in the Madison area for brunch, La Brioche continues to top the list.  The ingredients are consistently high quality and fresh, locally sourced.  Never been disappointed in anything I have tried.  Service is always good.  Love the french bistro inspired decor, very eclectic and elegant.  Live piano music adds a nice touch.  Not sure why some of the negative reviews, I used to live in a large city and La Brioche is definitely on par with the types of more upscale bistros I could find there.  If you are looking for classy, high quality spot for brunch then La Brioche won't disappoint.
4	Go here for brunch! My husband and I went to La Brioche on a Saturday morning and were not disappointed. We had a short wait, but it was worth it for the food. We tried an omelette and the open-faced roasted vegetable sandwich and both were very good.Make sure to save room for dessert. They're bakery case is full of decadent treats. The cream puff was just ok, but the red velvet cupcake was great!We also appreciated the little touches like the good service & cute decor.
4	I think the pastries in the front are disappointing. I've been here several times for brunch and once for dinner. The items on the brunch menu were excellent. Tasty food and attentive service. A+
5	Thought it was just a bakery...so wrong.  Before they were in this location La Brioche was just a bakery, but now they added a ful-fledged restaurant.  The space is wonderful and the food is great.  I had a ruben and a few bites of my wife's croissant brunch sandwich.  Both were excellent.   I will be back.
4	Had I read the reviews prior to visiting, I may not have gone... I'm not sure why the reviews are so low - I really enjoyed myself here, and plan to go back.I was sitting at home when a few friends called to ask if I'd join them for dinner.  I made the short drive over to University, parked in the large lot, and wandered into La Brioche.A large, heavy velvet curtain hangs just inside the main entry to help trap drafts.  The hostess walked me to the back dining area, where I found my friends browsing their menus.  I was seated in a high backed and very comfortable chair; a menu and a glass of water waited for me.The server introduced himself and shared with us the evening's soup specials.  We ordered drinks (a round of brews all 'round) and chatted for a bit.  Within ten minutes or so our server returned, drinks in hand.  He then took our orders - mussels, herbed fish, and fish tacos.  A few of us ordered soups; I opted for the chicken chili, my friends went with the ginger curry soup.Within 5-10 minutes our soups arrived; the chili was fantastic.  It had a nice little bite, a hint of smoke, and a great poblano flavor.  I sampled the ginger curry soup - it was heavy on the ginger, but was quite good.A basket of bread arrived; it was filled with multigrain and sourdough.  I tried a small piece of the multigrain and it was delicious - crusty yet soft and full of flavor.  I could've downed the entire basket, but alas, I'm watching my figure...Our entrees arrived, and everything looked great.  Two of us went with the fish tacos, which featured soft corn tortillas, smoked tilapia, heaps of cilantro, fresh red onion, and a nice pico de gallo.  I'm a fan of smoked foods so I really enjoyed the tacos - I'd get them again.One of my friends ordered the mussels, and judging by how fast he inhaled them, I'm guessing they were great.  I'm told the broth featured a hint of bacon...One of my other friends ordered a panko-crusted fish entree; the panko included hints of mustard, cayenne, and toasted nuts.  Sides included roasted potatoes, which all looked excellent.  We finished our meal with a bottle of Malbec.  When things were all said and done, my meal came to just under $30, including beverages.Our server was a bit flighty, but all-in-all, it was a good experience.  I'll be back!La Brioche = WINFood = 4 starsService = 2.75 starsValue = 3 starsMISC = 3.5 starsMaybe we hit them on a good night?
3	We have been here several times and the food is always very good. I agree with some of the reviewers that have found the service to be less than endearing. Today (Sunday 1:00PM) the wait was 30 minutes and the waiting area can be claustrophobic. Our server was perhaps a bit stressed from the busy day and it seemed a bit like she was doing us a favor to serve us. We still enjoy eating here - as obviously a lot of others do too - but they won't get four or five stars from me without a friendlier atmosphere.
4	A great place for a relaxed brunch. Three different sections of the room are decorated in different themes. The back feels like a room out of the French Quarter in New Orleans. The front is light and airy. Great food, good service.
3	I went here to meet a friend from out of town for breakfast on a Wednesday morning around 8:30. It was not super busy, but also not as empty as I would have guessed for a random weekday. The staff person at the front counter was very friendly. There appeared to be plenty of staff on hand. Despite this, I was really surprised at the slow service. I wasn't timing anything, but it took abnormally long for her to come over to greet us, take our orders, refill coffee, and bring the check. I would usually give a pass for this in a very busy place with only one server, but this was not the case. Overall, the food was excellent! I think the prices are a little high, but the ingredients are high quality and the food is cooked well. It's worth the price. I was surprised at the coffee though -- $3 for one cup of regular coffee?! It wasn't really anything special to me, although it was noted as being local in the menu. One could argue you are paying for a quality, local product, but still, $3+ is what I pay for specialty drinks, not a plain cup of coffee. I would go back for the great tasting food and hope the service was just a random experience.
5	I really can't believe that I'm saying this, but I think Brioche has knocked out my #1 and is my new favorite restaurant in Madison. Come here for a true dining experience; you won't be disappointed.We went for brunch and it was pretty busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table. I got the mushroom omelet and my friend got the veggie benedict. Both were tasty, as were the greens that came with it and the soup we got as an appetizer.We had to try something from the bakery too, so after asking our waitress for her recommendation, we took a morning bun to go (they're known for them). Also great.The thing that gets me about this restaurant is that it's not a dinner (or a lunch, brunch, etc.); it's an experience. Everything in the place has been thought out and made as comfortable as possible. For example, the entire restaurant has been designed with feng shui concepts (and is explained in a little book on the table!), they serve reverse-osmosis water that's made onsite, and they have table lamps at the smaller tables.Seriously, Brioche, A+. I will be back again VERY soon.
3	Brunch Club hit La Brioche this week to step up our barely-A.M. dining. The place was surprisingly glamorous considering it is in a plaza off University across from IHOP. The decor is elegant-meets-eclectic and they have a whole thing about the feng shui of the place (really... you can read about it here: http://labriochetruefood.com/feng-shui.html).Anyway, ze food. I got Old World Porridge (I know, not the sexiest option and nothing to write home about) but it was one of the few veggie options available that time of day. My brunchmates got the feta scramble (eggs, feta, sundried tomatoes, arugula) and Black Forest ham/cheddar/asparagus omelette respectively. They both enjoyed their meals but we agreed the prices were a little steep. To be fair! Many of the menu items were organic and local (eggs, salad mix, tomatoes, berries), which is ia big draw to come back and give it another go.The service was great-- our waitress was bubbly and helpful answering our questions. I'd go back to try another meal...perhaps dinner? They have a long list of stone oven pizzas and house-made pastas that look damn enticing...
5	I came into La Brioche two days before my parent's 40th anniversary. I was able to chat with the pastry chef, show him a picture of the original wedding cake (from the 1970s) and discuss whether it would be possible to recreate it. He gave me a few options, let me e-mail him the picture, and then said it would get done. I picked it up two days later and not only did it look almost exactly like the original cake, everyone at the anniversary party raved about how delicious the cake was. We got chocolate cake with raspberry filing and a white buttercream frosting. I would highly recommend the cakes here if you need one for a special occasion.
5	This spot has become a favorite quickly!  The range of local, organic and fresh ingredients is impressive, even for Madison.  Enjoyed the season gazpacho with mango.  Also had the Greek salad and the vegetarian eggs benefit for Sunday brunch.  The atmosphere is lovely and comfortable.  The wait staff couldn't be more wonderful.  What else can I say?  Excellent!
4	We ordered tea/coffee at first. I do enjoy the way la Brioche serves the tea, in a china teapot rather than a paper cup. Wish the teapot also came with china tea cup but maybe one day. We then ordered the Bruschetta, it was amazingly flavorful, just loved it. The whole experience from the food to service was great!
5	Our family has  been in the Madison area now for about two months.  This is one of our favorite spots for many reasons.  First, the quality of the food is wonderful and our family appreciates the concern for the origins of the food.  The source list is included on the menu!  Thank you.  Most, if not all of the food sources are local and healthy.  No frankenfood here!  Secondly, we have two small, well-behaved dogs who have been welcomed in the outdoor dining areas.   Lastly,  the waitstaff have been kind, courteous and more than attentive on each visit.  Favorites include the Greek Salad, Wild=Caught Salmon, Vegetarian Eggs Benedict, Lemon Poppyseed Muffin, Cesar Salad, Mushroom Soup. PS, we find the decor to be perfect for the fare, and quite cozy.  Can't wait till the snow flies and we gather for( a full) pot of tea and some hot chocolate!
4	The masterminds behind La Brioche really thought of every detail. From the cute water pitcher handkerchiefs to their quirky no-cell phones rule, La Brioche strives to provide their customers with a charming, thoughtful, and detail-oriented experience. The veranda-style seating to the side of the restaurant has marble slab table tops and is sandwiched next to a bike trail and trickling water fountain - let me know if you find something more zen than that in a shopping plaza.The oven-fired pizzas, roughly 11-inches and made to order, came out faster than expected and the organic wheat crust was tasty and chewy. I didn't even notice I was being healthy that day.  Their reverse-osmosis filtered water which they use both in cooking and serving is seriously delicious. Who would have thought that the metallic tasting tap water in other restaurants could be the real culprit behind a less-than pleasant meal experience? I'd come here just for the water. Another glass please.
2	This used to be one of our favorite restaurants, but they have recently suffered consistency problems. Today, for example, I ordered eggs Benedict that came with only one over done egg with very little ham and totally drenched in hollandaise. Plus, my greens were wilted. We waited almost a half hour to be seated and another at least half hour for our food to arrive after ordering, which is actually fairly quick for them. We used to think the wait was worth it, but no longer. We'll be going somewhere else next time.
4	Food wise: I always come here for Sunday brunch and get their french toast either with berries or caramelized pecan/banana. It is very very tasty! They use brioche bread for the french toast and drizzle some vanilla cream on the top and finish it with your choice of organic berries or caramalized pecan and banana. I think I prefer the pecan/banana over organic berries. Def one of the best french toast in madtown. I also had omelet once but I was not impressed.. Price: def pricier than your other brunch places but still manageable. Environment: good ambiance and the decor is pretty. there is outdoor seating which is nice for the summer and early fall.
4	The food and atmosphere are amazing. The food is fresh and local. Both times I have been here I have ordered the crepes. They are delicious.The service is somewhat attentive. Be willing to wait. :)The atmosphere is beautiful. The interior designer did a great job!
4	Great place, Busy during lunch, good people watching. Cheese sandwich is really good as well as salads. Service was nice even during the rush hour. Parking was not problem. Food presentation is fantastic.
3	Nice bakery food with friendly serviceWent here for brunch on Saturday.  Lots of selections for us egg eaters.  I had a good scramble with standard greens.  The balsamic didn't really go with my scramble but it wasn't bad. The eggs Benedict looked amazing.Others had a big cinnamon roll and a morning bun which is the real reason to go here.  Ya gotta have one of those!Service was great.  Very attentive and asked all the right questions about the complicated drinks.  Even whether we wanted raisins on our rolls.Nice brunch or lunch spot.  I would go again.
3	I had a cheeseburger with a side salad.  Like always,I love places that provide a salad rather than a potato.  I like their mantra of true food.The food was great, flavorful but simple.  That is where my praise ends.  The restaurant is in a strip mall and parking is difficult to find.  The location is in a very busy area and if you are not familiar with street, you will pass it (at least once).  My GPS showed it was next to IHOP.  Read: IT IS ACROSS FROM IHOP.  Do not make my mistake.  The sign is not large, neither is the address.  Honestly, it is just too pricey without really being impressive.  True food does not need be expensize,
3	I've been back to La Brioche half-a-dozen times or so since the last review. Most recent visit was for brunch on 1/1/14. + Brunch menu runs heavy on breakfast items/offerings+ Most dishes offered with a side of lightly dressed greens+ Greens are simple, fresh, and ever-so-lightly dressed with a tangy raspberry vinaigrette+ Pesto green eggs and ham - excellent+ Poached eggs - excellent+ Omelets - decent; not great+ Good coffee+ Live piano on NYD was a nice, welcomed touchSo... lots of positives; why the downgrade to 3-stars?- Cold, cold, cold in the winter. Even sitting far from the front door, I froze today- Spotty service; no refills offered on coffee/water- Servers are hit-or-miss; more often miss than hit (absent, aloof, don't follow-up)- Prrrrrrrriiiiiiiicey - $5 for a small ramekin of fresh berries (a handful of blueberries and 2 strawberries, quartered); $11 for most breakfast dishes; $3 for coffee... breakfast for 2 today was $31 before the tip- Parking lot nightmares (too small; not enough spots, even when the place is slow)So much potential; I enjoy many things about the place, but the things that are off are off just enough to keep me from truly loving this place.
1	I had breakfast one morning on a whim. I ordered an omelet that came with some peppers and onions with potatoes on the side. The ingredients were not cooked and were still refrigerator cold. The omelet was barely warm. The coffee was bitter and over-extracted due to using far to little grounds for the brew. Probably the day before's batch. Service was an after-thought by someone wrapping flatware with napkins. I won't be back and couldn't recommend to anyone.
3	I don't get the allure. Is it the furniture? The water pitchers? When I go out to eat I want food that tastes great. It's why I have decided not to cook and actually leave my abode to go spend money somewhere else. And the food I've had just doesn't wow me. Now I've only been for breakfast, so maybe things really get exciting around lunchtime? Add to this the fact that servers are a bit aloof (I find myself having to repeatedly ask for things) and the insane prices for eggs (I get the whole true food thing, I do) and it's just not a place I'll find myself returning to soon.
2	I've been here a few times over the years, and my food today was rather mediocre. The whole experience today was actually pretty terrible.When we sat down, crackly classical music was playing loudly from a speaker directly above our table. Then I took a good look around and noticed how pretentious the place is. I secretly wanted to bolt for the door. Our waitress was nice, but not terribly useful. Our water glasses were not refilled and she was missing for a long period of time. When we wanted to ask for our check we could see no less than 7 employees just standing around but not our waitress.I am an east-sider through and through, so I'm not used to this sort of place in Madison. If I pay $11.50 for a burger, I expect it to be the best damn burger in town. The "True Food Burger" was very unspectacular. I get that they use organic ingredients and that is totally admirable, but $11.50 for this burger? Are you kidding me? The actually beef patty was pretty freaking small! Totally not worth the money. I kept thinking about how I'd rather be at Mickey's Tavern having one of their burgers. Also, it's not a good sign when the bun is the best part of your burger, La Brioche. The small side salad was kind of limp and had a rotten piece of something in it.My dining companion had some sort of open-faced veggie sandwich. It was absolutely smothered in cheese. He said that the vegetables weren't evenly cooked and it was salty and not very good. His soup was oily and bland.The only baked good I've had there was a cupcake, and I can't remember it being all that amazing. I won't be going back to La Brioche "True Food", because it's overpriced and simply not very good. Try 4 & 20 Bakery & Cafe,  Mickey's Tavern, Manna Cafe or somewhere else for far superior food for a more reasonable price. I mean, this place will sell you a "Two Organic Egg" breakfast for $8!! Two.Eggs.For.8.Dollars!!! No, thanks!
4	Probably my favorite breakfast spot in Madison.   Why?, the coffee and coffee service is unusually great compared to other restaurants, The background music is so nice and not the usual loud Muzak bang bang crap, the staff has always been helpful with inquiries, these folks are not a bunch of clueless first job teens they are mature and smart.   I also love lunch and dinner here.  One quirky issue I have with any restaurant like La Brioche is the overkill of needless information on the menus.  I mean these folks are trying like crazy to get into the whole green, open-range-free roaming, nicely treated food resources kick.  Of course every food selection is also organic or some such marketing moniker.  So they think they are California foodies somehow transplanted into the midwest.  Fine, though food procurement and processing will change with the times and new knowledge, I don't think that restaurants like La Brioche have to dive way into each food fad de jure.  But that's me, sorry, I look at all the extra menu information as California style marketing here in the midwest.  It's almost as if in the near future we will have more stories on the menu like: ' no green vegetables were mis-treated in preparation of your order.'  End rant. thank you.  So, the only off experience I've had here is that once the salmon seemed to be kind of flat.  Other than that the fresh bread and butter plus soups before the main entrees are just wonderful.  Almost every entree seems to include fresh and healthy greens, I could live in this place. Remember for those left at home a FULL bakery selection is waiting near the front counter for your home bound pleasures.  Wow, if carbs were currency we could all be millionaires when checking out.  So the restaurant presentation is excellent, prices are good to medium for this kind of service and product in Madison, Wi.  and somehow restaurants can't seem to deliver great coffee but La Brioche seems to, makes breakfast here above the rest. A lovely breakfast experience and other feeds during the day.
3	If I could sum up La Brioche in one word it would be: Overrated. I've been to La Brioche more times than I've liked because I have an aunt in town who loves it and we go together often. Also, I used to work at the UWHC and would go to lunch with coworkers there sometimes.I like that La Brioche is attractive. Their decorating style is cute and reminds me of an eccentric old lady's house. The hot pink wallpaper on the back wall is the bomb. I also like how the egg dishes come with mixed greens on the side instead of carbs. Here is what I don't like about La Brioche: -It's EXPENSIVE. Last time I was there a couple months ago, I took a new employee out for lunch. We both drank water and ordered a sandwich each. The sandwiches come with green salad on the side. My sandwich (a BLT) in particular, was tiny. It was more like the size of a half-sandwich from a place like Panera. The bill came to something like $30 dollars with tip. I thought this was ridiculous, and I didn't think the service, food, or atmosphere warranted that price.-The eggs are bland. At least, the times that I've had omelets and such there, the dishes contained little flavor, and were in desperate need of some salt. I'm also pretty sure based on flavor (or lack thereof) that they use non-stick spray to cook eggs as opposed to using butter. This is a cardinal sin in my book. Butter is not to be feared, but embraced!-The service is friendly, but SLOOOOW. The aforementioned lunch with my department's new employee took over an hour from the time we ordered to the time we got our bill. For two sandwiches. Nothing even had to be cooked! This is not good if they hope to appeal to people on limited-time lunch breaks.-Finally, and this is picky, I'll admit, but it really rubs me the wrong way that they have signs up on the wall (and a note in the menu)  that prohibit the use of laptops and cell phones. I get that they want the place to retain an elegant vibe, but at the same time, it irks me, as a functional adult, to be told what I "should" do, especially in such a passive-aggressive manner. Also, La Brioche, if you're going to take over an hour to bring people their bill from lunch during a workday, they will probably have to check their email at some point to avoid getting fired, and thus being unemployed and unable to eat at your expensive restaurant.Overall, I guess I'd give La Brioche 3 stars, but that's being extremely charitable.While  I've never had an appalling experience here, I've NEVER been wowed, and I've definitely been annoyed on several occasions.The breakdown:Taste of food: 2.5 starsLocation: 3 starsService: 3 starsValue: 2 stars
4	At first I was a bit confused by their requests for no cell phones or laptops.  But after dining here three times, I get it.  It was nice to leave the office behind for a bit & relax.  I've stopped in for morning buns for take away & think they might be some of the best I've ever experienced (obviously, since I keep coming back for boxes full to take to work with me).  Wonderful service on 3 separate occasions while dining in.  Great patio, can't wait to come back!
5	Hands down one of my favorite places in Madison.  I especially love their breakfast/brunch menu as well as their lunch and dinner options.  I also love their fish specials on Friday night.  Coffee is good, but I especially love their white peach tea.  (Not to mention the unique tea pots they serve their warm water in to each table too.)  Pastries and cookies are wonderful.  Service is always friendly and attentive.  Plenty of outdoor seating for the warm months to enjoy.  Perfect place to go for a bite to eat and to escape reality for a while.  Did I mention it's a phone-free zone?!  :)
4	The food here was really great- the vanilla challah french toast was very good, the eggs Benedict were unique, hollandaise a little sweet. Egg dishes came with a great little mixed green salad. Beautiful ambience, especially considering that they are in a strip mall. Only issue was the service- it seemed a little distracted and borderline pretentious. I'd come back though.
3	Across the street from where I'm staying, so I find myself here often out of convenience.Pros: Tasty, new spins on vaguely French-by-way-of-America foods. Ridiculously oversized bakery items in window. Morning buns are epic. Pleasant live piano music sometimes. Cozy eclectic decor.Cons: Overpriced, you can find just as good baked items for less in this city, not to mention meals. They have a draconian policy on cell phones and tablets, which is understandable in what they're trying to achieve, but they're annoyingly strict - more than once, I walk away because I forget their policy and just want to read a book on my tablet. Comes off as condescending and technophobic.
4	I can't even begin to count the number of times my husband or I have said, "We should try La Brioche one of these days." Well, we finally did it. We had friends in town for the weekend and decided a bunch at La Brioche would be a great way to kick off a Saturday. The parking lot was packed when we got there at 10am, which led me to think it would be busy in the restaurant, but I'd say the place was 1/2-3/4 full (I think people had used the parking lot for a swim meet next door). There were tables available outside and it was a gorgeous morning so we sat outside (it was also pretty loud inside, lots of people talking and loud music, which I personally don't enjoy when dining with friends). Our waitress was polite and friendly. There are standard coffee choices (black, latte, mocha) in addition to a few fancier things (Miel, Matcha Latte, etc). Since it was brunch, that was the menu we worked with. There are simply too many choices (I kinda wish it had been a bit paired down), but I went with the Vanilla Challah French Toast with bananas and toasted pecans. It was THE BEST DECISION EVER! The bread was warm and custardy, and while they served it with a side of maple syrup - there was no need to add to my impending diabetic coma. My husband had the eggs benedict which did not disappoint. A third member of our group tried the daily quiche (there's a meat and a veggie option) which was Bacon Cheeseburger this particular morning. All said, we had a beautiful brunch with delicious food, drink, and company. Prices are a bit higher, but honestly not horrible. I wouldn't spend this much on a weekly basis, but once a month isn't out of the question. The last thing I really liked was a sign on the door and a listing on the menu that asked patrons to refrain from using cell phones and laptops in the restaurant. While I'm sure that will ruffle a few coffee shop regulars, I found it refreshing to be away from technology if only for an hour.
5	This is my go-to brunch spot: consistent, high-quality ingredients and polite staff. If you are feeling indulgent, try a morning bun before they sell out. Otherwise the brioche french toast or feta scramble are wonderful.
1	Second time at La Brioche for lunch. The menu is amazing, the food is average. The service was bad the first time. The server was downright rude the second trip.  Our table of 6 asked for a different server, but didn't get one till the meal was over. No water refills. No "how's everything". Basically ignored. $100 check and a slap in the face. Sorry, no third visit for us!
4	Great food! And great ambience!The food service could be faster though. It took close to 10 minutes before the waitress greeted us. And be careful which time you go because the menu changes. I do highly recommend their desserts. YUM!
4	I dined at this restaurant with my peers for a lab meeting. The ambiance is nice and has that "afternoon high tea" feel. The matcha latte was splendid and had just the right amount of frothed milk and sweetener. Both the green eggs and ham, and salmon omelette were decent. It's nothing over the top but dishes I could easily make at home. I'd come here to catch up with a few friends and to enjoy the atmosphere but I wouldn't say the food is worth it. It's overrated. Two eggs any style for nine dollars? That's ridiculous!
4	I came here with some family members for my college graduation. I was so surprised to see the restaurant empty because 1. all of the other restaurants I tried booking were completely full with graduation reservations and 2. La Brioche is always so packed for brunch time.To be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of their brunch. I heard so many great things about the brunch and was a little disappointed. HOWEVER, the dinner menu is great. I really enjoyed eating their wild-caught salmon. The portion size is big, and more importantly, it's delicious. The owner mentioned something about knowing a guy who goes to Alaska twice a year and brings back a lot of wild salmon.Their desserts are also really good. My favorite is the tres leches cake. The first one I ever tried was here, and it was so good I started craving tres leches all the time afterwards. I tried tres leches cake at other restaurants was learned that the one I had at La Brioche is pretty different from the typical one - however, I find it to be better tasting.5-stars to the owners and waitstaff for their friendly service and attentiveness.
1	I really wanted to like La Brioche.  Some friends rated it highly and so my husband and I took a chance.  Unfortunately, I did not have a good experience.My husband and I had breakfast there today.  My husband had the "green eggs" special with pesto.  I had the "old world porridge" and a brioche.  My husband's dish was good, but not really worth the price (over $10).  It only came with one small piece of sourdough bread.  My porridge only filled half of a cereal bowl and arrived only warm instead of hot.  It was definitely not worth $8. The brioche tasted stale.  Our server never showed up again.  When I  tried to tell the management about the problems when we paid the check, they did noting and did not even apologize for the situation.  We will not go back again.
5	Any weekend visit to Madison should include brunch at La Brioche. Between the delightful food selection and the charming decor and ambience, it's always a worthwhile stop. The vegetarian options are wonderful - the vegetarian eggs benedict and chilaquiles are both fine examples. The greens they serve with the egg dishes are always fresh and perfectly dressed with balsamic. And I always get a pot of tea (only $3!) since the owner collects the most adorable tea pots and the teas are delicious. I also appreciate their efforts to keep the space a technology free zone. I've never had a hard time following the "no cell phone" rule because the occasion of sharing a meal with friends or family takes precedence anyway. But it's truly refreshing in today's world to have a break and just enjoy. I've only ever had good experiences here and would recommend it to anyone.
2	Not a lot was open on Labor Day, so some friends suggested we go here. I reluctantly said yes, since I don't much care for this place. I thought that this would be a good opportunity to give this place another chance, but was again disappointed.Well, it still is overpriced. The service was fine and then terrible. My food (a breakfast platter with eggs, potatoes, bacon, a side salad and a chunk of bread) was all very mediocre. The worst was the bacon, which was so overcooked and crispy that it was inedible. The eggs weren't cooked as I requested. And the potatoes were under seasoned and unevenly cooked. Now, if this was diner food for $5, I wouldn't be complaining. But, this was a $12 plate of easy-to-cook food! It should have been way better. At least the coffee was good, and a bite of my friend's bear-claw was nice.I appreciate the organic items. But, if they aren't prepared properly, then forking over twice as much for my breakfast simply doesn't make sense.Simply not worth your money or your time.
3	The first time I came here everything was great the service the salad I ordered everything.. This last time I came for lunch it took us 30 min to get just a simple salad then when the salad arrived it was lacking dressing and the chicken was burnt and dry.. Then when it was time for the bill we had to flag down the waitress to get it, then after 10 min of waiting for her to take the bill we just went up front to pay.
2	Went to dinner last Friday for fish, went against my instinct and ordered a pasta dish instead.  It was horrible, tasted like liquid smoke, purely inedible.  I sent it back and it was remade, still I couldn't eat it, again like liquid smoke.  It was supposed to be a shrimp and mushroom pasta, I have no idea where this flavor came from. I have never sent a dish back.  The server told me it was from the sesame oil.  I ordered another entree and it was mediocre.  I definitely will not be going back for anything other than their fish.  Brunch is ok but service is always slow.  The 2 stars are for the server who handled it well and was pleasant.
4	Would recommend this place for brunch. Great ambiance both indoors and outdoors. Food is high quality and always fresh. Brunch on Sunday usually offers a piano player inside. I also like how they strongly discourage cell phone use inside the restaurant. Food menu is limited from 2-4pm, but brunch menu is strong and is comparable to Graze.
4	I love a sweet breakfast.  Vanilla challah french toast here was just perfect for me. Not too sweet and the portion was just right.  Bananas and pecan were with sweet french toast, right combination.
4	Nice environment! I came for lunch on a Wednesday and it was packed! Lol looks like its a popular place. I got the true food burger. The meat quality was great! They use organic beef. The blue cheese was way too salty! I wish they served the burger on a whole wheat bun..I think I'm gonna come back and try their breakfast some day..
1	Adding to other reviews: the food is really mediocre and the service is really poor. Given the number of reviews stating this, you would think the owners would have an interest in responding. But I guess there are enough west side ladies quite taken with the decor and cell phone policy to keep the place full despite ridiculous prices. I dont get it. Avoid. There are so many other places to spend your money.
2	I have been here a couple of times and each time I have left feeling a little disappointed.  I made a reservation for my most recent visit and although I knew that my friend was only 5 minutes away, the hostess refused to seat me.  It was fine though because I was able to have a cup of coffee while I waited for my friend to arrive.  The food is a little overpriced for what you receive and the place is a bit noisy.  I am not sure if I'd return again.
3	La Brioche where you can eat organic food while dining in decor more suited for a nursing home.  After coming here a few times now, I truly don't get this place.  I instantly feel 20 years old when I walk in-gaudily upholstered chairs, a piano player in the corner, and stain glass lamps on some of the tables. I respect and value the local, organic food scene as much as the typical Madisonian but listing that your water is not only filtered but also fluoride free is reaching too far.  Even if I agreed that fluoride is the next big evil in the world, me having two glasses with my meal certainly won't kill me.Speaking of meals, I feel La Brioche does a solid job in their offerings.  However, their price points are way too high.  A bacon, egg, and cheese croissant will set you back $10.25 and with a side of berries, the grand total is nearly $16.00.  There are way too many other places in Madison that not only deliver on the food but also don't have the decor of a Golden Girls set.
