5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant (and in my general top 10) on the planet. The Spicy Basil Noodles are to die for. When I'm back in the 412, I eat here twice a week.It's very cozy inside, and while there could be table cloths and more stuff on the walls, I never mind. You can't find a better cooked Thai meal, and amazingly enough for that trait, a cheaper one. I crave this stuff often.
5	I haven't found a better Thai place in Pittsburgh yet, and I've been trying.  I can't stop eating their Spicy Basil, which is fantastic.  This is probably my favorite place to eat in the South Side.
5	A friend introduced me to this place shortly after I moved to Pittsburgh. As if the name isn't reason enough to go here (they have merchandise!), they have great tasting food, huge portions, and everything is under $10.Having found myself on the South Side many times, I can say that it's easy to walk right by this place. Very tiny restaurant, and not a lot of signage from what I can remember. But keep an eye out for it, it's definitely worth a try.
4	I love Thai food, and so when I was in Pitt, I got on Yelp to find a Thai restaurant in the South Side, and found this place.  Of course, I was intrigued by the name alone!  I went here for lunch with a friend who lives in town but had not been.  I took the advice a previous reviewer and ordered the Spicy Basil Noodles with my lunch special -- which, I might add, is a total steal: soup or spring roll and entree for under $8.  I was somewhat disappointed given the high expectations from the review.  I found the basil flavors lacking, and thought the dish was generally too greasy, the kind of greasy I expect from your neighborhood Chinese take-out place.  I tried my friends' Pad Thai though and it was definitely very good.  I've had better, but for the price, this place is definitely worth it.
5	I haven't been to the other Thai places in town enough to do a comparison, but I loved eating here when I lived on the South Side. The lunch specials are insanely cheap, like $7 for a huge dish and spring roll. They will steam your tofu instead of frying it on request. The portions are big and the service is lightning fast. It's very cozy and a great place to people watch on Carson Street.
4	Good food but a little stingy with portions compared to other Thai places that I go to.  Best to go for lunch.
3	The food here is good, but not great. I had the lunch special for $5.95, which includes a (tiny) spring roll or lemon grass soup and a manageable portion of one entree. I had the spring roll and tofu pad Thai. The spring roll was very good. The crispy tofu in my pad Thai was cooked to perfection, and the sauce/seasonings on the pad Thai was good, though slightly vinegary for my taste. The service was good and very fast, and you can't beat the price! In all, a great lunch spot.
4	And with this dinner my faith is restored in the Asian community of Pittsburgh -- at least the Thai.  Having been open since at least 2002 -- there is an article on the mens room wall from that year -- it is easy to see why.  When looking for this restaurant, it is very easy to pass it by since it is in a non-descript building off of Carson with small, curvilinear writing on the glass that is somewhat difficult to make out from afar.  I stumbled upon this little gem by happenstance.  The name, while an odd pun, is rather amusing.The interior is straight forward with a modern color scheme (yellow, blue, red, white) that is demarked by the walls, ceiling, and the register.  It is a very intimate atmosphere that exuded a warmth and that I was quite comfortable dining in.  After cruising through the menu, we decided on the following items:Steamed dumplings with tamarind sauceWonton soupBasil Leaf chicken (6/10 piquancy)Pineapple curry with chicken (6/10 piquancy)The dumplings were the first items to arrive and they do not look like any dumplings I have ever seen.  I figured this was the Thai aspect of this dish arising and went for them while dipping in the Black Tamarind dipping sauce.  I wasn't very happy with this item.  The dumplings were somewhat rubbery, the filling had an aromatic that was out of balance and the tamarind sauce did nothing to wed the disparate items.  I tried adding some chile paste to the tamarind sauce, but it did not help.  If you are not used to tamarind, I would stay away from the sauce.  I enjoy tamarind candies and tamarind nectar but still thought that the sauce was a bit odd.As we finished our appetizer, the soup arrived.  It didn't look like any wonton soup nor smell like any wonton soup that I had ever seen.  The aromatic herbs were forefront in anything that I could smell -- yes, this was true Thai.  As I took my first sip of the soup I was pleasantly surprised at how the flavors in the broth could all be independently tasted while being accented with the aromatic basil.  The wontons completed the flavor bouquet in my mouth.  The only oddity about this soup for me was that the noodles had a buttery aura about them.  I still cannot understand why that is.As we waited for our entrees, I noticed that the kitchen door was open.  I watched for a few minutes and saw them cutting fresh vegetables and herbs while putting the fresh ingredients together.  It was finally our time to receive our entrees.  The smell was wonderful.  The Basil Leaf comes by default at a 6/10 on the piquancy scale.  This balances the underlying sweetness in the garlic sauce quite nicely.  The chicken kept its own flavor while picking up the flavor of the sauces as a compliment.The Pineapple Curry was very good.  Normally it comes at a 2/10 on the piquancy scale; I upped the piquancy to a 6/10 for my own personal pleasure.  The flavors were quite good.  The pungency of the coconut milk, the sweet and sour flavor of the pineapple, the medly of flavors from the curry, and the piquancy mixed together danced in my mouth.  I thoroughly enjoyed this dish.  At no point was the piquancy too great to handle.The rice for both of the dishes was a little dry, but at no point was it crunchy.  It is difinitely made to be eaten with the curries and the dishes that are served with ample amounts of sauce.  In the end, we wound up eating for $16 per person and neither of us were able to finish our entrees.  I would think that two people could easily split one entree, especially if they are having an appetizer.  I will be returning.
3	This place is tiny and adorable.   I almost always get the pad thai and spring rolls.
4	YAY!  Made a return trip since my first experience was just so good.  Was really hoping that my first experience was not idiosyncratic.  Wonton soupSteamed dumplings with tamarind sauceThai-me-up wingsBasil leaves with beef {piquancy 6/10}Green curry with beef {piquancy 8/10}Spicy fried rice with chickenI must say, I still enjoyed the wonton soup.  It still had the aromatic notes about it and I enjoyed the flavor.  The steamed dumplings were much better this time; in fact, I rather enjoyed them.  They were no longer rubbery and everything that was so out of balance the first time was finally in balance -- even with the tamarind sauce.I upped my entree to an 8/10 on the piquancy since last time it was lacking that flavor that I enjoy.  I was banned from trying anyone elses food since they were not willing to try mine.  I was told by my friends that their food was good.  The only note of discontent I heard was that my friend that ordered the Basil Leaf with Beef would order the chicken in the future since it had better flavor.My green curry was wonderful.  All of the spices melded together and I felt that the beef was perfect due to the strength of the sauce.  I can already crave that sauce again and will most definitely be returning.
4	Before I left for a year stint in Seattle, Thai Me Up was my *favorite* thai restaurant, well, maybe tied with Thai Place but for different things.  Thank god one of my friends ordered this dish and I found my latest obsession:  Spice Basil Noodles which I spent almost 6 months in Seattle trying all of their thai food to find out it is also called Pad Kee Mao.  It still makes my knees weak.
4	Tried it based on the reviews before me and I was not disappointed.  The food was simply delicious.I would go back without have any reservations.  The place was BYOB as far as I could tell and the clientele was thoroughly enjoying the food.
1	I got VIOLENTLY ill from this restaraunt.  The food is terrible.  I went there on a date, his idea not mine, and we both got so sick off our food we had to leave!  I don't recommend it to anyone.  It's not even good thai food.  So.. it's got a cute funny name.  That doesn't make the food any better.
5	I give Thai Me Up five stars because it is a Pittsburgh staple to me.   Whether it be lunch or dinner  I am a huge fan of this place.  Lunch is awesome and they have a great special (which other reviewers have mentioned) and I like that it is a tiny restaurant with no frills.  It makes it an easy go to when you just want something casual that you know will always be great. I love dinner here because it is BYOB with a minimal corking fee.  I always get the Spicy Basil Noodles or the Pineapple Curry.   It is great, cheap, Thai food that doesn't disappoint
4	I love this place!!  I don't get to go often enough!!!PROS:  Very good foodGenerous portionsFriendly staffIntimate atmosphere/QuaintCONS:  They dont give you a knife!  LOLum... that's the only CON!Really great food at reasonable prices with friendly staff.I *HIGHLY* recommend the "Z U Noodles" with Chicken; its a very tasty brown sauce over wide rice noodles with chicken and broccoli--my Fave!Open for lunch and dinner and right off of 22nd & Carson.Take-out is available (and used often--very busy @ lunch time w/take-out)
3	I don't get the hype. First off, they don't have AC or at least they're not using it. Now Pittsburgh gets balmy in spring and summer and I like my thai food spicy, AC is crucial. The food is okay, they have some chinese dishes and mediocre thai. The place itself is pretty small and showing wear and age.
2	I love thai food and while the waitress was super nice the food was just so so. I'm use to much more flavorful thai food. I also got really sick later that evening. I really want to blame the food, but one can never be 100% sure. I did end up throwing my leftovers away. I got the massuaman curry, the boyfriend got some soup/noodle dish, best friend got pad thai, and her friend ordered their version of drunken noodles. They were all adequate but not "good". If you're looking for really good thai, try Nicky's on the North Side or in Verona.
5	Five stars for the name. :)
5	One of my all time favorite Thai places. Everything is great, but I particularly recommend any pineapple or basil dishes. Lunch has great specials @6.50 for a smaller menu of dishes and includes soup or spring roll. The dinner prices are still pretty cheap (cf. The Silk Elephant in Squirrel Hill) Also the art was really cool when we went.
1	Terrible. Brown, greasy, lacking in vegetables. More like Chinese fast food than Thai food.Verdict: average prices & extremely shitty food
2	Ok food... I wouldnt go back. Not much else to say...
3	Finding a moderately priced BYOB in the burgh was quite the task! In Philly BYOBs are everywhere!! (They even have an interactive BYOB map with closest Liquor Stores listed.) Admittedly, I chose this place because of the prices and the BYOB option (corkage fees are a pain, this was a $3 charge per bottle of wine). Like most BYOBs, this restaurant was small with maybe 7 tables.  The server politely told us the kitchen closed in 15 minutes (it was only 8:00pm, damn.) I started off with the mushroom lemongrass soup, I wasn't a big fan but I tried something new and sometimes it doesn't always work out. I ate about half of the soup then my Spicy Shrimp Salad arrived.  The salad was great! The dressing was a spicy ginger concoction with about 6 pieces of shrimp intermingled. Yum!My friend got a Pineapple Curry which wasn't spicy at all (she ordered a 9 on the spicy scale) and almost bland.  My other friends got Spicy Fried Rice, Chicken Satay and Chicken Curry which they all enjoyed! Pros: CHEAP, BYOB, convenient location on carson, accept credit cards (so many byobs are cash only), CHEAP, decent foodCons: closes early, corkage fee, spicy things aren't that spicyOverall: Check it out if you want a byob with cheap food! If you are going out in Southside BYOBs are a great pre-game option haha...but seriously.
1	Thai me up?  That's the only way you'll get me back there.  Let me get the redeeming qualities out of the way first.  It'll be quick. - very fast service.. But so fast that I'm pretty sure everything is sitting in hot pans in the back until someone orders it- nice people- cheap .. but for good reason.Moving on.  If you have any level of sophistication in taste for Thai food (or any Asian food), just stay away.  This "Thai" food is pretty much on par with the asian place in the mall food court.  Maybe a little worse.   I think I would probably even prefer asian food from the freezer aisle at the grocery store.  If you want Thai food, there are plenty of great options in the city.  Give your business to Pusadee's Garden, Smiling Banana Leaf or Thai Suan Thip.  You'll get something much better than low quality chicken and vegetables drowned in mystery sauce (that I'm pretty sure is 80% oil).  I hate to be so tough, but it was extremely annoying to get such a sub-par meal after hearing good things about this place.  Don't get me wrong, if you don't know anything about Asian food, you probably won't think it's too bad.  But if you know good Asian food, then definitely skip this place.  Don't say no one warned you!
1	Despite the horrible name, I thought I'd give this place a chance. Wanting some comfort food and being stuck on the South Side, I had my mind set on some spicy basil noodles which are just as basic to make as pad thai. It's the other Thai dish that's really hard to mess up. Or so I thought.After being seated and served water by a really weird waiter I waited for him to come back and take my order. Although I was one of two occupied tables in the place, it took him a while to get back to me. When my food came out it looked alright, despite missing the aforementioned basil. In fact, I found only a few shreds of basil amongst the very watery and bland sauce. The only thing I could taste was salt. No delicious chilis, no fresh veggies, no hearty noodles. It was like eating coagulated salt water. Gross. The only saving grace is that the chicken was definitely real, white meat chicken.I would highly recommend skipping this place unless you are literally starving and can't walk another inch down Carson St.
1	When ordering from the vegetarian portion of the menu I asked about any dairy or egg in the basil tofu and told the waiter that I was vegan.  He said that while a few of their dishes are egg and dairy free, they use fish sauce in everything on the menu - and they do not make dishes without it because it isn't authentic.  I asked if there was anything on the menu that didn't have fish sauce in it and he said that they could probably make the fried rice without fish sauce, but they definitely put oyster sauce in it.  He then told me that oyster sauce doesn't have any actual oyster extract in it so I can eat it.  Oyster sauce does have oyster extract, among other things that make up the sauce.  Very disappointed that the waiter was so unaware and unwilling to accommodate.  Menu should be clear that Thai Me Up's version of vegetarian actually includes fish or other seafood.
3	How can I not review the place that bears the same name as my Thai restaurant list? I remember the first time I visited Thai Me Up. After a long day in the office I didn't really feel like going out out.. but needed some food. I'm usually always craving sushi or Thai. A coworker recommended Thai Me Up as some acceptable takeout and I anxiously called for some Pad Thai. As soon as I head over to pick it up, it starts pouring. I mean like there was a tornado warning later that night pouring storm. I was half tempted to cancel my order and get delivery but I'm glad I didn't. By the time I arrive it's so bad that in the 40 seconds it took me to run in from across the street I was completely soaked. When I walked in, the establishment was close to empty and everyone stopped and stared at me like an awkward episode of a movie.But it was so worth it. I'm usually the person that can handle cheap Chinese takeout but likes their Thai a little more upscale. This, however, was a true exception. Perfect heat and it tasted amazing. I've been back nearly every visit to PGH since.
4	First of all, Thai Me Up? The name alone is awesome. I had some dish with eggplant in it. Although the eggplant version was a little extra, it was delicious.The place is a little small and outdated. People coming in had to wait to be seated, yet there wasn't much room for them. Kind of expected on the South Side though.
4	This place is amazing for lunch. I've been for dinner a couple times but more times for lunch. It's a small place and can fill quickly. They've a small but well chosen menu. I love the phad thai. I got to other thai places as well but have not found a phad thai I like as much.
5	Wow! So good! Love the coziness, and the spicy, delicious food. I'll definitely be back!
4	Ok  so I am NOT a fan of asian food and definately NOT a fan of super spicy.  That said...I really liked Tai Me up.   I had the Tai me Up noodles, Steamed dumpling and chicken wontons.   All three were deliscious!  The dumplings had a tasty meat filling with a nice herb flavor (basil?)  Won tons were hot, the filling was great too.   I drank every drop of the broth and ate every noodle.  Thge service was fast and friendly in a small attractive setting.I can't ask for anything more.
1	Awful foul mushroom soup. Asked for eggplant basil zero heat, it came back spicy with 2 leaves of basil! one dead a week ago! Never again
5	I was in town for a conference and went to Thai Me Up with a large group of friends. When we saw how tiny the restaurant was, I didn't know if the one waitress would be able to take care of my group & the rest of the customers at the same time. But she was awesome! All of the food came out quickly and was super delicious. I got the Thai Me Up rolls (summer rolls with tofu and basil) & the steamed dumplings. Everything was super fresh and really decently priced.
1	I had take out chicken pad thai. Easily the WORST pad thai ever. It was UNFLAVORED. the chicken was extremely dry, and this was almost $11! The portion was very small. Even after three tablespoons of hot sauce, this thing still tasted bland.
5	So good, so cheap.Love this place! I had the garlic, chicken, eggplant dish -- my nephew got another entree, plus we shared the fries and satay chicken, all for about $25. Not bad, eh?And it was delish. I truly loved everything I ate here and if I had left enough room, I would have shoveled down an order of the sweet sticky rice. Mmmm!Can't wait to go back!
3	Mmm, thai food. Love it.  As far as awesome thai food goes, I give this place 3 stars because it was truly "A-OK."  Good prices, nice selection, okay food.  I ordered the Thai Me Up Rolls, as I can NEVER turn down a fresh spring roll.  They were fine, but this is no Tram's Kitchen (best.ever.).  I also ordered the Salmon Salad; a bed of iceberg topped with a few pieces of slightly overdone salmon.  My crew of seven ordered a variety of soups, pad thai and fried rices.  All seemed a-ok.The atmosphere is lovely and it's BYOB (with a few corkage charges, etc - no biggie).  Reservations are pretty necessary; at least for a Saturday night.  I recommend trying it out. It's cheap enough that if you're not totally in love with the place, you haven't lost much.  Plus - it's a nice, healthy option before you go gorge yourself on beer (and eventually Southside Steaks) on the glorious Southside :-)
3	This review is partially based upon expectations.  It's not that the food was bad or that I had a bad experience, but I have a friend that raves about how this is the best Thai food in Pittsburgh and I was a little disappointed having heard that for years and it just not living up to my expectations.  The restaurant is very small and the decor is very minimal.  It's BYOB and I, of course, did not come prepared so my wine craving had to wait.  I ordered the Chicken Basil Leaves and did really enjoy it.  I'm a basil lover but for whatever reason have always steered away from a basil sauce in a Thai restaurant.   No longer.  I need to order this more often.
3	We visited this restaurant before heading on to see Snow White & the Huntsman at South Side Works. We wanted some place cheap and different from our usual steak/burgers/etc. fare.Thai Me Up (what a stupid name) is small and there isn't much in the way of decor, but none of that really matters as it is also cheap eats. Altogether we had the lemon grass soup, a spring roll, pad thai and green curry with chicken and tofu and a side of steamed white rice.My rice was soggy on the bottom, which is disturbing when I'm eating out. I can't cook rice to save my life, but, considering it should be rather simple and easy to prepare, it's a little scary when a restaurant can't get it right. The green curry was delicious, but my absolute favorite was the spring roll. This is surprising for me as I hate spring rolls, but the dipping sauce was amazingly good!The lemongrass soup was also quite tasty and very different from any other soup I've had before. My boyfriend's pad thai was pretty good, though we've both had better elsewhere (can't really complain for the price, though).I'm only giving Thai Me Up 3 stars because, although the food was tasty, it left you wanting something more flavor-wise. Some of the items were threatening to veer into the bland side of the specturm. Smiling Banana Leaf in Highland Park was much more appealing, but the location leaves a lot to be desired. I recommend it for better thai food, but if you're looking to hang out in the south side and people watch or go out later, Thai Me Up is the perfect place for some quick, cheap eats.
4	I have to start out with saying my standard for Thai restaurants was set while I lived in Hawaii, and Pittsburgh Thai restaurants just can't compare. However, I thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Thai Me Up.It is a smaller simple restaurant, but delivers with food and service. We brought a bottle of wine with us, which was immediately opened for us ($3 fee for the BYOB). For an appetizer, we shared an order of steamed dumplings. Very good, and the dipping sauce complimented them nicely. As for an entree, I went with the Z-U noodles (called pad see ew or sober noodles in other Thai restaurants I've been to). The dish was cooked very well, but I wish it would have been spicier. I enjoy spice, but was a little tentative since all Thai restaurants are a little different. The spice scale here is on a scale of 1 to 10 (I'm used to mild, medium, hot, and Thai hot). I went with a 5 thinking it would be comparable to hot, however should have ordered a 7 or 8. The server nicely brought out extra spice in case I needed to make it hotter.We had a great meal and will definitely return.
4	I've been here twice and the food & service were good.  I plan to visit again soon.Joe Pittsburgh, Pa
3	i've had really good and really bad experiences here.the first time i went, i had some sort of curry bowl dish and it was very good. i also tried the thai tea which i really like.the second time, they were out of both ice and tofu. it was hot outside and thank god i wasn't a vegetarian.the third time, i got a vegetable dish. the food in general is pretty good, some more than others. the service isn't bad. and neither are the prices. the atmosphere is ok.. pretty small place though. they can be pretty slow too. seems like a better place for take out than an actual sit down dinner, but i'd still recommend trying it!
5	Out in Pittsburgh visiting friends and I wanted to sample the local Thai food.  This place was great.  Friendly, fast service and the food was phenomenal.  Thai Me Up made feel like I was back at The Red Chair restaurant in Phuket.  If your in Pittsburgh on the South Side and feel like Thai give it a shot.
4	One of the only places worth eating in the South Side. The Pad Thai is amazing, very fresh, the noodles aren't that fake orange color. I don't normally like crab Rangoon, since it's super unhealthy but it is absolutely amazing here! The flavors are to die for. The service is friendly and fast, my boyfriend and I were seated right away, and our orders were taken in a timely manner. It's a small place towards the end of Carson street, a little bit away from the bar hustle. The inside is on the smaller side, it reminded me of the restaurants in NYC I used to go too. It's quaint but because of this I wouldn't recommend if you had more than four people. It's great food, cheap prices, and fast service.
2	Very basic / entry-level Thai food.  Funny because they won "3rd Best" Thai food years ago via the city paper(this is before Nicky's and etc. opened. They are probably 10th best, now. : )))  . Theres much better Thai grub to be had in PGH.Better than no Thai if you're confined to the South side flats area but , ...
2	The decor is nice and the service is really friendly, but the food quality doesn't match the prices.The food seems to be on par with food court quality, but it's $9. If you want something quick while bar hopping, this might be what you're looking for.If you want a quality thai dinner, you should probably look elsewhere.
4	I have been having on-and-off Thai Tuesdays from Thai Me Up for five years. Good thing is - they are pretty consistent in flavors and serving size. The pad thai, basil noodles, green chicken curry, and thai fried rice are my favorites. Definitely not your authentic thai, but it is still very tasty. the crab rangoons are a great extra something if you are looking for an appetizer too!
2	I read a bunch of these reviews prior to going here and thought I'd give it a try. I ordered the green curry. I wasn't asked how spicy I wanted it, so I had to tell him. No biggie. He dropped our food off and didn't come back for quite some time. I had to do the ole "wave your hand in the air" to get his attention (something I'm normally opposed to doing). The curry was awfully bland, almost like they it dumbed it down for the South Side crowd. I asked for more curry powder, but he told me they only use curry paste and walked away. I suppose that was his way of saying I don't get any...I guess what i'm trying to say is that this place would be good for a person that doesn't like Thai food. Nothing too authentic, flavorful.
3	Has Thai Me Up gone downhill? I've been to TMU a few times over the last couple years and I always thought that for the price, the food was very good. My last trip to TMU, I was not as impressed.  We called and made reservations for a Thursday night. A friend of mine arrived first and ordered the TMU rolls. When the rest of our party arrived, we waited over 15 minutes for the server to come over to the table and take our order. My friend also still didn't receive his rolls. We ended up ordering a few more appetizers and they all came out together. The appetizers were fine, (satay chicken, dumplings) no complaints there. However, I was not impressed with my dinner. Feeling adventurous, (I usually stick to a rice dish with chicken) I decided to try the Pho. When our entrees arrived, my Pho was presented in a bowl with a large amount of broth. It wasn't very pleasing to the eye as the broth was clear and the noodles and sprouts were white. My biggest criticism though is the amount of beef in the Pho. I would expect to see only a few bites of beef if this were an appetizer but not an entree. The dish was mainly vermicelli and sprouts which would have been much better if the broth it was in had more flavor. I could not taste the garlic or the beef in the broth. Well, I couldn't taste much of anything in the broth. I added some sweet chili paste to spice it up a notch but even with the paste the flavor was very one dimensional. My dinning companions were equally unimpressed with their meals with the exception of the chicken pineapple which had large chunks of chicken and great flavors. If I do go back to TMU, I will know not to stray from my standard chicken and rice dishes.
4	It's been a really really long time since I've been here. I almost forgot about the place. It may have actually been one of my first (or second) Thai places I tried. Although I believe first time may be Spice Island. Irregardless...I was uneasy considering a lot of my friends had only rated it three stars. But the thing is, I was pleasantly surprised! Their lunch menu is super simple. One sheet with about 15ish dishes all for $6.95 AND you get soup or an egg roll (they call it spring roll, but I always consider spring rolls not fried, and this definitely hit the fryer). I've been branching out more in my Thai adventures, so I went with the Green Curry. All along I was thinking I'm not a fan of curry when, turns out, I'm a BIG fan of curry! I'd go so bold as to say I love it now! You know why, because it was delicious here and I love coconut anything. You may not get a lot in that small pot, but at the end, you're satisfied. I had large veggies like broccoli and beans with shrimp I added in. Around 4 or 5 shrimp did the job, as well as a bowl of rice on the side. I loved everything about it. The sauce was creamy and coconut-ty, with just the right spice (around a 4, I'd say. I'm a lightweight). What a deal, right? I'm so excited to go back. Especially considering my friends meal, the spicy noodles with tofu, was also incredibly flavorful and delicious. You've definitely won me over Thai Me Up... I'm just sad it took me so long to come back!
1	The food was on the downside of average and the service was non-existent.  The two waiters really appeared as though they did not want to be bothered.  I really never should have sat down.  I had Thai fried rice and soup.  Nothing difficult.  Needless to say, that was my first and last time there.  The place was not inviting.
5	Yumm. Their pineapple curry has been my long time favorite. Very relaxing and modern environment. Love the new store location off the main drag in the Southside. Friendly staff. Will be here again very soon.
4	They've recently changed locations and have since made there new restaurant a lot larger. There is plenty more seating than before and the new decor is outstanding.I always get the pad Thai when I go here, usually chicken or tofu. It's soooo mummy and sweet. A lot sweeter than the kind I'm used to but so rich and saucy! My mom loves it and she's the reason why I choose to eat there. She works on the south side and is always raving about it and now I know why. We often get the spring rolls as an appetizer which are lightly crispy and full of vegetables that are crunchy and not mushy. Plus the rolls are greasy like a lot of places. If you've never been here it's definitely time to go!!
3	I ordered spicy basil noodles last night and was a little sad at how none spicy it was. I know everyone has a different level of what they consider to be spicy vs. mild but given the fact that a dish is called "spicy" they should ask how hot you want it.That being said she my dish arrived it wasn't as hot a my sisters and by hot to mean temperature. My noodles were closer to warm than fresh out the pan hot but I wasn't too upset. What shocked me more was that I had to ask for extra spice. Like I said there should be a spicy rating for foods that are labeled as such. My sisters pho dish was spicier than mine which left me very disappointed. The best spicy basil I've had was at the green mango. They were definitely spicy and had a lot more flavor. I think I'll only come here for the pad Thai noodles. It's better here for lunch.
5	My fiance and I have been going to this place for a long time. It is hands down our favorite thai in Pittsburgh! I think it has a lot to do with their spicy basil noodles... Which is the best thai dish I have ever had! We may even try to have it at our wedding! :)
2	Out of all of the Thai places in Pittsburgh, this one is the worst.  I know, that sounds rude, but it's how I feel, and I eat Thai in Pittsburgh, and in other cities very, very often.  Thai is my favorite type of cuisine, especially Thai Curry.  Their curry is rich with fish sauce flavor, and that's not a good thing.  You shouldn't be able to taste the fish sauce in a good curry.  Their noodle dishes like their Spicy Basil Noodles or their Pineapple Chicken are all right if you are hungry and stuck in the South Side (most decent restaurants are not nearby, and I live up the hill).  The problem with their noodle dishes is that they are too greasy.  They are typically nice here, yet not as attentive and friendly as I'm used to at Thai restaurants.  It's basically, "hello, what would you like to eat, and then the check".My husband refuses to eat here anymore, so I trek over to Thai Cuisine or Zaw's instead.
4	Parking is tough. Otherwise loving it!
3	I was traveling to Pittsburgh and found a few Thai restaurants. Decided to try this one out. I have to say, Pad Thai was amazing... the Pad Kee Mao, which is more of my favorite was average. Green curry was also average. I had a takeout order so can't comment on the service but if you like Pad Thai, I would go with this place.
2	The food was mediocre and I've definitely had better. I got the Pad Thai and it was watered down liquid on top of noodles. Very bland. Could barely taste the "sauce" and there was nothing else besides noodles in it! You can make better version by buying a frozen Pad Thai in the grocery store.Parking is atrocious (obviously- it's the South Side). The thing that bothered me about the restaurant was I went there with a group of friends before the dinner rush. The dining room was empty and we were told to sit anywhere. The 3 of us took a nice table set for 4 in front of the windows. At the end of the meal, as he was taking our tips/credit cards, the waiter berates us and tells us to never take a table for 4 again or he'll make us move. The dining room was still empty.Go somewhere else - not worth the time.
2	Atmosphere was pretty nice, food was bland, and the wait staff reasonable but didn't try to be helpful. I didn't hate this place, but I can't imagine that I'll be back.
4	I went to their newish home off Carson treat and was thoroughly impressed with the food. I'm not sure if they got a new cook or what happened, but the food was much better the last time I went there (when It was on carson st.)Kudos to the chef.
4	We had been there twice. The lunch price is very good. The green curry is great. Tofu salad is also very good. We like the place. The only thing is it is a little far from us.
3	Good place for a quick Thai BYOB fix. I have personally not had the best experience with the Pad Thai, but I definitely recommend the Sriracha Fried Rice because you know...  Siracha. Wonton tacos are a good appetizer but eat them fast or they get rather soggy.Lemongrass and Coconut Galangal soup are great for a cold day. I tend to think it is a little overpriced for the quality but overall it's a tasty place for your mouth region.
5	This is the best Thai place in the 'Burgh!  I love their Pad Thai. Their Satay Chicken is a great appetizer. Their are a lot of choices and they are all great. The restaurant is warm and welcoming. The decor is simple and cozy with pops of red. The service was great. Our server answered all of our questions nicely. (We tried new dishes which is why we had questions.)Overall it is great food, great service and a great atmosphere.
5	This is the best thai food restaurant in Pittsburgh. Their new location has a much nicer decor than the previous one. I enjoyed the spicy basil noodle dish as well as their chicken stir fried rice.
5	I have been to thai me up at least a dozen times now and it only gets better and better. I always get the pad thai which is my favorite I have ever had. I have also had the steamed dumplings which are great. Don't forget to BYOB. You can bring your own wine with just a small corkage fee. All of the meals are under 12 dollars and delicious. My buddies also really like their pineapple fried rice.
5	We've been going there for many years and have followed them to their new home. Never had a bad meal. Far and away the best Thai food in the Pittsburgh area.
3	In town on business and felt like Thai  I have an all time favorite out near Robinson but wanted to try something new. Had the spicy basil noodle. It is basically large noodles, meat and spice with some fried egg. It is decent but still doesn't beat my regular joint. If you are in the area and want Thai it is ok but I would probably try other places before coming back.
5	I love Thai Me Up.  I've never been disappointed in anything I've ordered there.  My favorite is the Green Curry with Chicken, but I make sure not to get in a rut and try other things.  Last time was Spicy Basil Noodles.  Wide, thin, tender delicious noodle  in the savory, spicy garlic sauce.  My husband got the Thai Herbal Sausage.  It was very spicy, with a very complex and delicious flavor.   We also almost always get Steamed Dumplings that come with an awesome sauce and Satay Chicken.  I can't say enough good things about it.  YUM!!!
5	I never had Thai food before so I don't have anything to compare it to but the food here is awesome. The Wonton Taco's are delicious. I get the ZU noodles with beef or pork and I love it!  My husband always gets the Spicy Fried Rice but he tried the Siracha Fried Rice last night and he absolutely loved it! There is enough food to take some home for lunch the next day so it may seem a little costly but it's worth it!  Very nice wait staff and it is BYOB. They close the kitchen by 9pm (not typical for a SouthSide Restaurant) so make sure you get in before that. The new location is much larger than the old place on Carson Street and they have roll up garage doors that makes it very nice when the weather is, well...good or bad; they can have open air dining (or not).
2	Average food, poor ambience being a bit cramped. The only positive is the dynamic part of downtown this is located in.
5	They recently revamped their menu, keeping the great entree's they already had.  Added excellent new curries.  I know people always get the same thing they first get here, but I would encourage them to try the new ones!  The mussaman (sp?) and salmon red curry are both easily my two new favorites!  I would say this is my favorite thai place in the city!  The place is usually run by only one or two servers as the floor is not that big, which gives it a great feel.  Sometimes it does get busy but the staff is always very friendly.  I would say rude customers get agitated but the staffs attitude about it always keeps me patient!  I love this place and it definitely deserves 4 stars for the food with an extra one for the staff!!!!  I can't wait to go back and keep working through their menu!
4	Good Thai food from the wings and fried chicken wontons to the red curry shrimp and pineapple chicken fried rice.  The food was out in record time.  It is a BYO which is nice. Small serving area but no wait. Kitchen closes at 9 on Saturday night so we just slipped in in time.
1	This place is just not good. Not exactly sure what they are serving. The pad thai was nothing in common to other thai restaurants I have been to. At the very least pad thai should be predictable. Very disappointed. I would only go back if they did thai me up.
4	Really great, speedy service. My pineapple fried rice was delicious, and the portion was big. My spring rolls came out piping hot, crispy, and delicious.
3	This Thai restaurant greeted me with French songs, how romantically irrelevant. Maybe they're going for a more "date night" feel. With such a humorously kinky name, it's a shame that the restaurant is tucked away towards the inner streets of Southside, instead of along the main Carson stretch. If it wasn't for Yelp, I don't think I'll ever discover this place. The restaurant is clean and bright with good service.  As for food, I thought it was pretty average. I ordered the Pineapple Curry Bowl, which is more on the sweeter side of the curry spectrum. It was creamy, soupy and slightly tangy. For a curry bowl, I was not satisfied with the spice level. Kind of disappointed that the waitress did not give me the option to alter that. My eating companions ordered two different noodle dishes, but they both ended up tasting exactly the same, just different noodles. The food took forever to come out, but ended up a bit too cold for my liking. I like my food steamy if I have to wait that long. Portions are average and can easily be finished in one sitting. Prices are double digits $$, but not too bad. I think it's a great place for a date night if you bring your own booze. Overall, I thought the food at Thai Me Up was just okay, not the best ever. I feel like it's more of a fusion restaurant so I would recommend this place to my fellow foodies who are a bit more shy. If you're adventurous with thrill seeking taste buds, I don't think this place will satisfy that wild side.
2	Have been there a few times and have loved the food everytime  until today! today was different, everything was sweet and sticky. As usual the hostess came up to us and asked us about our opinion, on hearing our honest opinion she got furious and said i will make sure you are never served wings and satay again and dont care!!!!!! i was shocked at her response. She took off the charge of the wings, but i guess the way she treated us was unacceptable. Then she goes to the kitchen and bitches about us to the staff and all were staring at us in anger.. Lol!!!! 2 stars for the good food i was served during my previous visits.
4	Very friendly staff. First time at new location and I really like the large garage doors and seating. Great natural light. I had the fried tofu salad. The tofu was very good, not over fried. The dressing delicious. The lettuce is just iceberg. Would want something a little different, more substantial.
2	Be warned, this is the second time I've had thai me up and its just okay. The food is not spicy at all and I ordered an 8. In addition, the food is overly priced. With so many places to eat nearby, spend your money elsewhere.
3	Friendly staff with a really great atmosphere with the large garage doors and somewhat rustic feel. I went for lunch, and the portions weren't what I was expecting-- they were the perfect size for my stomach, though for the amount I was paying, I was expecting a little more. The food was okay, but it was the place and the people that made a better impression for me.
4	I was hesitant, as I don't like most of the Thai in Pittsburgh, but I was pleased. Som tum on the menu, automatic Thai cred. The rolls were good, better than my curry, and the som tum was good. I liked the menu. There were classics and also some creative dishes. I will definitely try again.
