5	Excellent way to ease the exquisite pain of waiting for a table next door at Pizzeria Bianco. Nice wine selection and great snacks to tease your appetite. Chuck is a top-notch wine guru, and Vishaka enchants with her poetic description of the cheese plate.
4	They serve Lux coffee! Definitely a good idea to have a place like this to hold you over until you can have pizza. And the art work in here has always been really good.
4	Easily the best part of waiting around for a disappointing (IMHO) pizza at Pizzeria Bianco.My sister and I parked at 4:15 to get in line for pizza, then we noted the bar and decided to stop in there.  We hung out for a beer and a chat with the bartender at the little bar off to the right of the entrance and found it started getting a little crowded-- it's better to grab something and sit down.But... do not do this.  Not yet.We learned from the bartender that the line for pizza was really a line to get on the list.  We jumped back outside to get in line again at 4:35 and found quite a few more people there.  Tons.Once we had our name on the list at 5pm, we headed back to the bar and got some drinks and just hung out.  I'm guessing that most of the crowd opts to hang outside or wander around downtown Phoenix, because it was surprisingly pleasant and the atmosphere was quite nice.The upside of waiting nearby is, they will come over and call you by name from the waiting list.  This worked out nicely, though I was amazed to find that about an hour had passed by the time they did finally grab us for the pizza phase of the evening.I attached a couple of photos I snapped while I was there.  I should have snapped one of the bar, and maybe another wider shot, but I didn't really go to snap pictures afterall.
4	Charming! I was delighted to find out there wasn't a two hour wait to get served here, unlike next door. *!!rawr!!*Having a bar next door to an insanely busy and popular restaurant where the wait is usually 2+ hours (under the Arizona sun) makes this place essential. Drink a beer or some wine and contemplate if you want to spend a good chunk of your evening waiting in line for a table. I'm only in Arizona for family trips, so there's nothing wrong with waiting in line, passing the time people watching, and maybe getting a little drunk. I don't have any place I need to be.Minor complaint: I wish they served pizza inside.
5	If Bar Bianco wasn't dominated by the presence of its immediate neighbor, with its giant international cache, then this bar would have the most outrageous ratings for a Valley bar.  It really doesn't get any more quaint than Bar Bianco, with their converted early-century brick house, hardwood floors, candlelit alcoves, and old-world porch.Its great to see people just lounging without being in any sort of hurry to escape anywhere.  This is possibly the rarest sight in Arizona.  Moreover, there is a balance of young and old, spread throughout its interior foundations and its courtyard like a discharged honeybomb.  When you take a moment to realize the history behind the square, you sense that the mood probably hasn't changed very much in an entire century.  Being able to look to your acquaintances in closely neighboring restaurants and bars within Heritage Square gives a really cool sense of cultural and social community; this being the second rarest sight in Arizona.Additionally, Bar Bianco makes it a habit to serve savory and rare-ish wines, my favorite being the locally produced Dos Cabezas Sangiovese.  The price of a bottle is pretty reasonable, although if you wait to order a bottle at The Restaurant, it is priced cheaper for some reason.  Bar Bianco also used to serve Quilmes beer from Argentina, but apparently discontinued this practice.  I've been here as both a subservient to Pizzeria Bianco, but also as a leisurely drinker respite from the binds of pizza, and I must say that its one of the most underrated drinking spots in the Valley.
4	Love it !! so much fun to sit around outside and have a few glasses of wine. Very chill atmosphere. Also, I would recommend to put your name in for a table at pizza bianco, then chill at bar bianco..it will be about a good hour before your table will be ready but so worth the wait!
5	I couldn't possibly think about standing around outside waiting for a table at Pizzeria Bianco. So why not make the best of it and come next door to Bar Bianco. A great wine list and an awesome selection of craft beers all reasonably priced! But the big allure for me is the old house that Bar Bianco is housed. Its just an amazing old house that has been lovingly cared for. All the details are still there and you can tell this place had a lot of love in it. The second you walk through the door the place has a just walked into grandma's house, make yourself at home kind of feel. You cant go wrong here..
4	It interests me that this place exists solely as a precursor to the pizza next door. Unfortunately, due to a 3.5 hour wait and a bottle and a half of wine, we didn't ever make it to the 'final destination' next door. But we did have a kick ass bottle (and a half...woops!) of wine and a great cheese plate.We sat the bar and I liked the laid back atmosphere of the place. It's as pricey as you would expect any wine bar to be - but for whatever reason (maybe the house setting or just that specific night or maybe the really charming, down to earth bartenders) didn't appear nearly as pretentious as most wine bars I've been in.I recommend being patient, ordering a cheese plate, and sitting at the bar and asking advice on their wine - they have a great selection.Maybe someday I'll make it to the real Pizzeria Bianco...
4	Teeny tiny bar with a decent selection of wine and beer, and some really unique soda for the non-drinkers.  The kumquat flavored soda was quite interesting~ not overly sweet.  They also carry bubble up!  The place looks like a cozy little house from another era.The drinks and the service with a smile will ease your hunger pangs and soothe your eager impatience.  Really friendly service that will actually make you forget for a while that you are waiting to be seated next door.  Our group was actually surprised when we were called.  Cheers!
5	This tiny little bar in Heritage Square is adjacent to Pizzeria Bianco and is the perfect compliment to the sometimes insurmountable wait at the pizza joint. A date and I were there for about an hour and half while waiting for our table next door. Everyone describes it as tiny and they are right. The bar itself is immediately to the right in a very small room. So after ordering a drink for each of us we ventured into the rest of the "house". It opened up a bit more and we found a seat along some of the windows on a padded bench. After finishing our first round a waitress came over fairly quickly and asked if we needed anything else. More drinks and a plate of prosciutto and another round were ordered. By this time we were able to move to a large wooden table that had become vacant. The food came out and it was perfect. Buttery crostini and paper thin prosciutto. Perfect amount of food to wet your appetite. The atmosphere inside the bar was very laid back and soothing. The prices weren't too bad either. 4 drinks and an app came to $20. Not too bad I thought. This would be a great place to go hang out on any night and not have to worry about a table next door. Our Bar Bianco experience ended when they came and got us for our table. Those nice little touches of not having to run over to make sure you didn't get skipped are great. It allows to just enjoy your wait. Go hit this place up. Again, it is another impressive place.
4	Well, once you hear that you have a 3.5 hour wait for pizza next door, this would seem like the logical place to go to wait it out.  And it definitely was.  Delicious wine, new beer for the boys to try, and a yummy food plate all equaled a great experience!  Service could have been a tad bit more attentive, but it was busy and we weren't that concerned. Oh yes, and the secret drawer....  :)
5	I love everything Bianco. I just went to PHX last week and ended up at Pizzeria Bianco twice - you may think of me as a bit crazy, but I tell you that in all my travels (Italy 3 times and living in NY), there is no better pizza. I enjoy the wait because of this place.. spending 2 hours drinking Peroni's, a bottle of the Green & Red and a plate of cheese is a great way to spend an evening, if you ask me. This place is also about as good as you can get for a date - just not a first one. Fair prices and a great atmosphere.. get there early if you want a seat inside and feel free to read the notes that people have written to each other on napkins inside the small table in the corner of the front room.
1	Well let me tell up front:  We never got to eat.  We changed our table from a Two top to a three at 5:20pm on a Tuesday Night in the dead of summer and that put us into the 3+ hour-wait stratosphere of seating, so we left after two hours.This is NOT sour Grapes because of that.  I said I was going to review the Bar and I am:  The Bar was terrible.  I despise a bartender who is so --whats the word?--spoiled, that she only has to serve whoever is standing in front of her, because business is so good.  Any bartender wither their salt monitors the bar's comings and goings, keeps tabs on some rough order of service, and is rewarded with generous tips by seasoned diners who appreciate having their "turn" honored.  They didn't have one of those bartenders.  The red wine Special they offered at $9.00 a glass had begun to turn, so that could be a reason they were pouring it off on the yokels, they had two tap beers--both bitter--and we had a $52 bar tab, which I know is nothing, but that's also what we got.Let me tell you something All Yelpsters and Bar Owners of the World:  The Bartender is the Ambassador to your business.  That's all you need to know for training and service.  AMBASSADOR to your business.  Wake up, earn money.  A good bartender could have cajoled us to stay.
5	Absolutely adorable!This place made our 5 (yep you heard it here...5) hour wait much more enjoyable.  I think it we had to sit in the same building as the pizzas were being made and had to smell the delicious aroma of others pizzas for 5 hours, I may have gone nuts.  Bar Bianco was relaxed and had everything anyone could ask for while waiting for your meal.  We loved the Arizona wine and enjoyed a tasty plate of cheese and meat while lounging in the cozy chairs in the corner.  Not only is this bar a great 'waiting room' before Pizzeria Bianco, but I would consider coming here just to relax and have a drink.Cheers!
5	Bar Bianco shows how fresh ingredients make all the difference. I never mind waiting for the excellent pizza served next door, at Pizzeria Bianco, because it is always a treat to order some appetizers here. I love the cheese platter because not only are both the cheese and bread excellent, but the additions like raisins and nuts are delicious too. Even though you may think that you need to go into Pizzeria Bianco with an empty stomach so you can have as much pizza as possible, it would be a mistake to not try some of the amazingly fresh and tasty things off the Bar Bianco menu.
3	Like most of the patrons here, I was on the last leg of time waiting for my seat at the Pizzeria.  I found a cozy corner with 2 big chairs and settled in in air conditioned comfort.  I didn't try any of their food offerings, just a beer enjoyed slowly and honestly felt like taking a little nap.  A credit to the cozy and quaint ambiance.  I would definitely bring a date or friends here even if we weren't waiting for Pizza.
4	This makes waiting in line for Pizzeria Bianco to open worth while!I haven't ever sat inside, but it looks really cute!I love that they serve cider, since I'm not a wine or beer drinker.  The cider is pretty good, but very large!  I almost wish it were smaller because it gets warm by the time I get towards the end of it because I'm a slower drinker.  It also warms up quickly sitting outside in line waiting for the restaurant to open.The servers have always been pleasant and I would definitely recommend this place!
3	Well this place is a God-send for people waiting for Pizzeria Bianco.  Other than that, nothing too amazing.  They have a good selection of wine, for slightly above average prices.  Just a few items on the menu, but the prosciutto was delicious!  Unique atmosphere, being in an old house.  Very cute place, but only if you are waiting for the Pizzeria.
5	Lately, I've been very fortunate to visit little gems that Yelpers love!  This my friend's, is one of the gems.Bar Bianco is quaint, cool, hip, suave, and authentic.  We had just left a charity event at Alice Cooperstown, it was Friday night, there was a Sun's game ending and we decided on Bianco to have 1 last drink.  Chuck was tending the small bar and accommodated our group of 6 perfectly.  Ordered a couple of cheese plates, a drink and proceeded to converse with our bar mates.From what I've read on other reviews, people wait 3 hours for a table next door at Pizzeria Bianco, while sipping libations here.  Seriously?  Wait 3 hours for Pizza?  Yep.  Thankfully, the dinner crowd had dispersed and Bar Bianco was not packed and service was excellent.  I will definitely be back soon.
5	I am a total sucker for quaint bungalow style homes.  (I used to own one, a Sears Bungalow, 1920.)  So this adorable bar/lounge had me as soon as I walked onto the wraparound porch and into the front door.  I could smell the character.  This is a wonderful venue for a date, or, in my case, for a small group of friends to gather.  It has ambiance and then some!You know that friend of yours who has the great cocktail parties?  That is what it feels like here when the bartender asks for your order.  No positioning to get to him, no yelling your order to him.  He's right there...all for you.Wow.  I am getting nostalgic here, so let me close with these couple of important details:  1) The wine selection was small but the wines were good, and 2) the cheese/cracker/olive food pairings were quite good.I left feeling that I had just had a wonderful experience.  Interestingly, there is a bar/lounge in Raleigh, North Carolina that I still remember fondly, years later, because it gave me that same feeling.I cannot wait for the opportunity to return.
5	Perfect place to hang out while you wait to eat some of the best pizza around.  This spot has a nice IPA on tap and a decent wine list for my lady to choose from. Overall a night out at the Bianco spots is an evening you wont forget, unless you drink too much. haha
5	The perfect place to relax while you wait to be seated next door at Pizzeria Bianco. The ambiance in this place is thru the roof! Its a real gem, folks. Its intimate, yet inviting. This is the place to get cozy with your date and snuggle with a bottle of wine before your tastebuds explode next door. This joint offers yummy appetizers to munch on with your drinks, or bottled coca cola if you dont drink. (?!?!) Crostadas, prosciutto wrapped mozzarella, cheese platters, and a few other items of delicious-ness are on the menu here. If you wanna impress your date, or try to pull off being a legit foodie, swing by this place!!
4	If your waiting for Bianco or just want a glass of vino and some olives then go to Bar Bianco! This place is lovely :)
5	There will be a wait at Pizza Bianco, and I mean a wait... and yes, it is worth it! So go here for drinks as you to prepare for a pizza masterpiece... Bar Bianco. It's right next door across the lawn like the perfect neighbor we all wish we had. A chill and relaxing place, like having beer and wine at a good friend's quaint and warm house equipped with a fireplace, paintings, hardwood floors, dim lighting and great music! It definitely will help pass the hours you could wait for the pizza (pizza that I would book a flight to Phoenix for). Just make your night about the complete experience and throw all caution about time out the window of Bar Bianca! Just writing about this has me checking flight times!
4	Although most people come here while they are waiting for a table at Pizzeria Bianco, this is a great little wine bar that's worth a visit any time you're downtown.  The interior is very homey and on nice evenings the chairs/tables on the front porch are great for sipping wine and people watching.  The apps are great, the bartenders and servers are friendly and they've got a pretty good selection of wines and beers.  $8-9/glass of wine and $4-6 for beer if I remember correctly.  Chris Bianco recently brought in a chess set and time flies by with a bottle of wine and a good game of chess.
4	Ok, so I don't know how adequately I can review this place, as I only went in to the bar to get some drinks and then sat outside while waiting to go get some pizza, BUT I will try. I went in to the bar last night and ordered a beer and a glass of riesling from Germany. The bottle of riesling was almost empty, so the bar tender just poured the rest in my glass, resulting in a very full glass of wine and a very happy me. The wine was very very good, however I forgot to note what type of wine it was! How dumb of me. So this place was really good, it was convenient, generous, and looked cute inside. The bar tender was nice enough, and I like sitting outside, especially when it's a little cool out. I didn't try the food, but I'd like to one of these days... I wish they put their menu or wine list on the website. Overall, I'd recommend this bar even if you weren't waiting in line at Bianco. PS: if anyone knows what the name of their german riesling is, I would probably love you forever.
2	I'm not really sure what to say about a place that, seemingly, only exists to keep patrons waiting for pizza next door from gouging each others' eyes out in a fit of starvation.I can say I appreciate that they don't try to do their own gouging, price-wise. We had a one-hour wait at Bianco's, and as I walked over with my friend, I said, let's check this place out, but if every drink on the menu is $10 we'll just go across the street to Rose and Crown. Thankfully, draft beers were about $5 and they had a good selection of local brews (Four Peaks) and imports (Stella). The wine selection had plenty of bottles but only a few options by the glass. They had apps too, that ranged from $5 to $15. We ordered the Goat Cheese Crostini ($5), which ended up being a rather small piece of toast but with a handful of black and green olives on the plate too. We split it between four girls and it was just enough to give us a taste without ruining our appetite for the delicious pizza to come. Though no silverware or plates came out with the app -- so we each had to really man-handle that piece to break off a bite. We all know each other quite well but would sure have been awkward on a date or with acquaintances. Service was so-so. Nothing bad, but nothing notable either, except that when we gave the server cash and two cards to split the balance between, we realized he ran one card twice and the other not at all.
3	You're basically "forced" into this bar while waiting for Pizzeria Bianco. The prices need improvement but they aren't crazy expensive and service is kinda slow but I guess that's for the best since you have to wait so long to get in to the Pizzeria. You could spend a lot of money on * Bianco that's for sure.
4	Cute little bar owned by the Pizzaria next door. Good place to grab a drink while you are waiting for a seat at the restaurant. Limited drink selections but a few nice beers that I don't see around too much. I had a North Coast Pranqster, it was delicious :)
5	Best way to pass the time for the infamous wait for Pizzeria Bianco. I had a great time with a friend here. It's a cozy place with a historical feel. Take a look in the drawers to find the visitors log and write something... even read some of what's been written. If you're going to be waiting for pizza... spend your time here. Have a great conversation, enjoy local brews, you won't regret it. Don't give this place impossible expectations ( you self proclaimed "foodies" are killing all the fun!)... enjoy this place.
3	We were forced to come here since we had an estimated two hour wait for Pizzeria Bianco located next door.They have a selection of wine & beer. I loved the moscato but it was $10 for a glass. Beer selections are much more affordable. The ambience is really cute and wasn't crowded.We ordred 1 appetizer which was the crostini. It was SOO small for $6. Two pieces of bread & four olives. Definitely not share-worthy.This is a good place to go with long-lost friends since you'll be waiting at least 1 hour if not more for pizza next door.
5	Hm, didn't realize Bar Bianco had their own review page.http://www.yelp.com/biz/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix#hrid:PvdncjR2V1mDcLIPIGJ73QIn short, awesome rustic feeling re-purposed house, smoking hot bartender woman, relaxed and comfy country style patio, and delicious Four Peaks on tap.
4	They have a small, but respectable beer menu.  Friendly gent at the bar, and a very cozy atmosphere.But..let's be honest.  No one is coming here for the beer menu, decor, or friendly staff.  You're boozin' up waiting for the damned delicious pizza next door.
5	Can't complain! Definitely a nice place to drink while you wait for your table next door.
5	Great place in Heritage Square for a relaxing glass of wine!  I have been coming here for 8 years and have always been impressed.  They have a nice selection of beer and wine and it is reasonably priced.  The old house it resides in is very nice.  I love the wordwork and the built in cabinets.  I liked it better when there were more sofas and less tables/chairs, but I guess it is so popular and they are trying to fit more people in there.  Great place to spend some time while waiting for your table next door at Pizzeria Bianco!
5	Very cool spot with great and friendly service.
4	As someone else said, "If you're going to be waiting for pizza... spend your time here. Have a great conversation, enjoy local brews, you won't regret it." The appetizers are great and I had the most fun in a long time challenging someone else at the table to a game of checkers with a board they had there and bottle caps for pieces. It took us a little bit to remember the setup and rules but we soon got into the swing and unfortunately (if it one could really say that with any meaning) before our game was over someone came over and said our table was ready next door. Bottom line, an easy way to pass the time!
4	I love the feeling of bar bianco. It's a small historic house right next to Pizzeria Bianco where you can hang out and play chess or checkers (They have a couple of sets on the tables inside) and wait for your name to be called to go into the main restaurant. It's got a cozy feeling, and is a really great place to enjoy a glass of one, or a fresh pint with friends before the main meal. They have some pretty good starters here as well. Last time I went I shared the olive bowl (green and black olives with herbs), candied pecans, and cheese tray. All of which were quite tasty. The service is great here, and I always look forward to going to pizzeria bianco, because we usually make a stop here at the bar first!
4	Great atmosphere, fun staff and great selection - sometimes it feels like only tourist use it when waiting for Pizza but us few locals who frequent it feel at home!
5	I loved the bar! The actual restaurant next door? Not so much.
4	Good bar with affordable price and quality service . We stopped for one day in Phoenix  and spent evening here . We are on the way to Grand Canyon  :)
4	Very cute rustic place. love that they have this for your wait for the most delicious pizza in US. had Cascinetta Viette Moscato
5	Yep, like many other Yelpers, I have also come here while waiting for pizza.  I actually like the whole looooooong experience of waiting for pizza and drinking some wine before hand.  My fiance and I usually go through a bottle of wine and maybe more depending on how long we have to wait.  Bar Bianco is a super cute and quaint place hangout.  We have had excellent service here by the bartenders and they are very knowledgeable on the wines they sell.  We tried the cheese plate once and it was delicious.  Other than that, we stick to wine.  This place is great for a date or a small gathering.
5	This "bar" is a model of simplicity. A converted old house that serves more as a halfway house to Pizzeria Bianco, where patrons sip on beer and wine while waiting for a table at the heavenly pizza joint. There is plenty of charm in the setting and service only builds upon that foundation. The wodden porch offers a wonderful perch to people watch or gather around with friends. Each time I have been to Pizzeria Bianco, I have been with a large group - thus making a visit to Bar Bianco a perfect place to pass the wait for a table. And each of those occasions has been a lovely experience, where the wait flew on by. BB features great wine supported by even better atmosphere and service!
5	This little off shoot of Pizza Bianco is quaint and a nice place to stop for one amazing antipasto!! Wow it had fabulous marinated grilled veggies a la broccoli, asparagus, tomatoes, and squash... The bartender was amazing!!  The beer selection is good, both drafts and bottles.  The wine list looked good too!I had wanted to order from pizza bianco, but they don't do to go orders... So that's not good?!!  Parking is... Well pretty non-existent but the valet is awesome, he saved my day!
5	Really good service.  James at the bar made some really good recommendations. The place is right next to Pizzeria Bianco.  So while you wait for a table there, come here for a drink and kick it.They also have a great wine menu, if you're into that.  I guess on Fridays they have a live band playing inside.
5	Great cappuccinos. Exceptional chocolate cake. Although flat with cream. Was perfect after dinner place. Most people are bidding times before pizza Bianca. But a perfect spot for after dinner drinks or night caps and the outside patio is perfect.
5	Stopped in just for dessert.  Their flourless chocolate cake sounds simple and typical, but my word.  It is the most elegant and beautifully crafted flavor experience I ever had so far in my life.  Just go try it.  Thank me later.The staff was personable and knowledgable.    I can't rave about this place enough.
5	We stopped in for Happy Hour before going next door to Pizzeria Bianco for dinner.  The specials included draft beer and a red and white wine. The historic atmosphere is really cool and gave the place a comfortable feel.  The bartender, and future Cicerone, James was fun and knowledgeable in the history of Heritage Square as well as in the wine and beer he was serving.
5	I love this place. It is so much less crowded than midtown.The food has been great for years. Please dont change a thing.Dont remodel. It is perfect the way it is old fashioned great Italian restaurant.They dont make them like this anymore.And it's marvelous for lunch when you dont want a huge amount of food. Whatever you order I guarantee you will love it.Dont skip dessert.
5	If you are looking for a cool, outdoor bar with things to do close by, look no further.  Just blocks from the Saturday Flea Market, this quaint and relaxing bar has great appetizer options as well as a great cocktail menu.
