3	I am, like so many  others am incredibly excited about the new Downtown location.As someone who spends 90% of her waking hours Downtown I will now have more of an opportunity to try more menu options, the new location is just a short walk down hill from my jobbie, job. The decor was simply amazing.  Nicky's Thai has  gold gilded statutes flanking the walls and the sweet aroma of incense filled the air I wish I could have stayed, it was soooooooo warm and oh so cozy in there.  I stepped in during night time and the lights were down low with candle light twinkly throughout , this location is larger then Western ave though a big win for Nicky'sBeing a creature of habit I again ordered the same thing that I have always ordered while dining at the Western Ave location the shrimp red chili, this time spicy #5 normally I opt for spicy #7.For some reason I expected more so much more because of the newness of the location and because of the positive reviews of Nicky's but what I got was mediocre. My shrimp red chili cost me $16 dollars for 5 shrimp and soggy not soft veggies. The sweet chili sauce is really the best part of the dish, it's lip smacking good. Oh to be able to bottle it and have it as a condiment for everything would be awesome. Next time, however I promise myself to just order a vegetarian red chili and save myself the disappointment of having only a few shrimp sprinkled through out. Even though I am not over the moon about the food, I can still see myself eating at Nicky's but I think it would be in my  best interest to try a less expensive dish, like just order the steamed dumplings. Oh and by the way the location is super easy is to find, it's right on the corner of Penn and Ninth. YOU CANNOT MISS IT! It's around the corner from Blush and across the street from Nine on the Nine :)  I do remember this location being a Mama Pina's pizzeria while I was a high schooler on Penn ave. If you google map this joint it will still show Mama Pina's do not be deterred.
1	Having enjoyed the Western Ave restaurant, I was thrilled to walk by and see Nicky's on Penn and Ninth. Wow, they are so not ready for business. We were seated with Lunch menus (at dinner time - we thought perhaps this site had lunch on one side & dinner on the other side so didn't ask) and not asked if we wanted anything to drink - I called the waitress back to request water and ginger tea. Someone else asked if we wanted appetizers, which were listed on the Lunch side, so after a moment of confused hesitation, we asked for the tofu with spinach & peanut sauce (okay). It wasn't until I asked if the curries on the lunch menu were available that they said we had the wrong menus, handed us dinner menus, and then stood there, as if we would be ready to instantly order off the huge dinner menu we hadn't yet read. At that point, with more/different options, we realized there was a different appetizer we would have preferred. I asked about the wild versus green mango curry, was advised to go with the green mango curry, and then was delivered plain mango curry. They admitted the mistake when they came to the table - when I asked what type of curry the mango curry was, the waiter said it's the same as the green curry only without the green color. Hmm. I am happy to try anything, and my friend's dinner was there of course, but I should have insisted they switch it for the correct dish. What I got had no flavor at all other than the hot pepper - and no ingredients other than mango and fried tofu (I'd specifically asked about the vegetables in the other curry dishes, so their absence was unwelcome). I'd asked for a 7 - it made my nose run a little, but I could discern no actual curry taste. I asked for some steamed broccoli to put in, which they brought, but it was mushy - and I still could not taste curry when I soaked the florets. Very odd. I should have sent the dish back and asked for something else - especially since they charged full price for their mistake (and I did not eat even half of the dish - and did not take any to go). They did not offered, even when they saw I wasn't eating the plain mango curry, whether I wanted the green mango curry entree I had ordered (though, at that point, we needed to get going anyway).Very very disappointed with the service and food.
5	I've spent tons of time at authentic Thai resturants in Chicago and San Francisco I have to say this place is AMAZING. Nothing like it in Pittsburgh. Hands down the best Thai. The Pad See Eww, yes please!
4	Got takeout from Nicky's downtown and ordered the Pad-se-ew at a level 8.  Warning to the wise, do NOT order the level 8 if you want to leave water on this earth for others.  While the dish was tasty, I think I made a mistake by ordering it a little above my usual spice level.  The physical reaction I was having to all the chili was overshadowing the awesome taste of the Thai food.  I would say go for a level 5-6 and you can have the kick you want with the awesome flavor.  My go to dish in the Northside is the spicy basil noodles which I have yet to try at the downtown location but that will be my next order!The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was b/c you can tell they are slightly disorganized at this location.  I went around 1:30 pm to pick up my food and the line for a table or takeout was cramped and confusing.  The staff was barely in sight and seemed distracted with other tasks...now this may be due to how busy it was, but I did see empty tables.  I'm sure once they work out the kinks at this location it will be just as good as the Northside.
3	Well. What do you do when the food is as awesome as ever. But the service is very much lacking? I suppose take into account they've only been open a few weeks and give them some time. Believe me, it's not "if" I'll go back, but when!The new joint downtown is beautiful! Nothing like the intimate house setting you see on the North Side (cozy in it's own right). It honestly reminded me of a sleek Asian restaurant you see in Vegas. Don't get me wrong, I think it's very cool, just don't go in expecting the same setting as the original.So for lunch, we hopped in early to avoid the rush. Good thinking Linda W, because we sat down, I blinked, and it was PACKED full of people by noon. We put in our orders and waited patiently. After a while we noticed others who had sat down after us get their meals. We had ordered a salad (that came with your lunch) and it was nowhere in sight. So we flagged down a server and got our salads with pineapple dressing. I was excited about the salad, but disappointed with the small amount of iceberg lettuce and boring dressing. Definitely take the soup option instead!For the main course, I ordered the spicy noodles. I'm lame, so I ordered them medium instead (I know... defeats the purpose!). I just can't handle too much spice... I cry! Two of us got our main meals with one left waiting for about 10 minutes. Again, we had to flag down a server to let them know we were missing a meal. It was brought out quickly (which made me think it was just missed). The noodles were good, but definitely on the spicier side of medium. I cried.. a little. But they were still delicious and I powered through my tears! So after we finished, again we had to flag someone down to get our bill. I really do imagine this is just opening month kinks that will be worked out. But dining downtown is a whole other ballgame. Especially on people's lunch breaks. Unfortunately, you gotta hustle in and out. For the sake of research, I'll be back soon:)
3	Hmmmm...I'd heard so much about Nicky's Thai Kitchen, but never got to the Northside location, that I jumped on the opportunity to hit their new downtown location.  I have to say, the food was everything I'd heard it was.  Flavorful, fresh, beautifully prepared and perfectly delicious.  Clearly Nicky's knows how make their dining customers happy when it comes to Thai cuisine.  A solid 4 stars there definitely. And they are definitely gluten-free friendly...big plus there.My standard for Thai is always Green Curry.  This time I ordered it with chicken.  Big pieces of soft eggplant, crisp snowpeas, al dente green beans, peas, carrots, big pieces of broccoli enveloped in a sweet and hot (I ordered it HOT) green curry kissed with coconut satisfied every expectation I have of that lovely dish.  It came with a choice of soup or salad.  Salad it was.  Iceberg lettuce was graced with a pineapple peanut dressing that I think I could put on everything and be happy.  It was beautiful.  That is, when it finally arrived at the table.  Let me detail the lowlights of the visit.The service is abysmal.  Does it sound like I'm overstating how bad it was?  Nope.  The three of us waited and waited until finally we stopped a server to ask where the salads were.  Immediately the salads appeared on the table.  Were they waiting at the pass simply to be picked up and delivered?  Entrees?  Same slooooooooowwwww experience, but with a new twist.  After an extended time my dining companions got their entrees.  The assumption was made that mine would arrive next.  And it did....10-15 minutes later and only after (again) asking the server.  Some major improvements need to be made in the service area.  Do they need more than 2 servers?  You betcha!  The place was crammed with diners!  There were potential diners out the door waiting for tables to open up.  Unfortunately, the service doesn't come close to the food.  I'm hoping it's just a matter of finding their sea legs and the service issues will clear themselves up quickly.  If not, those lines out the door will disappear quickly...downtown diners mostly have a lunch HOUR to abide by.  PLEASE, Nicky's, let the service match the quality of the food soon.  The only reason there are 3 stars instead of 2 is because the food is SO blasted good! Fingers crossed that next time the review will be stellar for BOTH!
5	Nicky's, one of the staple Thai restaurants that is on everyone's top list of restaurants, has finally moved into their newest space - much to the joy of disinterested downtown diners who were sick of lackluster lunch locations. I had the joy of Nicky's Thai at being only a short walk away, back when I worked on the other side of the river. Now being nowhere near, I would constantly crave food as flavorful and spicy as my old lunch haunt. And It appears I'm not the only one to take notice, the Downtown Nicky's is expectedly packed during the lunch rush - being pretty difficult to get a table between 12:00 and 12:45.Entering Nicky's, the space is comfortably decorated, but larger and less cozy than the North shore location. As far as I can tell, gone is the beautifully decorated patio which made the atmosphere really shine, I can only detect interior seating here(though I will update if I find out differently). The waiting area upon entering is narrow and sectioned off by some shelves - too small for a party to wait, and barely large enough to wait for your takeout to be brought to the front. This is probably the largest complaint of the place - The second group to arrive and wait for a table will inevitably be waiting between seated people as they dine.The restaurant is currently BYO if you care for it, though I expect many lunchers can't take full advantage of that option. Dinner-goers, though, will certainly find a downtown BYOB spot nice - but should utilize it while they can.. A full bar is being planned and the fate of BYO is dubious. N/A drinks are standard fare for a thai place - hot tea, coconut water, thai iced tea. The cost here is reasonable, and depends on what protein you select. For lunch, veggie entrees are usually around $8, pork/chicken for $9, beef for $10, shrimp for $11 and mixed seafood for $12. The menu is quite large,  larger than I remembered at the north shore location. It comes on a two-sided flat board which is grouped into sections like 'Curries', 'Rice', 'Noodles', 'Soup', 'Chef Specialties'. It's difficult to go wrong on the menu, but ordering Thai(or any ethnic cuisine) can be difficult for people, so some of my favorite items are the Green Curry, Red Chili Shrimp, Pad See Eaw, and Spicy Noodles. There are appetizers on the menu, but be aware that each entree comes with a soup(usually chicken and rice) or salad, and a single crab rangoon off to the side. Spiciness is usually requested on the classic scale of 1-10, but I have recently been experimenting with "Mild/Medium/Hot/Thai Hot" for a more consistent experience. I always go with 10 or Thai Hot, and unlike the unfortunate Smiling Banana Leaf, Nicky's is not afraid to deliver - It is not for the faint of heart or delicate of palate. The food is really where Nicky's shines. Fresh and flavorful veggies that are crisp and not mushy, proteins that are full of flavor and cooked to tenderness, and sauces that burst with flavors full of spices and herbs, sweetness and spiciness. Garlic chilies, coconut, ginger, thai basil, and countless other flavors permeate every bite, making each subsequent taste both irresistible and enthralling.I have gotten takeout here a few times with perfect accuracy(8 entrees with correctly labeled spice levels, protein choices, substitutions/omissions, and soup/salad choices) - but it appears that my penchant for spice may have kicked up everyone else's choices a bit by proxy. Be aware if you're going to order a 10/Thai hot dish to potentially order everyone else's dish a step milder than normal.In my opinion, if you enjoy ethnic foods, you've found the best dining option in the downtown area. Look no further.I'm surprised to see so many reviews scolding Nicky's for service before they even get a month under their belt. Initially you could tell they were understaffed at the lunch hour - but I would expect nothing less from a brand new restaurant, especially in a difficult-to-plan downtown lunch area. There now appear to be more servers and the last time I came into the restaurant around 12:50 there were plenty of open tables - so I'll assume they've been fitting meals into a standard lunch hour.
5	Finally the 5 star meal that I knew was coming. I have always thought that the waiters at Nicky's are professional and sweet. I get the feeling that they know they work at a good restaurant. The shrimp red chili just wasn't doing it for me and I eaten that dish close to five times.  It lacked that wow factor that so many other Yelpers had written about.  So on my last visit I had previously promised to myself I would change it up.  I went with the spicy fish basil, spicy number 7.  Talk about flavor.  Here I had found just what I wanted.  The spicy fish basil was one of the very  few Asian dishes I had ever eaten where the vegetables were every bit as good as the meat.  Finding the eggplant in the dish was like uncovering little treasures. Yes the fish was good but the veggies were also phenomenal.The spicy fish basil has it all:  basil, eggplants, onions, shoots, tilapia and yellow bell peppers.  I am sure I'm leaving something out but this dish had it going on!  This was the first time I had ever experienced the herb basil used in a non Italian dish. I was blown away by the preparation . There was less sauce on the dish then I'm use to getting a Nicky's.  So I found myself having to tilt the plate and scrape sauce from the bottom to spoon over my rice. I would as for a little more sauce please.I also would like to mention that dining here on Sunday night was my first time BYOBing .   I researched online what was considered "B" . I got a six pack of tall boys and brought them along as my dining companion.  It went over very well and BYOB is the way to go!  There are many  special touches around the restaurant too.  Here are just a few that stood out to me.  The golden chalice that the rice is served in.  The fresh yellow daisies on all the tables, and the gold flatwear and also I am so in love with the golden Buddhist deity statues everywhere it really makes the restaurant look opulent. I never gave up on Nicky's and I've found a dish that I love. Plus they have the best pork dumplings.
4	Definitely a favorite Thai restaurant of mine. It's always been a worthwhile trip from the East End to the North Side to get some Nicky's Thai. The Pad Thai is delicious.My downtown experience was awesome. The food was timely and cooked great. I was in and out with a coworker in under an hour.   The decor is similar inside but it definitely doesn't have the patio/garden that the North Side has.Side note - these one star reviewers are crazy. You cannot judge a restaurant on service in the first couple of weeks that it opens. Whether it's upscale dining or greasy spoon diner (or a Thai kitchen), there are always hiccups in service at the start. I hope they come and try again.
4	Nobody does a fresh spring roll like Tram's Kitchen, but this Nicky's location comes close.  I had a pre-show dinner with a fellow fabulous Yelper and enjoyed a fresh spring roll and the chicken/mango salad as my meal. At $8.50 for the salad, I wasn't expect anything huge. I was WRONG. The salad is plentiful and amazingly delicious. The tomato was on it's way to rotten and the spice wasn't what I would call a "Five," but aside from that the mango was wonderful and the chicken grilled to perfection. Bonus - when it appeared to our server that I was having trouble reading in the [very] dimly lit dining area, he quickly supplied a mini flashlight. Now that's service. Dangerous having this one block from work..
4	It really pained me to write that 3 star review a month back, but I stayed committed to Nicky's just like Nicky's has stayed committed to good food and service! So after some bumps along the way, I think this downtown location has smoothed things out to run the great business they are! Service this time around was stellar with no complaints!I just can't stop saying how much I love the space in general. It's gorgeous! Great for a date night or just catching up with your lady friends. Funny enough, it's so dimly lit that the servers will give you a flashlight to read your menu! Hysterical and thoughtful.I'm really coming into my own with Thai food and was excited to order the Green Curry, as it's my latest obsession (I know, Thai food two days in a row here!). It was fabulous. The spice level is always a little iffy, meaning you never really know what you'll get even when you order the same level every time you come in. I ordered a 5 on the spice scale and got maybe a 6. I know, not that big a deal, but I was definitely reaching for my water glass!It had loads of veggies mixed with a creamy coconut sauce. I also like that you can order brown rice. This certain brown rice I've never seen before. It's very dark and is actually cooked so that it pretty much has the same texture of white rice. You can still taste the brown rice flavor, but I've never had such fluffy brown rice before. I have a feeling this place is going to fast become my new downtown go to spot. Add that pending liquor license and you'll compete for my dollars with Meat and Potatoes!
4	The myth has finally landed I'm the golden triangle.I have heard numerous counts of high praise for Nicky's on the North Shore, and they didn't disappoint.  Went early for lunch around 1140 and got right in.Staff could have been a little more attentive...  it took 5-10 minutes to get our menus and water, but the food more than made up for it.Pork red curry and jalepeno chicken slathered in their assortment of hot oils and dressings can't be overlooked if you like your stuff spicy.Definitely will be going back again.Update (second visit):  Went to Nicky's for a second lunch with the fiancee after I ranted and raved to her about the food.  Still rather good, however the service was extremely sub-par.On both occasions its been hard to ask for input about the menu, and this time, it apparently landed me with an entree completely different than what I ordered.  The real issue came when I brought it to my servers attention and she accused me of being wrong.I'm torn because I truly do love the food, but on two occasions now, the service has been below expectations.  I'll probably give it a third try and strike option as I still need to try the pad thai.
5	I was in town visiting and was craving thai food.  This place is amazing.  I went with three of my friends and we each got something different.  We were all raving about our meals.  I have tried a lot of thai places and this place is by far one of the best.  I highly recommend stopping here if you are in downtown Pittsburgh!
5	Honestly hands down the best Thai food in Pittsburgh. Great atmosphere, combined with an excellent staff and incredible food makes it a must visit restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I eat here minimum 2-3 times per-week. It can get very busy during the week around lunch.  Mondays are always good or get there early and enjoy the taste of Thailand. Last but not least GO HOT OR GO HOME lol.
4	I never thought I'd get into Thai food, but yesterday was one of those mornings when I just plain ole forgot to pack a lunch.  I was getting a little tired of the typical burgers, hoagies, hotdogs, and pizza slices.  Well a coworker suggested Nicky's and indeed a few of my subordinates order from here quite frequently.Nicky's has some good, reasonably priced lunch specials.  For about 8 bucks or so, you can get a complete lunch with either soup or salad.  I tried the chicken basil with garlic, eggplant, and a whole bunch of Asian veggies too numerous to list.  The chicken was tender, the veggies fresh, and the garlic not overpowering.  I'm normally a soup maven, but I tried the salad with the pineapple dressing and found it very refreshing.I'm not sure if Thai will become my everyday "go to" cuisine, but Nicky's was a nice change of pace and I'll recommend it for our next supervisors luncheon.
5	This place is awesome! I'm a lover of Thai food but, sadly, great Thai food is hard to come by in most cities in the US (as far as I know, at least). I'd been hearing about Nicky's Thai for some time but never managed to make the trek to the North Side for it. So much easier to settle for mediocre (on a good day) Thai from somewhere closer to home in Squirrel Hill. We tried the new-ish downtown location of Nicky's Thai last night and it was by far the best Thai food I have had in a very, very, very long time. Quite possibly the best I've had outside of Thailand or cities with decent-sized Thai populations and some great Thai restaurants (e.g., Sydney).We of course ordered far too much food and left feeling happy and full. The portions are pretty big. The problem is that they are so tasty that you do feel compelled to over indulge. But that's okay when it is so delicious, I suppose.Nicky's Thai is a great little place downtown and is worth checking out. Delicious!
4	Being a big curry fan, this place is my paradise! All kinds of meat cooked with rich spices and delicious Thai-style curries making my mouth watery just thinking about it. Also love their ginger tea and dessert. I took away one star because they put too much potato in the curries and the potato was not well cooked at all.
4	We now have a great downtown Thai restaurant!  We've been there twice and it was really great both times. Last night we had the seafood tam ka soup with a coconut base and a beautiful mix of vegetables and textures spices and heat. Have to pause to comment on the heat. We love spicy food, and this place will make some seriously spicy food. They have mild, medium, spicy and Thai. We got the soup "spicy" and it was really hot.  Not so hot that it blew away the other flavors, but definitely pushed us right to the edge (which I personally like in a first course). I'd recommend that most of our friends who don't enjoy the pleasure/pain of beautifully spicy Thai food should stick to "medium". Main courses were spicy tofu eggplant which was really nicely done, with fresh tofu that was in strips not little cubes, which made it hold the sauce like a pasta, and nicely smooth eggplant. I had a barbecued chicken on skewers served with a really nice vegetable slaw with spicy lime juice Thai fish sauce. Ordered it medium and it was great, the chicken was like tandoori , a little smoky and tender. I'd definitely order it again They don't have a liquor license at this point, and (I'm surprised to to be saying this) it did not matter at all. The decor is really nice, one of my favorites, and a very nice place to take guests when you want them to think downtown is pretty cool. Not cheap, but not expensive,  all combined we have a great new downtown thai place, a new go to choice. Go, keep them in business, they deserve it!
4	Our owners went here with some friends on a lovely Saturday afternoon. Mom almost  invariably gets chicken pad thai at thai restaurants around the city, so her opinion serves as a great barometer for us cats. Dad like to try new things, but also appreciates the standard thai curries. They had been to the North Side location many times, always touting its glories to fellow thai-lovers. Dad got the black chicken, intrigued by the rum sauce and ginger. Dad should have known his own tastes better, as perhaps the strong ginger taste did not suit him. He does not blame anyone but himself...Mom liked her pad thai. Our owners' vegetarian friends ordered vegetarian things, but one dish came out with chicken (often not eaten by vegetarians, but loved by us cats). Our owners' friend was a very flexible vegetarian, as he was ok with eating it anyway. I am sure many vegetarians/vegans would not be as cool about it. The lovely ambiance of the cozy North Side location felt a tiny bit cramped in the downtown location. Our owners decided that they perhaps would choose other Thai restaurants as favorite in the city (Smiling Banana Leaf, we're looking at you), but that Nicky's has always been an excellent choice as well. Thanks! Meow.
4	We stopped here for dinner before seeing the Book of Mormon. It was not crowded which was a nice surprise.Our server was very friendly and prompt. We started with crab rangoon, which was excellent. It's nice to have the house-made version rather than the big-box Chinese fast food version!I tried a catfish dish (can't quite remember the name because their online menu is slightly different from what I actually saw in the restaurant). It was good, although I'm not sure I'd get it again. I know that doesn't make sense haha! Their spiciness scale is just a pinch hotter than I had expected, so my 7 was a little beyond my comfort zone as someone who enjoys spicy food.The space is a little cramped, like there are two or three too many tables in the space. The servers are always getting in each other's way, and it was difficult to maneuver back out of the place. But that's a minor detail.This will definitely be a stop for us before events downtown!
3	After spending a week in the city for a conference we were able to sample quite a few restaurants in downtown Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, we weren't blown away by any of them. On our final night we decided to try Nicky's. The decor was really well done, and the service was very good. Unfortunately, we had one big problem with the food. In a word... SALT. And not just a little too much salt - WAY TOO MUCH SALT. We could easily see the potential in the cooking here. The food itself seemed fresh, but the great Thai flavors (basil, coconut, etc) were completely overwhelmed by salt. We would have loved to give this place at least 4-stars, and we think the food alone would rate at least 4-stars, but all that salt just killed the experience. Hey Nicky, ditch the MSG. Your cooking can stand on its own without it!
5	Love the food and atmosphere. Reservation mostly necessary. BYOB.
5	Went to this place on a whim for lunch. Great food and service. "Spicy" is hard to find around Pitt but this place delivered. I had the pumpkin curry with chicken, friend had a beef dish. Both were outstanding.
4	Tasty, try the banana coconut toll
5	This place has delicious Thai food.  I sampled my favorites -- Panang curry and Tom Kha soup -- and they were spectacular.
4	Gorgeous decor, super chill music. I feel like I should be at the spa lol. I really enjoyed the pork shu mai, but their prices are way off base. I don't know what it is about downtown, that they charge so very much, I guess because rent prices are higher? I doubt we will be back, as I've had similar food for much less elsewhere.
4	Since returning from my trip to Thailand, I like to think I've developed a more discerning taste for Thai food.  Nicky's Thai had been on my list for awhile and was the first place my boyfriend and I decided to try upon returning from our trip.We walked in without a reservation and had no trouble being seated right away.  The place is completely packed with decorations that look like they came straight from a Thai marketplace...buddhas, apsara dancers, elephants, and peacocks in gleaming gold nearly everywhere you look.  It's a beautiful and authentic space that really sets the mood for the delicious Thai food you are about the consume.I decided to go with one of the Chef Specials, the Salmon Mango Curry.  Probably not the most authentic dish, but I was still a little burned out on Thai food (the boyfriend was not).  It was a nice-sized piece of grilled salmon smothered with veggies and mango and topped with a green curry sauce.  The amount of mango was a little overwhelming, which made for a very sweet dish.  I enjoyed it nonetheless but would probably choose a curry dish next time.  My boyfriend went with the Massaman Curry with Tofu.  It was full of chunks of fried tofu, potato, and pineapple and topped with peanuts.  Very rich and flavorful!  I also loved that the curry and rice came served in big fancy golden dishes.The portions were huge, we easily had enough left over for two lunches the next day. I was still a little burned out on Thai desserts, but I look forward to trying their Mango with Sticky Rice and Deep Fried Bananas with Ice Cream in the future.  This is a great little piece of Thailand in downtown Pittsburgh, and I can't wait to bring my friends and family in to experience the exotic cuisine!
4	Great thai place. Good food, expansive menu.
4	I am absolutely thrilled by this edition to downtown.   The Penn Avenue area was in desperate need of some more restaurants and I'm even happier that it was a Thai restaurant and is providing some food variety.   Apparently everyone else in Pittsburgh is just as excited as I am because I can't manage to find a time during the lunch hour when there isn't a wait!   I've gone at 11:30, noon and 12:30 and stood in line every time.   I guess there are worse problems to have though!Every time I've gone here (except my first visit), I've gotten the spicy noodles.   I almost tried something new the last time but then I asked the waiter which of the two options he recommended and he said spicy noodles, so my consistent choice now feels validated.  I will warn you that the spicy noodles are very spicy.   There are some dishes here, where you can order an 8 or 9 and say, eh that wasn't too spicy but the spicy noodles isn't one of them.  I'd stick with a 6 or 7 the first time (assuming you like some heat).   You won't be disappointed!
5	This is a very special place to find incredible, authentic Thai food.  Everything i've tried there has been of superior quality.  The restaurant has an ambiance of peace and good will.  The authentic art work everywhere gives a special feel of Thailand.  The wait staff is extraordinary and this has become my very favorite restaurant. Try the Crab Rangoons, the Mango Curry or Pineapple Fried Rice.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Fantastic find! I'm in town for work this week and next, and found Nicky's on Yelp. What a find! First of all their patio out back is just gorgeous with all of the water fountains, plants, statues, and the umbrellas providing shade. I had their Chef's Special Garprow chicken lad kao and hve never had Thai food I liked as much as this dish. Also the chicken rice soup had wonderful cilantro flavors. I'm coming back next time I am town!
3	The "THAI FOOD CRAZE" has certainly hypnotized Pittsburgh eaters. With this type of cuisine appearing on every street corner next to a Starbucks, the stakes are high to remain on top in the minds of local diners.Our first visit to Nicky's Thai Kitchen, located in Pittsburgh's Cultural District was certainly not the worst experience we've ever had dining.Our party of "9" is always a challenge to accomodate; even with a reservation. We did decline the hosts offer to "separate" the group upon entry. The Server was pleasant, and friendly. Salads that were requested as appetizers came out as Entrees, alos note that a spice level "1" should be tour guided as tasting a "5".The atmosphere is authentically busy & intriguing. The temperature inside the restaurant was "thick", and humid, making it uncomfortable at times to stay and eat.The Taste & Quality of the Food is extremely fresh, I highly recommend the Curry Salmon with Fresh Pumpkin. Request a -5 if your not into spice;)This Restaurant rating receives a RAW HOG 6/10.http://www.rawhogs.com/2013/06/30/the-lowdown-on-nickys-thai-kitchen-cultural-district/Xo,The Raw Hogs
4	Nicky's used to be my little secret.  But with a creative menu and a stunning garden, Nicky's has really taken off.  It's a little harder to get a table there now, so it's smart to make a reservation these days.  I have had many wonderful meals here, the food is very good.  I particularly like the mango dishes, the scallops, the spring rolls and the curries.  Excellent Thai food in a beautiful setting.  I recommend that you eat outside, the garden is stunning.
4	Comparing this place with smiling banana leaf, I think Nicky's has more intimate and romantic setting and price is also a little higher. Both places have good tasting food, but at Nicky's the presentation of food is a little better.
5	Curry and tom yum kai soup were superb.
2	Noodle dishes....not so good.  After hearing a few friends rave about this place, I decided to give it a go.  These people are no longer my friends.When it comes to thai places, you can do better.I give it 2 overrated, stinking liars out of 5.
5	Went here for dinner with my husband and some friends last night.  I think I had tried the North Side location a few years ago for lunch, but it wasn't very memorable. My husband and I both could not resist the Pad Thai combo which comes with shrimp and chicken pad thai, 3 skewers of chicken satay with accompanying sauces, tom kha shrimp soup, and two dumplings.  I ordered it at a 10 while my husband ordered his Thai hot.  The waiter was very concerned that it would be way too hot for us, but I am happy to report that the 10 was actually a 10! Most places I can order a 20 and still need to add chili.  Here the sauces were flavorful and hot! The Tom Kha was amazing!  The service was great and the drinks were constantly full. We will definitely be returning!
4	I'll be honest, as much as I like saying "I'm a big fan of authentic Thai food" I have no idea what authentic Thai food tastes like. However in my mind, I imagine this has to be pretty darn close to what they offer at Nikki's!I've ordered take out twice and each time thought it was excellent! I started ordering curry dishes a few years ago when I decided Pad Thai was probably too safe a choice. Since then I've had it all over the city and I can say Nikki's is probably one of my top choices. They also don't hold back when you ask them to spice it up. I'm a fan of extremely hot dishes. On my first order with Nikki's, I went with a medium spice....it was way to mild for me (although it put my wife's mouth in pain for the rest of the day!). Today, I went with the hot and it was definitely kicking. Next time I think I'll try the extra hot and make myself cry home.While I haven't had a chance to sit down inside, the restaurant looks very cool. Plenty of Thai paraphernalia all over the place and brought back some great memories of being in Asia.....or at least the Asia section of Disney World's Animal Kingdom (although I'd like to do the real thing soon).Anyway, the moral of my story....go try it and don't play it safe with Pad Thai, they've got a lot on the menu that looks awesome!
5	Best Thai food I have had in Pittsburgh.  Actually one of top 5 restaurants I have been to in Pittsburgh.  Vegetables in the dishes were cooked perfectly as in they were still crispy and bursting with flavor.  I had the Spicy Basil Fish and the sauce was delicious.  Portions are also pretty large and quality of ingredients used is high.   I was furthermore impressed with the excellent service and nice ambiance.  My water glass was almost always full.  I have had a lot of Thai in Pittsburgh that is decent but this was the first Thai that was truly good.   Deserts are also amazing, homemade, and large size for the value.  Whenever I go to Thai or Indian, I always order an 8.  Usually the 8 is not spicy.  I respect this place for actually making an 8 spicy and not totally degrading the value of a true 1 to 10 scale.   (This however should be a warning that if you are not a fan of spice, order a lower number than you are accustomed to.)   Restaurant is also very accommodating to Vegetarians and Vegans.  If you want good Thai in Pittsburgh, this is the place.
5	Great food, nice staff, decorative dining room. The staff was helpful in navigating the menu and the kitchen did a good job of getting each party member's level of spiciness right. The appetizer sampler was great, and the entrees were delicious. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes Thai or wants to try it.
5	Anytime I visit a new area I always look out for the best Thai Restaurant in town.  I was recommended to try Nicky's where I was pleasantly greeted by the hosts in a small and very cozy environment.  The amount of people inside and the atmosphere really set the tone for a great meal, I felt.  I know these things don't play into the food being good or bad but when I think of my favorite Thai Restaurants, Nicky's felt like part of that group simply based on appearance and atmosphere.  I ordered the Duck Curry at a 10 spice level (along with a local brew) and was given a very large bowl filled with duck, pineapple chunks, cashews, and plenty of other ingredients that flavored the curry to perfection.  I mixed in my white rice and dug in.  The Curry was incredible.  The spice was perfect for my taste, the duck was well cooked, and the pineapple chunks burst with flavor every time I bit into one.  The portion size was certainly enough to fill me up as I unfortunately even had to leave some behind.  While I can't say for certainty if Nicky's is the best Thai I have had, I can say it is within the top three.  I would put this toe to toe with my favorite places in New York and LA.  I was very, very impressed.
5	Exceptional food, gracious service, and a great atmosphere.  Truly a gem, highly recommend the pineapple curry with a Thai Island Iced Tea :). Nicky's was recommended to us when we passed through Pittsburgh, we will be stopping in for lunch on our way back...we might have to order some extra to bring home too.  I'd like to consider myself something of a connoisseur of Thai food having eaten at many restaurants across our fine nation and in Thailand--Nicky's has hands down the best curry I've ever had.  I really wish it were close to me.
4	Excellent!!! Nicky's is now my go to spot for lunch time Thai!5 Senses Review:Sight: 7- Beautiful Thai decor, I love the Buddhas.Sound: 8- a high number here is not good. It is difficult to hear and be heard.Smell: 8- deliciouness everywhere. Touch: 5- except for some items you are using your utensils. Although the forks, knives etc. are a cool bamboo inspired shape.Taste: Good range of spices (common of thai places) a 1-10 scale. and the tea was great.I have been here twice now and have liked it more the second time. I wrote a tip before to make sure you get there early if this is for lunch. The place fills up FAST and they do not take reservations at lunch. The combo of it being crowded and no reservations almost made me go to a 3-star, but the food is just to good. Couple that with fast and polite service I chose to keep the 4th star. If you are in downtown and having lunch with your boss, colleagues or wife, the fast service is nice. Time is of the essense after all in coroprate America. I ordered the beef basil at a 6 level of spicy. I do wish thai places had a standard here in regards to spice because F me I was sweating!!! Yet it was still great. If you like pad thai, you cannot go wrong here. However, there are other great items. Be brave, you will not be disappointed.  Even though the food was great, be midful of the crowd. If you are with a group be sure to leave enough time to wait (unless you get there early).One thing I have trouble with are the use of tv's. For whatever reason I don't like them in places meant for people to be engaged with one another. Leave that for the bars where no one cares to talk.Over all, nice people and great food and affordable. Another great part.
5	Quite probably the best Thai food I've ever had. The Crab Rangoon is super creamy and exquisitely tasty. The Tom Yum soup lived up to its name with perfectly cooked fresh veggies and tender chicken. The true gem here for me is the Massaman Curry - delightfully peanut-buttery with great consistency and tons of flavor. The service was spot on, and the ambiance pleasant, if maybe a little on the loud side. ... and the serving dishes made me feel like a KING.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It is right down the street from my work and it is fast and not expensive.  You don't always find Great Places to eat for lunch in downtown that are affordable but this PLACE AAAA+++++
5	Such a find...great food, perfect service, and a dozen different "I'd like to try that next time" things coming out of the kitchen." Would definitely repeat. The appetizer platter for 4 is a great value.
5	Thai tourism should blame this place for not wanting to make subsequent trips to Thailand. Having visited Thailand, the food out here gets as good as the real stuff. I could imagine myself back on the Koh Samui island. Being a vegetarian, this place has amazing options. Please do yourself a favor and get the Tom Yum soup pot. The flavors will turn you on and get you crazy! Also Singha beer is the thing! Go for it!
5	Just finished my soup and grilled squid appetizers. I don't need to wait for the main course to give my review. Something horrible would have to happen to lower my opinion opinion here.Got the pumpkin curry. I swear I teared up. Please come here. So good...so good.
5	Absolutely five star food. So many options, even for the non adventurous. I love all the curries and the house salad is to die for. The decor is fun. Even the gold plates and silver wear help set the atmosphere. My only criticism is the service isn't the quickest.  Very friendly and helpful, but not somewhere id stop on my lunch break with more than one or two colleagues. Anything larger of a group seem to slow them to a crawl. Also, later at night service becomes slower as the night goes on. Still a place i'm very happy to return to and recommend it to any foodie.
2	I love thai food and it tends to be my "go to" when traveling. Not only was Nicky's subpar--- they charged $1 for hot sauce. WWHHHAAATT?$1 for a extra sriracha? You can buy the entire bottle for $1.89. Lame and marginal food.
5	Once again, I move from Pittsburgh only to make a weekend trip back for a Breast Cancer Volleyball Game to find another great gluten free Thai place. Its downtowns so be ready for traffic and crappy parking-if you are from Pittsburgh know already know this-if you are not-be patient!It was a saturday night and we did not make reservations-we actually were planning on going somewhere else that had a long wait so I hopped on this wonderful world of YELP! And found Nicky's. They sat us right away, the space is VERY small and cramped, you will be getting to know your neighbor very well. The menu is extensive, I was overwhelmed and stuck with the same thing I always get, as did Jason. All my sensories were overwhelmed by the menu, the hustle and bustle and the amount of people in this tiny place!Jason got sake and I got the jasmine hot green tea. Both came out quickly. The waiter was not 100% certain of the gluten items they had so he waved another waiter over to help. She knew the menu well and informed me of some things I could and could not have. We started with the crispy peanut tofu-I loved it, Jason was not sold. He is not used to tofu though (the texture canm be different for some people). It was a large portion, I probably would have been full and content with just that. But of course I had to order my ever trusty red curry! Its probably the best curry I have ever had. I loved the presentation of the food (gold bowls and plates). The portions were very large, I took home enough for two more meals. I did have to ask for extra rice, they skimped on that. There was an extra charge for more rice. I ordered mine hot (6), and it was perfect! Many places do not get their levels right, this place has no issue. It came with peppers, eggplant, peas and chicken in it. They have other protein for it if you wanted something different. My curry was loaded with ingredients, again you don't see that often. Jason ordered the pad thai (this is his go to as well). He doesnt do well with spicy so he got mild. It was perfect temperature for his NY/Canadian sensitive mouth. (they don't know what spicy is). (level 3)His had great flavor, sometimes thai can be very bland-this was not even close. It has an authentic flavor-he ordered shrimp with his. They were larger shrimp, not the little baby shrimp you see most places. The price was somehwat up there, I think our meal came to about $50.00 for both of us. I didn't have to ask for a refill once on my drinks-the service was that good. I could not believe the amount of people who were working such a small place, but they really are on top of things. If you read my reviews you know I am HUGE on customer service. This place does not disappoint on any level. I can't wait to go back to the  Burg' and eat here in April.
5	Back home I have my favorite Thai restaurant with my favorite meal. The seafood spicy noodles was way better than what I enjoy so much at home. We also had the calamari as an appetizer, also excellent.
5	Chicken mango salad with Thai iced green tea, best meal in the last year. Definitely Ty this place out if you're in the area!
5	One of my favorite places downtown.  Great atmosphere.  Great staff.  Very good food.  Living downtown is a treasure for your taste buds.  There are tons of options, and many are excellent.  Nicky's is our go-to place for Thai though!  Food is fresh and well seasoned, and also very reasonably priced.  It's right in the middle of the Cultural District so a great place for people coming in for a show to grab some great food.  Can't recommend this place enough!A few tips:  Make a reservation if it's a busy night in the theaters and on weekends.  They also tend to go on the spicy side, so a '5' at Nicky's is an '8' at most places.  Consider yourself warned!
4	I was so excited to finally go to Nicky's, and it pretty much lived up to my expectations. The only reason I didn't give a 5 is because I don't know that the Thai was any better than a place, like Thai Spoon in Dormont (shout-out!), but with much higher prices - hence my 1 star drop.I had the Pumpkin Curry with Chicken and I would get it again a million times. I've been on a huge pumpkin kick, but the best part is that pumpkin curry is not as "earthy" or autumn-tasting as something like a pumpkin pasta. It's a good change. Mild was the perfect amount of kick for me.I personally loved the environment. It's not quite gaudy, but it's close and I have no complaints. All the shine and large decor on top of purple walls somehow actually makes me feel warm and I thought it was a nice change of pace for a downtown stop.By all means, this place will be a downtown go-to spot!
5	As big fans of Nicky's North Side location, we were pretty optimistic that their new(ish) downtown location wouldn't disappoint. Simply put...it didn't.The vibe is definitely more "downtown" and upscale, but the service and food are equally excellent. This location has a liquor license, and we were surprised at their reasonable prices on many of the alcoholic beverages. The menu looks a bit different, but is nearly identical to the North Side location.Similar to the Western Ave. Nicky's, this location gets crazy busy, and the layout has even more tables crammed into a fairly small space. Be prepared to get a little cozy with your neighbors.Overall, we were really pleased with every aspect of our experience, and will likely be back soon. The food standards were on par with their other location, and it was nice to see some of their top waitstaff from the North Side working downtown!
3	Food is always fresh and the atmosphere is warm and comfy.  My only issue is that the the waitstaff will serve you at random.  One guy for drinks, one person for food, one to bring the check etc.  It gets a little hectic and unorganized.  Peace!
5	Some if the best thai food I've ever had. I lived in DC prior to moving to Pittsburgh May 2013. I try a new restaurant every weekend and haven't visited a place twice since I've lived here, except Nicky's! Which I've visited 4 times. Phenomenal food. Dishes I've never seen before and dishes everyone is familiar wish. I recommend the catfish, but it's seems you can't go wrong with anything.
4	This was my first foray into Thai food, and Nicky's has me hooked. The atmosphere is great, staff is pleasant, and the food is delicious. I was impressed by the low costs and quality and authenticity of the food. I can see why this place comes highly recommended.
4	Great food, ambience, service.Con-  Charge extra for steamed tofu, brown rice add does not accept Amex
5	Excellent service and food, and prompt without making you feel rushed. Ate here for lunch, group of 5, when in town for a conference. There was a line out the door but a hostess quickly came outside to take names and clarify that the wait would only be about 10 min. Which it was. Ordered red curry chicken which came with a choice of soup or salad. Also a Thai iced tea. Everyone at the table was pleased and the server was also sensitive to our time constraints for the lunch hour.
4	Very nice decoration and food was good too. Try the coconut sake, it's very silky
1	It has been a while since I've been ignored in a restaurant based presumably on the color of my skin, thanks Nicky!The frail hostess with the long ponytail had us wait at the concierge for 7minutes and only after I walked up to her and asked to be seated were my husband and I acknowledged.Hey, they cannot know that I'm working on my graduate degree at Harvard and my husband and I are in town for an academic conference being held at the Westin.I guess to them we look like potentially poor tippers, not a former restaurateur and current grad student and an academic.Hey, I guess we got profiled, in their defense,we are the only chocolate chips seated for lunch ...Maybe that makes us....Invisable???I never tip less than 30%, today it'll be 0%.
5	Best Thai in town and staff is top notch. The tofu with baby eggplant is out of this world. I love the spring rolls! Definitely recommend! Also a fanastic vegetarian option.
3	We went to Nicky's for a Saturday afternoon lunch before heading to Homemade Arcade. It was very busy. We were deceived by being seated so quickly...our actual meal took FOREVER once we got to the table. Our waitress was very sweet, but seemed new and not able to answer some questions we had about prices or certain menu items. If you don't know, that's fine, but maybe offer to go ask someone who does instead of just guessing and leaving us no more informed than before! She took our drink order, brought them out and then left us to decide on our meals. I have no idea where she went because it was a REALLY long time before she came back over!When the food finally came out, it was just ok. We ordered Crab Rangoon as an appetizer and while the flavor was there, the shells were completely soggy which was a huge disappointment. The other server who brought out our food apologized for the delay and thanked us for waiting. I ordered a dish with thin rice noodles, shrimp and veggies in a garlic sauce. It was average. The shrimp wasn't very flavorful and seemed to be thrown on top of the platter rather than seasoned and cooked with it. My boyfriend ordered soft shelled crab and again, the flavor was there but it was another soggy disappointment. Two dishes that went over well were the green curry and a tofu stir-fry with wide rice noodles and a dark soy sauce. Each order came with thr option of a salad with pineapple dressing or chicken noodle soup. The salad was ok. I had a bite of my friend's soup ans would have preferred that. It was reasonably priced for lunch, it came to about $15 per person. We got a good portion of food for a god price, so I'd probably give it another try.
5	My husband and I have been wanting to try either of the Nicky's Thai Kitchens for over a year now. Our one attempt to try Nicky's in the North Side was on a Sunday, which we quickly discovered is not a day that they are open. I work Downtown and decided on Monday that I was going to finally try the newer location of Nicky's just a 7 minute walk from my workplace. Well, this would've been a great idea if it wasn't about 20 degrees outside with an even lower wind chill. However, I somehow innately knew that Nicky's would be worth the (extremely cold and face numbing) effort to get there. I got back to my office and opened up my $8 Pad Thai to-go lunch. I had selected the side salad to go along with my meal... and it made me laugh. It was in the tiniest takeout container I had ever seen and contained 3 pieces of lettuce, 2 chunks of pineapple, and even smaller portions of everything else. I must admit it was tasty though! My recommendation? Save the cost of the teeny to-go container and offer a larger version of the same side salad for +$2-3 that contains some substance. Now let's get back to the important matter... the Pad Thai. I consider myself a snob about just a few dishes, and Pad Thai is one of them. If going to a Thai restaurant, I order Pad Thai about 90% of the time. If the Pad Thai is too bland or not sweet enough or contains too many bean sprouts or too little meat, I am not interested in returning to the restaurant.....Nicky's Pad Thai was the. best. Pad. Thai. I. have. ever. had. I sat at my desk listening to my Monday conference call inhaling the delicious noodles, the perfectly sweet and mildly spicy (the way I like it!) sauce, the crumbled peanuts, the large chunks of green onion, and the scrambled eggs mixed throughout the dish. This is Pad Thai heaven. To top it off, my meal had a little Crab Rangoon on top, which (behind Pad Thai) is one of my favorite Thai foods. Needless to say, I'll be back for lunch often and can't wait to bring my husband as well.
4	I would give it a 31/2 probably. With the plethora of Thai places in pittsburgh, I was expecting a little more than average when I went there. The food was decent, but nothing like what I haven't had before.There were 6 of us and we had ordered 5 dishes, with 2 more servings of rice, everyone was pretty full. I really really liked the duck dish that we got (it was gingery, forget the name though). The mushrooms were really good in both the chicken and the duck dish (couldn't say the same about the chicken). The pad see eww( I never order pad thai, i usually get this instead so I judge places by how they make these), was ok, a little on the saltier side, but still decent (we had got the vegetarian one so dunno how the meat ones would fair).All in all, a good place, I would like to go again sometime. I was  glad it was open on christmas eve.
5	I love this place. I've been there about 5 times and every time so pleased with my meal. Everything that I've tried has been awesome. The atmosphere is great and the prices are totally reasonable. I love this place!
3	I tried a bunch of different things....but wow, they were all very, very salty. I have a high salt tolerance but it was even too much for me.
2	food was ok.  satay was not fully grilled and was spiced for American taste   (not authentic)when we asked to grill the satay longer the waiter was happy to do so but brought back the same food, charred, and with the skewers burned which gave the meat a charcoal feel and tasteSuggestion:  when something is off clearly, remake and comp the item for goodwillvegetables and beef quality were poor   you could see the color and texture were off before tastingpineapple fried rice was good however
4	Coming to Pittsburgh from the West Coast a couple of years back I have been desperately seeking authentic Thai food. I'm a deep lover of Pad Thai, Thai ice tea, curries, and well if it's Thai food I'll eat it. Unfortunately time and again I have had my hopes crushed with subpar wannabe "Thai" food.Then a change of pace... I moved to downtown next door to Nicky's and my faith in humanity was restored. Nicky's is more than just thai food it's the real deal it's THAI FOOD!!! The servers are friendly, polite and helpful. The atmosphere is spot on it's like being transported to a shop in Thailand minus the 150 degree temperatures. If you don't sit at the front of the restaurant with it's large windows looking out onto the fun Penn Avenue scene you wouldn't know you were still in the confines of Pittsburgh, PA.Their food is phenomenal, service superb, and ambiance enjoyable. I'll be going back there as much as I can and if you're downtown don't miss out!
4	Everything I've tried on their menu has been excellent. They get ridiculously busy during lunch, so make sure you get there by 11:30 if you don't want an hour long wait.After trying almost everything on their menu, I keep coming back to Garprow Pork Lad Kao. For around $9, this dish can't be beat. It has flavorful meat, rice, egg and some greens. The steamed dumplings make for an excellent appetizer, and the dipping sauce they serve with the dumplings is very well done.My only gripe with this place is the inconsistency in their 1-10 spice scale. A 9 tastes like 6 one day and 8 the other. I just gave up and started ordering 10. Maybe I should try 'Thai Hot', but I don't think my colleagues will appreciate that ;)
5	I love this place. I've tried a few things here, and I've loved basically everything. I went there last night and waited for 45 minutes for a table. The hostess came out and apologized every 10 minutes, despite having already told us that we'd wait for around 30 minutes, which I thought was pretty wonderful service. After being seated, she gave our group some complimentary Crab Rangoon for the wait. She asked us to order, we got another appetizer, and the food was out very quickly after finishing our 2nd appetizer. I had the Pumpkin Curry, and it was delicious, and a lot of food. I brought it home the next day and ate it for lunch, and it was still so delicious. I'm excited to go back to this place. I'm excited to try as much of their food as I can.
3	The food was average and it didn't wow me. I've definitely had better Thai food in Pittsburgh, and it's a pretty chaotic restaurant (buncha tables close to one another, super crowded & noisy)
4	Many great choices, including vegetarian options. Flavorful but not nuclear-spiced food. Charming interior and reasonably priced. Win. Win. Win.
5	Great food, great service. I always leave with a full stomach !
4	Great service and great food. The spicy peanut chicken is awesome. Great price for the portion size in my opinion. Decent bar choices and excellent menu.
5	This place was awesome!  I told them I was vegetarian and they were very helpful.  I got their veg fried rice and spring rolls and both dishes were good. I thought the rice wouldn't spicy enough and the waitress told me medium would be spicy. She was right! It was perfect. If I ever come back here I would definitely come here! The staff is very friendly!
4	Had a great meal. The green curry chicken was very tasty and well presented. With soup it was a good lunch for $9.The decor is a bit much. Imagine a TGIF, but replace the old license plates with Buddha heads.Highly recommended if you are looking for a quick and spicy meal on Penn.
3	Solid meal well-prepared. I enjoyed a mild scallop dish with excellent coconut milk, potato, pineapple sauce. My colleagues had a duck dish (very good), red snapper (ditto), and a vegetarian dish that was FAR too spicy. In general the spice levels seemed uneven given that three of four people ordered "medium". (I ordered mild and  mine was in fact mild.)Service was not super fast, but not problematically slow. Cheerful server, very flexible and willing to put the check on two credit cards. I would go back!
4	Nicky's is good Thai food. Not a BS restaurant. They do a very good job. Best Thai in Pittsburgh IMHO. Go here, be happy.
5	I eat in here or get takeout usually once a week. When I think of Thai food in Pittsburgh, Nicky's is the first place that comes to mind. Their out back area is serene and a nice lunch hour retreat. I love so many dishes here it's hard to pick a favorite. Eat here. You can't go wrong.
5	Anyone who says Nicky's Thai isn't the best value downtown is a bold faced liar. Any dish stands up to the best Thai food I have had anywhere and especially in Pittsburgh. You can complain about the lunch rush or small dining area all you want. Shut your trap unless you have another samosa to cram down your gullet. The waitstaff is accommodating, friendly and knowledgeable. Now, who is up for a saki bomb?
1	I came here with a friend and expected to have a great experience - as we have never been let down by Nicky's before. I had ordered a noodle dish that came back severely undercooked and when it came back it seemed like they had mixed my old noodles with fresh ones because half if my noodles were still undercooked. My friend got one of their entrees and the first time she was served it was the wrong protein, the second time her order was incorrect. After sending it back the waitress came over to tell my friend that she was wrong and then we proceeded to wait almost an hour for her food to come back. At this point we asked the waitress to take her meal off the check and were still treated with sarcasm and rudeness. Bottom line I will not be returning to this location of Nicky's, I will only support their northside location
4	First time here. It was really good. Small crowded place. Decor is awesome. We had as an appetizer fresh spring rolls and crispy egg roll. Both delicious, fresh spring rolls are in are rapped with rice paper and have a price of tofu in the middle with the vegetables. I'm not big on tofu but the spring rolls are good. Look like sushi when they bring it out. The crispy egg rolls were amazing as well very skinny and small. Dinner we all ordered but shared because the portions I think are generous. First yellow curry which is almost like a stew. I was hesitate to try but was delicious tasted like a home cooked meal over rice. Can't go wrong with phad Thai so we got that at a 3 spice level. I would get a little spicer next time. It was really good I love Phad Thai. The server suggested the shittake duck. The mushrooms were awesome first time I had duck it was good. sauce was awesome. Also had spicy green bean with shrimp those are amazing at a spice level 5.Overall good place but pricy.
4	Decor - All gold everythinggggggggg!!!!Food - Sampler was about 50/50. I personally liked about half of the apps, including the dumplings and egg rolls. The people I was with enjoyed the other appetizers. Overall, everyone will find something they like. The entrees were your standard Thai food. I had the pad Thai (really risky, I know) but it was delicious.Check out the picture I took, as it included a number of dishes that were ordered.I would definitely go back and recommend for anyone who was in the mood for Thai.
5	Went here for dinner before a Pirates game and made a great choice!  Started with the spring rolls- they were fresh and were accompanied by a terrific sauce.  As with the entree, the portion size was large which made the spring rolls perfect for sharing.  I appreciate restaurants that are generous on the appetizer portions as they are commonly shared.For the entree I got the spicy chicken noodles- ordered an 8 on the 1-10 scale and woo-wee did that hit the spot!  Had excellent flavor and spices.  My wife ordered the pad thai mild and she enjoyed it as well.
4	My date and I tried this place primarily because we like Thai, it was within walking distance to our hotel, and they said they could accommodate a gluten free patron when they took our reservation.  We both had the tom kha soup (mine w/ shrimp and #5 on the 1-10 spice level) -- it was AWESOME!  Incredibly flavorful and fresh ingredients.  Just delicious.  One of the best soups I've ever had.  He had the same but w/ no shrimp & no spice - loved it as much as I did.  For entrees, I had the pineapple chicken curry and he had the chicken pad thai.  The servings were generous (enough for leftovers) and we both liked them.  The atmosphere was pleasant (Tuesday night, so not full or obnoxiously loud); the decor was the usual somewhat tacky Asian place.  The server was excellent - he understood what gluten free meant and could quickly point out which dishes were gluten free and which ones could be made that way.  My date was a very sensitive gluten allergy and didn't get ill so that was a win as it's always a big risk to eat in a restaurant.Definitely recommend this place; it's a gem in the heart of the city and easy walking distance from many hotels, the sports stadiums and everything downtown.  Oh, and the prices were very reasonable for a downtown city restaurant.
5	This place is awesome!! Get the pad see yew. So good. Salty and delicious. It is definitely my go to place to thai food. Probably the best in the city albeit I've only gone to 2 others. The ambiance is nice and the decorations are pretty cool too. You'll notice that if you don't get there at 11:30 you will have a tough time waiting for a seat. This place gets packed every day so either arrive early or expect to eat a late lunch. The prices are fair although a little expensive. They have a lunch menu too. This is definitely a once a week kinda place and if your in the mood for thai food definitely check this place out first.
4	This seems to be a hot spot for lunch in downtown Pittsburgh!!! Even during busy lunch crowd, we had quick service! Portions were definitely generous for lunch pricing! Great variety of menu items and everything was tasty!
4	Tom ka soup is amazing.
5	This is a fairly regular stop for me downtown at lunch. Nicky's Thai kitchen offers a large menu and quite frankly great prices and portions for being in the city. I went with the Cashew Chicken , spicey level 4. If you are a dare devil you can really go hot in this place but I don't need any rumbling tummy the rest of the day. They start you off with a tasty salad with sweet dressing. As for the lunch, just look at the picture.  The plate looks divine, the taste is great, service is easily under a hour at lunch. Plus the look of this place is neat.  Add it to the rotation or visit when you head downtown.
5	One the best Thai meals I have had hands down!! This is my first time to Nicky's and while parking is a pain, the food makes up for it. My 5 star rating is explained below on the basis of service, proportion of food, taste, quality and overall experience.We went there at 10 p.m. on a Saturday, which was almost closing time. I have found that you get very good service around closing but on the flip side, you are rushed a bit and the staff starts cleaning around you.Anyways, once seated we looked over the menu and made our selections (drinks aside). We got the Thai Roti as an appetizer, which was fried dough with curry and peanut dips, served with lettuce and carrot garnishing. One plate was well portioned for 4 people. While delicious, I was hoping to get some more curry rather than just a miserly dip-sized bowl.On to the entrees: we ordered the Red Curry with fish (extra spicy), Basil Fried Rice with chicken and shrimp (medium spicy), Gap rap Lad Kao with chicken (medium spicy) and the Siracha Noodles with chicken (medium spicy). While their medium spicy was pretty hot, I really enjoyed the Red Curry too - a real good sweat!! The fish and vegetables in the curry were not an afterthought, and the curry flavors had permeated very well into them. The Basil Fried Rice was tasty in its own way. I got the strong basil flavor and the spice level was perfect. I usually find the meat in the rice and noodles to be pretty bland, but not in this case. Very well flavored again and in the right proportion.Siracha Noodles were flat noodles with hot Siracha sauce. I did find the noodles to be a little mushy (overcooked) in places but maybe that was just me being too nit-picky. Again a great noodle dish and it was not too spicy (atleast for my taste buds).Another star entree was the Gap rap Lad Kao. It had minced chicken on top of boiled white rice, and a fried egg decorating the dish. If you mixed everything well, each bite was delectable and it definitely had some punch to it. I was afraid that the white rice would dim the spice and flavors but I was surprised with each and every bite. Truly, another awesome dish on the menu.I have to say, the portions were huge, the flavors were plentiful and the service was prompt. We probably got our meal in 15 mins (closing time means faster service), but we did not feel rushed at all. A pleasant 5 star dining experience, coupled with elaborate decor. I look forward to visiting the other location and comparing my experience at Nicky's.
5	Awesome food- true to its spice level ... Great ambience (even the restrooms had beautiful fragrance) Superb service... Love it :)
4	As a vegetarian, I was stoked to see all of the veggie-friendly appetizers, and my friend and I split the Veggie 4 U appetizer.  The fresh rolls and spring rolls were good but nothing special.  Just fine.  The samosas were pretty bland and just tasted like sweet potato.I ordered the Panang Curry with Tofu which was perfection - definitely the best thai dish I've had yet.  My friend wasn't overly fond of her green curry, but I'm writing this review on my perception not hers :)Our server was really pleasant but misunderstood my friend's drink order twice, but he was very apologetic so it was hard to be annoyed about it.  I would really give this place 3/3.5 stars if it wasn't for the phenomenal Panang curry that I have been dreaming about ever since my visit.Go for the Panang Curry and $4 glasses of wine and you will leave a happy customer.
4	Pretty good Thai food and was decently priced for lunch.  The line was out the door and we had no reservation however we were seated relatively quickly and go our food pretty fast.They allow you to pick spice level from 1-10.  I of course got 10 and it was nice and hot.  I had the jalapeno peanut dish with tofu.  It was great!
4	Nicky's is among the best Thai food around, there's no question. The downtown spot is conveniently located near the Cultural District, so it's a great place to grab dinner before a show (and they do take reservations, which I advise that you make if you're doing that).On our most recent visit, we started with the creamiest crab rangoons of all time, along with a plate of their steamed dumplings. They have a full bar as well, so we got some Pinot Grigio (which for some reason has become my Official Wine of Thai and Sushi). They truly have enough appetizers and small plates on the menu that you could make this a tapas adventure if you wanted to.For entrees, we both got the spicy noodles (mine with pork, husband's with beef). The noodles are wide but thing, perfectly cooked with napa cabbage (those big chunks of cabbage) in the spicy basil sauce.And remember: Nicky's is *real* Thai spicy. So what you might be accustomed to ordering as a medium, is actually a mild here. And if you're used to ordering your Thai food 'hot,' well... be prepared to sweat. The first time I went to Nicky's (with my fellow Yelp buddies Linda W. & Rachel C.), we all truly underestimated how spicy the food would be, and spent our entrees crying, sniffling, and saying, 'oh god this is sooooooo goooooood'.The space is beautiful, although it can feel a bit crowded during the busy times when they're at capacity. They are quite generous with refills on your water (thank goodness, with all that spice!).However, there's still something that just seems a little disorganized about the service. All of the servers are incredibly polite, friendly, and welcoming. Things just seem to take a little bit longer than we should. At our most recent visit, we were greeted immediately, but prior to us being able to look over the drink menu. So we said, 'Just one minute please,' which turned into almost 10.Regardless, we'll certainly be back to Nicky's. The food is so flavorful, and the room is so pleasant. We'll just be sure we make our reservations for a little earlier so we have time to enjoy the meal and make our show.
5	I came here last night with some friends before seeing a show at the Benedum.  Seeing that they accepted reservations, I made one for 6pm, and even though we were slightly late, this gave us plenty of time to enjoy dinner before our show, which started at 8pm.  My friend and I had heard good things about the Pad Thai here, and when another friend said she'd never had Thai food before, that provided us with a perfect opportunity to try it out while expanding her culinary horizons.We started out with an order of crab rangoon, which had a nice crisp wonton on the outside and filling that was creamy and a bit sweet on the inside.  Three of us ordered the Pad Thai with chicken at varying levels of spiciness--one non-spicy, one a 2 (me), and one a 4 (another friend).  After explaining the typical Thai options to my friend unfamiliar with Thai cuisine, she settled on the Pad See Ew.  While I wouldn't call myself a connoisseur of Pad Thai, I would deem this version excellent, compared to other versions I've had in PGH.  The spice level of 2 was just right for me--at other places, I usually order a 4, but thanks to other reviewers, I knew to tone it down a notch, since this place likes to lay on the heat.  As for the dish itself, the noodle:sprout:meat ratio was perfect.  The sauce was sweet, as it should be for Pad Thai, but not overly so.  The flavors blended together very well--none of them overpowered the others, making for a harmonious combination--as did the combination of textures from the main ingredients.  The noodles were cut up, making them easy to eat with a fork.  I also tried a bit of my friend's Pad See Ew, which was also very tasty, and which she enjoyed as her first introduction to Thai food.Generally, the service was very good, with one hiccup: my server confused my order of Pad Thai with Pad See Ew.  (I checked with my friends, because I have been known to accidentally order the wrong item, esp. when two items have similar names, but they assured me that I had ordered correctly).  This mistake became apparent when our dishes were served, so everyone except me received their dishes at the same time, making for a bit of awkwardness.  The kitchen did rectify this mistake quickly, however--I didn't have to wait any longer than 5 min. The waitstaff also did a great job of making sure that our water glasses remained full the entire time we were there.  The space itself is beautifully decorated with shiny statues and sparkly wall hangings, and has a very festive feel.  Overall, I'd say this is the best Thai cuisine I've had in PGH, and I'd highly recommend it for lunch or dinner should you happen to be downtown.
4	Went for lunch and was happily surprised by the delicious and fresh food. The chicken Panang came with a choice of soup or salad. I chose the soup, yum. The Panang was spicy (I asked for it) and loaded with fresh veggies. Really a great deal and delight for $9.00!
5	I've been here twice in the last four days and the experience was amazing both times.  Both the pumpkin and pineapple curries were perfectly spice with just enough sweetness.  The tofu was cooked just right.  The Thai Island Ice Tea was inventive and delicious too.Definitely recommended.
5	NIcky's is a great place to go on a date. The food is amazing. The manager is flexible and gregarious. The setting is loud, but that's totally fine. I don't mind.We were a group of eleven. Speaking of Eleven, that restaurant on Smallman Street looks totally pretentious. Don't go there. Come to Nicky's!I ordered the green mango curry tofu dish. We also got vegetarian dumplings, a hotpot of Tom Yum soup, and I tried the spicy green bean tofu. My green curry was on point as expected. Green curry is the best curry, even though you may temporarily stink up the hotel bathroom the following morning. The flavors were so complex.One of my relatives mentioned his green curry chicken was too spicy (the minimum spice level for the green curry is 3 out of 10). Beware if you can't handle the spice.The dumpling was exquisite. It looked cute.The soup was somewhat sour, but I don't really mind. It came with tofu and mushrooms that my cousins didn't eat because they're picky.The Singha beers cost $4.
5	I just had the red curry and it was hands down the best red curry I've ever had. It was sweet and not too spicy. I ordered a 7 as the spice factor. Was hoping it would be hotter, but I ended up asking for more spices on the side. One of them made the dish spicier and even better! Happy I went. Give it a try if you like thai!
5	I found this place with the help of Yelp and it did not disappoint.  Nicky's has a dark Thai-themed atmosphere and the service was excellent.  Of course, the food is why I came here and my two selections were both worthy of receiving 5 stars.  The appetizer sampler, featuring six different appetizers and four sauces both looked and tasted great (and feeds 4 people).  And for dinner, I ordered the Chicken Mango salad.   While I wouldn't normally order a salad as an entree at a Thai restaurant, I'm glad I did as this was probably the best salad I've ever eaten (and a great value too). There were so many things in the salad that I'm hard pressed to describe all of the contents, but rest assured that you'll be satisfied and will likely have enough to take home for a second meal.
5	The best Thai food in the city and quite possibly the best Thai food i have ever had. This is our go-to Thai restaurant when the craving strikes. The service is always good even when they are slammed with tables.
5	I think my server was a bit shocked just now when he asked how my food was. My positive enthusiasm was pretty energetic. Was starving! Just came back from the bar and grille on 7th where I stopped out of desperation despite the accurate, negative yelp reviews. Tofu and broccoli perfectly flavoured. Texture of the tofu is perfect. This mushroom broth is divine. It's 5pm on a Sunday night and it's chill and not hectic. What sucks more than being starving and getting crap food? Not much. What's better than being starving and getting great food? Practically nothing. Thai food heroes! And reasonably priced too.
5	What can I write that hasn't been shared earlier. I'm a little wary of Thai food but upon a colleague's insistence, I had lunch here and I so wish I had done that much earlier.They are conveniently located near my office in downtown and had quite inconspicuous entrance. But the interiors have been done pretty well in a warm ethnic way by using golden theme.Food is to die for! I absolutely love the Wild Curry with fried fish on a spicy scale of 7. Its got an intoxicating aroma and tangy spicy flavor. The red curry is pretty decent too.Another favorite item is Spicy Basil fried rice with chicken. Pair it with wild curry and you're in heaven! Pad thai although leaves a sweet aftertaste which it shouldn't in my opinion.Desserts are dominated by sticky rice so be sure you leave some space since they tend to be heavy.Oh and Singha beer. Pretty nice!
4	A lovely spot in downtown Pittsburgh for authentic Thai food. Highlights for me were the Shrimp Cakes, an appetizer, and the Grapow. The shrimp cakes are full of kaffir lime leaf. Delicious. I make a Grapow at home, so I had to try theirs. It was really terrific. A note on the spice. If you ask, they will light you up. Order plenty of beer.
5	Okay, well to begin I should note that I called ahead and ordered lunch to-go, so i didn't get the entire experience. However, the food was tasty enough to receive 5 stars.I ordered the lunch entree Cashew with chicken. It was seriously amazing. I enjoyed it in the lobby cafe of my place of work. A nice lady even asked where I had gotten my lunch from. I was only into my second bite when she asked.. then she kindly said "I'll let you finish your meal"My entree came with chicken, red peppers, onions, carrots, broccoli in a sweet chili sauce.. Oh & rice + 1 Rangoon. On the phone, they asked for my preference of spiciness. Since the sauce was already sweet chili, I thought it was already have a kick. The sauce itself was mild. Next time I'll add a little spice to it. With that being said, even those who can't enjoy spicy food can enjoy Nicky's. For instance, the security guard who also chatted with me during my lunch brought up that his stomach cant handle spicy. I informed his that the sauce was honestly mild and you can choose the level of hotness you'd like.I will definitely be back to enjoy lunch here (most likely take out due to my lunch schedule) My fiance would most likely love Nicky's  as well!! We'll head here for dinner one night and I will update.
4	Nice decor, good service, but ...The food was great ! Three of us ordered different entrees, and they were all good. I like spicy food and we even ordered a '10' - but it wasn't crazy spicy and we didn't need to call 911.Oh and it is reasonably priced too !I will definitely be back here every time I visit Pittsburgh.
4	Stopped by for dinner during a weekend visit to Pittsburgh and was so impressed. Probably a few of the best Thai dishes I've ever had in my life. Strongly recommend the gap rap lad kao and phar luck. I'm drooling just thinking about those dishes.....mmmm Thai food.....
5	This is my favorite place to eat for lunch in the entire city. I go here at least once a week and most recently went here three times in one week. It is located on a non-busy side of town on Penn Avenue right past Pizza Parma. Inside there are gorgeous pictures and a dimmed lights atmosphere perfect for a date or a lunch gathering. I go here with friends and even by myself. Most of the lunch meals are under $9.00 and they include your choice of a house salad that has a unique pineapple flavored dressing or chicken & rice soup which is always extrememly hot and tasty. The server staff is excellent and very quick in bringing out your food. As soon as my order is taken my salad or soup is immediately brought out and once I finish that here comes my entree. Onto the entree selections. I typically try and get something new here, but my very favorite is the Beef Phad Phet with a 9 spice level. I typically get between a 7 and a 9 depending on the day, but the spice levels go up to a 20 so if you like spicy flavors this place is for you. This dish includes beef, garlic, bell peppers, green beans, carrots, onions, thai basil and an incredible spicy chili sauce with rice on the side. i have also gotten the Spicy green beans, Spicy peanut, Jalepeno, and the Red Curry which are all amazing. My friend really likes the Green curry. I might try that once next time. You have the option of choosing chicken, pork, beef, shrimp, vegetable, duck or tofu. I like the beef the best and like the chicken with my curry.I am always full when I leave this place and you cannot beat the prices or the quality of the food anywhere. I would recommend to make dinner reservations or if you go for lunch to go either at 11:00 or 1:30. I like to go at 1:30 because it is not crowded when I arrive and even less crowded by the time I finish up and leave the restaurant. Bottom Line: Seriously give this place a try. Even if you don't like spicy food it is all excellent.
4	You know when you go to a Thai place and ask for spicy and they go "silly white girl can't do spicy" and give you the weak stuff? Not a problem. My face is numb right now. I had the red curry which was delicious but wish I got a 7  spicy level instead of 10 so I could have finished it instead if filling up on water.We got the crab rangoons as an appetizer which had a delicious filling but the wonton part was a bit soggy.My friend got the green curry with a mild spicy level and really enjoyed it. It was pretty fluorescent green.I would come back but would get a more reasonable level of spicy of 7 or less.
5	Great spot i found on the fly. Great location, cool decor not to mention Amazing pad thai and pot stickers!
1	Went right at 3:00 pm. Walked in and was told they were closed. Yelp shows green "open" as I write this from Proper Brick Oven Pizza at 3:15 pm. Couldn't believe they didn't offer  to seat seat us. Will never go back.
4	I'll join the chorus of happy customers. I grew up in the suburbs of Pittsburgh and left in my early 30's and I haven't been back in over 20 years. I lived in California which is the land of excellent food. So I have a lot of experience with Thai restaurants and this one is top notch. The crab rangoon was gourmet quality as were the fresh rolls. The Tom Kha Gai was good, but I've had better... much better actually, but different folks have different ideas of what a coconut soup like this should be, so it was the chef's idea of good and homey no doubt. The curried fried rice was good albeit a tad bland. They chop their veggies up pretty roughly and it affects the flavoring. But all in all it was an excellent experience and I'll definitely go back. By the way, it was the first time in my entire life that I ate Thai food in Pittsburgh. Ha! It simply didn't exist when I lived here before. The wonders of this modern era.
4	Nicky's Thai Kitchen attempts to whisk you away to a far off land with the ambiance and decor. I find this location appropriate for date night (although it can get loud) or a delicious meal out with friends. The  service is fantastic. I have visited many times before baseball games or plays and they almost always can get us in. And above all, I love the flavor profiles (especially the spice) here. Personally, I like to order the shrimp toasts as an app. Then I like to get the basil bok choy tofu. Spicy #7.Perfect amount of spice. Delicious amounts of flavor bursts.I will say that I took 1 star off for take out. Spicy #7 is more like NO SPICE when you order take out. I think they forgot to add the spice.... which is my favorite part. I won't order takeout again, but I will definitely return for more in-restaurant meals.
4	Good Thai food. Server & cooks aim to please. If you need a Thai food fix, I would recommend this establishment.
2	I'm new to town and wanted to find a Thai restaurant downtown. There's hype from my office about Nickys being a great cozy place for lunch or dinner with amazing Thai food.My boyfriend and I ordered the Pad Thai with Shrimp as well as the Red Curry with Pork. We choose to have one entree come with a basic chicken and rice soup that had minimal chicken or rice but filled with strips of ginger. Our other entree came with a salad that had something similar to a french dressing with a hint of fish sauce, a slice of tomato, a small strip of mango and one chunk of canned pineapple with iceburg lettuce.I would have much rather skipped these two appetizers and saved room to try a dessert. Our Pad Thai was a reasonable portion size but I was thrown off by the short broken pieces of noodles that tasted like they were soaked in fish sauce. Ew. The shrimp was fine, nothing special. Our Red Curry was a typical Thai restaurant portion size. A small bowl serving of rice was placed next to a soup bowl of curry. The pork pieces are not fresh and the curry had peas and carrots, most likely from a frozen bag, with some bamboo. The actual curry tasted like coconut milk mixed with water.Our sever was nice and our water was refilled frequently. I asked for additional spices on the side which he was able to bring out quickly. Not sure what the hype is about or why the restaurant was a packed house. I'd never go back and now I need to find some real Thai food in Pittsburgh.
5	The absolute best thai food I have ever had! If you happen to be in pittsburgh then you have to try this place you won't regret it :)
5	Wonderful meal in the courtyard.  Great way to end a weekend in Pittsburgh.  Pumpkin custard w/ sticky rice was amazing!!
1	Let me start off by saying this place had a steady retained customer until they showed their true colors... I absolutely loved their crab fried rice and greasy soup until one afternoon I ordered their soup with half cooked fish which was absolutely nauseating... I waited for my order over one hour when I order an hour before the food was prepared... The hostest has to be a complete idiot, because when I came to pick up my food she kept telling oh it'll be a few minutes after waiting an hour I left after paying for my food. I told this goof troop that I'll be back for my money and a word with the manager once I get off of work. So I called in one of my rant fits and the hostest said 'Ohhh your Sarena it's been sitting here since you paid' I mean really wtf... You took my money but kept playing the wait game. I was infuriated asked one of my co-workers to pick up the food... After all the waiting the sugar honey iced tea was horrid... Never again
5	I absolutely love this place! Its one of the best thai places I have ever been. I always take vegetarian options..flavors are amazing, the produce they use tastes so fresh. Portions are pretty good. I believe they have different menu for lunch and dinner options. Their spicy level is higher than usual so make sure u order less spicy level than ur usual preferred one. Ambiance and service both are pretty good. Their desserts are worth to check out!
3	We have been coming for over a year and are always happy with our meal and service. Wine and beer prices are very good. Lower than most places in Pitt for such a nice Restaraunt. Spice is there is you ask for super Thai hot. Very nice.Above all, the largest problem with Nicky's is that the curry is made with fish sauce and shrimp paste. I have been to hundreds of Thai places without fish sauce and nothing is lacking.Ditch the fish and 5 stars is within reach.
2	I got the Basil Duck and a Thai Ice Tea. The tea was watery, and the duck had been breaded and fried, and was coated in a thick sauce, and basically could have been any kind of meat. Perfectly edible, but not really a $25 quality meal.On the other hand, service was great.
2	It's pretty basic Thai. Nothing crazy or unique. I think that PITTS is lacking in the Thai department. Got the pad-see-ew. Not bad. If you're hungry and wanting Thai you will be satisfied, just not impressed.
4	I travel to Pittsburgh for work, a few times each month.  I try a different restaurant, each time I'm there.  I've heard great thing about Nicky's and therefore decided to dine there on my most recent visit.   I journeyed here with 2 co-workers, one which lives in Pittsburgh and dines at Nicky's quite frequently.  We arrived at approx 6:30 on a Thursday night and the place was pretty full.  We were seated immediately.  The main menu has lots of options and there was also a separate specials menu.  I ordered the the Pad Thai-Tom Kha combo (spice level 3) and a mango Sangria.   The server returned with our drinks and a small dish of cocktail peanuts to snack on while we waited for our food.  Our order arrived a short time later.  The combo included a generous cup of Tom Kha soup with shrimp, 3 chicken satay skewers with peanut dipping sauce, 2 pork dumplings with a soy dipping sauce and a generous helping of shrimp & chicken pad thai.    The soup was delectable, full of chopped cabbage, shrimp and other thai herbs & spices in a light coconut milk broth.  The chicken satay was tender and nicely seasoned.  The dumplings were bursting with thai flavor and the pad thai.....oh, the pad thai was very tasty....not too sweet, just the right amount of spice (although, I'll know next time to up the spice level to maybe a 5).   One of my co-workers ordered the pineapple fried rice with a spice level of 8 and also requested that the server bring additional spice/sauce on the side.   The server returned with a trio of thai chili flakes, red chili paste and a fish sauce spiked with peppers.  I happily sampled each option with my meal.  This was a great meal and I would definitely return to Nicky's.
4	Excited to go back here :)
2	The staff were friendly enough and the place looked nice. I had a green curry with chicken it came filled with vegetables and a good size serving BUT as other reviews have noted, peas have no place in a curry. They tasted weird and out of place. And the deal breaker for me was the curry itself. The chicken had a greyish blue tinge because the curry quite obviously had some sort of food dye in it. It was a bright minty green. If you make this using proper ingredients you don't need to do this. It had a thai-ish taste but clearly not well made. Disappointing and unappetising.
3	Service seemed to be pretty good and the restaurant overall was clean and comfortable.  I started out with the fresh spring rolls.  They're a little different at this restaurant...vegetarian using tofu in lieu of shrimp and crab.  Somewhat dry and tasteless.  Then I had the seafood Tum Yum soup.  It was ok, again not the best I've had...somewhat salty and lacked some of the typical flavors I've had at other Thai restaurants, i.e. Light on the lime juice and too heavy on the fish sauce.  Finally, I had the grilled Squid...not very good at all...overlooked, not much of it and unimpressive dressing.  Sorry folks...not very impressed with this place.
4	This has the best Thai food in Pittsburgh. The curries are delicious and you cant beat the aesthetics.  The decorations on the wall are absolutely beautiful and the dishes that the food are served out of are beautiful.  I have never seen anything like it before.  The price of the food is cheap for the amount of food.  My one complaint is that they ask what level spicy you want and its difficult to gauge exactly how spicy you want it.  The first time i ordered it too spicy and the second time it was not spicy enough.  Overall I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	We went there for lunch last week with a big group.  There was a conference going on at the nearby convention center, so that bumped up the waiting time quite a bit.  It turns out, the food was worth it though.We ordered a mix of things (two types of curry, classic pad thai).  The menu had a good mix of Americanized favorites and some more exotic Thai cuisine.  *Important tip*: they'll ask you what heat level you prefer (1-10).  We sampled 5-7; 6 would be about right for most people, I think.  Head north to 7-8 if you like to sweat a little.  Everything we had was very good.  Nothing to be head-over-heels in love with, but certainly Nicky's is a solid lunch or dinner spot.Also note, the portions on some dishes are huge.  The pad thai could easily feed three people.
4	Very little to pick on at Nicky's We were a five with two pumpkin curries, one spicy peanut, one green curry, and one massaman curry. A mixed veggie app platter, a few desserts to split, a couple drinks. The banana dessert was a bit rough on the wrap, once deep fried, but still nice. Overall, some of the best curry I've had anywhere. The heat gauge seemed to be right on, the service was impeccable, and it's a lovely atmosphere. We'll be back on our next trip to Pittsburgh. Oh, the total for five at dinner was $110, a great price.
2	Apps were good but that's all......mgmt didn't even apologize for the bad shrimp. ..pad Thai was unimpressive....server was nice.
3	I feel a bit let down by my curry I ate last night... and curry is such a warm dish. You want it to hug your mouth with flavor on a cold day... not remind you of the flavors your taste buds can't find. Like kissing an old boyfriend you thought your feelings would return and then.... Nothing but little shreds of disappointment. So why three stars? I've eaten at Nicky's other times and the service is excellent also a second dish I'm reviewing here fared a bit better than my lacking Massaman. Room for improvement: I couldn't taste the hints of tamarind, cinnamon, garlic or nutmeg or mace. Which should be key stars of the paste. My meal was prepped and brought to me fast but also means it probably was in part pre made. The results were more of a generic salt peanut tasting sauce. More of something I've had on satay. They used dry red pepper in the sauce which is fine for the paste but it lowers the hot spice flavor. Using oil or fresh red pepper will fix that fast. In addition to the dried pepper I ordered it at a 7 spice level but personally it felt like a 4 or 5 tops. I do not eat spicy food often so my tolerance is not high. The better dish -- my boyfriend's pumpkin tofu curry was a better bet and really I think Nicky's pleases better with its non traditional dishes. The pumpkin was soft and sauce a nice middle between sweet and spicy. Sadly the spice level was missing like a thief in the night..... No sweat beads made an appearance. The tofu was chewy but not underdone which is a tofu fear of mine ( texture fears). Overall it's gorgeous in here and you get about 4 inches more elbow room than the Western st location. You also can eat without a reservation at 5 if you can be done eating by 630. The prices are decent for portion size... Service is prompt polite and they will offer more rice if you need it. I think I'll try some other dishes and hope for a better outcome next time.
5	Less than a month after eating at their North Side location I had the chance to eat at Nicky's downtown. I actually like their downtown location even more than the other one. Like it's sister location it features cool themed decor and offers the same calm and welcoming an atmosphere (and quiet places to eat downtown are VERY welcome in my book!). Unlike the North Side restaurant, which is small and cozy, this place had plenty of room to seat a decent number of people. In fact it was the perfect place to reserve dinner for a group of 10 people after a Symphony show, and we were all able to speak with each other without shouting over loud music or anything like that during our meal. Two BIG thumbs up just for that!And of course, their food is as fantastic here as it is at their other location. A friend and I split their samosa appetizer - it was quite sweet and tasty - and I ordered the Param Chicken. When the food came out my rice was on the side, where I could mix it in with my food as I wished (a nice touch). You can pick the spice level you want in your dishes - I stuck to a measly two, while another friend got the eye-watering 10. He's a braver person than I am! Everyone enjoyed the food immensely in my group. However there wasn't a wonton with every meal, which I observed during my last visit to Nicky's - maybe that's a North Side/lunch only kind of deal?Some final thoughts: I have to send out a major thank you to the staff for taking such good care of my group - 10 people is not a small group and the attentiveness we received was impressive and very appreciated. Also, a word of notice: they called to confirm my reservation a couple hours before dinner, at which time I was in a Symphony show. Luckily I turned my phone on in intermission and got their message, so I was able to call back and confirm that we'd have our table. So if you're going to eat here after a show, keep this potential call in mind and be ready to take it or call them back. Overall I think this place can be summed up in six words: great service, great food, great place. Nicky's, I'll be back soon so I can sample some soup and more appetizers!
5	My goodness, is this what Thai food should taste like?!My friend and I came here for dinner before going to "A Musical Christmas Carol" at the Byham Theater. We are both huge Thai food fanatics and neither of us has experienced Thai food at Nicky's Thai Kitchen, however. So, we couldn't call ourselves Thai food "connoisseurs" without trying food here!Despite not having a reservation, the host seated us within minutes, reminding us that the table has a reservation at 7:30. Considering it was 6:00 when we sat down and our show was to start at 7:30, it was no problem at all for us. We ordered green tea and Thai iced tea, and soon an order of Fresh Spring Rolls (which, technically, are summer rolls because they were rolled in fresh rice paper and not deep fried). We had no complaints about the beverages. However, the rolls were very chewy. The filling was not bad, but the toughness of the rice paper made it difficult to chew and swallow. The rice paper definitely could have used another minute in hot water to soften.Apparently it was a busy night because we couldn't flag down our waiter for 10 minutes. Eventually, a manager or another waitress noticed us and took our order. My friend ordered the Panang Curry with tofu and 8/10 spiciness; I ordered the Vegan Duck Curry with 7/10 spiciness. The Panang Curry came with bell pepper, kaffir lime leaves, broccoli, coconut milk and Panang curry paste; the Vegan Duck Curry came with vegan duck (a.k.a. seitan), pineapple chunks, peas, carrots, tomato, scallions and vegan red curry topped with cashew nuts. We tasted each other's curry. Our eyes met and we both knew we were blown away. Both tasted absolutely amazing. Her curry had a prominent coconut milk flavor with the essence of kaffir, lemongrass, and coriander with a kick of spiciness. My curry also had a prominent coconut milk flavor with hints of chili, lemongrass, and ginger. It also had chunks of pineapple, which added a nice sweetness to the dish, and chunks of seitan duck, which were surprisingly very tender and delicious.Despite our being hungry, we couldn't finish our curry dishes. We were both full with half of our curry remaining. Our original waiter returned and we asked him to box up our leftover curries. While he was doing that, I visited the men's restroom. I entered, and was greeted with two large paintings of Asian women going about their daily business. It caught me very slightly off guard, but later thought it brought a nice vibrant color to the ordinarily boring and unimpressive atmosphere of a restroom.Our dinner was paid for and we were out by 7:15, just in time to drop off our leftovers in my friend's car and walk to Byham Theater!Overall, I would come back for excellent Thai food here again. I'm sure my friend would agree, too. The service could have improved, but that is probably the only flaw of our dinner. Perhaps I'll try out its other location in Northside some day...?
4	This place was absolutely delicious. My friend insisted that I go there with her. Although I was scared about the spiciness level, I ordered a two, and that came out perfect. The noodles were extremely fresh and the vegetables in the mix were absolutely fabulous. I loved my experience even though this isn't the usual food that I eat. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Thai food.
2	I made a yelp account specifically to make this review, and I'm sad to say this is something I've been thinking about since my last terrible meal at Nicky's a few months ago. The last time I was there, I had amazing service, but the worst tofu I've ever had in my entire life. My food came out ice cold and when I asked for them to reheat it, it was brought back out piping hot after about 30 seconds and disgustingly hard, having obviously just been microwaved. Tonight, I went for dinner with my boyfriend, on a crowded Tuesday night. After waiting about 20 minutes to hear from a server, we asked for our bottle of wine to be open (new TEN DOLLAR corkage fee). My boyfriend ordered the chili mango tofu and I asked for the tofu noodle soup.  I asked that the tofu be fried, because the menu specifically says "fried tofu" and last time I ordered it, it wasn't. The waitress immediately said no it couldn't be fried because they were "busy". I tried asking again nicely and she continued to tell me how they couldn't make the tofu fried because they were "busy right now" and didn't have time. After this ridiculous encounter, we continued to have terrible service throughout the entire meal as the waitress hurried us out of the restaurant. Not only did she give us our check immediately after we finished eating, but then she came back to check and see if we had put our card in about 4 times before we actually were ready.I used to love this restaurant in the north side and was ecstatic when they opened a location on Penn because I live downtown. I have tried to give them the benefit of the doubt multiple times and to rationalize terrible experiences here. After tonight's meal, I would not recommend Nicky's to anyone, and will not be coming back here.
5	I ate at Niky's last evening.  Like a dumb bunny I never thought to make reservations and the place was packed.  They found seating for us and a late arrival guest with in 10 minutes.  What can I say, the food came out quick and it was delicious!  My first guest had never eaten there before and he ordered the duck.  He raved about it!  My TY Soup and the S&S Chicken was excellent!  My late arrival guest had the Chicken Mango Salad.  He was scraping the plate!
4	I like Nicky's, but have had several off experiences for togo orders. Once I got a piece of plastic in my food and another I bit down on a staple. Their food is great, just spicy enough, but I wonder what happens when you order togo that so many things end up in your food that are not edible.I will probably still go there, but check your food.
5	5 star food is not necessarily the best of everything combined in perfect harmony, better than any food we've ever had.  Instead, I think it is when a restaurant does everything right, like Nicky's.  Duck perfectly cooked and seasoned, service wonderful, spring roles well flavoured and perfectly presented, Thai iced tea full of tasty goodness, and prices rock-bottom in the middle of the city.  Lovely ambiance - an oasis of calm in the heart of downtown.  I count myself lucky to have visited.
5	Wow! I am speechless. I have been to so many Thai restaurant and so far this is the best I ever had.  The Chef Special menu is outstanding and nobody comes close.  We have Arun's Thai restaurant in Chicago but still this place is better.
3	We were in the neighborhood and I was suddenly having a craving for Thai. We went in without a reservation and were seated immediately since it was still pretty early. But if you want to go after 730, a reservation is definitely needed. I ordered a spicy noodle dish with pork. On a spicy scale 1 to 10, I asked for 10. The dish came out to be spicy, but definitely not a 10. The portion was huge. I had a hard time finishing half of it. I'm not an expert on Thai food so I couldn't really tell if it was authentic. The dish was a little too sweet and greasy for me. But it might be that's the way Thai noodles are supposed to be. My friend had a pad Thai combo. It came out with three chicken skews, a yummy creamy soup with shrimps and veges, and two dumplings. I didn't try his pad Thai since I hate peanuts, but the soup was so tasty! There was so much coconut in it, which I love!! Other than that, the skews were dry. The dumplings were plain.Overall I'm not too impressed with the food. The ambience was very nice and cozy though. Loved the exotic decor and service was great!
5	This was the best Thai food I had ever eaten! We were in town for a conference and once we discovered this place we kept on going back, we didn't care if it was lunch, dinner, or if we had more Thai food than we had ever had in a row. We just had to have more. So delicious. My favourite was a vegetarian green curry with mango dish.
