5	While living in Las Vegas, this was my favorite casino (off-the-strip).  It's such an interesting collection of people--lots of people looking like 80's glam rockers, old ladies with oxygen tanks, obese bingo fanatics, etc..  The bingo room is fun, though I've never won anything there.  I really liked the Blackjack tables--there's plenty of room for everyone at the $5 tables and the dealers are laid-back and helpful.  The last time I was there, I got a Guinness stout at the center bar (not a popular beer in Vegas) and then went to the little seafood place in the corner for some outrageously good fish stew.  The theater here has amazing screens...the biggest and most vibrant I've ever seen.  It's too bad that there's rarely  films there that I'd want to see (non-mainstream films are rare in Vegas).Update 7/24/06:My visit to the Suncoast on Saturday night wasn't as pleasant.  The boullabaise (sp?) at the restaurant in the corner was better than ever, but the gambling wasn't any fun at all.  All of the blackjack dealers seemed miserable and unfriendly.  One dealer snapped at me for allowing my friend to help me play (he was playing as well)--and the two other dealers I tried were as mean as possible.  I burned through $200 really fast and didn't see anyone win anything.  It was strange how the dealers kept getting 21 over and over again.
4	My parents retired in Vegas and happen to live in Summerlin.  So unlike most people who visit for Vegas for short periods of time, I've spent more time at this casino than all of the places on The Strip combined.And frankly, that's fine with me.Suncoast is definitely a "local's" casino.  Plenty of penny and nickel slots.  Low table minimums at the card tables.  Cheap restaurants and buffets providing food that you probably could cook at home, but let's be honest, for that price it's better just to eat out. They seem to comp my parents pretty well too with the gazillion coupons they have for the aforementioned cheap restaurants.  PLUS there's a movie theater and bowling alley in case you don't feel like gambling.
3	Likely deserves 3 1/2 stars.  A local scene, which can be a good thing. The bowling alley upstairs is fun and well put-together, and really, the best part of the place. The restaurant by the tables is strictly hit n miss. Bring a book when you place your order, cause they must drive to Reno to pick up your food. Food itself OK; they have a pretty reputable Chinese food part of the menu. Gambling in my experience has just gotten so damn crowded. Haven't stayed in the hotel. But the ice-cream by the valet is pretty reliable.
4	This is a great off the strip casino and has something for everyone; even for kids. Summerlin is a local spot for most, but I feel that in time more tourists will travel beyond the strip and see that there are better places to stay at than the strip. In time people will see that staying on the strip isn't important to experiencing Vegas.I was having a sub-par day when my uncle who got done with work early took me to this casino in where there was a random showroom in the back with the random Filipino performers that happened to be his buddies performing, and a nice casino floor. At the time I went, the poker room was still being expanded, so there was not that many people playing. My biggest surprise was the buffet. I try not to eat too much but my uncle insisted. I can't remember the name of the place, but I highly recommend it. I had everything from Chinese to Italian to good old fashioned American grilled. I was so food comatose from eating there at 5PM that I could not meet up with my buddies to go to a club until about 11PM. I was stuffed for about six hours. Appreciated.
2	I've only been at this hotel to go bowling, pretty much.  Bowling alley is great; the rest of the casino is dreadfully average.  I'd much rather go to Red Rock.
4	Being saddled with a 10 and 12 year old on a Friday night in Vegas can be a challenge if you want everyone to remain happy. Thankfully the Suncoast was more than accommodating. The Bowling Alley is clean and fun and everyone had a good time ,kids as well as adults. Then for some adult time at the tables we set the kids up with the designated chaperone and off to the in-house movie theater for them and off to the craps table for some of the adults.  It's part of the Coast casino chain and as most of them the casino areas aren't the greatest but they are more than adequate. Overall a good place for young and old to stay occupied for the better part of the day.They got me for almost $600.00 bucks but I'll be looking to get that back after work somewhere today.
2	The only redeeming factor for this casino is Primo's and the movie theatre located inside. Place is a real dump and you are more likely to find locals playing the slots than card games. I heard cougars are plentiful here.
2	I have heard very nice things about this place and finally decided to check it out myself.  Sadly, nothing really exciting to announce.  First, the food at the Bagel Cafe sucked and prices were outrageous.  Second, mostly old foggies in the casino because it is located in the heart of Summerlin (retirement community).  Lastly, I didn't win anything here.  Not even some play money.  2 stars for being clean....that's about it.
1	Suncoast sucks. Such a shit hole.But they got bowling and movies.That is all.* off the strip
4	Off the strip but it is pretty good~~If u golf then i believe this hotel is good~~if u get the golf pt view the view is amazing~~If u want to get away from the strip then this hotel is great~~
3	Nice hotel    It is a nice property and mantained pretty good.Nice staff     They were really great, real peopleDecent pool    I was the only one there and the spa needed waterNice rooms    Really large compared to some others I have been in.
4	Staying here was a happy accident.  I had the name confused with South Point Hotel which was where I thought I was staying.  I decided to keep the reservation since I'd have a car.  They have an airport shuttle that you need to make advanced reservations to ride, a great idea considering the hotel is in Summerlin, Northwest part of LV and a cab ride would probably be expensive.  They also offer a shuttle to the Strip.  There's a mandatory $5 a day "resort fee" added to the hotel bill, which is worth it if you're riding the shuttles every day.   Also, there's a charge to use wifi ($13 a day), which is expensive, so just go to a local cafe.The hotel is clean, comfortable, and easy to navigate.  Staff are courteous and friendly.  The room was spacious, updated, and had a view of the JW Marriot Golf course.  They have a 24 hour bowling alley ($1 game after midnight!), a movie theatre, and bingo hall.  The crowd consists of older folks, locals mostly I think.  Overall, the experience was more enjoyable than staying in one of the Strip hotels and more affordable too.
3	went with my fiancee and teenage son to see transformers. Ticket prices paled in comparison to prices for popcorn, goodies & drinks. Frigging outrageous!!! It's junk food, not Beluga caviar. Theater was clean though, good sound, and got more than our money's worth of pre-feature movie trailers.
5	Stay here alot. Older looking then the fancy ones on the strip, better place for small kids, but  very clean and the staff is really friendly.
4	I agree with Mark W.  Red Rocks is the place to be!!  BUT in all fairness I was VERY pleased with the service and cleanliness of the rooms!  I would have NO PROBLEM coming back to the Suncoast.  They are nice and the beds awesome - nice soft sheets that are clean as well. (Are you listening Luxor???) You are TREATED like a valued GUEST and they seem to know about service and about how housekeeping WORKS.  I even found the baggage guys polite and with a proper attitude.  Knowing the entertainment that was playing in the showroom that night I was VERY pleased at how polite the bartender was - he was older and had a PERSONALITY !!!  I was also impressed in the restaurant how nice the four of us were treated as well AND good Italian food !!!  Only one problem in the giftshop the cashier (not the manager she is wonderful) had a problem with my debit card as it did not have my "name" on it and did not seem to know english all that well - getting frustrated I just paid cash for my stuffed kitty!!!  All in all a nice FRIENDLY place to stay.  Seems child friendly and folks that have kids don't let them run around wild either.  I slept like a log and weas VERY pleased at how I was treated here!!
5	The Suncoast is a great getaway for those who do not want to be in the chaos which is The Strip.  Its value is great, service is good, and location is excellent.  Its the only place I stay when visiting Vegas (3-4 times a year).  Do not stay here if you want to be close to the Strip.  But stay here if you want an excellent and serene view of mountains and greenery.  If you choose to rent a car, The Strip is only a 15 minute drive down 95 and I-15.  The food selection is average, but the quality is good.  The 24/7 bagel grill is nice.  You cannot get lost inside this casino (unlike The Venetian) and all the ammenities are easily accessible.  A lot of bad reviews focus on the location of the hotel elevators, the smell of smoke in the casino, and parking.  But I've never felt that these were major issues, due to the casino's relative small size and scope.  I would highly suggest staying at the Suncoast.   Its value and location make it worth the trip.
3	So, this is in walking distance of my house. My father - rapidly becoming one of the senior class of Las Vegas locals, plays here a lot. The crowd is that sort - old Jewish Summerlin retirees. Hence the 24 hr bagel cafe and kosher hot dog stand outside the sportsbook. But they look more lively than the folk at the Rampart up the street.Things that are good: bowling alley is cheaper than the Red Rock, as is movie theater. Red Rock has IMAX and 3D, though. Ice cream parlor here is awesome, and in fact, better value than the Ben and Jerry's in other casinos.Things that are bad: restaurants have very much declined in quality since opening day. My dad favors the breakfast buffet, which is cheap but flavorless, the old people like it that way. I do enjoy this breakfast buffet for one reason, though: they're busting ass to cater with Jewish comfort food. Seriously, all you can eat bagels and lox? Sometimes the tzimmies are kinda undercooked, but this buffet features the best noodle kugel I've ever had off the buffet line. I don't even make kugel that good at home.So yeah, I'd write it off as a shit buffet but they obviously know their clientele and are busting to make it work.
4	I only stayed here because this is where my boss Kyle always stays, and as we were meeting in Vegas before my stay at the Venetian it only made sense.I expected it to be nice because Kyle is picky and he wouldn't stay at a crappy hotel multiple times a year. I can say that I was not disapointed. The rooms are big, with floor to ceiling windows that gave me an excellent view of the golf course and mountains. very relaxing. The hotel is mall enough to not get lost, the smoke issue isn't an issue for me as I'm a smoker (quit complaining, it's Vegas!). The staff were friendly. The buffet was so so, but they do sell liquor at their mini-mart and that was great!I didn't spend much time here, but if I ever get a hankering for a stay in Vegas away from the strip, this is where I'll go.
5	I have to love the very hotel & casino that hosted the most under-rated musician and super-human....GINO VANNELLI ! ! !I saw him here in concert and was blown away!Excellent show!Excellent staff!Sexy waitresses, reasonable prices, excellent decor and just all around wonderful experience!
3	We walked in through here to get to Cafe Sienna.The exterior of the building is quite nice and this place is pretty big.As soon as you enter the smell of cigarette smoke and the sound of the slot machines hits you.. .ting ting ting ting.. you know you are in Vegas!They are open 24/7 - gambling and food!The crowd here was much older, enjoying drinks, meals and gambling.This wouldn't be my kinda casino to stay it but decent enough.
3	Nice locals spot but always welcoming out of state visitors.  Great games and good eats.  Can't beat their prices on rooms and food.  They also have a bowling alley and theater for the kids.
3	I have no problems with the casino.  The place seems nice and clean. My problem was with the Dreyer's Ice Cream place.  I know it shouldn't define the whole casino experience, but I have been to this casino a few times over the years and there are never enough seats at this ice cream place.  They have a huge line of customers to buy ice cream and so few seats and tables to eat it at. I hear that the casino actually owns the ice cream place.  So if they do, why don't they reorganize the place and make it more comfortable for people to wait and eat ice cream.  Bad planning in my opinion.
3	My husband and I refer to this place as 'Senior Coast.' Because of it's proximity to Sun City Summerlin (a retirement community) it attracts the geriatric set. The hotel is a solid four stars in my opinion. I stayed here a couple of times before I became a local as my parents are members of said clientele. The rooms are large and both times we had a beautiful view of a golf course and mountains. For the casino I rate it 3 stars due to lack of ventilation (very smoky) and the overall atmosphere.There are lots of video poker machines, just watch the pay tables the machines in some areas of the casino are higher than others.  If you are under 60 you will probably have a better time at nearby Red Rock.
4	My hunny and I stayed here when we visited friends who were about to graduate from UNLV. This place was the perfect place to stay since we didn't want to be on the strip. Our room was definitely a step up from other hotels we had stayed in previously. The bathroom was huge and nicely decorated; the tub itself was enough to invite one in for a bubble bath. The room was spacious, complete with floor to ceiling views of the golf course and beautiful mountains. My aunt used to live in this side of Vegas, so staying there felt like a home away from home. I can't wait to come back!
4	Stayed here with family - 3 kids. I'll grade my review on different areas of this property.Casino: ANice size, lots of machines and tables, friendly dealers, cheap tables. Sports book was also good size, friendly lines on sports :) , and they serve free drinks if you are betting on sports or horses. Awesome. Played in a poker tournament which was a great experience. Friendly players and dealers and a low buy-in. Buffet: BFood tasted good, average selection. Breakfast was way better than dinner. Way cheaper too.Hotel room: AGood sized room, everything worked, no weird smells. Clean.Service: AHotel registration and checkout was super easy. This is a big area for me. If check in sucks it can set the tone for a bad stay. Registration should be commended for their service. Location: BAbout 15 minutes from the strip. Good area, lots of restaurants and shopping within a 5 minute drive. Pool: DThis is my only gripe on the entire property. The pool is tiny and there is nothing doing down there. Too small to enjoy yourself whether you are a couple or with kids. Intangibles: B+Kids liked the arcade (although small), bowling alley is huge and a nice break from the casino, there is a coffee shop and bagel bakery with good prices and food. I would stay here again if the price is right again. Paid $99 on a Saturday night then $26 on Sunday night. Hard to beat that.
3	One of many places where Las Vegas Locals tend to congregate. We pretty much here went with our good friends that now live in Vegas to spend some time playing pai gow. Since it was late and a week day, it wasn't too busy at all, which is great since sometimes finding an empty pai gow table is a chore. Our first dealer was awesome, but it was her last shift and went home right after. The resulting dealers were alright. One was green, which is probably why she was working the swing shift. It was clean and wasn't smokey at all, which is a big plus. I was able to make a short return on my investment, so I left on pretty good terms. There's tons of parking right out front.
4	If you plan on renting a car on your Vegas vacation and want to be somewhat near Red Rock, this is the hotel for you.If you play your cards right you may be to grab the 29.99 suite special.  And for 29.99 the room is fabulous.  Not only is the hotel beautiful, but the casino is pretty nice too.  Pros: Movie theater on site, TGIF, Buffets on site.  Across the street is the Cheesecake factory and a shopping center.  Drinks are reasonable.  Plenty of slot machines and tables for gamblers.  Ice Cream and coffee shop on site. Opportunity to check out the locals and near plenty of outdoorsy activities.Cons: about 20 miles from stripNot for people looking for extreme excitement.  You'll need to head out to the strip for that.  People come here because they want to avoid the strip.
4	Review for the casino only:The casino floor has gotten a bit friendlier with the removal of some of their machines.  The layout now gives you more room, and they have placed several of their machines on 4 machine pedestals that give you lots of room and separation from fellow gamers.FYI, if you're going during NFL season, the cocktail waitresses are not dressed as nicely as they are during the rest of the year.  Instead of the great outfits they normally wear, they're free to wear team logo shirts  and other gear that tends to cover them up more.  Who cares if they like Team X?  I like the normal slinky looking cocktail outfits.  For that reason, I can't wait for football season to be over!
5	Second time staying here, and I can honestly say I wasn't disappointed! Even though the place is pretty outdated and really far from the strip, the customer service, free shuttle from the strip and airport, and the views make up for it. Upon arriving at the check-in desk, the lady asked if I had in fact reserved a smoking room. Thinking that this was heading in the same direction as the Excalibur experience, I firmly said YES. She coiled back from my fierceness and timidly explained that they ran out of the room type we reserved (arrrrrgh!) BUT they were upgrading us to a suite (whoo!). We headed up a million flights and walked a million miles to our room to discover.... a HUGE one bedroom king suite! Complete with four t.v.'s (although two we old fashioned tube t.v.'s), a full living room, a huge dining room, full bar (minus the liquor) with stools, and gigantic bathroom with jacuzzi tub and separate shower, and a terrific view of the strip!Yeah, sure, the place is outdated. This room was not up to par with 2010 (more like 1990) but hey, it was gigantic and for $99.00, how could I complain?The ONLY real issue with Suncoast are the hard beds.  That's nothing a little (or a lot) of liquor can't fix though.
4	Chose this place for Thanksgiving buffet, owing to the fact that i'd already cooked a turkey, homemade southern cornbread dressing, giblet gravy and mashed potatoes from scratch 3 days before. Wow, what a surprise, i was prepared for a bland buffet-style dinner, cold rolls, meh spiced food. what i got was surprisingly different.  yes they had the usual nursing home spiced entrees scattered throughout, but the highlight of my evening at suncoast was the truly amazing prime rib. now i love a blood-sucking piece of rare prime rib & that's what i got. not only that, but the au jus they offered had a kick to it that made horseradish seem unimportant. it was sooo friggin good, i couldn't believe it came from a place that is notorious for satisfying seniors. i'm a seafood lover at the core & yet all i wanted for was this beautifully cooked and seasoned meat. i will be back whenever they are serving it.  all the other sides paled in comparison.  service was surprisingly swift, coffee was served quickly after picking from the paterissie. so happy the food turned out good while hosting people i'd rather meet on rarer occasions.
3	Non-hotel guest review:A decent local casino but seriously lacking in hallways.  You need to snake your way through the slot machines and many times it gets extremely narrow.  The sports book is pretty small compared to other local casinos.  Doesn't offer anything different from the other nearby casinos.It's more convenient to park in the front than in the parking structure.  Even if you are going to the theatre, the walk through the long hallway back to the parking structure takes too much time.
3	I have to agree that the casino floor is more inviting than it had been previously.  And now that I'm finally resigned to the fact that penny machines are here to stay - and that I'm actually doing better with them than at my old, beloved nickel reel machines - I've returned to the Suncoast.  It's more comfortable than it used to be, and it's nearby.  Now if they will only show their appreciation for my low-roller patronage the same way that MGM does, I'll be going more often.  But that's not likely to happen :)
2	I would give the Sun Coast a 2.5.The casino itself rates a 3. It's a pretty decent off the strip casino. Better atmosphere than the older ones (Orleans, Gold Coast), but nothing to really separate it from the newer locals casinos. The slots and layout are typical to what you would see in a typical local casino.The bingo parlor rates a 2. My wife and I have been here on a few occasions. The bingo game itself is fine/average. The part that is lacking is the customer service. We're not expert bingo players but enjoy going every few months or so. Today when I asked the bingo card seller lady about the bonus games you can purchase, she acted like I was an idiot. For example, she asked if I wanted to validate my card. I asked what that meant. She said it was the hot ball. I asked what that was and she gave me an attitude like I should know. I finally got all the information I needed but felt like I had to pull teeth to do so. While the bingo numbers were called, a couple of the workers were making small chat with the regulars. This made it difficult to hear the numbers being called.While the above are specifics re:today's bingo experience, this is pretty similar to what we have experienced there in the past.We'll probably go back for bingo because it's really convenient but there's definite room for improvement.
4	Stayed for a convention for a week. Great rooms. Nice view. No complaints. INCREDIBLY affordable.Bowling alley and arcade for the kids. No complaints about this place.
4	One of my favorite neighborhood casinos, this place rocks because....- There are other things besides gambling here.  Movie theaters, bowling alley, and food!- Easy access parking.  The parking garage and the surface lot are very convenient and easy to get in/out.  There's always plenty of parking too, even during special events.- Intuitive floor design.  It is always easy to find people and places in the casino.  It's not like a lot of the Vegas casinos where you don't know where the hell you are!- Great gambling selection.  Although I no longer gamble, I tell all of my friends who do to play here.  They have loose machines and low limit table games....something for everyone.- Decent rooms.  I've only stayed in a 2 bedroom suite here.  It surprised me as it was very elegant and was similar to a few hotels I've stayed at on the Strip.  Gorgeous view of the Las Vegas Valley if you have an East facing room.  Not what I would expect from a locals casino.Overall, it's good times here.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood.Will I return?  No doubt.
4	King bed. Everything works. There is a patch job on the wallpaper and the toilet seat is crooked. The view isn't so great...we're looking at the roof -_- the bed and pillows are a bit firm for our taste but overall it's a nice place to stay :D got a great deal through hotels.comlove that there's a movie theater and a bowling alley :D
3	I've never actually stayed at the Suncoast so I'm reviewing the casino itself. They always have talented, attentive dealers who seem to have personality unlike most of the strip casino dealers.The restaurant options aren't all that plentiful but I believe the T.G.I. Friday's is open 24/7. Their bowling alley and movie theaters are both top notch so I'm always perfectly ok with coming here although I'd obviously prefer Red Rock or Sante Fe.
4	I recently stayed here for 3 nights. The room was quite large with a king bed and a sitting area with a fold out couch and a table with chairs. Large TV. Very large bathroom with 2 sinks and a separate toilet/shower area.  There was even a phone in there!  Small refrigerator, nice sized closet. View overlooking the golf course. Bed was a little firm for my taste. The room was very nice and clean. Very quiet in the rooms, even at night.  Workout facility is clean. Casino has nice updated machines. Parking in the garage is easy. Even went to the movies, was surprised that the movie ticket price was comparable to other theaters.
4	OK-its far form the strip (summerlin) but it is a nice hotel that you can get a a very good rate and they have shuttles to the strip & airport. so worth the money saving!
5	Upon first impression:I had never heard of this hotel/casino before I stayed there last week. I went because it's close to the hospital, and a friend was having surgery. This hotel was recommended by his doctor.I was shocked at how inexpensive it was, and how nice (and spacious) our room was! Not only that, but the people who work at this hotel were nicer and more accommodating than any other hotel where I've ever stayed in Vegas.The casino itself is pretty cool, and I saw a lot of families there. They have a bowling alley, a movie theater, Bingo, a decent arcade (kid friendly), and their table games were $5 min during the week (which is just my style haha). There's a golf course there, too, so my view was not too shabby. Being able to watch snow white rabbits bounce along the rolling green from the 9th floor was a definite plus.The dealers were great, the cocktail and restaurant service was great... all 'round, this was a fantastic experience- especially considering we were there for the hospital!Because they made my stay so comfortable and enjoyable, I will definitely be staying here again the very next time I go back to Vegas.
5	The Suncoast is a great place to stay off of the strip. Its not fancy or that modern, but it is very clean and comfortable and the best part, they're cheap!! The night crew at the front desk are awesome. They always give me a warm greet and do what they can to accommodate me, they have even became sort of my friends! I definitely would recommend Suncoast to anyone needing to stay on this side of town.
2	Rooms are nice, but food and bar service is very very slow and takes forever! Will not order or eat here again.
4	I gave Suncoast 4 stars instead of 5 stars because of a few things. First of all, it was annoying how far the bathroom was from the bed. Plus the bathroom was pitch black, it's very hard to maneuver in the pitch black darkness. I know, sounds weird for someone to complain about darkness and the largeness of a room, but the room size was a waste. Not being familiar with the room/bathroom in the darkness (I am very near sighted, and darkness makes everything worse) is difficult. So, just a tip, bring a night light. Also, the smoke detector's indicator flashed all night.  You couldn't see it while you were sleeping with your eyes closed, but if you happened to wake up, it's flashing was annoying. Look out the window and we viewed the roof. Oh well.The pool entrance was off the second floor, yet you had to walk down a full set of stairs to get to the hot tub and then another set of stairs to get to the pool (then up again). That eliminates grandparents (who can't climb stairs) from taking the kids down to the pool. We were there the third week in April and it was almost too cold (and very, very windy) to go to the pool, so very few people were using the pool and/or hot tub. The buffet for breakfast was very reasonable pricewise, but the food was not so great.  Our made to order omelets were over-cooked (I didn't get my correct order), the corned beef hash was canned and not very tasty and the potatoes were greasy. However, the bagels were really good and they had a toaster that toasted them very quickly. The pop in the vending machines was $2 (sooo expensive!) and in the gift shop, one bottle would cost $2.25. We got a 6 pack of beer for $5.99. Okay, so those were the few annoying reasons for the 4 star rating.  The rest of this hotel/casino was wonderful.We ate at their tiny deli one morning and for an egg/bagel sandwich, coffee and bran muffin, coffee was less than $10. We split a Rueben sandwich that night and onion rings...really cheap and we couldn't finish the meal.The casino was bright and welcoming. I didn't think it was smoky at all. The bartenders were friendly. The cocktail waitresses came often. Lost some money, won some.  They also have fun bowling and a movie theatre. A great time was had by all. I love those penny poker machines.  Played and played and lost very few pennies.The rooms (except for the waste of space and the complete darkness, except for the flashing fire alarm) were terrific! Large flat screened TV. Comfy king sized bed with fairly comfortable pillows. A sheet then blanket, then sheet over the blanket was nice touch.  Wished the closet held another blanket though, got a little chilly at night (the way my husband likes it), I would have loved to have been a little warmer. Nice sized fridge (which we used) and there is a safe, which we didn't use. The closet was large with an iron and ironing board. Nice deep bath tub with great hot water pressure.  Lots of towels.  Huge counter space with double sinks and a coffee pot (my husband's favorite part of the hotel). Quiet. The room was really quiet. We never heard anyone outside the room or from other surrounding rooms.  We were fairly close to the elevators and never heard them either. The ice machine was close by and used it quite a bit.We drove 2 minutes to the Boca Mall (outside shopping) where there is boutique shopping, fine and fast food dining. Ross discount store (like TJ Maxx), liquor and just about anything you can imagine. Just perfect. Such a beautiful area. The location of this hotel is fantastic (though 12 from the strip, Harrah's - I googlemapped it - and 10 miles to the Freemont experience). It's next to the Marriott hotel and Rampart Casino. So there are other casinos you can walk to and I believe it would be an easy walk to Boca.The Suncoast is a lovely hotel (with a few quirky irritants). We will not only recommend this hotel to others, but will stay here again. We got this room through getaroom.com for $34 (not including the $5 mandatory resort fee) a night. I thought it was a deal (even with the $5 resort fee), plus it is close to Summerlin where my daughter lives.
4	its off the strip and you're located in more of a suburban area of town.There were lots of shops, cafe's and restaurants a short walk across the road (about 7 minute walk). There is also a liquor store and supermarket located in the same area if you need to pick up any last minute items.The hotel/casino was quite good. We got upgraded to a deluxe king room with views of the golf course and pool. The room was huge with a new flat screen TV. Tonnes of room in the bathroom and everything was clean and lovely. There was also a coffee machine that made decent coffee too.Concierge and valet were good. Upon checking in some of the valet seemed a little too busy socialising and not too interested in helping out. Eventually we got assistance with check in and getting our bags to the room.The pool was lovely, clean and lots of chairs available to sunbathe in.The casino floor was good. It wasn't too hectic like the places on the strip, so for a casino it was a little more subdued.We had breakfast on the last day and opted for the buffet. Lots of food, the egg's benny were very average, the fruit was fresh and yummy and some of the pastries were not too bad (croissant's were very dry).I would definitely consider staying there again if i didnt want to be on the strip as it was very affordable and suited a little more of a slower vegas trip.
4	OK, bear with me and this long review. I am a Las Vegas and gambling freak, so this kind of topic and review is in my comfort zone -- so hear goes. I rate the Sun Coast as four stars, only because they are just not up the super high standards of a mega casino on the Vegas Strip or Atlantic City. Sun Coast is now one of the Boyd Gaming properties having been acquired rather recently. Wifey and I have been Boyd Gaming regulars for about 30+ years now, being considered VIP regulars by Boyd Gaming and the downtown Vegas properties where we normally stay. This was our first trip to the Sun Coast, having been invited by one of the shift bosses for over a year, who has been a friend of ours for many, many years (he used to be downtown but was transferred all over the place). So we took him up on his offer and made the trip this past three day weekend. Our suite was very nice -- maybe not as nice a suite in a mega casino, but a pretty nice and comfortable suite for an off-strip property. I mean pretty damn nice. They have a nice casino with literally hundreds and hundreds of machines. However, they only have three craps tables and only one is going with some players. Since I am a craps player, I found this a little disappointing since I did not have the option of moving from table to table trying to play where the "hot" action is. I really believe that this issue is part of the cause for me to have lost a bundle at craps this weekend. But my wife did OK on the machines -- of course up and down, but mostly up. Then on the last night she lost all her winnings, but never went negative the whole trip. From my point of view, that is OK. They have a lot of dining options from simple push cart stuff like hot dogs, pop corn, snacks, sandwiches, etc. up to Northern Italian, Steaks and Seafood and stuff like that. We ate at the buffet a couple of times and that was OK -- nothing spectacular, but not bad. We ate at the Oyster Bar for seafood and that was very good -- good food, good prices, and good draft beer -- and let me say again, pretty good prices. We also ate at the SC Prime Steakhouse and had super-premium scotches, oysters, rib steaks, and lamb chops, sides, salads, etc. Again pretty good food and good prices. Let me clarify again and say that the food is very good (not outstanding) and the prices are very good (not cheap, but not atrociously high). Also, for those visitors that are not on full-comp with the casino, it is very, very easy to "earn"  free meals at the buffet and the cafe.  It really does not take much play to earn meals from breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Using machine play as an example, the system works on a dollar in basis (dollars played, NOT WON OR LOST).  You can earn free breakfast for only $300 in.  With $600 in, you earn dinner.  If you play $900 total in, you earn breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Maybe for non-players this might seem like a lot, but it is not really.  For example, playing at the quarters level, $900 coin-in is only about 3 hours of play per day, for a slow (speed of play) player.And lastly, the people and staff though out the property were nice, courteous, and very friendly. This is a reflection of the upper management of the property that must demand this kind of customer service from its employees.
4	This is my favor place to have fun and gamble.I like the steak house up stair.Their age dry steak taste awesome.
1	The bowling alley here treated our family like crap. Our idea was to go for fathers day and have a nice afternoon. Instead, they put us next to the bowling leagues and these people then started harassing us because we were taking pictures. No one from management attempted to stop these people from yelling at us. All this plus when we asked for a ramp to help our child bowl we were told that;"Kids need to suck it up, we reserve the ramps only for the handicap." Are you kidding me? Tell my son to suck it up!! He couldn't throw the light ball they had. When I went to the front desk to let them have it, they called security on us!! ON US!!!! They put us in the alley next to the pro bowlers!! The bowling alley subjected us to horrible language from these people yet we were wrong!! I will never set foot in the bowling alley again!! Family friend my butt!!!
3	This place is just one exit away from my sisters house, so we come here pretty frequently, especially for the sportsbook. The sportsbook here isn't anything close to how awesome Red Rocks sportsbook is, but it's pretty decent and this location is pretty close. This casino also has a bingo hall, a bowling alley which we usually go to when I'm in town, a movie theater and the best part of all is their little 75 cent hotdog stand which is awesome. Oh yea, need I mention a awesome cafe that serves huge donuts and yummy chicken wings.
4	I've stayed here twice and gambled here about 50 times.  The gambling isn't what it was in the past, so I choose to lose my money elsewhere now.When it comes to the room, it's pretty clean and comfortable. I am an experienced traveler, so even before I take my luggage into the room, I do a thorough inspection first. They passed my test.For the extra money, I do think the golf course view rooms are worth it (see my photos).  I spend minimal time in my room, but waking up and enjoying the gorgeous views outside my window was truly lovely.  Wifi is $12.99 per day and there is a $5/night resort fee (cheap compared to most other Vegas hotels).Also, at around 6pm, I noticed about a dozen really cool small animals running around the golf course.  I couldn't see well enough to figure out if they were jack rabbits, or bobcats, or baby coyotes, or something else, but they were really fun to watch.It's funny because another reviewer referred to this place as being "older."  It's only ten years old.  I remember watching it being built.  It's younger than most of the strip casinos, including the Bellagio, MGM, TI, Mirage, Caesar's, etc. There are plenty of other hotels that are "older" in Las Vegas, in fact, they are several decades older.
4	I love this place. Get a golf view and watch the hundreds of rabbits at sunrise and sunset.
3	I was a little nervous at first when i pulled up to this hotel which started with no one to greet me at the check in desk.  I actually had to ring a little bell before i a receptionist came to help me.  I was very impressed with the size of the room way bigger then i had ever expected.  Room was clean and the hotel was quiet.As far as food, there was a wide selection which included a TGI fridays.
1	I rarely rant, but I feel that one star requires an explanation. See below for ranty explanation.Pros:-Big rooms-Quiet-Cheap-Nice view of the golf course if you select a more expensive room-Clean rooms-Fridge in the roomCons:-Non-smoking floor doesn't guarantee that your room won't smell like smoke-Unaccommodating staff-Limited shuttle service from the airport to the hotel-Wifi is $13/night-Small, dirty gym-Extremely limited pool hours (closed at 6pm)-Ridiculously difficult to find the elevators for the hotel rooms-Far from the stripI had to be on the outskirts of town for a conference, and Suncoast seemed like the cheapest option. I wasn't expecting much, but I got even less. My first room on a non-smoking floor reeked of cigarette smoke. It took 2 nights to get a new room. In the interim, they offered to come spray my room with air freshener. I agreed and no one ever came to my room. When I was finally able to switch rooms, no one offered to compensate me, and the staff was not even apologetic. Once in my new room I paid the $13 for wifi. The wifi was not working. After 3 calls to the front desk they promised to send a technician up. An hour later the technician had still not come up, so I called again and then had to wait an additional 15 minutes. The technician was able to connect one computer using the ethernet cable and told me that I would not have to pay for internet that night since he could not get the wifi to work. When I checked out I was charged for the wifi. After explaining what had happened to the front desk clerk, she told me that she would take it off "this time" but only because she was giving me the benefit of the doubt. This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.
2	I've lived here for two years in the area and had never checked out the Suncoast;  I decided to dip in on my own and see what was up.  It was very, well, not Red Rock or even Texas Station.  It felt run-down, and very sort of broken-in for the locals.  They had decent specials on beer for football, and apparently their sports book had okay spreads, but really I don't think it's for the 28-year-old on the go.  More... older.
5	Driving to this strip isn't necessary if you're looking for a great looking casino. The Suncoast Casino accommodates all ages as well. I use the Suncoast Casino for nearly everything that's why I gave it 5 stars. They have a great buffet, a huge bowling alley, giant movie theatres, and of course, a nice size sportsbook and bars. I have a great time every time I go to the Suncoast. I check-in a minimum 3 times a week here.
3	Prices are very reasonable. Room was clean. Off of the busy and ultra-touristy Strip and overall quality of the patrons is good. This a great place to stay if you do not like the Strip atmosphere [which can get pretty ugly at times] Family friendliness & coziness of the place top things off nicely. I do not approve of their buffet though because of selection and overall quality is on the lower end.
2	The hotel lobby is cigarette-filled, the casino is for locals & grannies, the buffet is international around-the-world style (get your 2 for 1 coupons), but it does have cool stuff to do for the kids...movies and arcade.  Some of the hotel rooms are facing the golf course next door, so that's a nice offering.  But I personally can't get past the smoke-filled lobby.  The check-in process is second-class and slow...so you are forced to inhale wads of extra junk for your lungs.The pool is okay, and near empty when I've been here.  If you get a really good deal, then I suppose it's okay.
4	My family and I have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions. There is something for everyone to do in this Hotel, including the movie theaters and the Bowling Alley. We also take advantage of their Fitness Room another great place to get some exercising done.The rooms are Spacious and the Beds are comfortable.
3	My father-in-law stayed here and we stayed at the JW Marriott.  The rates were the same and in looking at his room versus our room, I would rather stay next door at the Marriott. There definitely is a lot more to do in this casino - there is a bowling alley, movie theater, and the restaurants are quite a lot less expensive.  We had breakfast at Cafe Sienna and thought it was just average.  (You get what you pay for.)  Brunch Buffet was really good and there was a lot to choose from.  (Asian, Mexican, Italian, large dessert station, salad bar, etc.)Bottom line - This is not a horrible place to stay.  The rooms are decent and the staff is nice.  You are close to a good sized mall and just a drive away from the Strip.
5	Great rooms, great casino, decent food.The rooms here are very nice, and the golf view rooms have the best 'non-strip' view you can get in Vegas.  Rooms are large, well appointed, and although not brand new, are kept clean and comfortable.The casino is large enough and offers good table limits.  The poker room usually has pretty good action.  The B connected comp program is a big plus.  I've gotten a room comp every month this year.  That said, the room is well worth the going rate.  But I'm grateful for the comps nonetheless.The food here is hit and miss.  The breakfast buffet is excellent, one of the best I've had.  The dinner buffet is lousy one time, but very good the next time.  The cafe is usually good, and the SC Prime steakhouse is very good.It's way off the strip, which I think is a huge plus.  But its close enough to Red Rock, Aliante, Santa Fe and other casinos to give some variety.Definately a comfortable stay and a 'player friendly' casino.  We'll be back again and again.
1	The casino stinks of smoke. The steak house is good and great food but the rooms have nicked and broken furniture in the suite rooms. I realize times in Vegas are bad but there is a point that you need to invest in you hotel.This place is an ashtray. 10 minutes in the casino is like smoking 2 packs of cigarettes. Even our dealer was complaining and have a hard time breathing.Boyd gaming should be ashamed of this dump hotel. One last thing the coffee shop sucks
4	I still maintain that my husband and I were the youngest ones there when we went to visit. Why did we choose the Suncoast and not somewhere on the strip? Because we used to live in Vegas and we avoid the strip like the plague. Plus, we weren't there to gamble. We were there to re-assess Vegas and see if it's a place we would want to move to again. (no)When we lived in Vegas we were about 10-15 minutes away from the Suncoast. The Suncoast is also where I spent the day with my friends when 9/11 hit. I still remember sitting at the bar with other locals, staring at the tv, tears streaming down my face. I was supposed to have gone to see a movie with friends, but all we could do was sit at the bar and watch the news.That said, I was so surprised at the rooms here. Goodness what a great place. I was expecting a bit of a seedy locals casino. No, not at all. It was incredibly cheap for the 2 nights we stayed.I'd recommend this to anyone who wants to stay in Summerlin and avoid the strip.
5	I love this place. Listen, I'm a drinker and a gambler and that's why I come to this casino, so that's what this review is about. If you're more into shopping and luxury and "OMG the atmosphere" and you don't care about paying premium prices for it, then by all means, go to the Red Rock and knock yourself out. You'll enjoy yourself more if that's what you're into.As for the Suncoast ... what's not to love? They've got a sports book as good as any on the Strip, and if you want to claim your own private monitor you've got a better chance than a lot of other places (including the Red Rock). The cocktail waitresses come around quite frequently and deliver your drinks fast. They also have a snack bar over by the sports book that sells awesome burgers and fries and $1 hot dogs.They've always got plenty of table games open, and it's rare that you have to be at a crowded table. It's also almost never a problem to find a table with a $5 minimum; go up the street to the Red Rock and they'll maybe have one $5 table that you have to wait 15 minutes and then elbow your way into, and the rest are $10 or $15 with shitty odds.Yeah, the place smells like smoke. People smoke in casinos. Yeah, it's probably an older crowd than you'd find on the Strip. What are you expecting, to hook up with hot chicks and meet the love of your life wandering among the slot machines on the casino floor? Go to a nightclub if that's what you're after. This place is a gambler's dream, so leave it all to me.
3	The hotel was quite nice. The rooms were pretty decent, and the atmosphere is ok  (the casino smells full of smoke, and you have to walk through it every time to get to the elevators). The restaurants are fine, but not extraordinary. If you are looking for the magnificent shops and quick access to all the entertainment, then the strip is the way to go. The Suncoast is affordable and you don't have to worry about the hustle and bustle of the strip. Some of the amenities are as good as the premium hotels on the strip, but there aren't any huge highlights. Next time, I think a hotel on the strip (even though it might be more expensive) woud be better.
4	We love the Sun Coast!!! Let me start by saying, we stayed here because we got comped on rooms so free puts things in whole other perspective.  But this is not your typical "free comps" hotel.  The rooms are 3X the size of anything you'll find on the strip.  Everyroom has amazing golf/mountain views.  Free shuttle service to/from aiport.  The rooms are older but extremely clean and well maintained.  By older, I mean gold bathroom fixtures and mauve carpet in the hallways.    Jan 2012 was our 2nd stay at the SunCoast.  We love this hotel and casino because there's plenty to do besides gambling.  The bowling alley is awesome & cheap, the movie theater is great and you have access to great golf courses.  The only thing missing during our "January" trip was the pool.  When we stayed here in August 2011, we lived at the pool during the day.  Overall the only other thing this spot is missing is a nice lowkey lounge or bar with a small band playing over in the corner.   The Sun Coast caters to the local retirees, the over 65 crowd.  This spot is definitely about RELAXING.  Here's a tip, if you want to go to the strip or downtown Vegas, save the $80.00  bucks round trip in cab fare and jump on the $2.00 Express city bus that has a bus stop in the SunCoast parking lot.
3	You know I really like this place a lot. I come here all the time cause my aunts live a block away and we always play bingo here. I like the fact that it is off the strip, and usually these days when I go to Vegas I try and stay away from the strip cause there is just too many people, but that's a different story if I am going with my family or some of my friends if they want to stay at the strip then we will, but honestly the rooms here at suncoast were really really nice, and the food they have is really good too. I wouldn't hesitate at all to stay there again.
4	Winner winner! So Ive never stood at the Suncoast but I have been in the rooms before, They are large and spacious! The casino is where I like to go! Now Suncoast and I have a love hate relationship, so far this year its been a love. As you walk in theres a ton of machines, and although I'm 25 I love coming here bc theres not a crap ton of obnoxious young tourists. I love to converse with the little old gramas while theyre smoking and playing the penny slots. I also seem to sit next to a lil lady and 3 mins later they hit it big! I always say I'm good luck to everyone but myself! LOL. I love how they have a bunch of penny machines, both new and old. They also have their fair share of nickle, quarter, and dollar as well as tables. Now Ive come here in the middle of the night as well as the afternoon and it seems that the best time to come is after 12pm. During the night its bare and its hard to find a waitress or even win more than 10$ on slots. Ive been there twice in the afternoon and both times I won 100$ and was able to find a waitress who kept coming by.In addition to the slots they offer many other things to do: You can see a movie at the theater, go bowling, or dine at the restaurants they have there. We often go midnight bowling and go eat at the buffet for breakfast!I will continue to go here bc its not annoying and SUPER close to my home!
3	I like this place. I work as a travel agent and love to stay in hotels. This was our first time at Suncoast.The good: -We stayed in the Golf View Room. The view is awesome- beautiful view of the golf course. I almost felt that I was looking at a scene from a different country or a painting that had come to life.  -The bed was reasonably comfortable. I liked that there were  plenty of chairs in the room.-Room service: quick service, nicely done.The not-as-great:-The room had what appeared to be markings on the ceiling made by previous guests. Don't know why the staff never bothered to clean up. It's a little disconcerting to look up and see a smiley face on the ceiling!   The lamp in our room was very wobbly and needed repair.-We stayed for a week and we never want to eat at TGIF again. The variety of room service offerings is not very wide, needless to say! Non-TGIF foods were kinda blah.  For variety we would have tried the bagel restaurant but it is so overpriced we refused to step foot in it.  The buffet is average but affordable.  The gambling floor was the same as most other gambling floors. My partner had a great time (But this was a first-time visit so there is nothing yet for her to compare it to).  She found the tables to be enjoyable and thought the staff were so friendly she wants to come back just to hang out on the floor again.  Not I.The Suncoast has a cosmic bowling alley, a movie theatre, a showroom, and a few restaurants. For me, it's fine for a short stay, but I wouldn't want to be here for more than a couple of days because there's really not much to do, in my opinion. I like it just fine for a weekend and wouldn't have a problem coming here for a mini-staycation.
4	The Good - Nice rooms, beds are a bit hard but comfortable, large rooms (about 550 sq. ft), great view if you get the golf course side, small refrigerator, onsite restaurants, onsite bowling alley, onsite movie theater, discounts for those 50 and older, pool and hot tub, the buffet (cheap but plentiful and good food), prices (rooms less than $50 during the week), quiet in the rooms, large 2 sink bathroom, free parkingThe not so good - like most casinos, pretty smokey, the parking is a long walk to the rooms through the smokey casino (and difficult for someone like me who is handicapped), some of the employees seem really tired and are grouchy, wifi $13 a day for one device (optional), $5 per day service charge (not optional)
4	So I accidentally booked this hotel thinking I was going to be staying at the Goldcoast...when in fact...I had my reservation at the Suncoast! Haha they all sound the same to me. They are both owned by the same company anyways.When I arrived at the Suncoast, I was very surprised. The neighborhood that this casino is in is very spiffy, nice, and clean. The hotel and casino was very nice as well. It reminded me of the Goldcoast but bigger and cleaner. The hotel room was very spacious with a big restroom too. Man, my hotel room came with a couch and great view of the Las Vegas city and valley.I really liked that this hotel had a theater so accessible. Oh yes, they have a T.G.I Fridays as well like in the Goldcoast. Great time here!
4	Much better than I thought it was going to be. Its motif is comparable to GVR or South Point. Laid back gambling.To their accolades I have never been asked if I needed a cocktail as many times as in this place I love free cocktails!  Friend won almost $400 on craps, I was down $30, not too bad.
4	Having been a Vegas local for eight years I was used to the amenities of the Suncoast but had not ever stayed there. The rates and knowing that it was a well-maintained property brought me to choose it for a recent overnite stay.  A wise choice on my part. The property is known as being a very good locals casino in a very nice part of town -- Summerlin. The rates are low because it is a Coast (Boyd) property. If you don't have a need to be near the Strip, the Suncoast is definitely the Boyd property to pick. Clean room, efficient, friendly check-in and a staff that is focused on the guest. For the gamer, the comps are above average. It does not take much play to get a buffet and if you are even a casual player they may be able to hook you up with some promotion for your next stay. The table games are typical but I do like the dealers. $5 blackjack is common throughout the day (even double deck). The poker room is more or less an afterthought; which is disappointing when you consider the efforts Boyd puts into a big room in a dump like the Orleans. Boyd sportsbooks are among the best and I look forward to returning during football season.All-in-all, this is one of the best values in town.
4	I really like this place, stayed here several times. Valet parking cannot be appreciated enough..attendants running to and fro.. parking & returning cars..  Seattle's Best Coffee when you walk through the front doors. Gambling is decent, sports book has a nice open feel. Kids like it too.  Movie theaters, bowling, arcade...family fun..Food is decent. I most like breakfast . Rooms are big and roomy.. all round great place to visit ....
3	This place is located on the West side way off the strip, not as swanky as Red Rock but still a nice place.  It is a bit smoky, but they do have cheep Baccarat. The rooms a big and clean, the pool is no big deal. The buffet is good, and everything there is reasonably priced. If you find yourself on the West side, stop in and check it out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	VERY clean room.  Well stocked with towels & extra pillows. About $60.00/night including a fridge which the competition usually doesnt include.  Room much bigger than others at that rate.  Linens & toiletries were of a higher quality than rooms usually priced that low.  Friendly staff, very quick check in/out.  Location allows for less interaction with tourists (I still love you guys tho *wink).  Top of the list for the next staycation.
5	I was looking for a location to throw my daughters birthday party and the Suncoast was perfect! I got their two bedroom suite for one night and I loved the room! Right when I walked in the view of the golf course took my breath away! I loved that I had three big windows overlooking the golf course! The room was huge and it was a great space for a get together! Service was also great! The front desk got us checked in early and even allowed the bakery to deliver the cake before we even checked in! I also asked for the bell desk for some help and they did everything they could to assist us! They were also kind enough to give my cousin a discount for a one bedroom suite next to my room. I will definitely be coming back!
4	Ok first of all, if you are in need of internet, this casino is NOT FOR YOU!! It costs $13.00 a day! Swear! Other then that, this is a really nice casino/hotel!! We opted to pay an extra $15 for the golf course view. OMG. Soo worth That money! The rooms are clean and spacious. Extra pillows are in the closet along with an iron n board. The casino has plenty of places to eat and games to keep you entertained.I love the fact that they have 5 dollar blackjack tables for cheapos like me. Lol. My husband and I were impressed with The Suncoast! I would recommend this casino to my friends/family. Make sure you ask for the golf course view, you will Thank me:):)
3	Went there for Bingo, it was okay - smoking and non-smoking were in the same room, really wasn't much of a non-smoking area.  The whole experience was just okay.
1	The front desk staff is rude and seem to be inconsistently trained.  I was given the worst room in the hotel, with the very bright lights that light up the hotel at night shining almost directly into my room. When I tired to switch rooms, I had to speak with several members of the staff since each told me different, contradicting hotel policies. One said switching rooms at all would cost me more money, another that my room rate was a special for that room.  I was able to switch rooms when a more experienced staff member said that neither of those policies were true.  When I was going to check out, I called the front desk for the number of my airline so I could check the flight status.  I was first told I should pay for Internet at the hotel to look for that. Then when I convinced the lady to look it up for me, she expected me to navigate her on the website I could not see to exactly where to find a number. Not only did she claim to not see any phone number on the "contact us" website, she then also did not know how to use the "check flight status" feature of the website where you just enter a starting and destination city and date to find the flight.  She then rudely hung up on me before the conversation was even over.  There are so many nice places to stay in Las Vegas that I will make sure never to come back to this hotel again.
2	Vegas locals.We recently  booked a suite for my boyfriends birthday. Nothing crazy, just had a couple friends over for drinks (maybe 15 people max). It was about 1am when security let themselves into my room & insisted on checking everyone's ID. Said they received "noise complaints." But i never received a Warning Phone Call so i could have quiet us down, instead they proceeded to come straight up. Mind you, we were all well over 21. But they said it was "policy." The first 4 securities were actually calm & just checked everyone & were on their way out, when here comes another 3 (1 being their Top Guy) he called us over because we were the room renters & told me we had to get everyone out & downstairs because "Suncoast Casino does not tolerate any partying in their rooms." We spent a good amount of money getting A SUITE for the simple reason we wanted friends over. Not to mention, we booked a SMOKING ROOM, & the smoke detectors went off & here comes security again! They talked to us like we were adolescents. Wasn't a good experience at all!I will NEVER AGAIN book a room at Suncoast! & I would not recommend it to anyone else. Especially if you're looking to have a good time & hang out. Because they will shut it down.
4	This review is for the Suncoast's Oyster Bar, which has got to be one of the best kept secrets in town.The staff is exceptional. Very friendly and accommodating servers, who will go out of their way to make sure that your meal is exactly what you want. The food is wonderful. I've had the crab pasta, the shrimp scampi, and the fish tacos, and I haven't been disappointed once yet. The crab pasta is especially amazing. I order it almost every time. I just wish there was more seating.
1	I was quoted one price for a rate on a stay that wound up being open ended.  I was charged a different price and called to ask what had happened.  My information was taken for the manager that booked me.  I never heard back and will not stay at Suncoast in the future.  Very Poor Customer Service.
5	Is it on the strip? Nope.Now that that's out of the way, we can say exactly what Suncoast is: A clean, nice, comfortable hotel, right next to Angel Park Golf Course.I've stayed in the suites the last two times I've stayed there, and the suites are nice, roomy, clean, and comfortable. If you are coming to Vegas for the golf, or to bet on sports, Suncoast is a great option.
4	I know this place isn't huge like a casino on the strip but it still has the things us residential people want to do. I enjoy stopping in to see a movie or eat at the Mexican restaurant (they have great specials) or even play a few nickel machines. They offer a players card.There is a parking garage, valet and a private lot to choose for parking.The inside is clean as well the restrooms.  It is nice to have a place where tourists are certainly welcome but seldom go and we can have a nice local spot!
1	This review is for anyone who loves to play video poker. If your going to Suncoast to play video poker there are better places to play. The Deuces Wild progressive bank in the back  had only 12 machines then they added 12 more to it for a total of 24.Now it's harder to hit the progressive.  Then this October they did the same thing to the Deuces Wild progressive bank in the middle of the casinoThey also got rid of all the single deck machines that had The Super Aces game. Which pays you $500 for four aces without the kicker. Now to play Super Aces you have to play the game on the Triple Play machines, which has a single hand play option but who does that on a Triple play machine.They use to congratulate winners over the PA system. Not any more, probably because there are very few winners to announce these days. Maybe due to the tight machines.Many of the cocktail servers are rude and act like they are doing you a favor. As a long time local, Suncoast was better before Boyd Gaming bought it from Michael Gaughan who owns South Point.
3	I like this Hotel for the different imenities it has. It has a variety of different restaurants, a bowling alley and a movie theatre .For the most part it is clean and has nice rooms.
1	OK, so I know this is a Boyd place and not a high flaluttin' snotty joint on the Strip, but man-oh-man, this place is just low rent.  Considering the part of town it's in and the neighborhood, you'd think that a locals joint like the Suncoast would be a tad more up-market than it is.First, we get a players club promotion for a $7.11 Steak and Lobster dinner so we take a risk and head across town.  Alright, you have me, like what was I thinking, for $7.11 I am going to get some 5 Star cuisine for a pittance.  Well, no, I really didn't expect too much, but yuck this thing was just nasty.  Believe it or not, if you didn't have your players card, this is on the menu for about $13, which is still cheap, but it was still gross.  Even the wait staff agreed that this was some pretty nasty food.  Rubberized lobster and badly seasoned steak, yum, yum...NOT!OK, so we made it through our super cheap meal and then went out to the casino to play a bit.  Man this is one smoke filled stink hole of a place.  It was like there was absolutely no ventilation happening at all.  I have played lots a of places and even some of the lower end joints downtown do a better job of ventilation than the casino at the Suncoast. Plus, the machines were tighter than I would have expected for a locals place.  I don't expect to win or hit  a jackpot all the time, but it sure would be nice to spend your money and let it play for awhile before some one-armed-bandit steals you blind in 20 minutes.Then I go to use the men's room, ewww, it was dirty.  There was dust on the urinal and while it wasn't trashed like some highway pit stop, it was unkempt.Usually, I like Boyd joints.  I like the Fremont and Main Street.  I know what to expect in those places and to tell you the truth they are far superior in my opinion than the Suncoast.  Good thing I don't have to call that place my local joint.
3	First off I got a great deal on the room from one of the discount sites something like $70.00 a night for a suite room with a very clean and roomy bathroom. This was a birthday romantic getaway with my husband of 11 years and I must say we enjoyed the room;) My husband loved the buffet it was average to me I only eat seafood and the selection was not the best for me but if you like chicken, beef, pork oh man you have a big time selection. The best thing about the buffet is you sign up for a player card and you get the buffet half price like $7.00. If you like healthy selections try some where else. The deserts were nice though! Anyway it is a very smokey place to walk through glad I did not bring the children we always stay at Resorts with them. All in all it was a good experience I would stay here again for that price.
4	Found this place as the mystery hotel.  It is definitely way out of the strip however, but the nicest of the "coast in"  Our hotel room was for $55 dollars a nice including the resort fee. The showers were very nice and fancy and better than I expected. the machines made us winners. The only problem was that internet did not come with the resort fee and had to pay $5 dollars extra for internet a day which really sucked.  But oh well what can you do.  The parking was easy.  It was not crowded nor smoking really easy to get in and out.
4	We stayed at Suncoast on a Wednesday night.  The casino was hopping, I was very surprised.  Dealers are friendly and they offer the usual games, with quite a few blackjack choices.Our room was much larger than expected, with a nice seating area.  The bathroom was 2 rooms, the sinks were on a large counter, 2 people could get ready easily and not crowd one another.  The toilet and a good sized (for a hotel) tub/shower combo are in the other room.  There is a door, so that's nice if you are in the toilet area and someone is in the sink area of the bathroom.The rooms are equipped with an empty half fridge.  We didn't need it, but it was nice touch.  All in all, I don't know that we'll ever have reason to stay at Suncoast again, but I will recommend it to anyone and absolutely would stay here again should the need arise.The poker room was spreading $4/$8 stud 8 or better.  It's a game I'd not seen spread in other rooms, and it was nice to be able to play a stud variant.  Since Moneymaker, hold em is by far the dominant game in poker rooms.  I learned on stud, so it was great to be able to play some stud at a level that wasn't sky high (like it is at Bellagio).
5	The suncoast is the best hotel and casino off the strip. It has all the things you need. Great food and great rooms. But also they have really nice bowling and shows to go see. It is located in summerlin and you have a nice view of the mountains. I would reccomend staying Here.
4	Suncoast is a fun hotel a has great food. The bowling alley was very nice and giant I don't think they needed that many lanes there was not even a lot of people. The arcade was lacking games and the games they did have were very rather boring.
1	I went to the suncoast for the $7.11 steak and lobster special. Since it was suppose to be a 5 oz. steak like the website said, I got a tiny piece and when asked for it to be changed both the server and manager said its supposed to be 4 oz and they weren't going to change it. I will not be returning to any Boyd casinos after the way I was treated by the management at the suncoast. I've left 2 comment cards and no response I guess if you don't spend lots of money you don't matter to them.
2	I went here to do some gambling off the Strip.  I lost just as much money here playing the slots as I did on the Strip which disappointed me.  I was expecting at least just slightly better odds?  Oh well.  Also, too many of the slot machines are right near the doors and I was there when it was cold outside.  The waitresses ignored me (it would have been nice to at least be ASKED if I wanted a drink).  We ended up getting food at TGIFriday's because everything else had a super long line.  So overall I regretted leaving the Strip for this experience.
1	I called this place to get some information. Man too bad I missed the girls name. But she was the rudest I've ever encountered. She read her greeting super fast and before I could respond after her long greeting she goes "HELLO?!?!?!?! ::hangs up::" I didn't even have a chance to talk. That's a GREAT first impression to set for customers. This happened on Sat March 16 at 6:55pm. So I hope you guys figure out who she is and retrain her or put her in another position where she doesn't have to deal with customers.
5	Rooms are huge! Very clean and comfortable, great views, here for business, highly recommend!
3	This is a very nice casino. Very classy for a local casino. I came here for a presentation event so I went to the second floor to one of the meeting rooms. I have to say once you leave the casino floor this place is not much nicer than a Hilton Garden Inn. I did look out over the pool and the pool looked really nice. I also checked the restaurant menus and they seemed a little pricey for a non-strip casino.
4	This is a review about a play in their showroom. Tonight we saw a production from the Jewish Repetory Theatre of "Love Letters" performed by Loni Anderson and Hal Linden. They were excellent individually and together reading letters sent between two "Waspy New England" friends from well-to-do families over a 50 year span of time. Plot was predictable.  It was the performances from these veteran actors that was awesome. Bravo !!!
3	This is our neighborhood casino, well used to be.   It's in our neighborhood, but we don't go there as often due to the cutbacks that have made this not so much a good experience any longer.   Our favorite place used to be the 24 hour restaurant, and we still go there once in a while but not the same quality of food.   The machines are to tight.  We used to be go there, not to win huge jackpots, but to enjoy the machines and get some "Play" out of them.   Now you just feed the machines and nothing keeps you amused anymore.  So out the door we go, to other casinos across town.  Loosen up the slots a bit, if you can't open up the restaurant 24 hours, get a new chef.  Even the asian food has taken a nosedive.  The staff is nice, but I miss some of the cocktail waitresses from before.   Three stars for now, it's not totally bad, just bad enough.
1	I have stayed in this hotel on many occasions in the past but will never again. Boyd gaming will send E-mail offers wtih rates that are never availble. Stayed recently and hoad the most inpersonal checkin experiecne ever. Paid for the upgraded view which was effectively not available becasuse of window washing. Sent several E-mails to management no response. Bait and switch marketing is a pathetic way to run a business. Getting extra money and costing yourself return business is a poor business model.Management will lie and post response to review but will never actually contact customer and try to make things right.
1	This review is for those who are VIP/hosted gamers. I'm not going to ramble on about the casino since it's pretty decent. But if you are a high roller player DO NOT stay at this casino. Trying to get a hold of your supposed casino host was a complete nightmare. But they have no problem sending you welcoming letters, casino events, casino stay specials to reel you on. Yet when you try contacting them they are no where to be found. And what's worse is when you finally hunt them down, they don't care to help you out. But what happened to the nice host who sent me that letter claiming to help me with whatever I need? It's complete BS. DO NOT STAY HERE.
4	Very clean with the kind of friendly service that is getting harder to find on the Strip.Good, if somewhat smoky bingo lounge.
4	In stayed here Wed-Friday in May.. Ok..,. I liked the room, nice, clean spacious.. comfortable bed... better than other Vegas hotels I have been to ( Not mentioning names) Cost, was cool considering it was off days ( I think 35 wed, thurs, 65 Friday.. not too shabby for a holiday weekend) Pool... BEAUTIFUL.... BUT the bar at the pool wasn't open (BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!) This would be a great family place, It's about a $30 cab ride to Fremont St. and $35-40 to the Strip... Can be pricey... Wheel of fortune there doesn't pay out... unless it's just me... I'm young and wanted to kinda party with people my age.... so it wasn't suiting in that way ( Think more of older 50+ and families) I would stay here again... with my kids or grandparents.Spa (Pure) AMMMMMMMMMAAAAAZZING! I got a deep tissue massage by Stacey! (1st time ever) and she was GREAT!!!!!Oyster Bar: BOMB.COMBuffet: Mediocre.... Vegas has better buffets.....MGM *cough cough*Cafe Sienna: Decent and decent price...OH... and the lil shop there, is really well priced and has everything ( Including Hello Kitty wine! BAM!!)
5	Where do I start? We only stayed one night but was upgraded to huge suite and loved it! The bed was comfortable, the tube and shower to die for and the service was AWESOME. Sophia was the person who checked us in and out and thought she was soooo sweet! Thank you Sophia! There was a little store at the casino level right at the elevators which was nice as a forgot a few things. It was a ways from the strip but we didn't mind as my husband doesn't drink. But the area was beautiful! I didn't get a chance to gamble because I didn't have time so I can't review the casino itself. But the hotel gets five stars from me. We are coming back for sure!!
4	Loved the pillows
3	I wanted to post an update on my review about the Suncoast Casino. Someone from their management department contacted my husband and I via telephone and followed up with a letter of apology. My husband and I were both thankful since quite frankly we weren't expecting much after the treatment we received here. The person my husband spoke with was apologetic and listened to everything my husband had to say about our not so good experience here. Not only did we receive a call back and follow-up letter but my husbands employer also received a partial refund on the room. We may give this casino another chance in the future. I can only hope that someone got with their VIP hosts and reminded them just what exactly their job entails. Guests will only return to a casino if they've had a pleasant experience.
3	Not a Fancy Hotel but has a good casino and clean rooms..... and a great price.. I would go again
3	Love this casino, as for the gambling, if your up late at night be sure youre ready to empty your pockets out, you have no chance of winning.
4	My family and I just did a "stay"-cation there  and I have to say the Sun Coast really impressed me.  They upgraded our room, (which was unsolicited), and said room was spacious, clean, and had a fantastic view.  Every member of the staff was professional and really seemed to want to engage in good customer service.  The pool is a bit small, but clean and was surprisingly not crowded.  I really can't say enough about this property and will absolutely stay there again as well as recommend them to anyone who wishes a lower key experience away from the Strip.
1	Big Mistake not having the Hot Dog Cart during the Week Days
4	Time for a review update.  I've stayed at this hotel several times since I moved away a couple of years ago.  I can't comment on the regular rooms as I've only stayed in the suites here.  The 2 bdr suites at the end of the tower are awesome.  They have great views of the city/valley.  The other suites have spectacular views of the golf courses and surrounding area.  They're very spacious and luxurious.The casino and restaurants are still really good.  SC Prime Steakhouse is our fav place to have dinner here....we have dinner here are least once with friends.  Great service and food.  There are low priced restaurant options here as well....snack bar/deli, TGI Fridays, Coffee Shop, Ice Cream.  There's something for everyone.We didn't have time to go bowling this past trip, but we do every once in a while.  There's a ton of lanes and the late night bowling is fun.Overall, they're still doing a great job here at the Suncoast.Return Factor - 95%
5	Stayed here a few times and will every time in the future! Screw the Strip at $250/per night and extra $25 fridge rental. Here it's all included: vault, fridge in a spacious, quiet room with nice golf course view. There's Starbucks, deli, Fridays, seafood restaurant, bowling, theatre, spa, gym, etc. Best part is it's $60 a night without the strip traffic. I can't justify the higher priced Wynn, Venetian, Bellagio. Rather have that money for dining, shopping, massages and spa treatments. Can't wait for my next trip!
4	This casino is very low key, quiet and filled with the retired. She's several years older than her neighbor Red Rock Casino but she's not as over priced. Restaurants, drinks and entertainment may not be as hip or modern as the younger crowd expects but I like it.Our Aunt recently introduced us to Bingo and I swear, I never thought that I'd like it as much as I do! It's so cute seeing all the elderly and their superstitious habits. One lady had her trinkets and lucky charms, very cute!Another reason why we like coming here is bc unlike Red Rock, your points at Sun Coast do not expire! If you decide to take a break for a couple of months from gambling, your points will still be there! At Red Rock, it's like you never had points in your account. Such a difference.
3	Fairly clean. Staff friendly. Room service food horrible. Sushi place was very good. Movie theater was nice. To us it seemed to be going downhill a little. But the location is great for us.  Hopefully they do something about the rooms and room service
2	Don't stay here. Why?Casino floor smells more smokey than mostRooms are dusty and stuffy feelingFurnishings are all out dated and or mismatchedThe bed we ended up with was broken down on the sides so you're rolling off all nightThe pillows were like giant rocksThe toilet was clean but took for ever to flush like it was almost cloggedThe only reason I gave 2 instead of 1 was the room is big.
4	Booked this place on priceline and got great deal. I wasn't to sure if I would like it since it wasn't on the strip....but I was pleasantly surprised. Great place! Rooms were clean and updated. Nice friendly staff and great deals on the steak breakfast lol. I would def recommend a stay here. Great place if you want to be away from the crowds. I have nothing bad to say about Suncoast.
4	Last time we were here,  they had sold out so we got upgraded to a suite!  Wow! I felt so pampered! This time,  we are enjoying comp nights again and it's all good.  Clean and spacious with refrigerator in the room and telephone in the bathroom!  This is one of the few hotels that give comp rooms on the weekends
4	Is it so wrong that I'm digging; this hotel? I know it's virtually for a slightly more mature crowd, but it's small and straight to the point. What I mean by this is, the tables aren't all confusingly placed, they have food on one end, movie theatre on the other, it's just very well organized and simple.The dealers are also by far the most friendliest I've handled. Especially at the craps table and this dealer named Debbie, who i put all my luck in. Granted, I may have not won the big bucks, but it makes gambling more enjoyable. Yes, it's cigarette smelled, but what casino that offers $5 tables isn't? The cafe has hawaiian breakfast, the theatre isn't so bad, and they got an oyster bar. It's a good casino to go to if you're local and not in the mood for a slightly more "upscale" Red Rock.Oh and the Seahawks won!
3	This hotel is nice and not as busy as the major strip casinos but it was friendly and happy! I liked going here!
4	We stayed here for one of our weekend getaways and we loved it. We had a room with a view of the golf course, which turned out to be better than expected. We could see a lot of Las Vegas from our room. The bathroom was big and had a huge walk i shower, but no tub. Overall, definitely worth the stay.
3	I have stayed at Suncoast many times between moves, remodelling, etc.  The rooms are big, clean, comfortable and have fridge, microwave, coffee machine, etc. with extra space for sofa, table, chairs, etc.  it's really more like a mini-suite.  You can't beat it for the price.I have never met a grouchy employee.  They have always been nice and very attentitive.I'm not a gambler but I will sit at the bar and play blackjack.  $.25 minimum bet so $20 will last a long time and they will bring you whatever drink you would like and quickly.The down sides I see are the outdated "up the crack" cocktail attire. Those poor women!  The casino is a bit older so ventilation is not as good as newer casinos so it gets smokier.  It is a very old crowd so If you are single and looking to meet someone, this isn't the place.  Their coffee shop used to be great.  It's gone down hill.  The Italian restaurant is OK if you know what to order (calamari, caesar salad) but everything else is very bland.  TGIF?  won't step foot in that grease hole.  Deli was OK although I'm not into deli... HUGE pastrami sandwich was pretty good.  Theaters... I go to Red Rcok.Bottom line - great place to rent a room but go elsewhere for food and entertainment. Fortunately - they have a shuttle to the strip!
4	I have been coming here for years. Literally since it first was opened, 15 years ago. The Casino itself is nice and has a lot to offer! Plenty of slots and empty tables. Don't get me wrong, this place is always packed with locals. The movie theatre and sports book bring a lot of excitement to this location. Not to mention the $1 bowling at certain hours of the night. TGIFridays was a great addition to this already nice hotel/casino. Rooms here are above standard and not too pricey. You can get a pretty sweet view of the strip, if requested. Private parking for rewards members...
2	Me and my family stayed here on April 12 to 13 to attend the 50th wedding anniversary of our Aunt.  The kids who are with us, notice the foul smell of cigarettes as you approach the hotel lobby and casino.  That started a bad impression of this hotel.  The room is clean and ok but there are things that are missing.  No toothpaste so you have to buy it from a gift shop store downstairs.  There are no drinks or water in the refrigerator.  The internet is only good up to 1MB and after that you have to pay extra.  There is a service charge -- resort fee  for each room for $11.99 whether you use any of resort facilities or not.  We thought that this was a good place to stay considering that it is outside of the strip and away from the madding crowd of Vegas.  But it is not.
3	This is a classy little gem in the desert! This has the usual "Coast casinos/Boyd Gaming" look and feel but its a very quiet resort if youre just looking to get away. The food at all restaurants are very good , the rooms are comfortable, immaculately clean and larger than average. The pool area is relaxing and yes they are open Late. Theres even a shuttle for all you folks that dont like the serenity and want to leave!!!
4	I went here for a Bingo Tournament May 2014.  Everything from the on time shuttle service, room check in, clean large room, was perfect.  The only negative in the room is the air conditioner does not go below 70 degrees.  It was 100 outside and would have been nice intially to cool the room off more.  The food was just so so, nothing great.  The gambling...great selection of machines but tighter than I have EVER experienced, over 4 days!The Bingo...Terrific!    I will be back in December for the next one!Thanks!
2	Avoid this casino, You'd think it was 1970 with all the smoke, hey Suncoast every casino in Las Vegas has figured out how to suck this out so the casino is nice for everyone including the non-smokers. This place relishes it, it's not just a little smoky, here is a thick visible old smoke haze everywhere but the rooms. The rooms are okay and larger than most, but size does not make up for the rock hard beds, crunchy bleachy smelling towels or the bad food at the buffet. So stay here for location but spent your waking times elsewhere. I will give them three pluses;1. I've stayed in some really expensive hotels all over the country and it surprises me how often you get a room for $200, 300, 400 or 300 or even 500 a night and have no view or look out at a parking lot. In the case of the Suncoast most of the rooms look out on a very nice golf coarse and fancier hotels beyond. With floor to ceiling wall to wall windows it was like a magnet for us. We loved watching the golfers and enjoying the view as the time of day changed the scene. 2. The coffee shop was top notch and I will review it and score it high separately. 3. Well trained well mannered staff who were enthusiastic about greeting you from the buss boys to the maintenance crews to the room maids everyone greeted us, spoke up, had big friendly smiles and provided good service.I'm told the steak house and Mexican restaurant inside the casino are good but I was not able to try them. However, the buffet was perhaps the worst I've ever had, the staff seemed lost and had trouble with every single customer in the line, confused by coupons and perks that they should have been experts at, even the supervisors seemed inept and two spent some time arguing with another customer in front of all the other people in line. So while most of the staff were great, it felt like the buffet crew worked for another company and were all on their first day. One of the cooks yelled at me and another guest once inside too.With so many casinos to choose from and just as many buffets in Las vegas it's surprising this one gets away with being so bad. I'll review the terrible food when I write about the Buffet seperately.
5	I've enjoyed coming here for the entire time I've lived in Las Vegas and I just happen to come here 5 days a week nowadays
5	Been here at sun coast just about twice a week .... Beat casino to go to !!!   Very good food and they got the $.25 roulette table ..  Got great pay out
2	Stayed 3 nights. They had great rates . Casino is  way too smokey. Checking in there were only two employees . Rooms could use an update . They are large and have a fridge for no extra charge. Wifi is free when you pay resort fee but super slow. The sheets are a little rough, and the pillows are the worst! Everyone we went with woke up with sore necks and backs . Iron and ironing board are hooked together which made it very hard to iron. Despite that the iron still burned my dress. Not the best but hotel but was close to events we were attending at red rock.
2	We came here for a party and in one of the Banquet rooms, Suncoast provided food and beverages (not an open bar). The beer selection was lacking and this day and age, most casinos have portable taps they use for events. The food was very gross, they had an Asian them and the chicken and meat was horrible, full of gristle and fat. After the party we had to go and get some fast food.
1	I went in with my girlfriends for a fun saturday night to drink and gamble a little bit.  And I was surprised to find it truly was a very "little bit".  I have never been to any place where I was told I couldn't tip.  I always tip the dealers, but then he tells me I could only bet certain amounts for him because now it's capped.  Seriously? I don't appreciate anyone telling me what I can't and can do with my money.  Don't they see how obvious it is?  They think that if I tip less, I'll play more.  Wrong!  I'll go to Red Rock from now on.
2	My experience at the Suncoast Hotel & Casino was ok! Before checking in for my comedy show of Deon Cole. me and my friend's where getting sum drink at the bar. The service was really bad the bartender customer service was horrible! We where trying to get a second round and he was completely ignoring us! ?  We had to leave that bar and find a different one inside the Casino. Beside all that The comedy show of Deon Cole was all worth it! :0) he had me weak thru out the whole show! Lmao.. It was completely Hilarious and worth all the un necessary hassle we had to go thru in the casino.
4	Another casino review...why not?This place is in a four-way tie for the closest casino to my house.I've bowled on their alleys and eaten in a couple of their restaurants.They also have a concert hall, where I've seen a few bands play.And it's a nice concert hall, with tables and chairs, and a large dance floor.Of course, the main thing that I do there is play penny slots.They have a very nice variety of games, including penny keno, and they even have a couple of games that I have never seen in other casinos. It's a very large casino, and reminiscent of South Point in it's layout and brightness.Though I've never stayed in any of their rooms, I quite often notice their billboard offering rooms for $49-69/night. I guess that's in line with other locals' casinos, but this place always looks brand new.The reason South Point got 3 stars and I'm giving this place 4, is simple: It's way closer and way less crowded. The crowd at the other casino at 3 AM is the same as in this place at 11 PM (which I'm discovering is a big positive because I'm not getting any younger, and these all-nighters are starting to affect my kind nature.)The only reason as to why it didn't get 5 stars is the smoke. The casino has been kept in pristine condition since I first started going there a decade ago.They are constantly vacuuming the carpets and wiping down the machines, but I suspect that they haven't revamped the ventilation system at all. So there's my view on Sun Coast. I hope that it's helpful.
3	Locals Casino is all I can really say... Don't have very expectations going to this Casino which by the way my review is just merely on the casino portion as I've never stayed in any of the rooms! Based of what I've read doesn't look like I am missing very much! No pun intended lol. Sun coast actually happened to be one of those ducked off local casinos that most of the retired senior community comes to play and hang out like ALL DAY! If you aren't into all of the chaos that goes on at the strip and you want a more chill and laid back type of atmosphere then look no further Sun coast will get you together! The sports bet section is my favorite I can normally run right in and out after placing a bet without long wait times! Facility itself is pretty well kept you can tell it's a bit dated and can use some updating though.
1	Someone was stabbed there last night. That lead to a brawl between 20-30 people. The security is obviously not adequate.  No thanks!
5	Beautiful clean rooms, friendly staff, and lots of choices for entertainment
2	Watched a football game at the bar near the sports book.  Bar tenders are rude, and very slow to bring drinks.  They charged me 2.50 for a refill on a diet coke. First time I've paid for refill of a soda anywhere in America.   I was driver for the group, so I was not drinking.  Won't watch anymore NFL games here.
1	This is on the Oyster house...use to be great. Tonight empty, sat at bar and ordered steam clams and main course. After 40 minutes, threw $20 bucks on counter to cover cheap house wine and left. Wow, shocked how bad this place got.
5	These are the biggest room yet. And looking over the pool and golf course is great. The Sunday brunch can not be beat.
5	So having stayed here on like 40 separate occasions now, I'll give a more detailed review.  For me, it's 5 stars, but that's just because it's my home away from home.  And since I don't like too much change, the Suncoast fits me just fine.  So first let's talk about it's location.  Literally, it's only a 6 minute drive to downtown, and that's even with traffic.  The Strip is only about 12 minutes away, without traffic.  And all of these drive times are considering driving the speed limit.  Take the Summerlin Parkway to 95 to I-15, and you can get anywhere fast.  I always have a rental car (always rent from Alamo!).  It's also located across the street from Boca Park/Trivoli Village, which has everything you may need.  From restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, Jersey Mikes, Baja Fresh), to stores (Vons and Target).  It's all literally across the street, and very much walk-able.Once inside the Suncoast, you have numerous restaurants to choose from.  They have an italian, mexican, steakhouse, sushi, buffet, and a 24/7 cafe.   I usually just do the buffet (it's pretty good for the price) and 24/7 cafe (it's also pretty decent for the price -- with HUGE desserts).Casino floor, yes, is rather smokey.  And when I stayed on the 3rd floor last time, you could even smell cigarette smoke in the hallway.  BUT for the love, do not complain about cigarette smoke, when it was YOUR choice to stay at a CASINO hotel.  For the love people.  It's Vegas, and it's a CASINO freakin' HOTEL.  If you don't want cigarette smoke, go stay at a Hampton.  GOSH.  Huge pet peeves about reviews online, complaining about smoke.  And yes, you have to walk across the casino floor to the lobby elevators.  Get over it.  You are staying at a CASINO hotel.Rooms are basically suites, and rather large.  Always request a room facing the golf course, as you'll thank me later.  These rooms are all the odd numbered rooms, so if they give you an even number room, ask for an upgrade.  The view is great over the golf course/mountains, and not so good on the other side (hotel roof and the Strip far in the distance).  Bathrooms have two sinks, but a very small bathtub/shower.  Toilet always seems to plug.  Shower has great hot water.  Most rooms you can't set the AC lower than 68/69, so it can feel warm in the rooms.  The beds are just fine, not too hard/soft.  Fridge always seems to work fine, but always make sure to turn it down, or everything will freeze (a lot of people leave the setting at 5, so turn it down to 3).  Noise is quiet, as you rarely hear your neighbors.  The room also has a safe, which my hubby loves to use.  In room free wifi is way below average, and not very strong.  There is a table with chairs for dining on.Gambling.  Great selection of slots and table games 24/7.  I'm a slot player, and they seem to rotate out newer slots often.  On my last visit, they even removed more slots than normal, and did not replace them with new ones.  It was weird.  It was like they were downsizing.  Anyway, if you don't want to gamble around too many people, do so between 1am and 4pm.  It seems most people come to the casino to gamble from 4pm to 1am.  But even when it's busy, you'll always be able to find a slot, as they have a pretty large and expansive casino floor.Gaming floor bathrooms.  Always kept clean.  There are 3 main bathrooms, located on the exterior walls of the casino.Housekeeping.  Always friendly staff, and have never had any issues with theft, etc.  Don't forget to tip EACH time they clean your room.  I usually tip $5 a visit.  BConnected.  Staff never seems overly friendly or makes eye contact.  And they always seem to be training someone new.  But having witnessed many WEIRDO customers in line, I can take a guess why the staff has a problem working there.  It must drive them batty!Rates are very reasonable, around $40 a night + resort fees Sunday thru Thursdays with my BConnected card.  I usually get 2 to 3 free comped nights a trip, and use those on the more expensive weekend nights.Overall, the Suncoast is a Walmart-like (not in a bad way) all in one hotel and casino.  Don't expect the Bellagio and you'll be fine.  I mean, in many ways, it's way better than the Bellagio, if you're a down to earth and "normal" person like me.
1	First impression from the outside is big and nice. Once you enter it's like being transported back in time except you land in someone's toilet not a casino. I have played probably over 1 million hands of blackjack and I can tell you that this is by far the worst experience ever. I feel they aren't dealing the game fairly and would recommend that you do not play here.  The floor people are  unaccommodating and rude and the dealers are right out of some Asian nightmare.  I mean seriously you are working for tips act accordingly you feeling less robot. Play here at your own risk..guaranteed loser...might as well hand your bankroll to a hooker and at least have some fun.
4	The Game in the Suncoast.  Great For Burgers and Beer. Excellent Hamburger,good choices for draft beers.  Service Excellent. Ambience terrific. TV's at evrey table. Lots to watch. Go Enjoy
1	Wow I am paying $130 a night and the air conditioner won't go below 69 degrees.  We're sweating all night with no covers on.  I called the front desk to ask if they can lower it and they said no not below 69 degrees but I'll send an engineer up to come look at it.  Engineer comes in, looks at it, and says 'yep won't go below 69 degrees!' And leaves.  What was the point of that just to make me shut up?  Oh wait he came back with a temperature gauge to make sure my room is at 69 degrees.  Thanks dude.  Next time I'm staying at Hooters.
4	Rooms very acceptable, we moved from the 7th floor over looking the highway which was too noisy to the second floor over looking the pool. The bar and restaurant on the top floor was an ideal viewing point for the city, very busy to drive in NV , valet parking was a nice touch. Breakfast was excellent
2	My girlfriend came to Vegas for a job interview and I tagged along.  The potential employer put her up here.  This part of Las Vegas is called Summerlin and has the most expensive real estate in Vegas outside the Strip.  Around here, you will find a ton of nice, high end, restaurants and shopping.  It also appears incredibly safe, without the homeless and derelicts that litter the streets around Bellagio, Caesars, MGM Grand, City Center, etc.The casino gambling is good here, with $5 blackjack readily available.  I only played craps this trip.  $5 minimum.  The cocktail waitresses also bring free cocktails, beer, and wine like they can't get rid of it fast enough.  This includes premium brands like Grey Goose and Patron.The room I stayed in was clean, modern, and spacious for only $80/night Monday - Wednesday.  But the entire property was extremely smokey and burned my skin and nostrils everywhere except in my room and the outdoor parking lot.  You will not find any of that flashy pretentious stuff here either.  Almost everyone looked like they rolled out of bed and did not care how they looked (I strangely kinda liked that).  Worst part about this place is it's a 20 minute drive to the Strip, but I guess that is what some people are looking for.  Maybe the best word to describe this place is "COMFORTABLE" (except for the smoke).  I can see why a lot of people love this place and would justifiably give it a high rating.  But because of my personal preference in Las Vegas for flash, glitz, glamour, action, and superficially beautiful people in abundance, I can only give this place 2 stars.
5	Stayed only one night but the location is fab if your event or meeting is at the NV Convention Center or Staples Center. Just steps away. Food at the onsite restaurant is very good but they really need to redo the lunch menu - in trying to be different in their menu layout, they just ended up confusing the guests (and the wait staff for that matter). I tried to get in for breakfast, but there was such a long line at 9am that I gave up. This however appears to be true of most places in the NV Live zone on Sunday, so be prepared.
4	The hotel could not be better located in the heart of sunset blvd! Large rooms, pool and parking. The service of the maids are great tb! But what surprised me was seeing the WORST reception service I've ever seen in my life! The reception staff are extremely rude! And I went through a problem when one day I arrived late at the hotel and had no vacancy, even the clerk told me he had a secondary parking for guests next door. In the following days was vacant again, but on a given night the official addresses giving me a fright when I get around 1am at the hotel and asks with great arrogance if my car is special, because it after 10 days at the hotel my car was not the role of the car with the room number, which I was not told tb at check-in. I had to seriously fight with the confrence employees! The guys are pedantic!
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #26:a fairly nice locals casino in Summerlin; I like it a lot better than the nearby Rampart/Marriott casino; the focus is definitely on gaming/slots, but there is a nice mix of other things to do here; decent cluster of dining options, and mercifully lacking the usual low-end food court that you'd expect; there is also a big multiplex theater here, and the upstairs features a large bowling alley; the sports book is quite big & impressive; there seems to be a lot of bars per capita here, which is always a good thing; best craft beer bet = the recently opened The Game sports bar easily takes the cake, with 20 craft beers on tap, including several local brews; plus, the food here is suprisingly good, and the waitresses are stuffed into hot referee outfits - yes, please!
3	When the luster and sheen of other local casinos in the area have worn off, you can always count on Suncoast to be steadfast in its offerings and qualities.Ample parking in the parking garage.  The movie theaters aren't far from the entrance on the West side of the building.The place is always clean, plenty of residents from Sun City.  Never have any trouble here. The location is ideal off of Rampart and Alta.  Very close to Summerlin Parkway.
3	As far as locals casinos go, I'm not sure why Suncoast and Rampart are so close to one another, as they both basically offer the same services with little difference, even given their variety of restaurants and amenities.Suncoast isn't as smoky as some others, and their pricing is fairly low, and they're geared toward an older clientele, and it's the slightly less discerning patrons that typically go to Rampart, but once you're inside it's hard to tell the difference between the two. Props for having a movie theater though.
2	Slots are TERRIBLE. I'm a local.... I always count how many times I push until I hit the next winning combination. Well, I counted up to 53 or 58 times in many occasions on several machines, whether it's 50cts or $1 denomination..... 25cts up to 65 times. $200 there won't take you past 45 mns, no matter which denomination.... and as I look around, everyone is in the same boat... no more Suncoast for me....
