3	Despite the name, it's really a supermarket, albeit one with a heavy emphasis on produce. You'll also find a nice selection of Harris Ranch meats, bulk foods, and -- if you need assistance in the supplements department -- a cranky vegan to lecture you about how meat clogs your colon. (Seriously, though... 99% of the folks who work there are sweet and lovely.) The produce is nicer than what you'd find at the national megamarts in town, but if you're a regular shopper at real farmers' markets or even Whole Foods, you may be a bit underwhelmed. Still, it's nice to walk into a store where the bulk of foods on offer are grown, not manufactured, and you have to go out of your way to find food in a package.
5	I know in my cute little heart of hearts that there was a world and a life before Sunflower Market, and I know I lived and shopped in this world.  Logically, I know this; I just don't like to think about it.  Sunflower Market on Tropicana and Pecos is a godsend, a veritable treasure trove sent down from the deities specifically to fill my belly and be kind to my pocketbook (pocketbook?  seriously?  who says pocketbook anymore?).  For those who are in the dark, Sunflower Market is what Trader Joe's tries to be but falls shy of because they happen to be a huge conglom; it's an actual healthier-living alterna-market that anyone with any diet can shop at and be satisfied.  Their produce is always fresh, fresh, fresh and damned tasty.  I once had a steak from there that I still dream about on particularly lonely evenings.  They have an antipasto bar for chrissakes, people; piles of veggies and olives and cheeses marinating and yummifying themselves in all manner of delicious vinegars and oils and spices.  Their deli never disappoints (they have some of the best mayo-based 'salads' this side of the Mississip') and there's always a basket full of Snapeas to sample.  They boast a large selection of organic, vegetarian and vegan appropriate foodstuffs as well as half an aisle of a huge variety of Hansen's sodas (them's all natural, folks, and all tasty).Best of all, all of this stuff comes at a ridiculously reasonable price.  I charge you to find the same quality of food at the same price at one of the big chain stores.  I guarantee that Sunflower will come out on top every time.  The number of BBQs my friends and I have thrown shopping here is quite high because we know we can feed everyone (even those pesky vegans) well and cheaply.  What in the world is better than that?
5	And this, my friends, is where I do the grocery thing. Vast selection of good eats, prices that can't be beat, what more could you ask for*? When you first walk in, you're greeted with baskets of produce on special, bakery items, and a complete Boar's Head deli. Mmm ... freshly sliced Boar's Head salami sprinkled with fresh lemon juice and black pepper, and a cold Steinlager. Now that's fine snackin'. They offer beef at a grade, quality, color, and price that's convinced me not to purchase it anywhere else. The guys at the meat counter are extremely helpful and very friendly, too. The other day, I selected two sweet Italian sausages. The man behing the counter asked me if I had ever had them before. I told him I hadn't, and watched as he packaged up four of them for the price of two. "You'll be back," he said. And he was right. They're fantastic. They're on my grocery list for the coming week.The produce section carries just about everything you would ever need, from nicely priced avocados and spinach to daikon radishes and organic oranges. They also have a gigantic bulk food selection, in addition to your daily staples of soups, cereals, boxed dinners, and frozen selections.Love this place.*except for, every once in a blue moon, we've had to do our shopping here, then go somewhere else for a couple items on our list that Sunflower doesn't carry. Or they don't carry a particular brand or size we were looking for. Small matter. Could happen anywhere.
5	This place is the best!  They are in a great convenient location.  I especially like their wraps, which are always so juicy and fresh.  There prepared meatloaf is great, you just put it into the oven and they season it correctly.  No other supermarket can make a better meatloaf.  I also like the other prepared foods that they have and they are at a very competitive price.  Also, the chocolate covered pretzels are the best and so are the other candies that they have there.
4	I went here yesterday for the first time.It is quite far for me since I am 3 minutes from Whole Foods in GV.I thought they had a great meat selction with prices much lower than WF's.The breads were a great bargain as well.  The Whole Wheat Hot Dog Buns are great.I loved the produce section---huge & priced really well.I did however see a lot of things that were just as expensive as WF's.You just have to watch what you're buying if you're looking to save a few $'s.I'll go back maybe once or twice a month, if I have the time...
2	I want to love it. It brings back a touch of my home in the East Bay near San Francisco. It's so close and yet so far from what I hope for in a grocery store.There is a place in Berkeley CA called "Berkeley Bowl" with the most outstanding selection of fresh and cheap produce you have ever seen in your life. Organic meat, fresh fish, artisan cheeses and breads. Berkeley Bowl is everything Sunflower Market aspires to be but isn't. Meat selection and price (love Harris Ranch beef) is good. Produce is cheap but the pickings are slim and the quality isn't always top notch. The olive bar is dreadful and if you're looking for artisan bread or cheese, you best go elsewhere.A second rate wimpy version of what Sunflower could be.Try a little harder, guys! I could really love you.
5	The Sunflower market, occupies the South East back pad of the  the Pecos and Tropicana intersection.   This grocery shop is an easy commute from the 95 interstate to most places in the South East side of Vegas.  I like entering this store with the warmth of its highly polished floors to the display of fresh vegetables or orange oranges as you enter store from the entrance...The staff is generally good, but management seems to have allowed the staff to slip a notch or two from opening day, but all staff is many rungs above any of the larger stores.  They are like a family. and are willing to go out of their way to make certain you can find an answer to your inquiry...Produce, Produce, good beverage and pasta/grain selection...  The Butcher shop employees are very helpful, but no longer in site and there is not a counter bell for service, the Deli is range is good but they need to hire a knowledgeable experienced Deli employee...  Someone that makes you feel delighted you have stopped to get a quality sliced meat & cheese.  Over all it is a quality store with a large emphases on Produce...  But I do miss the 3 for a dollar large size radish bundles... Also 2 for a dollar iceberg heads of lettuce disappeared early this past summer.2013 Update: The store is now "Sprouts" same address & friendly staff different company name, yes it has changed a bit.I now purchase organic milk from this shop, tis nice to see expiration dates longer than a few days, and the milk tastes better and stays fresh.  Sprouts added  wines & Beer, enlarging the selection dramatically, but I am disappointed in the ice cream selection and pricing (no Sugar free any longer).  One of the few locations that still sells shelled soy beans, no organic selection.I can only hope Sprouts starts labeling food to inform the consumer they are or can avoid purchasing product containing genetically modified organisms.JR
5	Vegetarians and raw foodists should love Sunflower for it's nice variety of produce and health supplements.  Prices are cheaper than the average grocery store, although organic prices are much more pricey (about the same price as non-organic at Albertsons, for example).  The place has always been clean and organized when I've gone.  Parking isn't really a problem.
4	whole foods organic everything cheap produce great meat selection  great store brand items reasonably priced and fresh herbs to grow at home
4	I would likely go here more often if it were closer to where I live! They have a good selection of organic products, and remind me a bit of a larger version of Fresh and Easy.
5	Nice market for healthy food and meats.  Their meat counter is great and be sure to try one of their many fresh sausages.  Very little fat in them.  Produce is good and prices lower than most super market chains.  They carry a vast selections of health food brands.
4	Think a cross between an ordinary working-class grocery store, an old-style organic food co-op and Whole Foods.  Prices are reasonable, sometimes incredibly low.  Selection is good.  Overall, it's worth the 1.5 mile hike each way when I'm in the mood to shop organic.
4	I love the veggies at this place, often times the organic produce is cheaper than conventional produce in the brand-name stores. I stock up on veggies for cheap! The bulk section is great, too, with a wide selection of organic whole bean coffees and organic grains as well as granola, nuts, candy, and a wide selection of frozen or canned/dried goods. I love the kombucha, but a lot of the dried things tend to be more expensive, so I try to keep an eye out for sales and stock up then. Their frozen organic pastas are delicious! They have a well stocked meat department and deli, occasionally carrying bison. High quality ingredients!
4	The Sunflower Market was a new find for me...I would like to start the review by saying that the place reminded me of trader joe's but larger.The place prides itself on quality being a farmer's market and totally shines through with their fresh meats and fruit.  The store is quite spacious and well organized with all types of organic and natural products.After going home and sampling some of their fresh fruit and meat I'm pleasantly surprised by the flavor and I'm looking forward to my next visit.Cliffs:Natural and Organic ProductsFarm Raised/Non-Hormonal Manipulated MeatExcellent Price Special every week
5	I stepped on a grape tomato when I walked in the other day, and it squirted all over my shoe.  I smelled tomato-y the rest of my shopping trip :)   Don't get me wrong; this grocery store is clean.  I love the produce and if I go on a Double Ad Wednesday I can find something at a great price.  Organic broccoli has recently been on sale for as low as 88 cents, but not always!  I just had some baked organic sweet potatoes that were really good.  I haven't had a bad apple yet either.  I always check the bulk section for sales, and can get all my nuts, rices, and flours here when they're on sale.  And they weekly change which beauty line is on sale, usually something like 25% off.  Last week I stocked up on Kiss My Face shampoos.  Kiss your brain.
5	If you've had it with the high prices and yuppification of Whole Foods...and who hasn't? Then this is the place for you!Just as good as Whole Foods but less expensive.Superior to Trader Joe's.Worth the travel time...And you can go to Valley Meats, just down the street, to pick up some prime beef while you're there.
4	If you are looking for quality produce for a cheap price point,  head on over to either location of the Sunflower Market.  There really have an amazing selection of everything fruit and veggies that you need and more.  id compare it to whole foods except for the ambience of the store is not even close to as classy as a whole foods....   Still... i like it here.
2	produce: epic fail. not fresh, at. all.meat:  this redeems my 1 star review up only a notch...it's great to have harris beef, but watch the expirations because they're not.something is definitely amiss...things just aren't like they used to be here.  so it's officially off my list for groceries.  I'd rather pay WF prices, and get the quality and freshness, then risk it at Sunflower. that bad.
4	Being a California (Bay Area) native and recently moving to the desert it has been darn difficult to find fresh fruits and veggies! Most local grocers selections are either over ripe or smaller than my big toe. So until I can find a local farm that can offer a better selection I may have to get shipments from friends and shop here.  The staff is really nice and always willing to help you find what you are looking for.Any suggestions from local Las Vegans welcome.
1	I used to shop regularly at Sunflower Market and due to moving out of state had not shopped there for about 2 years.  When I returned I was appalled at how much the quality of the food had declined.  I returned today after seeing the positive reviews and found the quality is still sub par.  I also found that the pricing is not low enough to warrant a trip from Henderson for the canned and frozen goods.
5	Sunflower, how do I love you? Let me count the ways! My go-to grocery store, especially on double ad Wednesday when there's so much on sale.I am normally on a budget for groceries, and eating well is also really important to me. As much as I would love to shop at Whole Foods every day, it's impossible. Sunflower is my local solution. The prices on meat and chicken when on sale are way cheaper than those of regular supermarkets. You also have a selection of specialty meats including ground elk and bison, along with duck and plenty of lamb options. The pork sausage is delicious, especially the beer bratwurst; and they are made fresh, sometimes on sale for $2.99 per pound. The seafood pricing is ok, but I prefer the frozen selection at Trader Joe's a little more, the prices are lower by a couple bucks.The bulk dry goods section is stellar. Rice, brown rice, quinoa, orzo, ground flaxseed, veggie protein powder, couscous, nuts, granola, dried fruit of all kinds, beans and lentils...the list goes on and I don't remember all. The prices are good, and you control your portions. The produce I have always found to be somewhat fresh. There was a small sad moment lately where I opened a 5 lb bag of potatoes (on sale for 49 CENTS) and one potato looked slightly off but otherwise just focus on picking your produce properly and you will get some really nice pricing on organic or natural ingredients. Things look much more edible here than at my local supermarket chain-deep bright colors, no bruises, and seasonal. The canned goods that are the Sunflower brand are pretty spectacular. The vegetarian lime refried beans are great and there is also canned Spanish rice. We took these to Burning Man and warmed them up to eat with some flank steak, and I was blown away. Great flavor was appreciated after days of physical exhaustion, and a mouth full of desert dust. We also bought gallons and gallons of their drinking water. Sometimes on sale 2.5 gallons at $2.50, the Sunflower market brand Drinking (not spring) water tastes just like Smart water.If you are looking for any sort of natural beauty products or random supplement you should find it. And most likely you will find it in a veggie capsule form, no less. There are lots of specialty ingredients here so if you are looking for something just ask one of the people on the floor. So far I've received great service, employees have walked me over to an item or grabbed one from the back if the shelf was empty. It is refreshing. Very happy that I can call Sunflower my local market, it's a shame there's only 2 in town.
5	Sunflower is a great market, one of the best in town.  While Sunflower does not provide everything you need in one place, they do provide great quality of the items they do provide.  Sunflower is a market I frequent over once a week due to the great value you get on high quality foods, and I also happen to live very close.  My favorite items at Sunflower are, no doubt, the fruits and vegetables.  The prices are usually significantly lower than you will find at a supermarket, and both the fruits and vegetables are very fresh, and of very high quality.  Whereas many supermarkets will charge you $2-$3 per pound on Oranges, I have walked into Sunflower many times to see that it was 2-3 pounds for $1.  This is not something that only happens every once in a while, as they consistently have these types of specials on all the fruits and vegetables.  I rarely buy both of these items from anywhere except Sunflower.  Sunflower has a great selection of natural foods, dietary restriction foods, and organic foods.  They also have a wide array of natural sodas, grains, and bulk food items.  The only area of Sunflower I do not like is the meats area.  I have bought many fresh meat products from Sunflower, and all of them seem to lack flavor.  They use Harris Ranch meats for a lot of it, which I do not like very much as it lacks fat, therefore flavor.  But I still love Sunflower, I just don't get their meats.  I must mention that the exception to their meats is their house-made sausages.  They have around 10-12 different sausages at all times for under $5/ pound.  Everything from Merguez and Basil Chicken to Chorizo and Hot Italian.  Overall, I am a big fan of Sunflower, and would definitely suggest coming here if you live in the area.
4	Sunflower Markets - the poor man's Whole Foods. I'm one of those people who would shop at Whole Foods every day for all of my groceries if I could... but on my salary, I definitely CAN'T.  So I was happy to come across a place where I can get organic fruits and veggies and a great selection of organic frozen/canned/boxed foods for a price that won't kill me.Does it have everything I need?  Definitely not.  Would I drive all the way across town to go there regularly?  Probably not.  But since I work right down the street and it's handy enough.... I go often and I'm a fan.  And Double ad Wednesdays are great!
4	Sunflower market is my go-to produce source in Vegas.  They have a great selection of organic produce, and prices are decent (lower than Whole Foods), but they also seem to make an effort to carry regional produce, which is as close as you can get in Vegas.  They also carry one of the largest selection of "Natural" foods (rivaling Whole Foods), and the prices are often cheaper.  Often, but not always... If you can find the same product at Trader Joes it will most likely be cheaper, but Sunflower is generally less expensive than WF.  They have an amazing stock of vitamins and supplements, so this should be your go-to place if you're looking for a homeopathic cure to all that ails.  It may look a little scuzzy from the outside (and, honestly, from the inside), but it's worth the stop to save a few bucks on things you'd normally be buying at WF!  For the non-health-conscious consumer, they have plenty of sugar-filled fatty tasty treats, too.  It's not just "health food",  I can shop here for the whole household!
3	awesome selection of specialty products. Good pricing on fresh produce and meats. Service could use a little more pep but still not so terrible that I won't continue to go here.
4	For me, this market is like a blend of Smiths and Whole Foods.Fruits and veggies are fresh, and they have a decent selection of meats. Although I would like some grass-fed beef, to at least provide an alternative to Whole Foods for this. They also have Gyro meat, which was cool.They have good stock of vitamins and supplements, and they carry Green Vibrance, a pretty good "Super Food" product. Sunflower has a great selection of natural foods, dietary restriction foods, and organic foods. They also have plenty of sugar-filled treats, and a good variety of oats and nuts.Does it have everything I need? No, but that's what Smith's, Whole Foods and Trader Joes are here for.
3	Albeit a bit pricey, the Sunflower Market has a nice selection of fresh produce, a great fine cheese selection as well as some very fun house made 'sausages'. Vegans rejoice, all your non main stream brands are here as well as eco-friendly non packaged dry goods in barrells waiting for you to scoop out your desired portion. ( all types of legumes, rices, nuts, granolas, meals and flours ) I do my main shopping at the chain shops then come here for the specialized peripherials.
3	Sunflower is great!. I'm from southern California so when I moved here, I was sad to discover there wasn't a Sprouts. Sunflower is the same thing. I love the bulk section. It's nice to get a specific amount of what you want. Their prices are ok. Some things are a great deal, but others I know I can find cheaper. Just depends.
5	Great produce section.  Good selection of bulk items.  My kids like the bulk candy and snacks.  They also have a really good selection of natural medicines and herbs...local bee pollen in the refrigerated case for natural care of seasonal allergies.
5	I have been to this market several times and even thought I had reviewed it...oh well.I just love this store...everything is so clean and organized, associates are easily available to help and I learn something new on every visit.Yesterday, I learnt how to pick a watermelon. I always think that I ask too many questions but yesterday I was happy I did. I asked the cashier why watermelons are priced differently. She answered my question and commented that the watermelon I had chosen did not look too good and went and chose a good one for me and even showed me how. I learnt that the associates at the produce section can show us how to select produce and even cut a piece of fruit if we want to taste it before buying!One thing that I miss about my hometown in India is that the local fruit vendors would cut fruit to give customers a taste before they bought it. Looks like sunflower can do the same !The associates are helpful, friendly and knowledgeable and this is a welcome change. I'm happy I found Sunflower!
4	I luv this place. Clean, roomy, plenty of choices, fresh fruit, self-serve items... mangos, arugula, tofu, blue corn chips, assortment of creme sodas, hard to find cheeses, great fish counter.... Unlike those big chains there are actual choices for customers, and No McDonalds, Starbucks, uninspired employees, etc etc.
4	Sunflower is my one-stop-vegetarian-food-shop!  They have everything there is for the vegetarians out there and usually always have 'em in stock.  Sunflower can get a bit pricey but I guess it's the price you pay to shop here for the special goods you can't get anywhere else.  The middle of store has a section where you can bag up various nuts, seeds, rice, fruit/nut mixes, etc. by the pound.  The smoked almonds and the trail mix here are delicious and the price can't be beat!  I make sure to stock up on a few pounds of almonds and dried fruit to last awhile as I live a bit far from this location.  Plus, the baked goods they have here are fresh and are sometimes vegan-friendly, which is definitely a plus.Great selection here but make sure you bring your coupons in to save some money as it gets a bit pricey here after you realize all the stuff you "need" has a higher than normal price tag attached to it.   But, if you are craving a fake meat fix and want some killer veggie burgers and soy-free fake chicken breasts, this is the place to stock up!
4	Sometimes you have to eat healthy and all Nat chu Ral. They always have fresh produce and when something is in season, mountains of the product is scattered throughout.  They have some pretty good prepared ready to eat meals, chicken, ribs, fish. Nuts and herbs.  And a big selection of weird all natural products which are suppose to be healthy for you. Prices are pretty reasonable also.
4	I come to Sunflower mainly for fresh veggies and raw nuts.  Love the place!   You can always count on large variety of fresh and reasonably priced veggies and fruits.  In my family we eat a lot of raw nuts and this is the only place in town that I know sells bulk raw Spanish peanuts!  My daughter likes to come along as well because they carry a large selection of bulk candy and she loves to pick and try different kinds.  The gummy bears are her favorite.The location in not near our home, but am I always willing to do the 30 min drive.
4	This is a great place to go shopping. I am happy that I can come here and get all sorts of different Vegetarian and Vegan foods, and don't have to worry how long its been on the Shelf. They have a very wide selection of different foods and very fresh Fruits and Vegetables and Fruits. I also am a big fan of there Olive Bar.There employees are all very knowledgeable and friendly, with the exception of an older man who stocks food, I have learned not to bother asking him for help if I need any. Other than that I come her almost every other week to buy a majority of my groceries.
1	my family  buy  food here for years ,one week ago a yong man comes to my husband, and said without preamble with an air of angry dog, give me your bag, here you can not enter with.. my husband is 67 and diabetic and always has his bag with him, we went to Whole Foods .......; we understand that this is forbidden, but try to say it politely
4	This market is right in my neighborhood, I stop here often. I like the deli for cheese, meats & the soup bar YUM! Most is all organic, fresh and affordable. They have a wonderful variety of things you may need, all in one small organic market! It's perfect for me being a single person to stop in and grab a few items. Never packed and rarely long lines!
4	For those of us on the East side organic/healthy food is hard to come by. Whole Foods and Trader Joe's is a trek across the valley. Luckily this Sunflower Market comes to the rescue!Although not as big as TJ's or WF's Sunflower Market does the trick for a grocery shopping trip when I have a little extra cash to spend on "better" organic food. It's also a great place for me to go get those specialty items that Alberton's or Von's just don't have.Their produce section usually boasts some interesting finds and your run of the mill stuff. I was slightly disappointed on my last shopping trip to find no berries! No berries besides strawberries. Luckily they did have the frozen variety, which I picked up a bunch bags because they were on sale! I like to have them in my oatmeal in the mornings. :)If you compare to WF, Sunflower Market will always be lacking in some areas, but they do have pretty much everything you need for your day to day eating habits. This one is usually pretty clean and the employees are nice enough. For what it is, I say it is worthy of my shopping trips and I will continue to shop here for the foreseeable future.
5	I love Sunflower market.  It is close to my house and has an awesome selection of quality meets and produce.  They also have a great selection of harder to find beers.  Great natural food selection as well.  In addition, they play awesome music here, oldies, which gives it a great atmosphere. Also, their prices are very reasonable unlike whole foods.I will shop here over anywhere else.  It is worth coming here over another supermarket/walmart to avoid the trashy, sweaty crowds.  This place is awesome.
4	The complete name is Sunflower Farmer's Market. I really like going to this grocery store for my organic products rather than the Whole Foods. You can usually spend 25%-75% less here than at WF. Picked up my weekly organic bananas and organic apples. I feel all cleansed out already. They also have a lot of good deals on organic canned items as well. Oh, and they always have hormone-free, free range chicken eggs on sale! The lines here are kind of weird. One minute there are 3 cashiers with no customers, then when 2 cashiers leave, the one cashier gets bombarded by 8 customers and it takes them a bit to call for backup. Can't nessasarily say it's all their fault the lines are kind of long sometimes.
4	Very clean place. love their organic stuffs.
5	What a fun store, I love organic produce and specialty diet stores. Sunflowers is an affordable and  trendy health market. They have a healthier version of everything you know and love to eat.I went there for a specific supplement and they had it readily handy and they even told me how to properly take it.There's a great section of non-dairy milk which I love. coconut, almond, hemp, rice. Nice variety.This place is as good as it gets. I'm a fan forever!
4	This is convenient if you live in the area and are too far away to drive to the closest Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. Keep in mind while their store isn't entirely organic or natural, they still have a good selection of organic items (even vegan and gluten-free, depending on what the product is).I would say their prices (once again depending upon the product) is more or less of what you would get at Whole Foods. I haven't found anything that's an absolute steal in price compared to Whole Foods from beside some of the green powder supplements they carry (if you're lucky enough you can catch some on sale!)The layout of the store is simple and easy to navigate. Their produce dominates the back of their store, and have quite a nice selection of wines (they put some of the discontinued ones on sale!) Great neighborhood health store for the locals.
5	Now this is MY store. I shop here. All of these years I had this misconception that this place was like a Dollar Store for groceries. I envisioned pinatas and expired foods and flies. Nothing appealing. BOY WAS I MISTAKEN. I am such a fan of Sunflower and seem to find any excuse to come back for more. The only day of the week you will not find me here is on Wednesday when they honor their ad from the previous week and the current week. Too many people saving money. I don't do crowds or lower prices apparently.Eggs- I have never been on a farm, but the eggs here are the closest I have ever had to a fresh egg. I now want to eat them every day. I don't shop by price usually, but for under two smackers I get a dozen "fresh" eggs. That's a deal to me. Fruits- They are always having a sale on different fruits, but I must grab strawberries, blueberries, bananas and watermelon. Something about fruit in the summertime or anytime mixed with vodka (which they do not sell here). It's always fresh and seems to stay fresh longer than fruit I buy from Wally World or other stores. Vegetables- I buy the majority of my fresh veggies and herbs here. I swear they don't put the AS IS or less desirable out for sale. They always look and taste delicious. Meats- I have only purchased sliced turkey and boneless chicken breasts from the deli, but I am a fan of both. What I really like is their ethnic foods. They offer light coconut milk for under a buck. Some stores don't even have light coconut milk as an option. They also have my noodles for pad Thai at a decent price and several low carb/gluten free sauce selections. They also have Thai Chilies and Serranos for spice seekers such as myself. I can also grab as much or as little nuts I like out of their nut bins. Lately I also grab raisins for my salads from the bins and they are so cheap and fresh. Frozen Foods- I try not to pay too much attention to this department because I don't want to like anything. Same goes for their bakery.  I do the majority of my shopping here because I do buy all healthy foods here and have zero desire to change that. That was until I found the Blood Orange Sorbet bars. HOLY BRAIN FREEZE MOUTHGASM BATMAN. Delicious and only 60 calories each. Yes, I will now keep these in my freezer at all times during this boob sweat season others like to call summer. Everything Else- Great wine selection, vitamins and earth friendly cleaning supplies. Yeah, I buy all of that too, but I don't really care about it or think about it. I will say they have all of my Kiss My Face and Burt's Bee Products which is jolly good! (When you are a duchess that is how you are suppose to talk).I love Sunflower Market and cannot get enough of shopping here. I have lost weight and started cooking much healthier since being turned on to it a couple months back. Overall making me a much happier person. If only they had vodka......
3	This is a great store: Clean and a good variety of vegetables. The vitiamins and nutrition items are fresh and priced well. Today I did not receive the wheat germ I paid for, so if you go in, watch the bagger, because I saw him place the wheat germ in a plastic bag with another item.I brought cloth bags, he gave me the first item to put in the cloth bag, but failed to give me the wheat germ. Unfortunately I am not the type that calls back to get my missing item, so I'm out the money. Next time I'll keep a better eye on my purchases.
4	i love to support a local natural foods store.  This place is very convenient and close to me. it is never busy and prices are good too.
5	I love their chicken brests. They seem to taste better than other grocery stores! The price is great too!  In addition, I love their supplement aisles because they carry so many health and wellness products.
1	ok, so Sunflower is now some other store and really sucks now.
3	Sunflower is now Sprouts after being bought out. And I'm not so sure the changes Sprouts introduced are better. This location carries a limited line of Boar's Head Deli Meats and a few cheeses. The meat and seafood counter is also a bit on the smallish side as well but staffed by some friendly people. The bulk of their floor space seems to be taken up by fresh produce...and while prices are not exactly cheap, they are competitive with or cheaper than Whole Foods. Since Sprouts took over their supplement selection seems to have dropped in quality and selection. Case in point: Kava Kava. Where before I had 5 different choices in capsules alone, on my last visit I only found 2. And the brands they did carry were not ones I would buy. If you need basic supplements to start out this is a good location to explore. But if you've got experience with supplements you may find this selection to be a little on the pathetic side. As much as I want to like this place, 3 Stars is the best I can give them.
5	What a fantastic market! We're driving through from California and I stopped in to use the bathroom. I was totally charmed. Clean, bright, the bathrooms were well marked and there was loads of room to move around. I had to get something to take with me, so I got a bag of the very multi-colored gummi bears and a beer from a local brewery. I wanted to take the whole market with me, but my bag was only so big...
