3	2.8 stars. Replaces the old Prive at Planet Hollywood  - S&M-themed club with masked dancers/tumblers on larger-than-life nets suspended from the ceiling. S&M dancers are a bit awkward, posing in elevated staging from side walls. Voyeuristic acrobatics/wrestling from the ceiling is fantastical concept, but dancers could be better. Decadent, vintage goth decor with huge mirrors, candle lighting throughout dark club.Upcoming events: 5/21 LL Cool J5/25 Gary Pine5/29 Akon
5	Cheers to new clubs in vegas!!The newer the better. Why you ask? Because they swarm you, practically begging your group to come inside with amazing deals you can't resist. My group of girls got a free table with bottle service. Great crowd, attentive servers and good music. The guys at the next table were apparently wanting to throw their money away and gave us stacks of dollar bills to "make it rain" in the club. hahaha.. good times at Gallery.
3	went for a friend's 21st birthday and i didn't know what to expect bc i heard gallery is the new prive. the decor was not too shabby! lots of area too dance, the dj was ok in their music selection. i remember being on the dance floor for a good while then all of a sudden a slow song played and majority of the dance floor left bc... really slow song at a club?... as for the crowd.. it was. sooo. random! it was very diverse which was cool. but idk how i feel about grandparents staring at the "go-go dancers" that we're pretty much "air-doing it" on the ceilings! there was like a cage-like thing on the ceilings which was different but disturbing bc half the people there would only stare at those "dancers" and i think they need to make a better dress code policy.
5	I am a VIP Host at Gallery Nightclub and I may be biased but I absolutely love this place. Everyone I work with is geared on customer service and having fun. You may even catch a bouncer busting out some dance moves. The cocktail waitress are extremely sexy and fun. We have beautiful dancers suspended from nets above the dance floor and throughout the different room. Also when you come to Gallery, you have access to the Pussycat Doll Saloon which showcases four very sexy shows each night. If anyone has any questions on the club I would be more than happy to be of assistance. Mike WelcomVIP Host @ Gallery Nightclub508-847-9401 702-994-8447Michael.Welcom@GalleryLV.comFacebook.com/MWelcom
4	Gallery is the new hotspot (for this minute, at least) in Vegas, thanks in part to the Khardashians who love it. ;)My friends and I came here for Memorial Day weekend and luckily, got to see Akon perform, who was amazing. The space itself doesn't have any unique features like Tryst (hello gorgeous waterfall) or Marquee (outdoor terrace), but the vibe, music and attractive crowd more than make up for this. Plus, although Planet Hollywood is a bit off the beaten path from the rest of the strip, the casino area is nicer in my opinion with high ceilings and the atrium layout. Definitely check this place out!
5	Gallery was the reason why I chose to leave town a day early for my EDC trip so I can start partying extra early and on a good note.  After the fact, it sure did deliver all that and more! Thanks to Anthony Connelly, I was setup at this place with two bottles, and an unlimited guestlist to all the females I know.  We got in, and he walked us back to the dance floor where there was a netting right above it. It was still early in club hours, so nobody was actually up there. We barely got a chance to sit down, and drinks already started coming at a furious pace. The waitress was on a mission to get us F'd fast. Sebastian was out on some talent search and he did grab a couple back. Albro the pimp master was out in the mall areas recruiting quality talent to bring back to our table. He did fairly well with a group of 6 Canadian bachelorettes. I myself invited my sexy friend Jax and her girl for this mid week occasion. Gallery is definitely one of the first clubs where I actually knew where the entrance, the bathroom and exit points were. The signs were very clear, and people tend to hover to the middle dance floor area, so the walk ways are fairly clear to walk through. On this particular night we had DJ Larry Johnson dropping some classic hip hop/ top 40 beats. Me and the boys got on the couches with bottles in hand and started dancing (try pulling this off at XS and not getting yelled at hah). As the night progressed, the music switches over to more of a EDM/hard house beat.  By this time, everyone is pretty much shitfaced and ready to freak on the dance floor.I texted Morgan Nichole (dancer at Gallery which had the day off) that I was watching her coworkers working it on the net. They were up there pouncing on each other, jumping around like kitty cats. Definitely a very sexy view when you are on the dancefloor or the tables close to it. When the dancers are not on the nets, they are dancing on the platform behind the tables. Overall these girls definitely had some serious talent. I suppose you need some acrobatic skills with go go to pull this job off. Before I knew it, I was stumbling my way to the malls of PH with a smile on my face.  We lost Albro, and apparently he left his blazer and phone some where. I have never seen Sebastian party so hard, but he said this place reminds him of how a fun traditional club was without all the glitzy BS. In my opinion, Gallery Nightclub certainly delivered some mid week pleasure in the city of sin. Come here if you are going to get down, let loose and have fun.Shoutouts - Anthony Connelly for being an all star host that night. Got us seated quickly with a premium location, and definitely checked on us multiple times. Much thanks, and next time you are taking shots with us!
4	This is the old Prive nightclub. Very well designed and decorated. Pussycat doll lounge is def a place to stop by within the club to check out their show. The crowd was a bit strange, but it was Tito Ortiz after party w/DJ Khaled so you go figure. It was like going to On Broadway in san diego on a sat night haha if you know what I mean.I would deff check this place out again.
1	Formerly known as Prive, I thought the name change would change the vibe of the club, WRONG! Cramped, cramped, cramped! The layout of the club is horrible. You really feel like you're crawling all over people. Maybe 3rd time will be a charm... or maybe not.
4	I came here July 4th weekend on a Thursday, so I am sure the crowd is more sparse since it isn't considered the weekend.  I went in at about 11:30 pm, no line or wait and walked right in.  I got in free by being on the guestlist which is available on their website.  Club was pretty empty, but that was understandable with it being early and a Thursday.  Bartenders were nice, decor was nice, music was good ( I am more a fan of top 40 / hip hop, not so much into house/ trance), club was clean, dancers were unique, and the layout was a good medium between a small lounge and a mega-club.  I left at about 12.30 am and the club was still pretty empty, but I wasn't really up to shoving and trampling over people on a chill night.  I can't say much about how it's like if the club gets busy and packed, but just from hanging out on a Thursday night, I would give it a good 4 star review.  I would probably consider going next time and getting bottle service, since every table on the main floor is a good table.  Bonus points for being in Planet Hollywood, the vibe at PH is great - alot of good music and young people.
3	After being denied access to one of the clubs on the strip, we decided to check this place out as it was the club in our hotel. I haven't heard about it so I had no preconceptions about it.There was a brief 5 minute line up, which I was kinda confused about because there was about 2 other line ups in front of the escalators leading up to Gallery. The other line ups looked a lot longer. Anyway, as soon as we were up the escalators, my friend got in for free because she was a girl, my guy friend got in for free because it was his 21st bday (I don't know if this was the reason, but when we told them this he got in without paying). I, however, had to pay $30 to get in. Not quite a fan of that. Anyway, the inside was really posh. There was a nice, wide hallway to the right after walking in. By the bar area was a huge swing, with a girl on it of course. The lay out was interesting, I really did like it. The crowd and the music, however, was not my thing. They were much older than I was (don't think of 40+ year old cougars or anything); I'd say they were at least 30 year old men and women. The dance floor and VIP area was packed with this older crowd. Nothing against them, but if I'm going to party, I'm partying with my peers. There was a wrestling pit above the main dance floor and there were 2 girls play-fighting while contorting their bodies. Obviously, the percentage of the crowd that had penises were all looking up. Can't blame them though, what else is there to look at. This club was attached to the Pussycat Dolls bar/lounge which was much smaller in size (so obviously packed) and much more entertaining. We saw the dolls perform and it was really good. Their Nicole Scherzinger was a great singer and the dolls were amazing! Their Nicole kept asking all the ladies to dance on stage. So different from Gallery (thank god).Would I come back here? Nope. Even for the PCD Lounge you ask? Still no. There's just other places in Vegas I'd rather go check out.
4	I like it here even though it's not as spacious as XS. The music and the Pussycat Dolls performance were AWESOME. The decor was very nice but I hated going up the escalators. I would definitely recommend this place again to my friends.When I went, Keri Hilton performed so it was a PLUS!!!!!
4	Gallery is cool. Bottle service is the only way to go. Layout is nice, little crowded, but on any given night all Vegas clubs get too packed.Will agree, the main room needs to be opened up a bit more. Walking through is hard. Nothing like XS or Marquee, but this spot offers a good time and the club offers celebrity events regularly. Nick Cannon was spinning the night we went, did not even know he dj'd. This is not by first choice in Vegas but I would  go back for sure!
3	I came here once when it used to be Prive, and once as Gallery. I'd say I had more fun the second time around, we got bottle service. The decor is interesting, and they have more interesting go-go dancers (one was dressed as some kind of creepy bride). And for some reason my friends and I could not stop watching the girls in the net above the dance floor. We were inspired to be as flexible as they are.The music was pretty good, made for a good time dancing. And they do book a lot of celeb performers so thats a plus. I'd come back.
1	When you go to Vegas, you want to see beautiful people. This club noticeably lacks such people. And so, according to the rules of logic that I obviously mastered during my 9th grade math class, this club does not belong in Vegas. After having gone to Tryst and XS the night before at the Wynn, my friends and I experienced quite a buzzkill here. On top of that, they wanted to charge our male friend, accompanied by 6 lovely young girls, $10 for cover when we entered after 11. Um, last time I checked a 6-to-1 female-to-male ratio (at your crappy club, no less) is nothing to sneeze at! Fortunately though, we bypassed that problem with a bit of creativity and didn't have to pay, which is great because we left 10 minutes after we arrived. I was impressed with the club interior, and our guy friend stared non-stop at the go-go dancers pretending to go at it on the net attached to the ceiling. It was so crowded inside though, with so many sketchy-looking people, that it was hard to enjoy.
3	I used to party here when it was known as Prive.  The last time I was here, we sat at a table right next to Lil Jon, no Dave Chappelle though.  It was a cool night and I liked the layout.Gallery is Prive plus a face lift.  The decor has changed, it's a little brighter, but as far as layout goes, there's nothing new.The escalator going up to the club from the casino floor is a cool feature.  It's a nice feeling walking past the general line and being escorted up the escalator.But overall, Gallery would be an afterthought on a weekend.  I had more fun at Koi to be honest.  And it seems like there's less BS at Koi as far as the line goes.It's not in the league as Tao, XS, Haze, or Marquee.  If I had to put it in a group, I'd mix it in with Jet and Lavo.I just can't find the soul to this place...
3	The club that was the former Prive STILL reminds me of Prive. Same set up with bars and rooms in the same place.I loved Prive and I always had a good time there. Lots of great memories!And that's the only reason I'm giving this a 3-star review. It would've been less if it wasn't for those darn good memories =) lolThey have some sort of net (yes, I said 'NET') above the dancefloor and my thought is: What's the point? Sure, the gogo dancers do acrobatics from that net but, it's stupid -- if I wanted to see acrobatics, I'd see a Cirque show! It's just plain ridiculous.The net also makes the dancefloor seem smaller because it's so close to the people dancing below it....actually, it makes the whole club look smaller, too! It's a HUUUUUUGE eyesore!In fact, what the heck does a net have to do with a "Gallery" to begin with?I get the picture frames but, net? NO!!!!!
3	Not somewhere I'd get excited about going, but an okay place to end the night. Since we were staying at Planet Hollywood, it seemed like a no brainer to give it a shot. The DJ is okay...not a huge fan of the mashups but otherwise not too bad. The dance floor isn't huge but its not too bad if you find a spot towards the outter areas to dance in. Lots of funny drunk dancing going on so even non-dancing friends can enjoy people watching.  A few too many creeps lurk here though. Worth a visit if you want to kill an hour or two.
1	I will never go back to this place. I actually got scammed out of 550 bucks. I got the bottle service, we had maybe 3 drinks. When I went to the bathroom I asked for help getting back to my table (very packed) and was walked out the front door and was told I couldnt return. They tried to keep my credit card and ID. Not one person could tell me why I got kicked out. I sent a friend in to check out my table and the staff had allowed their own friends to take our table and drink our bottle of Vodka! Needless to say I was pissed. They claimed they were going to comp my service for next time, but they di NOT offer to refund my money (host didnt have the authority). Said the manager would call me back and still nothing. Still fighting this one and has become a huge headache. I called 3 people that were supposed to be managers and head of security and did not get a single call back from any! I have left several messages and still nothing. Phil LicataChris RedmonChris Anderson
3	Music and crowd is just ok. A promoter saw us walking around the casino and offered us free admission so we went for an hour or so. Had fun watching the cougars get their freak on up on stage.
3	The atmosphere was nice. Got in free with my girlfriend, since a club promoter was passing out wristbands. I have to say, the music was so-so. Everyone was pretty chill, not really dancing except for a few cougars. I have to say, there is a lot of cougars in this joint lol. I stayed for an hour or so, and I had to call it a night. Too be honest, I'm not really a "club" type person.
4	I loved this place when it was Prive and I love this place now that it's The Gallery!  We got in no problem with our complimentary passes from the PH Westgate Towers concierge.  The dance floor is much bigger now and the two dance rooms connect with a nice hallway where I can sit and give my feet a rest.  The smaller room is the Pussycat Lounge room where they have periodic shows.  Compared to Pure, I felt that their show was better and had more attractive girls.  The bar in this room was also less crowded so we never had to wait long for drinks!  I took away 1 star due to our wrist bands/passes said "complimentary admission" ('complimentary admission and a free drink' for ladies wristband) but our guys still had to pay $20.  We asked them why that was and the bouncer didn't look like he knew what he was talking about. Considering it was Labor Day weekend, $20 wasn't a bad deal though. I wanted to take another star away since I also would have liked if they played more early 90's late 80's music in the smaller room like they did with Prive.  Hey, I'm old, and I like that stuff.  There's only so much mainstream/top 40 one can take...BUT I gave them one star back for playing BAY AREA HYPHY music in the main/larger room. =)
3	the only reason i am giving gallery 3 stars is because we were there on sunday night. it was free to get in. they had over half of it shut down (which i totally understand because of the day). but it was ghettttto.  i am all for crowd variety..but i must say this was rather interesting. i tried to sneak a peek of the closed area and it looks beautiful. the music though was great!!!  i am looking forward to updating this review someday with more stars because i think this place is worth a 2nd trip on a better night!!!
4	Great spot to come to if you want to avoid the big fancy scene like XS or Marquee.. and even better if you're staying at PH..Just a short walk downstairs.. Drinks in Vegas clubs are all the same.. My gf's and i like coming here when we are staying at PH and just want to dance because they have good music.  Its pretty easy to get into, we haven't had any hassles getting in here and we don't need to get here by 930 or so if were staying here.. I've been here 2-3 times and they've been after midnight.  It does get pretty crowded, but you can make room to dance..
5	This place is great!! It has a real art gallery feel  (which is why it's probably called Gallery). The club has wonderful features such as the swing in the corner by the main bar or the burlesque dancers in the Pussycall Dolls Saloon. Plus the ladies get free shots if they dance on the stage, which seems to be a big plus.If your in Las Vegas I would recommend checking it out atleast once.
3	The venue is pretty nice.  The music is great.  Love the hip hop.  However, it wasn't very crowded, which I actually liked.  I was just there to have fun with my friends.  Lots of room to dance since no one's really in there.  But if you're going to scoop people out, it's pretty dead.  It is a little bit ghetto...which comes with hip hop music anyway.  Bonus, it was really easy to get in.  I was even wearing jeans and Converse.  The girls doing acrobatics in underwear are pretty hot too.  Great bodies!
4	Fun nightclub! I've never been to Gallery before, it's located on second floor in Planet Hollywood. We were in the casino, some guy gave us wrist bands to the club, we felt why not to just give it a try.There was a line at the escalator to the entrance of the nightclub, our wrist bands got us right up from the other escalator, and no cover charge either, that was nice .:) It was packed on a Thursday night, maybe it was Veteran's day weekend. Saw lots of army guys. This nightclub is very cute, not too big, not too small, just the right size. Huge bar in the front, bottle service tables all around the club and the dance floor. Crowd is mixed, all races and ages, which I liked a lot. Party people were so friendly, some sexy lady just grabbed me to dance with her when I was trying to pass the dance floor, fun! :) The pussy cat doll burlesque saloon is connected to this nightclub, but it is not open on Thursdays. Drinks are about $14 each. I really liked this nightclub on a Thursday night, it was fun and also relaxing, just have a few drinks, dance and enjoy the music!
3	Friday night in Vegas... and we wanted to check out Tryst for Angela Simmon's bday party bash... BUT another friend of ours had free bottle service at Gallery... so she invited us to hang out with her and her friends...Located on the 2nd floor in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. Adjacent to the club is the Pussycat Dolls Saloon... someone was performing the night we were there...The club itself isn't too big... I'd say a little bigger than Lavo so it's still kinda intimate. Bottle service sections had lots of room to sit down, or stand, or dance, etc so that was nice... I'm not one for Skyy Vodka but I did have one drink so the girl who got the bottle service section insisted... $18 for a washington apple in the bottle service section... (my drink of choice)...The music was okay... a little bit of everything. The club was pretty full but not super packed. Lots of dancers on mesh nets hanging from the ceiling which I thought was pretty cool. Towards the back corner there was a dancer in a brides maid dress... ??? entertainment none the less... our waitress was okay... not very friendly if you ask me... maybe because the bottle service was comped?? We didn't stay very long... couple hours and then we were out.... been to better clubs in Vegas but at least we gave it a try...
4	Fun place to dance. The girls hanging up in the netting were cool to watch. We had a great time. I suggest getting liquored up somewhere before hand, unless you want to pay the price at their bar. Trust me, you don't. Overall, I thought it was a lot of fun with good music playing.
2	we went here because we couldn't get into marquee because our friends tried walking up to the guestlist line holding tall boy cans and it pissed off the bouncer and they wouldn't let us in.  but that is another story.we ended up coming here because we got in for free since we were staying at the hotel (from my experience, and the 2 nightclub nights we did this trip, this just means that the club isn't that good).  i ended up waiting to go in till midnight because my friend turned 21 at midnight and they said it would be fine for him to come in then.  we all got in, and even at midnight on a friday night, it was pretty dead.  music was all top 40 which is alright, i am not a huge fan of it in a club, but oh well, didn't really have a choice.  drinks were pretty weak, but i was buying my friends drinks for his birthday.  he got 3 drinks in before he was hammered though (his first time ever drinking, i got him a patron shot, AMF, and some drink that i still do not know what all was in it, but it was all hard alcohol, i got 2 of each drink and i drank with him).  the crowd there was probably mostly in there older 30's, lower 40's.  bunch of creeper dudes just creeping on the girls in our group, and just a lot of dudes in general.  my friend ended up being so hammered that i left with him and another friend to go do other stuff.  the bouncer told us that he couldn't come back tonight because he was too drunk, but i told her she didn't need to worry about any of us coming back.  we were only there for about 40 minutes.i woudln't really recommend it, unless you get in for free because you will only be there for a little while.  if you have to pay, go somewhere else that is better and use your money there
3	This is a very nice club located in Planet Hollywood.  We were all given free admission but decided to opt out of the $425 bottle service since we didn't know how long we would be staying.  The bottle service isn't a bad deal since all drinks start at $12 and beers run about $9 each.  With that being said the club is a little pretentious for me, but then again aren't most Vegas clubs!
4	I came here on a Saturday night with 2 of my siblings, my boyfriend, and 3 friends. The first thing I noticed was that the place isn't very big, but the interior is gorgeous. There are giant picture frames on the walls with voyeuristic pictures, girls dancing and tumbling around on nets attached to the ceiling, a pole dancer in the corner, a large swing next to one of the bars, and girls wearing masquerade masks. Even though the place wasn't that big, I was still able to walk around the crowds of people with ease. Of course, a lot of the clubs in Vegas have very nice ambiances, but what set Gallery apart for me was the mix of music they played while we were there. They played a lot of old school hip hop! Run-D.M.C., Sugar Hill Gang, Slick Rick, LL Cool J, Outkast, etc. It was probably the best experience I've had in a club so far because of the music they played. We got free drink tickets too, so I was really get my groove on ;) I really hope the night we went wasn't just some sort of  "special" night and they actually play that kind of music all the time, because that would automatically make Gallery my favorite Vegas nightclub. Tip*Men's dress code: must wear a collared, button-up shirt & dress shoes.
1	This place is small for a nightclub. There is a SMALL dance floor and a bunch of tables. Which are mostly empty. Went here on a Thursday night only after our other plans fell through. We got in for free since we we're staying at PH. Drinks tasted ok but we're pricey like most Vegas nightclubs. This place was DEAD on a Thursday night at midnight. Bunch of OLD perverted men. We even saw an couple in their 60's walking around dressed in their touristy clothes. YES tennis shoes and all. After that we got the efff out of there. I think if it was a Friday or Saturday it would have been better since the Pussycat Dolls lounge was closed when we went.
4	Gallery is the main nightclub inside Planet Hollywood (they also have Koi). We went on a Wednesday night so it wasn't super busy when we were there. We got wristbands from a promoter so we didn't have to wait in line although the line wasn't very long anyway. The venue isn't a super club like other nightclubs in Vegas, the dance floor is relatively small and there's only one. The interior is gorgeous though, as the name suggests, it's like a gallery with frames and classic decor that reminds you of a European palace. The drinks are fairly reasonably priced although on the higher side of reasonable. The coolest thing is that they have these nets above the dance floor where the dancers in lingerie and masquerade dance and do acrobatics. Definitely unique compared to the norm of girls standing on top of a box or hanging on a pole.It's a fun venue especially for a Wednesday night. The DJ played top 40 and hip-hop mostly and the crowd was pretty young. Cover was $10 for guys, free for girls. One note, the entrance is from the casino floor, not the mezzanine level.
3	Went here for a VIP party during CES.  I can't even remember what this club was called before, but it seems about the same.  Standard Vegas club in a standard box, as I like to say.  Servers were super cool here, but it was an open bar event where we were tipping a ton, so I can't say how they are during normal club nights.  I think I'm getting jaded, because I can't think of more than 1 or 2 clubs in town that excite me anymore.
3	The old Prive. Not that crackin last Friday night when I was there. Either because the CES folks didn't know how to party or everyone else was waiting for the AVN awards to come to town the weekend after. It was a diverse crowd. Definitely diverse in age. There was an older man, I'd say in his late 60's, totally getting his mack on. Seems like they were being lax on the dress code. Some folks were wearing jeans & their parkas. Since we were staying at the Westgate Towers, we just went back to the room to drink more. Samantha Ronson was DJing that night and she was pretty good! I'd turn lesbo for her too! Although the music was good, I couldn't really do more than a two step because of the small dance floor.Instead of go-go dancers, they have the girls hanging from swings & ropes above the dance floor. Some of them were doing some intense core work, while the other girls looked like they were merely going through an exorcism. Still it was entertaining.
1	Huge gender imbalance and rude staff.
4	If you're in Vegas and you can't get in to any of the other superclubs or you just don't wanna deal with a superclub, The Gallery is your place.I should first mention that The Gallery isn't as big as Marquee or any of the other superclubs on the strip.  However, I did enjoy my time there.  I really liked the feel of this club.  There was one part of the club where the Pussycat Dolls perform, but I didn't get a chance to watch it, but the other in my party did.  Above the main dancefloor is this trampoline-like setup and they had girls in lingerie and masks swinging, hanging, and moving provocatively on it.  Near the booths are these pillars where girls in the same dressup were moving seductively around and being quite seductive to each other.  I went to Vegas for a bachelor's party and with a group of 11 guys, it's gonna be one expensive Vegas trip.  We stayed at the Planet Hollywood Westgate hotel, so it was just an armslength away from us.  We talked to a bouncer/promoter for the club one night, and he was able to get us a booth.  It wasn't the best placement for the booth and we only got the Skyy bottle service.  That night was more of a miss than a hit, but the music was good.  We couldn't decided where to go the next night, so we went there again.  Luckily, we talked to the same guy and he hooked us up with a better booth, placed right on the dancefloor and near those girls on the pillars, and he gave us the Grey Goose treatment.  That night was more of a hit.  The crowd was packed and there were girls from the AVN expo there.  I'd definitely come back here again.
3	My group was planning on going to surrender, but one of them felt a bit sick, so we decided to go here since it's the hotel we stayed at and because they were giving out passes to get in.Line:Tons of promoters in PH trying to get people into this club. A promoter saw our semi-large group. Tried talking us into bottle service, but got into the club faster than the line. Layout: Getting to the club is pretty cool, since you take an escalator. From the escalator, the left is some pussycat doll area, straight is some hallway with square sitting areas. Further more, there's a bottle service area, then at the end the bar. The Dance floor was ridiculously small. Can't complain about club dance floors having no space, but this floor was small.Vibe: The Dj was playing top 40 of like every generation, and repeatedly kept playing the "get your hands up" sample. I am more of a EMD (Electronic Dance Music). Eventually he plays a song that got me in the mood, and then I turn to my left and see a grandma getting jiggy with it. Kinda strange. A lot of people not following the dress code, like wearing some wack hat, wife-beaters, and stuff into the club. Not to be mean, but a lot of "grenades" Of course drinks are expensive, so i won't comment on that.TLDR: Club is tier 2 material, compared to XS, Tao, Marquee. I mean i had fun, but it was "strange" fun. haha, maybe I sobered up really fast when i got in the club.
2	I have to admit, the acrobat net and dangling go-go dancers above the dance floor was a unique twist on what would otherwise be just your basic Las Vegas club. My real beef with the place is the placement of the dance floor (which was small)  in the direct line of traffic to the bar. There was a constant stream of people going to/coming from the bar that made dancing a drag.  We went on a Thursday and got there at around 11:50 p.m.. Some promoters in the PH casino gave us some free entry wristbands and (with nothing  better to do) we decided to check it out. My boyfriend and I were just down to do something different and spend and hour in a club (any club) so Gallery fit our needs. If we had actually made elaborate plans for this place and paid a cover I would have been deeply disappointed.  The music was all over the place and kept jumping from genre to genre with no real theme.  I prefer some consistency. Some of the music was actually undanceable. It was a mixed crowd and we met some cool people, but there were random chicks in sweaters wearing Ugg boots dancing on tables and older white haired men with Members Only jackets that ... just looked a little out of place. It gave off a sloppy vibe overall. That was my first and last visit.
3	My girlfriend and I wanted to go out to a club in Vega (she had a new dress she NEEDED to wear out) and didn't really have a preference. Last time we were in town we went to the Bank which I couldn't get into because I was wearing white shoes, so this time I came prepared. We were in the PH gambling because we like the sports bar there and ran into some promoters near the tables. They got us both in, for free, as long as we got in before midnight. We did...The drinks were decent, but when we got their the card swiping machine was down. SO that kinda sucked. The music was awesome till about 12:45 when they switched from house / dance music to all hip-hop and rap. Now granted I like Lil'Wayne just as much as the next person, but this is a dance club... I wana hear DANCE music, not hip-hop from 1995 (JUMP UP JUMP UP AND GET DOWN... REALLY???)The last reason this place is only a 3... The guys. If you want random dudes to grind their crotches on you even if you clearly don't want or like it, then go here. We walked out to the dance floor a few times after drinking or having a smoke, hand in hand, and dudes would grind on my girl, see me, and be like "oh, sorry". Ya, no problem "BRO", just please look first before you throw your sweaty, cologne soaked body at my girlfriend.Strong chance we will try another place next time...
3	3.5 Stars***I think this club is going through an identity crisis. The name and decor leads you to believe its a swanky club,  but large cage mesh net hanging in the middle of the dance floor with dancers dry humping each other leads you to believe you've walked into a WWF after party. *Scene: It's a smaller club than usual clubs in Vegas, but nicely decorated (except for that freakin net!). Mixed crowd, 25 and up. Music is top 40 with a few old school hits. *Service: Short lines. The bouncers were actually nice. My groups free pass had expired at midnight and we arrived around 12:20am. After explaining why we were late, the bouncers understood and allowed us to get in free. Bartenders were easy and quick to order from and made strong drinks if requested. *Prices: Cover is $20 if you don't have a pass. Drinks are usual Vegas prices $12 and up.Overall use this as a back up club. I agree with Arnold's review below, if you can't get in or don't want to deal with any of the Vegas superclubs Gallery is your place.TIPS:-NEVER pay cover here. Not worth it. There's tons of Gallery promoters throughout PH. They're usually located near the escalators. Drop by PH during the day to grab a free pass.
3	Gallery = that is exactly what this "club" is-- a small, narrow, room that is NOT meant for clubbing. True, there's a net with hot girls dancing on it and yeah, the drinks might be cheap, but the music is whatever and the club is SO FREAKING SMALL.PROS:--no wait, and a stamped hand means re-entry all night long. **Some advice: get your hand stamped, go to another club, try not to sweat, and come back at 2am when everywhere else is too crowded.--cheap drinks- always a pro.--nice ambiance!CONS:--SO SMALL- how small is this "club"? I can stand at the front of the "club" and see all the way to the back. You know that narrow passageway in the lobby of large office buildings where you wait for the elevators? Yeah... about that size, but packed with people.--crowd is... not always that fun. I'm talking 35+ sometimes! I don't know why, but there always seems to be a lot of wallflowers at Gallery and less people on the dance floor. Maybe it's because the "club" is so small?The only attraction for this club is the net above with the hot girls. But unless you plan to stare up all night and cramp up your neck, go to another club.
5	The BEST time!!!Perhaps it was the company, the comp table, the gorgeous server, the fantastic music, or all of the above...but Gallery was the best night I've had in a long time!!! We were staying in PH which was really convenient, and had a promoter friend who hooked us up. Yes, it's smaller than other Vegas clubs, but they make up for it in other ways. The decor is beautiful. We had a prime spot where we got to watch the lovely and seductive dancer(s) in front of us, our server was absolutely beautiful, and we had a ton of room to dance by our table. It did get REALLY packed on the dancefloor so we didnt spend much time there, but the girls in the big nets over it looked super cool. Kinda sucked how the bathroom was ALL the way across the dancefloor, but we made it there and back in one piece and even got to check out the cute Pussycat Dolls lounge and a performance. Best part was the cute old couple in line to get in and the bouncer asking for their I.D. haha. If you're staying at PH, this is a no brainer. Gallery is SO MUCH FUN!!!
5	If you are a bachelorette party, you are going to have a GREAT TIME here!!! The promoters are will hook you up! We were walking through the hotel, and got a comped table in the middle of the club. Everyone was super nice and accommodating, including the bouncers.  The ambiance was very hip/chic/intimate. They had acrobatic women doing all sorts of tricks from the ceiling nets. The music was great! If you love hip hop and you wanna get down and dirtty, this is THE PLACE. I just really loved it and recommend it to everyone!
3	Gallery night club was a good club because of the music. i like hip hop and not trance and electronica. The club was pretty small but they do have a nice decor. Up on the ceiling are women doing acrobats and tricks on big nets and ropes dressed wierd. I went when they opened back up, received a wrist band to get in free after leaving the holley madison show at planet Hollywood.  Celo was performing and there where several stars there that night, including carrot top, pussy cat dolls creator, and on of the house wives if somethin lol. Over all i had a good time there. If you want hip hop now a days your only choice is galley and crown at the rio.
4	My review would not be the same if we didn't have Stacia from ipartyinvegas hooking us up.  That being said, we had a hot table, attentive (too attentive?) servers, and a rip-roarin' good time.  I never went down to the dancefloor - instead opting to dance on the edge of our booth.  The bouncers were good at their job - taking away our way-too-drunk friend.  They did try to take out another friend who legit just tripped, but hey - I'd rather them be over protective.  The girls dancing in the nets were cool, but the girls randomly dancing around the outside of the club were a little odd.  My friend gave them all names and voices, which was hilarious.  The one who just stared at herself in a mirror and seduced... herself... was named Kevin.
2	This club is TOO DAMN SMALL!!  but we made it do what it do! I've never seen a dance floor this small in my life but the DJ handled his business on the music. Gallery has women in baskets above you doing all types of things but after a while you forget they are there. Myself along with my bachelor party crew acted a damn fool in there and was told by security to calm down,..I don't blame them we were wilding out!...lol This was not one of my favorite clubs during my weekend so returning back will be a game time decisionFYI: Long Island teas cost $28 bucks for two!..and 2 bottles of beer cost $14 bucks so like any other club you might want to drink before you go!!!!
1	Oh my God. Okay so we had no intention to go here but we were in Planet Hollywood for a comedy show on a Sunday night. We were approached by a man and he told us to check it out for free entry and one complimentary drink. We thought why not. So we go in to get our drink and the bartender said no free drink and was so rude about it, it was shocking. He wouldn't even look at us, just kept acting snotty and shaking his head no. It was the weirdest thing. Our wristbands even said one complimentary drink right on it and we showed him but he just kept saying no, without an explanation of why or anything. So odd and rude. Anyway I told the door man of the issue and he said we had to get a drink ticket and he radioed down and talks with someone and then says to me that he was sorry but since it was slow they were not doing it! WTF?? wow.We decided to stay anyway and purchase a drink. Again, rudest treatment ever from that bartender. I think the receipt said his name was Humberto or something like that. He still would not even look at us and just had a mean expression on his face. Worst treatment I have ever had!. Not one smile, not one hello, not even one word spoken to us or even acknowledgment. We left that area and went by the dance floor and it was pretty dead. However it started picking up as the night went on. Still not busy by night club standards, but it was a Sunday that might be why. Every time we would set our drink down it would disappear!  Seriously someone kept cleaning away our full drinks if they were even left for a second (not alone, there was a group of us) or if we even turned our back at all, bam drink was gone. At $12 a drink, that was extremely upsetting, and again, weird!Terrible service. The employees in this establishment will be it's downfall.
2	We came here on a saturday night. Table service for 5 guys and a dozen or more girls. We got the best table next to the main dance floor. It was probably the most affordable table with the best location for a club in vegas. Girls were able to stand on the table and look at the dance floor below. Our waitress was very attentive compared to the ones at XS, surrender, or marquee.The crowd here isn't as "pretty" as marquee or xs. However, the whole group felt comfortable being there and didn't have to worry about keeping our composure...lol. We even made it rain.Come here if you cant get in anywhere else.
3	seemed pretty small. went during a THURSDAY night.didnt plan on going but one of the promoters approached my boyfriend & i (and the manager was there) so we got in for free! impressed by the interior simply because it was different from other clubs ive seen. i like the decor, aesthetics, and overall atmosphere but it was pretty empty. didnt purchase drinks or anything and stayed for a very short time. id probably come here if i wanted table service and wasnt trying to have a ridiculously crazy night.
4	I've been there twice, and a great DJ makes all the difference.  Friday nights, great crowd, great music, and comfy booths for bottle service.  There's also room to hop up on the area behind the booth and dance...and no one tells you to get down.  AWESOME~  The biggest downside, when they decide they're not going to open all the areas, you need to fight through crowds to get to where you want to be.  EVEN though you can see an empty clear area.  Le sigh.
4	I love Gallery Nightclub!! I was give them a 4.5 but it doesn't exist. I went there after Christmas before New Years with some girlfriends, and it was awesome. Plus, it helps when I was able to get in for free, perks of being a female. They play the best music, non of that techno house stuff. They play the music you can bump and grind to, lol. Drinks were pricey, but what do you expect when you're in Vegas. The chocolate cake shot I order was delicious as always. I dance the night away. Only down fall is there was a creepy guy stalking me other wise I give it a 5.I definitely recommend this nightclub if your not into that techno house stuff.
4	I'm in Las Vegas pretty often so I'm over the whole club of the moment and  I refuse to wait in a line longer than 15 minutes.  Gallery is always easy to get into and a guaranteed good time. The drinks are pretty strong and the music is always something danceable. **Halo bar or fat Tuesday in the mall connected to the casino are fun places to pre game.
5	While we were walking the strip, we got tons of offers to attend clubs. We settled on Gallery based on the offer and the car service Jerome (the promoter) offered us (THAT NEVER SHOWED UP!!). It was a Friday, we were celebrating my best friends 30th birthday and we had the BEST TIME HERE!! THE DJ WAS ROCKINNN' THE CROWD WAS LIVE, BATHROOMS WERE NOT OVER CROWDED AND DRINKS WERE NOT WATERED DOWN. We went to Koi (BOO!!) Marquee & Drais and by far GALLERY IS THE BUSINESS!! Did I mention Juicy J from three 6 mafia was in the building, partying?
4	I'm not going to lie, I really don't get out much anymore. But when in Vegas one must go to at least one club right? Getting on the guest list was easy, the promoter was so nice and kept track of me right up till me telling him I was there. Getting in was super easy, I'm so used to waiting in Hollywood no matter what, it was refreshing to just have them look my name up and check my ID and send me on my merry way.Now the club, its pretty wide and narrow. But small as far as Vegas clubs go. To be honest its asses to elbows and the people are drunk and rude. There is no where to sit down unless you get bottle service which for me with 2 bad knees is hard to stand. Drinks are insanely expensive. But the music is good, I was really digging the old school hip hop they were playing.The club has the Pussycat Dolls Saloon attached to it. And I FINALLY found a place to sit. I was so happy :-). The rest of the night was a mix of drunk people and dancing and me talking to one of the bouncers. All in all good times were had.
5	I still make fun of fellas that dance to house trance and all that. FINALLY! a good hip hop club on the strip!  Gallery, I've been with you since Prive, never liked the trance house electronica scene.  I get bottle every single time here and the service is great.  Big ups to Ashleigh our hostess who always get's my party on the dancefloor tables.  Big ups to our waitress Meagan who took very good care of us.  Big ups to our bouncer (Big Islander bald dude) who always looked out for us.  Jersey shore wanna be's won't be able to hang in here.   This is a hip hop....club non of that onsk onsk onsk.  Okay so that's my rant.If getting bottle service, get Ashleigh to help you out.
2	Not the worst club ever, decent music, but went on a Wednesday and it was dead.  Bouncer certainly fit the douchebag steteotype, which was amusing.  While my wife took like an extra 3 seconds to find her ID, he rudely turned his back the moment she found it!  That was the biggest MAN-BITCH move I've ever seen dude! I think this place needs to move a couple VIP booths so people could have room to dance.  Just like other reviewers say, THE DANCE FLOOR IS SO SMALL! But it was dead and therefore nobody was dancing anyway!  Pretty lame since I was expecting more from a "Vegas club".
1	I went on Sunday 05/27/12 and apparently they were doing a new thing and played techno only w/some guy playing a saxophone.  It was horrible.  We wanted to hear hip-hop and techno was not doing it for us.  We are adults, not teenagers.  We had  a table and bottle service.  The satff was very attentive but I wanted to get out of there just for the music alone.I will not be returning.
1	Horrible nightclub, went after peep show since we got free wristbands for the 9 of us girls. Dance floor is tiny, people there look like Vegas new comers, music wasn't the best and the security/ bouncers were jerks. VIP tables were empty and we were dancing near the rope and they kept getting mad saying to get in the tiny dance floor where people kept coming in and out bumping into us. Save your energy for a way better club.
1	Too small=too crowdedBouncers=rude$30 cover charge=not worth itbeer & cocktails=too expensive...even for Vegasmusic=okGallery Night Club=never again
3	I didn't even know that Planet Hollywood and a nightclub until my girlfriend told me that she got us on the guest list. So I was stoked because it was going to be free for the both of us. They had told my gf that the club opened at 10pm, so I figured "let's get there at 9:30pm." BIG MISTAKE...they didn't open till 10:30pm. Which was fine, but we could have taken our time.By 10:25pm we had check to see if we were still on the guestlist, got our stamps to go in...and by 10:32pm, we were in the club. Compared to Pure or LAX, the way they had this set-up was much more efficient. Inside the actual club...its small yes, but nice atmosphere. From what we saw, the bouncers weren't as rude as other places. Music was okay from 10:30pm-Midnight (played pop, pop-mashups). Then after midnight they started playing hip-hop, hip-hop remixes/mashups. Drinks are EXPENSIVE!!!Overall, a good night out at a club. I would go again, especially since it was free.
4	Me and three of my buddies stayed at Planet Hollywood and was approached by a doorman who invited us to come in and check it out. We were on our way to meet some other chics somewhere else and decided to come back later in the night. When we returned we got in with no issues what so ever. I did notice before we went up the escalators that one of the doormen was harassing another gentleman about him having to pay him to enter..I just shrugged it off and proceeded. I thought the interior was just ok..nothing really over the top. The best part is overhead with the sex dancers dancing on a huge net right about the dance floor. That was hott. I'll be back in Vegas on June 14th and haven't even considered going here it again. You might wanna check it out for yourself..but I've checked this one off as faking along the lines as just another club that will eventually take on a new name soon
3	It was ok but there are other clubs that are better. Nice area if you get bottle service which we did but the music wasn't as good as at Rok
1	Surprisingly ghetto with a weak DJ...
1	We came here on a Wednesday night before midnight ($10guys, ladies free)- V CARD FAIL. According to management, they do not honor the voucher. It's not stated on VCARD website nor The Gallery. - 20:1 guy to girl ratio even with ladies free. lol- Dance floor has no one dancing. Good job DJ Finesse! - Even when he started playing some hip hop music, very little dancing. Ugly drunk euro broad EXERCISE DANCING!? really?? -____- omg...- Resident Evil night club. Dead like dancers on a web above you and then swinging- Sometimes camel toe. lol- Bigger venue than Bank. OMG..- Music not as LOUD as RAIN. i actually did not get tinnitus. - NEVER again. just having to pay to get in to a club that I already paid for is some bull. - Gallery earns negative stars. Racist club with only white people on the Gallery pictures. "ooo...He said it"..oh yea, there are some boobs. actually one exposed boob. haha
5	Being that when were in vegas we love to do it big, but we also love hip hop... and all those super clubs i.e. xs marquee etc all play trance for the most part, so it's a little hard to find a nice club that plays a majority of hip hop... look no further than gallery at planet hollywood... i was at first skeptical bc of all the negative reviews but all that went out the window the moment we me alex ( host) at the front of the club.... He got us right in walked us to our table on the main floor and gave us a buy 2 get 1 bottle free...( how can you be mad at that)... the bottles were inexpensive for vegas (ciroc, grey goose 375) and the total for 3 bottles after gratuity and tax was 1k and it was for 6 guys... the tables on the dance floor were really nice, and spacious but when we sat down it was mostly trance and mash ups... and when i say we love our hip hop i mean it... i wanted to hear some biggie some old school some new school i didn't care as long as it was hip hop and not anything else... so i asked the waitress if they were gonna play hip hop and she said they do but they mix it up and then proceeded to tell me there was a hip hop room... i walked in the hip hop room and knew instantly that was where i wanted to be... and with no attitude or questions asked they moved our table to the hip hop room.... that's great service...from there on the night was a total blur... if you guys are tired of the super long lines the expensive minimum bottle service and that damn trance music check this spot out...you'll have a no stress good time...ps the dance floor looked packed so if you can get a table and go see alex.
4	Came here on a Sat very nice club. Loved the aerobatic girls over the dance floor. Expensive drinks but hey its Vegas. Good music old and new school.
3	2 words, Pussycat Dolls!Came here as one of our stops for our Club Hop.Our VIP host walked us straight to the front and told us to grab any group of girls we wanted since we can walk them in with our group...  Why not?  Its a great conversation starter... =)Im not sure if Im just old, but the music in the first room was just way too loud!  I mean it was so loud I rushed to get to the next room which Im glad I did.We made our way into the Pussycat Doll saloon which is the other half of the club and this is where the party was!They entertainment was full of eye candy and everyone was lovin it.  Drinks were fairly easy to get since the walkway into this room leads you to a bar. We ended up staying only an hour but I would have been curious to see the other acts and/or entertainment.
3	It was on the smaller side...and the table wasn't that great.  Some people spilled drinks and it took the staff 15 minutes to clean it up.  Hope you had a better time than we did.
5	This review is strictly for the bottle service.  It was as VIP as one could imagine.  Zero waiting in lines, personally escorted by the men in suits to a roped off area restricted to only the VIPs and lots of hand shaking.  Darrell apologized that it was a small table but it located by the DJ booth - it wasn't a small table, it easily sat 4 of us and we could have invited friends and there was plenty of area to dance.  Our server came immediately, took our order and soon our drink buffet came.  Throughout the night, our server mixed all of our drinks and we never had to touch a thing.  The utility guy, Chris, was one hardworking guy, always cleaning, clearing, arranging, anything to make sure everything was perfect.  The bouncers at this place were good looking, fun loving guys who were to be respected but also were fun, a rarity in the douche club atmosphere.  I highly recommend the bottle service as the value and the service is the best I have yet to experience and they really do treat you very, very well.
2	This is the type of club you go to because you are with a group of people that cant get into anywhere better.  Everyone got in free even the 12 guys.  Yes, EVEN the guy who was missing a tooth.  I went on a Saturday night and there was no line at midnight.  You can walk right in after they check your ID.  They were playing house music.  It was pretty lame, very empty.  Almost none of the tables for bottle service were taken.  Overall pretty sad.
4	I had been to the Pussycat Doll Lounge before, had no idea this club was on the other side (it was closed the night we went).  Went here on Saturday night (through the Night Train) and it was such a great night.  Drinks were good. Atmosphere was fun! Music was great but is also the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars.  I heard at least 3-4 different songs...at least 3 times.  I'm not a professional DJ by any means....but I do know there are enough club mixes where I do not need to hear Rihanna "we found love" 4 times when I also hear that on the radio every other song.  But on the up side he did throw in a fantastic mix of old school rap that I just loved!  I would defiantly visit this club again!
4	I think I would have given this club 3.5 if that were possible. Maybe 3.75. I had a good time, but there was nothing that made it stand out. We (me and my 2 girlfriends) texted a promoter that morning to get on the guest list, which made things nice and simple for us to get in. No line, no cover, just escorted straight through the velvet rope to the escalator. I would recommend that. The vibe in the club was very fun. The people around me were very attractive and everyone was dancing. My biggest complaint is the set up of the club.  The dance floor is very small and CROWDED. Plus, there are no walkways except through the dance floor, which means anyone trying to get from one side of the club to the other (including getting to and from the bar or the restrooms) had to walk through the tight crowd of everyone dancing. As a result, I had SO MANY drinks spilled all over me. My hair, my shoes, my dress all had other people's drinks in them.  Not cool. But the music was good and the crowd was good and the drinks were strong. This isn't one of Vegas' fanciest clubs, but it definitely was  a good time.
2	Wasn't the best time I've had at a club. Dance floor was small. DJ kept playing same stuff over again.  Waited at bar forever just to be helped by a rude bartender.  I asked security for help & it's was no bueno. I won't come back.
1	We went here since it was in the hotel we were staying at. I was having a good time until another patron rudely started talking smack to us. if we dont want to dance with your ugly ass no need to start talking shit! jerk! And WE ended up getting kicked out! Wth?! Explained to the manager Steven what happened. Absolutely nothing was done. What a bunch of racist a**holes!!
3	Well Gallery is yet again "under new management".  This venue changes management companies every few months but this time they pretty much fired the entire staff . . . wamp wamp wamp. . . . I give this place 3 month before it closes.  Anyone wanna bet the over, under on this one??Gallery is located in Planet Hollywood in the old Prive Nightclub. The decor it great and has a nice New York feel to it.  They do play a mixture of top 40/dance/house/hip hop music with some R&B mixed in for the urban crowd.The main room has a centrally located dance floor with acrobatic dancers on the ceiling for your viewing pleasure, and you will gawk!  The Pussy Cat Lounge, when its open, has live burlesque style dancers performing on stage.  Days/Hours:Monday: ClosedTuesday: ClosedWednesday: Industry Night 10:30PM-?Thursday: Ladies night with open bar 10:30PM-?Friday/Saturday: Nightclub 10:30PM-?
4	My girlfriends and I came here on Saturday night for free.  During the day, there were club promoters around the casion giving away the bracelet.  It was either get in free to the Gallery or pay $20 and have open bar at Koi.  We wanted to dance so we chose the Gallery which we didnt regret.  Music was pretty good.  Dance floor was small and the place wasnt too crowded.  I have been to Marquee and that place is way crowded.  The crowd was a pretty laid back.  There were twentysomethings but also some people in their 30's or even 40's.  I am in my 30's.  It was pretty good crowd.  my bay breeze was about $12.  I think this is typical.  Will for sure come back for free.
1	My my wife and I arrive to Gallery Nightclub with high expectations, as we love Planet Hollywood. The staff was rude! I was on guest list but still paid an entry fee. We were there for approximately 10 minutes when they said we all need to leave. WTF! We were ripped off. Stay away from this club.
3	Gallery is one of those places that you go to when you have no where else to go.  All of the other places that we wanted to go where already packed or closed for the night, so we ended up here.  However, we did like it enough to go back twice.  On the first night, it was fairly empty.  Almost all of the people here were dancing and the floor was packed.  A couple of the people that work here were rude.  One bouncer in particular was strait up nasty, so I walked up to him without my wife to tell him to lighten up a little.  He didn't respond, but was okay after that.  Everyone else was super cool...especially the other bouncers.  On the second night, they only opened the smaller area because they probably weren't expecting that much of a crowd based on the night before.  This night it did get packed by the time we left, but it was a total sausage fest.  There were just too many guys at a certain point, and it became uncomfortable for everyone. hahaThe best thing about Gallery was the music.  The sound system was on point, and the song selection was pretty good.  It was a good place to go to dance, and it was nice to find a good place right by our hotel. I would go back to Gallery for sure, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
1	Wow. This was bad. LOL. The only save for the night is my friends' good attitude to make the most out of the situation. Maybe because it was a Wednesday night? We decided to go since one of our guys was wearing sneakers and a t-shirt and we were guaranteed in. [why is wearing sneakers such a big deal anyways? Easier to dance in them... if you're really dancing.]Music - Really slow. They played popular top 40s music and that was all good, but it was so slow. How do you dance to Fun's "We are young?"... even if it was a remix. There was a mix of decent songs, then momentum would stop with a bad song. The most action on the floor was when "Gangnam Style" played. Crowd - Empty. There were maybe only 5 people dancing on the small floor when our group came in. It grew a little as it became later, but most of the crowd was sitting in their tables watching everyone who would dance. Maybe people would dance if they drank more... leading to...Drinks - Cover was $20 with drinks included. Should have realized that meant little to no alcohol in my Vodka-Pineapple. I drank 3 of them within half an hour and... nope. Nothing. Again - maybe people would dance more if they had a bit more alcohol in their system.Ambiance and setting - It was okay. More like a lounge. I think if there were more people it would look better. It's relatively small and nothing stood out.I would not go again.
3	My gf and I came here a while ago. We were in vegas during the weekday so walking down the strip we got many offers to get into clubs for free and this was one of them. It was still early in the night so we thought we would take them up on the offer and my gf getting a free drink if we did was an extra incentive. Well for her at least. We were one of the first ones there when it opened went straight for the bar, she got her free drink I payed for mine. The place was nice decent size, girls placed in certain spots dancing to make it seem more livelier. Right over the dance floor they have a girl hanging and she goes around trying to get people's attention by touching them and what not. It was different, nice little distraction at least from what I saw at the nightclubs I've been to. We danced a little the dance for was in the middle and not that big especially since they had some booths lined up with the dance floor. Funny thing that I noticed was there were way more guys than girls at that club. Not that it mattered to me since I was there with my gf just funny because most of them were standing around the dance floor watching and waiting I guess for single ladies to dance or something so they could swoop in and I don't know just felt awkward  when my gf and I would hit the dance floor and only a few other people would do the same and they are surrounding the floor just watching us. Either way we were only there for maybe 30-45 min I'm pretty sure as the night went on the place would start filling up but we got there right when it opened so there was plenty of space not being taken up by bodies which is always a plus. It was nice , after experiencing it for free as far as entrance goes, this place probably wouldn't be at the top of my list to go back to. Unless we got in for free again but that would only be if the night was still early and it would give us something to do before we hit up one of the super clubs.
3	Went to Gallery for the 2nd time on Friday night. The first time was part of a club crawl, so it was really early in the night and the only people there were the club crawlers. I did like the go-go dancers in the aerial net thingy. Very fun to watch!This time, we were headed to Koi for the open bar, and a promoter invited us to Gallery with no cover. Since we had already been to a place with an open bar, we thought we'd check it out. The layout is pretty awful, which made it feel SO crowded. The dance floor is basically a walk way in the middle of a bunch of tables. It just seems like a bad use of space because I don't even think most of the tables were occupied, and this was at 1am!The music was good and they were giving out these foam light sabers, so that was fun. It was fun while it lasted, but just too many people packed into a small space. I'm glad we didn't pay to get in!
2	Haha pretty whack when we came. I am glad I didn't have to pay cover cause if I did I'd be pretty upset! Used my money wisely to gamble instead...
2	Super easy to get on guest list. Pretty awesome that they have free vodka for girls. I actually liked that they had burlesque dancers on display. I did not however like that they wanted to charge $18 dollars for 3 waters!!! When a drunk asks for water, charging that much is going to result in some puking up in your club.
5	BAD ASS!  XS, Marquee...No, a club with normal people wanting to have a great time, YES.  I did have a solid hook-up, (Chad Solis, ask for him, tell him I sent you) a great friend of mine.  We have a bachelor party of 10 guys, of course bottle service, perfect location.  We were the center of attention, over looking the dance floor.  Security, Waitress, Dancers, all perfect and amazingly good at what they do.  I have done Marquee, XS, Pure, Hard Rock, Etc...this place had to be by far the best crowd, best time.  Will I be back?  Not if, but when!
3	I think that my three stars is appropriate for a few reasons. It was free to get in w/ my college ID so that was cool, but I would have been pissed if I paid the normal $30 cover for being a dude. It was apparently hosted by Sara Underwood, but they announced her once while I was there and she did nothing (I was only there for about an hour). The set up seems alright, but for a Vegas nightclub it didn't impress me too much. Small space and only two or three Go-Go dancers in the dance area made it seem like a fake upscale dance club. I was also shocked to be charged $5.00 for  just a regular coke and $13.00 for a Ciroc and cranberry. Do you and your friends a favor by avoiding this club, because if you do have money to spend, there are a lot more nightclubs in Vegas that will give you more bang for your buck.
3	Came here on a Saturday and the DJ kept the beats flowing all night! This is one of the very few clubs in Vegas that plays good (current) hip hop. -1 star because the club layout is a complete cluster fuck! If you don't have a table, finding a spot on the dance floor or simply walking around would suck! I was here for a Bachelorette party, fortunately we had Bottle service (i.e. guaranteed area to shake your ass uninterrupted). The door guy wasn't a douche, our hostess was polite and bottled water was only $7.50 (low end by Vegas standards). Gallery isn't one of the newer "fancy" clubs with fireworks and go-go dancers doing acrobatics. However, if your business is Hip Hop and fun people you'll have a good time!
4	We rolled in 25 deep for a bachelor party. We purchased bottle service through (Galavantier) which I highly recommend. They walked us right in, had our tables setup and everything went off without any trouble. Many thanks to our host Brandon and the overall team that took care of us. There were many beautiful, well dressed and easy to talk to women. Best advice, dress to impress, get there early and be NICE !
3	Came to the Gallery as part of my bachlorette party weekend. We had bottle service so getting in and getting situated wasn't too difficult.The VIP area was not booked to capacity or completely full at all. Tons of empty tables - not really a great sign. But the groups who had tables around us were all super cool and friendly and there for a good time. One table (with just a couple) next to us ended up leaving early (I think after a waitress spilled something on the girl eeek) and ended up handing over their nearly full bottle to us!I ventured out to the dance floor one time and it was so packed and hot I immediately retreated back to our booth - not the best area to dance at all. We were able to stand in our booth and dance on the back of our booths as freely as we wanted - no security telling us to get down.They walked around passing light up foam sticks which made the party fun too.Music was kind of hit and miss. They played hip hop and they played house alternating between the two. I'm more of a hip hop girl myself, so when they played the hip hop they definitely had me shaking my ass.
4	Went to this club with a bunch of my girlfriends for my besties 30th bday.... Not sure if this review is accurate since we were 8 hot girls LoL... we had no problem getting in, no lines & were treated great.  Very friendly staff, beautiful bartenders and VIP hostesses... loved the ambience of the club as well.  Very fun environment.  I had no negatives about this club... nice mixed crowd as well & the music was perfect! They mixed hip hop with techno so everyone was happy.I will definitely come back to this club... thanks for the hospitality. xoxo
3	I first came to Gallery back when it was Prive' and had a pretty good time. Then when Gallery first opened, they were primarily a hip hop club I guess. Of course that ended quickly because this is Vegas and they don't want "urban" crowds on the strip (it is what it is). Back then it was a BLAST. Always packed, high energy, and great DJs, such as DJ Clue :) When they became a top 40/house club it died for a while and I mean this place was dead. One weekend we went to check it out and there was literally about 10 people there if that. The last time I went here however during spring break season, it was actually worthwhile. The music was good and the DJ was pretty consistent. They are starting to have good guest appearances again. What I do like about this club is that they usually let local ladies in free unless it's a big weekend. There are very few clubs who honor locals on the weekend and I salute Gallery for that!!! I know we can always (in most cases) come here and be accommodated if we go elsewhere beforehand and it doesn't work out. What I don't like about this club is the dancefloor is super congested and this already isn't the biggest club to begin with. It's also really easy to get burnt out on coming here because there is nothing that really stands out about this place compared to other clubs in Vegas. I really think they should revamp this place again. As energetic as Planet Hollywood is, Gallery just doesn't live up that. Gave this 3 stars because they have a good team. Everyone's pretty nice.
1	It should have been a red flag they were handing out wristbands to get people into this place. It was dead. To make it worse, the decor is boring and the layout is bad. The music at the Heart Bar on the casino floor is a thousand times better and there's a giant video screen for entertainment. Too bad the Gallery Nightclub doesn't live up to the atmosphere and vibe of the rest of Planet Hollywood. They should remodel this place (again) so it's cool and maybe they'd get overflow from the Cosmo nightclub across the street.
1	I had to do an update on this club. Memorial Day weekend... one of the most poppin weekends in Vegas along with Labor Day weekend and fight weekend. And Gallery was supposed to have guest DJ Kid Capri spinning hip hop. I expected it to be packed and jumping. We got here a little after 11:30 and this club was dead af. They were playing the macarena. Nobody here but older folks and lames with no rhythm. We went to the bathroom and hung out for like 20 minutes. Now it was midnight and still dead. I'm over it. This club is so inconsistent it's ridiculous. Then they had the nerve not to be doing free champagne for ladies til 12 like they normally do because it was a busy weekend. Busy for who??? They should've been handing out bottles to get people in as dead as it was in here.
4	Stayed at Planet Hollywood with my fiance for MDW 2013, so decided to see if I can get decently priced bottle service on Saturday night for the Busta Rhymes show.  Spoke with Craig who definitely was nice enough to work out a deal for the two of us.  Just had to show up early when the club opened.  Service was top notch.  Host/Hostess were very attentive, and our bouncer, Brian took care of us really well.  Club was dead up until after midnight, when they moved us into a booth into the Main room.  A Busta Rhymes performance really wasn't on my list of must do's, but my fiance and I had a blast.  He kept the crowd going, although I would have loved if he performed some of his tracks for a little longer than just 30 seconds.  All in all, we were happy with the service and atmosphere and definitely wouldn't mind coming back.  What matters is that we had a great time!  Thanks Gallery!!
1	Ugh, sux, nowhere to sit unless you pay for pricey bottle service.  We stopped here as part of club crawl. We left after 20 min.
2	Typical Vegas nightclub. Nothing to write home about. Samantha Ronson was spinning and thats the only reason this place gets a 2 and not a 1.The 2 is because I was 86'd for being drunk.. I know its a "policy" and liability and that Vegas cracks down on kicking people out who have done nothing wrong but are just intoxicated. Seriously though, if you kicked out everyone who was drunk every place would go out of business in a matter of weeks.I didn't stumble, fall down, fight with anyone, pass out, yell at staff or puke... I was standing watching the DJ from outside the VIP section.. probably with a slight sway..and was escorted out, had a giant "X" marked on my wrist and sent down the elevator. The bouncer who 86'd me was guarding the VIP section and apparently didn't like me standing too close. Who knows. It's not like I tried to rush the VIP. I was just standing there to get a better view of the DJ. I didn't have a chance to tell my friends (obviously) and my phone was dead. They basically sent me down the elevator alone, wasted and with no way of contacting my friends to let them know. Pretty f*cking reckless and irresponsible. Luckily a friend came down looking for me. I was very intoxicated and could have easily been kidnapped/raped/who knows being all alone in Vegas. This was the only time I'd ever been kicked out of anywhere in my life. Pretty outrageous if you ask me.
1	LOLThis place is a joke, and I have come to terms with Vegas and its lifestyle, you know? a bunch of security guards high off their own, you know where I'm going with this, living in Vegas has taught me one thing, patience, but after what I witnessed last night... I could not believe I try new clubs at all.Here goes last night:Took my mom to the airport, went to Planet Hollywood, walked around a bit, got approached by this promoter, said yes, friend arrived, we headed to the club. I have no problem waiting in line, but, this had become far more than that, there was a group of 4 people in line in front of us, we shared a couple smiles at jokes and we were all waiting patiently, then we see a couple females that just walked in talk to the person manning the line, then lo and behold, the security asks us to step back, and allow them to come in front and wait. Again, why do I venture away from XS, Tao, Hyde, Lax, Lavo or Blue Martini, and my little hole in the wall hangouts? to see crap like this? All these clubs are lacking customer service- I looked at the group and said that was disrespectful, and they agreed, they walked away, and then we left as well.Does this club know the story of how Hakkasan came about?HAKKASAN LAS VEGAS REVENGE STORY: HOW A MIDDLE EASTERN BILLIONAIRE DISRESPECTED BY A VEGAS NIGHTCLUB BANKROLLED THE $200 MILLION CLUB TO TEACH THEM A LESSONlol, I'm not saying that it will be me, I'm saying, respect the people who support your cause.---ended up checking out Koi, which isn't spectacular, but the girls controlling the line were very attentive, explained what was happening, ensured that they would be right with us, even tried selling products in a non pushy way... didn't love the space, but loved the music and the service.
1	This club is AWFUL.On their website, they say they open at 10:30 p.m. but they kept us waiting in line until after 11 p.m. The "guy with the clipboard," Shawn, at first seemed amazing a friendly but soon turned into a condescending and rude snob. It's SO. LOUD. (I know, night clubs are supposed to be loud because I frequent night clubs but this was excessively and unnecessarily loud) and the way it's set up is really strange and not conducive to dancing or having a good time at all. The pictures online and the description are way different than what you actually get. They claim the club can hold 2,000 people, but they have different rooms/areas that can be opened or closed off depending on crowd size. They really try to keep the accessible areas as small as possible to make it seem like the club is packed. They have promoters going around basically begging people to come to the club and offering free cover (though not as desperate as the Koi promoters--honestly, they're trying harder than the people who pass out porn flyers on the streets) in a desperate attempt to get patrons. The dancers were very talented though.There's no clear dance space--the area we were in was mostly VIP tables for bottle service--and the area between tables which I had thought of as a walkway to get to the bathroom was the "dance floor." Maybe I'm lame, but I just don't feel like dancing in a hallway is a good time. There is nowhere to sit unless you pay $460 for a VIP table and bottle service. The bottle service might be cool for like a bachelorette party or something, but ONLY if you get to pick your table in advance because there were very few tables that looked like they were in a good area (not with the dancing crowd 3 feet away). And since the dress code is formal (not really enforced though, just saying there were some trashy looking people there) we were wearing FABULOUS (aka uncomfortable) shoes and having nowhere to get off our feet, drink, meet guys etc really put a damper on our experience.The casino itself is just pathetic. The whole thing is decorated in a very....desperate way. I got the feeling that they are trying so hard to make it seem like this is a fancy place where rich people and celebs go, but it looks like Paris Hilton's bedroom all hot pink with crystals everywhere. Not classy at all. The gogo dancers are beautiful and very talented, and the waitresses are friendly and very nice, which were the only positive aspects about my experience there.  The "cover" is ridiculous--there's no open bar, so what's the point of having a cover? To make it feel exclusive? In my experience, a cover is a way for failing bars/night life areas to make some extra money, but to me it says, "we're cheap and we need to make money." This is a casino--typically, casinos don't "need" to make money that badly, so why do they need a cover? Their other club, Koi, does charge a $20 cover but it's an open bar so WIN! Especially since downstairs in the casino a rum and coke will run you $11. OK, here's our story: we were there for the heavily-promoted post-fight (UFC 162) after-party at the end of UFC Fight Week 2013 that GSP (Georges St. Pierre) would be. Meeting GSP was the entire basis for us going to Vegas, so before we decided to go me and my friend each called the night club 3 times to make sure we knew what was required. We were told 3 different amounts for the cover charge, but we were told the same thing every time: to meet GSP, we just had to show up and pay the cover to get in, we didn't have to get a VIP table or buy tickets or anything like that. So we go to Vegas, get there, Shawn says he'll "hook us up" since there were only 2 of us and we didn't feel it would be worth getting bottle service for that, etc, we're excited.....then we're kept waiting in line long after it's supposed to open, they finally let us in and GSP is nowhere to be seen and no one knows anything about it. We were really confused about the whole club--are we supposed to dance in the middle of the walkway? Can we please sit down? We just want a drink but the bartenders can't hear us....where's GSP?--ugh. Not fun. Then GSP shows up, yay! But they won't let us near him because we don't have green wristbands. WTH? So we asked how we get a wristband, and no one knows. We finally find a promoter giving out green wristbands and we go back but apparently they were the wrong green wristbands. Whatever. So we ask to talk to a manager (who was awesome!) because the whole green wristband issue seems like something they should have told us about when we asked what we needed to do to meet GSP, or at least they could have told us when we first asked hours before the club even opened, etc. So the security manager personally escorted us to meet GSP since we had been given wrong information by the Gallery staff, which was awesome.Overall, I am of the opinion that if a club has to beg you to come, it must not be a very good club--and for good reason.
2	Me and a buddy went to Gallery on 07/11/2013.  Was a little after midnight.  We paid the 10 dollar cover and went on in.  I did like the music.  But the night we were there the place was SMALL, now ive read there are multiple rooms, but not on this night.  Drinks are super strong, more liquor doesnt always mean more better.  We had a decent time, but just the setup and size are a letdown.  Back area is set up like a T, with the VIP tables all around the stage area.  That seems to push the crowd away from the stage.  GOGO girls dancing was nice.  Dont think i would ever go back.
4	Good shit, for hip hop
1	Terrible!!! The DJ couldn't even figure out what music to play. The dance floor is in a terrible place and way to small. This place needs a major upgrade starting with the music.
2	This place isn't my kind of place, it's a little ghetto... LOOOOTS of super sweaty people, its hard to go anywhere without getting my feet stepped on. We stopped here during our club crawl. Bathroom smelled like really gross cigarettes. Not a quite corner anywhere in case you lose a friend :-( The dancers they hired don't really dance, they just move slowly in poses or fan themselves, it's odd. We had free champagne at the bar but it wasn't very good. Creepy creeps follow you around here :-/ I think my friends had fun here, but this is where we got separated and our search for one girl in our party started.
4	Gallery competition.There was no competition at the Hot Body Contest for the winner number #2. Blond hair, tattoos and a moneymaker to match and bounce, that's my brief description of the winner. Recap number #1, nada next time maybe with contestants that resemble you.Hands down number #3 would've taken 1st place if there were no number #2 in existence. Number #4 WTF were you thinking. Good party though.
5	Went on a Saturdays night and had a blast. Music was a nice variety.Had two tables right in front of dj booth, it was awesome.Lots of good surfaces to dance on.. Big +++Don't remember seeing a bottle service girl after the booze was dropped off but security was very attentive.Had a good time, they just need to stay open later.
3	Smaller club in Vegas, but it was in our hotel, and we did a club crawl deal so we stopped here. They have hip hop here for sure, if you like that sort of music and style. But have to admit, this place was probably more sleazy than the other clubs I've been to.
