5	The new Chinese restaurant in the Palazzo, this place drew us in because of the promises of pho with filet mignon, and congee, and just good old asian food.  However the 5 of us racked up a $200 lunch bill, the service has alot of catching up to do.  Our waitress forgot to bring us tea, hot mustard,...hmm maybe shes new.  BUT waiting over 30 mins for some PHO? i mean seriously, thats retarded.  I think Red 8 at the Wynn is much better than this place.  Filet mignon in the Pho does nothing for pho, the taste was just bleh, had to wait 10 mins for some siracha(rooster sauce) just not happening.  Well, ill come back regardless, and give them another chance, in all fairness they just opened.  Hope by next time they have finished the training!**EDIT**after my first initial visit, i have revisited Jade, and i have to say BRAVO! The service has definitely made a huge improvement, and the food was great!I have to say that when i first went, it was grand opening week, and they had to work out some glitches, but that seems to no longer be the issue.
2	Jade Noodles resides on the casino level of the Palazzo Hotel. The decor was in a dark red contemporary ambiance.I was looking forward to their 'remarkable' dim sum dishes. But was definitely disappointed with over all taste, service and price. We ordered one pot of Woo-long Tea($2.95), Siu Mai($6.95, comes in 4 small pieces, the wrap was too thick, the pork filling was dry and flavorless), Thousand Year Old Egg Congee($12.95, very ordinary and watery), Fried Tofu($6.95, best dish so far, the mini rounded tofu were lighted breaded and deep fried, great contrast between the crunchiness of the batter and the silky tofu, add a drizzle of garlic soy sauce on top, and it was delish.)We've also ordered the Shanghai dumplings, but had to cancel the order, after waiting for it for 40min. Didn't think it would've took that long even if they'd made it from scratch! With the same price, Noodles at Bellagio offers a much better choices on dim sum as well as taste.
3	Went here with some new co-workers during our sales conference.  Brand new place opened up in the area between Venetian and Palazzo.  The decor was nice, the service was OK--the guy had no idea what we ordered if we said "pho ta" ... to him it was just V1.  They were fairly accommodating as we added 2 people at the last minute and one person needed honey and sugar and hot water to nurse a sore throat.The food tasted fine.  Great, actually.  The broth in the pho ta (v1) with filet mignon was actually really good.  But the noodles were short and the basil I got was limp.  The limes were a bit dry, and there were no mung beans, but red onions and red chili slices instead.Yes it was good, but pho should NEVER cost $16-$20 for a bowl.  Unless it has actual gold flakes in it or leaves my mouth magically minty fresh afterwards.  And pho is about the cheapest main course on the menu.
3	i enjoyed my solo lunch here before heading out to the airport.i had the shrimp won ton which was tasty but who can justify $13 for a bowl of won ton soup! yikes, that's vegas for you!
1	Awful experience - my wife and I had a complementary dinner to Jade from the Venetian. We were excited to dine here, but were extremely dissapointed. The waiter was rude, and not attentive. The food didn't taste like anything; you could taste the mayo on the prawn, so much so that you had to scrape the crust off. Overall, this restaurant was garbage and if I had paid for the meal I would have been furious. I happened to have a second complementary dinner to Jade, and did not use this as I was so disgusted with my experience.
4	I went here a couple of times while I was in Vegas. They have both Chinese food & Vietnamese noodles. Although the noodles were 18.00 a bowl, I found it pretty good. Good flavor and fresh. I also had these little chinese dumplings that are called Shiao Long Bao (from Shanghai) and those were pretty decent as well. Obviously not the very best I have tried, but when you've had a night of mass drinking, comfort food is always great!
5	Jade has now changed its name to ZINE!same place, same menu, great service.
4	This restaurant is a staple when visiting vegas. Used to be called "Jade". I've eaten here a handful of times and continue to returnVery good service here and the food is tasty. Macau roast pork is something you must order, its not for the meek. It's roasted pork belly that's a bit crispy on the outside..... mmmmm.
2	Wow, I can't believe how bad the food was here. Tried to come here late night at 2:45 am, but they turned us away cuz they closed at 3 am.Fine. So, we went back a day later to nurse out bangin hangovers. I was so excited to try this place, but what a mother effin letdown.*shakes head*Ordered the steamed pork dumplings (xiao long bao), steamed shrimp dumplings, noodle soup with pork and pickled veggies (Taiwanese staple), and filet mignon pho tai.Har gow- eh, it was decent. 4 pieces. typical dim sum fare.Steamed pork dumplings- omg, what a disgrace to even call this that name. I had 1 piece and was thoroughly offended. He had a piece and made the funniest this-is-gross face. We left the last piece untouched. My noodle soup with pork and picked veggies was so bland and tasteless that I just couldnt eat it after a few bites. Instead I ordered beef noodle soup. Beef noodle soup came to the table 5 min later. Holy shit. It was freakin spicy as hell! I thought I was gonna die. They had added 10 red peppers in there. Not kidding. My mouth, throat, tummy, and ass was on fire. I'm really ticked off that they didn't indicate the spicy factor on the menu. It took me at least 30 min or more to get through half the dish.My DC had the pho tai and said it was awesome. I only had some broth, so I can't comment on it. Anyways, this place is not recommended. The bill was about $81, which included a thai iced tea, vietnamese iced coffee and hot tea. Hells no. Never again.
4	GREAT traditional chinese food, soothing, modern atmosphere.  I love the cold cucumber appetizer and hainan chicken. my FAVE is the kobe beef. noodles are good too.great service, they speak chinese for those of you that are bring your asian friends/family into town
5	I would say that Zine is my second favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  I think I still prefer Red 8 in The Wynn, but Zine is a lot more quiet.  There was not wait time, which is nice in Vegas.  The service was very good, and the wait staff was very helpful.  The waitress steered me away from the Macau Pork, which is actually pork belly.  I was willing to go for it, but she told me I would likely not enjoy it.  Great place to eat in the Palazzo.
4	We wandered in here shortly after checking into our room, and were immediately impressed with the space. It's modern yet calming, mature but not stuffy. Its a trendyish yet grown-up place, which is a welcome change in Vegas. Very '007 meets Charlie Chan' feel.I very much enjoyed the food, which is a variety of different Asian styles. We only had a few items and they were all excellent- the dumplings, the shrimp fried rice, and seafood and noodles in spicy coconut broth. They have a solid wine/sake list, and my Martini was huge and delicious. The service was thorough if just a bit forced, but they left me alone to eat the messy noodle soup thing in peace. I will eat here again, definitely.
5	So so so good!Came around typical dinner time, but it was pretty empty. Had a beer, a veggie wonton appetizer, this super awesome spicey soup, kung pao chicken and the most amazing, light tasting veggie fried rice ever. It was really, really great food. Plus, compared to everywhere else in this god foresaken place, it's really quiet and mellow. A nice place to chill out, unwind and eat until you hate yourself.On the spendy side, as everything here is, but totally worth it. For 2 people it was $100 but this was my fave food place so who cares.
5	This place has incredible food, some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.  Definitely try the Sea Bass, it was perfect.
2	I am Chinese and I ate here three separate times on my recent Las Vegas trip. The food is quite good, on par with many local Chinatown places. The service is spotty. Get rid of the cheesy Asian hostess that can't speak English correctly! But for simple dim sum, congee, and one dish of noodles, this place is way overpriced at $90 for Chinese food, even for Vegas standards. I would come here again but only if I am comped.
3	THE +'s: great decor, very attentive wait staff. "zen ambiance" is so cliche but it holds true here nonetheless. they've got a private, walled-off dining room for a party of 10 hidden in the middle of the restaurant -- only visible if you slide open the panels. that was neato.THE -'s: lunch tab for four was about $70. sure the noodle soup was clear to the last drop -- but damn eh! nice varied menu though -- a little of catonese, shanghainese, and even some thai.SUM: we were lazy and craving chinese-ish food so just went downstairs to eat here. the price is crazy but that's just cuz i'm used to l.a.'s deliciously cheap chinese cuisine. food flavors are decent enough that i'd come here maybe just once per vegas trip to satisfy the chinese food craving.
2	I'm too tired to write a completely thorough critique of each dish of our comped prix fixe dinner, but here is what we ordered:Dim Sum Sampler  (egg rolls, shiu mai, pot stickers)- GoodChicken and Corn Soup- FantasticWon Ton Soup- Boyfriend said it was goodLobster Salad- Ick, too much dressingPeppered Beef Tenderloing- OK, chewy at timesHoney Walnut Prawns- Weird...sauce was mayonnaiseyMochi Ice Cream- ALWAYS fantasticTofu Custard- Almost made me barfThe service was great, but apparently this meal is normally $80 per person.  I wouldn't pay $30 per person.  Decent food, nothing too special here.  We wouldn't have chosen it if we were spending our own money...Head over to the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood for superior pot stickers......
2	Overpriced, Americanized, Asian style food. Although advertised as a noodle and dim sum restaurant the menu contains food from all over the place with little dim sum offerings. Everything is overpriced for what it is. The service was fine and the atmosphere was nice as well. But the food was not worth it.
2	I can sum up Zine in one sentence: the most expensive mediocre Asian dinner you'll ever eat.$18 for pho.  Yes, the beef noodle soup that you can get a decent bowl of for $5-7 depending on your locale, just weaker and three times the price.The jellyfish salad - OK flavor, could have used some ponzu or some other acid, but cut way too thick.  Jellyfish should be the consistency of soba, not chow fun.Steamed pork buns - OK, but nothing to order again.Duck and winter melon hot pot - If I'm paying almost $20 for it, I want the duck deboned.  Nothing is more annoying than picking out tiny shards of bird bones from your food.  If it were cheap-n-rustic, I could forgive.  Yes, the bones lend flavor, but turn 'em into a stock for cooking.All in all, the flavors were OK, but nothing really stood out as particularly good.  I could go to any Chinatown diner and get similar, for much, much less.  Eat here if it's comped, maybe, but don't pay for it.
4	We had the Ultimate Dinner that was provided to us as part of a casino offer and had low expectations.  Overall, we thought the food pretty good.  The dim sum app sampler was good, the lobster salad was too orangey, the won ton soup was yummy, the peppered tenderloin and seafood rice was delicious and the coffee/chocolate ice cream thingy was odd.
3	its the palazzo, so it's expensive and pretty over priced. However, food was much better than expected. we got the wonton noodle soup and it was decent, the wontons were actually surprisingly yummy. But then again, most food is welcomed after a night of partying. It is overpriced, and probably not worth it, but since we had a coupon, it was ok.The waitress seemed really out of it, but the decoration is pretty good, high ceilings and good for intimate dinners with friends. Come here if you have a coupon!
3	this place is ok. some of the dishes are hit or miss. this is one of those places when you order 5 dishes, 3 are really good and 2 are ok.i may come back if i have a comp...
4	This is really expensive, authentic high-quality Chinese food and flawless service.  Prices are 2-4x what you would pay in a Chinatown somewhere in the world for the same dish.   However, if you keep in mind you are in a high end casino, the prices are reasonable when looked at from that perspective.  This is one of the few higher end sit down restaurants that are open for lunch.Their $15 lunch prix fixe is a good deal.  You get a soup, entree, and dessert.  The mango papaya cold soup I had for dessert was awesome!  Too bad I have no idea where else I can get it.If you like PF Chang's, you will find Zine to be a couple of classes up and more authentic.  If you like authentic Chinese restaurants usually, you will be complaining at how expensive Zine is but you will appreciate the quality, cleanliness, and service.   I will be back here
5	I love Zine!  It a high-class Chinese restaurant and that's what you would expect in a high-class casino resort hotel like Palazzo.  I decided on the shrimp dumpling noodle soup.  It was delicious and hit the spot!  The wait staff is very attentive.Oh, and try the desserts - we had the trio mochi ice cream and the red bean pancake with a dollop of vanilla icecream.  YUMMY!!
3	stayed at the Palazzo this weekend with some girlfriends and we decided to venture here for lunch...friday afternoon at around 1pm and the place wasnt too crowded. ready to start the weekend, we ordered a bottle of our favorite lychee sake that they had on hand ($23, usually $10 at BevMo) and ordered dishes for a  family style lunch. for 4 girls, we ordered 3 dishes - bbq pork w/rice, chow mein, and chinese broccoli. we thought this was enough but portion sizes are fairly small so we had to end up ordering another dish, the sweet and sour pork.  all in all, this def isnt your most authentic chinese food, but it was good and of course it's vegas so expect prices to be inflated. the total for lunch was about $30 per person so not breaking the bank and based on your other dining options at the Palazzo Hotel, Zine is def one of the more affordable places.
1	Zine shouldn't be even considered asian food. The Pho is $18 and taste like dark Thai soup. Disgusting. Service was extremely slow and they would not get our order right either. We had a few dim sum items which were just ok and casino prices. I would not come here again for some decent chinese food.
2	I thought this place wasnt that good...the foods doesnt have any flavor and the dim sum we had were old and it tasted like it was heated up from the microwave!!  Expensive and no worst it!!
4	This restaurant is a very expensive chinese/vietnamese restaurant, that for us, was 45% cheaper because the mirrored venetian website (in chinese) was offering a 45% discount card.  Pros: Food quality is excellent.  The xiao long bao are excellent.  Perfect dough underneath with the right amount of pleats on top and with a slight amount of doughyness on top.Soups are excellent.  I had the braised beef szechuan style noodle soup and my friends have the pho.  The shanghai style rice cake is excellent, however, the portions are a lot smaller when compared to Noodle Asia in the Venetian.Cons: Price.  However, this becomes moot if you somehow can score this discount.  You have to be able to read chinese to get it.
3	Won ton soup was amazing. Real Chicken stock and fresh meat in wontons with thin tight wrapper just like ma-in-law in Hong Kong made.Chui Chow duck was also very good.Singapore noodles had no evidence of curry at all.Chinese broccoli was under cooked and overgrown.Worst of all the red bean paste cake was greasy and half full of  red bean.Half the meal wasgreat half was under par. Not what you'd expect from a pricey restaurant.
2	food eh it was okprice: WACK!!!!kung pao chicken and seafood chow mein for $50!!! i was like OMG!!! i definitely will never go back...i only went there because my mom was craving asian food and didn't want to leave the hotel. but i would definitely not go back! nothing is special about it it tastes like any other chinese restaurant except 3 times the price. definitely will not go back...next time i'm craving chinese i'm going down spring mountain road!
1	We got up very late on New Years day and were recommended Zine by our concierge.  I love Dim Sum (yum cha) so was eager to try Zine.  From the very beginning we got a peripheral feeling that we were not really welcome.  They wanted us to wait in the back while they cleaned the table that was all the way in the back for us even though there were plenty of other tables.  The hostess almost seemed embarrassed to have us wait up front.  Maybe it was my friend's sweat shirt or something else.  I don't know.The waiter came to take our order in a normal amount of time and brought our Chrysanthemum and Green tea almost quickly.  But then we waited.  And, we waited...  We tried to make eye contact with our waiter.  He looked the other way.  The restaurant was about 65% full I would say.  So it wasn't like they were slammed or anything.  Finally we did make eye contact after about thirty minutes and he actually put up his hand to block (arm completely outstretched) and averted his gaze from us as if in disgust.  At this point we got up and left stopping on our way out to complain to the hostess who didn't apologize or seem to care.
3	When the Palazzo wants to comp you a free dinner at their chinese restaurant, you just take it, no questions asked.  Since i was lazy to walk anywhere to eat (well, i'm always lazy to walk), it worked out well.  And if the restaurant is within viewing distance from their craps tables, well let's say i don't stray too far from home.I was shocked to see how huge this place was upon entering, and the place was maybe 15% full.  It's quite elegant and very quiet inside.  I think i saw tv's in the back bar area, which I wasn't expecting for this restaurant.  The food was average, some bright spots, some lows.  The shrimp and pork wonton soup was a touch salty, and not really warm.  The honey walnut prawns, which i was very excited about, were disappointing.  Covered with mayonnaise, it was too overpowering and you couldn't taste anything but the mayonnaise.  It was like they dipped my head inside a jar of Hellmann's.  As for the wins, the mongolian beef was flavorful and i appreciated the texture of the beef.  The pan fried noodles were a surprising winner.  I didn't expect to like it as much as I did.  All in all, it's good when you're lazy and at the Palazzo, but i wouldn't call it a destination spot.  It's also a little too expensive for Chinese/Vietnamese food, and especially for the small portions they give out.  $18 dollars for pho? $20 for fried rice?  OHN.  You're better off going to Chinatown for those prices.  I still love you Palazzo, but when i'm playing craps i'll make sure to look at another place.
2	I was in town for an industry trade show and went to Zine with some of my work colleagues as they were interested in Chinese cuisine.  I was a bit skeptical as to whether it would be good as I've yet to find a good Chinese restaurant in Last Vegas, and my doubts were justified.Despite there being a major trade show going on, the restaurant was relatively empty when we were arrived, and we were quickly seated.  We were a total of 3 in our party, and the others were comfortable eating family style.  So we ordered 3 dishes that we were going to share.  They were the e-fu noodles with crab, braised chicken and tofu in a hot pot, and stir-fried baby bok choy.  While the ingredients were fairly fresh, the overall taste just didn't fit what I expect to taste.  In fact, all three dishes were bland in taste.  For the hot pot, I was disappointed with the amount of chicken provided.  The dish that probably most conformed with my ideal taste in Chinese food was the stir-fried baby bok choy, which was the easiest dish of the three to cook.Service overall was very good.  We never had to wait for a waiter to show up.
3	Good food, great atmosphere. Nothing really special about the meal or the menu, but there's a decent selection. My only real peeve with the place is that, without asking, they took me back to eat at the bar--which was otherwise deserted. I realize that restaurants don't like to give up a table for single diners, but come on...at least ask.
1	Okay, I didn't read the reviews before I came here.   I was staying at the Palazzo and I felt like eating dim sum.  Probably because of the dim sum advertisements for Zine.  My friend was coming over for lunch and she didn't want to eat at a buffet.   I'm not sure why because when we came here she wanted to order food and share it so she could try different things.  I told her to order some things that looked good to her but she didn't want to order and said she'll eat whatever I order.   WTF?   Oh well.   I ordered the Har Gow, Siu Mai and noodle soup to start off.    The Har Gow and Siu Mai were 6.95 each order and you get 4 pieces per order.   It was average at best.    The soup was okay and a little on the bland side but I love noodles.  Then I ordered the Lemon Chicken and YanZho fried rice and a Mango alcohol drink.  I forgot what the drink was actually called but they had a picture of it and she thought it looked good and she actually liked it.   She insisted I try it but I didn't care for the tapioca in it.   Back to the food.   I'm not sure how many people reading this have actually had had good lemon chicken or know what it's suppose to taste like but  this one sucked.   It was like a piece of chicken pounded, then breaded and deep fried served with a lemon sauce on the side.   The YanZho fried rice was on the lighter side.  It really didn't have much flavor.  The bill came out to $82.76 plus I gave a 20 dollar tip.   The service here was excellent but there were hardly any people in the restaurant for lunch.
1	Saturday morning/early afternoon, we woke up hungry craving for dim sum.  By the time everyone was up and ready, it was almost 2pm so we needed to find a dim sum place that was open later or 24 hours.  Upon searching on Yelp, we found this place at the Palazzo and thought it would be convenient since we were staying at the Palazzo.We walked downstairs and into the restaurant and stood there while the hostess was on the phone where we waited to be seated.  The restaurant was empty with the exception of maybe 3-4 tables filled.  The decor was nice and upscale and we knew we would be paying a pretty penny to eat here.The menu is filled with high priced items which includes Chinese, Shanghainese, and Vietnamese items and the portions were extremely small.  Light eaters can finish multiple dishes with no problem.FOOD:-Steamed Pork & Shrimp Dumplings (Sui Mai) - The meat was rubbery and it didn't taste fresh.  It tasted like it was frozen and reheated in the microwave.  $7 for 4 pieces.  -Steamed Chicken Feet - I personally didn't eat it, but one friend said it was okay, the other said it was bland.  $5 for 3 or 4 pieces (we ordered two orders).-Steamed Shanghainese Pork Dumping (Xiao Long Bao) - Decent, but not as tasted as I've had at other places.  It lacked the broth inside too, but was still served with the special sauce.  $9 for 6 pieces.-Pan Fried Noodles with Seafood - The $19 noodles weren't even crispy and was too "saucy".   -Beef Chow Fun - Probably the most decent dish I ate, but it still didn't have enough flavor.  -Hainanese Chicken Rice - EXTREMELY disappointed in this dish which cost almost $17.  The "special" rice that comes with it barely had any flavor and the pieces of chicken were extremely skimpy.  The ginger sauce lacked green onions and salt.   -Roast Duck - I didn't eat this dish, but we had leftovers when the serving size was extremely small, so I'm assuming it wasn't the best dish.  -Fried Rice with Dried Scallops - Not enough salt in the dish, it was extremely bland.  We spent our time adding soy sauce to add some kind of flavor to the dish.  SERVICE:  Horrible!  The staff was extremely inattentive and not very friendly.  The waiter took our order and disappeared within seconds after we were done.  The only time we saw any of the staff members was when the food arrived, any other time, they were no where in sight.  They do pack your food if you decide to take it to go.CONCLUSION:I am extremely disappointed in this restaurant, I left the restaurant unsatisfied and not full.  Being in one of the high end, 5 star hotels on the strip in Las Vegas, I would expect better quality service and food. Pricey food is expected in Vegas, but quality is as well and this place lacks quality all around.  Use the money you would spend here and cab it to Chinatown where you'll probably get horrible service, but at least the food will be good.
2	My boyfriend and I were browsing through the Palazzo and decided to eat lunch at Zine. I don't know if it's because I'm from Monterey Park, which in my personal opinion has the best Chinese food, or because I currently live in San Francisco, which also has great Chinese restaurants, but this food was just wrong. I do admit that I only tried the chicken fried rice, but even that was pretty bland. In retrospect, I would not have put down $55 for 2 unflavorful rice dishes, tea and Vietnamese iced coffee, and a tip for half-ass wait service. Plus, my waiter seemed pretentious, however, the other staff didn't seem so bad.  I would only go back to this place if I got comped for my meal.
4	I'll preface that it seems some people question authenticity of a person just because they had a decent meal at this place, that it's some sort of lie or ignorance I'd give it more than 1-2 stars... which isn't quite fair to say as this is about everyones individual experiences and I happen to have been happy with mine. I'm not Chinese but my older 2 brothers and sister are and their culture is very prevalent as part of my upbringing since I was born. My dad was a businessman whose partners are all Chinese and we spent much time in Hong Kong and had indulgences cooked by our Chinese friends/business partners/family and I cook Chinese at home. We came late at night before they were closing after watching a show. A few customers in there still, but only 3 other tables, one Chinese. Foodwise, I was very surprised that it took me back to times feeling like I was eating from someones home kitchen. Appetizers- black bean pork riblets, green onion pancake and for main- Braised E Fu noodles with crab, Macau style pork.Riblets were soft and piping hot, paired well with the pancake which was a nice balance of crisp, soft and right amount of chewiness. My favorite childhood pancake done right texture wise...was light on the onion which I can go heavy or lighthanded with it. E-Fu noodles had a decent portion, good lumps of crab that was fresh and had sliced shitakes in it. This was simple and nicely flavored and done. Macau pork was a small portion, but good- crispy, some fat but not too much...served with sauce and pickled veggies. Ice tea was surprisingly nice. It wasn't a plain tea like Lipton, but a nice blend that had fruity and flowery balanced....most of the restaurants brew this same ice tea. I should ask what it is next time.Overall, I thought the food lived up to making me happy and did taste authentic. The server wasn't really friendly or chatty, but was attentive. Checking on us, refilling drinks, replaced our utensils from apps to main, made sure to ask for last call on the kitchen. Staff was on and would be very sad if they couldn't manage us 4 tables in for late night but it passed what I expected it to be.Pricewise though is the deal breaker as its like 2x what a usual family owned spots would for this casual Chinese food. Yeah, it's in a casino so you pay for convenience, a nicer ambiance and the fact that rent there in Palazzo/Venetian is some of the most expensive on the strip so they gotta cover their ass. I don't think it's easy to market Chinese food at this price as we're used to paying cheap prices for good Chinese foods.If this was a "gourmet burger bar" or a sushi bar something of the like, I doubt it would struggle as much or have as much price complaints. We got a special discount so it was worth it, but at regular price for a local I will head to Chinatown instead of the strip for food. Still, the food was good and made me feel like I was eating a Chinese uncles food at home. It's been a while since something reminded me of being a kid.I say food is good and if you have to eat in Palazzo, then it's a choice but it's a hefty price compared to a taxi ride to Chinatown.
2	I went to Zine earlier today and left extremely disappointed. My friend and I got there around noon, and were seated right away toward the back of the restaurant. Good start...In terms of ambiance, it's a nice looking restaurant. It's located off to the right side of the casino floor. The inside is nice looking, and our table was pretty big. They had a TV in the back that was playing a soccer game.The service was AWFUL. I don't think our waitress ever introduced herself, and apart from taking our order, she never stopped at our table. She didn't even ask how the food was (which is pretty normal, no?) and we had to flag her down to get our bill. There was an eyelash (or some sort of small hair) in my teacup, so I asked her for another cup. I eventually had to flag down another person to get me another cup because our waitress never came back. I could understand her forgetting if the restaurant was packed, but all she had was us (a table of 2) and another table of 10 guys.The food was ok, but I've had MUCH better dim sum. We were thinking about ordering another round, but decided against it because a) I was hungover, b) the food was not as good as we were expecting, and c) the service sucked.Definitely an overrated restaurant.
4	I go to Vegas about once a month, sometimes twice a month, and I rarely venture out of my comfort zone for Asian food (never in Vegas hotels) preferring to take my car out to Mountain Spring/Chinatown area. However, I felt I should give the Asian restaurants in the Venetian/Palazzo a try. Honestly, I would not have eaten here had I not received resort credit. I was expecting to get fusion-like Chinese food, basically "fake" Chinese food. Much to my surprise, I really enjoyed my dinner! I had the prime beef tenderloin and the Chilean sea bass, and they were both very good. I'd definitely come back. I have lots more on the menu I'd like to try!
3	The prices were a little much especially when I knew we could get the same dimsum for better quality for half the price down the street at the Chinatown district. But hey, it's the Vegas Strip. Like I said, the quality was not amazing and the service didn't help either. Our server brought out our pot stickers and soup first and forgot to bring out the rest of our dimsum. After waiting another 20 min we finally told the host to cancel the rest of our order because we were late for an appt. The server brought out the rest of our order anyway so we ended up having to stuff those down quickly. Pretty disappointing.
2	I would have to say that while the menu looks like it offers chinese dishes, the quality and taste is not up to par.The lychee iced drink seemed to be nothing more than canned lynchee with watered down syrup with ice.The hot and sour soup base was bland and spicy, but the contents were very abundant.  It was lacking on the sour part.For the entree to chose to go with variety and ordered the BBQ & Roasted combination which allowed me to pick 3 different types.  I chose the BBQ spare rib, Soy Sauce Chicken, and Chui Chow Style Spiced Tofu.  The BBQ spare rib really didn't taste like anything.  The meat was essentially glued to the bone and required effort.  The Soy Sauce chicken had very little chicken meat.  It was just skin and bones.  As a result of the skin and bones, the applied soy sauce really soaked into the minimal amount of meat essentially made the chicken very salty.  The tofu lacked any spice and the tofu skin lacked texture.  I was able to try a piece of the honey glazed bbq pork which was definitely honey glazed, but the pork was not very good.  The trio mochi ice cream was actually pretty tastey and soft.  The mochi shell was very soft and melted in my mouth.  While the ice cream was average.
3	Great Ambiance - Diverse Menu offers lots of Asian inspired food options. The service was great - they took a large group at lunch of 12 people and we had no reservations. The menu was accommodating to all taste buds and overall the table was satisfied with our selections. I had a 3 meat combination plate with the bar-b-que pork (GREAT!), the roasted pork (Solid) and the Soy Sauce Chicken (Not for me.)Overall I was happy and would give this restaurant another try.
1	They don't deserve to use the words "dim sum" in their name!!  This is not a dim sum place at all!!  A few dim sum items under the appetizer section of their menu does not do it!!  Who ever heard of $18 for a bowl of pho?!!  We didn't order that but wanted to note how ridiculous that was - only in Vegas, I guess!!  We had their wonton noodle soup, which was $12, and not spectacular!  We ordered the hau gow and sue mai just to try it and it was dry and not worth it at all!!  The service was super slow and the servers all looked miserable!  Worse place ever, not worth a dime!!!
5	Zine is an upscale Asian restaurant that was labeled one of the ten best in America by Chinese Restaurant News. Chef Simon To, the recipient of the blue ribbon award from my alma mater (can you say that about culinary school?), Le Cordon Bleu, has created a menu bursting with excellent renditions of the more popular items you find on Cantonese, Vietnamese, and other Eastern menus throughout the valley. I would like to try everything on his menu, however, due to the extraordinarily high prices you pay for these renditions, dining here is more of a luxury than feasting on similar versions elsewhere.Between the two of us, we ordered four items. The amount of food was more than enough, but surprisingly, we didn't leave stuffed - a definite plus. We started with the Rare Filet Mignon and Beef Ball Pho ($18), a version of the traditional Vietnamese soup. The filet was  tender, the broth was rich, and the rice noodles weren't over-saturated with liquid. My only regret was that we hadn't ordered the version of the soup without the beef balls, not because they were bad, but because the filet was so wonderful. Likely a traditonal pho would not contain filet, however, so this pho is a particularly indulgent one and the hefty price tag confirms this.We then moved on to the steamed Shanghainese pork dumplings ($9.25), which for the record, are the absolute best I've had in town. China Mama on Spring Mountain has been reviewed as having the closest version to those of the incredibly popular Din Tai Fung in Arcadia, but Zine puts those to shame. At China Mama, the technique just isn't down. The dumplings fall apart at the bottom because they are too thin, releasing the coveted broth prematurely, and the crimping at the top is inconsistent and often sloppy. Zine is the only place I've seen that can compare to Din Tai Fung, however, they don't have the great variety of options, a sad yet understandable difference. Unfortunately, they also cost twice as much, but for a Strip restaurant I'd expect nothing less. If I put myself on a food budget, which I really need to get around to doing one of these days, I'd order these alone and wouldn't need much else.We finished with some dishes from the "Chef's Special" section, all of which end in $0.80. I think this is supposed to make the consumer lucky. We had the sauteed vegetables ($16.80), which were impeccably dressed in a light garlic sauce and cooked beautifully. The little pearl mushrooms were a welcome and unique variation, however, I was hoping for Chinese broccoli rather than regular broccoli. The Honey Glazed Walnut Prawns ($28.80), a personal favorite, could have come out hotter but were delicious nonetheless. The dish consists of extra large prawns that have been lightly battered and fried and tossed with a mayonnaise based sweet sauce and, of course, honey glazed walnuts. Sounds healthy doesn't it? I found the quality of this comparable to same dish at Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast, but due to the fact they cost double at Zine, Ping Pang Pong wins my walnut prawn competition.Other than the prices, there was nothing about Zine that would make me not go back. Each dish we had was skillfully prepared and well-balanced, so if you see a dish on the menu you've enjoyed elsewhere in Vegas, chances are it will be better here. Just don't forget to eat the lucky dishes so your gambling habit might pay off and cover the cost of your meal.
2	This is a new, high-end Chinese fine dine eatery in the Palazzo Hotel and Resort. It essentially replaced the former high-end Asian restaurant called "Woo." We chose to try this restaurant only because of a voucher we received in a hotel package. The voucher allowed us to take $30 off of a bill of at least $60 total. We thought, "what a good deal!" Well, on second thought, NO it wasn't!The food:Overpriced Chinese food. I hate to say this, because to the contrary of popular belief, there IS such a phenomenon as expensive, high-quality Chinese cuisine that is absolutely worth paying for. Zine, however, is NOT such a phenomenon. While the description of the restaurant alluded to a variety of Asian dishes on the menu, it mainly Chinese cuisine, with the exception of a few Vietnamese "phou" dishes. Mao Pao Tofu = 20 dollarsSirloin Beef Cubes = 30 dollarsCup-size Hot/Sour Soup = 8 dollarsAnd no, the quality of the food was not worth the extra charge. The presentation was sloppy (I swear the noodle joint @ Bellagio (Noodles) can do better than this). The taste? Sure it was good and tasty, but I am absolutely convinced you can find this same taste and quality from a local Asian eatery (probably on Spring Mtn Road) 5 minutes away by car. Service:I have to admit the service was top-notch. They constantly checked on my table, asked us if we needed anything else, and it made me realize I should focus my criticism not on the staff that was simply working here trying to make a living, but the overzealous owner or hotel mastermind behind this careless restaurant concept. Here is a warning to those who are planning to use a similar voucher at any of these Palazzo restaurants: they will automatically calculate the 18% gratuity based on your ORIGINAL total, not the discounted total. So while my bill essentially came out to around $50 dollars for two people, the 18% tip was based on a total of course $90. Overall:I would probably not come back here again unless there is a miraculous price adjustment to their menu. I would to reiterate that I am a proponent of expensive Chinese food, though it must prove its extra worth through quality and taste. Zine does not justify the price of its menu and I truly believe that without the voucher currently being offered to Palazzo residents, Zine would see little business in far future.
4	Nice contemporary Chinese setting.  Good food - enjoyed the bbq pork/chicken/roast duck platter & fried rice.
5	By the time I and my friends were ready for food, it was past 10pm. We went strolling in Palazzo because we like playing the C tables here :) We stumbled in Zine. Yes, price is on the very high end but the food is pretty good so that's fine. I am giving 5 stars because our server was exceptional. My girlfriend wanted to order the steam lobster entree and she did. Minutes later, our server came back politely to let her know the market price would be $70 for the 2lbs lobster LoL... My girlfriend changed the order to something else. We ordered three entrees & wines. The last entree that was brought out, my girlfriend pointed out to them that they brought out the wrong dish she had ordered so our server immediately removed the entree. My girlfriend picked another entree. By the time we were done with our meal, our server asked if we would like some complimentary mochica ice creams ( mango & strawberry & chocolate). We accepted. Our server came back to check on us again and he was very apoligetic about the one entree incident and wanted to make sure we are happy. BTW, we told him we like the mochi ice cream a lot, he got us more mochi ice creams :) Overall, very good service & food was pretty good ...
3	3.5 stars for me.I agree with what many say that the place is overpriced, but we clearly had a better lunch than many.  Don't know if they're inconsistent, or if we just ordered better?  Here's what we had:-Shanghainese Pork Dumpling: A pretty basic dish that is hard to do badly.  The dumplings did take a while to come out (we were told this in advance), suggesting that they are fresh.  They were freshly steamed and pretty good.-Cantonese Roast Duck: This dish was small but very tasty.  The duck was nicely cooked, and the skin was flavorful and crispy.  Enjoyed this.-Satay Ox Tail Noodle Soup: Our waitress was very pleased that we both knew what ox tail was and that we liked it.  Apparently most of the whiteys that go there don't.  Living in LA, we eat everything!  This was super interesting.  Viet-style  Pho, with Thai-style satay base, with Chinese-style ox tail.  It says it's spicy and I'm sure it is for some.  I wanted it hotter, so we doctored it with some of the sauces on the table.  I enjoyed this dish a lot.  Great mix of flavors!-Singapore Style Curry Rice Vermicelli: Again, good flavors and interesting mix.  We enjoyed this too!Overall we enjoyed our meal but, admittedly, it was expensive.  I was also mildly annoyed that I needed to leave the restaurant to use the restroom; for this price, but a restroom in your place like all the other medium-upscale places!  Service was good and we were stuffed full of bold flavors.
4	I don't really understand all the haters here- I thought the food was good, at a decent price!We had the pork dumpling, hot and sour soup, and soy flavored noodle dish (can't remember what it was exactly called, but it came with bean sprouts and beef). Everything was really good! The dumplings came out steaming hot, the soup was well seasoned, and the noodles were just delicious! I would go back. But no fortune cookie? Sad.
4	The beef tenderloin in garlic sauce was awesome.  The meat was so tender and melted in your mouth.
2	If you're craving Chinese food, this is the closest you'll get to it on the strip. Although, I can't really blame them entirely for being below par because mostly tourists come here and they have no incentive to improve their dishes...or more accurately resemble authentic dishes. I suggest ordering the BEEF CHOW FUN, which I think is the dish that is made most accurately to beef chow fun in authentic Chinese restaurants.The service really sucks- the only people in the restaurant were my boyfriend and I and it took us forever to find someone to fill our tea pot and get check. All the waiters were doing something in the back. Obviously they didn't appreciate our business even though we were the only ones there...
4	This is a wonderful addition to Vegas restaurants.  The dim sum is okay, but I like the noodle dishes and other entrees better.  Their seafood noodle soup is not very spicy but has wonderful stone crab claws.  The Mongolian beef is spicy, and perhaps the best I have ever had.  I also love the prawns with egg and chow fun.  The chow fun is truly rice based here like many years ago and of great quality.  The food is not overly salty here, and has a wonderful blend of flavors.  This place is a little hidden, and has great food.  It is quite pricey for what it is though.
3	I agree with the majority of reviews here, in that the food is pretty typical fare, and way over-priced. Chicken Pot Stickers: Were almost cold when they arrived at the table. Had to send them back. Once we got a hot plate, we devoured them. VERY good and the sauce they serve with them is wonderful.Fried Chinese Donuts: Nice, but nothing special.  I dipped them in my soup broth.Filet Mignon Noodle Soup: Pretty good, but didn't blow me away. Seemed a little under-seasoned.Roasted Pork Belly: Another dish served at an inappropriately cool temperature.  Didn't bother sending it back because I warmed the pieces up by dunking them in my soup broth. I suspect if this dish had been served hot, it would have been quite good. It was my first taste of pork belly, so quite disappointing. Upon reflection ... I wish I had sent it back. Dammit!Kung Pao Chicken: Flavorful, plenty of chicken, yummy sauce. Good, but nothing more than you might find at any decent Chinese restaurant.Thai Iced Tea and regular iced tea: Yummy!Service was adequate, but nothing special. One of the bussers couldn't speak English, so she had to find someone who could understand that our pot stickers were cold and we wanted to send them back. Just annoying.Tab for 2 people, 2 beverages, 5 dishes was $84 and that was after our $10 coupon was deducted.  Obviously, you are paying for the location inside the fancy schmancy Palazzo, and the expensive, dramatic decor.  Overall, it didn't suck, but I am not inspired to return any time soon.
4	I tried this place for the first time this past weekend.  I have to be honest... I wasn't that hungry when we went... But the others in my party were... So we went.  I ordered something very light - the egg white beef cilantro soup.  Others ordered congee, the pork belly, and the pan fried noodles.  My soup was absolutely delicious!  Granted, it was like $8 for a small portion.  I tried the congee and that was the best congee I have ever eaten.  I'm no congee expert so to me, it was great.  They had pho for like $18 a bowl which I think is a rip off... But it is Vegas and inside The Palazzo.  Food was wonderful, just overpriced!  Oh, by the way.. cool ambiance if you ask me.
3	I usually tell my friends that eating in the Venetian/Palazzo complex is pretty much a safe bet.  The food is usually very very good.  Put an Asian themed restaurant inside an Italian resort and all hell breaks loose.  We had a large lunch, so Zine was a good choice for a light dinner.  We went with the Shumai as an appetizer.  This shumai was like spam wrapped and steamed.  The meat was grinded down so fine and the binding agent created a thick spammy type blob.  We also had the pan fried egg noodles with seafood.  The noodles were pan-fried, but not enough of the noodles were pan-fried.  I would say 5% of the noodles were crispy.  Also, most places tend to over-sauce the pan-fried noodles and that makes any crispyness soggy.  To add insult to injury, the scallops were not cleaned properly and had grit in the meat.  The chicken and fish fried rice was good.  Not enough meat.  The best dish we had was the combo BBQ.  We had the Roasted Duck, Spare Rib and Pork Belly.  This was done excellent.  Nice crispy pork belly and duck skin really made it the star of the show.  So, now I can tell all my friends that eating at any Italian restaurant in the Venetian/Palazzo complex is a safe bet.
3	We were looking for a nice light meal before the Blue Man Group show and Zine fit the bill perfectly. While I can see where some of the issues described in the more negative reviews came from, we fortunately didn't run into them. I think expectations are key here - all we wanted from the restaurant was a bowl of noodles (we were actually heading for Noodle Asia but walked by Zine, looked the menu and decided to give it a try).. Service was friendly and efficiant, my bowl of Pho Tai was delicious and Sam's Won Ton noodle soup could have used a little more flavor but the shrimp wontons were a nice surprise. After three days of high-end eating we weren't in a terribly critical frame of mind and I think that had a lot to do with our perceptions
4	If you have read my reviews on regular basis, you know I rarely pay for food at Vegas Casinos.  In my opinions, you can get much better food/values dining else where, i.e., not in the casinos.  This was an over due review as it was part of my birthday offer (along with $$$ slot credits) from Venetian/Palazzo back in March.  I used it twice so I had dinner here twice.  I agree with some of the reviewers that the price is high for what you get (thus, why I don't eat in the casinos unless it's free).  Although this restaurant also calls itself a Dim Sum restaurant, I would not recommend having dim sum here. (Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast offers much better dim sums)  The selections are very limited and I don't think they were made in-house (judging from the appetizers we had).  The decor is very typical Chinese, red and dark wood.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=x8ygrCywG3_FWAUwKibbmw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=akOesnzeDGBQ0AXJvXos6A.  We had the Ultimate Dinner for 2 (Prix Fixe) as followed:1)  Course # 1 Appetizer - Egg rolls, Sui Mai, and Pot Sticker.  Like I said, earlier, these taste like store bought.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=NZO7p2uF35vjc-pXrXaXxQ2) Course # 2 Chinese Lobster Salad in Citrus Dressing - You get about 3 little piecesof lobster.  Dressing is a bit tart.  I think they could have used better salad for this dish.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=TMj9z4crBk4a3qJ_IxUHUw3) Course #3 Soup - I chose Hot and Sour Soup and my fiance had Wonton Soup.  Both are pretty good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=UaH4RErpnUy1YWgXD_3VXw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=L9XBjVOcoFG-T4Si3I7FpQ4) Course #4 Entree - I had Prawns with Candied Walnuts, Fried Rice (with Shrimps and Scallops), and Veggie.  I thought they were very good.  The mayonnaise was just right http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=I2qhcjAAmLmhfh_mH20JgQ My fiance had Pepper Crusted Beef Tenderloin, Frid Rice, and Veggie. The beef was melt-in-your mouth tender with great flavor.  One of the best cooked beef I've had.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=oBYWMt8cnovjjuYwbjtzgw5) Course #5 Dessert - 1 tiny piece of mochi ice cream.  I love mochi ice cream.  They should have given 2.  :) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=Xtvk_sDxgkMn0gpx9wxFmwI might be biased in giving this place 4 stars because I didn't have to pay for the meals.  But I thought the quality of our meals was really good and price was on par with what you'd expect from casino restaurant.  Service was very attentive.  Come here for their regular entrees and not Dim Sum and I think you'd be fine.
1	Sorry, but this would probably be the most disappointing meal during my Vegas trip.  Not only was it the most expensive, the food wasn't anything to brag about.  I tried a bunch of food from their menu (since I was with a bunch of people), the only item that was good was the walnut prawns...But how can walnut prawns not be good.Thumbs up for the atmosphere though.
2	Disappointed. Overpriced. Yeah yeah yeah you heard it from me a gazillion times, I'm not a Chinese food fan...so take this review with a grain of salt perhaps?First, the restaurant wasn't that busy and the server (and kitchen) was really slow. For a party of 6 people, our food came out in largely varying times. Majority of our party's dishes trickled out except a couple, so we asked about them - twice. So about 25 minutes later the remaining dishes finally arrived. We had vouchers and our server was clearly annoyed about it. Maybe she was really cranky about working on Christmas. We politely explained the situation and tried to be nice about it and smile instead of giving her a hard time (hoping it would lighten her mood)....well, she was non-receptive and further decided to be short and unattentive. At least the hostess was nicer....I ordered the wonton noodle soup which was bland, albeit the more "healthy item" on the menu. The bok choy was not "ripe" enough and the broth was...off. The egg noodles were sooo tangled I started getting frustrated about trying to eat them, hahaa. No I did not finish my dish.The spicy scallops were very spicy omfg. Way over-sauced. The scallops weren't cooked right and overall tasted like spicy mush. The sweet and sour soup was just ok but I would not ever get it again. The only good thing about my meal was my lychee drink which was fresh and light with real lychee fruit, none of that fake stuff.Everything was overpriced and not that good, I did not enjoy my time here and it was not a good value even with the vouchers.
3	As a born and raised Texan, going to Vegas was pricey, but paying for food in Vegas was even more pricey! Especially for "Chinese" food, yikes! But all prices aside, I'm willing to over look the $$ signs if the food is eff'n amazing.  Zine's menu was typical Americanized Chinese food. Although it's suppose to be a noodle/ dim sum place, there weren't enough dim sum choices to put dim sum in the name of the restaurant! There were a few noodle choices in addition to pho noodle soups. But I was expecting all-out noodle/ dim sum fest type menu, PLUS some typical Chinese dishes. It's more of the other way around. But all criticality aside, what about the food you ask? I ordered green onion pancake, a bowl of Schezuan beef and tendon noodle soup, and iced tea. The pancake was a lose/lose for for me. It didn't' taste like onion at all, but more like butter. Heck! If you poured some syrup on top, I would of thought the pancake was from IHOP. The soup, however, is what hooked me. It was soooo GOOOOD. The flavor and freshness made the soup absolutely amazing. It was a pretty decent sized bowl, and I ate it ALL, broth included.The decor is nice, the staff is okay. I really don't like having to ask for more iced tea, it's my pet peeve. I was on the verge of cracking when one of the staff finally saw that I was down to the bottom and came to fill'er up. If you check this place out, stick to a noodle soup. It's definitely less pricey for the portion size.
3	Came here with a group of girlfriends and ordered family style.  We had the barbecue with 3 meats, which was delicious, a noodle dish which was the best entree by far, and dumplings.  The dumplings were served hot, with a sweet sauce, and they were really good. Everyone was pleased wih the meal, and no one complained about the price.  The service was a bit slow though, especially since the restaurant was pretty empty.  I would definitely go back.
3	So overall, this place was fine. It was ok..Yes, it LOOKS amazing. Everything was very well decorated, and I just liked sitting there. Things were brought out in fancy little carts, and it was just overall a really nice environment.Our waiter was helpful, although sometimes there were minor miscommunications, but he always asked and double checked before jumping to conclusions and putting in our order.The food was fine. It was a little greasy, and a little overpriced. I felt as though I could've really just gotten something that tasted better for a lot less at a Chinatown, but after all. When you go to Vegas, you don't really expect anything to be super cheap. If you crave authentic, I wouldn't get my hopes up for this place. All in all, the food was fine. We were tired and had just come from the air port, ready for our first meal off the plane. We weren't expecting anything extravagant, but it filled us up and we were satisfied.If you're looking for an amazing food experience, this isn't the place to go. But if you want to just grab a friend, eat somewhere with really pretty interior design, and relax in a sea of red lanterns then I'd say go for it.
4	This place is hidden in the corner of the casino , and a bit hard to find. We were seated at a good table on Saturday night without a reservation. Service was prompt and attentive. The steamed pot stickers were good, the sauce that came with it was a bit too vinegary for my taste. The pepper crusted beef tenderloin was perhaps the best beef I have had in Vegas. It was melt in your mouth tender, with the right amount of seasoning, and there wasn't an ounce of fat in any bite! I would return just for the beef alone. The prices are a bit high, but normal with the rest of Vegas.
1	Very overpriced for very poor food. Do yourself a favor and walk over to Noodles Asia at the Venetian. The food is much much better there.I ate here twice during Super Bowl weekend. We had dim sum for lunch the first time and it was okay, nothing too amazing. Some of the dishes looked like they were pre-cooked and just thrown into a microwave and then served to us. The next night we went back for dinner. What a huge mistake! We ordered a special Chinese New Year's Chicken Dish which was dryer than the desert. Again, it seemed like this dish was pre-cooked and then microwaved. Disgusting for $38! Then we ordered a basic beef with veggies dish. This is as standard a Chinese dish as you can get and somehow they messed this one up too. And finally we ordered ma-po tofu which was not up to standards either. With taxes and tips, my bill was $140. What a ripoff. One of the worse meals that I have ever had in Vegas! I know prices are inflated in Vegas but $140 for three of the most basic Chinese dishes is crazy! Again, do yourself a favor and walk over to the Venetian to eat Chinese food at Noodles Asia. These same three dishes would probably cost about $45 and will taste a hell of a lot better. Never again for Zine!
3	Nice place, loved the interior. DECENT, i repeat, decent food. Not great but not terrible.
3	Had a hangover, and came here to eat their OVERPRICED pho. But it was yummy, and I can see why it is expensive, as it is very good in quality. Other than that, okay Chinese food that I can easily get in San Francisco... and half the price. This place can be easily missed, but just walk by the walls of the casino  in the Palazzo and you should be able to spot it.
4	Why is it that every time I'm hung over I want some sort of noodle soup?  It must be the FOB in me.  Zine delivers with a good variety of options- wonton noodle soup, beef noodle soup, or pho.  They also have a good variety of dim sum items to choose from.  Sure, it's not the most authentic I've ever had and yes, it's quite overpriced.  But for a hung over girl just wanting a few familiar comfort foods, it definitely satisfies.
4	People are too hard on Zine.First, Palazzo often times gives you a good amount off your meal if you're staying there.  Secondly, it's Vegas -- NOTHING IS AUTHENTIC. A little on the expensive side but the atmosphere is fantastic  and the service is pretty good. Just drink a little before dinner and enjoy yourself.The food is all pretty good. I've only had a handful of items on the menu (roughly 5-10) but honestly was never disappointed. Of course it wasn't the best food in the world, but honestly it still is pretty damn good. The star is taken off for the prices. Yes, I know I mentioned you can get a good amount off but there is no reason to charge me almost 20 bucks for a bowl of pho. Seriously, no reason at all. That being said, I will go back and get the pho next time I'm there. Damn.But seriously, you are eating a restaurant in a 5-star resort -- things are going to be overpriced. There is a Panda Express somewhere on the strip, if you don't want to pay for the experience.
2	What the pho?!?  $18 for a bowl of the Vietnamese soup?  I don't think so.  I'd rather drop it in the Wheel Of Fortune slot machine, thank you very much.After a night of partying up Vegas-style...... ok fine, I meant hanging out with the 2-year old at the mermaid aquarium in the Silverton hotel..... we were looking for something to eat before heading back up to the room.  Palazzo doesn't have many no-frills restaurants in their lobby like the Venetian does, so we decided to have some quick Chinese food at Zine.  I knew it wasn't going to be cheap, but that's ok.  The service was friendly upon entering.  After we were seated, that's when I saw the price for pho.  I was thinking maybe it was served with a side of porterhouse or something.  But, no.  Guess I'll skip that.  We ended up ordering some of the Chinese noodle soups which were a little cheaper.  It was a big bowl and had a lot of noodles, meat, and veggies, but it was pretty bland.  We also ordered some dim sum which was a little bit better.As for service, it was pretty non-existent after we ordered.   Normally, I would let it slide if they were busy, but they weren't.  I had to go to the front to ask someone to get the bill.  Even after that, it took about 5 minutes to actually get it.Even though I am giving a 2-star rating, I would probably still come back.  Like I said, Palazzo doesn't have many no-frill restaurants and that trek to Venetian might be a little too far when I'm drunk (Jamie translation: lazy).
3	The food was decent, the portions are miniature. The only reason we ate here was because when we just checked in at the Palazzo, the restaurant was right there. Don't waste a meal here if you're visiting but if you are starved like I was, the Shanghai Rice Cakes are good.
3	After a few days in Vegas, comfort food is necessary. My comfort food is swedish meatballs or pho. Random, I know. On Saturday night my friend & I needed some pho. I'm sure there are legit vietnamese restaurants in the city but since we were feeling lazy and didn't want to walk very far, we came to Zine. And my ex-bf recommended it. I had the chicken dumpling soup & my friend had the seafood bowl, a special. Both were very good & obviously made fresh with quality ingredients, my only complaint is that the soup is a little bland but there's vinegar, soy sauce and red pepper flakes on the table so I made a concoction to spice it up. Service was good. We had the cutest older Chinese man as our waiter. He made me smile. Minus a couple of stars for the price.
2	My buddy and I decided on an early lunch here due to convenience (it's one of the first restaurants you see in the Palazzo as you're walking out of the elevators) and the fact that we had a 10% coupon for hotel guests.Upon entering our conversation was something along these lines: "Have we been here before?? Looks familiar.. no.. i dont' think so.. wait yes.. wasn't this some crappy place we ended up hella years ago?? Remeber, half of our group got sick later... it was called jade, phoenix , or some other generic sounding name though...".Despite our concerns once we realized this was the exact spot a number of years ago where we had a horrible meal we were already pot committed.  Prices are still extremely high but that's to be expected given location.  As far as I can remember , the menu didn't change, just the name of the restaurant.   I actually thought the dim sum and appetizers were decent, however the congee was absolutely bland and stingy with the protein.  I'm fine with paying high prices but you'd think with their margins so high they could at least fake giving you you your money's worth.
3	I gotta admit, this place is pricey for what you get. The food isn't even the greatest I've had but I've definitely had worse. The atmosphere is really nice though and the decor is gorgeous. Next time we go, I would give it another chance.
2	Not the best Chinese style food.  Service good....but food not great.  Atmosphere very trendy and nice....but it's all about the food.  If you want good Asian food....there are other places that are better.  Maybe because of decor it's okay place to grab an appetizer and drinks only with friends.
3	this place is okay.  I kinda thought our waiter was kinda weird, but needless to say he was very helpful in finding veggie food for us.  we ordered a few items, all of which were "okay".  The best thing we ordered is the ma po tofu dish.  it was so amazing, it prompted us to find a recipe online and make it ourselves.  we only came here because we stayed at the hotel and they gave us a $20 off of $50 coupon.  honestly, if we didn't have this...we probably wouldn't have eaten here.  we probably won't come here again.....
3	When I went to Vegas for my birthday with my family, I wanted to do a nice dinner. After checking into the Palazzo, my brother received a promo for Zine, so we decided to plan to have dinner there.It's located right where the hotel meets the casino, so it's easily accessible. It's really nice inside too. Looks very clean. The food was actually really good, but I remember the portions being slightly small for what we were paying. I think my favorite was the Honey Walnut Prawns (Yummmm!). They did give me a birthday dessert with a candle :)  I enjoyed my time at Zine Noodles Dim Sum, but I don't really see myself coming here again unless someone has a promo or something. It's a good place, but I'm sure there's even better places not too far.
3	Only in Vegas could you mark up a simple Pho to some outrageous price because it is claimed to be "exotic". If you live in LA you can go down the street for a 1/3 of the price and it is much more authentic.On to the positive...The room is beautiful with its modern Asian feel. The dish you MUST get is the Pork Belly. After being repeatedly warned that the pork has fat on it, meaning usually you stupid white people send this shit back, our dish arrived. It was crispy and yes fatty in a great way. The sauce on the side which is some sort of Hoisin sauce was a perfect complement. The soups are also good but you could get the same thing at other places at half the price. You could even walk down the way to Noodle Asia to get one that is much more authentic.I'll be back for the pork and next time I will say I had it before. Hopefully that will save a five minute discussion about fat with the waiter.
2	Overpriced Asian entrees, ($18+ for a bowl of pho?!) average service, and plain tasting food.  I did like their spicy wonton appetizer, and the Singapore style noodles were decent... but I don't think I would come back here again.  We only came here because my friends were staying at the Palazzo and had a coupon.  There's nothing special about this place.
3	We dined here because we were staying at the Palazzo.  It was a-ok, pretty pricey for a bowl of pho, but I could imagine myself eating there after a night of clubbing.  They close really late, which is good. Since the dishes are around $20 ea (yup, a bowl of pho is $20 here), I got something cheaper -- Wonton soup @ $12 a bowl.  I thought it was edible and I could not complain.  The iced coffee tasted like water -- they dared call it vietnamese iced coffee -- and the water tasted like chlorine.Terrible service.  The waiter looked annoyed at us the entire time.  Sir, if you'd like the restaurant to remain in an empty state, just tell us and we'll use our $20 on alcohol instead.
2	Terrible service and way over-priced for so-so food. Better off with Noodle Asia at the Venetian.
5	I can't complain with their food or service.  Comped meals are always worth it.  Thanks Club Grazie for making me and my wife feel VIP.  Would definitely eat here again.
5	The best hot & sour soup!
4	I've fallen behind on my reviews, hence I'll keep it short and easy:Dinner for two; place was nice and quiet, lighting was dim. It was romantic until a large group of Asian players bombarded the place...Anyway, three dishes: peppered beef(the bf loved it he couldn't stop raving about it), panfried noodles with shrimp(eh, pretty standard, sure not worth the $ we spent on it), grilled sea bass(I died and went to fish heaven? It was divine). I think the most expensive item was the fish; overall cost was almost 80 bucks but luckily they gave us a 25% discount with a local id. And service was excellent as well.
5	5 stars just for the Crispy Fried Tofu. 8 pieces for $8.00. Only fried tofu that's lightly battered (similar to a tempura batter but lighter) and melts in your mouth. I don't care for the normal rubber dried out fried tofu everyone serves. But...this is the only place I've found that makes fried tofu like this. I eat here at least twice while in Vegas just for the crispy tofu. Other notable mentions are the shrimp fried rice and dim sum.
4	This place has excellent food.  You have to ignore the prices - remember you're in the Palazzo in Vegas right? Not off the strip at some corner chinese take-out joint.  The scallion pancakes are fantastic - almost as good as the street carts in Taipei! Delicious and crispy.  The beef noodle soup has the perfect tasting broth.  Even the americanized dishes were excellent - the walnut shrimp - divine.  And yes - that is mayonnaise.  The only thing I would def stay away from is the xiao long bao - the steamed soup dumplings.  They didn't taste quite right, and the broth had leaked out of all the dumpling by the time they arrived.  But everything else I've tried there is excellent.  I've dined here at least 10 times on different trips over the years.
4	I was in Vegas for a conference, and partying like a rock star every free moment. Later in the week, I was desiring comfort food. I found Tine Noodles Dim Sum, and was very happy. As some reviewers have said, it costs more than your Chinese food back home, but come on everyone look at the location.I ate chicken fried rice, added my own soy sauce, and drank a few beers. I finished with the mango pudding. It was delicious!!  With tax and tip, it was $45. Not bad for being in one of the swankiest casinos on the Strip---The Palazzo. I give it 4 stars at least. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll try it again and eat something different. I'll update my review after that. Oh yeah, inside looks very nice, so good for a hot date!!! And, it's cheaper than other restaurants in that town.
4	I love this place but wish it had a bigger menu.  The noodle soups are outstanding.  The service is outstanding here.  The best dishes are not the dim sum although they are very good.  This is a great place for a more intimate meal.
3	Somehow we always find ourselves ending our Vegas trip with a bowl of noodle soup.  We usually go to Noodle Asia at the Venetian but when we got there, we discovered that Noodle Asia became Emeril Lagasse's Stadium!  Eek!  We were told that the nearest noodle place was at the Palazzo, so we hopped on over.  All of the yelp reviews of this place are true - A bowl of pho IS $18.  Only a Vegas restaurant can get away with that.  So of course we didn't order that.  We got the next best thing - shrimp and pork dumplings noodle soup for $13.   Much more reasonable than the pho.We both ordered the shrimp and pork dumplings noodle soup.  The broth tasted like canned chicken broth, but the dumplings made up for it.  The dumplings tasted like shu mai dim sum you would find in downtown chinatown.  It was actually really good.  They're also really generous with the quantity.  3 stars for decent tasting noodle soup!
3	We were skeptical about this place when we walked in. We had to walk out and walk back in just to make sure it was a place we wanted to eat. The restaurant was a upscale high end chinese place. We order some dim sum items, roasted duck, and noodles. It was way over price but it's vegas for you.
4	I would have given Zine 5 stars, but their outrageously high prices for the congee and pho knocked them down 1 star.However, we have always enjoyed their food and attentive and courteous service.  And, based on our experience, all of the servers speak English fairly well (despite what some other Yelpers wrote).I especially liked their Braised Pork Belly.  The crispy skin is addictive and there is really not that much fat.Their Soy Sauce Chicken is also delicious!  The meat is tender and flavorful.I also enjoyed their Pig Knuckle Noodle Soup.  The knuckle was tender and paired well with the flavorful broth and noodles.Zine is a great place to enjoy a quiet dinner, but make sure you bring a credit card with a high limit!
3	Definitely not serving the hotel quality standard foods but located in the palazzo hotel. We stayed at Venetian, and got the coupon from the hotel, so we decided to try as we don't want to go too far with carrying my 18 months old's son. I would say the dim sum from Chinatown has better quality.
2	There's something about Vegas that makes me crave dumplings. Possibly, its the partying...the alcohol that makes me crave yummy, warm comfort food. I was excited to check this place out on my last visit but that's about as far as it goes. My friends and I ordered the Pho, Braised Pork Belly,  BBQ Pork, pork dumplings and other dim sum items. I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have dim sum carts floating about but the food was fairly tasty. I expected so much more from Zine and wish that it knocked my socks off. I would've loved for this to be my go-to spot for dim sum in Vegas but alas my hunt still continues....It was fairly affordable and the service was so-so. Not the worst choice if you are in the Palazzo but there are definitely better spots on the strip.
2	Something about high end Dim Sum bothers me... I mean... There was nothing wrong with the food, but... I just can't appreciate white-gloved service when I'm eating Dim Sum... That shit should be loud, obnoxious, and the service should be rude...The food was fine, and the service was terrific... It's just not what I'm used to, so I feel like I was robbed of the Dim Sum experience.
3	Ugh.The only reason why I went is because co-workers wanted to go.  While I understand the concept of fine dining high-end Asian food, ...wait, no.  I don't understand it at all.  Other than trying to make money off non-Asian people who like kung pao chicken and have enough to pay $20 for a $5 bowl of pho, I can't see why anyone would go back.Needless to say, the ambiance was okay.  The menu had WAY too many items, making you question-- what is it that they specialize in?  Well, not the wonton soup.  It was quite bland.  I got the spicy filet mignon noodle soup.  While it was good and the beef was tender, it's nothing I would come back for.
4	Date/Time:  Saturday - 1:30pmOccasion:   LunchParty of:  TwoOrdered:  American ginseng with chicken soup, minced beef over rice + egg, satay oxtail and tendon noodle soup, lychee iced drinkTotal incl gratuity: $120Yes, you read right. $120 for two people for Chinese food.  Is it over-priced. Extraordinarily!  Is it worth it?  Absolutely.  After a long night of party hopping from LAVO, to Marquee, to Tao, being seated in a quiet booth in the corner and lunching on Chinese is the way to go.The American ginseng is amazing.  There is a word in Chinese that describes the effect this soup has and I'm not sure if I'm translating it properly, however, drinking this soup really provides a "healing" effect especially after what we put our bodies through in Vegas (8+ hours of 5 inch heels, taking in second-hand smoke...you get the idea).  The bowl is small and runs you $20 for one, although it is SO good.  I was skeptical of the minced beef initially.  It is a dish normally not ordered by the typical Asian person.  It turned out to be generous in portion and very tasty.  The raw egg is stirred into the saucy beef mixture and tossed with the rice.  It is served piping hot in order to cook the egg.  I don't think this dish is on the menu so it must be special ordered.  Finally, the oxtail and tendon soup is good in small doses but a little overwhelming when you're eating a large bowl of it.  This is dish you'll want to share amongst two to three people.  Oxtail is meaty and the satay flavor is strong.We enjoyed ourselves so much at Zine, we came here both days for lunch! Although steep in price, I think Zine makes for an excellent choice for good Chinese food inside a hotel.
4	Met some friends for lunch here today.  Never been.  The restaurant was very nice, and excellent service.  I had to try the pho.  Can't say it was the best pho I've ever had...or even in the top 3, but it was still very good.  They get the 4th star for making sure the tendon was very tender.  I usually rate any pho place by that standard.  My lunchmates had some really delicious looking dishes and were pretty happy.If at Palazzo, I'd definitely revisit this one.
4	Ugh, I was so annoyed of eating all Chinese food when I came to Vegas with my mom and her friends.  I was not too happy about eating dim sum at the Palazzo (where we stayed) since I wanted to try out the new Wicked Spoon buffet.  Surprisingly, their food is not too bad and I was glad I got to try it.  I think I have to give Vegas's Asian food the benefit of the doubt.  I always have doubts that they won't taste as good as what I'm expecting.  We ordered a lot of food, with pot stickers to start it off! They were reallllly good, which was served with a really special sauce on the side.   Ordered noodles and other soups and they were all really good.  Highly recommend coming here if you don't want to go out for dim sum.
4	It's very rare that you find good, authentic Chinese food anywhere but Chinatown or in your own home (if you have asian parents!). But, Zine really has the taste of authenticity, an amazing atmosphere, and lots of choices for food. I am obsessed with their spring rolls and their braised tofu.Go!
1	Called to make a reservation for 5pm, i was told not possible but 5:30 would be ok. When we arrived there were only 3 tables seated so why act like your booked up. we order food from the non-legibly speaking female waitress that had no recommendations on food nor opinions. we ordered edema-me for a quick starter, they came totally wilted and soggy, I then ordered the BBQ ribs with the sauce on the side. Ribs came colder than luke warm and had the sauce on it not on the side as requested (sent that and the edema-me back). My girlfriend ordered her favorite fish (Sea Bass) that came out looking like the picture but to fish lovers like us this fish had a texture you would find in imitation crab meat. We did not finish one entire bite.they asked if we wanted anything else of coarse but to be told that this restaurant is top 10 in the country????, i dont think so. the Ice tea however was deliscious!!
1	If it's possible to give a negetive rating, I will give to ZINE!Very slow and bad service, and even not much people there to eat, they can't handle their work as well! Can you image in the place like this they still charge you 18%service fee and 10$extra for the gratuity! And Tax. That means even you get 20$off from 50, they will still charge you 50. Forget about the price, let's talk about the food. I ordered the bao zi, but it's all not fresh. The three cup sauce chicken is the most expensive one, but it's fried! But doesn't say it on the menu! The dessert is the worst part, can't image how they made but it's not right. Not rich enough. Just like water.My suggest is never go there any more.
3	Mixed feelings about this place...everything was good, but not spectacular. Maybe I'm spoiled by all the fabulous cheap dim sum in San Francisco. Seafood and garlic fried rice was delicious, but I fundamentally have an issue with paying $17+ for fried rice.Shanghai dumplings were good, har gow was good, BBQ pork buns were tasty. Onion pancake was underwhelming, wouldn't order that again.Had the mochi for dessert - chocolate, mango, and strawberry. Yum yum!The service was excellent. Wait staff was very attentive and everyone was helpful and very thoughtful. Decor was nice and we had a pleasant meal.
3	They know, they know, they knowThey know, they know, they knowThey know, they know, they knowYeah, they know, yeah...at ZINE NOODLES! - Drake (headlines)I understand that you are overpaying for chinese food. I want to point out that if you want authentic chinese food that will make you feel comfortable when you are in vegas, its worth it. The restaurant itself has a nice decor, the people working there have an asian accent, (which is a good thing cuz it means they are legit) and its pretty quiet as well. I ordered the beef chow fun which is a safe and easy choice and it tasted good. It's a fine meal in vegas, easy in and easy out, no problems.Food: 3.5 stars --- Service: 3.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 3 stars
4	What's up with people giving this place and Red 8 three stars?  I'm giving this four stars because the chef makes good fried rice and noodles.  Yes like Red 8 it is pricey but the food is better than restaurants in the Bay Area.  The yang zhou fried rice is authentic, no carrots or green peas in there.  The waiter said the chef is from Hong Kong which gives them some credibility.  In addition, if you stay at the Palazzo, you get discounts for eating here.  I'm not saying this is great, great food but it's on the strip in a hotel and the food is better than most restaurants and that is why it gets four stars.
5	The BF and I wanted some delicious Chinese style seafood and Zine delivered far better than the rest. A odd choice for a Valentines for most, but makes perfect sense to us. Yes, yes, it is pricey for Chinese food, a cuisine people are used to getting at dirt cheap prices. This isn't your neighborhood takeout, it is a very nice ambiance on a four diamond property. If you want to be a lazy tourist and you only like the white boy special (aka fried rice) and paid $15 then that's on you. However, on some of the authentic dishes this place shines and is worth getting.We got: Pan Seared Scallop in Szechuan Pepper Sauce - this was decent and plentiful. The sauce was sweet, spicy and pungent and I liked the fried basil leaves on the side to accompany it. I will say it was slightly overcooked for me though. They slice it in half and that makes for easier sharing, but could have been the problem. Curry Dungeness Crab - these are market price which was $68 at the time we went. I felt a bit odd and ghetto picking up saucy legs and cracking, sucking and biting on them, but once I past my OCD line it was really good and kinda fun. The crab is one of the sweetest and freshest I've had in a long while. The curry sauce was very flavorful and not like a curry I've had before really. Kinda like a cross between sweet Japanese curry and a yellow Indonesian curry. Baked Sea Bass- if you go here, this is what to order.  It is baked with a miso teriyaki glaze and had a great caramelized char outside and inside was flaky, juicy and perfectly cooked. It came on a bed of tofu, beech mushrooms, zucchini and whole soft garlic in a tangy soy sauce. You had me at whole garlic cloves, but all the accompaniments were great with the fish. This is true seafood comfort food. I've thought about this dish after so it is worth $32. Roy's restaurant comes to mind for me and the type of food served there...this is on that vein, but would rather come for this dish here than one similar there. Also, you get more fish here. Chilean sea bass ain't cheap even from the store and there was 3 little fillets in our serving. Service here is very attentive. Someone kept coming to fill drinks and we never went empty.  He came to take away plates of crab shells and even replaced our plates in between courses and if it just gets dirty or messy. It reminds me of the service you get in Hong Kong, everyone speaks various Chinese dialects so I see why a lot of Chinese guests come here. Coming back to the sea bass. I have eyes for nothing else here.
4	Me and four of my friends went here last Saturday night. The service was awesome and the food was very memorable in a great way. The place is pricey but not too bad for a great Vegas meal. The only thing that really really bugs me about the place is there is NO bathroom! You have to walk out into The Palazzo casino floor and then another 100 yards or so. Unacceptable. Plus on the receipt it reads "18% gratuity for 6 people or more parties" which I'm fine with. But they charged us that for 5 people. That bugged me. But that bathroom situation is way more critical and needs to be changed asap. After all this will I go back? YES! The food and service is spectacular but Zine will not get five stars out of me until they get a bathroom.
4	Vegas Hotel prices but really well-prepared and interesting dishes with attentive service.  Waitstaff willing to spend time with you and help you pick a few items. The chili steamed chicken wontons were excellent as was the chicken chow fun and the chili pan fried scallops.
2	My friend and I came here for lunch, ordered a Xiao Long Bao and Beef Chow Fun (the dry style). The beef chow fun was okay. The Xiao Long Bao wasn't good. Its skin was too thick that I couldn't pass it to be Xiao Long Bao, it's just a regular dumpling with thick skin. So that was disappointing. The taste was okay, not considered bad, just the skin was too thick that it shouldn't be called Xiao Long Bao. At the end, the server also messed up our check. He gave us a check that is not ours. If we were dumb enough not to look before paying, we would have paid more than what we had actually eaten. The server made a mistake and gave us a check of another table, and the wrong check contained more expensive items than what we ordered. I might go back to give them another chance and try some other menu items, since the beef chow fun was okay (at least better than Chinatown), but Zine won't be at the top of my list. And I won't order the Xiao Long Bao again, I already found that I can get better Xiao Long Bao in another hotel on the strip. Just be very careful before paying your check, to make sure they bring you the right one.
3	Decent Xiao Long Bao and Hakow!!! A little too expensive for what it is, but it is convenient to get food here eater than eating Chinese food in China Town
4	It's hard to find vegetarian options in Las Vegas, especially in this part of the strip!  While almost every restaurant in the area will come up in a "vegetarian" search, few have actually thought out a vegetarian menu.  Zine actually has vegetarian options listed right on the menu.Service was excellent, and the food was amazing!  I had the pan fried noodles with vegetables and it was so good I almost ordered another.  I will certainly come here again if I'm ever forced to go to Vegas again.
2	The wait staff seemed stuffy! The waiter could not even crack a smile! Customer service was almost non existent only having 2 parties (including us!) They didn't have fresh spring rolls...a real negative in my eyes! My party and I were really looking fwd to them! They charged me $8.00 for 3 glasses of water! I Yelped another spot for Pho....and left!  We were so happy that we didn't eat here!
3	I generally love this place, but our last visit was lackluster.  My favorite dish is the spicy oxtail noodle soup.  Satay flavored soup, ox tail chunks, and even beef tendon.  Thick, spicy and unique.  The rest of the dishes were just meh. We ordered a crab dish (yes, expensive) and it tasted like it was cooked in ketchup.  So, lots of misses our last visit.  Will have to give it another try and make a final decision whether its worth it to use up stomach space during Vegas food run.
4	Pan Fried Noodles ~ nom nom nomCame here for lunch with girlfriends and very good!Can't wait to go again :)
4	Hubby and I went to Vegas over the weekend and I wanted him to try this place.  Met with friends for lunch.  Our table ordered:  Appetizer Sampler, Seafood Pan Fried Noodles, Combination Fried Rice, Steak in pepper sauce, and Lemon Chicken and EVERYTHING was deelish!!!We got a bottle of the flavored sake the white peach and SO GOOD!
4	Came here with a large group of coworkers andbusiness contacts. Company was footing the billso no complaints about prices as I wasn't worryingabout that. LOL. Nice looking restaurant on thefirst floor of the Palazzo right as you enter fromthe walkway connecting to the Venetian.   We started off with a number of appetizers whichwere all pretty standard I must say. The Tsingtaowas flowing so I wasn't too caught up in the qualityof the appetizers. I was with a pretty much whitebread crowd so we didn't order anything weird like the Jellyfish or Chicken feet but stuck to safe items like spring rolls, pot stickers, pork dumplings.  For the main course, I ordered the Singapore stylecurry rice vermicelli. This was actually pretty good -definitely spicy to my liking and not watered downspicy (safe for the Gwai Lo type) Chinese food. Iwould come back here. Or rather, if there's anothercompany function like this at Vegas, I would recommendthis place. :) A number of my dinner companions orderedclay pot items but none of them came in actual clay potsbut instead in some metal containers. Oh well... Forget it, Jake. It's Vegas not Chinatown!
4	Me and two friends in town visiting looking for place too eat after watching the basketball game. Thank U Yelp!. Better way too learn about the restaurants in the Palazzo. We ended up going with some Pho at Zin Noodles.It was first time at Zin Noodles. Course I was going too have heart attack thinking going too pay $18-20 bowl of Pho. It the strip so expect too pay those kinds of prices. The pho had was spicy thai (so sorry not sure exact name but it thai spicy one/ Lol!). I really enjoyed! The broth was for me always the measurement of any Pho. I was tasty with body for flavor and could taste that thai or spicy kick too the broth. I normally put shiraca in my broth but with this one no need. I did put bean sprouts and thai basil tradition. Pho prefect dish after drinking helps settle the stomach.We order couple appetizers pot stickers, pork su mai, and steam bun with pork. I loved all the appetizers! The pork su mai especially stood out for me. The filling was awesome. It had lot of depth of flavor besides the ground pork. It nice moist on the inside and steamed perfect on outside. I loved the steam containers dim sum style they served both the pork and steamed bun in! Overall kind of shocked it had three star rating feel like it deserves four star. It nothing that blow your mind food wise. Everything we had was good, had lot of flavors, and enjoyed every bit. If you have urge for Pho once the strip one place would recommend.
2	The food is good, but the portions are extremely small, especially for the price. The same food could be found a couple blocks away in Chinatown for a third of the price and twice the portion size.  We ordered soup for $10, thinking that it came in a large bowl typical of Chinese restaurants, but it turned out to be only a cup.  We also ordered duck for $16 thinking that it would be a dish enough for one person, but it turned out to be only a small plate the size of an appetizer with a few pieces of duck.  The only reason why this restaurant exists is because it is a novelty in the area.  In other words the food is decent, but the value is terrible.  Also, the service was mediocre.
2	Just a so-so dim sum eatery.  Small selections of what is actually dim sum  and even at happy hour prices not priced well at all.  Lots of other choices on the menu, but if you are going to call yourself a dim sum place have dim sun.  The Bao buns were miniature, shumai (?spelling) was on the cool side and a bit dry.  They didn't mess up the shrimp.  Clean and fairly efficient wait staff; only one spoke broken English making them seem standoffish.  Won't go back.
4	This is authentic Cantonese style dim sum!  Yes, there are only a few dim sum items (hence 4 instead of 5 stars), it's pricey, but it's on the strip and the food is that good.  We had the appetizer sampler, added haka (spelled wrong I know), the seafood chow mein and the prawns with honey glazed walnuts, for dessert we shared the mango pudding.  These were all dishes I'm very familiar with, having worked in the San Gabriel Valley forever my Chinese clients introduced me to these dishes many years ago, have had these dishes in too many restaurants to count LOL!  The chef knows what he's doing!  I'd like to return to try the other dishes I'm not as familiar with.
3	The usual Chinese in a casino. Overpriced, okay food.  The service is definitely better than most.  I will return, though, for the spicy vietnamese noodle soups. The broth was delicious.  Two choices, either oxtail and tendon (more fatty and gelatinous) or beef (they say filet on menu, but it is standard pho beef).  Appetizer sampler is a total ripoff.  I could buy the same from the local asian market and heat up in a microwave for the same results.
3	We ate there with a group of 4 and after reading some reviews on Yelp i tried the Baked Chilean Sea Bass which was really tender and lovely although a bit pricey at $30+ for chinese.  Probably the best thing of all our choices. We also had the beef chow fun  $16 which was good if you like lots of beanshoots (I do). Sweet and Sour pork, seafood fried rice and mongolian beef were good too. Prawn dumplings for entree was average. Service was efficient for an asian restaurant. Is it good for the price? I'm unsure.. But it was at the Venetian so just expect things to be above average in price
3	Was looking up a place inside the Venetian or Palazzo to grab dinner with people. We ended up at Zine, where the food is decent and the price is affordable.I ordered the Shrimp and Pork Dumpling Noodle Soup. Overall, it wasn't a bad dish. The noodles, shrimp, and pork dumplings were all cooked well. I though the soup lacked in flavor though. If you prefer a simple, light dish, then this noodle soup is a good choice. The dish was around $15, which is a bit steep, but the portion size was pretty big.Service wasn't bad. The entire staff was friendly, but I'm not sure if they were just being attentive since we were pretty much the only ones there.I liked the decor of this place. It looks fancy but doesn't cost too much to eat here (considering it's Vegas).
4	Lovely place, great service an delicious food.
1	Pork dumplings were not very fresh or good. Spring rolls were mushy and not good either.  Shrimp tempura were undercooked as the batter was still raw inside. I just realized that it all tastes like crap off a cheap(bad) Chinese buffet. ( there are a few decent cheaper ones) Actually, I can point you to several buffets in Memphis TN that that have better food. "The food was one star but the atmosphere and service were good so I gave two stars". I wrote that at the restaurant but now that I think about it you really can't have good service if they are putting out food this bad.  I don't understand putting all the money in a nice space and then having way sub par food. Overpriced even at happy hour two for one.  Skip this place.
4	Beef chow fun was super delish! Was it worth the 16 bucks? Probably not, but it's Vegas!We were there for a late lunch, so it was pretty quiet. The staff was attentive and very friendly. Nice little spot
1	Terrible service. Forgot orders, food was definitely not worth the price ( although it was in the casino ). Good thing work paid for this because I would've left a negative tip.
2	low quality and pretty expensive, dont go.
2	There are many places to get ripped off at in Vegas, but this one rips you off AND leaves you hungry and dissatisfied.  Their "clay pot" braised chicken in wine sauce sounded great, but it came out in a metal bowl and tasted exactly like Panda Express orange chicken. The bok choy in fish stock wasn't too bad, but the fish balls that came with it were gross. Go to Noodles in Bellagio instead...please.Shame on you, Simon To.
1	This restaurant has to be one of the worst Asian restaurants anywhere. The food has no flavor and the restaurant has no ambience at all. I expect to spend more in Vegas but $25 for Kung Pao Chicken that with no taste at all is ridiculous. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Stay Away!
1	Pathetic, especially when the concierge says its "one of the top 10 Chinese restaurants in the nation".  The food, even if at half the price, would be considered uninspiring.  The service was just as bad .. but at least it was expensive.  $100 for three bad meals.Do not eat here, it's worse than bad, it's boring and expensive.  You can pay the same amount and eat at Nobu and have a much better experience.
2	Overly priced Chinese food. Service was high end which was way better than your typical hole in a wall Chinese restaurant. It's just the food was so mediocre even the hole in a wall places are much better. I mean really $17 for a bowl of pho? I don't think so. I will not come back for sure.
3	Spicy pho with ox tail and tendon. The broth is gorgeous. The oxtail/tendon spot onNoodles over done :(Being picky? For a $20 bowl of pho, absolutely.
3	Ya, just ok.  I expected better.  food was limited in choices, but tasted good.  Wouldn't recommend it if you want a "Vegas" experience, pretty bland.
1	Horrible!!! Worst dim sum and noodles ever!!! The chef has no passion. This place needs to be on restaurant impossible
3	Braised Eggplant with Roasted Duck & Mongolian Beef were both superb dinner entrees. I give it 3 stars for pricing. You can receive similar quality food down the street in Chinatown or at PF Chang's for 1/2 the price. However, if you're staying at Palazzo - it's so convenient to just dine here and the service is very prompt and the environment is super clean and modern.
1	Worst restaurant I've been to in Vegas.  The service was horrible - waiter never bothered to check in on us until 90 minutes into the meal, when he asked if we wanted anything else.  At that point we reminded him that we never got a number of the dished we ordered (which we promptly cancelled).The food was sub par as well. I've had better dim sum from frozen Trader Joes than what they served here.And they stuck us with a mandatory tip for having a party of 5. Absolutely  nothing positive about the experience.
1	I've been to this restaurant about three times. I enjoy eclectic food, but the food here is just plain weird. Las Vegas has so many incredible restaurants that I wonder how this one stays in business. Oh, and it wasn't busy when we went there rather than waiting in an impossibly long line at another restaurant on the same property.
4	Came here for dim sum. It was really good! Pricier than usual, but hello, it's Vegas ;-) I would definitely return.
3	Service was excellent. I only got the walnut shrimp and brown rice and started with the hot and sour soup. Very tasty. Green tea was so soothing. Would go again.
5	Since I come here fairly often, I figured a running list of dishes would be the most help I can give. This place is consistent with food, but I understand the price has really scared off people. That's the thing with Chinese food is that often times even if it's cooked well done, we have a mentality it is "cheap food" and again, this is a expensive casino and is a nice dining place and it's not like their prices aren't posted on online menus. Some dishes are not worth getting at the price they need to charge to be inside a expensive casino property but some are fantastic. If the basics or Americanized favorites are what you want or you are rather frugal of a traveler then do yourself a favor and go up Spring Mtn for half the price. Otherwise, if you like a nice ambiance and nice quality over thrift then read on. I guess this review is gonna be the most useful for tourists than locals. Granted I get special hookups of sorts now which makes it more affordable for me but even so I would pay for my favorite sea bass fish dish at full price. One way to get savings is they actually have a Happy Hour! It's half off all the appetizers (you can see menu online)  and beers! It's 3pm-6pm Mon-Fri, and 10pm-1am Sun- Thurs. They also do lunch specials Mon-Fri until 3pm for $15 which is a soup, entree, and mochi ice cream. Best dish - baked Chilean Sea Bass. It's a rather good portion for the $32 that is shareable, 2-3 filets of fish. It's baked in a sweetish glaze and on a bed of zucchini, tofu, whole roasted garlic, mushrooms in a light sweet and tangy sauce. Its one of my favorite fish dishes ever.Best surprise- the pho. It actually is some of the best pho I've had as the ingredients are top notch fresh but the broth balance is lovely. It is double the price, but if you're going to pick having pho here or at that place in TI and don't want to go up to Spring Mtn to get off strip prices, just come here instead as this one is rather good. Other stuff I've tried: Crispy pan fried noodles - Had it with various toppings but my favorite was the seafood one. Really good, fresh and plentiful with seafood. Other meats are good too, but it's standard. E-fu w/ crab - one of my favorites. E-fu is a soft braised noodle and is every bit my comfort food Chinese dish. I loved e-fu as a child and still do. The crab in this is fresh and the portion is hard to finish. I order this very often.Rice vermicelli noodle with shredded duck and pickled cabbage - I like this as well, better if you ask for some hot mustard to mix into as it adds the right amount of omph to it. It is a subtle dish and normally not a fan of vermicelli (except pho) but I love the sauce that is in this and the combo of pickled cabbage in it. This is also something we order a lot. Curry Crab- really messy, but a awesome tangy and fragrant curry. It probably takes away from the dish a bit to do the curry on the side, but seriously was hard to crack shells covered in sauce no matter how delicious it was. Seared Scallop with Schzuan Pepper Sauce- the sauce is good and they do give you plentiful big scallops but they were cut in half thinner and well cooked which I don't prefer so I haven't ordered again. I may ask whole piece and not well done. Shredded Pork and Thousand Year Congee- pretty good congee. I know thats a very plain and subtle thing, but a sign is it didn't really need soy in it. It was well seasoned on its own. Yang Chow Fried Rice - it's bb pork and shrimp fried rice. Pretty good and flavorful, no need for any seasoning, except I do love hot sauce on my rice. Cha Gio- they were decent viet style egg rolls, but not my favorite. Also I was missing the plentiful herbs, It just came with lettuce and nuoc nam. Macau style pork belly- the portion isn't very huge, but it's perfectly cooked. Crispy skin, melty fat and juicy meat. Spicy Chili Wonton - nice fresh made wontons in spicy oil and sauce. Pretty good as far as dim sum go. Spring Onion Pancake- theirs is good, crisp and comes piping hot fresh. Black bean sauce pork ribs - one of my favorite dimsum and theirs here is really tender. Shrimp har gao- good, but standard. Same goes for the Shumai. Red bean pastry with vanilla ice cream - it's basically like spring onion pancakes except with red bean instead. A pretty good dessert with a bit of vanilla and chocolate sauce. Service here has never been bad, it's always in a acceptable range of good to really good depending on who we get. There's a few people we prefer having, that has been here a while and are ninja intuitive with diners needs. I'll keep adding to this list as I dine here.
1	Very disappointing. I had the Singapore Style Chili Crab at market price of $68. It was not remotely like the Chili Crab that is common fare in Singapore. Actually it was an insult to call it Singapore style. First it was extremely sweet to cater to the uninitiated American palate. The crab was okay but the sauce was TERRIBLE. I pointed this out to the wait staff only to receive a disinterested shrug. Well you cannot win 'em all. The hot and sour soup was equally sub par. $115 later I was not only disappointed but pissed off. If you are looking for real Chinese fare, stay away.
2	Prices are ridiculous and the food is mediocre.Save your duckets ($$$$) for China Town where you can get 2-3 dishes for the price of one dish here and have the flavor smack you and your fellow diners.
2	Definitely would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The food is overly priced, food is not that good, and the service is slow at best. I do not know why anyone would want to come to this restaurant often or how they could afford it. It is not even really a Dim Sum restaurant, more of an eclectic group of Asian foods. The restaurant is located right next to the casino area in the Palazzo. The decor is nice, menu seems nice, but then that is about it. I would recommend anyone wanting Dim Sum to go else where.  There are a few great places located off strip if you are adventurous. Either way, don't go here.
1	very expensive mediocre chinese food. also...not sure where the dim sum fits in. was that even an option on the menu? please read all of the other 1-2 star reviews on here before throwing your money away at this place. you can get much better food + wait staff elsewhere.
4	I thought the menu was looking pricey but the girl out front gave me a $30 gift card off a $60 dinner. The hot and sour soup was just right. Chicken feet dim sum a win and the watermelon juice drink was pure watermelon! Refreshing! The bill totaled $120 and the girl gave me another coupon! $60 yummy and fed the family! I'm a fan!
2	Apparently I don't learn my own lesson and ordered the lychee drink again,  I'm just  a sucker for these drinks.Dish wise:Scallops + no textureBeef chow fun ++ of the dishes pretty goodKung pao chicken - aside from spice, not much tasteShrimp fried rice - plainBbq pork - dry
4	ok...we have family in town staying at the Palazzo so of course a meal at Zine was a gimme. though pricey...the food was delicious! started out with the wor wonton soup then came honey glazed walnut shrimp, pepper crusted beef tenderloin, fried rice w/shrimp & pork and sweet & sour pork...the portions were perfect...there was no take home tonight...it was all good. the place had a decent crowd for a saturday nite but we were a party of 5 without reservations and were seated within 5 minutes. highly recommend!
2	**Summary**       - Ambiance - This is a fancy Chinese restaurant. Plain and simple.       - Value - You're not really getting value from this place. All the dishes are about twice as expensive as your normal Chinese restaurant with only a little better quality. You're pretty much paying to eat at the Palazzo.**Ordered**       - $10.50 Chilled Jelly Fish - Your standard Jelly Fish appetizer. Portion and quality wise, it's standard (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=ag2_JZA1cw80fMH4y1jGSQ#ag2_JZA1cw80fMH4y1jGSQ).       - $19.80 Ma Po Tofu - A decent amount of Tofu with bits of ground meat to keep it filling. It goes great over rice.       - $32.00 BBQ Combo - You get 3 choices and we got the duck, pork, and cold chicken. Everything seemed a little higher quality than you'd get at a normal Chinese restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=6HIB5tmvQ-dpQfprj4v2Tg#6HIB5tmvQ-dpQfprj4v2Tg).       - $18.80 Fu Chow Fried Rice - If I ever come back, it's because of this dish. The concoction of seafood, creamy sauce, and egg over the fried rice is probably one of the best things I've ever tasted. This is a must try (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=IGBA0jtvRQh4RUAdy3nGKA#IGBA0jtvRQh4RUAdy3nGKA)       - $6.80 Mango Pudding - The dessert was sweet, but not too sweet. They pour this sweet milk over the pudding. It's a very lite and delicious dessert (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=48iUdH1NvIDOHxjYjFRgwg#48iUdH1NvIDOHxjYjFRgwg).**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't really recommend this place when I know you can get the same food for half the price.
2	Place is terrible
5	We had dinner there tonight. It is extremely quiet for a casino restaurant . The service was very great. I had the appetizer sampler plate and my husband, Mike had the stir fried with shrimp and crispy garlic. He had cold tea and I had hot tea. Clean environment. Fantastic, clean-tasting, crisp food, not oily and overly salty.Definitely recommend!
4	We were looking for a place that wouldn't gauge our pocket books. You pay for way more then you get in vegas. So we found zine, which was a little high priced, but we all got pho and it was really, really good. The servings were filling as well. Our water Phillip was really great and the ambiance was nice and relaxing
2	Not very pleased with our experience. Duck tasted good, but delivery was poor. We received the duck and 5 minutes later we received our rice. Would not recommend or come to this location again.
5	This is a fusion Asian restaurant!!!  They offer Vietnamese, Hong Kong, and Chinese food.  The price is higher than any normal Chinese restaurant but be smart and come during happy hours or use local discounts which is 25% off.  Also try to see if the casino offer discounts. I highly recommend their signature dish Sate Pho with Ox tail.  If you don't like Ox tail you can request filet mignon.  We are local so the price doesn't matter for us much. Beautiful Ambience and the noise level are comfortable.
4	Very upscale Asian fusion place.  Food is very tasty but the serving sizes are small for the price.  Customer Service was very good and prompt at lunch. We had the sea bass and lamb chops which were excellent! But like all the food in Vegas it's expensive.  We were talking to an older couple at the next table and they were telling us about the old days when the mob ran Vegas and you could get great meals at the Sands really cheap.  (The Sands hotel used to be where the Venetian and Palazzo stand today.) Now that the casinos don't subsidize the restaurants, food in Vegas is way over priced.Any way to complete this review, this is a 4 star place.  They lose a star on value.
2	I have been 75% around the world, the food here is nothing compare to real Chinese food. The only thing worth eating here is really the soupy items. Dim sum and all are a waste of time. Service is not great but when you have 2 tired kids this will suffice.
2	I hate using the 'Race' card. And most all my friends would know I hardly ever use it.. Close to never... However.....I'm going to use it here at this place tonight.  My money is as good as anyone's money.. I wanted to enjoy a dinner experience with my parents.. Just because we're Asian... At a 'Fancy' Asian restaurant, we were treated like 'Asians'.. Meaning 'No respect'.. When the food arrived, they handed my food 'Across' my mom's face to give to me...the whole time eating.. NOBODY came by to ask how we're doing..The table beside us, a 'White' family... When their food arrived, they were placed in front of each diner... Without reaching across another person's face...And had SEVERAL servers came by to ask 'How was your food, how are you doing, everything ok??'I had to flag down a waiter/waitress to refill my iced tea.. It's so sad these people are so ignorant to treat other Asians like this...And it's too bad they are like that, cause I actually enjoyed the food. It was a bit pricey, but the quality was there. I would recommend everyone to come here if I had a better 'Service' experience. So if you're white... You'll enjoy this place. If you're Asian... Don't expect service.
4	Love the beef chow fun and dim sum! but do not get the sampler!
2	This is a gluten free review...We ordered the shrimp fried rice and the chicken w vegetables. The rice really had nothing to it. The chicken dish was basically steamed and seasoned with salt. The problem...there's a gluten free menu, so you figure it would be good, not the case. NOTE: they brought over gluten free soy, but I don't believe it was. They wouldn't bring out the bottle, well because it doesn't exist. The gluten free soy is supposedly in a separate container, marked gluten free. $20 for fried rice is a bit priceyDrinks were good.
1	The shrimp and pork noodle soup didnt have much taste.  Had better chinese food in hawaii.  The pork shrimp dim sum was delicious
5	Great food and atmosphere. Will definitely recommend to all. Had pan fried lamb chops and pear sake. Thanks for a great experience.
3	Actual rating 3.5 stars.This was the second of three lunch dates that the No1DP and I had over the course of our last Vegas stay. Zine Noodles Dim Sum is located inside the Palazzo casino floor. This was rather convenient as we didn't have to get out of the Venetian/Palazzo hotel complex, but as with all Palazzo restaurants a bit of a walk to get to from Sands Expo, the site of many a convention. It also didn't help he only had a little more than an hour for lunch.Service was really slow that day, even if only half the restaurant was full. It took 30 minutes from when the orders were placed to the appetizer being served. No1DP was a little late to his next class because of this.Appetizer: Steamed Shrimp Har Gow. $6.95 gets you 4 pieces. The har gow was relatively big compared to other dim sum places and the wrapping was not too thick. The har gow was even better when I dipped it in the chili sauce.Mains - When the main dishes came we were rather surprised how big our dishes were. Each dish could feed at least 2 people. This was my first meal of the day (dunno how much No1DP ate beforehand) but the No1DP and I were only able to finish half our dishes. Note to self: next time get extra plates for sharing because it seems like these dishes were made to be served a la carte and not in individual portions. No1DP had the braised E-Fu noodle with crab meat ($18.80). E-fu noodles are used in Cantonese yee mein. In normal preparation these egg noodles are deep fried. These noodles are often eaten on birthdays as the long noodle represents long life. They are normally chewy and eaten with mushrooms. The noodles themselves were chewy and absorbed some of the flavor from the mushrooms but a tad dry and plain. Real crab pieces were used in this dish.I had the satay oxtail and tendon noodle soup ($19.95). Broth was DELICIOUS. I could taste the peanut in the broth and the soup reminded me of a mix between a panang curry and kare kare (just put bagoong in the meat!). There was a bit more fat in the oxtail but the meat fell off the bone. My only complaint was that the chopsticks were a bit thick and I had a slightly hard time picking off meat from the oxtail.Should I come back here next time I'll definitely get an appetizer and a dish to share with another person to cut costs or stick to dim sum. Although the dishes here were decent the restaurant's prices reflect typical Vegas pricing for casual restaurants, which isn't cheap by anyone's standards. If that's the case find a dish that you can't find in your hometown or if you're going to spend that amount of money anyway on a restaurant find one that offers a more unique experience.
1	I haven't written a review in a long time but I was compelled to write one after my experience here because we are a family who grew up on Chinese food, noodles and dim sum. This place being a noodle and dim sum spot, really disappointed us. Portions are really small for the price you pay. Flavors can really use some salt or something. The restaurant is nice but you still get that loud Asian hacking phlegm people around you... Our dim sum stayed out for too long. The har gow was stuck to the bottom paper and it was cold. The service was slow. We had finished eating before they brought out our dim sum. I bet if you get the expensive dishes (lobster, seabass etc.), you may be more satisfied. But to come here for regular Chinese food, don't expect too much.
1	yes it's in a casino, and yes it's ridiculously overpriced. but even if they had normal chinatown pricing, i wouldn't bother coming back here. with strip chinese joints, you're paying primarily for the location, but it's usually also about the food quality, presentation, and service. unfortunately, that's not the case at Zine - here, all you're paying for is location.i've been here a handful of times, mostly just for the noodle soups. which were ok. today was my first time having their entrees, and i wasn't impressed with anything we had. it was probably the worst bbq duck and pork i've ever had - tasteless, gristly, just yuck.... as others have mentioned, serving size is smaller than most places - maybe 3/4 of the portion you would normally get. factor that in if you're doing family style, and just fyi this is what you get for $600 at Zine (seriously):12 veggie spring rolls, 4x beef chow fun, 4x fried rice, 4x bbq combo, 3x steamed veg, 2x kung pao chicken, 3x lemon chicken, 3x honey walnut shrimp. bbq combo is $30 for awful bbq - 1/4 duck, 1/4 chicken and maybe 1/4lb bbq pork. $25 for an order of lemon chicken, which is literally 1 piece of chicken katsu w/ some lemon sauce. even if you gamble here and can get a comp - take your casino cash and get your moneys worth somewhere else at palazzo. there are so many other worthwhile overpriced places to choose from.
1	WHERE DO I BEGIN?!?!?I ordered SWEET iced tea, the waiter brought me HOT tea. I told him that wasn't what i ordered, he gave me an attitude and say "I'll just go get you some ice". Now, money isn't a problem because we ate at pinot and the bill was $200 no problem BUT $20 for bowl of PHO? really?! My boyfriend ordered a dish, the waiter asked if he wanted rice and my boyfriend replied "does it come with it?" HE LAUGHED and walked off like we couldn't afford rice. Every dish and drink we ordered the slammed it down on the table and walked off. Some other waiter had to fill our drinks. That waiter was so much nicer, we wanted to go ask the manager if replace him with our waiter.By far, this is the worst restaurant that i've been to. Portions are kids size, this isn't a french restaurant. To add to that, later that night we walked by the restaurant, the same waiter was staring at us like he wanted to eat our livers. Crazy man.. I tell ya
3	The food was ok, but service was bad. We ordered a chai tea, and the tea was spilled all over the cup holder. I would not come here again.
2	Wildly overpriced, mediocre Chinese food. And it's not a DIm Sum place where they bring carts around. All they mean is they have appetizers. The Har Gow were rubbery. The seafood Lo Mein was $25! WTF? The shrimp were medium sized and the scallops were thin jumbos, but nothing special for that price. The taste was bland. And the food was generally average with prices 2-3 times what they should be. Take a cab somewhere else and you'll save a lot of money and get better food.
3	I had the opportunity to try Zine one day with a group of people and we decided to order a variety of options and share family-style. We tried the appetizer sampler, the variety plate with pork, chicken and pork, vegetable fried rice, honey walnut shrimp and Mongolian beef. Everything was pretty good. I would definitely recommend skipping the appetizer. Not a lot of substance for the price. The duck was my favorite of all our dishes. The portions weren't huge for the price, but it is on the strip, so it's understandable. The rest of the menu looked solid and I'm interested in trying their noodle soups and other items. Service was friendly. Not attentive, though.They have a number of lunch specials that I look forward to trying as well.
4	Went here for breakfast on 3/8.  Was feeling like some asian soup/pho.  This was my first time.  We usually go to Pho Kim Long.  The place was pretty empty at 11:30am.  Guess people were not up yet.  Ambience:  Nice decor, kind of a modern asian theme.  I would say more on the casual dining side then fine dining.  Pretty quiet at 11:30amService:  There were a lot of servers (ratio was probably 2:1 servers to customers) so there was never a problem to get anything.  Food came out at a decent pace.  Check came out fast when requested.Food:  I had the beef congee (porridge) and I thought it was good.  It was very simple and I added a touch of soy sauce to it.  The beef were small chunks but soft and delicate.  I would definitely get the dish again.  My friend thought the pho was ok (filet). I ordered the appetizer sampler (2 potstickers, 2 egg rolls, 2 shrimp tempura, 2 pork dumpling).  Each item came with its own recommended dipping sauce.  The dumpling and potstickers were both very good.  I also had the Vietnamese ice coffee.  You can't really go wrong with that.  Value:  I must warn you that this place is pretty darn pricey.  The appetizers were over $17 for literally 8 pieces.  The pho was over $16.  I guess its a Palazzo thing...If I was staying there...and craving asian cuisine...and was up a ton..I would go there again.  Otherwise, make the trek to Pho Kim Long
2	Ive been to Zine twice now and it was two times to many. The serviced is good and its a great looking place, but thats were the compliments stop. The food is just average and you can get the same quality in any major city for a third of the price. All of that would have been ok with me if not for the ambience, because this place has none. There is no music what soever and you can totally here everyones conversation from across the entire restaurant. I went with a group of six on a friday at 8pm and you would of thought that there was some sort of seniors only early bird special going on. When I go to a supposedly cool asian restaurant in vegas on a friday night, it better be lively. I walked in and instantly felt awkward because of the dead silence in this place. This place needs to be run by somebody else or close shop and make it something different
3	Came here for some over priced dim sum, but it was really good.Will probably not come back here since it was expensive.Worth trying.
1	Predicting this place won't be around long. Boring as hell. No music. Waiters don't talk. They have no emotion nor personality. Very poor quality and small portion for the price. Rip off. Don't eat here. Not worth trying even with a coupon.
4	I work in Barneys here so I come here for lunch about once a week. The food is great. The servers are wonderful and on top of things. I definitely recommend.
3	It's fine. Nothing a decent Chinese restaurant in your home town can't do. Had the spicy cucumber appetizer - moldy spicy, well marinated, tasty. Shrimp Har gow - pretty tough shrimp center but otherwise fine. Shanghai rice cake - disks of rice noodle with pork and greens were again fine but nothing special. Good place to go when you have ago near food craving but not a destination restaurant.
1	Don't come here....over priced. Jerks charged gratuity on my card even though I gave cash tip and wrote zero on receipt. Be warned these people are crooks. Go somewhere else for asian food.
3	Modern casual asian dining where the food actually tastes authentic. This place has nice decor and ambience. We came here on a Saturday at 11:30 a.m. after a night of partying and noodle soup was a must. The place was pretty empty so we were seated right away. We ordered wonton noodle soup, pho tai (comes with filet mignon), and shanghai curry noodles. The broths for the wonton noodle soup and pho were light and seasoned just right. Both dishes also came with a ton of noodles. The shanghai curry noodles were my favorite. You could smell the freshness of the curry and the noodle was not too oily. Service was also on point.For not wanting to drive off the strip for noodles, this place was great. The only downside are the prices. $18 for pho??? Way overpriced.
2	The food was truly sub par. Everything we ordered was bland and boring. Everything was served lukewarm. It was  almost as if they ordered food from some dive Chinese restaurant and just microwaved it before serving. I would rather eat at Panda Express than here.
3	This is not really a Dim Sum place. The appetizers are the only dim sum items and there are maybe 10 to choose from. The remaining items are large family style dishes. They are pretty good but definitely over priced. For two of us with appetizers and entrees it was $150 with tip. Honestly I did not feel that the food was much better than PF Changs or other similar chain restaurant.  However, the service was excellent and our waiter was friendly, helpful and quick.
4	Great atmosphere, service, and food.  We have eaten here several times for the last 3-4  years and enjoy it everytime.
5	Best chinese food in town, even the price is little high its so worth for the taste, i was amaze by the lamp chop.
2	Note to self: NEVER dine out without first checking Yelp. I had done my research before going to Vegas, but since I was with my daughter and I like to have flexible days, I didn't want every meal planned out and reserved. So we hit a few places based on proximity, hunger factor, and what sounded good. This was one of those MISSES.Our hotel room TV made Zine sound so fabulous. They really played up the black pepper beef, so that's what I was craving. And my daughter and I love dim sum, so they drew us in with that as well.Well, there is no dim sum. They've got appetizers that you would see on any Asian restaurant menu. Period. Dim sum? Not really. Ambience was really nice. Service was really good. Food was MEH and it was outrageously expensive. Our meal was $104 and we had no alcohol and we didn't even eat the $30 plate of Walnut Shrimp. Yes, $30 for what you get at any Chinese place. Only this wasn't good and my daughter ate one shrimp and then pushed the plate aside. They really should have comped us.The black pepper beef, I will grant them, was super tender. But it was flavorless. Literally. And it was $32!We also shared pot stickers (standard) and Vietnamese Egg Rolls that came with a clear sauce that we couldn't figure out if there was any flavor at all. It definitely wasn't fish sauce. I love fish sauce. These rolls were really bland.So Let Me Repeat: If you want to throw away your money on bland, overpriced food, this is your place. If you want better food, go to McDonalds. If you want to spend your money on fabulous food, go to Gordon Ramsay Steak or Raku. Those were my two planned dining experiences and they did not fail me.
4	I tried three dishes: Edamame, Chicken Potstickers and Pho Tai.  All three were excellent!  My favorite was the Pho Tai, which was made with sliced Filet Mignon... I guess it better be good for a $18 bowl of Pho.  Well it was awesome, and I love Pho in general and eat it a lot in the Orange County area.
1	This is the most expensive Chinese food I ever had. The soup was 20$ for one personAnd I piece sea bass is 32$ . The food is not that good. So I will give then 1 start. Never came back!!
5	I had the filet mignon pho and it was absolutely delicious!!! One of the best pho I've ever had. Granted I've never paid 18.00 for pho but I've also never had it with filet mignon. In any case, it was great and the service was quick and good. Can't complain. I'd go back for the pho for sure
3	The pepper crusted sirloin tips are acclaimed by a small promo in the rooms at the Pallazzo and Venetian. They are $32. I expected more taste and a larger portion. The meat was tender and juicy with the option of steamed white or brown rice. It's quite expensive for what is served considering that a mile away on Spring Mountain road, there's several great places with meat just as flavorful. It's good if you have little time and can't get away from the strip.
3	I came here after a long night with my friends so we went downstairs to grab a quick bite.The ceiling has lanterns hanging from the ceiling with a soft red lighting. The servers were very quick.  We ordered a hot and sour soup which is okay. Just like any typical hot and sour soup at any Chinese place minus the price. Chilled jelly fish was missing sesame oil and a little more salt. It was so bland. Jelly fish is one of my top favorite things to eat too and it was a little disappointing how bland it was.The soy marinated chicken was delicious!  But the portion sized was a little pricey for a quarter of a chicken leg. $16 to be exact!The chicken feet I would say have to be one of the best dish I had there. The skin fell off the bone and it was so flavourful!  Siu mai was good but not great. I will not be back but my experience was not unpleasant either. I'm just use to the more traditional Chinese cuisine.
2	Too expensive. Chinese food for 1/3 Rd of the price can be found within a mile on spring mountain road.Ambiance is nice and fancy. That is what you are paying for. Typical Chinese food. Nothing special.
2	Overpriced food, poor service and the flavor is simply non existent. When you pay top dollar for an executive chef menu the bar is set high.  This place just does not even come close. The dumpling noodle soup was just OK. The shrimp dumplings(har gow) tasted like they were just taken out of the freezer and steamed. The chicken, tofu and salted fish clay pot just did not seem to come together. Overall very disappointing food and at an average of $20~30 per item it is overpriced for chinese food.
4	There hasn't been a time I went to Vegas that I didn't have the oxtail soup and the Macau roasted pork belly. It is absolutely delicious and succulent.
3	Met a friend here for lunch while I was in Vegas for a conference. Food is not bad, but you're paying premium prices for it because of it's location. It's convenient for anyone staying in the hotel that doesn't want to leave. And the food tastes good. But I'm used to paying 1/3 of the prices by going to a Chinese restaurant that isn't in the middle of a fancy hotel. All in all, it worked for what I needed, but if I had the time to leave the property and grab lunch elsewhere, I would have.
1	If you're going for two, save yourself $70 and go to Pei Wei. Their wonton noodle soup that they recommend is the biggest rip-off. Ramen is 100x better. The wonton soup was not all we had, but everything we ate was so disappointing. I don't know what the people that rated this place good could have possibly eaten that was decent. Don't eat eat here. There are much better options in Vegas.
2	Way way way to expensive for what you get! Food was good and service was good but for what you get go to any other place and get way more bang for your buck!!
4	Zine Noodles was good. The food was excellent, one of the best Beef Chow Fun I have had. The shrimp tempura was really good too. The only thing missing was the service. Our server was not very helpful, we wanted to know how many people one dish would serve but he either did not understand our questions or did not want to help us. Also the service flow was a little awkward, our appetizer order was taken before our drink order and then our main entree order wasn't taken until all the appetizers were served and almost finished. Prices were pretty reasonable for the strip and the portion size. I will go back in the future.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant last week. We had several appetizers that were all delicious. They included the spicy chicken wontons (which are spicy!) and steamed pork dumplings. We all enjoyed our entrees as well.  I had the Kung Pao chicken which I had asked to be spicy and though it was delicious was blander than I would have liked. Service was fine. I believe there was a bit of a language challenge in that I asked for a couple of things that took two tries to get. I also had to flag them down once...so a bit more follow up would have been good.However we were very happy with our find in this restaurant. I look forward to visiting this restaurant next time in town.
1	Nice place. The food was good but the portion was horrible! I asked our server if the $30 honey walnut prawn was a good portion. He said yes so I ordered it. When it came to the table, there was only 5 or 6 in the plate! I thought that would be my main dish but it was just like an appetizer. We spent over $100 and I was still not full.Im a small guy too. lol... Jain was not our server but my wife and I were glad that he took care of us at the end. He was the only one who had great customer service.
1	The Service: Okay... took the order fast. Serve the food fast. But our server never checked on us after that.... Not attentive. The Food: SUPER OVERPRICED Chinese food. Since it is at the Palazo Hotel so it is expected.Fish porridge - Lots of rice..... only a few pieces of fish for $19!!!! So not worth it. Not much flavor too. Very disappointed.
1	I knew it would be flavorless and overpriced and it was, The Pho was devoid of anything called flavor, service was meh but we were captive in the Hotel and there was no line. Drag yourself off the strip and head up Spring Mountain road if you want real Chinese food, this is a complete waste of money
4	Not sure why people don't like this place in the reviews. Is it expensive? Yes, but no more do than its peers in the hotel-the convenience fee one pays in the strip. Since the wait staff were speaking Cantonese we stuck to the Hong Kong staples on the menu. Well prepared classics that of be happy with at any authentic Chinese restaurant. Not high end Hong Kong dining, but certainly not a hawkers market offering.  Definitely not the American food crap most Midwesterners mistakenly call Chinese food. Crispy Noodles were well seasoned and quite flavorful. BBQ pork was maybe a touch dry but still full of flavor. Siu Mai was a decent offering. Stir fried vegetables were fresh, green, crisp and write tasty. Had a Japanese colleague with me so we ordered the potstickers too-gotta reaffirm the supremacy of the almighty gyoza. They were quite good and well received, except that they were chicken.
