4	Automatic +3 stars just for having gotten rid of the mechanical bull. I came here with a pal to check out the new digs and it had a fresh new take on the corner locale upstairs from Yardhouse that has otherwise seemed haunted by its predecessors. It looks like somebody in Town Square management finally realized that putting in a country-slash-hip-hop-slash-EDM bar was just poor business sense and a waste of real estate! [Enter McFadden's] The whole place is wide and open, with a bar each as soon as you enter, as you walk through the joint, and again on the outside patio in the back. It's like a game to see if you can make it to the end of the venue without being tempted by a shot of whiskey or a pint of beer. Hint: everyone loses. I can't comment on the food as I had none, but McFadden's is spacious with tables/chairs and booths abound, whilst boasting itself as the "Home of the $5 Burger." With happy hour from 4p-7p and reverse happy hour Sunday-Tuesday from 9p-close, I can see myself stopping by for a sip and a bite because of its convenient location. Cheers to a new bar, may it actually stick around this time!
5	Packed house for the Grand Opening.Mcfaddens is known as a sports bar/local watering hole on the east coast, and it will without a doubt succeed here in Las Vegas. The Management team did a great job of scouting the area before they opened, to gauge the need of us locals. It will surely deliver a fun atmosphere, friendly service, and affordable pricing. The food quality will double that of Millers Ale House, and their specials rival any establishment in Town Square.Make this your go-to at TS and you will not be dissapoonted.
1	Went to this place last night for the grand opening.  Checked out the website and saw that they had a food menu.  I get there and there is no food you can order, just servers walking around with samples.  Why have food on your website if you can't actually order it yet!?!?  Mismanaged!  Seems that this place is just another typical Vegas party bar with music so loud you can't even hear yourself think.  The sound system was cranked up so high the speakers were distorting or the amps were.  If I want this kind of experience I'll go to Blue Martini where the music actually sounds decent.  Get the food out, and fix the system, or turn it down because it sounds like crap!  When they actually start serving food I'll go back and then modify this review, but as for now this place is no different than any other bar in Vegas.
5	Hot girls on the bar and awesome drink specials!! What more can you ask for? Definitely a great addition to town square! Crazy 80oz fishbowl drinks!!!!
4	as a las vegas local ive been to mcfaddens at the rio hotel. A bar with a high energy vibe & good place to take a big group of friends to. other than the location being at the rio i felt it was just an average bar. with that being said, i attended the grand opening at the new location at Town Square. i go to town square often but i am more of a yard house person. the moment i walked in i was amazed on how much fun everyone was having! the service was great for the staff was definitely mood creating, mingling, & interacting with the guests! ive never really experienced this at a local bar & it was something that i thought was a people pleaser! the DJ was great playing good music with a variety of everything! i will absolutely go back for drinks & suggest to a friend! Congrats on the new location!
5	Ah the new kids in town.  McFadden's just recently opened and though that's apparent to a trained eye, to the average person this place looks like it's been around for awhile.  I decided to meet my CrossFit amigos for an impromptu Sunday Funday around 5:30PM.  Upon arrival, I was introduced to T, our bartender for the night.  I was then also informed that it was happy hour! Hooray! Half-priced EVERYTHING until 7PM.  Literally, everything. Now that's exciting, yes but kind of dangerous! I'm still feeling the effects of half-priced tequila 24 hours later. The menu is very 'bar food' ish (and all looked delicious) but I was stoked to see a healthy option hidden between burgers and fried cheese - Build your own salad! And they had great options for veggies, protein and fats - everything this Paleo gal needs to create a bomb ass salad. They even let you fill out a sheet, kind of like at 'The Counter' so there was no mistaking exactly what I had ordered.  I even wrote 'dressing on side' and whataya know! They actually put it on the side!!It wasn't very busy but in time I'm sure more people will start piling in. It's so much better than Miller's, I think Yard House would be the only real competition. Hope this place makes it!
4	McFadden's is a cool bar and I had a great time there. I had been to the old McFadden's in the Rio and this one is way better. The bars are pretty big and it is easy to get a drink. The bartenders are really friendly and sometimes they will give you free shots and they announce it over the intercom. I was there for the grand opening and saw a lot of people I knew and they were having a great time too. I can't wait to go there for St. Patrick's Day, and I am definitely down to go to McFadden's again.
1	Opening night was packed, but not that great.  DJ's were meh.  Bartenders kind of lost.  Only food "samples."  Ran out of Guinness?  Service was hectic.  Why not have a "soft open" like most places in Vegas to fix these issues?To re-iterate what Ron posted above: "bartender tells me she can't keep my tab open because she doesn't "know how." This seems like it should be standard knowledge for a worker at a bar..."  I had the same issue here.  I ended up just paying with cash as not to "complicate" these girls jobs any more.  I would imagine knowing the POS system would be a requisite for any bartender?From talking with one worker I gathered that some of the "bartenders" came from the old Coconuts across the way and apparently worked with or were hired by a manager who is now at McFadden's.  Guess this would explain why some of the "bartenders" are not trained and sort of lost behind the bar... the old Vegas system, "it's not what you know..."  I wonder if they just got hired because they could dance on a bar and knew the manager? I know it was opening night and flashy, yes that part was fun, but they need to bring service up and the flashiness (bar dancing etc) down until they have a solid business.  The fun/party atmosphere will follow this place naturally, no need to force it.I *might* give this place another try when the menu opens up and they have time to get some more bartenders/servers in there (or train them properly.)  It has potential, but for now I'll stay away from the growing pains until they get their employee/manager issues worked out... too much good competition in Town Square to spend more time here!
2	We had friends who went this weekend to the grand opening so we decided to try it tonight. They had karaoke which was fine but when you go through their menu and all the promotions for Tuesday it says half off on appetizers and cocktails. Which is apparently not true what they meant for cocktail - when we receive the bill for our drinks-its only for beer and well drinks but nothing says it on the menu and our waitress was as useful as a pet rock. We waited at several 30 minute intervals her walking past the table at least 4 times to simply order and get our water down cocktails. During that time never mentioned that it was for well drinks.
1	Tried the new Mcfadden's tonight, it was truly awful. We just wanted some drinks, and were told that we could sit outside but we'd have to get our own drinks from the bar. Alright, not unheard of, whatever. So we left most of our party at a table on the patio and a friend and I went to the bar - we waited 15 minutes and rotated between 3 bartender spots (seemed like each one had their own register) and finally after 20 minutes of waiting and not even being recognized by the bartenders we decided to leave and head downstairs to the Yard House, where we were waited on right away.  They weren't even busy, just terrible servers. Sorry, but any place that couldn't even make eye contact and say "I'll be right with you!" isn't worth my money. Forget this place, head somewhere that appreciates good customer service.
5	Wow! What a transformation from the other bars! The staff is super friendly and fun and the food is great! I had the fish and chips and the Irish nachos! They were so yummy! They also have great happy hour with 1/2 off their already cheap drinks! I will be back again and will be telling all my friends to come to McFadden's!
3	The service needs major work, from what my sister and friends said but the last two times I went I had fun ...they even gave me a free try of this pink drink that was in their fish bowl drink for the day?? So maybe it depends on the night ?? I did notice though their bars are stocked differently so our bartender ( poor guy) would have to run around to differs stands to get the material they wanted? Also don't order here the girls are dancing you wouldn't get any help there !! Which makes sense as a guest to avoid
2	Oh McFadden's where to start... I've never been to a place that was soooo obsessed with trying to create the illusion of fun than promoting it. Every 5 mins you have your Deja Vu(esque) DJ calling for people to get on the bars and dance. Which is fine. But 1. some people aren't meant to be dancing on bars but might be better suited being pushed off them. 2. Kind of sucks trying to get a drink when you have to navigate people nasty feet. 3. The majority of people on the bars are "bartenders" (i use that term liberally) which means less people dealing with customers behind the bar. Which means waiting longer to get a stupid beer. The easiest way to get a beer would be to grow boobs and work there because every time I looked around their employees were able to drink more than I could even order. McFadden's will be another Cadillac Ranch, Ranch House, and Coconuts. I appreciate trying to create this party atmosphere but not at the expense of the customers.
1	if nothing else Yelpers, please read the kicker at the end. McFadden's is not playing fair with Yelp.I've been their 3 times as I really wanted to like the place.  it looks great inside and out and they have a really good happy hour and specials each night.visit one was for opening night (Thursday night).  they ran everything pretty well for as packed as it was.  the passed apps were pretty good.  service was just ok, but expected as it was their first night.next visit last Tuesday was barely ok.  I confused the bartender with trying to order a Black and Gold.  I guess it's only available at the main bar by the entrance.  She probably should have known this by then, not running around behind the bar then finally asking the other bartender.  I love Heather and Singing with the Band karaoke.  the karaoke was only thing that kept my interest while I waited over 30 minutes for wings. The wings were pretty good and came with fries.  they are not breaded and I really like the teriyaki sauce.even with sitting at the bar the service was slow.  my bartender seemed like she had no prior experience, as she relied on her coworker for help often.my last visit (figuratively and literally) Friday night was even worse.  we sat on the patio.  our server arrived quickly, then got slower and slower, often forgetting drinks.I ordered the wings again, but this time they did not come with fries. odd.it took over 30 minutes to get our checks.  one couple was about to walk out, we were going to head inside and let her find us.  she finally came back out as we were getting up.it seems they hired staff based solely on looks or other criteria.  their lack of experience is overwhelming.and the kicker:  their marketing manager Gaby sent an email to all their employees blatantly asking them to do Yelp reviews on where they work!!  SHAME!  I posted a copy of the email in the pictures. Pasted  below is the body of the text.__________________________________________________________Hey Guys,Please go on Yelp and place a positive (5-Star Review) review for us!Here is our Yelp Page link:http://www.yelp.com/biz/mcfaddens-restaurant-and-saloon-las-vegasPlease DO NOT say you work here at McFadden's!They have a very well managed system where it filters out if they find out you work here and it will not post your review.Again, do not state that you work here.Talk about the 'Home of the $5 Hamburger', our 80z FishBowls, Jameson Pickleback Burger or our chick food etc. Just please mention some of our food items as well as our specialty drinks and of course our AWESOME staff & service.The public refers to these reviews a lot on where they end up going.Mention to all your family and friends to PLEASE post on Yelp positive reviews for us, the more the merrier.Let me know if you have any questions!-Gaby
3	Great Monday happy hour.  Half off all appetizers, well drinks, and beer.  Cool place to go sit outside if it isn't too hot.  The food portion sizes were massive.  I ordered the blackened chicken nachos and they were the biggest nachos I have ever seen for $5.50.  I ate about half before reaching a mountain of chips and congealed cheese.Service is slow and annoying.  Food was alright.  Good location next to the movie theater in Town Square and a good option to add to the area.
1	***Review does not pertain to nightlife scene here, place did have people pouring in as we were leaving around 10:30***Came here to watch the UFC fight with a group of friends. I would give them zero stars if I could, they only get 1 star because they didn't charge to watch the fights and because they had a decent SELECTION of apps and drinks for happy hour. While the selection was decent, the food was NOT! The "blackened chicken" nachos had an option to add guacamole for $1, this came as 1 sliver of avocado and a tiny bed of pico de gallo. The chicken was not blackened, in fact it had no seasoning or flavor at all...was more like boiled chicken breast. The artichoke crab dip was salty (and I'm not shy about using salt when I cook) yet lacked any real flavor and wasn't good. The buffalo chicken flatbread was ok. Nothing special, but better than the other items.The loaded potato soup could've used some more chunks of potato and bacon, as well as some pepper. But still was decent compared to the rest of the food. My friend ordered the chopped salad which said it came with ranch, yet when it arrived it had balsamic on it. She mentioned it to the waitress who replied "no it doesn't come with ranch, it doesn't really come with a specific type of dressing." Then my friend says "well on the menu it says it comes with ranch." The waitress grabs a menu to disprove this, only to realize that the menu does in fact say ranch. I know they've only been open 2 weeks, but the servers should know what the dishes come with...and if they're not sure, they definitely should NOT argue with the customer who just read the menu a few minutes ago. They also removed the pool tables, air hockey, and dart board that ranch house used to have. On the plus side they still have beer pong tables, new ones in fact...which is an upgrade. Overall pretty terrible food, mediocre service, reasonably priced drinks during happy hour. If this is your idea of a good time, then check this place out! Otherwise, go eat at Tommy Bahama cafe and order the steak salad/carnitas sandwich/bourbon ribs and coconut pineapple cake/key lime pie/barbados brownie instead and grab some drinks at yard house after.
1	Terrible service. Came here cause I got a free open bar thing. It wasn't too busy but we found a table and were told we had to be seated by a host while everyone else were seating themselves so we thought why not? We sat down and watch others around us seating themselves and getting service while we were getting the run around about a server will come and since we sat ourselves they had to wait for someone to free up to take our orders. It really didn't make sense to us as we sat around waiting while we saw other groups swarming tables to sit get served. Hate to play the race card but we saw tables that had white customer get help while my group of mix people didn't even get any help from any servers. Mcfaddens must not want money or thought we wouldn't tip cause we are minorities. If I could give a 0 I would.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Wow this place is a joke. The staff drinks until they are plastered. If you want a place to drink with minors then this is your spot. I don't know about you, but drinking from a bottle that was just poured directly into the mouth of some trashy girl is not really my style... It is only a matter of time until this place is shut down as, in my opinion, it is not fit to do business in Town Square. There are enough of these garbage spots on the strip. I really hate that my 4 kids have to hear all of the drunken idiots screaming obscenities while I walk them to and from the movies. I can't imagine Town Square putting a Gameworks right by this place.  It is unsafe for children to even be next to. This place is a DUI or a Fight waiting to happen.
4	So far so good at the new McFaddens. Excellent happy hour from 4pm to 7pm (lots to choose from)Highly recommend the nachos (easily could feed 3-5 people) There was two of us and we could barely put a dent in them. The chips are smothered in this really good creamy white cheese. I really enjoyed it. *See my photoThere are three bars to choose from (2 inside and 1 on the patio), a small dance floor and ample seating throughout the restaurant. They have a lot of Pinnacle vodkas to choose from, it's not really my thing, but they seemed to be a hit with other people Bar staff seems hit or miss, lucky for us, the girls serving us were awesome.  But I could see some of the other girls behind the bar had a bit of attitude. They show the UFC fights, so we wanted to see how they handle it. At first the sound wasn't great (slightly off and distorted) for the prelims, but luckily they fixed it by the main card. So far this bar has been really busy both times I've gone. Hopefully, they can keep up this level.
1	I was in town for work and decided to hit up Mcfaddens after getting out of a movie for some food.  I'm not even sure I can accurately describe the dining experience.  1st round of drinks takes about 15 mintues and some of the drinks were not make correctly but we keep them because it took so long.  We ordered a bunch of the happy hour appetizers, then decided we wanted some burgers but could not figure out who our actual waitress was and nobody was willing to take our order.  Apps come and they're typical bar fried food, but then we realize we have no plates or silverware.  We flag down a bus boy who then brings us 4 sets for 5 people.  ???  Get another set, then finally figure out who is waiting on us and order burgers.  2nd round of drinks takes over 25 minutes to be delivered.  Burgers actually come out in about 10-15 minutes.  Bus boys continue to deliver food to our table that we didn't order.  At one point on the 3rd extra delivery he just looks at us and says.. just keep it.  I can see the table next to us giving our server an earfull.3rd round of drinks came out faster.  Burgers were actually pretty good.  Good luck getting refills on your waters or iced tea.  Before our waitress has a meltdown we ask for the check.  We were pretty nice, not d1cks like the table behind us.  When our waitress came back she said she gave us a 50% discount because everything was so messed up.  Then she comes back and says she gave us the wrong check, and hands us one for 20$.  Our original bill for our group was over 100$.  Nice move and thank you.The next day I found out they had only opened the previous night.. still no excuse someone should get canned for this circus side show.
1	I went on a Friday night with a large group of coworkers after a long week. It was one of the most horrendous nightlife experiences in the two years I've lived in Vegas. The atmosphere isn't too bad but it isn't too great either. The only major difference I saw from the former Cadillac Ranch / Ranch House is that the mechanical bull was replaced by a small dance floor. As mentioned in previous reviews, the staff is obliterated early on in the evening which makes it challenging to get a drink in under 15 minutes (after you place your order). Prepare to repeat your order several times. The DJ stopped the music periodically to insist all bars be filled with girls (both bartenders and patrons) who would then dance on the bar while the bartenders poured free "shots" directly into patrons' mouths. The shots were in an unmarked bottle and were an odd purple color. Avoid the mystery bottle that just grazed the mouths of 30 other people.Overall, I understand the idea of a party bar but this one missed the mark. The bartenders had more of a party than any of the patrons. Long story short, spend your money anywhere else nearby for better service from staff sober enough to remember your order.
1	Sat down with my fiance at the main bar and was greeted within 5 seconds by "Jordan" male who said the other Jordan female would be right over. After about 10 minutes we got passed by 5 times by a Barback and 2 other bartenders. I left thirsty and went to blue martini. Much happier here!
5	Absolutely love it! Great atmosphere, great people, great food and drink specials, great location. You'll see me here over and over again. For sure
1	We came for happy hour and stayed for the fruit flies...Monday night is a good deal half off drinks and appetizers. We were sat and the waited for 15 min before anyone came to take our DRINK order. So once our waitress came by our table to get us drinks it took another 15 min before a Magner's and a 7 & 7 made their way back to our table. The 7&7 had a hitchhiker floating around in the glass. So we got that drink replaced one we saw the waitress again. The replacement drink came back pretty quick. So we ordered Chicken Nachos and the Quesadilla. The Nachos are HUGE. and that might not be a good thing. The chicken that was just on the top layer was ICE cold. I mean barely above freezing. Service just went down from there. The Waitress must have known a group sitting at another table because she screamed ran over there and spent the next 10 minutes doing shots and drinking with them. Needless to say. Service was horrible. Absolutely abysmal. There is no way to sugar coat that. In an "Irish" pub you should never be thirsty.
4	While tending to some shopping one afternoon we stumbled upon the new McFadden's that now lies in the venue space Cadillac Ranch (and whatever it was after CR) use to be.Indulging in a bit of happy hour (great specials, by the way) my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by the food quality and even service.  Wanting to give McFadden's a honest college try, we select this dining venue as our "family dinner" spot for the week.  I made reservations on-line (LOVE that you can do that here) and showed up promptly to be sat at our designated time.So the hostess wasn't the most friendly face at the bar, our service on the other hand was. Forgot her name (terrible I know), but she was fantastic even as the night progressed the restaurant filled up.The best nachos I've had in a very long time and guess what??? REAL NACHO CHEESE! Yes, that's right folks, you heard it here.. real nacho cheese.. yum.My only complaint is why, why, why must venues at Town Square insist on turning their restaurants in to night clubs after 10pm?  An Irish pub should remain an Irish pub in my opinion and keep the under dressed ladies and over muscled men over at Blue Martini where they belong.
1	The saddest part about this one star review is that McFaddens has all the elements to be GREAT and they are blowing it by having TERRIBLE service and drowning good food in SALT.  I went there for a company happy hour.  There about 25 people in our party, arriving in waves.  the first 6 or so people got their drinks, the rest of us it took about 40 minutes to get a drink.  When we complained, they said there was only one bartender.  Guess it takes 40 minutes to pour 2 pitchers of beer and 3 mix drinks.  the place was not that busy, so there really was no excuse.Since the service was so bad, I decided to try the food TO GO, since the menu looked promising.  We ordered 2 of the $5 burgers with various toppings.  the waitress asked me 3 times about what kind of mayo we wanted and confirmed twice on the plain mayo.  the burgers came with NO MAYO.  they had 2 patties which I wasn't expecting, don't know if thats normal, but its too much.  the worst part.....my medium temp patty was RAW,  not just rare,  raw and cold in the middle.  When I got home I had to remove it from the bun and cook it in the microwave.   Once it was cooked it tasted good, but I shouldn't have to cook my burger at home.I ordered a chopped salad and got a chicken cobb salad at home.on the side of the burger was a fried pickle.  First bite was good,  second bite was like biting into a teaspoon of SALT.  I had to spit it out. I ordered side of mac n' cheese.  for $6 bucks I was expecting something that did not look like kraft mac n' cheese.  but the kicker was it NOT COOKED.  It was like the chewy pasta that sticks in your teeth.   Again, I added a little water to it and put in the microwave to finish cooking.   At first I thought it was edible now.  then I realized it tasted like they had half cooked the pasta then soaked it in a box of salt then poured some cheese sauce on it.  NOT EDIBLE again. the good news is with the happy hour prices, 2 burgers, fries, mac n cheese and a salad was only $17.  If the food had been edible I could see us eating here every other week.FIRE the COOK who has stock in mortons salt company and is drowning fresh food in pounds of salt and failing to cook things properly.   Seriously,  get the right cook and decent service and we might be back.  Otherwise never again.  It almost felt like the cook was trying to purposely ambush the restaurant.Such a shame, great location, great ambiance, good prices, good ingredients, BAD EXECUTION.
3	Oh McFadden's.  When you were at the Rio you hosted one of the most memorable St. Patrick's Day celebrations.  The new location at Town Square is certainly set up to entertain, with three bars (one outdoors), a beer pong area, DJ booth, dance floor, photo booth, and karaoke.  The mechanical bull that was here previously was replaced by the DJ booth, and not a mechanical leprechaun as I was expecting.  (Don't look at me like that.  Rattlecan had a mechanical pickle that you could ride.)I came here for happy hour, which goes from 4:00pm - 7:00pm daily and gets you 1/2 price appetizers and draft beers.  There are also daily specials for each day of the week, and are offered open to close: http://www.mcfaddensvegas.com/specials.php.  The happy hour drink specials are decent, you'll end up paying $3.00 - $4.00 for a pint; nothing spectacular.  The big surprise came from the 1/2 price appetizers; these dishes are huge!  At most you'll be paying $5.50 for an appetizer, and that will be plenty for you to share with others.  Between three of us, we had left overs after ordering four appetizers: chicken fingers, Irish nachos, crispy shrimp, and king crab and artichoke dip.  Everything was good bar food.Service was really spotty at times.  I ordered a Bumblebee, which is a Boddington's with Guiness layered on top.  When the bartender made it, he poured the Boddington's from a can, even though the menu showed that it was one of their draft beers.  And when it came time to pay, it was almost a 30-minute ordeal.  Nothing deal breaking I suppose, but if it's not happy hour, I'm not sure that I would stop in.
4	This was a fun place to hang out. Since they had just opened it was a lil empty but still a good time. We ordered a smurf fishbowl, I'm not sure why it was purple but hey whatever. The food, unfortunately, was mediocre at best. We enjoyed the beer pong and the bartenders were very personable and fun. I did notice they had really great specials so I plan to return for those.
2	This new McFaddens is in a awesome location in town square and I had great expectations going there. I was called that I was selected to have a party there and I would drink free till midnight and all my friends would get wrist bands and everything was half price. We got there and was told that only one beer out of all of them, that was half for my friends or free for me and was served in a little plastic cup. Very few mixed drinks and only well was half and no food was half. I was very disappointed because I had brought them a lot of people and it wasn't what it was suppose to be. One of my friends only drinks Crown and he got one drink and they ran out - yes they ran out of Crown royal by 11 pm. on a Saturday night. Lastly it took forever to even get a drink, they need more bartenders. The music was great and the ambience was also great. That's why they got two stars.
1	Despite some not so glowing reviews of this place the happy hour special tempted me to try it out. On first glance the glace the place looks nice. The outside signage is very catchy and they inside is beautiful and open.Hostess:We were greeted by a couple of dazed looking hostesses that stared at their computer for an awkward 15 seconds before acknowledging us then kind of gave us a blank stare and eventually mumbled "uh... two?" Then took us to a table as though she were lost. Venue:What I first took to be a pretty open restaurant/pub quickly seemed like a big empty place as she seated us far off from other patrons. The venue is very large. There are 2 bars inside - both of which were open which made little sense as it was not very busy. If we had been seated in a more populated area it would have made it easier for our waitress to keep an eye on us. The place is filled with TVs similar to a sports bar but despite being an Irish pub the TVs all showed baseball and American football instead of rugby or soccer. Wait Staff: The waitress was very friendly and cheery. She seemed inexperienced but everyone starts somewhere and I am fine with that. The waitresses always seemed to be buzzing around but never seemed to be taking anything to tables. The place was pretty empty and service was slow so I have no idea what the waitresses were doing with all their wandering about. The waitress uniforms would have been more at home at a Hooters. I am not opposed to attractive or sexy uniforms, the little plaid skirt was adorable but paired with a cropped/midriff top it was just too much. Some of the waitresses wore fishnets and tall boots with the skirt - it was tacky and over the top. I also was not a fan of our waitresses habit of leaning on our table, it was either a ploy to show some cleavage for a better tip or just another sign of an unprofessional waitress. There was also a guy in casual clothes lurking around with a clip board the whole time. I have no idea what he was up to but it was distracting.Food:So up to this point, the service is slow but not awful - the waitress was very friendly if unprofessional - the place has a big empty, not Irish pub but the kicker for me is the food. I would take all those things in stride if the food had been good. We ordered a couple beers, Irish nachos and teriyaki wings. The Irish nachos were okay. The portion size was huge. The whole thing was a bit bland and soggy though. If I were to order it again (which I probably won't) I would ask for the cheese on the side.  The teriyaki wings were kind of soft and soggy and the teriyaki sauce was bland and tasted more like soy sauce than anything.TL;DR - The food was bland, the servers were friendly but slow, the hostess seemed brain dead. The whole place seems to be having an identity crisis; it looks like an Irish pub but feels like a sports bar with Hooters waitresses. For $28 we got 4 beers, chicken wings and Irish nachos. I really went in here wanting to like this place but we won't be going back.
1	Decent -ish bar food. Average service. I was given the incorrect bill twice, and when finally given the correct one, I signed it and fortunately kept a copy. Since then I have been leaving messages for a manager to call me bc supposedly there's "no manager in house" Everytime I call to complain that I was charged more than double the amount on my receipt.  New place... No managers in house already. No wonder it's all messed up. Better options in town square. If you settle, keep your receipt!
5	Tried McFadden's for the 1st time last night. Ever since they moved to Town Square my co-workers & I were stoked to have another restaurant to go to for our Department lunches. After working late last night we came here & had a Great Experience. Staff was Very Friendly, especially our Waitress. food was Really Good, we tried the Hummus, the Spicy Ahi Crackers & Celtic Wings with Guinness BBQ sauce, everything was Good but the Wings were the Winner of the three. Both of my co-workers had the Fish & Chips, which they really liked. I ordered the 'Kiss Me, I'm Irish' Burger, which I first assumed was a Sandwich but turned out was a Burger, but not with just 1 but 2 patties, & it was Delicious. It was Messy, Juicy & the combination of Flavors worked very well with each other! But the Best Part of the evening was the Live Band Karaoke, which was a first for me & Loved it! The Karaoke Host had a Great Voice & she was very pretty, the band performed really well. Also a Great Plus for me, No Smoking! I realized I was in a Bar that was not smoky then remembered this is still a Restaurant first & foremost but with a Bar-like feel. They had 3 bars from where I could see and so many people enjoying themselves, And a Lot of them girls too, And on a Tuesday night!  But then again this is Vegas! I can't wait to come back, Especially on a Tuesday evening!
1	Decided to check this place out and first impression was bad! Three ladies at the hostess stand and no greeting. Disappointing. Then we were seated but without the opportunity to ask booth or bar or patio. .The menu looks very good and inexpensive and once I decided to write this review, I see so many seem to agree that McFadden's is LACKING big in the customer service department. It's very disappointing cause for me if it doesn't go smooth immediately, I know my dining experience and food I will not enjoy. in addition, when were seated we called for the hostess twice as she walked away but were ignored. So WE WALKED OUT! Then we were on our way to a more accommodating better serving bar next door.
4	Sorry, bad reviewers. Did we attend the same place?? Food was delicious, atmosphere great, service prompt and friendly. Just the right noise level, festive but not deafening. Can have a conversation without shouting. Give it another try!
2	I heard a lot of mixed reviews regarding McFaddan's. the biggest pro is the half off apps during happy hour. The disadvantage is the service. The staff isn't the friendliest and they walk around like they are the hottest things on earth. They have a policy in which they can only split a check once, which makes it unfriendly for large groups. I will say the tater tots were very tasty, but I don't know if they're enough to bring me back. They also had an attendant in the bathroom which I thought was awkward, it's not like we're at a fancy restaurant or night club!
1	Terrible terrible terrible TERRIBLE. We were SO excited to come here so decided to check out happy hour. First thing we walk in the door and there's two hostesses, one of which was wearing the half shirt and had a huge gut spilling out. Since I saw a bunch of girls in full length tanks I know that was not a REQUIRED uniform. I won't hold that against them and not part of my 1 star rating, but still not a good first impression. So they proceed to sit there and both stare at me while ONE is on the phone taking a reservation for five people. My one year old starts getting antsy and trying to jump out of my arms and they still don't seat us... Uhh hello anyone home? So then we get seated. We told them three adults, one child. They give us two adult menus. So the server comes. Extremely ditsy but nice. I tell her what happened with the menus, she says she will bring another. She comes back 4 more times to ask us if we're ready which were not because we're all huddled over and switching menus back and forth. So we start with the Irish nachos. Tater tots with bacon, sour cream and cheese. Uh yeah right.  A pile of tater tots, with a sprinkle of cheese sauce, a half a slice of bacon crumbled on top, and a tiny drizzle of sour cream. If it wasn't happy hour we would've sent them back. So we each order a beer. Myself a Guinness, the other two a bass and a blue moon. As soon as the bass is sat down he takes a sip and says try this is tastes almost like a miller light. I tasted. It tasted like half bass, half miller light. Weird. I tasted my Guinness. I couldn't take more than two sips, and we all concurred, tasted like Guinness water. The blue moon wasn't as watery, but also had a weird miller light taste to it. Again, happy hour, so we just dealt with it. The server kept coming to our table throughout and would blankly stare at us and say things like "ohhhh myyy goooooooddddddd my necklace broke!!!" It was so awkward. Almost like she was on drugs. No one in that place seemed to know like they knew what was going on at all. I will say my burger was pretty good, though my hubby's was RAW in the middle. He ordered medium well. You could touch te middle and feel that it wasn't cooked. We had such high hopes for this place but I can promise we will NEVER be back. Gross. This place won't last long in Town Square. No quality or customer service. Hurry up McFadden's and move along so something better can open up in your place.
1	I've never posted a review but this place really left me with the urge to do so.Totally incompetent staff, everyone seemed to have a different idea of what the happy hour was, service was well below average, although the prices are ridiculously cheap. But I am not sure if this winds up being a good thing. It seems to reflect upon the quality of people and we are suppose to be in town square! My food took way too long to come out, and somehow it arrived warm at best. The food runner appeared to be overwhelmed. The bartender told me they were out of one of the beers I asked for but later in the night I saw another bartender serve one. Seemed very unorganized and lack of communication between bar staff.Drunk bartenders and servers, with no sense of urgency to serve customers especially once the DJ starts going and it starts getting messy. This bar really brings the classy out, ( sarcasm ) come see foryourself and you'll be in for quite a scene.My bartender had to get a manager to take care of something on my check and this became a task. Two different bartenders had served me and I got charged two totally different prices even though happy hour was suppose to be all night. Apparently having a responsible manager readily available is not something this place values. The bartender seemed lost in his attempts to find a manager like he didn't even know where to look. Finally a small girl appeared in plain clothes and a less then professional demeanor to take care of it. Looks like this place is well on it's way to another failed attempt at making this cursed location a profitable good bar.
4	My review is strictly based on the nightlife scene, not the venue as a restaurant. When you walk up the entrance, you get carded by a security guy.  The two different ones I've seen were both nice.  There are hostesses as you walk in, and most of the previous reviews nailed it when they described the hostesses as spacey and just not all there.  Now when I go, I just bypass them and go in and find a seat at the bar.  The first night I was in here, they had JUSt opened and it was beyond crazy.  Luckily our bartender, Khara, was superb and fast and we never really had to wait long for drinks.  The second night I came with a big group and hung out in the patio area, which was awesome!  The bar was consistently slammed but as we waited people eventually left, opening up seats at the bar.  I think for such a busy place, they could probably do without seats at the bar, but it worked for us!  The bartender was awesome and got us our first round.  It was kind of slow to get drinks, but not moreso than anywhere else that is extremely packed. Overall, I think McFadden's is a great place to come when you want to go out drinking with your friends and don't feel like venturing out to the Strip.  It's always good to meet people.  It's fun and crazy and casual. I like it!
2	Like Ranch House Kitchen and Cadillac Ranch before it, McFaddens provides a mediocre bar experience but now with a Irish twist.Nothing seems to be able to stay open at this spot above Yard House in Town Square. McFadden's itself is pretty huge but instead of marketing itself as a restaurant/bar it feels like they try to be a club instead. On most weekend nights you can see a long line of people forming outside the entrance. I think most of them couldn't get into at Blue Martini or didn't wanna pay cover at Stoney's and figured Mcfaddens was the next best thing.Inside you can try and get food off their menu if you find someone to serve you. The drinks are overpriced for the venue and for what you get. Beers come in around $8 and cocktails are a few bucks more. You can get a wider selection of brews downstairs at Yardhouse and better drinks at Blue Martini.During my last visit I was thinking about ordering a drink from the bar but was too afraid of having it kicked into my face by the random women that are allowed to dance on the counter. Apparently the people playing beer pong don't mind scooping a filthy ping pong ball off the dance floor. Im sure the water cup sanitizes it just fine.The place can get sweaty and muggy but the outdoor patio is nice, remember to come early to secure a good seat outside. Also for whatever reason they can only split a check once so large groups beware!
1	I have been here on 3 separate occasions and have been avoiding writing a review as I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately they just can't save themselves. On the first occasion I was there at beginning of Happy Hour. Despite the fact that hardly anyone was there the service was painfully slow and drink orders came back incorrect. Also sorting out the check at the end was a challenge in itself. On another occasion I was there to watch a football game in the middle of the day and had to wait over an hour before someone even offered me a menu or glass of water let alone taking my order. The only reason I got a menu was that I almost had to physically restrain a duty manager to get her attention. As aside the "manager" did not really present a professional image for the establishment as she looked liked she had just rolled out of bed. I found out that one of the alumni groups who had chosen McFaddens as their home base during football season have abandoned the place after only 3 weeks because their members have been treated so poorly and complained so much. I was originally looking at this place to host a client event but there is no way that I would take that risk now. I don't know if management here ever take notice of feedback because they seem content to lose customers hand over fist. At the end of the day girls in skimpy clothes do not make up for crappy service and ineffectual/non existent operational management. It is a shame because the layout and venue is so promising. I can only assume that they make a whole lot of money from drunk people on Friday and Saturday nights and don't give a crap about anybody else.
1	Wow!!! Seriously!?!?!? We got here at 6:10pm placed our order at 6:20 and our food came out at 7:15?????? The food came out and the orders were wrong and the food was blah!! No bueno, the drinks were garbage and the waitresses lacked in knowledge and they were slow!! The management lacked in the skills to handle our complaints. Oh well 6 customers that will not be coming back !!
1	This place has the WORST service. My friends waited over one hour for their food which the wings were the wrong type and the nachos didn't have the chicken. And it only came because we asked 3 times about it. I ordered a Stella, which I drink frequently, it was more of a coors light for sure. The waitress said she watched it being poured. I ordered another type of beer and didn't drink the other beer she gave me. When she took it away she said nothing about taking it off the bill. Also when the manager or acting manager came to the table she was nice but she was wearing daisy dukes..... WHAT ??  Two frozen margaritas came as she was there and it was all water not frozen. Finally the chicken Nachos made it back to the table but after finishing all other good the correct wings never made it so we canceled those. Then we had been finished for a good 20 mins and still no check. Take this advice and go to one of the other great establishments in town square and AVOID this place and their TERRIBLE service !!
2	For another bar in Town Square, this one is ok. Lots of room and three or four different bars. We sat at the outside bar since it was such a nice night. Not very crowded for 9 o'clock on a Saturday. We had hopped from Blue Martini next door and that was definitely more crowded than McFadden's. Although not a lot of people, there were lots of bartenders and hosts and hostesses. I felt like they were socializing more than serving since there weren't too many people. Sometimes I feel uniforms in the service industry are very sexist and not fair to the lady customers. While our female server was in a plaid schoolgirl skirt so short I can see her cheek bottoms, our not-so-bad looking male barback was in a t-shirt. Can't they dress up the men every once in awhile so that us ladies can get some eye candy instead of measuring ourselves up to the waitresses...I'll get off my soapbox now.Anywho, it was ok. Would rather hang next door or downstairs. They would have to have a great event in order for me to return.
3	Great place to watch the game switch the boys. Televisions everywhere, lots of beer  and liquor selection, and good food. Try the Irish style fries with tater tots!
1	Where do I begin?! I'll start with the fact that I'll never waste my time on that joint again. We visited McFaddens at about 4pm on a Monday afternoon. Not exactly a busy time of day. There were approximately 4 tables sat in the entire bar. We were the fifth and they sat us behind a pole in the back of the restaurant. Apparently, it was 100 miles too far for the waitress because she took FOREVER to give us service. My husband ordered a Corona Light and I water. It took about 15-20 minutes for his beer to arrive and it was warm!  Then we ordered nachos with guacamole and beans, chicken wings and mozzarella sticks. Guess how long it took to get our food.....40 minutes!!! We were informed that no one realized there wasn't a cook in the kitchen. That's awesome management. Well, once they got that figured out, I think they put half a cook in the kitchen because our nachos had no beans or guacamole and the mozzarella sticks had leaked the cheese out the bottom. So, all we had was hollowed out bread crumb casings with a giant ball of cheese on the bottom. The food wasn't even good. It was a waste of calories. My husband dared to order another beer which took another 20 minutes. It came after the food was gone and it was also warm. It was happy hour but, who cares when you only get 2 drinks every seven days. The service was SO slow! She was nice but, slower than molasses! There were like10 employees roaming around and only 5 tables and it took us 1 1/2 hours to wait for food, drinks and service. At that pace, we could have enjoyed a nice fine dining meal. We can easily spend 1 1/2 hours in a bar but, that's when beverages aren't strapped to a turtle's back. I'm not a complainer but, save your time and money, at least in the middle of the afternoon.
2	I won't go so far as to my experience a total cluster F@#K, but it's pretty close.  I arrived after my friends so they already had a table and had been there a half hour and was still waiting on their first drink orders.  Once we tracked down our waitress (literally) she took our orders and disappeared yet again.  One of our orders came out in about 30 minutes, but the rest had to reorder once we tracked down our waitress...again!  It's hard to imagine but at Thursday Night Football I only saw 4 waitresses and to be honest, none were moving very fast or seemed interested in customer service.  I managed to get 1 beer in 3 hours with some of the smallest, blandest wings I've had the displeasure of ordering.   After all was said and done (tracking down our waitress a third time) to ask for our bill, she had to take our orders again as she couldn't remember what we had.  The atmosphere itself was decent, but the food selection, quality and overall service really bring the star rating down. We had a good time, but that was due to good company and nothing to do with McFadden's.  For once I will go so far as to say I don't plan on returning, but if I'm misfortunate enough to be back, I hope I can raise my star level to at least a 3.
4	This place is a great new bar in the Town Square complex. Friendly staff, decent bar food, and great deals on drinks. Goo spot to watch the games as well. Ask for Kris Mo at the bar.
2	The beers are tasty, though they've stopped serving them in beer glasses and serve them in these nasty plastic cups that look like glass till you pick them up and realize that it's not only plastic, but lipstick stains are included. Though that was kinda gross, the main reason I decided to write my review is the food. I came here when it first opened and I really enjoyed it. I ordered the Ahi Tuna with TARO CRACKERS, which is what the menu states. I absolutely loved it, until I returned to order it again and they bring out these wacky, grocery store crackers that made the dish look and taste cheap. The menu still states taro chips, yet they bring out a poorly prepared dish, which didn't have the same taste when using regular ole crackers. It was a real disappointment to say the least. My friend's margarita pizza was different from the first time too, though not as tasteless as the ahi. It's sad to see that they're changing things that are delicious just to save a few bucks. Wouldn't be surprised if it goes down the same path as Cadillac Ranch and that other one that closed so quickly I can't quite remember the name.
3	It's crazy how alot of the reviews of this venue are bad. In terms of a trendy sports bar, drinking shots, grabbing quick barfood and beers, socializing with my coworkers and friends whenever here, I have always enjoyed this venue as I get off work and have come here for some SNF and Thursday. They did seem low on staff but each time, the restaurant was not slammed when I come here so I guess the other reviews were when it's busy here. Nachos could probably use more meat as they definitely do not stiff you on the chips. The quesadillas were  big and taste great, as well as the cheese sticks and buffalo wings. It does suck too how when I was here last time they ran out of flat bread for my friend who wanted to order that. Knowing Yardhouse was downstairs, I was hoping they had a great beer selection as they are a trendy looking sports bar but they did not have many beers so they did not seem to put up half a competition against to sway others from going to Yardhouse. Hopefully management works out some of the kinks of some of the disgruntled yelpers on here so their rating goes back up and the venue doesn't end up like its predecessor Cadillac Ranch.
4	Pretty good restaurant-wise. Hostesses are young and when we went, not exceptionally friendly, but not rude either. All the girls are dressed in tiny skirts and ill-fitting tops. Our waitress was nice and so was the bartender when we got drinks while we were waiting for our seats. He suggested good drinks from their menu and his personal favorites. You could tell he was busy, but he wasn't rude and didn't rush us. Pretty nice overall.Menu wasn't huge but had some great-tasting burgers and appetizers. The regular nachos could have used more meat, but we didn't send back or anything. I wouldn't say I'll get a hankering to go back right away, but it's a good spot to meet friends or entertain a large group.
3	My review for this is based on the overall experience I had here last Monday. It was our first time with a group of 5 for Monday night football. I gotta say, we had so much fun! But no matter how many drinks I had that night, I gotta be real and dock a couple stars off. Their costumer service needs some work and getting the food out at a decent paste would have been nice. The burger was salty and I do not recommend the ahi tuna crackers. The nachos however were amazing. You definitely need a group of 5 to finish that bad boy. Besides the food and the service, everything else was amazing. The atmosphere was fun, plenty of seating, 2 bars, outside patio and all sorts of football fans in every corner! Happy hour until 7!
1	This place is aweful. Tried it out since it was happy hour and regretted it. The food was horrible, and the service was worse. The waitresses butts hang out of their pants so theres that. But if that is what you are looking for maybe you should just go to a strip club.the food will probably be better there anyways .
5	Best night in a long time ! Our server was great and had drinks and food coming out fast our server made sure we were good all night! Thank you Robin we will definitely come back for you to serve us again you are great! And great atmosphere!
1	Terrible! They promote $5 mimosa yet they ran out of champagne. They also serve beers and drinks in all sorts of varying glasses and cups. The service sucks and the food is terrible. I may even be sick tonight after eating a chicken sandwich. The place was also totally empty for Sunday football. We ordered food and it all came out at random times and the kitchen kept screwing up our order. We couldn't be more happy to finally get out of the place and move to another sports bar in town square.
3	WOW!! It's my first time here!! It's turnt up and ratchet! HAHAHA. It's a pretty freakin' big venue... We got drunk and had fun. Besides that I don't have much to say about it!
2	I started coming here when my favorite bartender from Blue Martini moved here. It's a bit college-y, but not really bad. They recently let him go, and coming here since then I've finally noticed that the service from anyone else is kind of crap.I'm sure its a fun scene for beer pong and such, but I like to drink with a bartender who knows my name.
2	Went on a Monday night drink specials were OK if a bartender would have taken my drink order. The blonde bartender would rather talk to guys instead of taken drink orders.  Ask for a manager and I was told he was to busy in the back of the house.  Ask three times and he never came out.    I would never go back.
5	Aww makes me sad to see the bad reviews!We came here because yardhouse was packed so we came here instead with a party of ten. Happy hour was AWESOME!! The prices are so amazing. Mans he appetizers were. Oh. My gosh. Delicious. And the main course? The burgers? Wow didn't expect them to be so amazing! I will so be coming back here. Oh and I didn't mention the amazing service. Best service I've had in a long time especially for a larger group of people at my table :) I'll be going back for sure!
2	I tried to find out how this is an Irish pub. I looked on top of the table, under the table, in the bathroom, around the corner and...nope...nothing. No sign of this being an Irish pub. Why can't Vegas stick to a theme? Why do we have to make everything trashy? I've been here on an early Friday and late Saturday. If you come here before 10PM, you can actually hear people and have a conversation. It's not too bad, but still doesn't feel like what a cozy Irish pub should feel like. After 10, the shit show begins. Obnoxious mainstream pop/hip hop music start to blare, ass grinding begins, beer pong happens and fights occur. If you want to have a conversation with your friends, forget about it. This place was meant to feel your friends, not hear them. I ended up shouting all night. I was trying to get a little buzz going to like the place more, but their drinks are watered down.On the bright side, their burgers are magical for the price and their hummus is on point. That's why I give this place 2 stars. One for the hummus and the other for the burgers.
2	I have been to every restaurant that has tried to make it at this location, and let me just say I don't believe this "Irish" Bar (if you can call it that) will break the jinx. My bad experience started the minute I walked in. I was naturally attracted to the large bar in the center of the main room. I sat down and took in the place. Quickly it became apparent that the only thing that made this place Irish was the name on the building. The happy hour menu was filled with US or Sysco food items that had nothing to do with Ireland but who cares if it's good right! So after taking in the place for about 15 solid minutes I was approached by someone I could only assume worked there because he was behind the bar. This large, but not necessarily over weight man was sporting a ball cap, a ripped blue shirt, a pair of khaki shorts and black sneakers with no socks. I had to use this in depth description because he, like the other people behind the bar were not wearing name tags.Anyway the large man quickly advised me that I was in the wrong seat because he was saving them for a few "hot chicks" that were coming in later. I looked around at the 8 other empty bar seats and paused to see if he was joking. But after hearing no laughter from him I tucked my tail under my legs and found a new seat. As I looked for another place to sit  I over heard the large man telling some regulars that  he had been up for three days. And that he was tired and needed a shot to wake up. But the odd thing was that even after a shot or 2 he was still tired. Weird! Once at my new seat I waited again to put in my drink order. A few minutes later my friend arrived and we decided to order from the happy hour menu. Which by the way is not bad! There are a ton of non Irish things to choose from and the price is right!  However, you have to hail down a bar tender if you want to order because they get distracted with one another and often get into deep conversations about God knows what. And once in these compelling discussions it takes a freight train with strobe lights to get their attention.After ordering we discovered that the food was good and the beer was cold. We found it refreshing that the kitchen was on top of it and made this reviewer's score move from a 1 star to a solid 2 star. The night went at the same pace and after visiting the dirty bathrooms we made our way home. I hope the owners are looking at these reviews and acting on them. If that is the case below are a few things that might help your business succeed:1. Hire a manager that can keep the staff focused on the guests. 2. Provide uniforms and make sure they are consistently worn. 3. Insist that every one who comes in contact with guests are wearing name tags. 4. Find Irish food items to place on the menu. 5. Give your staff a day off so they are not tired. 6. Never let your staff drink on the job!P.S.  those hot chicks...never showed up! ;)
2	My Review is Primarily Based On the Place as a restaurant and Service.  I came in for the World Series and the Place was a ghost town.  The serivce was sloppy like they weren't even trained. Wrong Drink 4 Times, 30min delay between Drinks once, and the food was microwaved crap.  I had come here a week prior for Ladies Night and the crowd was upbeat and everyone was having a blast.  Come here for the Bar at Night ONLY.  They Have beer pong and multiple bars with an outside area and is a lot of fun, BUT DO NOT COME HERE TO EAT.  One of the Worst Dining experiances I have had and I used to be a server so I recognize the bad program they have here.  They should drop the FOOD asap.The girls here could make a lot of money if they got the drinks out faster.  I suggest they focus on that and this joint can make a killing!!!!!  I love the location and layout...
5	Located in Town Square, this is fun place, great service, fantastic Happy Hour! Plus scantily clad waitresses (that's for those of you who don't care for a fun place, great service or a fantastic happy hour). I also must mention the Burger Of The Week, this is the chefs creation. The one I had featured a deep fried mac and cheese patty on top of the burger!!! This cat is not fooling around. Another feature if you join the Town Square Loyalty Club you get a discount, plus points toward great prizes. So what the devil are you waiting for?!?  Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Worst service. Ever. Every time. I have been here several times to eat on my lunch breaks. The food is delicious (that's why I gave it 2 stars) but the service is terrible. And consistently terrible. I love the food and that's why I keep coming back, but soon I may need to stop giving them chances. Today while trying to ask the bartender if she could grab my waitress so I could tell her I missed something on my order, she looked right at me, shook her head and said "no".I couldn't believe it...but then again...I guess I'm not really surprised. I hope management realizes what a great place this could be but unless they get their customer service in line, this place will close down due to the terrible reputation.
4	Held several college and alumni group events of 30+ persons here, usually around lunch time or during Happy Hour. The food and service were outstanding and everyone had a great time. Kid friendly until later at night when the young crowd takes over. Take advantage of the half-price Happy Hour 4-7 pm, which is easy on your budget. There are also catered food items which work well for group events, but order early. Servers and managers are very accommodating and flexible for our group events.
1	This place sucks!  It's strictly for 20 year olds.  Anyone in the 30's and over looks there age and then some creepy too.  Ha!  Huge spot great if it was not just for kids.  Bummer for the 30 & 40 yr old crowds that are locals. Never going back EVER!  Went in 12/2013.
1	Horrible service from hostess, bartenders and waitress. As a side note I didn't enjoy the plastic pint "glasses" for beer. Go someplace else.
2	Great place with a ton of potential, but sadly they are falling short of what it could be. I really enjoy the building and the atmosphere they are working for. They have a great staff for the most part but...They have the manager playing bartender taking shots with guests wearing gym shorts and a basketball jersey.  As a manager he should dress more professional or at least like an adult. The cheap gas station drink blenders sitting on the bar are tacky and ridiculous.  Something you expect to see in a college dive bar not in Town Square. The place is ran like a back ally dive bar.  Making no surprises every time I have come they are dead and the "Yard House" located just below Mcfadens is packed out.
1	I had low expectations walking in here. I had read the reviews and had my friends tell me avoid the place.  I was willing to give the place a chance and what better than happy hour?  Right I mean staff should be on top of things and  there should be a good crowd on a Saturday.Boy was I wrong... Place was empty (that should have been a sign to turn and run). But I sat at the bar and hoped it was just a off day. The service sucked , sucked , sucked .  The drinks and food was over priced for happy hour. Sure they are packed on ladies night but if a "Irish" bar has to resort to giving away the house to survive then it's not a Irish bar.  Hell the barmaid mixed up my drink twice and then told me she didn't normally work happy hour so she had no clue what was on offer and then seemed pissed off that she wasn't working a good shift. Trust me I know about Irish bars. I was born and raised in Ireland . I've lived in vegas since 97 so I've seen all the bars come and go, and unless the owners (not the management ) does something this pub is not going to last.  I won't be back and neither will any of my friends.  If you are going to town square , hit yard house or the English bar on the same level as this bar. Or if you want a decent Irish pub hit up RiRa at Mandalay bay and ask for junior or fitzy.  Locals get 40% off food on Fridays.  Sorry mc f's you are more of a plastic paddys pub than a real Irish pub, fix your menu staff and pricing not to mention your atmosphere it's like walking into a cave (not a good cave either like the bat cave, more of a the hills have eyes cave).
1	If I could give a zero for this place I would but unfortunately there is not an option for that deserving score.  We arrived around 6pm with a group of friends and we're hoping to enjoy their happy hour. Well no luck there due to the exceptionally slow service, which was puzzling because the place was somewhat empty.  The waitress did her best to disappear and avoid her job of serving her customers as well as bartenders ignoring you as you stood at an empty bar trying to get their attention and order a drink since the waitress had disappeared.  The food was average at best, overpriced, and took forever to arrive.  The bill got totally screwed up and I think the waitress lacked basic mathematical skills.  As for this being an "Irish pub" well do not believe that misnomer.  The only thing that makes this resemble an Irish pub is the name.  I highly recommend avoiding this place and go elsewhere to enjoy your evening.  Perhaps if you're younger and do not know any better, this place may be cool or whatever.  However if you're somewhat of an experienced pub, bar, or restaurant patron this place will definitely disappoint you if you're looking for an Irish pub experience.
4	This is a great addition to Town Square and a big improvement over Cadillac Ranch. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The food is delicious and the servings are more than ample. Besides our server, quite a few of the staff stopped at our table to see if we needed anything. Do yourself a favor and give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
2	I'm still relieved to see that the mechanical bull is gone, but other than that, it looks like things have gone swiftly downhill since the first time came around. Food? Unspectacular. Drinks? Ordinary. Service? Unrefined. If I'm looking for an adult beverage in Town Square, I'm likely to go elsewhere.If I'm looking for an Irish bar, I'm definitely going elsewhere.
2	After party buzz kill! Finding parking was nearly impossible on the weekend we went. The place was packed and feeling somebody's breath is not my idea of a good time. The floor was sticky, gross and smelly. There was spilled drinks and glasses and food tray on the floor.I was so disgusted to even eat or drink. I did not have a good time here no matter how hard I tried. The music was alright. From house to old school hip hop/ rnb. The crowd was anywhere from preppy, hipster, slutty to hip hop and Jersey Shore-ish. Really.We walked around, danced a bit and found a spot to chill. I wasted 2 hours of my life here. If it wasn't for friends, I wouldn't be here. Weird and awkward vibe. Ugh!
4	Since writing the last review, I've found another bartender at the outside bar that's pretty great.
3	Good service for me,pretty good food and massive portions.....fried pickles were good,burger was great....ceasar salad needed more flavor,nacho's were massive but could use less chips and more toppings (and better cheese).....happy hour drinks were strong and good.All in all a good place to go and will for sure be back.Good prices and good quality,fresh food.
4	I'm not sure why this place has so many bad reviews, but I will continue with mine.I came here on a Saturday night after a friend's dinner - my other friend invited me for half off drinks. It's located right above Yard House near the Rave Theaters which helps with parking if you parked near H&M. Anyways, the music here is a mix of everything! I love variety. The happy hour menu was alright, but disappointed me because my favorite drink, AMF, was not on the menu. The crowd here is aimed towards the young crowd, but that's fine with me. The dance floor is pretty much wherever you make it and you can even play beer pong. They have an outside patio which allows for more conversation amongst people.All in all, I will definitely be back here.
1	Poor McFadden's. They have honestly gone down hill. I came here for Happy Hour on a Friday night, and was severely disappointed. Their Irish nachos are the best, but... The service was so terrible I lack the words to express my disappointment. It took forever to have someone take our order, let alone bring us our drinks. We watched as the waitress asked another table if the food we had ordered was theirs. We Didn't receive an offer to refill our drinks, just plopped our food down and walked away. Next we ordered another appetizer. Once again the waiter wandered around the dining room, searching for our table. The poor guy had to go ask someone in the back, then proceeded to give our food to other guests. To top it all off, the worst of the worst. The waitress TOOK FOOD off of THE OTHER TABLE and put it in front of us. Really!? REALLY!?!?! Disgraceful, Let alone disgusting! I will never  give this place my money again. In the words of Doge, "Such disappoint. Much anger. Wow."
2	It's a mess at McFadden's, and even has the delightful, pungent smell of vomit in some places. Many friends come here to drink and hang out; we also hang to crowd the overused bathrooms! Bartenders can be forceful and crabby, but they can remember your drink at least. Sometimes they direct you to waitresses, who are hard to find!!! I only saw one the entire night. They let guests dance on the bar to the weirdest songs. The crowd is odd; mostly young people, but some old ones, too! Don't forget the crazy overpriced food!! If you couldn't win prizes fun prizes here, everyone would just pass this place by! It's that bar where you reminisce about the college parties you used to have, since mostly college kids spend their days here!
1	Can I give a no star?  First and last visit!My friends dragged me in on a Friday night right before 6:30 pm, something about 'Irish Nachos' and the experience was dreadful.  From the waitress with nothing to do who looked our way and fled in a different direction to the group of staff with the 'lalalalala...don't see you' expressions on their faces.  I kept looking for the people from Mystery Diners because really?really?!I wanted to leave right then because I really hate bad customer service.  My friends convinced me to tough it out for the first round of drinks but decided I was right when the waitress dropped the plate of  Irish Nachos to the table hard enough to make the food jump.  You had 5 customers who walked in the door with the intent of ordering drinks, appetizers, and dinner and you had 5 customers leave after 5 drinks and one plate of Irish Nachos at happy hour prices. I won't be back.
1	This place used to be a lot of fun but has recently gotten way too overcrowded! I used to come here with my friends a lot but the past couple weekends has been insane. We went on one of the nights they had wristbands. My friend got the gold one which meant free drinks for her and we got the regular wrist bands - 50% off.. still an amazing deal! It just sucked that they were so packed. It was difficult to order drinks on multiple occasions because there's always so many people at the bars. It's also impossible to walk around because it's so crowded! The dance floor is also hard to move around! The music wasn't always so great though. It was always a mix of 80s-90s hip hop with a couple current hits mixed in. Very strange to dance to but it was still fun. I miss the old days before this place got so popular but I guess that's good for them.
3	This place used to be really fun to go to but now that it has been hella crowded. It's the new spot for everyone now. Every time I go here now it's like packed sardines in a can.With that being said, their fishbowl drink is pretty good. It's a good size. You can share with friends and it's only $25.They always have these contests where you can win open bar and your friends drink half off.
1	My friend and I were charged 20$ entry fee. On 2-8-14.  Which wouldn't have been a problem except that all other locals were charged 5$. After finding out from Mcfaddens security that this was a "thug" fee from the contracted company paid for managing the front door entry. After requesting to speak to management and being ignore for over 45 minutes waiting I truly hope you don't do this to other minorities visiting your establishment.Shame on you Mcfaddens!Not the best way to treat loyal locals!
1	I went to this dump on Friday 02/08/2014. Actually it was the morning of Saturday 02/09/2014 at 1:00am. I wanted to just walk through and have a few drinks and see if there was any attractive women at the bar. I was met at the door by what appeared to be some sort of bouncer. He was the most unfriendly bouncer I have ever met at a door. He asked for my ID, and after he inspected and found I was clearly 21 he mumbled "$20 cover charge." I said, "WHAT?" He repeated "T-W-E-N-T-Y D-O-L-L-A-R-S!!!" What a punk. I said "no thank you, I wouldn't pay O-N-E D-O-L-L-A-R especially after being spoken too like that.." I will never go back. I am guessing this place will be closed within 6-12 months if they don't change how they treat people.
3	So my friends and I did a ladies night out and this was our first stop. I used to come here when they were still inside the Rio. This was my first time at the new location. It's very spacious and the three times bigger than the old one, which is awesome.  They have a bigger bar and more tables.  The tables though were only for those who reserved one though, which kinda sucked.  With as many as they had (and empty too) it would have been nice if they had allowed us to use one. There was about 5 of us and we tried, but they said we had to wait until a certain time to see if anyone showed up for them, so we just stuck to the bar. They didn't have enough bartenders and it was hard getting a drink, but once we it was good. We also tried some of their food, which was cooked well and tasted great. By the time we got ready for our second round of drinks we noticed there was an increase in prices for the exact same drinks we previously ordered. When we asked the bartender why she couldn't really tell us. After a few minutes of one of my friends going back and forth over this the bartender gave her a discount. By that time I decided I didn't want another drink. I was a little put off by it and their attitudes weren't very friendly either. The bartenders at the old location were friendly and down to earth. The ones from last night seemed a bit stuck up and unapologetic. We never had an issue like this before, at any bar. I can't say that I won't be back, but I really hope that our next visit is a lot better. The McFadden's atmosphere is usually epic. Last night was good, minus that one hiccup, and the music/dj was great as well.
2	This place is more like McSadden...we walked in, there was not anyone at the front, there was a group of like 8!sitting outside & two tables inside.  There were two people at the bar, the rest of the place was dark with chairs on the tables & back inside bar.  We should have turned around & walked out but instead our direction took us deeper in.  Finally we saw an employee other then the guy behind the bar who never acknowledges us.  We were told that it was open seating and to sit anywhere.  After a long 5 minutes a girl finally came by and took our drink orders.  She was back fairly quick, no surprise there with our drinks.  I asked if they had corned beef & cabbage being that St Patricks day is coming & she replied no.  I asked her what kind of an Irish place was this to not have that?  When she finally stopped laughing she just shuffled her shoulders & said sorry.There is nothing special about this bar food place.  If not for the unlimited happy hour until they go out of business, I don't believe they would have any business.  After we were done with less then impressive bar food, we left & noticed every place around them was packed.  Like I said, we had plenty of opportunity to run but we did not. The last kicker, the place below then which is NOT an Irish place is advertising corned beef & cabbage starting the 14th.  This place I am not sure as even the waitress did not know. Its a great place for a drink & that is about it.The kicker, I had to go to the bar to ask to pay as our waitress disappeared in the back and never came back after dropping off the bill.
1	Slow unaware rookie bartenders & staff in general, more concerned about taking shots than helping customers, definitely do not recommend this place.
1	Security guard (older man) was a total a**hole! I had ONE question for him and he interrupted me mid-sentence and put his hands on me for NO REASON! Excuse me but I am a grown woman not a little child getting drunk here! Treat people with respect! I just wanted to ask something real quick. F THIS PLACE! It's is super TRASHY, crappy drinks, DIRTY INSIDE, and to top it off security were jerks??? No way, no how will I ever go here again and neither should you. It's a bunch of 21 years olds that are sloppy drunk and trashy. I pray this place goes out of business. McFadden's is a big NOPE!!!!
1	Last night we attended an event for Project Teddy, a local charity for children's cancer. It was a prearranged cocktail crawl in Townsquare, Mcfadden's was our third stop. When we walked in the door they would not honor the drink tickets that were part of the purchase of your ticket for the evening (one drink at each stop). They said that the manager who had approved the event had been demoted to a cook so they wanted to charge five dollars per person to Project Teddy for the 110 people that were in the group. Needless to say we all got up and walked out immediately. This event is for children suffering with cancer and McFadden's management wanted to make money on it over and above the money they were going to make from the food and beverage orders that people would have placed had we stayed there. I will never go to there again.
2	Food was decent. The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars. Service was terrible! This place has an identity crisis. They can't decide if they want to be a restaurant or a nightclub. We arrived just after 9 pm for dinner, and right about then they become a nightclub. This place is in a shopping mall so my friend had a Bath and Body works bag and they weren't sure if she should be allowed in or not. Our server took our order and brought our check. A runner brought our food and drinks and she never checked on us at all. We requested napkins and were never given any. Bouncer refused to take our photo. Such a joke. I reminded him he works at McFadden's in a mall, but he said he couldn't. The DJ played early 90s music, which is our genre. Even though the crowd was considerably younger. They could've made a bigger tip off us than anyone in the place, but didn't pay us much attention. Will never return. And will expect a different place in a few months, as per usual for this location.
4	If you want cheap food, nice music, and drinks with friends.. this is the place to go at Town Square! I always come here to have a nice time with friends. They have booths to sit down if you just want to have a nice conversation with a friend or a dj setup booth with a dance floor if you want to get down and dance! I go here for there delicious fishbowl drinks! I cant say which flavor I like.. i love them all! You cannot taste the alcohol at all. Its so sweet and so delicious. Its perfect for a nice, warm, summer night to cool off!This is a must-try local bar! Remember, drink responsibly!
2	The weekend crew is good. Tuesday around 7pm not so snappy. Sticking to the weekend program.
5	I went to mcfaddens and then came back because i won a happy hour i had so much fun with my friends . Such a nice atmosphere ,good music and drinks . Will be back again
3	Huge bar/restaurant. This location has changed from Cadillac Ranch to some country kitchen style place and now McFadden's. Great happy hour deals until 7pm weekdays, 9pm Saturday. Mostly bar food, not a lot of English/Irish pub food. The hot pretzels are tasty. The burgers start at $5 and are really good. Short skirts on the waitresses and plenty of space for large groups makes it perfect for hanging out with friends. Blue Martini is right next door so you might be able to catch stray cougars who struck out over there.
1	This place is horrible! They have a ridiculous cover charge and after 11 they have somewhat of a dress code. This is a bar not a multi million dollar nightclub. The security staff that work the doors have a sense of great power, holding the line up to their discretion when not anywhere near capacity. My friend showed up exactly at 11 and wanted to charge him cover and not let him in because he had a t shirt on like the rest of us already inside. Captain save the day doorman said he would let him in for a $20 tip, seriously?! The drinks are hard to get due to the lack of service and when you finally do get one, it's served in a small cheap flimsy plastic cup that is full of ice and completely watered down. Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money somewhere else that deserves your business. This location has been a failure multiple times and it looks like mcfaddens will not be here much longer with the way they run their business.
5	I love mcfaddens. I ALWAYS have a good time here. Too much of a good time. The service here is awesome! Bartenders are fast paced for the crowd and you can dance on the bars too- if you're a girl! Hahaha
4	I will be the first to admit that I used to not be a fan of McFadden's, but times have changed and now I enjoy coming here with friends! If you need some air then step right out onto their patio. Two beer pong tables are located near the back on week days and on the elevated area to your right during weekends. The food is your typical bar food so there's nothing amazing about it, but it's still decent eats. However, the Fried Mozarella Sticks with their spicy marinara sauce is delicious.Favorite bartender? Fonzie! He will do shots with you! Ryan is also one of my favorites. Every person that we've had take care of us has been nothing short of friendly, fun, and talkative. I love the remixes that they play here and it always has me dancing!*** News!Wednesday nights are now Ladies' Nights as of 05/14/2014. Complimentary well drinks and domestic beer for the ladies after 9 PM!
1	Ive come to Mcfaddens a couple times due to their cheap drinks and have had the same horrible experience with servers every time! This time, the bartender didn't like the tip my friend left (which was the standard of a couple bucks per drink) and blew her whistle and continued to call my friend out on it in front of the whole bar!! She's lucky she even got a tip after making us wait for half an hour while serving people who just walked up to the bar after me when i was obviously there before them. The bartenders here act like total mean girls and its a very unpleasant experience. They bully customers and act so unprofessionally. No wonder nobody tips them. They're all a bunch of nasty mean girls. I'd give negative stars if I could.
1	Waitress was very nice... Aside that, food was thumbs down :-(  We had the veggie burger, chicken fingers, and Irish nachos (tater tots).   Avocado on veggie burger was brown and "burger pattie" was slippery/slimey, lettuce on side salad was wilted,   chicken fingers were okay, tots were for my brother he said they were ok. We also never got actual silverware lol. A lonely fork came on the plate of my salad.   Idk why when  certain places don't give you your full change back either. Our bill was 30.81$, I gave her 100$, I got 69$ back when the receipt states  69.19$...where's my 0.19$..... Just saying. No big. Okkkk. TVs are literally the only reason it attracted us.
4	Came in for some appetizers, stayed for about an hour. The bartender was very polite, knowledgable and most important -honest and had a sense of humor. Food was a 4/5, service was 4.5 / 5. We'd come back here during our next trip out.
1	Just tried this location at Town Square. For a Saturday night with the UFC fights on all the TVs, this place was dead. Not a good sign for this location. Unfortunately, I don't have high hopes for this place based on the food and service, both of which were really bad. My wife has the fish and chips, and the fish was overbattered and overcooked. The fries are 'meh'. I had the Shepherd's Pie, which is served on a skillet with a covering of mashed potatoes. Wasn't very tasty, and the serving size is really small for $15. I do not recommend it. My Guinness was served in a stange (a slender cylinder for the non-beer drinking crowd). The glass was labelled "Fosters". I have never in my life seen Guinness served in a stange, and it was a bad look for an Irish bar. The worst thing was that the bartender didn't let the Guinness settle at all, just a straight pour to the top. Ugh. That is a sin in any bar, but it's crazy poor service for an Irish bar. Our waitress appeared to be having a bad day, and she was inattentive and unfriendly.  The only worker that was pleasant was the guy that brought the food to the table. I really cannot recommend this place. There's a Yard House downstairs from this place if you're looking for an alternative at Town Square.
2	I feel like it won't be long before this establishment is on the list of failed restaurants that have previously occupied this same space.The service is not there, the food isn't appetizing.There are other options to choose from within Town Square- I wouldn't recommend McFadden's as one of my faves.
1	Wow walk in side door with stamped wrist and got hands put on me. Find new personel. Weak.
2	I wanted to love McFaddens!!  Been 3-4 times and it's a wash, some were good and some were bad. I won't be back! Annie is awesome, Vincent is a straight up dick. Consistency would make this place great, not quite there. Depends on the night. Go at ur own risk.
4	Free appetizer! Service is good and the place is pretty neat looking. Not the best food but it's a pretty fun bar restaurant to hang at
2	Sad, 6:30 in the evening and 6 people at the bar.  Literally half the place is closed, lights off.  Beer is cool, not cold.  Bartender is ok and food is fair at best.  Clearly their days are numbered.  For as slow as they are the bar is well stocked and they have "all day" happy hour with $3.00 draft beer.
1	On a recent trip to Las Vegas we were going to attend a special midnight showing at the AMC Town Square Theater.  After a long day at a local convention, we decided to head to the theater early and chose a place to eat that was near the venue.  Once we arrived the decision was made to eat at McFadden's Irish Pub, since several members of our group of 8 loved it when it was located at the Rio.  Since there is no better endorsement than from close friends, we decided to give it a try.We arrived around 9:00 and sat at a high-top table near the bar and dance floor.  The eight of us crowded around the table, took our seats, and were greeted shortly by Tanya, our server.  She took our drink orders and brought them back shortly and took our food orders.  By 9:15 she had taken our dinner orders.  It is worth noting that this group of eight hadn't eaten since lunch.20 minutes later we started wondering about our food.  No one ordered anything special or difficult.  It's a pub, so the food isn't terribly complicated.  There were a few burgers, nachos, and chicken wings.  Nothing fancy.30 minutes later we continued to wonder about our food when we noticed that other tables around us who had food orders hadn't received their orders, either.  By this time it's 9:45 and not only are we very hungry, but we're starting to get unpleasant (this group of eight hasn't eaten since lunch).  Tanya came around and offered a round of drinks on the house (thank you!), but the fact that food still wasn't on the table is the actual issue at hand.  By this time several of us were getting low blood sugar and getting what my wife refers to as "food headaches".  Irritability starts to set in.At 10:00 two things happened to make this dining experience worse.  1)  The lights were dimmed to the point that you could barely see what was in front of you and 2) the music was turned up.  WAY up.  Like, to 11.  At this point talking to the person next to you was an exercise in futility.At about 10:10 food started coming out...for other tables.  While there seemed to be a moratorium on food for the better part of an hour, there were signs of sustenance ahead.  Meals were delivered, two or three plates at a time, to the table next to us and to a table that was seated after us, and one or two to our table, seemingly as a side note.  By the time the last meal was delivered to our table it was 10:25, meaning that the meals that were delivered previously had cooled down, but nothing was said because A) We didn't want to wait another hour for any problems to get fixed and B) We had a deadline we had to meet.There were no problems with any of the meals (aside from the cooling down of those delivered 15 minutes before the last one was), and everything tasted fine, despite not being able to see what we were eating.  We ate hurriedly, being unable to really enjoy our meals because of the completely unacceptable service time.  No sooner did my wife eat her last bite when she had to walk out of the establishment due to the volume of the music.We don't know what happened.  Did the cook just come in to work?  Did the kitchen staff take an abnormally long break?  Were they waiting on their supplier to deliver the food?   We were never given an explanation as to why the food was so delayed.Would I recommend this eatery to anyone?  Based on this visit, ABSOLUTELY NOT.  While Tanya was pleasant and did what she could, the real problem was out of her hands and lies squarely with the kitchen and the (lack of) management.  There are reasonable expectations that food delivery is going to be timely.  This Was Not The Case.There are reasonable expectations that the atmosphere will be conducive to enjoying your meal.  Exceedingly loud music and very low light made that rather impossible.As much as I'd like to give this establishment a great review, I simply can't.  Accurate orders and an attentive server don't make up for lousy service times and an atmosphere that's seemingly designed to keep diners away...or to drive them away to make room for the bar patrons.
3	We stopped in for drinks only.  We sat outside. It was really nice and they had the misters on to help with the heat. It was a nice atmosphere. We ordered a couple of beers. I love my beer really really cold. The beer here was barely cold. I think it sat at the bar for several minutes beforw the server brought them out. Very frustrating. But the atmosphere and service was pretty good. We will try the food next time.
2	Service was horrible when I went took forever to get a drink. bartenders were slow and unorganized practically only serving one side of the bar.  Security was also very rude.  Ladies night girls drink for free but id rather pay for my drinks just to get better service.
1	Warm beer..this place served our whole table warm beer. Bar stools tossed on the ground and forgetful staff. The only good thing was the Irish nachos which are tater tots.
3	Chill spot
2	Warm beer . Service not to friendly , just not on par.  Only benefit is ladies night and the drink specials on certain nights.
1	Place full of security guards who talks to everyone like they're second class citizens. When ppl aren't drunk at your dead ass bar, you don't need to yell at them. You can simply tell them "hey it's this way actually." This location has been renamed at least 3 times. This place will close down too like the others
5	Another Saturday night! Always a blast! Great deals on drinks! Music is good...college atmosphere...great place to watch games/fights...I love chilling on the patio at night...great for people watching too! Never a dull moment
3	Im on the fence with this place. Been here 3 times and never seems too busy.  Bartenders are nice and quick to grab your first drink but they tend to loose themselves in cleaning duties when the bar isn't packed.  Food was ok bar food  but leaves you wanting more.  I guess i need to show up on a busier night to really get a feel for the place.
2	I came here on a Tuesday night with a few other Yelpers.  The place wasn't very busy but there was a decent amount of people there.  We sat at the bar, the bartender asked for our order. I asked if they had any amber beers and was told no and was handed a beer menu.  For being an Irish pub, I was very disappointed with the selection of beers, with most of them being domestic.  I choose a Stella and it was not very cold. It looked as though they were having issues with their beer cooler, foam everywhere being dumped into buckets. Not sure what happened after we ordered but trying to get a bartenders attention after this point was nearly impossible. They asked everyone around us if they were good or needed something else. I actually had to wave my hand in the bartenders face to get his attention and he was standing right in front of us making a drink. At this point I do not plan on returning here.  There are plenty of other places I can get a cold beer and much better service.
5	I was a little iffy about going here first due to bad reviews, but whats life without some risks for the lulz! Maybe it was because we came in here when it was completely dead, relatively late in the afternoon but not late enough for all the party losers to come out. The service was great, our waitress was nice and checked up on us often. We had some questions about the food cause we hadn't eaten here before, and she was great with explaining what "Irish nachos" were. I felt the food was pretty great for just bar food, the Irish Nachos are tator tots covered in your standard nacho toppings, the chips and dip are a huge serving. For the entree we got a pizza, which was a flatbread with cheese and veggie toppings.Their music is a little weird (I could of sworn the name of the soundtrack was 'Worst Songs of the 90's' ) but I'm sure it suits the dudebro patrons that usually come into this place.If you like to drink at all hours of the day, like the badass I am, I recommend this place during it's quiet hours.
4	Went in last weekend for a Bloody Mary & some lunch with friends. Much to my surprise, bottomless BMs & mimosas for $20 on Sundays. The marble rye Ruben was awesome & the bartender had a great attitude. Or may be greatly different when football starts, but that remains to be seen. Well done.
1	We use to come to McFaddens a lot, but had crappy service the last time we were there a couple of months ago. I was there tonight with some friends for a birthday and I can honestly say that it was the worst service that I've ever seen. The waitress never came around to check on us, maybe every 40 minutes or so. So instead of ordering our drinks from her, we tried the bar, which was just as bad. Two of us were standing at the bar for around 30 minutes and never had a bartender get our drinks, so I just left. It was ridiculous to say the least. We were supposed to be going there next weekend for a bachelorette party and we will now be taking our service elsewhere.
1	Very bad service, over priced food & drinks. Rude slow waiters , we paid our bill with cash the waiter brought our change only gave cash she stated we don't give change we just give cash . "Sorry " I think that's against the law some how! Do not go here...
1	This place is a real class act! I wish there was a choice for no stars.I walked in to enjoy a beverage and the doorman said to another doorman;: "He looks pretty wasted!" Then asked me: "Where did you come from, Blue Martini?"Are you kidding me? I haven't had a single drink all night! I was coming in to meet my party of 8 after a really long day of work.I went to the Blue Martini next door and now we will enjoy a drink or 2 or 3 after being insulted by the rude staff at McFadden's!
1	If I could give less than 1 star I would. Expensive guiness beer for an Irish bar, no harp on tap or bottle. HORRIBLE service, possibly the worst I've ever encountered. Bad food, the service was so bad all we ordered were the mozzarella sticks but they and the fries they came with were obviously frozen and the marinara sauce was extremely watered down. Aside from all that, it took almost 30 minutes to get our apps and beer served with literally 5 other people in the restaurant. You won't see me going back and if you're looking for a place to drink or eat in town square-DONT GO HERE.
1	First time trying this place.  I really wanted to like it because I love English/Irish food.  Walk in the door and seated ourselves (as the sign suggested).  Sat in the booth and waited about 4-5 minutes without being greeted.  Then another guy and his son sat in the booth behind us.  Another few minutes goes by and the guy in the booth behind us gets drinks and orders before we have anyone come over.While we were waiting we noticed a good coating of dust along the booth wall railings, so my wife wrote her name in it.. ugh..We were about to leave, when the waitress finally arrived.  You could tell she doesn't like her job.  Ordered fish and chips for myself and the wife had a Ruben.  The place was pretty much empty except for the bar, so the food came out reasonably fast.My fish and chips, which cost $15 were three smaller pieces of cod in a basket.  When I pulled one out, it flopped over like a limp noodle.  The outside was coated in grease and the breading was slimy instead of crispy.  They looked burned (either that or the oil is really dirty).  I couldn't believe any self respecting chef or food cook would send that out of the kitchen to be eaten.I sent it back (the first time this year I've had to send food back).  I felt terrible about wasting good fish, but it wasn't edible.  I ate half of the wife's' Ruben (which was way more kraut/sauce/bread than beef).No doubt we'll not be back again, there are much better restaurants to chose from and this place isn't exactly cheap.
1	If you think about opening a tab in this place think twice. They misplaced my card for two days. They don't answer there phones, Brain the bar manager wasn't helpful, kept interrupting me when trying tell him the situation. When I insisted for him to check a second time(second time I had to drive down) he finally found my card and he immediately said it wasn't his fault.
1	Maybe I'm just not the typical 20 something that enjoys a shitty "Irish Pub". Ive been forced to come here on multiple work birthday parties, and can I just say, I really don't look forward to it. It's your usual packed bar with girls wearing almost nothing, dancing on the bar offering you $5 dollar shots of god knows what. It looks like the bar that every 21st birthday event would go down at. Funny enough it's located right in the middle of Town Square, a nice little shopping/entertainment center. If you like cheap beer and shots in a plastic cup, this is the place for you. "Dude, wanna hit McFadden's tonight and hopefully get a handful of STD's?" "Oh, for sure brrrro!" I love waiting 15 minutes to get some well whiskey and Bud Light! If you plan on puking on the floor and wishing you hadn't taken those instagram pics of you face planting on an indescribably filthy floor, come on down!
3	This place is ok...I got dragged out here by my co-workers for a going away party for one of our managers. Not sure who would pick this place when there's a Yard House downstairs! Guess this place is cheaper...Since there was a large group of us, we were put in a private back area that was super dark because there were barely any lights...between this private area and the main bar at the front was a large dark void of empty tables and chairs that they don't use because again who would pick this place when there's a Yard House downtstairs! The good news was that happy hour goes until 7 pm here so we had access to $3 beers and $5 apps even though we arrived after 5 pm on a Friday. The beer and food was also mediocre. The only redeeming quality was the waitress who was efficient in serving our large group by herself. It was also nice that we had our own TVs in this little open room to watch the World Series. Just wished they would have multiple channels on at the same time, instead of having all 6 of our TVs switched on the same baseball game!
2	This place tricks you with the idea of Irish treats. McFadden's definitely caught me at my weakest point. After a long day of meetings, running around Vegas to finish some errands, and a quick ticket drop. I was stuck at Town Square and wanted to eat and maybe catch some of the World Series. I stopped in to McFadden's because I wanted to try something new, and didn't want to spend a ton of money at Yardhouse, which is located directly below McFadden's. Walking up the stairs to the restaurant and seeing the place completely empty with a bustling and loud Town Square below should have been the one and only red flag I needed to leave this joint, but being the optimist I usually try to be in these situations, I passed the only twow patrons to this place and sat down. First thing to hit me was the smell. It was like the bar had thrown up, slammed a beer, and puked again. Great way to kick my hunger into high gear. Here's the kicker, it only came in waves. Slow moving waves of funk. Red flag number two. I ordered a drink and some food and took-in the place as I pretended to watch the baseball game. I noticed that this place is huge; three different bar areas, a very large empty dining room area, and a back & front patio for outside dining or smoking, I'm not 100% sure, but there may be been a drunk patron sleeping it off on the front balcony. When I asked if this place gets busy on the weekend, the bartender said its packed Thursday through Sunday, I find that hard to believe. My food finally arrived and I was both shocked and disappointed that for $9 I was only getting three chicken tenders, I had to order fries separately for around $6. The fries were good , but it takes a true talent to mess up fries. The chicken tenders were kinda of burnt and one of them was still raw inside! Yikes, thank goodness I decided to look before I chomped into it.I showed it to the bartender and he quickly took it away and brought me another single chicken finger. Yes. He brought me a single chicken finger. I thought this that was pretty weird and as I cut into this foul finger I could tell it had been totally ablitorated in the fryer and I left it on the plate. The bartender here wa s nice, but seemed clueless at times. I would definitely avoid this place even if the line at the Yard House is ridiculously long. Unfortunately, my phone recently died and I lost all of my photos. Therefore, no raw chicken pics, but maybe that's a good thing?
2	I visited McFadden's on a Saturday night, as part of a wedding after party. The bride and groom had arranged for us to have a large area in the back to sit, for 20+ people, but when we arrived there was seating for about 10. It took about 30-45 minutes to get the seating that we needed. When the server finally came by, she let us know that our drinks were all half price with our wristbands. The Irish Nachos and Blackened Chicken Nachos were good with plenty to share. Service was incredibly slow, even allowing for the fact that it was a Saturday night and that there were a whole lot of us ordering. When I was ready to settle the bill, I let the server know that my drinks weren't on there half price and she said that specialty drinks weren't included in the half price deal. I said it would have been nice if she'd told us that, no one knew that and she stated to several people that all drinks were half price, she just responded "sorry!". Needless to say I was unimpressed. It was a fun night, since we were there celebrating, but I wouldn't make a repeat visit.
5	With great music, reasonable prices, and a good location, McFaddens is definitely the place to be on a Friday night. I was invited here by friends for Halloween and although I'd seen the place many times while shopping at Town Square, I really had no expectations upon entering...Boy, was I blown away. 3 full bars, ample seating, and a deck area that wrapped around 3/4 of the building, it was awesome! Since it was a Halloween party, everyone was dressed in their 'costumes' and I use that loosely because most of the girls were half naked and most of the guys were either ninja turtles or cavemen. There was a guy dressed as a penguin and dancing with him was the highlight of my night, but I digress...Upon entering I was given a ticket for my first drink free. Now, if you've been in Vegas for a while, most clubs say 'your first vodka drink is free', this place was not specific so I ordered an Alabama Slammer and the bartender knew exactly how to make it. Also ordered 3 Heineken's ($21), 2 patron shots ($20),  got free shots because I danced on the bar, and played beer pong (no idea how much it costs, I was beyond hammered).Also ordered some hot wings which smelled amazing and tasted even better.The one thing I didn't really like was how small the dance floor was. There had to be at least 300 people in the building and the dance floor was like 4X4 lol. But its a pub, not a nightclub, so I'll let that tiny thang slide. Other than that a great place to hang out in a booth and people watch, lounge in one of the many comfortable seats on the balcony, or let your inner crazy person out and rage on top of the bar. I recommend wholeheartedly and will be visiting again. :-)
2	The only reason for the 2 stars is because I get a decent discount on the food and the portions are pretty big. Other than that, the service is the absolute worst here. No one ever acknowledges you. You constantly feel like you are intruding. You never know who actually works here because there are no uniforms or nametags to differ between a worker or guest. I haven't tried any drinks from here and probably will never do so. I feel like this location is just cursed. I have seen way too many businesses just come and go and every single one had poor service.
1	If your are a Black Male you are not welcome!!!  I went to bar after attending a UNLV basketball game and was dressed in Red and White attire to support my team.  After the game I went to McFadden's to attend a co-workers going away party.  When I got to the door the security guard told me that I could not come in because I was wearing too much "Red". He then told me he had trouble in the past with people wearing red.  As an Black man I knew that he was making this rule up to keep me out of the bar.  To get in the bar I had to show him my ticket stub from the game and a business card to prove I had a job, I'm sure know one else had to do that to get in last night.  The next day I went to the bar to inform the manager of my experience and a shift manager informed me that they have had this complaint a lot lately and he believes the doors guys are racist against black men I will never go to this bar again.  It's sad that they know their employees are racist and won't do anything about it.
3	At night is kinda like a club, it has a Frat party feel to it HaHaHa The DJ sucks, don't really know how to mix the music. Hate that there's a $10 fee to enter.
1	Will not go back ever again! Horrible customer service and food was mediocre and overpriced! I didn't like the fact that only the person in charge of putting soap in your hands was the only one who took good care of me!
5	Great place!  We had a really large meetup group here and I was kind of nervous organizing it but Gabriela went above and beyond accommodating our group!  It was a fantastic evening.  Good food, great prices, great set up.  Thank you!
2	All I have to say is...If for however long they continue to receive the amount of clients/traffic in their pub? Nothing will ever change. Service from the host to the bussers will continue to suck and suck and suck until eventually... one by one their client's are going to evaporate and all they will have left are friends who they let line jump to get in (even if you were waiting minutes before... Shady place).It is unfortunate because there are probably a couple of them who actually sincerely care for the guests (new and old). It's the ingenious securities who think they are slick trying to charge folks 20 dollars to line jump.. it's the ignorant bartenders who gave attitude to the winners that got selected by email to get half off drinks. "Oh, invite your friends!" They said, Big mistake. Why start a promotion you cant pride yourself in? I mean seriously? Why would you guys think it is okay to mistreat your customers? Look at your yelps! Its so sad, it is unfortunate. Such a grand idea but filled with workers who think they are a better bunch. I once viewed this place as a place where local industries go to relax, kill some time, but (pardon my french) fergalicious that!! I am no one, but you can count me out
