5	A large amount of gluten free options!!!!In all honesty we tried to go to Butcher In The Rye but they were full. I was told we would need to book a reservation two and a half weeks in advance. No thanks. We then remembered that Grit & Grace should be opening anytime so we went to check it out. Turns out they had, indeed, opened. I asked if they had any seats open. Turns out they have tables designated just for walk ins. I asked before being seated whether they had gluten free items. They said many things were gluten free or could be made to be gluten free. The lady at the door added that they took allergies very seriously. Food:Dim Sum: we ordered Steak Tartare, chips + dip, and scallop seviche. All were amazing. Chips plus dip was the best. Dinner:  he got beef short ribs. The sauce was mild. Not bland, not overpowering. Just right. I got the goat. So buttery. So flavorful. Please get this. You will love it. It has a very mild kick. If you dislike spicy foods I do not think this will bother you.
3	We decided to try Grit & Grace to kick off our restaurant week.  I was excited about the concept of this restaurant - American dim sum.  There is definitely nothing else like this in the Pittsburgh area.  Our server was great, he explained the process of ordering very well.  The dim sum appeared at our table, and we decided to try each one.  In addition, we ordered the steam bun (with house-made mortadella and pickles) and the brisket sandwich.  Each of the various dim sum dishes were good - the pork belly bites being the stand out.  I'm not quite sure the flavors were worth $5 a pop.  However, our two orders off the menu were fantastic.  The mortadella was a nice thick slice, and the pickles added an extra kick.  The texture of the steamed bun was great too.  I'd order that again.  After we consumed all the dim sum and mortadella sandwiches, we still weren't feeling satisfied.  So, we opted to order one more item - the brisket sandwich.  Our server raved over how amazing it was.  It definitely didn't disappoint.  I, personally, love Reuben sandwiches, which is what it really was.  My boyfriend thrown off a bit, expecting a slice of brisket with toppings, but after a taste he agreed it was great.  The ambiance of this restaurant reminds me of something in NYC, which I really enjoyed.  I'd like to reiterate how wonderful the service was.  Overall, I think it's a little overpriced for the portion size, but I'll be back in the future.  It's a really cool, unique place to bring out of town guests.
4	I enjoyed my evening there. The room is elongated, with 4 types of seating arrangements: bar, high table with (very comfy) stools, booths, and parallel tables. Avoid the tables at the back of the room if you can - given the organization of the room it looks a bit gloomy, and you are further from the bar action. Nice crowd, not too packed, good music not too loud. The drink menu is good, with a list of 7-8 cocktails. Those we tried ranged from good to excellent (white lady), and the wine/beer list is also substantial. The food was overall pretty good with a few misses. The highlights were 2 dim sums: a korea-inspired shrimp salad and a sashimi of scallop. Very fresh and tasty. The meaty dishes were good too: I enjoyed the short ribs (a variant on the traditional egg benedict, without the egg!), and the pork belly dim sum. It's a bit heavy however, with perhaps a bit too much of a quite rich sauce. The most notable miss was the vegetarian dim sum.Price wise, it's reasonable considering the quality and the kind of place it is supposed to be. we'll be back, for sure.
4	I went to Grit & Grace on Friday for a colleague's goodbye celebration. I thought the cocktails were solid, the vibe was energetic, and the service spot on. But I'd give the dishes I ordered only 3 stars. So I bumped up my rating to 4 stars.I'd definitely go back. The ladies sitting right next to me ordered what looked like an awesome spread with a lot of vegetarian options and from the looks of it, they really enjoyed it. I may have ordered the wrong dishes which were the spicy prawn papaya salad and mortadella steam buns. The papaya salad was really bland and lacked the pungent goodness of fish sauce. I'm familiar with this salad from my days traveling in Thailand, so I was a bit disappointed when the dish delivered such lackluster flavor. Loved that it was served with whole prawns though.The mortadella steamed bun frightened me because it looked like a slab of spam between a bun. Ouff.  The flavors were tasty nonetheless, but as the saying goes "you eat with your eyes first".
3	I was very excited to go to Grit and Grace, however I felt a little let down. The ambiance is wonderful, and this is certainly a great place to hold a conversation.  But the food often sacrificed taste for the sack of novelty and cuteness.  I ordered the brisket, which was a very playful take on a Reuben Sandwich. That's fine, if you knew that's what you were getting.  The desserts were the same way...smoked apple crisp with crumpled cheez-it topping.  Fun and tasty, just not completely satisfying.  The concept of American Dim Sum is fascinating, but the Dim Sum menu was limited to 6 items, I was expecting more variety.  But if you think about it, how different is what they are doing from Tapas/small plates.  This is a very playful and inventive restaurant, it's just that the food was not as good as I was hoping for.
2	DISCLAIMER: THIS IS NOT A "DIM SUM" restaurant by any means. I think the restaurant took the concept of Dim Sum/Tapas and thought they could get away with it.This place was mixed bag for me. The good stuff was REALLY good, and the bad stuff was REALLY bad. Typically my reviews are broken down into Venue, Food/Drink, & Service. This time I've chosen to do what I found to be:THE GOOD: - This restaurant screams "swanky, downtown joint" for a date or small get together with friends.  It's got a good vibe with good music and low buzz. It's small so don't expect too much noise.- The CRISPY PIG FACE ROULADE. Delicious. It will feed one.- The PORK BELLY BITES - incredibly savory and yummy.- Service. Every server that came to our table was friendly and accomodatingTHE BAD:- The "dim sum" plates have 2-3 pieces on them. One of the dim sum plates we ordered was basically a table spoon of cole slaw (aka noodles). The dim sum portions are NOT worth the $5 you're paying.- The BRAISED DAIKON, CRISPY TOFU, BABY BOK CHOI... dish. Imagine the size of one square of tofu cut into four pieces. That's how much tofu you get. Also if you're hungry, you will not be able to share this (contrary to what the menu describes as "For Sharing, small, and large").Basically we paid an arm and leg to eat nothing. I felt like for the amount of food we got it was NOT WORTH THE PRICE! And what really grinds my gears is I've been to a handful of REAL dim sum and tapas restaurants and their plates (though small) are NOT microscopic and actually taste good. I tried to like this place, I did. But if you don't find that this place fills you up...or at all...there's a jimmy john's down the street.
4	Really good food!  The pork bite dim sum and brisket sandwich were standouts. I knocked off a star because I think it's a bit over priced for what you get.
3	After reading about the opening of Grit and Grace in a Pittsburgh based magazine (maybe Whirl? can't remember). I anxiously awaited the opening. We made reservations for a Saturday in early Jan., not long after the opening. When we arrived, I noticed that the restaurant was full. There were also several people at the bar. The decor is modern with great character- exposed beams and duct work. The tables were set with 3 mason jars of something different in each one. I'm not sure what they were because our waitress never explained this to us and I forgot to ask with trying to decipher the menu. When we ordered, we were told that the food comes out as it is ready. There is not an order to it. I can imagine this would be an issue if you are not inclined to share with your dinning companions. I chose the braised short ribs with rice noodles, broccolini, mushrooms, bean sprouts, onion and garlic. I also wanted to save some room for the dim sum. Luckily, four of the 5 plates our table ordered arrived at the same time so we each had something to eat. I enjoyed the beef short ribs dish. The noodles were cooked perfectly and complemented by the tender veggies. The beef was also very tender but extremely fatty. Then I waited and waited. At this point, we had been waiting for the dim sum for an hour. After asking our waitress, the dim sum quickly arrived. I chose to try the noodle dish again. This time it was cold with julienne veggies. I really enjoyed the idea of dim sum but was not blown away by the dish I chose. It also seemed a bit on the pricey side as each dim sum was $5 and most had 2-3 small bites. Overall, I love the IDEA of the restaurant so much that I will probably give Grit and Grace a second chance and will try some of the other options.  Stay tuned for a future update.
4	This is exciting and different. I'm interested to see how they grow for sure. I came during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week, which meant we were able to get 5 dim sum dishes for the price of 4. Not bad, not bad. I was so pumped when I saw the tray going round and eagerly awaiting which dishes I would choose from! So the chick came round with the tray of 5 different dishes and we all grabbed them up.I was able to try every dim sum item on the menu. How? Because that's all the options they had. I'm not privy to how most dim sum restaurants are, but I thought there would have been more options. I'm wondering if they're starting with the five (which seem to rotate out on different days when I peaked at the menu) and expanding from there. I'm actually hoping, more than wondering!While the pork belly bites rocked my world, the others were tasty enough, like the cold soba noodles, steak tataki and shrimp salad. Looking forward to seeing what else they can come up with to rock my world 5 to 10 to 20 times more!I was also excited to try some of the cocktails, since I'd heard they were pretty crafty (get it, craft cocktail??). I tried the G&G Club Cocktail $10 (bourbon, amaro, creme de cassis, orange bitters). It was good and STRONG. Be careful... I really like how they set the main menu up, aside from the dim sum. They list the plates by size. So the top of the list is smallest and runs to largest. While the short ribs $6 (cream cheese biscuits, aged white cheddar cheese, hollandaise) were AMAZING. We split between four people, when I really wanted to shove both biscuits in my mouth. So maybe share with two people:)The salmon $17 (crispy pretzel bread pudding, braised cabbage, pickled mustard seeds) on the other hand was enough for one person, but we did split, with so much other food to share. I thought this dish was very creative and loved the homemade pretzel bread and cabbage. The salmon was also expertly cooked!The tasso ham flatbread $14 (black garlic, olive oil, leeks, mushrooms, fontina cheese, kale, arugula) was also very good. Actually, come to think of it, the main dishes may have been better than the dim sum... I just came to this realization after typing all this out. I feel like they set out to potentially conquer dim sum in the Burgh... and hopefully they will, but for now it seems like main dishes rule.
4	Breakdown of what we ordered followed by a subjective assessment of taste, texture and overall experience:Our group ordered: Tasso Ham FlatbreadPickled DatesRoasted Carrots, Edamame SaladShort Ribs with Cream Cheese BiscuitsDim Sum:Pork BellySalmon SevicheShrimp SevichePig Face something or the otherDesserts:Coffee and CerealApple/Cheez-It Cracker Ice cream Concoction Out of all that we had, I would say my favorite dishes were the pickled dates and carrot salad off the menu and salmon seviche from the Dim Sum tray.  That being said here are a few comments about all the items we had:Menu Items:-Flatbread was ok, but I wasn't a fan of the slabs of ham laid on top of the cheese.  The cheese lacked that certain sharpness which I appreciate on my flatbreads/pizzas.  -Pickled dates - explosion of flavors and textures, LOVED it!  Crunchy cheesiness  (essentially fried cheese cubes), with shredded cheese (manchego), coupled with tartness (pickled dates) and sweetness (pears and apples).  -Roasted carrots, edamame salad - this salad was fresh and flavorful.  The vinaigrette was subtle as was the crumbled cheese curds.  The carrots were the stars of this show.-Short ribs with cream cheese biscuits - no comment as I didn't try them but my friends enjoyed them.Dim Sum:-Pork belly - I noticed that many reviewers really enjoyed this dish, unfortunately I didn't.  I guess I was expecting melt in your mouth pork belly and it was cubed pork pieces that didn't have me swooning.-Salmon Seviche - the salmon was fresh, tender and successfully flavored.  I added a bit of soy sauce which made the dish complete. -Shrimp Seviche - I had a bit of this and thought the shrimp was fresh but lacked in flavor.  I'm not a big fan of cold shrimp so take that for what you will.  -Pig Face - all I know was this had something to do with a pig face.  It was a fried cube looking dish with what essentially tasted like some very salty ham in the middle.  Didn't do anything for me.Desserts:Coffee and Cereal - tasted like melted vanilla ice cream, sprinkled with fruity pebbles, with chocolate pieces (maybe coffee flavored) with fruit roll-up type pieces that had no taste.  I did enjoy the fruity pebbles and melted vanilla ice cream - it was nostalgia in a bowl (at least part of it).Apple/Cheez-It Cracker Ice cream Concoction - a bit odd, more savory then sweet but the apples sweetened it up but the cheez-it crumbles and ice cream overpowered this dish.  Service was great, they were attentive without being bothersome.  Love the trendy, deep color decor.  I'm on a no-alcohol kick for a few weeks but the drinks looked amazing and from what my friends said they were.  I'll be back to check out the drinks and order me some pickled dates, carrot salad and salmon!
3	Ummmmm I have mixed feelings about this place. It's a nice trendy environment. However, the food was just okay for me. Small portions for a lot more than it's worth. Dim sum is a cool idea, although they should add more items to the menu. Their dessert options were too far out for me- deconstructed apple pie with cheez its on top. We passed and went around the corner to Butcher in the Rye for dessert (which was fabulous). Doubt I'll be retuning anytime soon (or ever).
3	If only Yelp had a 3 1/2 star option!GREAT staff. I sat at the bar and the bartenders were excellent; knowledgable, friendly, and observant. I was describing one of their beers on draft (Brooklyn Sorachi Ace, one of my favorites) to my friend, and the bartender heard me and poured us a small taste without even asking. Great at mixing cocktails, explaining the restaurant, etc. Staff can be such a problem in Pittsburgh, but the bartenders were aces.The decor is...okay. The space is surprisingly small, and the bar area even more so. The cramped dining room feels like you're an airline passenger in a cramped 707. Points for dim lighting, but overall the concept for the space never comes together. The walls and seating are all classic dark fine dining, but then there's a faux-rustic wooden box  on the table holding condiments in rough glass jars - very strange. Some drinks come in tiki glasses which is also at odds with the decor. No TVs, though, which is a major bonus.Food: Good not great. The skate cheeks dish was excellent; creative & tasty. The chicken thighs were sort of a deconstructed chicken fried rice dish that was unexceptional. The dim sum portions are small, as many people have commented. I don't mind paying a lot for fine dining, but other than the skate cheeks, nothing blew my mind. As many other reviewers have commented, the food might develop as the chefs find their footing. I would try this again, especially because it's rare to find a place where the staff is already at the top of their game right after opening. That speaks well of the management, and restaurant in general.
2	I'll give it a star for its ambiance and a star for the sweet waitress that waited on us, but overall my first experience here was poor.  The food was just ok. My friend and I shared the pork belly and salmon tartare appetizer and then we both had the short ribs flat noodles as an entree. I explained that I had a severe dairy allergy and was assured they would prepare it so that I wouldn't have any problems. Unfortunately there was a 'miscommunication' in the kitchen and after 3 bites I started having an allergic reaction. I asked the waitress to double check with the kitchen and she apologized profusely and told me it would be taken off my check. Really? I would expect so since I only had a few bites. The strange thing was that the manager never came over to apologize, nor did they offer to comp a glass of wine or one of our appetizers for almost sending me to the hospital. Not that it would make a difference, I wouldn't have trusted that it was prepared they way they said it was. It's unfortunate that my first experience here was so bizarre. I don't think I'll be going back any time soon.
5	In a word...perfect! We had originally booked a week ago, but Open Table screwed up and failed to notice that the restaurant was closed. Grit & Grace was super apologetic (even though it wasn't their fault) and treated us very well. The decor is a big improvement from Taste of Dahntahn, which used to be in this space, and so is the food and service. The Dim Sum Girl (that's how she introduced herself) brought us some amazing appetizers. I particularly like the Crispy Brussels Sprouts. The Corned Duck Breast with rye noodles and pickled daikon had a rich soy-flavored broth. The desserts (not on the website) were unique. I had Coffee Mochi with chocolate, lemongrass cream, chocolate and crumbled Froot Loops.  We will be going back. One caution: this place is noisy!
3	So, as a cap to Pittsburgh Restaurant Week (Winter 14), the wife and I decided to go for a Sunday-Funday dinner at Grit & Grace.We were really excited to give the American Dim Sum a try, and figured if we were going to do so, why not get one free?!...  wrong choice.I'll start with the ambiance.  This place is 100x better than the disgrace it replaced (Taste of Dahntahn).  The relatively cramped space is arranged in a well-thought manner and the modern aesthetics are welcoming.Relative to drinks, they have a decent cocktail menu with a few limited drafts.  While the wife's drink tasted great (and came in a Tiki glass to boot), it was mostly ice and at over $10, didn't last more than a few sips.Now to the Dim Sum...  save yourself and pass.  All of the dishes we got left a ton to be desired.  Outside of being $5 per serving (for a single bite portion), they were relatively bland and left a ton to be desired.  Adding insult to injury, as we were finishing up, I saw what looked to be a FANTASTIC sandwich get served to the table next to us...  lesson learned. Based on feedback from others and the taunt I received while there, we'll go back for something other than the Dim Sum (likely for lunch), and I expect (or at least hope) the food to honestly be a lot better.  All things created equal, Grit & Grace is still a welcome addition to downtown.
5	My husband and I were bowled over with the level of service AND the fantastic menu options. Every dish we chose was excellent, and while some may not have aligned with our preconceived notions, each was flavorful, unique and delicious. Our favorites: -Tasso ham flatbread: definitely for sharing, the nuttiness of the fontina cheese worked well with the mushrooms and greens. -Steamed bun: mortadella was fantastic--this was my husband's favorite. He was disappointed I made him share a bite:-)-Porkbelly bites: this dim sum option was superb--smoky and melt in your mouth-Squash and farro salad: definitely big enough for a meal on its own, the green curry really set off the other flavorsAlso great:-Short ribs and cream biscuits: super tasty, but the steamed bun was better:-) -Cereal dessert: really great texture--loved the fruity pebbles!Additionally, the cocktails were swoon-worthy. My bourbon loving husband, who never orders mixed drinks, loved the G&G. I ordered the Jambie the Genie, which was served out of vintage Tiki themed glass. I wanted about 4 more!On top of all of that, the service was excellent. Alexis was informed, personable and not at all schmoozy or pushy. We will definitely be coming back:-)
3	I went here recently to celebrate the birthdays of 3 of my friends.  We were really excited to try this place and a reservations had been booked over a month in advance, since we were a relatively large group (12), but we were assured this would not be an issue and that they could accommodate a group of up to 15.  Some of our party arrived early and everyone had arrived by the time of our reservation at 7pm.  However, when we got there, our table was clearly not ready yet, though the staff were evasive about this.  They pointed vaguely to this seating area just past the bar that consisted of a couple of sets of large shared bench tables and there were 3 DIFFERENT PARTIES sitting there who didn't look anywhere near done!  I was perplexed when they said "just a few minutes."  Well not surprisingly it was over 45 min before our table was ready.  And unfortunately given that the chairs and tables in this area were bolted to the ground there was no way to sit all together, so half the group was sitting at the second bench table like 3 feet away!  Really, we booked this reservation over a month in advance?! Most nice restaurants won't seat any parties for 1-2 hours before in an area where they are expecting a large group with advance reservations, to ensure they won't keep the group waiting (and given that there were a few sporadic small tables available in the restaurant it makes no sense they wouldn't put these 3 different couples there, as they could fit in small tables).  I saw a back dining room area that looked like it would've worked much better and been much more comfortable for our large group and there were several smaller tables free.  I'm sure they could've accommodated us in that room had they planned ahead to have a few small tables together back there to push together.  But it was too late to ask for this since the available tables back there weren't together so we would've had to wait even longer.  There was no other large group back there so it would've been easy to sort out had they made an effort to really accommodate us and planned adequately for a large party in advance.  While we were waiting for a table, it was nice that the bartender did come from behind the bar and walk out to where we were standing by the wall to take our drink orders and bring our drinks over.  The cocktails were very high quality.  The decor was also very nice with some interesting pieces of art and a cozy ambiance.  Once we got seated, things continued to be rather chaotic.  Given that we were all squeezed into a table that was a little too small and there were no seat backs to the "benches" we were sitting on we had nowhere to put our coats, but we were informed that this restaurant has no coat room! How can a nice restaurant in PA in middle of Winter have no coatroom or coat rack, especially if they have seating without any chair backs!  There wasn't even room to put our purses.  But they did nicely offer to put our coats in their office for us when it was clear this was not going to work.  So then I thought things would finally settle down but they did not take all our orders or explain the specials or dim sum options to our party all at once.  One person kept getting passed over for his drink order and wasn't able to get a drink until about a half hour after we were seated amidst all the chaos.  Also it was so loud in there I couldn't hear when they were explaining at the end of the table.  I wasn't even sure who our server was, as he/she never clearly introduce him/herself.  We ended up all ordering and getting our food and drinks at random unorganized times, though it worked out ok given the tapas/dim sum style and that we were sharing food.  The majority of the food items were quite delicious, which is where the 3 stars come from.  I particularly liked the pork belly bites and the beef tartare from the dim sum tray they bring around.  I also ordered some other tapas/small plates from the menu, and particularly enjoyed the short ribs cream cheese biscuits.  A few friends ordered entrees, but my sense was that the smaller plates and dim sum were all much better than the larger entrees.  Would've liked to see some more dim sum options as there were only about 5 to pick from, though that was a really fun option.  Portions were decently sized for entrees and tapas/small plates but the dim sum were quite small (just a few bites, for $5 each).  I think this place might be great to go as a couple or a small group, but they need to do some work to accommodate larger groups adequately.  Most importantly, the food was quite delicious, as were the cocktails, so I think this place does have potential.
4	I went to Grit & Grace with friends on February 13.  For a Thursday night, it was nicely crowded but not too packed.  It did take a couple weeks to get a reservation.  The bar area is very chic and is a decent size.  The main dining area is also aesthetically pleasing and has warm lighting.  There are interesting art installations on the walls between tables in the main dining area as well.  The lighting is both artsy and very functional.  There are some communal-type tables but my group was seated at a large U-shaped booth, which was pleasantly cozy.The service was pretty decent.  There were a couple times we had to flag the waitress down, but I blame that in part because we ordered things in a staggered fashion as we were waiting for a friend to join us.We ordered all of the dim sum options that night, including a Brussels sprouts dish, salmon tartare, a kimchi dish, pork belly, and breaded sweetbreads.  These were all very nicely done.  The pork belly had my mouth watering for more.  Probably if I had to rate the best to least best, the pork belly was the best, then the Brussels sprouts, the salmon tartare, the sweetbreads, and the kimchi.  The kimchi was good but kind of typical for kimchi.  I thought the salmon tartare was really unique.  The Brussels sprouts were tasty but it is sort of a trend at local restaurants lately.  A friend and I split braised short ribs made with rice noodles, bean sprouts, broccolini, mushrooms, onion, and garlic.  I thought the short ribs were very flavorful, tender and juicy.  We also split braised goat which was done with appams, and garlic/ginger smashed potatoes, with curry.  The smashed potatoes were awesome, and the combination of the goat (which was firm but not overdone) with the potatoes, wrapped in the appams (rice pancakes) with creme fraiche was delicious.  The potatoes were nicely browned and crispy on the outside.  The appams were also cooked well - not too dry, and a nice consistency paired with the rest of the dish.  The wine list is rather good.  I had a petite chenin for a good price ($9), which was great because I don't see petit chenins in Pittsburgh restaurants that often.  I also had a G&G Club Cocktail which was a fresh take on a bourbon cocktail.  It included orange bitters; anything with bitters is good in my book - bitters are good for your health!Overall I had an enjoyable dining experience at Grit & Grace, and look forward to my next visit!
2	I took my wife there for her birthday after she had done exhaustive research on new and trendy restaurants. We had been to Spoon (same owner and chef) and loved it. We expected at least as much from Grit and Grace. We were greatly disappointed.The pork bellies that other reviewers seemed to love, we hated. They were full of fat and had virtually no meat. Basically well-seasoned, tender cubes of pure fat. As tiny as the serving was, we left nearly half of it in our bowl. It was gross. A second Dim Sum dish yielded mixed reviews. She loved this dish she remembered as Brussels sprouts. I remembered them as artichoke hearts. I found them over-seasoned and likely to overpower anything that came next. Very heavy on the vinegar. I couldn't taste anything else in this dish even though it had onions and other ingredients. She liked it well enough to order a second helping at the end of our meal. My reaction was that she ordered it more out of hunger.We tried two rib dishes. The ribs on a biscuit were excellent, but as you would expect in a small plate restaurant, the portions were small, just a bite or two each. Not much for your money. We also ordered the hanger steak. We both enjoyed the dish, but the portions were so small I had forgotten that we ordered it by the time I sat down to write this review. My wife reminded me. We liked it, but we can get a full meal some places for what we paid for a couple of bites.The ribs with noodles were nearly as fatty as the pork bellies. They were also covered with a layer of salt. Healthy cuisine is one thing. This dish was not only unhealthy, it tasted awful. The rice noodles were a soggy mess. You know you're in trouble in a small plate restaurant when diners leave nearly half of a dish on their plates. In retrospect we were angry at ourselves for not sending it back. Some people across from us ordered the brisket and left much of their food behind when they left as well.The decor and seating leave a lot to be desired. One side of the dining room has elevated hard benches opposite elevated padded bench seats. No one on that side seemed comfortable. My wife, an artist and art teacher by trade, felt the artwork looked unfinished. She did like the wood sculpture suspended above us. The lighting was so dim that reading the menu was difficult.The bottom line was that we ordered five dishes. Two we found in-eatable. Two we liked. One dish one of us liked and the other did not. We spent a fair amount of money. I should mention that we have dined out in some pretty expensive restaurants and really enjoyed the experience.  The issue for us is value, not price. On the plus side the service could not have been better. The service is what earned this place a second star. Even so, we are not planning a return visit. We stopped somewhere else on the way home to get something to eat.  For so much money Pittsburgh has many better choices.
2	I attended a birthday dinner here for a friend on a Thursday evening. I had high expectations, as I'm a huge Asian food lover and have heard great things about Pittsburgh's recent restaurant openings (as I've just returned to the city). However, I was disappointed with the food and service. The dishes we ordered really lacked a meaningful Asian influence (although no one ordered the noodle dishes) and flavor. Skate cheeks, placed on top of small pieces of white toast, were pretty bland. The fried Brussels Sprouts were the highlight (obviously, but don't beat Meat & Potatoes). We should have skipped the desserts - both options were vanilla custard-based, one topped with Fruity Pebbles (somewhat cute, but very poorly executed).In addition, our server seemed to lack experience and confidence - we had to ask to place our order AND had to ask for recommendations, as our server never introduced herself nor asked us if we'd ever dined there (no one had). Hopefully the next season's menu will feature more "grit"...authentic Chinese and/or Southeast Asian flavors (ala Red Farm in NYC), b/c right now it seems they are trying too hard and missing.
5	Cocktails, Dim Sum and main courses were all excellent! Desert was a ok. Would like to go back soon!
5	The 3.5 star review just goes to show,  yinzers don't know what good food is. This place is amazing. Marcus was awesome, very knowledgeable about gluten free. Applause!
4	We were looking forward to trying this new restaurant, as we are fans of Spoon. Came here with friends after a performance at Heinz Hall. As we were looking over the menu, a server came by with dum sum offerings. We tried the house made kimchi and crispy brussel sprouts. Loved the crispy brussel sprouts!! The kimchi was good but didn't taste like a traditional kimchi. We tried the pig face roulade, which was exceptional! Can easily be shared by two and was a larger portion than some of the small plates. For small plates, we ordered the braised pork terrine and short ribs. These were two individual portions. Both were delicious and could've ordered more. We also tried the crispy tofu and short ribs with flat rice noodles. These were tasty and all the flavors melded well. We would've liked to get more direction from the server on how to balance ordering dim sum with small and large plates. Ambiance is cozy, relaxing and made for a great evening with friends.Chef Pekarcik and his team have opened up a great establishment in downtown Pittsburgh.
4	I did a quick review on Google and wondered why my friends wanted to meet here for dinner. Wow was I surprised!The bartenders know a LOT about what they are serving and allowed us to taste what interested us.The food was well done, but anything with pork belly was amazing.Highly recommend that the chef not refer to kimchi on the menu. I was raised in Korea and I was expecting more sour.The decor is simple and clean. Exactly what I like.I included a nice pic of my friend John showing us how to enjoy wine. LOL
4	I just don't know where to begin...there's SO much wonderment to be found in every nook and cranny. Let's start at the bar. Duh. Tiki drinks in an Asian fusion sorta kinda restaurant? Well, why not? Damned fine tiki drinks and OTHER drinks, too. My very first dabble into the G&G tiki selection was a lovely little, innocent tasting number called Jambie the Genie. Apparently inspired by Jambie in the TV screen at Pee Wee's Playhouse, what seemed mildly entertaining at first packed an evil punch of Metaxa, shochu, St. Germaine and Benedictine along with just enough guava to magically convince one there was barely any alcohol onboard. Wrong. Woo! Over the course of several visits (I keep going back!), I've sampled most of the written cocktail menu. (Sharing with non-germophobic friends is a great way to get to try everything without overindulging...just sayin'.) I can honestly say you can't go wrong...especially when Greta is behind the bar. Awesome barkeep! And for sure she's not the only skills behind the bar. I haven't yet tried the drinks made for a group. The Scorpion Bowl and the Porron are cocktails made to be shared when you're getting your party on with friends. (So WHY haven't we tried either of these yet?)Back to my habit of sampling. The Dim Sum trays that circulate the room with little dishes of delightfulness-es are another thing that bring me back again and again. Especially the Pork Belly Bites...please Mr. G&G, don't ever take these off your menu! For $5 a plate/dish you can choose as many or as few dim sum items as you wish to accompany your cocktail or as a pre(or post)-appetizer. In addition to the required pork belly, try steak or squid or scallop or chips. Chips? Not your usual chips, these are crisp-fried chicken skin pieces with a chicken liver mousse dip. Mmmmmm....And then there are the main dishes. I wish I could give you more detail here, but I keep going back to the braised short rib,broccolini,  cippolini onion, mushroom and rice noodle bowl that I can't get enough of! Bonus is that it's gluten-free - YES - G&G has GF options! Just ask. Fortunately I've also sampled a number of other dishes (thank you, friends) and haven't found anything that wasn't spot on scrumptiousness. Desserts? No clue. Good drinks, dim sum and an entree have always been enough for me...but they sound as fab as the rest of the menu. Then again, that gluten issue precludes many dessert choices anyway.Any downside? It's hard to get into. I go early...and obviously often.
4	Fun choices for foodCasual/formal environment, better food/environment for drinking than eating not typical dim sums which tasted average but looked amazingReally good ribs on biscuit with cream cheeseNot spectacular food but very good drinksNot recommended for kids but recommended for big groups or for couplesExcellent service!Only dinner servedNEED to make reservations on weekends
3	We went here last night for my birthday dinner.  After reading reviews on here I was a little apprehensive, but in the end I was glad we went.  The drinks were very good - definitely the high point of the meal IMO.  However they were really strong so by the time I was half way through my first drink I really needed something to eat, preferably a starch, but our food took a while to get to our table and none of it was very satisfying.   I ordered the duck and soba noodles, the mushroom salad, and the brussel sprout dim sum - it was all fine.  It wasn't great or bad, it was fine.  The other thing was that there was a group of very drunk, obnoxious adults sitting next to us who were so, so loud - this didn't matter as much when we started drinking too, but it was off-putting to begin with.  However the atmosphere was great!  While the service was so-so, it kind of didn't matter because it didn't feel like we were in downtown Pgh, usually a sure sign of a great atmosphere in a Pgh restaurant.  All in all, I would probably only go back for drinks before dinner at another restaurant.  I would not recommend it for its food.
4	New inside, very nice use of space. Knowledgeable server, friendly. I had short ribs on cream cheese biscuit with aged white cheddar and hollandaise. It melted in my mouth, it was so freaking delicious. I also had a glass of red Zinfandel. It was $13 a glass and I believe it was a 6 ounce pour. My wonderful husband had the My Dark Storm cocktail, rum with house made ginger beer. I tasted it. It was the best dark and stormy I have ever had and for $8 we will return and sit at the bar for another. The tapas portions are small, as expected & expensive. But if you are looking for a very tasty treat, this is a place to visit.
4	I really liked this place. We had a shared drink called Scorpion which had a citrus taste, it was good. We had the sweetbreads dim sum. I'm not sure why it was called that but it was delicious. Dinner was short ribs biscuit and scallops. We would definitely go back.
3	I stopped by for a quick happy hour with friends, and we were lucky enough that a party cancelled a reservation last minute, and we got to be seated. The hostess couldn't have been friendlier. The ambience is quirky and modern, and the seating in the back of the restroom isn't overly crowded, and there are some fun wood accents on the walls giving you that modern, yet cozy feel.I'm not drinking these days, but my friends enjoyed their cocktails and wine by the glass. The most notable drink at the table was the gin & tonic that was anything but boring, according to my friend. The tonic is made in house, and my friend loved it so much that she ordered a second.I need to go back and sample more menu items. This was a quick happy hour, and I only had time for one dish. I ordered the flank steak noodle dish with rice noodles, bean sprouts, and broccolini. The flavors of the dish were there, but it was so overloaded with salt that my fingers literally started swelling five minutes after I finished eating. This is a huge problem. If the flavors have potential, but you can't even enjoy food due to the inordinately high salt contact, you've got a problem.The dim sum options looked interesting, and there were various other menu items I would be interested in trying, but if I come back again and leave feeling disappointed due to salt overuse, I will be disappointed.
3	I was in town for business and was pleased to find this place across the street from my hotel. I sat at the bar and got fantastic service. I tried really hard to like the food but it just wasn't working for me. I had a weird cauliflower thing that had oats or something in it. It was bland and had an unpleasant consistency. I also had the pork belly ramen, which had some interesting toppings that I liked, but the broth and noodles missed the mark. The broth was over-salted and had too much soy sauce, and the noodles were overcooked. On a positive note, the beer selection was great and it looked like they had really good cocktails. I would come here again for the drinks, ambiance, and service.
5	My new favorite Pgh restaurant! Hip/trendy ambiance, super friendly service, a-MAZ-ing cocktails, and of course the food was outstanding! This is not your normal "meat and potatoes" kind of restaurant (no pun intended), so I would only suggest coming here if you're ok with eating outside the box. Very different than any other restaurant you'll find in the area. They approach every dish with a lot of creativity in both taste and presentation.We had the following "large plates' (entree-size; they also have "small plates" for sharing if you prefer): Dayboat scallops, shaved Brussel sprouts, crispy pepperoni, buttermilk, garlic crouton, pickled banana peppersBraised goat, appams, garlic + ginger, smashed potatoes, curry, creme fraiche, limeI would highly recommend them BOTH. The braised goat is now my ultimate most favorite entree I have ever had. It didn't come out with smashed potatoes but actually a kind of na'an (Indian pancakes) made from semolina flour that I used to soak up the curry... absolutely divine. A great date place but be sure to request a booth when you make the reservations otherwise you might end up at a communal table, which is fun with friends but not quite as romantic an ambiance.
4	I went here for drinks. I will be back, although I will say that my review is subject to change with upward bias. My review was conservative because I am a food snob and I don't like to hand out great ratings. Drinks were good for pittsburgh. I don't care what anyone says, PBurgh is not a great food town. This is a decent place and if you are from out of town you should embark confidently--you will have decent drinks and food. It's no Steven Star, but it's a decent spot for Pburgh.Update: I changed my rating after evaluating my consistency. I like this place. Agree with my comments earlier, minus the conservative rating non-sense
5	Really amazing experience eating here. Hostess staff was extremely accommodating for us, we were a group of 4, later to become 6. They found us a gorgeous outside table and added on an additional table as soon as two other guests left. The dim sum waitress was fantastic and had really great knowledge of the dishes, the beef tartare and samon tartare were delicious. The celery root was amazing as well. Our waitress was absolutely wonderful. She had really great suggestions for sharing dishes and paid cocktails/beer. We had the steamed bun, the beef brisket over a biscuit topped with cream fraiche, duck breast with rye noodle, and the pig face. Overall, an amazing experience.
5	Following a misunderstanding with our reservation, we were promptly accommodated in the vibrant atmosphere of the restaurant.  Starting with the most exquisite dirty martini and Cosmo, the evening took flight.  Every course was better than the last.  The freshness and crispness of flavor covered each dish with poise and grace.  It may became the next Pittsburgh prime.
3	I was super excited to come here and try everything! Our reservation wasn't quite ready, so we grabbed a seat at the bar while we waited for our table. I ordered the Mai tai, which was not super sweet, which I like! They also have a decent beer selection too! Now onto the dim sum...the calamari salad was just ok, nothing special. The Kim chi was ok. Now the pork belly bites with some of the hot chili sauce=amazing! I ordered the dayboat scallops for an entree and sadly the dish fell short. There was crispy pepperoni in the dish and it just did not work out well with the flavor of the scallops. So I will be back to try something new because the service was wonderful and I'm hoping that I can find something new that I like.
4	Like the combination of dim sum style food bites and the menu selections. Savory was our theme. We enjoyed the porkbelly bites from dim sum tray f/b carrot salad, scallops, mortabella bun and pork face open sandwich. The waiter was spot on with helping us put a delicious dinner together.
5	Fresh ingredients, creative flavor profiles and combinations and helpful staff.  Recipe for goodness and love the pigs face sandwich!!!  A winner.
3	Maybe we went here on an off day (eventhough the place was relatively empty) but me and my foodie cohorts were not really impressed with the food that we were served during our visit here.First let me say that the decor was impressive(Why that's important to me, I'll never know...)  A completely different take on the space from the previous Taste of Dahntahn and  much appreciated.Okay, here are my thoughts on the food.... I was kind of disappointed with my food.  I am a beef brisket addict and so is one of my co-workers.  We both ordered the smoked brisket sandwich (I actually ordered the sandwich as a part of the G &G Power Lunch, along with the small carrot salad.) and my other co-worker ordered the the Roasted Pork Ramen. The beef brisket was not tender and actually chewy, with a greasy aftertaste that was not pleasant.  It was almost as though the beef had been made quite some time before we got there and sat in beef fat until the taste became less beefy and more stale tasting.  The carrot salad was really nothing to write home about either, however, it was attractive looking. (And I mean that in good way...)  I was very surprised at the lack of available side dishes too.My co-worker who ordered the Roasted Pork Ramen made out like a fat rat!  The broth was delicious and the serving size was decent.  Overall, it was okay.  The food was less impressive than I expected and the decor was better than I expected.  Additionally, the service was respectable and the wait staff knowledgeble.  All things considered, this adds up to an "A-Ok" rating versus a "Meh, I've experienced better"
3	While grit and grace is unique, to me the drinks are extremely overpriced and the food is tiny. I know that they are tapas style but the price is ridiculous. Of course the food is delicious but it is not a place for someone like me who enjoys lots of food. Might be fun after a show or for a late night snack and bar scene.
4	Our first time there and it was terrific. Nice conccept, Asian fusion, Dim Sum and a modern twist to traditional dishes and preparation. Might sound confusing, but well executed all around. The meal started off with cocktails, again with  G&G's own take followed shortly by a selection of 5 Dim Sum dishes. Pork belly, scallop ceviche, beef tartare, duck confit and an asian style cold noodle....wonderful all. Mains included a seafood sausage in brodo, a crispy and unctious pork cheek with a fried egg and a tremendous goat curry stew. All I can say is that, after being open only 6 months, this is a "must" stop, being a foodie or not. Excellent  food, service, and ambiance.
4	The hubby and I met four friends at Grit & Grace for dinner before Jim Gaffigan's show in late March. I had selected the restaurant and made the reservations, and I therefore felt a lot of pressure for everyone to have great food and a great time. Good news is that we all had a great experience here!I arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation and was a little nervous when the hostess cautioned that the party before us had arrived an hour late. However, she did an amazing job of seating us only 5-10 minutes late and even having a backup plan in case the previous party did not promptly leave.I started with the Mai Tai while we waited for our table. I'm generally pretty disappointed in mixed drinks that I order out.... However, this drink was pretty tasty and came in a really cool glass. My second drink was Arsenal's Fighting Elleck Cider followed by the table doing Wigle Whiskey Ginever shots. Both drinks are delicious, and I love supporting local businesses.Let's get to the food! My husband and I wanted to try a variety of things, and we definitely achieved our goal. First, we got the Pork Belly Bites off the dim sum menu. Though descent, we had recently eaten a similar dish at Butcher and the Rye, and this dish did not come close to that restaurant's incredible creation. I felt similarly about the Dayboat Scallops. Though it was a nice dish, it seemed overpriced for the very small portion of food received.However, the dishes that I expected the least from delivered the most! The small plate of Short Ribs with Cream Cheese Biscuits was my first surprise.This dish was like eating bites of home-cooked heaven. I'm not one to order sandwiches at restaurants other than Panera, but my husband wanted to try the Crispy Pig Face Roulade. Though the crispy pig face portion of the dish was disappointing, this sandwich packs incredible flavor.Outside of drinks and food, service was descent, and the interior is very well decorated. I look forward to returning, ordering my two favorite dishes again, and trying some new items!
5	At the end of a 4-day trip in Pittsburgh, dining at Grit & Grace ended up being  the best experience we had in downtown Pittsburgh. On a Monday night, they weren't very busy so we were seated quickly. The combination of the modern decor with a casual feel along with creative food options was something that suited my dining style. Their menu features a lot of food options from noodles, salads to small plates to share or larger plates as entrees. In addition, they also have 5 American dim sum options that they bring table side for you to see and choose. We had the pork belly dim sum that was totally worth all the fatty calories that kept staring at us. Edamame hummus from the standard menu was a lighter refreshing version of a standard hummus and was great for sharing. I don't know about the portion size of their other dishes but the noodles were definitely served in huge servings. The chicken meatball ramen came in a rich flavorful broth that you would only get after long hours of cooking and simmering. We were all stuffed but somehow I talked everyone into sharing the sticky toffee cake with me. It was so tasty that I could have licked that plate clean but for the sake of not embarrassing my friends, I decided to act like a mature adult and refrain from "cleaning" the plate. Yes, G&G was so good that it brought my inner child to the surface but I don't see any problems with that!
5	Great atmosphere, good service. Crisp tempura, eggplant on focaccia. Highly recommend for a culinary adventure.
4	Grit & Grace lives up to the 4 stars. I'll break down my experience for you all!Busy on a Saturday as you would expect. Need reservation at least 5 hours prior. Service was good and friendly. The atmosphere was hipster/industrial. They didn't have the air on and it was very warm. This is one of the reasons I dropped a star due to me not being comfortable. Drinks: scorpion bowl is great looking and tasty but for two people it falls short. Paid $15. Worth $12. I recommend one of their signature cocktails they have listed on their menu. These run $8-12 but worth it. Very good value! Whether you like a drink that taste good or someone that likes to taste the liquor, you will enjoy!Food: think tapas before showing up. This part was confusing because they don't mention tapas anywhere but that is the style. Some items are very small, some are medium. The price will help determine size. The 2 dim sum options we tried were good. The tofu is served cold on purpose and flavorful. The pork belly stole the show. We ordered two of these. Dim sum = $5 each. Worth it!Wife ordered roasted pork ramen. The pork and broth were delicious. I wasn't a fan of the noodles but my wife loved the whole dish. Medium size and was a good portion if you had apps/dim sum before. $13. Good value at that price. Steam bun: tasty, but it was a glorified hotdog. It was a good hotdog taste. Just be ready for the similarities in taste. $7. 4 bites and I was done. Should be a $5 appetizer. Shaved flank steak: the steak was great. Not much but it was delicious and tender. Not chewy. Good amount of noodles in this make it a meal vs tapas option if you have some dim sum before. $16. Worth $13. We will go back. They seem to excel when it comes to pork. The signature cocktails are great but the place was to warm and we would have bought more drinks if they could serve them faster. We will be back.
3	I picked this restaurant because it sounded like an interesting place for a night out while my foodie husband and I were visiting Pittsburgh from DC. The restaurant was fairly empty when we arrived, but we were shown to a small dark table at the very back of the restaurant right across from the server's station and an open door to a service corridor--not the most appealing location for a special meal.  I asked whether we could be seated at one of the empty booths closer to the front of the restaurant but was told no.  I assumed this was because they were being held for parties of four, but on our way out, noticed that parties of two were seated at most of them. The host spoke to us as we were leaving to ask whether everything had been OK and I told him I was unhappy about his having said we could not have a booth when other parties of two who came in later were seated at those tables. His explanation was that the restaurant's computer system assigns tables based on when reservations were made.  Perhaps that is so, but we weren't exactly walk-ins--I'd made our reservation nine days in advance--and being seated at a crummy table when better ones were empty at the time we arrived got our meal off to a bad start.  I was excited to see that the draft beer list also included a draft cider.  I ordered it expecting a long drink--something similar to the large glass of draft beer my husband received, but cider rather than beer--and was surprised when what came was a small portion in a brandy snifter type glass. The menu or the servers could make clearer that the cider is not a long drink.  The cider itself was OK, but nothing very special (in contrast, for example, to the truly wonderful local cider I had recently at Woodberry Kitchen in Baltimore) and at $10 for a small portion seemed overpriced. We chose three of the dim sum items.  The smoked tofu with noodles was tasty; my husband liked the pork belly bites (I would have liked them better if they were less fatty); and we both agreed the squid salad was uninspired.  Next, we shared what was described as a cooked carrot salad with romaine hearts and other ingredients.  The cooked carrots were very flavorful and the dressing was nice, but the salad was mainly romaine and again seemed overpriced for what it was.  For the main course, my husband had the goat, which he thought was tasty--not wow, but tasty.  I had the scallops with Brussels sprouts; the scallops were nicely cooked and the dish overall was OK.Our server was pleasant enough but not especially engaged.  If we asked questions, she answered, but she didn't offer any explanations.  For example, the menu is structured unusually and I would guess most first-time guests would appreciate some tips about possible ordering strategies, but we had to ask.  The same was true of the dishes--both of our entrees contained unusual ingredients (thin pancakes with the goat, a large sort of crouton with the scallops), but we had to ask for an explanation.  Overall, I'm glad we tried Grit and Grace, but don't think we'd go back.
4	The belly pork was so good. Although dim sum is not really Hong Kong style dim sum, but they are still good. Sometimes. Ppl just too judgmental if the food is not what they thought. I also had noodle soup there, according the waiter, they spend 2 days to make the broth so I think it's good, it tasted mild and you can tell they didn't put too msg. I def will go again.
5	Tried this place out & VERY happy I did. The food is a great Asian inspired fusion with a modern take which is really refreshing. I always get a shaved flank steak as it's just the perfect amount of food. ... not too much & fills you up. Really enjoy the small appetizer plates that they bring to the table... really different & I think they change them up daily. I've LOVED all of the appetizer plates that I've tried thus far & expect I'll continue to feel that way. They've also got a super cool drink for 2 or for 4 called the scorpion which has a flame in the center. Way cool looking drink as well as good.
5	Great staff. Very chill. Delicious food. I literally walked all over the area looking for a spot and this is the only one that offered anything remotely delicious and healthy.
4	Had the roasted pork Ramen, good flavor! The mushrooms were a bit much, but added a nice taste to the broth, which was also good. Loved the noodles, and poking open the egg helped.
4	Overall the food tastes good but can definitely improve. I really liked the idea of showing you a tray of appetizers to pick from. The smoked tofu noodles was tasty. I had the brisket sandwich for lunch. Taste was good but I think the kraut was a little too sour and also it was too greasy.
5	Everything is just absurdly good! I cannot accurately put in to words how utterly delicious Grit & Grace is.  Without a doubt my favourite dish was the short rib biscuit. Heavenly!! The cream cheese biscuit is It is topped firstly with melted aged white cheddar, followed by the tender succulent short rib which is delicately topped off with a creamy hollandaise sauce. Perfection. It was also Negroni Week, which meant $1 from every Negroni cocktail purchased went towards Rainbow Kitchen Community Services. Excited to try one even before I even sat down, I start chatting to the hostess about them and she recommended one that wasn't on the menu. A Negroni variation composed of Campari, Vermouth and...Mezcal! It was a surprisingly smokey and a winning combination. In fact, I recommended to the the two ladies seated next to us. They ordered it too and were very pleased with the recommendation.Everything was amazing --Dim sum: steak tartare, "sam"chi, fried pig's ear (special of the night) and of course the pork belly bites. Menu items: short rib biscuit, braised goat's curry.Cocktails: Boulevardier Negroni (Bourbon, Campari, Sweet Vermouth) and off-menu Negroni (Mezcal, Campari, Vermouth)Get your behinds Downtown and into Grit & Grace. Your tastebuds will thank you!
5	This is my little Pittsburgh gem in the middle of downtown. It helps that I work within a stones throw of this well done restaurant. The lovely manager behind the bar one night mentioned that "Grit & Grace is not trying to be something that they are not." I have been twice, once for dinner, ordering from the dim sum tray and another time with friends having a glass of wine at the bar. The service is always very attentive and efficient. The steak tartare and brussels sprouts on the dim sum tray are both great options as starters and at $5 each, it is a great value. The patio is also a nice addition if you want to sit on the patio. Be warned that many of the tables are communal and I sat with a friend in the middle of 2 other couples so if you value privacy; ask for your own table. If not, make new friends. In all, I have always been impressed, it's great food in the middle of downtown Pittsburgh.
3	My friends and I decided to go here when we walked by on a whim. We looked up the menu before entering and was excited for the type of food served here. We started with the dim sum with the pork belly bites and pepperoni arancini. Both dim sum choices were delicious. For entrees, the crispy pig face roulade and seared hanger steak were selected. Although the pig face roulade was good, there was not much to the plate so it left me wanting more. The same feeling was with the seared hanger steak. It left us feeling more. The one redeeming factor were the drinks. I highly recommend Jambie the Genie and Scorpion. Not only were they a lovely combination of liquor but the cups they came in were awesome. The food was good but I would hesitate to go back because of the serving size to price ratio.
5	Wow. Wow. Just... Wow. I wasn't sure what to expect when my friend told me we were having Asian/American tapas, but I will tell you: they are AMAZING. Let me paint you a picture: Pork belly, kimchi, steamed pork buns and short ribs gliding around on trays served dim-sum style accompanied by a menu boasting such items as brisket sandwiches with pickled veggies, fresh day boat scallops and pork roulade to name a few. There are also plenty of vegetarian items, as well. Grit & Grace also has a rather impressive cocktail menu along with a lovely beer and wine selection. The space is gorgeous -- sleek and dimly-lit, with a bar up front and smaller tables and banquettes in the back. It's a great option for groups and couples alike. I was impressed by the service -- super on top of things and really friendly. They're all about making it clear how things work, and explain the different dishes (some of which have many components) happily to ensure you get exactly what you want. Out of all the restaurants I was lucky to visit while I was in Pittsburgh, I'm going to go ahead and say this one was my favorite -- it's very cool, very unique, very welcoming and very enjoyable. Well done Grit & Grace!
3	Went here on a Friday with my boyfriend and well it was an ok experience... Nothing I would really want to go back to and check out again, food wasn't so great but the brisket biscuit sandwich was pretty good, also I felt like we were getting rushed out and everyone was trying to leave early that worked there, not to pleased with that .
2	I will not eat there again. The service was spotty and so was the food. The dim sum was interesting and tasty, but then my partners food was brought out all together (main course and salad) I then sat and watched him eat. His salad looked like it came right out of a bag from the grocery store. A little while later my "salad"came and it was a very odd and not tasty arrangement. Then while I was trying to eat my salad my main dish was dropped on the table. For the price and the hype it was very disappointing. We asked if they were overly busy that night and were told it was slow for them, so that wasn't a reason for the poor service. We mentioned to our waiter that it was our anniversary and not only did he not congratulate us, it was as if he didn't listen. Save your money, go someplace else.
5	I recommend this as priority! What an experience! Staff is great, ambiance is great, and the food.... From the dim sum to dessert, everything was excellent! The menu is designed to order share-able plates, which is wonderful so you can try many things. My boyfriend and I ordered Pork belly bites and corned beef tongue from dim sum, then the braised goat, hanger steak noodles and short ribs on a biscuit and for dessert, their take on "DIRT", the boyfriend doesn't typically like dessert or sweets but he helped me clean that dish!!! With every bite we lite up! My boyfriend keeps repeating "I love that dinner" " That dinner was great" "That was such a great time"!! As a chef, I love going out to all these great restaurants in Pittsburgh and appreciating their charm, and this is one of the best.
4	Great place to hang out and have some great food and great cocktails.
5	Wandered in on a thurs. Night with my husband and so glad we did!  They walk around with $5 dim sums you can choose right off the platter..so good. . We had the crispy pork belly, a tofu slad, and braised tongue.. also had the iceburg salad, meatball and chicken Rammen soup (fantastic) & my favorite which was the short ribs on biscuits with Hollandaise sauce. .so scrumptious!  The atmosphere is really cool also. . Seems more like a restaurant that would be in New York. . The architecture is totally trendy.  We didn't have any alcohol that night but there were plenty of beers  and specialty drinks.. Can't wait to go again with some friends!
5	We went on a Sunday night for dinner and we loved it. We were pleasantly surprised by their concept of small and large share-able plates which meant we got to try more things.We got a bunch of different things but the real standouts were the pork belly bites, the brisket sandwich and the chicken meatball ramen. Those dishes were fantastic and we definitely left with full bellies and smiles on our faces.
4	My bf and I visited Grit&Grace on a Saturday for Restaurant Week this past winter. I had wanted to come here since I first heard of it and it lived up to every expectation I had. Our reservations were at 9:30pm and we arrived about 15 minutes early and were promptly taken to our table. I love the decor-very industrialist. I'd love to sit at the bar the next time we go because oh yes, we will 100% be back!Our server was very friendly, immediately filled our water glasses, explained the concept of the dim sum (which is served by someone else who has dim sum on a cart and takes it through the restaurant.),and then let us explore the menu. We chose to do mostly dim sum since that was the restaurant week special (buy 4 get a 5th free). Since they have 5 dim sum choices total we got to try one of everything! The dim sum must change frequently because when we viewed the options on their website prior to going only the pork belly was an option for us to choose. The five dim sum options on our visit were:1. Pork belly bites with orange,ginger,garlic, and chili2. Shrimp Salad with kimchi vinagrette, broccolini, and sesame and curried raisins3.crispy pigs head with corriander mustard pickled cauliflower and mustard seeds4. scallops with miso dashi gelee, lime and red pepper5. rice noodle salad with heirloom radish cucumber fennel gelee and citrus and chili vinagretteWe ordered two items off their "tapas style" menu as well:6. Crispy pigs face roulade with a sunny side up egg, herb salad chicarrons, egg yolk, hot sauce, toasted sourdough, and miso apple butter7. short ribs with cream cheese biscuits, aged white cheddar cheese and hollandaiseMy favorite dish was hands-down the short ribs. The cream cheese biscuits were amazing and the meat tender. My bf favorite was the crispy pigs face roulade. My bf later ordered a cocktail the "hongcouver". It doesn't fit my palate at all but he said it was one of the best drinks he has had. We asked our server and she said they even make their own simple syrup! Both of us agreed that Grit&Grace was well worth our $100 tab and we can't wait to come back in the (near) future!
5	It's tempting to do a 1-sentence "OMG" style review, but Grit and Grace deserves better. Absolutely everything that comes out of that kitchen is delectable, balanced, and brilliantly conceived. The menu itself is an adventure that can be intimidating (pig face) and confusing to the casual diner (schmaltz carrots). To add to the drama is a concise yet varied dim sum offering. I love being able to preview and discuss the concatenation of food, and time spent with the dim sum server was fun and satisfying in that regard and the only hardship was having to make a choice. EVERYTHING was wonderful. That almost never happens. I've been to the best dim sum in Chinatown San Francisco where everything is decidedly NOT wonderful. This chef has designed dim sum for the American palate no matter how so-called sophisticated it may arrive. Every bite of every dish was brilliantly thought out and balanced, but lets face it the TASTE was amazing and that is what was most important. You don't have to be a foodie to enjoy the food here, but foodie's rejoice because you totally will. If you're not a foodie and you validate yourself with the notion that you are an unpretentious eater and fancy food isn't for you... well think again... this food is for you too. My guess is that this chef knows his clientele, and he knows how to raise the bar high enough for the foodies and keep the flavors in the right zone for the "unpretentious" as well. I could go into detail on each dish, but each dish is its own journey and that would take up too much space. I will say the small plate portions may throw you, but the richness of the food fills you up so smaller is better. The larger plate portions are very filling so don't let appearances deceive your appetite. We were stuffed by the end of our meals after sampling only 3 dishes each (and sharing of course). The desserts were sublime as well. Rye cake with strawberries and coconut mousse... fabulous. Can one give this place 6 stars?
5	Had a wonderful dessert/cocktail date there with my husband.  The drinks were inventive and the dessert was out of this world.  Love the vibe and we will definitely return.
4	I'm not a fancy man but I really enjoyed pretending to be this time. (It's a rare occasion.)  My friends and I were the first customers for a late Saturday lunch.  Our lovely waitress explained the tapas style dining but we opted in for the "every man for them self" adventure where we order what we want and refuse to share.  Across the table we had the shaved flank steak ramen, day boat scallops, smoked brisket and the buttermilk chicken wings.  All of it was fantastic and the portion sizes were ideal.  Drink wise- I usually don't go for super sweet cocktails right off the bat, but sometimes I strike and hit a home run.  I ordered their gin and tonic, made with house made tonic and orange bitters.  Ladies and gents, you can't taste an ounce of liquor and it's well worth every penny.  This is a great place and I'd go back fo sho.
5	Food was super interesting and tasty.  Sit at the bar and get great service and cool drinks from Erin.
5	Another example of how Pittsburgh restaurants are killing it lately...We made reservations for this place early in the day at the recommendation of family who live in the area.Throughout the day, I asked locals where a good place to eat was and most of them pointed us here.Went here with some family. The design of this place (especially the ceiling behind the bar) was amazing.I would describe this as a dim sum meets tapas sort of vibe. Alot of shared plates, mainly a Asian and French feel.We tried the:Roast Pork Ramen (This was enough to bring me back, perfectly cooked 5 minute egg!)The pigface sandwich (I need this in my life daily!)The roast pork dim sumthe Kimchi (get this with anything you order...it is the perfect tang!)The Scorpion bowl (watch out for the fire...had a small paper umbrella set a scorch on ours...but my boy scout training lead me to extinguish the flame..no worries!) I am craving this place as I type...Pro Tip-If you get the Ramen and are a slurper like me...wear a bib. I lost a shirt to their amazing Ramen broth...but it was worth it.
5	Love this place! Been here a couple times and never disappointed. Each time, we sat at the bar and the bar staff is exceptional. Friendly, helpful, social and on top of it. The food is outstanding. I've eaten about half the menu and I dont have one bad thing to say. It is delicious everytime. I went with my husband one time and before we went down he looked at the menu online. He said the menu had a "bunch of werid stuff". I promised him it would be good and I came through on my promise. We ordered one of the ramen bowls and he ended up drinking the broth right out of the bowl. The dim sum is also phenomenal, especially the pork belly. I crave it all the time. Definitely recommend and looking forward to my next visit.
5	The best way to describe this place is an Asian-fusion, New American bistro. They come around with these "tapas" for appetizers, and bring them around for you to buy as you wait for your food to come out. Our table tried the pork belly bites, which were essentially just un-fried pork rinds and were delicious in their sweet sauce. We also grabbed the steak tartar, which was prepared with peanuts and spices. It was a nice flavor combo. The main dish, I had pig face! This is a rarity on any high class menu across the nation. It was stripped and put on top of an open face piece of bread with apple butter on it. A fried egg and greens finish it off, as well as spicy green sauce.  This was a very tasty meal, in an upscale location that clearly goes after the local business clientele. As good as any meal I've enjoyed in LA.
4	Came here on a Friday night after seeing a show in the Cultural District.  It is a nice upscale place Downtown with a rather unique menu.  Best way that I could describe it was Upscale American Asian Fusion.  The atmosphere is nice and it was quiet in there.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  My friend and I ordered the Pork Belly Bites and the House Kimchi from the American Dim Sum menu, as well as the Flank Steak and the Roast Pork Ramen for our entrees, and some kind of a salad that was pretty good.  Everything was absolutely delicious!  The pork belly bites were cubed and the thickness gave it a flavor that you don't usually get with thinly sliced pork belly.  The kimchi was not very hot or spicy, but it had a really unque flavor to it that was quite tasty.  The Flank Steak and the Roast Pork Ramen were both as delicious as they sound.  This place is a little pricey, but I expect that from an upscale place Downtown.  Besides, the food was so tasty that it was definitely worth it.  There are so many wonderful places to eat Downtown and I like to try new places.  But I would definitely consider eating here again anytime I'm hanging out Downtown.
2	I had a small dim sum starter that was 3 bites. Head cheese and stuff. Light, good, but not too flavorful. And a salad with eggplant, romaine, edamame, and house cheese. Not flavorful at all. Small. 10 dollars. Nothing to it.
4	The short ribs and pork belly bites are fantastic!  Great atmosphere and good service!
4	I was excited to finally try this place after hearing so many great things about it.  I am happy to report that it did not disappoint.  I visited with a friend late on a Friday evening.  We were promptly greeted and given the option of bar seating, communal table seating or the booths in the back.  It was nice to have a variety of options.  We chose the booths because we wanted to be able to chat.  The waitress asked if we had ever been there before and when we said no, she explained the menu and the dim sum "cart."  I like the way that the menu is laid out essentially by portion size.  It gives you a better idea of what to expect from each item that you order.After hearing so much about their cocktails, I was eager to try them.  I tried the Jungle Bird which had dark rum, campari, smoked pineapple and lime.  I enjoyed it but it was different than I was expecting.  I was also hoping for a larger cocktail for the price.We started with the pork belly bites and teh house kimchi.  Both were delicious.  I often don't like kinchi and I found myself wanting more once it was gone.  The pork belly was perfectly seasoned and tender.  The next course was the roasted carrot salad.  It had just the right amount of each ingredient (edamame, romaine hearts and cheese curds) and the dressing was a great combination of sweet with a litte kick.  It was refreshing and fun.For the main dishes, we tried the roast pork ramen and the flank steak.  It was a toss up between the two since both were so excellent.  I also enjoyed that the server brought two bowls and spoons so it made it easier to share the ramen soup.The downsides to this restaurant are the price.  Everything is tasty and I did leave totally satisfied, but with the smaller portions, things can really add up fast.  The bathroom is also down a set of stairs and through a hallway which can be a tad inconvenient.I did really enjoy our experience and hope to return with my husband soon.
3	I came here with really high expectations. There were a lot of articles saying how it is an amazing place to eat. The dim sum experience is nothing like the asian experience and the variety is very limited (4 options). The pork belly bits were very tasty and they were the only ones we got. The ramen (chicken meatball) wasn't anything special either. The ambiance was very nice, but the food itself was very mediocre. Howeverrrrr, the dessert was really good. Something like dirt pudding dessert. That was very worth getting. If you are craving asian dim sum, don't bother coming here. If you are craving anything asian don't come here.
5	We have eaten here several times, as we live in the neighborhood.  Had dinner there just the other night, and had to write a review.  In short, this is the kind of cooking that made me want to be a chef when I was a younger person.  Truly creative, beautifully expressive, engaging.  Yes, those are some pretty tall words for a restaurant review, but truly fine food should be an experience, and Grit & Grace delivers that in spades.First, the cocktails.  They don't make as big a deal about it as say Tender in Lawrenceville (which makes some SERIOUSLY good cocktails), but I would say that their Gin-and Tonic is right up there with the best of the "new-old cocktail" trend.  You will never think of a gin and tonic the same way again.Next, the Dim Sum.  This is part of their theme, and it really works.  They have my favorite Kimchi in all the land.  Maybe not as funky as the best authentic Kimchi, but fresh, tasty, spiced very well, constantly good, and delicious.They have a Soba Noodle and smoked tofu dim sum that is also excellent.  Noodles cooked perfectly, great layering of flavors, beautiful tofu.  Did he just say "beautiful tofu?" Yes, he did.  If you've seen my review of Nine-On-Nine, you know how I feel about restaurants serving lame vegetarian dishes.  Grit & Grace serves unapologetically excellent vegetarian dishes, and that's how it should be done.  A restaurant should never say "we're serving this dish because you don't eat meat".  They should say "we're serving this dish because it's truly great tasting.  BTW, it doesn't have meat in it."The Pork Rillette (sp?) Dimsum is also beautiful, so good in fact that you're veggie-friends can just eat the greens and pickled veg and have a terrific experience (if they're not hung up on letting you eat the pork Rillette, which is yummy).For dinner, we had the Seafood sausage, and their Ramen dish with pork belly and 5 minute egg.  The seafood sausage was one of the best plates I've seen, and enjoyed in a long-long time.  Beautifully layered flavors, and if I could get that sausage in the market, it would be in the cart ever week.  The Ramen was equally good, with a fantastic broth and perfectly cooked ramen.  And the star of the Ramen dish?  The marinated shitake, and the triangle of seaweed on the side of the bowl.  No kidding. Again, beautifully layered dish, where each component brings something to make the dish more interesting, not just more complicated (I'm looking at you Cure...).  In case you were wondering, the smoked pork belly was also great, just not in a way that was so unexpected.Portion sizes are perfect as well, just a little on the small side, so you're satisfied without being fatigued.  With the Dimsum beforehand, it's just right.Now, I've given 5-stars because I don't think you can serve food that's this truly interesting and not get the recognition that that deserves.  But all is not perfect at Grist & Grace.  Their front-of-house has always been a bit "wobbly" in our experience. Just a bit not quite right.  And for a restaurant that has the Dim Sum thing as such an important part of their overall theme, it's a bit surprising how long it can take for the first round to make its way to the table.  The dim sum dishes are cold, so....But with that in mind, go there, it's definitely among the very best of the 'burgh.
5	Spectacular!  What a great evening we had!We made a OpenTable reservation and in the notes requested a different time.  They called us and told us "No problem, thanks for choosing to dine with us!"  Very nice.The Dim Sum was awesome as was everything else we ate.  Perfect match of flavor and texture.  Everything was also properly seasoned....HUGE plus!I had a cocktail, and it was delicious.  I've drank there before, and those bartenders have genuine skill.  They use great products...local and beyond...and mix it up well.  Their homemade tonic is out of this world!We dined here before attending a show at Heinz Hall.  We will absolutely repeat that next time...thank you Grit & Grace for being a great spot!
4	Came here on a whim with the bf for a late night drink and snack and was really impressed by the ambiance of Grit and Grace. The stand-out, spectacular dish of the night was the eggplant marinated in miso. Seriously, this dish blew me away, because the texture of the eggplant is like sashimi in an amazing, original way. Great dish for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. We enjoyed the dim sum as well, but it seemed a little bit less fresh and inspired (maybe because it was around 9 at night), although the kimchi was so tasty. My biggest gripe is with the cocktails, because at $10 a pop they were very light on the booze. I recommend ordering a reliable classic off the menu for a better bang for your buck.
3	Pros: Great ambience and lovely place for a date. Not many choices for a vegetarian or pescetarian unfortunately. I loved the heirloom tomato dish and the scallops were great too. We ordered the dirt dessert and it was delicious!! Cons: The eggplant with miso was a little bland and not what We expected. The plates are very small, so you end up spending a little more to fill up... The staff there acts a little too cool for school and could be a little more warm.
5	Pittsburgh really is a city that has some outstanding restaurants, and Grit and Grace is no exception. A group of us dined here recently, we ordered a lot of small and large plates that we shared between us. The food was excellent. I can't say a thing wrong. I will tell you to not be put off by their website, it does not do the restaurant justice, I don't know who designed their web page but it does not conjure up a restaurant that is trendy, stylish, innovative and creative. They have their own take on a dim sum experience, when one of the wait staff brings over a selection of small plates that you can choose. We tried each other's and agreed they were all yummy, we then moved onto a series of plates, I don't think you could order poorly here. We ordered a lot of food, highlights were the miso braised eggplant, seafood sausage, short ribs (melts in your mouth good), and scallops. We were satisfied and had a wonderful evening and left absolutely stuffed. Although we did go for a sharing all of our food experience. The decor is very aesthetically pleasing. The cocktails are good, those bartenders know their drinks! and the restaurant has a wonderful vibe. Go here! You'll be really happy that you do!
5	I've only been a few times but it has always been enjoyable.   The staff is always friendly and fairly quick and the few times I've sat at the bar I've always had a bartender with the right attitude for the atmosphere. Awesome place for a nightcap after dinner to keep the date going.
5	Fantastic! Had a brisket sandwich and it was perfection! Definitely a place to check out for lunch!
1	We tried really hard to like this restaurant. Menu sounded great. And while some of the ingredients were expertly prepared - the shortrib in the shortrib appetizer was excellent, as was the goat in the goat curry - on the whole the food was drenched in overpoweringly sweet, cheesy, and/or spicy sauces that hijacked our mouths and obscured the main ingredients rather than enhanced them. As well, someone in the kitchen was going crazy with the salt shaker. On the positive side, prices were reasonable. It's also not the most comfortable restaurant, with lots of high tables and backless benches for seating.  While the bar area and main seating area are pleasant, the room in the back opens onto a bland hallway that leads to the bathrooms and feels like Siberia. THey have a good beer selection, but alas, one of the two bottles we ordered wasn't cold enough. It wouldn't take much for this restaurant to be a 4-star place. Let the food do its thing without the crutch of gloppy sauces and a too heavy hand on the salt shaker.
1	Went to pittsburgh for something different.  This restaurant was about 4th choice.  All the other places we tried to eat were booked solid for the night.  It amazes me that ordinary bar style restaurants run on so purely on reservation alone in this town.  65% empty tables and they say they are booked.  I have never been in town with such nonsense.  So this leads is to grit and grace.  I had this bookmarked on yelp because of its proximity to the other restaurants.   Also the fact that it was rated 4.5 stars on yelp.  4.5 stars should have ensured an amazing meal.  I guess people don't ask for much in this city.  The bartender was nice and good with what she had to work with.  The food was mediocre at best.  They call it American dim sum, someone with a tray brings around small bites.  You are lucky to get her to stop at your area once an hour.  We went and had pizza right after this place, we were starving!    They also refill the liquor bottles behind the bar with half gallon bottles.. Makes you wonder where else they are cutting corners.  I have also eaten at many tapas places in other cities.  amazing tapas restaurants with very high end ingredients, and creativity that were way cheaper run by celebrity chefs.  The prices were very high for what you were ordering.  They also talked about all the fresh ingredients for drinks, all the pride in this category.  The liquor selection was a step above dive bar status.  They were using heaven hill bourbon for cocktails.  I do though think this place has an interesting concept that's a bit different, it's just executed poorly.  My final thoughts are that I wouldn't eat here again.  Nothing was memorable.. In Pittsburgh, don't rely on user reviews.. Pittsburgh is a food desert.
4	I am a bit torn on Grit & Grace. We've been there twice. I love the atmosphere - dimly lit, the browns and golds, cozy. The hostess and servers are fantastic. The cocktails good. We've enjoyed all our food and not been disappointed with anything we've ordered, but... Perhaps because of the final tally on the bill... Perhaps because it caters more to my husband's flavor preferences than mine (miso, garlic, pickling, chili, dashi)... both times I've left a tad disappointed. Not in a "we won't go back" kind of way, just in a "gosh that was an awful lot of money and I feel vaguely unsatisfied and I'm just not sure that when I compare it against other restaurants where we spend that much that it was really worth it" kind of way. But I'd go back.
4	Love the dim sum concept - almost wish they'd just go with that and skip the whole menu entirely.   We ordered two dim sum options from the tray, two salads, and two small plates.   The dim sum options were by far the best things we tried.   They were actually pretty amazing.   The smoked tofu & soba noodle salad was tangy and delicious - a perfect compliment to the pork belly bites, which were rich and buttery.  Then on to the salads.  The iceberg was described as "inspired" by the ginger dressing salad you get at Japanese restaurants.  It was actually almost identical to that, which ended up seeming a little uninspired after the two very special dim sum treats.   My salad was the miso braised eggplant, which was delicious and flavorful, albeit a little small for $9.   Finally, we tried some small plates.  The confit chicken wings were great.  Tender and saucy, with a kick of spice from some red jalapenos.   The crispy pig face roulade, though, was a disappointment.  I'm not sure where the "roulade" was actually - it was presented as an open faced sandwich with meat, etc. and a fried egg on top.  I was given a steak knife to cut it with, but it was insufficient to tackle the task.  In the end, I had very unevenly balanced bites and I worked really hard to keep it all on the plate as I was butchering it.  Way too much work for something that paled in comparison with everything else we ordered.  Bottom line - stick to the dim sum.  Everything on that tray looked amazing!
5	My friend brought me to this restaurant and I should say it's brilliant! The food is delicate, healthy, beautiful and beyond imagination. Here sharing is encouraged. That means you can try various dishes without getting stuffed by just a single one. Even they do Dim Sum, or appetizer, tapas, whatever you call. It's a small plate prior to your main dish and somebody will walking around to serves these dim sum so you can stop them and get one anytime. What you see is what you get. What I like most about this restaurant is its fusion style. Somehow you can tell the chief may be a cantonese or the cuisine is oriental-inspired, but they are cooked in pretty "western" way. It doesn't contain too much oil or sauce so the original flavour of the food is kept. And almost every dish has multiple ingredients but nothing overwhelms. They work together very well and it adds to your fun when you taste it and try to tell what it is.Definitely recommend to everyone.
4	Food was great. Small tapas plates which were fun for our group. We ordered the Dim Sum which they bring out on a platter and you can pick which plate you would like. That made it easier. The steak tartar was amazing and the chicken liver was also great. Needed a few more slices of toast to spread. The scallops were good but a little too cooked and not many to share and the steak w flat noodles was good but not enough steak for the price and a little too much oil. We had the "dirt" for dessert which was really good and enough to share for 2-3 people. The restaurant itself is awesome. Great Hi guys please let me know who and how many for tomorrow's TRX. Thx!!seating and fun vibe. Bar looked fun and drinks were creative. We would come back to taste a few new plates for sure and or even just have a cocktails.  Located on liberty ave so you can walk around to Penn and venture around.
3	Grit and Grace was just ok. I was really looking forward to it and was disappointed.  I visited for lunch.I had the Kimchi (a la Dim Sum, brought around to the tables) appetizer which was spicy and delicious.The roasted pork ramen was fine, but lacked any serious substance, and I hated the mushrooms.  I'm not 100% sure of the preparation of the mushrooms, but they were way too strong and they certainly didn't gel with the rest of the dish. The roasted pork was small bites of pork belly --- I would have appreciated either more of it, or real pieces of pork. Underwhelming at $13.I get that Pork Belly is all the rage.  I had some recently at the nearby the Butcher and the Rye. But I need something more substantial than that.  More than $0.40 worth of pasta.The flank steak with rice noodles was better, but again, underwhelming for $16.The ambiance is nice and very modern. The service was good.While the dishes looked very good coming out of the kitchen, I felt like the appearance wasn't supported --- Grit and Grace didn't really deliver.  It was style over substance!The total price for lunch for two was $50, not including tip.For similar cuisine, at around half the price, I'd rather take a short walk down to Penn Avenue and go to Nicky's Thai Kitchen.While I would have given G&G four-stars for the food and service, I've got to round down due to poor value.
4	Oh Grit&Grace, how I have longed for your short ribs for the past several months, it had been too long,old friend. I dined here again (finally!), this past Friday, 11/21/14, during light up night downtown. We had 7pm reservations and we arrived early,around 6:40 and were able to be seated promptly, however, they were obviously very busy at that time. The dim sum tray actually came around before our server did so we partook in that first. Glad we did because the tray actually never returned to our table after it's initial visit. We had the pork belly bites (described in my previous review-very tasty). We also chose the corned beef hash brown with russian dressing and an herb salad. There were spicy peppers in the mesculn mix (I think possibly sirano peppers) that gave the dish a nice kick at the end. I think I may have liked the hash brown more than the pork belly bites! Our server came over soon after we chose our dim sum and brought our drinks over quickly. I went with the mai tai-and WOW, I think I was buzzed after simply eating the 151 cherry that was on the end of the straw! It was very nicely made and presented in the tiki glass (pic is up). My boyfriend tried and even he was taken aback at how strong it was. He ordered his creature of habit usual-a beer. We then chose to order off the menu. Of course we ordered the short ribs (actually ended up getting 2 orders of them) but this time, since I had already had the pig face sandwich and he had never been here before, we went with the smoked brisket sandwich. This was my second favorite item (behind the short ribs) that we ordered. Described as smoked brisket, kohlrabi kraut, thousand island sabayon, pickled red onions, horseradish cream, baguette ($11), this was a great take on a reuben sandwich, served with pickled cauliflower and a spicy mustard on the side. I probably could have eaten a whole one myself, it was that good,however, coupled with everything else we ordered, splitting it was fine with me. I hate to end on a less than positive note, but the only disappointing part of the meal was dessert. Maybe I should have thought twice about ordering it considering thta seems to be the common sentiment-dessert here is lacking- however, I wanted something sweet so we chose the salted caramel option. it sounded interesting a sit also included candied beets, however, the salted caramel flavor was lacking and the graham crackers crumbs made the dish far too dry. Of course I'll return to Grit&Grace having had 2 mostly positive experiences there,however, I think it's safe to say, in the future, I will forgo dessert and partake in that elsewhere.
5	More like 4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up.  I've been 4 times and the highlights food-wise have been the pork belly bites, the short rib biscuit, the kim chi, the eggplant (outstanding!!), and the hanger steak.  I was not as blown away by the ramen.  The atmosphere is great. The curved wooden, flowing bar and backdrop are lovely and soothing.  Get a reservation in advance!!
5	I absolutely loved this restaurant and can't wait to come back. The American style dim-sum is an awesome and fun way to eat and the food is excellent! Get the scorpion drink to share, you won't be disappointed. Some of the staff were a pretty snobby though. Big buzz kill (and I am coming from NYC, so wtf...). Hope that attitude dies out soon.
5	This place is now my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The service was great, the presentation of the food was phenomenal, and the food itself was creative and ughp39orielk amazing...If I could eat here for the rest of my life I'd be happy.  We wanted to get a little bit of everything, we got the smoked tofu & soba noodle salad (dim sum - but I wish I had more) the sunchoke salad (I didn't even know sunchokes were this good) and the Arctic char (chickpea fritters that accompanied it were spectacular)
3	Just OK in my opinion. I had the pork belly bites which I have had before at another restaurant and compared to he first place I tried them, these were really sub par. They were under cooked and tasted like I was eating just fat.The kimchi salad was okay but again not as tangy as the real kimchi I've had at Korean restaurants. When we ordered our food it came out in a decent manor. I also ordered a Lemonade that the dolled up really nice with pomegranate juice and some homemade grenadine. it was very delicious. Back to the food, I ordered the crispy tofu dish. The tofu was perfectly cooked as was the book toy but everything tasted like different flavored salts. Almost like when you eat Ramen noodles with shrimp, chicken and beef flavor. I didn't taste any real seasoning though. No significant flavors just Salt.My husbands dish was similar, he ordered the flank steak noodle dish but It was even saltier than mine was. I was very disappointed especially since they have such good reviews on YELP and the prices are in the moderate range.I don't think I will visit this place again. I'd rather spend $15 on an entire athentic again spot in Oakland then to waste $75 on imitation or americanized Asian.
4	It was our first time dining here a few days ago because I was craving ramen.  My hubby and I figured we'd try out this place bc of great reviews.  My hubby loved the food.  It might not be the best place to get ramen and not the best tasting ramen I've ever had, but it's still pretty good and satisfied my craving.  The soup was a little sour for my taste, but I just balanced it with a little seasoning.The rest of the food we had were amazing!  Our server came up right away and talked to us about the menu.  The dimsum server came up with a tray and we got the pork belly, which was good! It was sweet and salty and cut the perfect bite size.  For some reason, my hubby said he thought or wished it was actually deep friend like chicharon or pork rind. Lol.We also shared the short rib biscuit.  My hubby got the pig face roulade and chicken wings.  He loved the wings because they were the crunchy dried ones that you dip in the sauce instead of it swimming in sauce.  The only thing is, they probably should've told him the rest of the sauce is at the bottom of the dish, or maybe serve it separately.  He enjoyed both dishes.  The wings were delish just be careful biting into the red chili. One order had 7-8 wings.  If you are really hungry, you might have to spend more bc some dishes are super small portions.  We also had the brownie with pears and rice krispies.  Can't go wrong with a brownie dessert.I like the decor but the place is small.  We were seated right away without a reservation but that was around 6:00 on a weekday.  When we left, the place was packed, so always safer to have a reservation.  One of the cons was that we were seated in the two person table, crowded by the bathroom, register and kitchen.
5	It's hard for restaurants to earn a 5 star review from me, but I think I found my 5 star in Pittsburgh. The food was perfectly portioned -enough for a small dinner after a workout or order multiple dishes to share with friends. The service was excellent the bartender knew the menu and the drinks. I highly recommend this place to my friends and I will be back in the future. The ambiance was nice. The food was delicious. Some homemade mixers and locally sourced food. A solid restaurant.
4	We'll prepared food .Amazing drinks ,they were the best. I lived the chickpea fritters. I would have loved more vegetarian offerings.Friendly and attentive bar and managerial staff. Nice atmosphere Perfect tiki drinksThis isn't for the stroller crowd, no tater tots or hotdogs here!   I love eating in an adult environment!
2	Overall not impressed, the food is not all that great and the atmosphere treats itself bigger than it should. Pork dim sum was bland and the $16 flank steak noodles were drenched in salt ... At the very least the staff was extremely nice and I hear the tofu dim sum was decent... Just not my place I guess
4	Grit & Grace is a combination bar/dim sum spot/ordinary restaurant. Their food is a fusion of various Chinese and Japanese themes with an American slant. The dim sum works as follows. There are five dishes (I don't know if they rotate) that are in small bowels carried around the restaurant on trays. If you want to grab one, just get the tray-bearers attention and take it off the tray. We tried the pork belly bites (very good) and the kimchi (amazing). Our cocktails were excellent. However, I'd say the real star of the night, to my surprise, was the chicken meatball ramen, which we tried over the more traditional tonkatsu broth ramen. Our last food item was the steam bun, which was good, although the housemade mortadella (an Italian-style sausage) was too reminiscent of a hot dog for me to really fall in love with the dish.The service was very good, and the setting was great. Above our table was a terrarium. I couldn't tell if it was a permanent fixture or part of the holiday decorations.
4	We sat at the communal tables, you needed a reservation for the others. But it was okay because we weren't that dressed up. The dim sum feature was fantastic. We tried all 5 types-I thought the fritter was the best. For my entree I ordered the pig face roulade. It was great but to me it felt like a good brunch  entree rather than a dinner entree. Nevertheless, I will definitely come back here again. Great atmosphere especially at the common tables. Very reasonably priced.
5	Some of the best food I've had in Pittsburgh. I love the dim sum, both for the experience and the taste. Pork belly bites, brussel  sprout kimchi, meatballs, and steak tartare all great. The short rib cheddar biscuit is amazing. I may order two next time. Scallops were fantastic as well.
4	This place was very very good. The cocktails (too many ingredients, boat drinks) were absolutely delicious and the beer menu was acceptable. The food was also very good. The most memorable dishes were the pork belly dim sum, brussels sprout dim sum, the steamed bun, the wings. The pork face roulade, and the brisket sandwich were very good and larger than expected. The sunchoke salad, the beef tartare, the brisket were good but not the best. The brownie in the dessert was just ok but the sesame crispees were pretty delicious. The service was good, the ambiance was trendy. I would highly recommend for a group to share all their delicious little bites family style. It would be good for date night but you just don't get to try as much!
5	This gets my "it's no less than a 4" review ... not sure it's a five ... but I bumped it up when I thought ... well ... have I ever had BETTER ramen? Have I ever had a BETTER steamed bun? Nope.  Sure haven't.The mortadella steamed bun was one of the best dishes I had in the last five years.  A++ ... will buy again from this seller.
5	Great food, great drink, and cozy atmosphere! We ordered short ribs biscuit, pork belly dim sum, and hanger steak. All are awesome!!!
1	I attempted to purchase a gift card from Grit & Grace for my brother in law for Christmas. I emailed them (you cannot purchase on the website and I live out of state) a few days after Thanksgiving, and waited. And waited. I have never gotten a response from their superb customer service team. Is that any way to get business? I emailed saying I want to give you my money and you can't respond? I could have called, but after a few days I was just curious to see the outcome. The end result is my money went elsewhere.
