4	I'm originally from NE Ohio and I'd never seen a Chipotle that didn't have a line of people going out the door. But this one on S. Eastern is often empty when I go there. That made me nervous, but maybe it's because there are so many Mexican and Mexican-style restaurants in the area already.  The food here is just as good as any other Chipotle, and the place looks clean.  The staff are friendly and service is pretty quick.  I've never eaten there- I always get takeout. Parking is a problem because there are other restaurants in the area, so unless you like waiting for a place to park or don't mind having to walk a bit, I'd suggest going during the times that most people aren't headed out to restaurants.
3	The place is clean.  Prices are always decent.  The burritos, tacos, and salad are big.  It's just that the food here gets a bit tiring for me.  I know of people who really love this place though, and don't seem to get tired of it.  It's just that there isn't much of a variety to choose from.  You've got your salads, tacos, or burritos all of which that consist of the same stuff.
2	I love me some burritos, however my major gripe about Chipotle is the god damn cilantro they put in just about EVERYTHING. Cilantro is nasty. It smells like unwashed ass, and tastes like metallic liquid hand soap. If they didn't put this crap in 3 out of their 4 salsas, and even in their rice(!) they'd easily get 5 stars... I'm tired of getting strange looks from the staff when I refuse to eat the rice they have loaded with this foul weed (yes, cilantro is a WEED, not an herb... get it right), when they have to go get the regular rice they hide near the stove that doesn't have it in....Otherwise it's clean and the staff is mostly friendly. Their outdoor patio needs to be wiped down a bit more often though, especially with the nice weather lately.
4	This is your standard Chipotle. If you like Chipotle, you will like this one. If you don't like Chipotle, don't come here. They are all the same, this one is no different.This one is never packed and has a large seating area.
2	The ONLY reason this location gets 2 stars is because I love Chipotle.  The ONLY reason I come to this location is because it's the closest one to my house.Typical Chipotle assembly line of workers and food.  The service is horrible and they don't put much food in the bowls. I don't know how many times tonight I had to say "Corn, Sour Cream, Cheese, Guac and lettuce" Needless to say, after the worker put the to go lid on my bowl, I had to then tell her AGAIN she didn't put the cheese on.  Every single time I come to this location, I have to say at least twice "extra this, extra that" because they always put less than a spoonful in the bowl. Who knows, maybe at the other Chipotle's I've been to they're just generous. I understand that it's fast food, and I understand they need to get people in and out as quickly as possible, however I don't see a need for that considering every time I'm there, it's EMPTY.
4	If you like this style restaurant and burrito then you will love this location.Pros: Clean, high end area         Great outdoor patio with nice view of Eastern to look at people         Next door to Golden Spoon for dessert afterwardsCons: Busy like every Chipotle          Not healthy for you no matter how they spin it          They need more than one size burrito
3	after having chipotle for many many times, then trying zabas. i must sayyy chipotle is for beginners! who would have ever thought that sour cream and cheese would taste amazing with rice and beans? well what i do love more at chipotle than zabas are their chips and guac! the chips have a hint of lime that when ordering, i sometimes only get the chips and splash some mild tabasco on them. mmmmm!
4	What can I say about Chipotle?  Chipotle is kind of weird, it's like if In-N-Out burger sold burritos.  It's one of those places that isn't everywhere.  If you have one then you'll find yourself there every once and awhile.  I really like Chipotle even though I only get one thing there.  Yes, ONE item off the menu!  I get steak tacos, soft, a little bit of pinto beans, mild salsa, hot salsa, sour cream, cheese, and lettuce "animal style." LOL, jk.  Yeah, that's what I get all the time ever!  I know you are probably thinking that Ernesto is so cool, I should try and order that too. Go ahead and try it and you can thank me later.  To sum it up even if there is a line they move pretty fast and there is always meats available.  So check it out and enjoy! Cheers!
3	Other than this Chipotle, I usually go to the Maryland Pkwy location in front of UNLV. I give this place 3 stars because of the service and the amount of food they give you lol. Chipotle is such a great place that has the fast food vibe, but gives a new spin on a fresh, fast food establishment. By all means I am not a piggy and don't expect large portion meals when I go out, but every time I have gone to this place, they give you half a spoonful of meat and you are digging through your burrito or burrito bowl to only find a lousy few cubes of steak T__T For a growing and popular fast food chain which is owned by McDonalds, the employees there should ration the toppings out better : )
4	Last weekend, Lil Man And I came here with a friend and her son. This was our first time. The line was long to get to the counter so that we could order our food, but when we got up to it, we had the chance to order whatever we wanted. My son asked for a salad and said to add whatever I felt like adding to it. So I asked the workers to add the pinto beans, corn, Pico de Gallo salsa, chicken, and bunch of other ingredients. He LOVED it. He was shocked that there were beans in it, but loved it. I had a chicken bowl. I had them make it the same way as my son's salad, but I had them add guacamole on top it it. My friend had a chicken burrito with everything in it. For her son, she ordered him a couple of quesadillas. We had a nice time eating and chatting. The environment was great busy but pleasant.
3	This is the Chipotle closest to my house. Sometimes they are amazing and other times they are just average. Customer service is always good, its the food that is a little inconsistent by Chipotle's standard. Sometimes there is no salt on the chips and others days they refuse to put any meat in the tacos... but when they get it right its all good.
2	Always disappointed here! I must have horrible timing because when I get there they are always out of what I eat! No chicken, or fajita veggies or chips! All of which seem to be staples, but are never well stocked. Each time I have to wait 15 or 20 min, they comp me chips or salsa for the wait. That and the proximity to my house keeps me coming back... But I always pause before getting in the car when I get a tex/mex craving because I know it won't go smoothly! Staff is ok, so t does have its high points, but being a little more proactive with the continuous prep of core items would help immensely!
2	I hate that this is the closest location to my house. I love Chipotle, since it's easy to cobble together a pretty healthy meal. First, the parking situation leaves a lot (of spaces) to be desired. Second, this location seems to always be overstaffed, but very inefficient. The last couple of times I've gone, there's been an employee in between the food assemblers and the cashier whose only functions seem to be greeting people who walk in the door and making sure all the paper bags are folded before handing them to the customer. She creates an unnecessary delay between ordering food and said food making its way to my belly. Third, they seem to always be out of something. Last time, it was chicken. How they didn't have another batch of chicken ready to go, I have no idea. The way they dealt with the problem was inefficient, as per usual.I think I'm about ready to drive the same distance in the other direction to Qdoba.
4	I love their salads! I prefer the barbacoa and carnitas over the steak and chicken. I'm very picky with my meat, so it's nice that I don't generally have to worry about finding a fatty piece in my salad. The food is always fresh and the service is generally very good. This is a great place to go during an hour lunch since they are very efficient.
4	To be frank, I love Chipotle.  I can probably eat it every day....  shh.... don't tell my wife.So when it comes to the food, it's the same no matter where you go.  I will say that it's a little less spicy than some.  But it's interesting.  Now as far as location, this place has absolutely sucky parking but you can see it from Eastern like a lighthouse in the rough seas.   I love the look from the outside, and the outdoor seating.The inside is also pretty small, non-typical setup and the line area is completely different from most Chipotle's.  Most of the time, the seating is right up against the ordering area, whereas this one is off to the side.  The line area is pretty short too so I'm guessing they either 1) get customers through quickly or 2) don't get many customers.I'm going to go with the former since there's always people there it seems.   Nothing you can do about the parking, and the people who prepare the food and take your money seem pretty cheerful which is always a good sign.  Believe me.... nothing like a disgruntled food prep worker that will make you wonder what went into your burrito.All in all, it's a good chain but they get a push in their ratings for picking a good outward facing location that really shines while driving towards Anthem.
4	Fast cheap Mexican food. Very addicting. Love the chicken bowl from there. Pretty decent healthy option as well, as long as you don't add the sour cream and cheese. Only problem I have with Chipotle is that the amount of food you get each time is different, depending on the server.
4	Love me some Chipotle!Freshly cooked, properly seasoned, (usually) quickly served.  As fast food goes this is one of the best chains.
2	As far as Chipotle overall goes, 2 of these stars go simply towards that.  Taste of food +1, service overall -1 (yes, it's that bad).  If this wasn't the closest one to my house I would definitely stop going.They have screwed up my order more times than gotten it right -- and this is from ordering online, where they have a physical piece of paper directing them what to put into it.  Several times I've ordered online and come to the restaurant at the pick-up time given on the site and come to find out they haven't even MADE my order yet.  Not terrible since it's fresh but why bother putting a pick-up time?  They weren't even busy either.I think this location just has a lot of lazy employees.  Food quality is still good in comparison to other Chipotle restaurants, but perhaps speaking slowly and clearly would be ideal when placing an order.If ordering online, it's a mixed bag.  Sorry.
2	I use to go here ALL the time. It was one of my favorites. Went here last week and WOW has the place changed. 2 bowls NO chips or drink and my total was $17.50 ??? That's insane. The price could have been justified if my bowl had been completley full, but it wasn't. Maybe it was due to the 17 years old running the hot well, but honestly for the price and amount of food I was given I will not be returning any time soon. Such a disappointment because like I said this use to be one my favorite places.  oh well.
3	DISCLAIMER: This review is based on one and only one trip to ChipotleFor literally years, I have heard great things about Chipotle. There never seems to be a Chipotle location close to my work or home though. Recently I had a lunch time appointment just  up the street from this Chipotle so I decided to give them a try.Chipotle shares a parking lot with numerous other businesses, and the parking lot set up leaves a lot to be desired. I managed to snag the only open spot in front of the store, but can see how the parking situation here could be really aggravating. Walking in, I was greeted by what seemed like every employee working and half of the line of customers. The noise level was ridiculous, being a Chipotle virgin I had to respond with 'What?' to every question the employees asked about how I wanted my meal. It got annoying really quickly.I got my meal and a coworkers meal to go. Total damage for two burrito bowls, nothing else, was over $15! My food was good, but overall I am left rather unimpressed by Chipotle. The menu seemed limited, the prices seemed to be on the high side and the ambiance of this particular location was lacking.... I wouldn't rush back.
5	I seriously can eat this everyday....  Only thing I ever eat here is the salad.  You can tell the meat her is different.  I believe they advertise that the meat was raise without antibiotic and cage free.  That really mean alot to me hahahah.. Honestly now days very often you go out and eat and the meat are like plastics and so fake..  Food is very fresh and very refreshing after you ate it.
4	Really nice service, great food, but pretty comparable to every other Chipotle you go to. I'm pretty sure uniformity is their middle name. I do love how really great their food is and it's so filling. The guacamole and lime chips are heavenly! I love everything they offer, the only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it seems a little pricey. When I go in I usually don't get rice, I get lettuce, which would seem to be cheaper, but I always pay the same price no matter what. I always get the steak which, had I not gone vegetarian, I would eat for breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert. YUM. The location is super clean, lots of seating and the staff is super friendly and really engages you. They're also really young so that tells me that Chipotle must train their staff pretty thoroughly. Whatever they're doing, it works for me!Love this place!
1	I love Chipotle. From MN, MO, KS, NE, CO, and NV I've had a lot of Chipotle. My waistline says too much of it to be honest. But while I love Chipotle, this location sucks. The parking lot...is super tight to get in and out of. The outside seating area faces Eastern Ave so you can inhale a big burrito with sides of car exhaust and tire particulates floating through the air if that's your thing. Step inside and enjoy the confusing, overly funky layout to stand in line. And once you get ready to order, it all goes wrong. In the quest for speed the guy making my burrito was a slob. I knew I was in for a bad Chipotle experience when I looked at the second tortilla press which was buried under a pile of napkins and other crap. If they can't keep their front line clean...it's not a good sign. Moving on the guy who was making my food reminded me of the tweakers I used to see in Southern Missouri. This twitchy guy forgot to put meat on my burrito. Then he ended up spilling salsa on the counter and he barely got some on my burrito. Then after telling him "and guacamole too even though it costs extra, please" I get asked again if I want guacamole. And then when Mr. Tweaker guy goes to wrapping up my burrito he makes it explode! See all those states I listed at the start of this review? I've had a lot of great Chipotle employees make a lot of silver foil wrapped mega burritos of indulgence for me. I know my typical order can be made without my burrito exploding onto the floor. Yet all the foil in the world couldn't save my burrito...the pieces of it are likely resting at the Apex landfill as I write this. And now faced with the embarassment of having to scoop my 1st burrito into the trash Mr. Tweaker dude decides to whip up Burrito #2. At this point I'm like **** this, and I just let him do his thing, pay for my stuff and get the heck out of there. But I always get chips and guac and salsa too...and so guess who gets to fill that order? Yep, Mr. Tweaker dude. And he's in so much of a hurry that plastic cups end up crash landing into the salsa...and I'm just thankful to walk out of there with cups containing anything. So after getting to my car I get to try and squeeze out of the parking space, and I finally get the heck out of there. And when I get home and open up Burrito #2? It tastes like.....well this is a relatively family friendly review site so I'll spare the profanity. 1 Star. Because this location seriously sucks. And by the way the kids meal chicken taco was so bad, my 3 year old spit it out and refused to eat it. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #16)
4	I love chipotle, especially for us Gluten Free and Vegan Folks. Their bowls are amazing,  although I avoid eating corn, their corn tortillas are delightful. I usually just get a bowl with Brown Rice, lettuce, black beans, and guacamole... So yum! I like that they try and provide their customers with organic and or all natural produce at all times possible. That alone shows me they care about their customers.  The staff at this location have always been very friendly. The food is great, the staff is wonderful but the down side is the parking lot. Very small and tight. It usually isn't too big of a hassle to handle, but sometimes I've had to wait a few minutes to be able to park. In the mood for some simple, but very tasty food? Chipotle is the answer.
2	I always enjoy Chipotle but had an odd experience at this one. My wife ordered a bowl with beef and the girl put chicken. When I told her we wanted beef she said "I thought you said chicken" , then in stead of making a new one with beef she starts trying to scoop the chicken out of the bowl with her spoon. I gave her a puzzled look for a moment and when I started to ask what she was doing and my wife realizing that this women couldn't buy a clue just said "that's fine, I'll just take the chicken" just to avoid making a federal case out of it.  Of course the girl never bothered to apologize for the mistake. Very strange...
2	With many Chipotle locations throughout Las Vegas, don't choose this one. The customer service is lacking at this location and their portion control rates about a D- in my book. I've been to this location a handful of times and every visit seems to get worse. If I were to compare the amount of food I get at this location with any of the other 3 I have been to in Las Vegas, it would be roughly 35-40% less. When restaurants run low on product and are waiting for a fresh batch from the kitchen, you should be asking your customers if they would mind waiting a few extra minutes. At this location however, when they run low on chicken, steak etc., they take what should be a portion for one person and divide it between two. Even when there's plenty of meat available, the portions are small but during a rush it's almost embarrassing. Either the employees are not trained on how to handle these types of situations or the owner is more concerned about their bottom line instead of customer service. I will not be returning to this location and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
4	Chipotle is always good, the parking is not that great at this location. The customer service can use some work but still great food and its fast.
3	Up front let me say I have probably been to this Chipotle's at least 25 times as it is on my way home from work. I have also eaten at Chipotle's all over California, Colorado and Nevada so I do have other experiences with this chain.  This Chipotle is a difficult one to review. The parking lot is not big enough for all the chain restaurants there, (Golden Spoon, Five Guys, Buffalo Wild Wings and Chipotle), as well as other business's. Lately there is also a pretty aggressive man standing outside hitting EVERYBODY up who walks by for money. He always says, "Would you like to donate something for the veterans today" ? So, if you say No Thanks, you sound like you don't support our boys and girls in uniform. The guy has no badge on so you have no idea what he represents besides "The Veterans". He also has many bouquets of flowers that he uses to get you to contribute even more money since you are getting something in return. And HE WILL hit you up again as you leave with your take out food 10 minutes later. Now, if the guy is legitimate you would think he would soften his approach and wear some kind of permit that allows him to solicit money from me every time I walk by him. He is NOT a mellow guy either. I can see his "style" being a bit intimidating for the softer people in the world. But I digress from the Chipotle.   So, You finally get inside and the line is usually long. The employee's routinely disappear into the back leaving confused customers waiting for, well, you are not sure what you are waiting for as most of the time the employee has gone off to do something unrelated to you. You, who was standing in front of them trying to pay your money or tell them you wanted sour cream, and they vanish. Just weird. The food I found to be pretty good all the time. I agree with other reviewers on here that say your portion sizes are small. It seems to vary with the employee as I have gotten just HUGE burrito's that I can't finish and smaller ones that leave me wanting more chips or something else. I always get the same thing so it is interesting to see how it will turn out this trip. But, like I said, the food is GOOD.  So, bottom line is I can only give 3 stars since the food is always good, BUT the portion sizes do vary, the employees are kinda weird with how they wait on everybody, and the solicitor outside needs to have someone tell him to wear the permit he should have that gives him permission to bother everybody as you walk both in and out of this place.
2	I only came here once and refuse to go back. Upon first entering the restaurant I was a bit disappointed that Blue Moon wasn't an available beer option. Since being to other Chipotle restaurants in Vegas I'm guessing it's a Vegas thing, as they used to have Blue Moon at my usual Chipotle in CA. I opted for a different beer and ordered a steak burrito. The steak was so chewy and full of fat it was difficult to eat, let alone enjoy. My friends ordered shredded beef, which they said was good. It's possible that I showed up on an off-day or something but it was enough to turn me off from this location.
1	Use the "Chipotle Tabasco" The bad rating is for the Service I recieved:(
3	Chipotle is hit or miss. At times they give you a ton of meat and the burrito can be a mixture of deliciousness. Other times i feel like they pour on the rice and sprinkle the meat. My go-to move is always the carnitas burrito. Overall you can't go wrong if you're craving an americanized version of fast mexican food. I also hate it how they get mad when you ask them to mix up the fillings, as if it's that big of a deal.
1	To long of a wait, employees complaining "where did everyone go?"  No chips, no Guaq (would have been another 10+ mins wait) after already waiting 20+ mins get food.  Employee on cell phone scrambling to make Guaq.  Poor management.
1	Worst Chipotle in town... Slow service... 4 workers can't handle 10 people in 30 mins... And cashier asked what my order was three times!  Food was OK... there portions are smaller or the people don't know how to make can burrito
1	No more lettuce for my salad?  Well take your lazy butt to the back and chop up some more vegetables . What a bad customer experience. I will never go to the Chipotle ever again lazy late night crew
2	I like chipotle, but this location is not the good at service. It takes them really long time to serve food and lot of time its cold and not fresh. Service could improve bit better since, they have given me wrong item many times. I only go there because its the closest location to my house. Overall (2/5)
1	This location is horrible. The lady behind the counting was shouting and the portions she served were ridiculously small.
2	First of all I love Chipotle. Eat there several times a week. This location however disappoints me. They are slow and rushed to make every order.Today takes the cake. I should have paid attention to how they put my bowl in the bag because sideways equals a soaked bag  and car seat when I finally got home. The Las Vegas Boulevard location is way better.
1	The first thing I has to say about this place is that it is NOT Mexican. They need to change the name of this place or something because this is not Mexican at ALL. I rally hate this place and about every single person in my Mexican family hated it. Every single one of them agree that it is not Mexican at all. Taco Bell would be more Mexican than this. I'm embarrassed of this place. I've eaten here 3 times and I hated everything. My parents hate it too and we couldn't even finish our meal. I have no idea how anyone could eat here. I eat almost anywhere and I hate making bad reviews but this place is just that bad.If people like it then that's fine and all but I can't stand that it's called Mexican.
3	I agree with other comments that this Chipotle is situated in horribly designed and under-sized parking lot. My advice is to park in the Citibank parking lot across the way and walk over if the lot looks busy. In the long run it is quicker to do that and walk than sit in your car and wait for the constant shuffling of cars occurring in front of the storeThe food is pretty good, when they have enough of it prepared. Often times I go in there and they are out of either chicken, steak, or both and as a result there is a long line of people standing there waiting all staring at their phones. All of this is while some worker back by the grill is frantically grilling or cutting up steak or chicken. I get nervous that the usually young person cutting is going to hack a finger off at the speed they are going. One time I went in there and both doors were propped open and the place smelled of smoke and the person at the counter said they only had the barbacoa because their "grill was broken." It certainly smelled like it was working to me, albeit a little too well. I tried the barbacoa  and it was way to spicy for my taste. The steak can be hit or miss with it being either a perfect medium or tough and well done. The safe bet is usually the chicken.
4	Be sure you know what you want before you enter the que. People will complain lol
3	Love this place however I just bought dinner and a show. Just a word of advice, if you have an issue with another coworker, don't deal with it in front of the entire restaurant. Went in on June 2 at around 830 and witnessed this situation of distasteful tact. Love the food and the service towards the customers but wow.
1	I got a burrito here this evening and found a HAIR like an eyebrow size in it as well as a small nat like bug inside the tin foil.  I eat chipotle all the time and have NEVER found something like this in my food.  I highly suggest this location to be looked at by the health department.I would go to any other location than this one.  Absolutely disgusted!
3	I like Chipotle. The service at this store is spotty though. It's right down the street from my bfs house, so we go here often. I always get a steak burrito bowl or salad, as well as a bag of the lime tortilla chips. Then, I ask for extra salsa and sour cream, but on the side. They don't charge for extra sides of toppings. So now I have like 4 things to dip my chips into and they were all free! It's funny because they have chips and salsa on the menu for like $1.65 and in reality you can just do what I do and pay for only chips which are like 95 cents. Winning!
2	We love Chipotle and this location used to be a great weekday lunch destination. Lately we've tried it on the weekends and probably won't go to this location anymore. The food is still OK, but the service has gotten slow and the restaurant is generally messy or they let the fountain drinks run dry. One time we had to stand and wait while an employee held up the whole line as she ordered food for her family members - and for some reason this confused the rest of the staff and they had to re-make a couple of other customers' orders. Maybe they don't have a weekend manager? Not sure. The location on Las Vegas Boulevard & Warm Springs is where the A-Team workers are. We'll keep going there instead.
5	i'm always a fan of Chipotle Grill, they just opened at this location, consistent food everywhere i goes, service is good, and it's so close to where i work, so it's a 5 stars for me!
4	The sofritas vegetarian option is delicious. Ask them to have a taste. I love it. Everything organic and yummmm
5	Today Chipotle was the office lunch order. Thank goodness they have that fax order system (please don't ever stop that) because this location is always busy! I arrived and it took a little longer to get my order finished but I wasn't upset at all. They offered me a drink while I wait and apologized more than a few times. I got my order and went back to work. Then they call to make sure everything turned out correctly and that we were happy with the food. Of course we were, Chipotle is delicious!! That made me want to leave a review. Ivan, five stars to your (and everyone else's) customer service.
2	This is the worst chipotle that I have been too! The service wasn't all that good, and the portions were the smallest I've experienced. The chipotle Location on Sahara is much better!
2	Service is poor, portions are small relatively speaking, and if you expect them to have all ingredients after 8:45/9:00 you will be sorely disappointed.
4	This is a good location with speedy service, the only reason that this is not a five star review is because some of their employees are not up to par. The cost of the food to the amount that you get is great for your value. I can get out of there for less than $7.
1	Food is ok, but not worth waiting in a line 15 people deep. You would think they would figure out scheduling to get the line down during meal times. Also pretty skimpy on the servings unless it is lettuce!Long wait, terribleParking, no time for this place.
3	Food is good, but the service line is super slow.  If it's a busy night, you will wait a while.
1	This place has gone downhill big time! I actually contacted their corporate office a couple months ago complaining about raw chicken and unsanitary conditions in plain sight of their customers. My complaint must have been taken serious because things were looking up for a little while afterwards. Unfortunately things seem to be back to their "normal". Tonight I pulled a long hair out of my mouth that was stuck in they sticky rice! It was absolutely disgusting. I still want to puke just thinking about it. I've also noticed a constant change in staff and attitudes towards their customers. The only employee who seems to care is Raquel! She is the only reason this place gets 1 star.I will definitely not go back!
3	I really love Chipotle but damn, people.. Why you gotta give me a cold burrito?! I was ordering my usual burrito and the they had to switch out the tray of as the ran out.. This will forever stick in my mind. Burrito would have been bomb had it not been for the cold meat. I'll try this location again tho. Nice patio, friendly service but make sure they do it right when you go. Chipotle on..
3	Decent lunch and quick bite kind of spot.  It's a chain that's consistent with their food.  Had the chicken and sofritas burrito bowl, quite tasty.  It's nice to be able to customize your meal and change it up from time to time.  This particular one is super busy during lunch time, pretty long lines.  Make sure you account for that if you're going during that time.
3	Good food quality, long lines.  Skimpy on the chicken.  Just an ordinary lunch.  Pigeons on the patio, not the cleanest place, but I've seen worse.  Jacked up the prices a while ago and finally went back.  Now I know why I waited so long.  Average for the price.
1	I don't know why I come. So much potential yet falls short every time. Ask for a quesadilla and they will barely cook it with a insignificant amount of cheese. Ask for a burrito they will give you more fixings than meat and a completely soggy tortilla. And don't even think about complaining it will just take years to get new food.
2	I love chipotle, but I have to give this particular location a poor rating. My husband and I are here often because we live down the street and have been increasingly disappointed by the service we've received. As any chipotle lover knows, the line can get pretty ridiculous sometimes, but most locations do a great job of moving it along quickly. This location can't handle the line. They move at a ridiculously slow pace and are not the nicest of people. Usually seem to be in a bad mood about something and often seem to be out of key ingredients. Id recommend a different location if you want your chipotle fix.
3	Little fun fact: this is one of the only chipotle I've seen where you order your burrito and work left.
1	I went tonight for the umpteenth time.Last time I went I found a storm from the avocado and this time allot of skin from the avacado. All dey and crusty snd yucky. Don't think I'm going back.
5	Every time I come to this location its absolutely great! All the employees here seem to really care and the food is great. I don't know why everyone below me has had a bad experience here, I have nothing but good things to say about this location
