5	I happened in on the second day of their soft open, so they were still training their cashier and barista which, understandably, slowed things down a bit. With that said this is still a great place to grab coffee on this side of town. I did try their waffles and they are delicious. They were so good you could actually eat one for dessert. The owners were actively involved and very friendly, once everyone is trained this place will be a success.
4	I've been waiting for this place to open ever since the sign went up.Great inside decor - very warm and welcoming. A good place to hang out.Short menu - it is indeed all about the coffee and waffles. On the latter, the waffles are unlike any you've probably had, more rich and very sweet. In talking briefly with the owners it's due to the mix, the increased butterfat, and their use of pearl sugar. Overall, these are excellent portable waffles that are very sweet. A decedent treat.Coffee-wise, no complaints - had the dark roast and it was great.I really hope this place survives because South Ballantyne needs a local coffeehouse instead of only chains!
4	Waffles are very tasty, Coffee is Good.  However who ever rated this with 1 $ is nuts.  Place is pricey.  My wife and i each had 1 cup of coffee and 1 waffle a piece and it was nearly $20.   I'll def go back, but not as often as I'd like, Wheaties are way cheaper.
4	A friend recommended Cast Iron Waffles, so my husband and I went to check it out this morning.  The waffles there were so good!  They are Belgian liege waffles, so are very rich and sweet.  I was a little worried when they brought each of us only 1 waffle, especially since we paid something like $4 for 1 waffle.  But the waffles are so rich that you couldn't eat 2.  I ordered a waffle with nutella streusel and powdered sugar, and my husband ordered a deluxe waffle with nutella, frozen strawberries, fresh bananas and homemade whipped cream.  Both of us were so impressed with how tasty these waffles were.  We were still a little hungry, so we ordered 1 more waffle - a deluxe one with nutella, double order of fresh peaches and the homemade whipped cream.  We split it and really, we were pushing ourselves to finish it.  It was so delicious!Next time, I'll just do 1 deluxe waffle and a 16 oz chai.  The chai was extra thick and creamy as well, so when I ordered my usual 20 oz and mixed it with 1 1/2 waffles, I started feeling like I really didn't want any more sugar.  But it was very good and now that I know the deal, I'll just order accordingly next time.The owners were there and were very involved and friendly, as were all of the employees.  Also, I saw a sticker on the window that said "Free Wi-fi" and I'm always happy to have another place that I can go with my laptop to work and change it up a bit.I'll be back, Cast Iron Waffles!
4	We had driven past Cast Iron Waffles many times but had never stopped. Today we decided to see what it was all about and boy are we glad we did. The waffles were great (try the Deluxe Waffle) but more importantly the owners and staff were very friendly and went out of their way to make us feel right at home. Great locally owned business - We'll be back!!!
1	My one star might be a bit misleading, as I have not tried anything to eat or drink here. But this is because i have not been able to try anything because of all of the moms and dads and their offspring in the place. I have tried on THREE separate occasions to go in and try the coffee and waffles only to find all of the tables and the chairs at the bar occupied. I am always reassured by the staff that a table will soon open up, but I have waited up to 20 minutes only to find families camping at the tables. The last straw occurred on my visit on Tuesday, December 28th. Of course, all of the tables were occupied by "breeders" and their children, so we were going to take 2 of the chairs at the bar. Just as we were going to sit down, a woman puts her kids in the chairs to watch the waffles being made. Both the woman and the female staff person just looked at me, expecting me to make a scene, I suppose. I just stared at each, then walked out.As a member of a 1000+ person organization that just moved to Ballantyne, I will be recommending against visiting this place to all that will listen.To Chris D. in response to his/her comment:Your comment is understandable, however, you completely ignored the part about the person allowing her children to take up TWO seating areas while paying customers were trying to sit. Can this be expected in the future?
4	I happened upon this place late last year and, can I just say, what a scrumptious find! The owner was super friendly and offered me a taste of their fair-trade coffees. Note the coffee sacks hanging up as decor - this place ONLY serves fair trade and direct trade coffee, and for this I applaud them. They also provide eco-friendly compostable coffee cups to-go.Those liege waffles brought back fond memories of Belgium and yes, they are rich, and they not so cheap, but just sit back and enjoy it slowly, sip on your coffee to balance out the sweetness, enjoy the chill coffeehouse music playing, take in the unique and cozy atmosphere and revel in the non-chainy, non-impersonal style that is Cast Iron Waffles. The place is pricey but this is justified by its fair-trade coffee, quality waffles, independent flair and friendly service. The place is small, so plan ahead, get there early, or just take it to go. Bottom line, enjoy it for what it is and go support your local coffee shop! May more like-minded shops open up all over Charlotte and give those boring, large, average coffee chains a little competitive kick in the rear. Dare to demand something different :)
5	I tried them out this morning/afternoon with my reluctant hubby, and couldn't be more delighted!  So tasty!!  I didn't really find anything to be excessive in terms of price (2 deluxe waffles, and 2 cups for coffee for 14 bucks), especially considering you're getting a specialty item!  Excellent coffee, out of this world waffles, and very friendly staff!  They even brewed my decaf coffee as a one off, which impressed me, because at any other chain, I'd have gotten whatever was left in the pot from the morning.  I will definitely be back!
5	Liege waffles. I'm doing my best to burn that into my mind so I don't forget the name of one of my favorite breakfast finds in a long while. I had them first at Cast Iron Waffles. And boy, what a treat.Let's talk about this type of waffle. This isn't your standard puffy Belgian that starts crisp but swiftly turns to mush under the weight of maple syrup. These pucks of love are about half the size and two times the weight, sweeter than standard Belgians and dense to bite, made with pearl sugar which caramelizes as the waffle cooks. They're also incredibly tasty.On Cast Iron itself -- no, you won't find much seating, and my group was lucky to get the last table available for our group of five. It happens, and is a testament to the shop's quality. Can't eat in? Get something to go. Buy a couple frozen and make them yourself. You'll live to see another day if you don't get a seat, though your waffle surely won't.Our local friend who recommended the place noted he foolhardily ordered two waffles on his first trip to the establishment. While he ate both, he couldn't manage another bite of food the entire day. One is all you need, he said. And repeated himself. To look on these initially, you wouldn't expect his words to ring true. You're not going to find any of the usual breakfast sides on offer at Cast Iron, but frankly, you won't need them.My berry waffle arrived at the table painfully last of all, as I sat in want watching my friends savor their lovely creations. The fruity concoction atop my liege waffle wasn't your average squeezed-from-a-bottle affair, featuring a mix of multiple berries that gave a sweet and sour twist to every flavor-rich, delicious bite. My friend's banana, strawberry and chocolate combo was the best at the table, but mine was still comparably amazing. The coffees, hot and cold, were also universally praised.This waffle will make you very full. It will likely shorten your lifespan. It will make you wonder whether Cast Iron offers to wheel you back to your car for a couple bucks extra tip. But it's oh so worth it.
2	Let me say that I like waffles.  Until somewhat recently - namely when I have to make them for the kids - I really prefer them over pancakes by a wide margin.  While you can pull waffles out of the freezer, it is just so much easier (and tastier) to make pancakes from scratch.  Sure, you can make waffles at home, but they are so messy.  And who has time to go to Waffle House every day?  But I digress.The waffles at Cast Iron are different from just about any other waffle.  However, to have them, you have to find them, and that is a bit of a challenge.  The address does not help much.  It gets you in the area.  Their directions tell you they are "across from the bank", but in reality, they are in little shop in the base of a townhome (or that is what it looks like) - while all the other businesses are at the other end of the center.  So you are nowhere near where you would think they should be.  Keep that in mind.Should you actually find the place, you may find yourself disappointed if you go at the wrong time.  While they sell their waffles to go (so you can enjoy them at home later), apparently if you go outside of busy hours, they actually make waffles during this time even for serving at non-busy hours.  So if you are are there at, say, dinner time - a nice, non-busy time where you might want a waffle for a treat - then you are likely to get a previously made, perhaps refrigerated or frozen waffle rather than a freshly prepared one.  Still tasty, but not great.And there is not a ton of selection - not that that is a bad thing.  Waffles and some toppings (which you can customize).  Everything else is drinks.  Just so long as you are not expecting a version of the Belgium House of Waffles or the Waffle House of Belgium, you should be fine.  This is more the Belgium Kiosk of Waffles.  With beverages.
5	I love this place. Not your typical breakfast. You have to go in knowing that you may or may not get a seat, you will probably wait in line, but the waffles are amazing. I don't do coffee, but the hot chocolate and a naked waffle on a cold morning sure hits the spot.
5	Liege waffles are awesome and coffee is good too. I've never had them before and now prefer over the regular waffles.  They are denser but have have a great sugary, crisp crust and sugar pieces inside. The place is small cafe style so not great to go to for a family breakfast out, but you can get it to go or get frozen waffles for home. I definitely recommend this place, we go quite often since we live so close by.
2	David is a huge fan of waffles and I like a good waffle every once in a while, so we were excited to try Cast Iron Waffles. Plus, we were excited about the fact that it's small locally owned shop - we love to support local entrepreneurs.  Sadly, we were under-whelmed with the experience.  Maybe we caught them on a bad day, but our visit did not leave a positive impression in our minds. First off, as Chad wrote, the place is tough to find. We had tried to find it once before and gave up.  On this visit we actually found the place. Parking is not  plentiful but we were able to find a spot.   (As of this visit, there was not a big sign, now there is a big sign so you won't have as much trouble finding it as we did back when they first opened.)We went inside and it is one of those places where you go up to the counter and place your order.   You can order your waffle plain or with different sorts of toppings. I ordered mine with nutella, bananas and strawberries. (Which as it turns out was not a good choice since the waffles are very sweet on their own... it probably would have been better to try it plain the first time.) We had heard that they had really good coffee, and since Coffeeworks is now closed, we've had a tough time finding a suitable replacement.  We were hoping this place would be it, but on the day we were there, the coffee was nothing special. They had 2 selections brewed up and you serve yourself after placing your order at the counter. I think it had been sitting in the carafe a while because it was sort of lukewarm. I was excited to try the Liege waffles and had read about them before trying this place out, so my expectations were high.  But I found the waffle to be much too sweet -- more like dessert than breakfast. I wish we had checked out the menu online before going, because we were disappointed to discover that they only serve waffles, smoothies, and coffee or tea drinks. We had thought before coming that this was a full service restuarant where you could get a side of turkey bacon or eggs to go along with your waffle (which I prefer to cut the sweetness and offer some balance). Plus, we spent at least $15 for 2 deluxe waffles and 2 large coffees - ouch.  We normally spend between  $20 - $26 for 2 full breakfasts with coffee at other local establishments. We ended up throwing out our waffles and heading over to the Big View Diner to have omelettes instead.I would consider trying the waffle again, but next time as a dessert or a sweet afternoon treat instead of breakfast.
5	It is such a pleasure to find a fantastic local coffee shop nestled in the chain-overloaded Ballantyne area.  It is not clearly evident from the main road (Ardrey Kell) but this gem is worth looking for.  As a mom'n'pop independent coffee shop it could stand on its own, but this place has a unique claim to fame--Belgian Liege waffles.  They are completely scrumptious especially with a cup of freshly brewed coffee.  The waffles can be ordered with toppings but they really stand alone.  They are dense, chewy and bursting with flavor. The waffles are sweetened with pearl sugar. I can't seem to get enough of them.  I regularly crave them for breakfast.  I would happily forgo any other breakfast--bagels, doughnuts, anything--for one of these heavenly waffles.  Though they are served with a fork and knife, I simply pick mine up with the prvided wax paper and munch it down.This is such a fantastic treat.
5	This place is so sweet! It's located in the bottom floor of a townhouse, so not easily found, but totally worth the drive once you get there. No need to bother with fruit or toppings for your waffles, although everything is fresh and delicious. The waffles themselves have the pearl sugar in the dough so they are sweet and tasty on their own. The staff is friendly if only a tad inexperienced and first timers tend to need a bit of navigation on the straightforward menu(its almost confusing since there are no major choices to be made). Super yummy and worth the drive out to the south Ballantyne area.
5	Yum! We just moved back to Charlotte and checked out this place for breakfast this morning. I didn't find it tough to find at all; actually w e decided to go after I noticed it while driving on Ardrey Kell. It's in the Cedar Walk neighborhood, close to Buffalo Wings and Rings.The waffles were delicious and just what I had expected. We tried these delicious types of waffles while in Belgium several years ago and were excited to see them come to life in Charlotte. As others mentioned, this type of waffle is already sweet (dense dough with crystallized sugar pieces baked in) and smaller than what we consider Belgian waffles, so definitely keep that in mind while picking out your toppings unless you are looking for a dessert. If I'm not mistaken, I believe we actually ate them as dessert, fresh out of a waffle food truck, while in Brussels. I chose to top mine with the maple butter, and I was happy that the maple butter came on the side so I could add as much or as little as I wanted.  My husband had the nutella and seemed equally as impressed. The waffles arrived quickly and were piping hot.I have to admit that I find some of the complaints about the waffles being so sweet to be a little unfair. Yes, the waffles are sweet but that's exactly what this type of waffle is. Liege waffles are completely different from their Belgian counterparts, and it's obvious that some people didn't realize what they were ordering, or expected something completely different, and judged their meal based on that. If you are looking for a typical waffle joint with the typical Americanized toppings this place probably isn't it and you would be better off going to IHOP or the Waffle House. I personally love this type of waffle and will most certainly be back!
5	What an absolutely wonderful place!  From the restaurant's decor to the waffles themselves, I loved every moment and bite.  I would love to live in the condo upstairs so I can simply walk downstairs for my sugar fix everyday!We also got a chance to chat with the owner and she is indeed a very sweet and knowledgeable individual.  Apparently there is more to waffle making than pouring pre-made batter onto a waffle machine.  The waffles here are crafted out of fresh dough (that is also available for sale) and unique toppings.Such a lovely spot, I will definitely return again!
5	For waffles and coffee you can't beat it and great prices. The waffles are like nothing you have had. It is more like a dough than batter.  Must try!
5	I first had liege waffles when I lived in the UK and did some traveling in Belgium and the Netherlands - I fell in love with liege waffles with Nutella. I was so happy to learn about Cast Iron Waffles here in Charlotte and was excited to go. First off, I did my homework...I looked at their menu and saw that all they sell are liege waffles and coffee/tea/hot chocolate/smoothies. If you are looking for "regular" waffles or a huge breakfast, go elsewhere. Also, know that liege waffles are NOT like waffles you have at IHOP - they are smaller, richer, sweeter and chewier...and for me, much better!So, Cast Iron Waffles is a little hard to find - I saw the "Waffles - Espresso" on the side of the building and pulled in, but the friend I was meeting missed it and had to call me to guide her in. This place is TINY - exactly 4 tables inside and a small bar that seats maybe 6, at the most. There is outdoor seating, as well (maybe another 5-6 tables) but we went during winter and no one was outside. We had a to wait a few minutes, but a table came open. We ordered and paid, and they waited to make our waffles until we got a table. The latte I ordered was great!The waffle itself was fantastic! It was small and thick, with chunks of pearl sugar on the bottom. They drizzled a little Nutella on top (maybe 1-2 tablespoons) - not too much, just enough and I was in Heaven! My friend who met me had never even heard of liege waffles (she did her homework, too, though) but she was raving over them as much as I was. She got hers with powdered sugar only, and got a chai tea and enjoyed them both.As I said, we waited 5-10 minutes for a table to come open, but people eating seemed nice enough to clear out quickly so others could sit. Our order came out a few minutes later and we were done a few minutes after that. We lingered awhile over our drinks, but left as soon as we saw others come in who needed to sit.For me, it's a splurge place, because the waffles are sweet and rich - but I will be back. Thanks for bringing something different & delicious to Charlotte!
5	You know...as someone who isn't a waffle connoisseur...I can't tell you how these stack up with other Belgian waffles.  But the experience was quite lovely, and the waffles were delightful, along with the service, so that's all I need for 5 stars!The location is a bit strange-- yes, below a row of townhouses, in a cookie cutter community.  But when you walk in, it's cozy, and clean, with some high tops and lower tables, it feels neighborhood-y. Thankfully my GPS took me the right way, because I was worried based on Julia M and Chad E's experiences locating the place!  The woman at the register was manning the shop alone.  (It was about 10:45 on a Thursday when we went.) She explained to us how the waffles are the liege variety, and made from a dough, so they'd be denser than a traditional waffle, and there's sugar in the dough, so it'll be naturally sweet and crisp on the outside.  She also explained to us the different varieties of teas and coffees available (there are a bajillion syrup flavors btw.)We ended up getting a plain (which is with powdered sugar) and a Nutella banana strawberry.  The whipped cream is the real deal...no icky plasticky Cool Whip here, thank goodness. The waffles had a nice sweet chew, and crusty exterior...and as I peeled mine bit by bit, there were little sugar chunks embedded in the dough.  Loved it!  It was like a mini sugar explosion. This woman miraculously juggled it all, running around behind the counter, steeping tea, making waffles, topping them, tending to the other customers and even the old-fashioned soda machine in the back. (Which by the way is precious...she explained how sometimes the quarters don't take , so it's hit or miss if you'll get one via vending, or if you'll have to get someone to come over and open the machine for you!)Bottom line, I think it's a nice spot, and if I lived closer, I'd definitely put it on my list of tasty treats.  BTW: We were offered free refills on our Apricot infused iced tea and even on our hot berry teas.  Nice.
5	If you've never had the opportunity of trying a Belgian Liege style waffle, A) You truly haven't lived and B) You're in for a treat. Cast Iron Waffles is churning these things out like they're going out of style and each one is a hit. My wife stumbled upon this place and fell in love immediately. Resting at the base of a town home in a strip of other small business (Connected to the same shopping center as Wings and Rings and Blink off of Ardrey Kell) it's a perfect little bistro-esque location for breakfast. It may be a bit difficult to find for first-timers and actually find a parking space (you can always park in the bank's parking lot) but the location is very quaint and houses tons of personality. For those of you who appreciate waffles, you may have to dash the idea you have in your head. These are Belgian Liege style waffles. They aren't pouring batter into a piping hot waffle iron and handing out faux eggo garbage. This is a brioche type dough that is hand-pressed into a waffle iron. Filled with tons of pearl sized crystals of sugar, each bite of waffle is crunchy at first, bursting with sugar crystals and finishes with a brilliant chew. Be prepared for intrigue as many waffle aficionados tend to be. You won't think "waffle" immediately, but rather "sweet bread." The owners have put a lot of thought into how these are prepared and their dough is no joke. There are different choices of toppings ranging from whipped cream, fruit, nutella, maple butter and powdered sugar. There are the occasional seasonal options on the menu but I have yet to be impressed by any. My recommendation is go au naturale. Just plain waffle to see what your taste buds will be up against. If you're looking for an added sweetness, go for the maple butter. Not too overt with maple flavor and just the right amount sogginess to add to those chewy waffles. Many of you may consider this spot as more of a "treat," than a breakfast joint. It all depends on who well you can handle the sweetness of the dough. These guys also do coffee and espresso drinks. None of which are a draw and pale in comparison to the lead singing waffles. One of the coolest aspects of the shop is the old school coke machine they have in the back. You have to get quarters from the register and then open the door to the fridge-style vending machine. Note: You have to pull your bottle of coke out REALLY fast for it not to lock down on your bottle. Ask one of the employees behind the counter. They'll be able to tell you more. Cast Iron Waffles is a must for anyone in the Blakeney area. The business owners are great to chat with and love to hear their customers' stories. Ask to hear theirs. What a great family. Love how they are operating this little joint. Hear, hear for Belgian Liege waffles in south Charlotte!
5	I live in Dallas TX and have a 16-18 hour drive to get here. Guess what? I do it. Their waffles are that good. REAL DEAL Belgian style with the yeasty dough, etc. If you think you know what a Belgian waffle is, you DON'T so just go here and learn something that will make yer stomach smile. Took my buddy Skip here and he thought it was awesome also! No one I have ever turned on to this joint has not returned for more. Savvy?
1	I was so excited about this place. So much so that I invited my best friend and brother to join me for my first time. We love waffles and thought if the name had waffles in it, it had to be good. Well, my friend and I  arrived first. It was hot inside and I mean the hot that you can't eat comfortable. While we waited for my brother, we ordered 2 small frapps, to cool us off, they cost over $10. Starbucks is not even that high. Plus they were not all that good. We also were able to see the waffles, which were small and took forever for you to get them after ordering them.
5	For the best belgian waffle this place is a must try on your bookmark on yelp!  Belgian waffle is like eating dessert for breakfast so so so good. The dough is made the original way free wifi good good good coffee. If you like this place sign up on there website to receive text messages for good promotion.
5	I have been dying to come here for months and today I finally made my journey. It's a 30 minute drive from my house and I have to say, I would drive a half an hour on a regular basis for this waffle. To die for. Chewy, crispy, not too sweet. It's the perfect treat. The owner was lovely and the coffee was great. Can't wait to return!
5	Came here for the Belgian waffles, and we were not disappointed. Very good waffles. The whole family enjoyed it, would certainly be back.
4	Went there two days ago, heard about it on Creative Loafing.   Very friendly staff, ordered a naked waffle and hot chocolate, which I got within five minutes of ordering.  Very tasty, glad I only got one because it was very filling!  Had no trouble finding the place.
5	My husband and I went in here this morning and we were so happy we did :).  We both ordered nutella waffles - they were the best waffles I've ever eaten.  The have a pretty decent coffee selection.  I got a mocha latte and it was delicious.  My husband got a strawberry banana smoothie and that was excellent as well!  The place is decorated really cute; like retro.  The seating is kind of tight on a Saturday morning, but we were able to grab a table.
5	For a Saturday morning breakfast, I can't think of anything better. Soon after this little joint opened, a friend said to me, "You HAVE to try this new waffle place!" But I was on my way just as soon as I heard the word "waffle."These are not, I repeat, NOT like Waffle House. They're Belgian Liege waffles. super dense, chewy -- they're made with dough instead of batter, and imbedded in the final product are crystallized sugar pearls. Your best bet for a top-notch waffle is going at a busy time...you'll have a bit of a wait, but tasting a freshly ironed(?) waffle is worth it. At non-peak hours, expect that you'll be served a waffle that was made a few minutes ago.They have an old-school coke machine that you put quarters in. It's a bit tricky, so take the advice of the staff and pull it out quick!! ;)Great spot for breakfast meetings, and they offer free wi-fi. Apparently their coffee is highly regarded by the readers of Creative Loafing. It's not my favorite, but when you need something warm and delicious to wash down your waffle, it's never a bad choice. There's a TV at the bar, so you can watch something if you're not keen on conversation. Outdoor seating is a plus, when the weather's nice. I always park in the bank parking lot and walk over. It's easier than parallel parking next to the shop.Definitely go for the "Extra Sweet" variety with maple butter, sans the powdered sugar. Nothing gets me out of bed on a Saturday morning like the thought of that waffle.
4	I tried their deluxe waffle with nutella, chocolate syrup, fruit, and whipped cream. It's been said by other reviewers but worth repeating, this isn't your standard waffle. More chewy and thick than standard waffles, almost the texture of cake. This isn't a light breakfast, be prepared for a rich, heavy tour-de-force that will take a couple of hours to recover from. Very indulgent and certainly not a low calorie venture. But it's worth the treat as long as you realize that your productivity will plummet in the afternoon. Their atmosphere is warm and inviting, and the smell of coffee mixed with waffles can instantly lift your mood when you walk in. The caramel macchiatos are great too.
1	My husband had been bugging me to try this place for a while now, so I finally gave in. I am not a big waffle eater but I decided to get one and a coffee. I came in with my husband and daughter at 3pm on Good Friday. One person was working, a young girl. She asked what we wanted. I asked her to give me a minute, I had never been here before. So I got a waffle with bacon and maple icing, my husband got the cinammon roll waffle and my daughter got a plain waffle with whipped cream. I saw a waffle maker, but she put our pre-made waffles, not made to order, in a toaster oven type thing and heated it up. Maybe the waffle maker is just for show. I also ordered a coffee, no coffee in any container. I advised the girl and she said she would get some. So she proceeded to heat up our waffles, bring them to the table, make the two ladies behind us some coffee. At this point I was slightly frustrated. Not only did my waffle, which by the way is the size of a pop tart, taste like card board,it wasn't even hot.I could barely cut it with the plastic knife and fork. I went to the counter to tell the girl I no longer wanted my coffee, and I would like my money back. She states, It's almost ready. I also advised her the waffles were horrible. I asked her if I could get the manager's name and number. She said, he isn't here. I just gave up at this point. She did provide me with the owners name and the email for the business. I just think that for $4.50 a waffle, they would be made to order. I never did get my money back either. So we just walked out, without my coffee. We will definitely NOT be going back. They should also have planned better for a Holiday and get people in there that actually want to be there, and be helpful.
5	The best waffles ever.  I used to go almost every weekend with my family and now that we are not in Charlotte anymore, I miss it dearly.  The service here is great as well.  While the seating is limited, there are tables outside as well.  The Belgian Liege waffles are fantastic with any topping.  There is no better!
5	Belgian Liege Waffles.  Wow.  Never had them before, but they were so great that I left with a dozen frozen ones for later!  These waffles are made from a dough, not a batter, and the dough has to be hand pressed into the waffle iron.  So unique.  The Deluxe Waffle with Nutella, Strawberries, Bananas, and Whipped Cream ... is absolutely DIVINE!  Must try one! (or maybe two, three, or four of them!)There was a line waiting to order, and a wait for first-come-first-served seating.  Trivial.  I'd wait an hour or more for one of these waffles, and stand on the curb outside in the rain to eat it!  This is a seriously good treat!Can I give this place six stars?
4	Liege waffles! These are so different from the traditional "Belgian" waffles we see so often.  Liege waffles are dense and sweet and you can hold like a cookie!   Cast Iron Waffles is a little, cute store front amongst a residential/commercial development. It's small inside so you may not be able to sit down, especially peak morning times. I like my waffle "naked" but you can get the deluxe version and choose fruits and toppings. I ordered a dozen for a work breakfast but I wanted to stretch it out a bit so I asked if they could cut them in half for me. Instead, they made 24 mini waffles for me by spliting the waffle dough in half before it went into the iron - that way they were still round. I appreciated the flexibility!The coffee flavors here are fun and interesting. This is a great spot for a sweet-tooth breakfast with a decadent coffee!
5	A lifetime ago I worked as a barista in a coffee shop that made toddy based drinks.  It's the only place I've ever had them and I was beyond thrilled to find them here! My iced mocha toddy based drink plus a naked waffle was out of this world.  This is the kind of business you hope never ever ever ever EVER closes because it's too amazing!
5	Holy Moly ravioli, ok this place doesn't actually sell raviolis but I am sold on the concept. After sampling some AH-MAZING Authentic Belgian waffle at the yelper's rock party at the fillmore tonight, I am completely convinced on the idea of some Cast Iron Waffles. I am telling myself nothing sounds better than a warm cup of creamy espresso with foam and some more of the delicately sweetened waffles.They make their waffles out of dough, what a great idea. Tastes very fluffy, soft and buttery. The top of the waffles are naturally sweetened with a glaze, paired with their home made maple syrup. Even their maple syrup is very honey tasting with a woody maple flavor, ahhh. Does this place have patio seating because if they do, I will be here every weekend for brunch. Bravo!P.S. I actually looked really hard to find the name of the restaurant, this is how good their waffles tasted. Not to mention the long line waiting to sample their food.
5	HOLY BAJEEZUS! Replace "bajeezus" with a four-letter expletive and that's exactly what I said after I took a bite from their waffle at the Yelp party last night. It was fantastic! BEST WAFFLE IVE EVER HAD! I couldn't control myself. "MMMM" and "Oh that is DELICIOUS" are my normal reactions to good food. But "Holy _ _ _ _," now that's somethin' serious! It's not your traditional Denny's waffle. It's a completely different style & is VERY sweet without being overly sweet. Before cooking it, they throw some sugar pearls in with the batter which caramelize, creating a wonderfully chewy treat. I tried it with the maple butter & strawberries... my imagination could not have possibly conjured up a more perfect combination! I also went online to check out their full menu. I was expecting these wonderful concoctions to cost like $10. The "deluxe" waffle which is what the one I got would be characterized as, was only $4.50 (i think). It didn't appear from their menu that they offer anything but waffles & beverages but I'd make that trip. It was amazing. I am definitely going back!
5	Had an opportunity to sample one of these delectable bites of waffley goodness and I must say---- Best Waffle EVER!!!!  They are not your normal batter waffles.  This is "brioche dough" ....I think :)   Anyway, best thing I have ever had for a breakfast sweet treat!!!  I can't WAIT for them to open in the Piedmont Town Center......YAY!!!!  I will be a regular!
4	Nice little place specializing in waffles.  They are very good, but sweet in general and with added toppings, sugar rush!  Would still go back when in the mood for waffles and something sweet.
4	Thanks to Ben.. Cast Iron Waffles was at the YELP event at the Fillmore.  I had a sample there, omg..... I was hooked. So sweet, nice crisp on the outside yet soft and melts when you bite into it.. The event was Friday. I had to stop by on Sunday. Couldn't get enough. I had the Deluxe waffle. It has Nutella, banana and strawberry. I was sooooooo high from the sugar afterward. I can't eat this everyday but its definitely a treat. In case you don't know what's so special about their waffles, well I can explain. Their speciality is the Belgian Liege Waffle.. The dough is thicker than regular waffles mix and it has Belgian Pearl Sugar. They smashed a pre-measured dough into a waffle iron and it create this wonderful caramelized crisp shell and soft sugary inside. Soooo good. You MUST try at least ONCE in this lifetime. Those waffles were so good but I wasn't too crazy about their lattes. Definitely not their speciality. Maybe next time, I'll just get a regular cup coffee...
5	Following the recent Yelp shindig where Cast Iron gave away samples of their waffles, I came here. The next day. And I brought Mrs. K and K Junior, because there's not much that we love more than wonderful waffles. And wonderful waffles is what we had. I went with mine plain, but the others were ordered with nutella and whipped cream. And let me tell you, these things are plenty sweet all on their own. You really don't have to add anything.An hour later, the sugar crash hit us all pretty hard. Nap time. But it was SO worth it.
3	After reading all the reviews on Yelp of how good this place was I felt like I could not leave Charlotte without giving these waffles a try.  They were good, but not the best waffle ever!    I had a deluxe waffle with my son, by daughter had one with just nutella on it and my husband had a special called the lumberjack which had bacon on it. First they need to update their online menu.  It says they have waffle Sundaes and the girl working there said they got rid of that shortly after opening because the company they got their ice cream from lost all their ice cream when their freezers broke.
4	The good:Nice atmosphereGreat wafflesReasonably pricedThe bad:Not really visible from the main roadFew tables
2	Waffles were so good, but other breakfast items could make this place a hit. Also, not a large seating area.
4	Checked them out at the ballantyne location yesterday. Really enjoyed the crispy, butter-less waffle with icing and cinnamon (i forget the name of it). Cappuccino wasnt that bad either. Very small place, four or five tables inside, a few outside. Didnt feel crapmed at all and was pretty cozy. The girl that served me was very pleasant, I will definitely stop in again when I'm working on this side of town.
5	ErrrrrMahhhhGawwww!!!  Go here people!!! It is so so so good!!  The waffles are top notch!!!  I really wanted to order one of all of them but be forewarned they are very rich!!  I have gotten the cinnamon one twice (its redic delish) and the chocolate chip one once (also so yum)!!!  Great place for a sweet-tooth snack :)  The staff is also fantastic!! Super nice, helpful and the food comes out quick yay!
4	I recently went back to give them another try for a quick waffle on my way to a meeting.  The service was a little on the slow side, but the waffle was warm and tasty.  This time I knew to get a plain waffle with just a sprinkle of powered sugar instead of getting one with all the extra sweet stuff.
4	Great for breakfast! Really cozy place, everything is super sweet so proceed with caution. Solid four stars. Loved my berries and cream waffle. It was yeasty, chewy, crispy, and sweet. I also got a caramel macchiato that I should've skipped, just added to the sugar stickiness. Boyfriend got the Nutella strawberry and we traded half way thru. Also really good. :)
4	I had a friend that lived in Belgium who would bring these delectable waffles home, so I need what to expect. SUGAR, SUGAR and SUGAR. If you're expecting something else, you probably should not go here. They only have waffles, nothing else to eat. There is a wide assortment of coffee drinks. Tables are limited. It was busy on Saturday morning and there wasn't enough seating at the one off Audrey Kell. I ended up getting the triple berry waffle which was excellent. I really could of had two, but my ass told me to stop. I will be back!
4	Great waffles! Try the naked ones. I got some frozen ones too. They are decent, but as expected not as great as the fresh ones.
5	Man nothing is more delicious than the Belgium waffles and coffee after a night of fun with friends! So I wanted to try these folks. I wish I could have this every day but I don't to end of on that Biggest Loser Show!The only reason for giving them 5 stars was the taste. The food was good and I have to say they are doing their best. They were quite busy so it shows a lot of people agree with me!
5	Free wi-fi with a decent speed! Busy on weekends,hard to find a seat.Amazing corner location just like star bucks and a wonderful neighborhood :)Got a text message on the second morning of the recent snow storm that they're open.What a relief !!! Saw the text message and started walking in the storm towards the coffee shop..it was an adventurous hike...... Wondering about the distance:I live next door ;) Haha
4	Highly recommend cast iron waffles if you've never been. These dense sugary waffles are so sweet and delicious. Not a whole lot of seating so we get ours frozen to go in bulk. Can't tell the difference. The butter syrup combo on the sweet is terrific and you don't need much.
5	Delicious waffles and great coffee. I also love to buy the frozen waffles and bring them home. So easy to warm and a super fast breakfast.
5	Great waffles! Small cafe but every local should try their waffles!!
4	One word.  Nutella!  I never knew how amazing nutella could be on a waffle until I had one of theirs.  Then we added fruit to it and it became perfection.  Super delicious but a smidge on the pricy side.
5	What? The waffles have chunks of sugar in them? What?!?!This is officially the best place ever.I never thought I'd love a waffle until I tried the waffles here.  You may be detered by the small size of the waffles in the showcase.  But really, the waffle itself is pretty heavy, and it only gets heavier by adding on toppings (which is a must).  So it's actually the perfect size.  By the end of my first waffle, I felt like I was borderline hyperglycemia diabetic.  Perfectly borderline. Definitely try to check in and get their deals if they're offering.  I paid 5$ for my waffle including powdered sugar, nutella, strawberries, and whipped cream.  Not only is the food good, the place itself is like a cute cafe with small tables and outside seating.  On a nice day, I wouldn't mind my party running late so I can chill on the shaded tables outside.
5	I have eaten a liege waffle in Salt Lake City and loved it so much that when we came to Charlotte for business I looked to see if I could get them here. I drove for 40 minutes to get one and it did not disappoint.  So good that I ate 2 of them to get my fix. My favorite is with Biscoff and whipped cream. The staff was very friendly and the place was clean.
4	Authentic Belgium Waffles!  Not really a breakfast spot, more like a dessert spot.  They offer a full coffee bar, but the best is the medium roast coffee. If you get the fruit on the waffle then it balances out the sweetness. The Nutella on it is awesome too!  Small place, not good for big crowds.
5	The Waffles are wonderful and the workers warm and inviting. Great atmosphere as well.  This is a Waffle and Coffee House that does it right!
2	Walk in it a chain with counter service.  Staff was a cute little girl very sweet.  Menu overhead was waffles and coffee, tea drinks.  You can't get eggs or other things here so if your thinking one can get waffles and other get eggs think again.  It really is waffles and you know waffles.  Waffles had so much sugar that my husband couldn't finish it.  I should say he's eaten a pound of Godiva  at a time.  They are more like a dessert. Don't do breakfast here unless your fasting Blood sugar is like tanking out and your about to call 911 for a coma.    The tea was decent but you have to pay for refills on coffee and tea.(not cool). It wasn't like they were making Chemex coffee for you, just came out a large carafe my husband said it was ok coffee.  Cleanliness was awesome.
4	Bacon and maple buttercream waffle. Great salty and sweet balance. Great coffee as well.
4	The Lumberjack waffle is my fave! Maple buttercream and BACON! Seating is limited, that's the only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars.
1	Interesting that my review from a couple of years ago has mysteriously been deleted.  Were not impressed, as the waffles will definitely provide you with the sugar headache, as they are excessively sweet.  In my original post, I joked that it would be a great place to eat, and then drop off the kids at the grandparents house.During our visit, the music was too loud.  They choose to put the speaker right above where you order, so we had to practically yell our order.  The person who took the order was clearly having a bad day, and was not very polite.  We ate with plastic ware on cheap throw away plates.  There is great potential here, but it's simply a place to purchase a sugary waffle that won't require syrup.  Heaven help you if you use both.After my original review was posted, I did receive an email from the owner asking me to reconsider or delete my review.  The very purpose of Yelp was to provide an unbiased review of our local businesses.  When you do well, you get rated as such.  When you don't; same thing.  Majority rules, so if you do more things right than wrong, your ratings score stays high.I declined the offer then, but might reconsider in the near future, to provide a comparison.  It's been two years, and would gladly prepare another review based on this next visit.  I just didn't want to have the review corrupted.  Now, I've found it's been deleted, so in all fairness, I've voted here again.
3	Wow!! Had an amazing breakfast.  If you like peanut butter cups, you should try the peanut butter cup waffle.   I also tried the lumberjack and it was equally delicious.  It was a little sweet for breakfast but a little desert for breakfast never hurt anyone.  I did have to take it down a couple stars because they did not have free refills on coffee and they ask for gratuity at the register.
1	NOT our cup of tea. With that said, the place is cute and the workers are nice so I would love to give them more stars but I'm basing it solely on our taste.  These are not ordinary waffles but liege waffles meaning they are infused with sugar balls in them. We were expecting more options than liege waffles since our whole family love waffles but guess we didn't research enough. We ordered 1) plain, 2) whipped cream 3) nutella & berries. The plain enough was so sweet that we could barely finish it. My son who LOVES waffles and nutella AND whipped cream took 2 bites and said he couldn't eat it. If you love sugary stuff this is the place for you! But for us it was too over the top and we couldn't enjoy the waffle or its toppings as much as we would have liked to.
5	Waffles are delicious, and the coffee is good too. Plain Waffles are a bit sweet but delicious without syrup or anything else.
1	If you were given a blind taste test and told to identify the food that you ate, no one would guess that they had eaten a waffle. I tried the lumberjack waffle which comes with maple butter and bacon crumbles on top.First the waffle. It is a dense black hole of dough. I understand why so many reviewers thought that it was only partially cooked. This is not your fluffy waffle with pockets of air bubbles inside. Rather, it's exactly like a hunk of half-cooked cookie dough. Solid through and through. It doesn't come with syrup. There are 2 reasons that Cast Iron Waffles doesn't offer syrup. 1) This kind of dense doughy waffle wouldn't absorb any syrup. The syrup would bounce right off this thing, and 2) syrup costs money.Now lets talk about the toppings. The "maple butter" is really extremely sweet maple icing, like the stuff you would decorate a cake with. There is a lot of it and it completely overpowers any other tastes on the plate. Can't taste the bacon and can't taste the waffle.The owners of Cast Iron are trying to run a restaurant as cheaply as possible. Everything screams CHEAP in this place. Plastic plates and forks for example. Did I mention there's no syrup? And, get this, self serve room temp tap water that you get from an urn at the end of the counter. You get up from your table and fetch yourself a small cup of luke warm water.  For the diner's pleasure, a stack of small plastic cups sits in repose by the urn. I would be embarrassed to bring a guest to this place.I would suggest that the owners change the name of this small, badly executed restaurant to "Maple Frosted Cookie Dough"
5	Best. Waffles. Ever. I had a biscoff waffle AND a maple butter waffle. Delicious!!! Need bigger drink selection though for those of us unhealthy types who like soda in the morning :)
5	Ive eaten here twice and love their waffles. I had the peanut butter cup waffle the last time I was in there. It is sweet but has a great taste. The only down side to this place is, the coffee isn't so good :( I will continue to go here but skip the coffee.
4	Delicious cafe menu and fun place to shop for tasty non-perishable delicacies, cooking ingredients, high-end chocolate bars, etc. The menu, changed seasonally, is fresh and light. Sit outside and enjoy people-watching along Southport Ave. and catch some rays on a sunny day.
