5	This was my favorite joint in the CLT.  I have never been to New Orleans, and because of Katrina, I probably  won't for awhile, but I imagine that this is a pretty good joint even by looziana standards.  I always get the blackened platter with chicken and the fish special with one of their rotating toppings, usually  one with crawfish and corn and a side of gumbo.  MMMMMMMMMM
5	Authentic New Orleans flavor and great family atmosphere.  Not pricey, and the portions are huge.  The fish is fresh, and the service is friendly.  Live music some nights.
2	We've been to the Pineville location before, and I have to say that the experience there is many times better than this one (at least on this night).  While everything was decent, nothing really came together.  The jazz band was decent, just don't make the mistake of sitting in the same room if you actually want to enjoy your meal, talk with your companions, that sort of thing.  If you're going for the music, that's fine, but for a quiet evening, it is not the room to sit in!
1	Skip this one.
4	We've been in Charlotte for about 6 months, transplanted from Long Island, and quite frankly, we're sick of chain food! We wanted something different, and that's exactly what we got at Cajun Queen.We were seated quickly, and offered the choice between inside, inside upstairs where the live jazz was playing, or outside. (We went with outside, why not?)Our waiter was attentive without being over bearing, and our drinks refilled without having to ask. He explained not only the specials but the "house favorites" as well.  We both chose something off the regular menu, wanting to see standards rather than one offs for our 1st visit, and we were not disappointed at all! We both enjoyed food that had flavor, and character, and didn't taste like everything else. I suppose coming from NY, we we're a bit spoiled by the variety and quantity of food choices, and it was nice to see with a little bit of poking around, it can still be found in our new home.The food and the service were wonderful, and the prices were very reasonable for the amount and quality of the food we received. This is definitely a place we will return to, and will recommend to others.
3	I went to college in New Orleans, and so I think I am fairly qualified to judge cajun food.  That being said, the food here was not all that great.  The fried dishes I tried, including fried green tomatoes and some fried seafood, were delicious and accompanied by great sauces.  The typical Nola food didn't fair as well.  The gumbo was heavy on the tomato, and poorly seasoned, and the red beans and rice was virtually flavor-free.  I enjoyed eating here, but I wouldn't return for cajun food (I would return for the fried food, it was delish).  I might have been more forgiving with the food if it hadn't been so expensive (about $20 per person).  Oh, and the tea was instant or nestea or something.
4	The  Etouffe with the crawfish at the Cajun Queen is the best!  There are very few things I find myself yearning for, but the Crawfish Etouffe at the Cajun Queen s definitely one of them.  The crawfish are so succulent, and chewy, and they give you so many, that you can't help but chew on two or three in each mouthwatering bite.  I think the deliciousness is a combination of the crawfish, and this amazing rich buttery,  sauce they cover the crawfish and rice in.  Really Really good.  I also really like their fried oysters, they were fried perfectly and each oyster was big and meaty, and they gave me a ton of oysters with my order, so I was a very happy man.  Yeah baby Fried oysters and plenty of 'em, that's what I'm talking about.  The restaurant can get a little crowded on weekends, but seven  nights  a week they  do have live jazz upstairs.  The rest of the menu is decent, but if you go to the Cajun Queen make sure to try one of their special dishes,  with the Crawfish, you will be glad you did.
4	I wasn't quite sure what to expect from this place.  Seeing some of the patrons walking into this place dressed up and at the same time seeing a giant alligator statue sitting in a throne in the front yard.  Once inside it's actually a really nice place.  The service is great, the waitresses are very friendly and attentive and really cared that we had a good time.  There is live music on some nights which always makes for a good time.  Looking at the other reviews, I think the food is kind of hit or miss.  I guess I was lucky with the red beans and rice, it was really good by my standards at least.
4	I agree with Lindsey R. that this area of 7th Street has some of Charlotte's cutest restaurants. Fig Tree, Jackelope's, and a few others along this way are all located in re-vamped houses, and it makes the dining experience much more intimate and exciting. I usually go for the red beans and rice and the fried green tomatoes appetizer, as there's not a lot in the way of veggie-friendly food...but I'm ok with what I get, as it's really, really good. And, since I don't eat too heavy on the entree part of the meal, I have room for the key lime pie. The key lime pie is worth the trip by itself. It's just the right tangy and just the right sweet. It's incredible.
4	So I know we're not exactly in Cajun country, but this place is still awesome and, as far as I can tell, super authentic. It's an amazing venue for food--really cool, old house--you feel like you're eating at an actual home--a nice one--on the Bayou or something. Or at least that's how it felt to a transplanted Yankee like myself. Great southern style cocktails here, so make sure you try at least one before dinner. I'm talking Souther Comfort mixed with all sorts of stuff--just amazing. And they're strong, so go easy. I had the catfish dish, and it was incredible. Hard to describe, but it was blackened with an amazing tangy sauce and came with mashed potatoes and greens. Their menu is really different, so make sure to check out all that's available. I'll definitely be back do so.
2	3 people sat down...Interesting old house feel to the place. #1 - Etouffee shrimp - good shrimp, pretty good spice to it, nothing special that would bring me back#2 - Etouffee crawfish -  good crawfish but just like any other (customer 2 preferred this over the shrimp)#3 - Wash Day Blues - red beans and rice were blander than usual and the sausage was not cut up, hot sauce only can do so muchFried Green Tomatoes appetizer was a hit with the whole table. Dixie Blackened voodoo was delicious.
3	I went here last night with our neighbors for drinks and some spicy cajun fare. The ambiance was interesting...basically the restaurant is in an old school home. The downstairs was quiet but the upstairs was the total opposite. The bar and the live jazz band is upstairs. The jazz band is actually reall good but if you are going here for a good conversation then you might as well let them know upfront that you would prefer sitting downstairs. Personally our group liked the live music. Prices are decent and food is as well. The service was a bit slow mainly coz the place was packed!! I ordered the Spicy chicken etouffe which was awesome. I ordered it extra spicy and man they meant it. My hubby however said that his blackened catfish was "eh". Still this is a good place to chill out with friends on a Friday night.
4	Took my hubby (whose parents and grandparents all grew up in Mississippi, super close to Louisiana) to the Cajun Queen for some cajun food! We entered into the foyer (lobby) and were greeted by two cheerful hostesses. They told us it would be about 15 minutes for a table and steered us upstairs to the bar while we waited for our table. We ordered two drinks and were quickly called for our table. We were seated in the small dining room to the right of the foyer. The rooms are all full of dark furniture, paintings, and dark wood. There were many people seated on the downstairs patio, and it looked to have been cooler than the small (packed) dining room. However, the cocktails we ordered when we were seated at our table quickly cooled us off. We started our dinner with the fried green tomato appetizer. The tomatoes were artfully displayed with a creamy sauce. The sauce, in combination with the tomatoes, was fabulous! Both dinners came with our choice of gumbo or salad. The waiter highly suggested the gumbo, and it was really good. For entrees we ordered cajun shrimp and grits and crawfish etouffee. Both dinners were full of flavor and were large in size. The upstairs dining room, adjacent to the bar, features live jazz music 7 nights a week. Definitely worth a listen while seated at the bar, or eating in that dining room. Be sure and pick up some mardi gras beads in the front foyer, and have a sit on the front porch while you let your delicious dinner settle. Grab a photo with the giant queen gator in the front yard as a souvenir!
3	A litle more upscale Cajun joint, but good. They have live music during the weekend upstairs and their bar is nice. On a beautiful day you can sit out on one of their 2 decks. One on the main floor and the other on the 2Nd floor. The steaks are great here, but make sure you try the BBQ shrimp appetizers and fried oysters. The BBQ shrimp is not your typical BBQ. It is hot and more of a broth base that is perfect to dip with the hot rolls. Oysters are also lightly fried and not greasy, so enjoy without worrying about your waist.
3	We came here for Sunday Brunch at around 11:45am.  The ambience  inside and outside is cool.  Nice place to go to drink eat and chat with a friends.~Service was just ok.  waiter seemed bothered...maybe he had a hard night.  (We will try the Pineville location next time....lol)-Fried Green Tomatoes were delicious (will order again)-Eggs Benedict on Crab Cakes was very tasty. (will order again)-Key Lime Pie was good but its more of a white cream mouse filling style than a yellow custard filling style. ( I prefer the custard style).
4	Now Ive never been to New Orleans but I love this place!!! Its perfect for my boyfriend and I to go! We love the drinks and the free entertainment oh and the fried oysters!!! I would recommend the Hurricane Drink so good! The Service is always good and friendly!
5	One oft favorite joints in Charlotte. Between the jazz band, etoufee, and shrimp& grits this place takes the cake.
4	SUCH good food! Traditional Cajun, so rich and flavorful!  Also the bananas foster french toast for brunch is one of my boyfriends favorite dishes he has ever had!
4	Easy to get reservations, prompt service, and DELICIOUS food!  I had the crayfish etoufee - rich and yummy.  Others had the chicken creole, shrimp & grits, & fried shrimp.  All reported yummy!  Nice atmosphere, too.  Took a kiddo (18mo.) and it was fine for her.  I will definitely be back.
3	What to say about the Cajun Queen..Hmm??? OK I got it..Its not a bad place at all, but I wasn't to impressed with the gumbo, to me it seemed like something was missing. I decide to have the Diane Chicken and it was simply amazing, it seemed to just melt it my mouth and what can i say about the fired green tomatoes( hold one second while i wipe the droll of of my mouth) lol .....The staff is great and the jazz band was awesome and played a over all large selection of music...so over all i would put them on my top ten
4	Four of my girlfriends and I ventured into this sweet little restaurant to score some Cajun fare before heading over to an evening show at Ovens Auditorium. The restaurant itself is housed in an old home, right off 7th street and be aware that parking is around the back and is a bit limited. Inside, it's fairly basic, but just comfortable enough. We were asked if we wanted to sit upstairs to listen to the jazz band, sit inside or on the patio, we chose to sit inside so we could chat and stay cool. The server was very prompt and made sure that we received our orders quick enough so that we could make it to our show with plenty of time. My girlfriends ordered a few different things - two ordered the creole (which they said was delicious), one enjoyed a grilled chicken salad, and two of us ordered the tortellini special with blackened chicken, andouille sausage, artichokes and wild mushrooms. The server (and cooks) were nice enough to allow us to make a plethora of changes to our dishes. I hope we weren't too difficult! My pasta special was great - I loved the parmesan cream sauce, tender tortellini and blackened chicken. The portion was beyond generous; I had a HUGE amount of chicken. I wish the dish had a bit less "sauce" on it, but that's just my personal preference. While I didn't have time to grab dessert, I definitely will next time - I keep hearing that the key lime pie is to die for. I'll definitely go back to Cajun Queen and next time I'd like to try some of their more traditional dishes - like their gumbo, creole or shrimp and grits.
4	Was recommended to this restaurant by the front  desk clerk at the Hilton nearby. My two co-workers and I were very happy with the food and the service. Portion sizes were more than enough. I ordered the Blackened Filet Diane and added shrimp. One of my co-workers had the shrimp, crawfish, and chicken etouffee, and the other got the princess cut Cajun barbecued pork chop.  And while each dish was wonderful, the presentation of the barbecued pork chop was simply beautiful! It was certainly the best looking plate of the evening.
4	Cajun Queen was great.  It is overpriced for cajun food, but the food was great.  I had mahi mahi with some crawfish sauce and vegetables over it.  Excellent!
2	I was looking forward to dining at the Cajun Queen from hearing about their authentic New Orleans cuisine to seeing their Best Cajun Restaurant in Charlotte status. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't memorable. I wish I could write about the service or the exact taste of the food but it was simply meh. I got the Blackened Catfish Filet with mashed taters (which I do remember and were fabulous) but I think they forgot the blackening on it or don't know what blackening means. I had to put some hot sauce on there just to get a kick.It's a charming place however they had some live music which I personally found loud (and this moment right here is when I turned old).If you're looking for authentic New Orleans style food like I was, I would pass.
2	havent been there since i was a kid with my parents and after last night i will not go back. who's ever heard of bland cajun food, well somehow they pulled it off. i can make far better cajun food that at least has taste. the gumbo was terrible and the grits from the shrimp and grits were even worse, thank goodness they had habanero sauce to add some taste to this miserably bland dish. they did have dixie lager and dixIes blackened voodoo lager which is the only reason theyre not getting one star. the bartender was not pleasant either she obviously did not want to be there and it showed, when there are only 3 people in front of you, you should keep their water glasses full and beers a-comin' .  the band was nice and the place itself is nice but im never going back, hotel charlotte, danny's too and especially boudreaux's are all much better with regards to cajun creole cuisine
4	I have eaten here on a number of occasions. I have taken my family, friends and coworkers here over the last 10 years. Cajun Queen never disappoints me or my guests. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is very fun and the service is friendly. Recommendations... If you are looking for a romantic dinner, I suggest sitting at the bar for a drink then eating downstairs.  If you're looking to have fun with another couple or group, sit upstairs with the live music. You will have a great time... BTW... I've eaten in Cajun restaurants all over Louisiana and have friends of mine join me for dinner who lived in New Orleans and Baton Rouge. Everyone says the food is amazing.
4	The cajun here is fairly original...considering.  The atmosphere is unique in this old home as you can sit downstairs or up.  I've only been once, but will return if I get back in the area.  They had a live dixie band upstairs so that's where we dined...loud but entertaining!
4	Overall I love Cajun Queen it's usually the first place I think of to bring guests from out of town and for special events like birthdays.  The atmosphere keeps bringing me back I love sitting in this cozy house listening to the band and sipping on my dirty martini and the Mardi Gras beads just put me in a good mood.I have had great experiences with the food and a couple just ok experiences - but I think now I know exactly what to order you can not go wrong with the appetizers the oysters are some of the best I've had and I love the crawfish scampi.  The BBQ shrimp are beyond tasty but I normally order that as my meal now it comes as an entree too. A couple of things on the menu I don't care for are the shrimp and grits if your thinking you'll be getting some southern shrimp and grits I will steer you away from this entree you will be disappointed. The gumbo was also a big disappointment to me where is the heat.The fish specials are usually pretty good but can be bland. Stick to the dishes they are known for, etouffee, diane, creole, you'll be happy,
4	I felt like I came to New Orlean's all of a sudden (except for fact that we could find parking pretty fast, not so in New Orleans, in fact, there is no parking there in French Quarter, but that's another story).There is a bar on the upper level with New Orleans music playing while you wait for someone. Note that you will have to pay for drinks if you have any right there upstairs, can't put it on your meal bill. Just FYI.Downstairs, there is a nice gas fireplace that keeps the place warm and cozy.I was apprehensive at first because of the cuisine type, not a fan of spicy foods, however, the menu has got variety for every taste: seafood, steaks, pasta, grains, potatoes, soups, salads and even the fried green tomato. No kidding. It was actually pretty good, reminded me of fried eggplant. Unusual.Portions are humongous! I don't usually leave food on my plate, however, here, it was just humanly impossible for me to finish the buttery blackened chicken over Aveoulle pasta. Solid four stars for bringing New Orleans to Charlotte. Take the Cajun Queen steam boat Mississippi tour when you are in New Orleans!
5	Had an excellent meal here last night with friends and family. The blackened catfish was delicious and so was the cajun  scampi appetizer!  My husband said his pork etouffe' was amazing and he had a large, delicious drink to take him through the entire meal.  I will make this place a regular when visiting Charlotte.
3	Went here for my wife's birthday.Made a reservation arrived early and was seated after waiting 30 minutes after the reservation had passed. We came for the Jazz but wound up sitting in a room with no band and canned music.The food was ok - and if we'd been seated earlier and able to actually hear the music I would give this place a 4 star review.
4	I went last Friday to celebrate my 5 year wedding anniversary. Our 2 year old daughter was with us as well. The place was alot busier than I was expecting. It was such an exciting atmosphere. We loved it! My daughter said to us "wow, were at a party". The music band plays upstairs and that is where we were seated. We had a short wait around 10 minutes and the manager seated us right in front of the band as if he read my mind. That is exactly where we wanted to sit. I'm not a fan of spicy food and the waiter recommended instead of blackened, I can order the fish or chicken to be grilled and it was amazing. The popcorn crawfish was excellent. Beers were $3, $4 The whole experience was great, fun and we spent only $80 including the tip. I had spent more than double that at Villa Antonio a few months back for my wife's 30th bday and did not have as nice of a time. I would definitely go back and recommend to anyone wanting to have more than just your average dinner at applebees :)
5	I LOVE this restaurant. So far, I have only been twice, but boy I wish I could afford to go weekly! My boyfriend and I just went for Valentine's Day. Had a reservation, got there a little early, and were still seated immediately, and in the jazz room too! (Side note: the female singer they had on Valentine's was INCREDIBLE. Wish I got her name) My boyfriend and I absolutely LOVE the rolls they give everyone, possibly the best rolls I've had at any restaurant. For my drink, I ordered the chocolate martini, my favorite! Oh, and of course a Hurricane later, also deliciousFor my entree I had the special Tilapia with the crawfish topping. OH! First, let me mention, the gumbo that comes before the entree is AMAZING. I don't care if it's not authentic! Who cares about authenticity when the food is THAT good. I ate that gumbo so fast my boyfriend was making comments like, "Slow down, it's not going anywhere!" It had a little bit of a kick to it, which I don't normally like, but the flavor was just too good! Now, back to the entree. Last time, I ordered the same thing, but I didn't even try the crawfish topping; I just gave it all to my mom. This time, however, I realized what a mistake that was! I've actually never had crawfish before, so I have nothing to compare theirs to, but it was delicious, and I'm already craving more! The tilapia, like the first time, was also to-die-for. I will admit I'm biased because I like tilapia pretty much anywhere I go as long as they cook it right, but my boyfriend seemed to like it as well. He also loved his salmon special with the shrimp topping (as did I!).Unfortunately, neither of us were able to leave room for dessert, so I have nothing to say about that. Overall, this place is definitely in my top 3 restaurants in Charlotte now. The only problem is the parking, which is almost unavoidable whenever you go there. It's such a tiny place with barely any parking, but I'd rather deal with the parking than have them move to another location. The tiny old building, along with the jazz music playing, makes me feel like I've gone back in time. It's such a cozy, romantic restaurant. Definitely a great choice for Valentine's Day, and even my extremely picky, high-maintenance boyfriend (I love him, but he is!) agreed. Believe me, he wasn't lying. He wouldn't hesitate to tell me if I picked a bad restaurant! lol.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant.  The Jazz was fantastic!Only drawback was that although we had reservations, it took about 40 minutes to get seated. We had to wait at the bar. The price for the amount of food was a little much, but it was excellent!!!  I can't wait to go back!
4	Delicious!I've been here twice, once for brunch and once for dinner and I thought it was great both times.  At dinner I ordered the blackened chicken and tortellini special and it was great, only complaint was there werent enough tortelliini but it was made up by the overabundance of chicken.  My girlfriend ordered the chicken diane and it was amazing, I was torn as to which dish I enjoyed more.  Service was great and the food came out blazingly fast.
4	Came here for my wife's birthday one year - had great food and the live jazz is a great plus.
5	Food:  Fried Oysters were nice and crispy on the outside and delightfully gooey on the inside.. The perfect spice for both the oysters and the shrimp.  On the main course... Lay down a bed of rice, throw some "jerk like" chicken and two different kinds of red bean delicousness and BAM... You are set!   Now, I like my food to have a KICK but this was, what I would call, a controlled KICK.  Just enough spice to get the tongue and mouth salivating and begging for more.  You could always add some more Louisiana hot sauce if you wanted.  Then, to top it off.... bread pudding.. Oh Lordy Lord Lord, the bread pudding.. SOOOOOooo good.  I would go back just for the bread pudding.  Atmosphere/Staff:  Bo, the bartender made a mean Hurricane and had extensive knowledge of the shrimp apps that proved to be very helpful.  Everything about the two story restaurant was uniquely decorated and made you feel comfortable and relaxed.  The upstairs outdoor patio was quaint and cozy with a classy touch.  Overall, simply wonderful.  Please give it a try.. You wont regret it.   Enjoy-Ian M.
5	I love the Cajun Queen - the food is great and spicy, the live band is awesome and jazzy and it is fun to celebrate and dine with close friends in this bourbon street atmosphere on the second floor (minus the flashing of course)I have been here many times over 20 years and will keep coming back as long as I'm around.
2	If you like your appetizers before your drinks....this is your place. Table had empty salt and pepper shakers. The hot sauce bottles were empty and dirty. This is NOT authentic Cajun food! The Champagne was flat.....horrible experience. Waiter was aloof.
2	Wanted to give this place 3 stars, but the waitress was weird.  The bill hadn't even arrived and my date offered to pay by handing the waitress her credit card.  Being old-fashioned, I wanted to pay for dinner.  The waitress was adamant on charging dinner to whoever was the first person to give a card.  I tried in vain, but she refused which was perplexing.  It might get difficult with diners trying to make the waitress take their payment, but they have to deal with it.  Feel it out, be a little patient if need be.  Part of being a good server is being able to adjust and stuff.Food was average - nothing special.  Three stars because the ambiance is just astounding - live jazz music and restaurant is a house, literally.dmo out
4	Coming from the northeast, me and Cajun anything were not acquainted until I came to the Cajun Queen. Most Cajun food is not vegan friendly, but the chef at Cajun Queen went the extra mile and created me a veg-friendly dish! I had a Creole sauce mixed with a TON of veggies and served with rice on the side.The atmosphere is what sells me on the Cajun Queen, an intimate setting that is laid out in a big house. Upstairs has jazz music, while downstairs has a bunch of little tables for small parties.I'll definitely be back! Cajun/Creole is definitely a different type of food than what I usually grab.
5	BBQ shrimp...Fried oysters...RBR...All brilliant.
4	I don't usually go for Cajun, but there's so much here that there's always something I'm "in the mood" for.  Plenty of food, so good value for the prices.  Service was fair, and probably the only thing that could be improved upon.  Best shrimp and grits ever!!
4	Definitely one of my favs. Loved the gumbo, grits, and creole shrimp. Live jazz was the cherry on the sundae. Speaking of desserts, I remember being pleasantly surprised with the bourbon pecan pie.
5	We had our first visit last night. Fun, jazzy band, great atmosphere, but the food was the star of the show. Fried green tomatoes, BBQ shrimp, shrimp and grits, fried oysters... all excellent. Fast, polite, unobtrusive service, too. We'll definitely be back. A+
4	Elizabeth is one of my favorite parts of town; I love how old houses have been remade into restaurants and offices.  Too often charming old buildings are paved over and replaces with concrete boxes.  The Cajun Queen is in one of these old homes, and this lends it a very intimate and warm atmosphere.Of course, atmosphere isn't everything when it comes to restaurants, but the food at the Cajun Queen was fortunately spot-on as well.  Our tables started with the fried oyster appetizer, and it was a hit: emarkably light for a fried dish, it was like eating little oyster clouds.  For my main course, I ordered etouffee with all three (chicken, shrimp, and crawfish).  It was creamy and deeply, darkly spicy.  I was a little worried about the protein aspect, since those three items have different cooking times, but all were perfectly done.The Cajun Queen provided us with a delicious dinner.  I knock a single star off only because the service, while not bad, wasn't great either.  The place isn't exactly cheap, so our waiter earned a nice tip.  He could've paid just slightly more attention to our table.  Oh well, everyone has an off day.
5	Awesome etouffee.  It actually isn't as spicy as I thought it'd be.  I got the shrimp, chicken, and crawfish combo.  Actually wish i didn't get the chicken (even though it was super tender), I just didn't get as much rice...which probably would have been really good with the sauces.  Other than that....pretty cool music by local musicians....great ambiance and good times.  =)If work sends me back out here again, I wouldn't mind coming back...
5	I love, love, love it here! Wonderful flavors in a cozy home like setting.  The etouffee was delish mix of shrimp, chicken, and crawfish in an amazing spicy sauce.  I will definitely be come back here
4	LOVE the Etouffee! The chicken with rice and beans is amazing. I can't wait to go back. I love the casual feel and the food is just down right good.
4	Terribly busy during the weekend evenings and the service seems to suffers. But not their fault because they seem to overbook themselves to the point of having customers wait for a while at the upstairs bar. We waited about 20 minutes for a reservation to be ready. The bar was packed and had only one bartender, so it was also very slow.That said, the food was really AMAZING. Best Cajun place outside of New Orleans, by far. Definitely worth a visit. The Diane and Etoufee dishes are really great. Went there again on a Sunday afternoon and the service was much better.The drinks are outstanding too!
4	I've been to Cajun Queen a couple times, once for a work meeting and once on a date with my boyfriend. The meeting was definitely the better experience solely in terms of food, everything was spot on and delicious - I especially loved the crawfish scampi! For my entree I went with tilapia which tasted very good. The last time we went service was slow (it was a weekday), and the food surprisingly forgettable. We split the calamari appetizer which was pretty standard and each had the steak Diane. I am a rare girl but found the meat a bit tough- usually filet should be easy to cut through, this wasn't the case. I'd say stick to your seafood options, give yourself some extra time to dine, and enjoy!
5	LOVE me some Cajun Queen.  Love it.  Love the intimate atmosphere, love the jazz band upstairs... and the hubster loves the 7th Street Stumbler (have you ever seen a 6'4, 300lb man stumble? It's not pretty).FGT's are to DIE for.  I'm a northerner, so I don't really have a ton of iterations to compare them to, but they are pretty damn good.Crawfish. Etoufee. 'Nuff said.  So flavorful and delicious.This is one of our top 10 restaurants in the QC.  Worth a visit, fo sho!
1	This has got to be the most overrated restaurant in Charlotte. I've been 3 times and I have never been impressed.  But this last time was horrible. This is the McDonald's of Cajun cuisine. Every dish we had was completely flavorless. Fortunately it was only half price because of the Groupon that I used. And even at half off it was overpriced relative the to the exceptionally low quality of the food. I'll never go back.
4	My wife and I went to this Restuarant with another couple, and we were pleasantly surprised. The environment with the social scene, jazz music , and the diverse make up of the crowd is what really liked. The service, food was also good we would recommend this Restuarant as a place to go.
4	I was checking my photo's only to find out that I have not made a review of this place. Me and Mine went here a few weeks ago for Brunch. She had the shrimp & gritsI had had the gumbo.. Everything was nice and neat, served hot (We were the 1st there so no wait)It was close to 12noon, we had finished our food and basically waiting for the clock to strike 12 so we could order a cocktail before leaving. Well it was was sooooooo close, (maybe 5mins or so) that the waiter placed our order. I asked about the bloody marry (Muddy Waters), never really had one (Bloody Mary). The waiter asked.. ARE YOU SURE (with a devilish grin).... (see picture). Well after a 20 bet.. I reluctantly pulled the oyster out only to find it looks like some bull nuts (sorry for the graphic) But thats what made the bet worth wild. Trust and Believe, I have video of me taking the "shot" (its really too much drink and biggggg oyster to be a shot).Everything went well, the waiter found it hill-arry-us.Cheer's
2	We came to eat to celebrate our anniversary (this as one of our first dates 14 years ago).  I called over a month ago to make the reservation and explained the purpose of our visit and asked if they could do anything for us when we came.  We arrived that night and were seated quickly.  Very crowded, very loud.  I didn't remember that from the last visit several years ago until we sat down and it came back to me very quickly.The Waiter seemed distracted, but we managed to get our order.  The fried crawfish were great as a starter.  We then decided to get a few more appetizers and one entree to split.  When the gumbo came, we both decided it tasted like spicy water.  There was no flavor at all.  Even the shrimp had no taste.  It almost tasted like it was diluted to make it last the night or had just been sitting in the pot way too long.  I mentioned it to the waiter and he commented that he has never had it and that the main items are made in such large quantities, he didn't expect it would be very good.  What?!  Why would the waiter say that instead of "I'm sorry sir, can we get you something else?"The rest of the meal was okay.  The Diane had more chicken than anything else (about 2 shrimp and 2 crawfish to go with three chicken breasts).  It lacked any flavor either and was kind of mushy.  The oysters were good and the crawfish scampi was good, but a bit on the greasy side.The waiter never asked if we enjoyed our meal and never even said thank you for visiting.  He dropped off the ticket, picked it up and brought it back without saying word.  Customer service is just as important as the food, so that rates 0 stars.  He looked like we were in his way since we were only a 2 topper and he was losing money with us when he had other larger tables in his section.  The manager even walked by us several times and didn't even ask about our meal or acknowledge us.Overall, we were very disappointed at the experience.  It seems like they are running on their reputation and haven't done much to maintain or improve over the years.  We have eaten here since I arrived in Charlotte in 1996 and have had events there, etc.  This visit will change my mind of a repeat visit.Oh, by the way, no one even mentioned our anniversary when I specifically asked when I made that reservation a month ago.  That is a big no-no.
4	Wow, I can't believe that I haven't written a review of the Cajun Queen before!  I guess because it is such a "Charlotte Institution" that I just imagined I would have written about it before!  Anyhow, this is one of my fav places to go when we actually leave the "Ballantyne Bubble".  We recently purchased a Groupon and went to meet some friends there for dinner.  While I love saving the $$ associated with groupon-type specials, I really dread going to the restaurant when I know that they are going to be swamped with other customers who are also taking advantage of the savings.  It seems that most restaurants do not properly prepare for the increase in business that will result from offering the coupons.  Many times, we have noticed that there is not enough staff to handle the increased number of customers -- so the level of service and also the quality of the food suffers. But enough of that tangent...back to the Cajun Queen...Since there were going to be 6 of us, we made a reservation.  David and I arrived before the rest of our party, so we went upstairs to the bar while we waited. The bar was pretty full and I must say, the service in the bar area suffered because of it. It took a while to get our beers and the bartender didn't bother offering an orange or a glass for my Blue Moon, which was disappointing. But I had my "big girl panties" on , so I got over it and just decided to try and enjoy the beer straight from the bottle sans l'orange.  Almost immediately after getting our beers, the hostess announced over the loudspeaker that our party of 6 was being seated.  Yay, CQ for having our table ready on time!  And yay friends for not being late! :0After being seated in a nice big corner table, we decided to order 3 appetizers for the table to share and went with the bar-b-cue shrimp, some sort of fried crawfish thing, and fried pickles. The bbq shrimp was definitely my fav of the 3.  I personally can live without fried pickles, but the other folks in our party seemed to really like them.  I am not normally a huge fan of crawfish, but this dish was really tasty.   Sadly, there were no oysters available for appetizers (although the waiter said they had a few in reserve for one of the entrees).  For my entree, I went with the shrimp etouffee - one of my favorite dishes.  It was spot on!  David had the shrimp creole and I tasted a bite of it - it was very good as well but not as spicy as mine. (I like spicy!)   We ordered some desserts to share among the table and for some reason, ended up with 2 pieces of key lime pie and 1 of the tollhouse cookie something-or-another.  They were both good, but I wish someone at the table had ordered a bread pudding because theirs is delish! This would have been a 5 star review, except for the fact that there were several issues with the service thorughout our meal.  Nothing egregious, but a series of little things (mostly a lack of attention to detail) that detracted from making this a 5 star experience.  But, all-in-all, we had a great time and everyone enjoyed their meal.  So, with another Groupon waiting to be put to good use, we will definitely be going back again soon!
5	I went here Friday night as my cheat night for the diet I'm on. This was a great cheat destination! We arrived for reservations at 8:30. The place was packed! They send you upstairs to the bar to wait until your table ready and I did not even try to get a drink it was so packed. However, our table was ready soon after we arrived. Cajun Queen is in an old house in the Elizabeth community (my community) and has great ambiance. We started off with a crawfish appetizer (not the fried one) and it was delicious! I will definitely get tit again! The cucumber gin drink that was featured was also great. I got the BBQ shrimp as my main course and it was also very good. My date got the salmon special and it was great (Maybe a little better than mine, I had to try a bite!) I ended the dinner with a slice of Oreo cheesecake - yum. Overall this was a great experience and will be my destination when I want some great, spicy Cajun cuisine. (sorry Bordeaux - I won't be visiting you anymore)
4	I must update my review with some favorite dishes...this is Cajun deliciousness: Barbecue shrimp: Nom nom nom. The sauce on these shrimp is outstanding and the little crustaceans are perfectly cooked! I could easily make a meal out of these tasty creatures of the sea. Shrimp grits: Seriously creamy and dreamy. The shrimp are sizeable and plump! You'll want to live in these grits...you know, make a home in the bowl. Bread pudding: I'm not even a huge bread pudding person and their peach bread pudding is outstanding - the perfect amount of sweet and savory. It's love reincarnated.Cajun Queen can great really crowded so be aware of that when you plan your evening. And, be sure to catch the Cajun Queen band when you can...those guys are amazing!
4	This place is different. Its not the best food I've had in the world, nor is it the worst. I had the creole. It wasn't bad, but the only option to give the meal a kick of spice was texas pete or their own special jalapeno sauce. The service didn't exist, as that I ate at the bar. The parking is badly setup. The parking lot is small, and forces people to park at other businesses or on the side of the street.
4	This place is awesome! I bought a groupon spend $20 get $40 so a few of us went to check it out.  They had a live jazz band upstairs which was great.  We shared fried green tomatoes, calamari and chicken/shrimp creole.  It was all fabulous.  Definitely a great girls night or date night place!  I took my husband there last week and he loved it!
5	The best BBQ shrimp I've EVER had. The sauce is good for dipping the bread. Definitely going back again. Shrimp and grits are okay, but I've been to Hominy Grill in Charleston, SC and theirs is the best. Service was awesome, as our waiter was great!
5	I do not know how this place and Boudreaux's has the same rate. Being a native New Orleanian I am spoiled by my roots. Cajun Queen is as close as it gets to the real deal. The only thing I just do not care for, but just my personal preference is the gumbo, tomatoe-based, so I am just not a fan. The brunch is amazing, and surprisingly I love the pork dish with bananas, yummo
4	This place is great! The setting is wonderful-- the restaurant is in a nice, big colorful house and its filled with lots of vibrant paintings--one of the rooms even has a fireplace which adds a lot of character.  The food is also very solid--lots of New Orleans specialties served by a very friendly staff. I had the blackened catfish which was very good and came with some nice steamed broccoli and yummy mashed potatoes. I also tried the fried oysters and the gumbo which were also both very tasty. Also, another highlight was the bread which came warm and fresh.  Would definitely recommend this place for a Nawlins meal in a fun, warm setting.
4	We started off with what everyone suggested, yes the Fried Green Tomatoes and the Cajun Popcorn (Fried Crawfish). It was awesome. The green tomatoes were not sour and it came with a sauce that made it tangy. This sauce also came with the fried crawfish and it complemented with it well.I ordered the Diane with all three (chicken, shrimp, and crawfish) my mother ordered the chicken, my father ordered the pork chop, and my brother followed with everyone's recommendation of the BBQ shrimp.The Diane: absolutely to die for. It wasn't extremely spicy, the spice and kick came from the use of pepper and maybe a dash of cayenne pepper. But it was creamy, and with the mushrooms, chicken, crawfish, and shrimp it was amazing. I have to personally say that this was probably the best dish, or tied with the pork chop at least.The chicken was probably the worse of the 4 dishes there, but on the bright side we did order the 3 good dishes. Next, the Pork Chop:This was awesome as well. The flavor was just off the chain! It wasn't spicy, but that sauce they added to the pork chop had a tangy flavor and then it was sweet as well. The meat was also well cooked, juices just coming out of it. Delicious.The last dish BBQ Shrimp:If you're a spicy dish lover, this is the dish you should get. My father as well as brother found it pretty spicy (I did too), but whoa. The flavor on the shrimp as well as the rice was absolutely delicious (before the kick of the spiciness of course). It had a tangy sweet taste to it at first, then it just kicks back. Parking was kinda crappy, but it goes well with the environment and ambiance of the restaurant. A house/restaurant gives it a homey feel, as well as a high class dining experience. But, parking and getting out of that parking lot is a pain. *Note, there is an exit/entrance at the back of the parking lot as well as the front to 7th street.* (But I would recommend to enter from 7th street)I hope I have stirred your taste buds in trying something new and unique from Charlotte. Because mine was!
5	Doesn't get much better... great cajun food, great staff, fun locale, and voodoo beer. Throw in some live music and it makes a fun summer night dinner! Been around forever... that should tell you something!
4	Amazing Fried Green Tomatoes and Blackened Pork Tenderloin.  I will order both of these next time I go back.  Very cool atmosphere in a cozy old house.  Live bands play upstairs and it can be loud, so sit downstairs if you want to enjoy your conversation.
5	OMG, the best pecan pie EVER!!!
4	Needless to say.. I like it hot and I feel like Cajun Queen GETS me. There is definitely enough spice to be had here for all! My bf and I went this past weekend and I always can't believe that I don't come here more often. We started off with the BBQ Shrimp, which had decent-sized shrimpies swimming around in cajun tastiness and it was just enough to leave us wanting more. I had the 4-way etouffee, yes, 4-WAY ettouffee with chicken, shrimp, crawfish and sausage and it was just what the doctor ordered for my spice addiction! My man ordered the shrimp and grits and loved his so much that he ate it again at home the next night! The etouffee was obviously meaty and spicy, while the shrimp and grits were creamy and plentiful. I, of course, enjoyed my meal with a Dixie's Blackened Voodoo (spiced) lager. Spice, spice, spice!Bonus while dining at Cajun Queen: LIVE jazz music every night of the week! If you sit  upstairs, you will have the pleasure of  eating and drinking to fun music that totally fits the Cajun cuisine. The band may be a little too loud at times to have a normal dinner conversation but this is what makes the experience fun! If you would rather a more quiet dinner, make a reservation for the downstairs area of the restaurant or for a table outside. Just a heads up: You may have to wait a few minutes before your table is ready for your reservation...  All the more reason to belly up to the bar while you wait. Duh. The service may be a bit slow as they are always busy and the servers sometimes get a tad overwhelmed. But most aren't in a hurry while enjoying what the Queen has to offer so it's never seemed to be much of a problem for me.
4	Good food and cool atmosphere.  If you have a craving for cajun food and you are in Charlotte, then this is the place for you.  There's live jazz music and a bar upstairs.  The etoufee with chicken, shrimp, and crawfish makes for a delicious meal.  The seafood gumbo is pretty good, but nothing exceptional.  There are times when the parking is kind of a hassle there; the private parking area is often full.
2	Maybe it's because I've been to New Orleans or have friends from Louisiana but I don't know what the big to do about Cajun Queen is.  Maybe it's because people have never had real Cajun cuisine before.The fried green tomatoes were blah.  The batter wasn't tasty at all.  My entree was the combo etouffee with shrimp, chicken and crawfish.  The seasoning was weak.  I must say that the shrimp and chicken were cooked really well.  I just didn't expect a whole chicken breast to be laid over my plate.  The portions were good.Neither one of my two friends finished their plates.  One said her shrimp and grits were just okay.  My other friend said her fried oysters were fresh.I will not be going back.  Parking was hard to find and it was loud inside.
4	"A very flavorful New Orleans' experience without burning your tongue"The restaurant is an old house in a very nice area of town an area called Elizabeth. Open every night for dinner, and they have a Live Jazz band every night.Tried the Abita Beers (Amber, and Fruity) both good. In the second floor of the house is the bar, and in a room next to it is the Jazz Band. Nice art in the walls that is for sale without price meaning - if you have to ask you can not afford it. For appetizers we tried the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp (4.5) - the right amount of spiciness, with layers of flavor. You will want to use the bread to soak all that wonderful juiciness. We also ordered the Craw-fish Scampi (3), it was lemony and not as complex as the shrimp. The Blackened new York steak was nice but uneventful (3)  the Mahi-Mahi with Diane sauce on top of mashed potatoes (4)was very good. I tried the special of the day - Pan Seared Duck Breast ( medium) on top of garlic fried potatoes w Craw-fish Etouffe (4.5) really nice combination. It had the best flavors of Cajun/Creole cuisine but it was not spicy or heavy. The only weak note was the Seafood Gumbo (2.5) it was just OK a bit bland, I added some drops of the hot sauce and it was better.  In conclusion, it was a very nice experience and definitely a high end New Orleans experience.  They do not offer espresso =(. But the Bourbon Bread Pudding hit a perfect mark, it was unexpected light and fluffy, not too sweet. We also had a very good Pecan Pie (3.5).
4	We went to the Cajun Queen for Sunday brunch. We had an 11:00 reservation so we were the first ones in the restaurant. We were greeted by our hostess and two servers who were smiling, friendly, and ready to go. We ordered the beignets with homemade strawberry jam for starters, warm, light, sprinkled with powdered sugar, yummy! We had the tasso biscuits and gravy, an omelet, the crab cake eggs benedict, and chicken strips with French fries from the kids menu.  Everything was great including the service and unsweetened iced tea.  The serving size was large, but not excessive.  When we were finished, we were too full to try the Key Lime pie which we were told was to die for. If I had any complaint, it would be that the tables are a little too small for the generously sized plates, but this is a small place, so the small tables are a necessary requirement. The jazz music is a little loud, but not obnoxious, and is appropriate for the New Orleans Cajun and creole menu. All in all, a very pleasant experience. We will be going back for dinner to try the regular entrees.
4	MY man and i scooped up not one but 2 groupons to this place and used the second one up last night.  Will we be back for another meal at full price you ask?  Absofreakinlutely!  We have always had attentive servers and fast service.  I'm a fan of the gumbo...could be a little spicier...but I'm kind of crazy in the heat department.  I had the blackened pork dish which comes with fresh pineapple, fried plantains,  and some kind of creamy bean sauce.  YUM...lick the plate good kind of yum.  and the bf had the blackened catfish with two heaping sides of fresh veggies.  It looked delicious and he finished the whole thing.  He has a pretty fancy palette and he loved it.  Didn't offer me a bite, but neither did I, I guess that's a good sign (we're selfish eaters).  Looks like we gotta check out the brunch next...ta!
2	So earlier this year I bought a coupon off of Google Offers for Cajun Queen. I had never been here and wanted to try it so $15 for $40 worth of food was a great incentive. It took me until last week to give it a try. The atmosphere was dark and a bit drab. The art on the walls was nice but I was here for food. The menu was concise but could have been a bit more extensive. The prices were on the high side of expensive. Thank goodness for the coupon. Service was prompt but about as drab as the atmosphere. I could have used a smile from someone but it didn't come. The portions that came with my meal were just the way I like them. Not too much but enough for a good dinner. The flavor of the oysters and shrimp was above satisfactory. All in all, the trip was worth it, but with the coupon. I would have kicked myself if I had to pay full price for the experience received. That being said, I doubt I will be returning on my own accord.
4	I enjoy Cajun/Creole food as a change of pace and Cajun Queen has always delivered a good enough version of things to keep me happy.  Absolutely adore the BBQ shrimp with the only problem being the "gravy" is so good that I end up eating too much bread cause I can't stop sopping it up!The gumbo is good though on my most recent visit it could have used a bit more salt.  Same for one of the specials we ordered which was blackened mahi with a crawfish, artichoke, tomato sauce.  It was flavorful with perfectly cooked fish and very lemony artichokes though.  Also got the Etouffee (secret... you can order it 4 way where they add andouille to it to go along with the 3 way version with shrimp, crawfish and chicken).  It was really good with a perfect dark roux and just enough spice to get my forehead sweating.  The shrimp in it could be better/bigger/fresher but that's a minor thing compared to the whole of the dish.I've had the New Orleans's seafood platter before and it's deep fried goodness to be sure.  No matter what you get, portion sizes are more than adequate.Overall this place is not New Orleans's good, if it were, it would be getting 5 stars but it's definitely good enough for me to make it a semi-regular stop when craving those flavors.
3	I was quite excited to finally come here after purchasing the Google Offer, and overall, I think I got my $15 dollar's worth. The appetizer (crawfish scampi) was tiny, but delicious. The fried shrimp was very nicely done -- not battered to death. Shrimp "Diane" looked yummy, with plenty of onion and mushrooms. My entree, Crawfish Etouffee, was really good (though I should have tried it with some of the spices on the table), but later on, didn't quite agree with my stomach. I don't typically eat shellfish, so that is most likely the reason. I would have tried one of the fish entrees, but they're pricey. Our server Bob was okay, but kind of standoffish sometimes.The most disappointing part was that NONE of the seafood is domestic. Bob was amused that I asked, but considering seafood is their speciality, you would think they'd take sustainability and safety seriously. http://www.montereybayaquarium.org//cr/SeafoodWatch/web/sfw_factsheet.aspx?gid=18
1	I have been to this place plenty of times. I have always had good meals and service. But tonight was bad. I went ther with my wife's work friends. We sat at the bar tables and had a bartender named Bo(very red hair)   We had About 8 people and he insisted that if we sit at the tables we have to order food, which we had planned to do. He seemed annoyed with us because we just ordered fried oysters and lots of drinks(it was Friday and happy hour, so we were sitting around chatting and drinking)  we were actually going to order an entre and stay for dinner but Bo seemed very disinterested in us, until it came time to pay the bill, then he was really nice(tip time! Overall the food is good there, but Bo did not make it a pleasant experience. Smile Bo, it will get you far in life!
5	What a pleasant surprise!! The fried oysters are the best ever and so is the Diane! I had it with the crawfish and shrimp. Even the garden salad was good to be pretty simple! Definitely a great value! My family and I will be returning:)
5	Lovely atmosphere, staff and food. Beau, our waiter, was extremely knowledgable about the menu and the wine. I suggest what Beau suggested...the pork medallions with pineapple pico and plantains. Amazing!  We sat on the upstairs patio and had a perfect evening.  Can't wait to eat there when we visit Charlotte again!!
4	When you're running out of date night locations and your significant other is getting tired of Domino's cheap weekday carryout deals, it's time to treat her to a fancy restaurant. Preferably one that constantly offers $20 for $40 online coupon deals like Cajun Queen does.The location is very nice - it looks like a converted home with outdoor patio seating and an enclosed back porch for when the weather is nice. There's live music most nights and a bar upstairs if you just want to sit and enjoy a cocktail or two while you wait for a table.The food was excellent - we got the Cajun BBQ shrimp as an appetizer and couldn't stop raving about it. Save your dinner rolls to mop up the delicious juice! Ask for another basket when they drop the shrimp off! We ordered gumbo too just to splurge but it seemed bland in comparison to that excellent BBQ shrimp juice.I always feel bad waiting sitting through a waiter's shpeel about the daily specials and not ordering one so I ordered a steak special and my lady got chicken Diane. The steak was cooked medium rare as requested with craw fish etoufee and hearty mash potatoes riding shotgun. The chicken Diane's gravy was rich, flavorful and tasted fantastic. The portion sizes were enough to feel full and take enough home for meals the next day.The service was excellent as well - our server was very personable and friendly. He make jokes, answered our questions about the menu, and never kept us waiting long when we needed something. The entrees at Cajun Queen are around the $20 range which makes it really easy to blow your Groupon for a date night. In addition, there's a $5 charge for splitting an entree. I'll definitely be buying another coupon for Cajun Queen. The prices are a little beyond making it a regular spot (even with a coupon) but it's perfect for a memorable date night.
5	Awesome Bbq shrimp appetizer! Shrimp and grits with sausage was ol so good! Coming from new Orleans this restaurant was great with a flavor of a nice jazz performance from the 7th street gator band!
5	Cajun Queen is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Not only is their food super delicious, in a quaint neighborhood with lots of charm, but their prices are incredibly reasonable. It is located in a beautiful house and always filled with diners. Make a reservation Friday and Saturday evenings! I love their Diane and Etoufee. It is good with any of their meat choices, but I like it with all four. Their is chicken...two good sized pieces, shrimp, crawfish, and andouille sausage. For me, that is enough for at least two meals. The shrimp appetizer is really good too! The servers are really nice and charming, and your glass will never go empty. Cajun Queen is a winner!
3	After waiting and waiting this week me and my spouse finally went to cajun queen and in my opinion it was just ok. We had the barbque shrimp which was ok fresh shrimp in a spicy sauce. My boo did save his dinner rolls for the juice. He had the fried shrimp which was good i had a steak which was ok with potatoes that were ok and bland broccoli. I alsohad gumbo which was not very good. Overall it was ok but for 80 i have had better
4	A little overpriced but the food is really great! And the restaurant has a fun New Orleans feel to it. Great date place!
2	We took our daughter there for her birthday a while ago, per her request.  We had a good group with us, but unfortunately they sat us upstairs right next to the band, which made it very difficult for conversation among all of us.  We've eaten our way through New Orleans a couple of times, but this, to me, was not quite up to par.  Especially at $15-$20 a plate.  I've been here twice, and unfortunately, I don't think I'll be back.  Fun atmosphere, great service, and yes, it would be a good date night.  But not a good group night.
5	One of our favorite places to eat in charlotte.  They have the best food and services.
5	He said:  Got there around 6 with no wait. Seated immediately. No Coke Zero. Fried tomatoes great, hot - roumelade tasty. Water glass never empty. BBQ shrimp good but not crazy good  nice heat to them only 6 shrimp tho.  Crawfish scampi quite spicy lots of crawfish.  Superior service - waitress knowledgeable about food - able to make recommendations. Drinks flowed. Added a star at end of meal because of service.She said:  The restaurant is located in a neighborhood where many houses have been converted into businesses.  The statue of an alligator in front of the restaurant was sculpted from a tree.  I really wasn't sure what to expect, but boy, was I happy with what we walked into.  This restaurant was warm, inviting, and cozy.  The service was absolutely amazing.  Our glasses were always filled, as was our breadbasket.  In order to sample as much as possible, we decided to split four appetizers between us.  My favorite was the fried green tomatoes.  The remoulade sauce "made" this dish.  It was perfectly balanced and absolutely yummy!!!  If you haven't been a fan of Fried Green Tomatoes, you really should give these a try.  We also had the Cajun Fried Oysters, New Orleans B.B.Q. Shrimp, and Crawfish Scampi.  I've listed those in order of my favorites, though they were all good and I'd gladly have them all again.  This has been one of my favorite Yelp-finds, by far!!!
4	I really like Cajun Queen. I have been several times now, and the food has always been great. The decor is unique and interesting and really helps in conveying a whimsical mood. Portion sizes are generous and it is hard not to fill up on the main dishes. Dessert, especially the bread pudding is worth saving room for. The service has always been friendly, although it can be a little slow at time. This is not a place for a quick bite to eat and more of a restaurant for a leisurely 2-3 hour dinner. Noise levels can get a little high depending on where you are seated. Overall highly recommended.
4	I travel to Charlotte frequent for business and must say that all of my Business Associates and I truly enjoy the food at the Cajun Queen.  The craw-fish scampi and barbeque shrimp are excellent as starters.  The daily specials are usually phenominal.  I recently had the mahi special which I have ordered on multiple occasions.  The Duck special is also great...well prepared and very flavorful.   The environment is somewhat noisy at times and with the tight spacing can be a distraction.  I would highly recommend a visit if you are in town as I don't believe that you would be disappointed.  EnjoyMB
5	In no way do I feel like I'm a New Orleans style food expert, but I have been to a few restaurants in the past with similar style food, and I have to say, Cajun Queen is pretty much amazing!I bought a Groupon for this place on a whim- and it was about to expire so I rounded up a friend and headed over there to treat him for a night out.  I have a favorite meal from a restaurant at home that they call Louisiana Shrimp and Scallops- and it is JUST like the "Diane."  The sauce that it is in is DELICIOUS!  A little bit of kick, I asked for it extra spicy.  I had it with all three proteins- chicken, shrimp and crawfish.  It was excellent!!!  I can't wait to go back and get it again.My friend got blackened Cat fish.  It was good.....pretty similar to most blackened food....not exactly signature like I would compare my dish to!  His meal came with a salad or soup, mine did not.They started our meal with rolls and butter.....I wish I got to try the bread and oil dip that I saw a few other people wrote about!THe price point was close to $20 per person.  I do believe it's priced parallel to the meal, but I would save it for a slighty more special occasion.  I did not get to see a lot of the building- we were seated downstairs to the right in a section that was a bit less intimate and was kind of patio-like.  The other dining area downstairs did look a bit fancier and we never went upstairs, which sounded like it was the bar area.All in all, it was a great meal and great spot!
4	Went during the restaurant week and wasn't disappointed. I had the shrimp and grits with andouille sausage and a small bowl of gumbo.  The gumbo was a little hot (seasoning hot) but not too much.  The Shrimp & Grits were excellent as well.  The live jazz by the 3 senior citizens was excellent as well.  Overall everything was great and we'll go back again.
4	Had dinner here on the night of Feb 28th. The restaurant is in a converted old house. We tied a few of the appetizers. All very good. I had the Etouffee with all 3 options, Chicken, Shrimp and Crawfish. Very good. I am looking forward to the chance to go here again.
4	Had dinner here in the upstairs dining room near the live band.  The food was excellent and the portions were generous/filling.  The BBQ shrimp appetizer is tremendous.  An excellent way to start your meal.  The food is prepared well and in a timely manner.  I had blackened catfish with veggies (very well prepared and large portion) and thought it was phenomenal.  I thought the gumbo could be a bit better, but overall, the meal was really good.Service was solid as well.  Can be tough to converse if you dine in the room with the band...they are really good but, as expected, it is pretty loud.  Overall a very good place to have a meal.
4	It was one of those unanticipated nights, where a coming together of long unseen friends and everyday acquaintances coalesces into something magical. It was supposed to be a mens night for the men and a ladies night for the ladies, but before we could go our separate ways the men realized they loved the ladies and the ladies too loved their men and so all together we decided not to deny ourselves the company of the other sex. Unanimously, we wanted Cajun Queen.We were all already lit up from our daylight binging, so by the time we stumbled in we were ready for a good time. A milk-skinned hostess in a golf-green blazer and a white and peach paisley blouse batted at us with hazel eyes beneath a mop of perfectly tussled and pasted curls. "We have eight," I said. She glowered. Before she could reply, I little-white-lied her: "We called ahead... they told us to come right now."  Green blazer took off to see what she could manage; we loitered in the foyer, teetering drunk, glazed eyes reeling under the light of the antique chandelier. Green blazer came back and told us it'd be a bit of wait and recommended we hit the upstairs bar. We were already halfway up the steps. Cajun Queen is one of those big old Elizabeth houses, southern gothic, eclectically arranged and echoing blindly with voices from some other era. It's a chatterbox of ancient heritage and white-hot with flickering, inconsistent lights that make you want to trim your mustache pencil thin and drink only from a snifter. Aroma suffused our consciousness and we all just became mindless, visceral things.At the upstairs bar, this long swan of a bartendress was commanding the room, elegantly and fluidly fetching glasses from the overhead rack, snatching mixers from the under-counter cooler, upturning bottles and dispensing drafts, all motions in succession, all so swift and natural, like something perfectly choreographed and rehearsed. She doled out a trayful of Olde Meck Coppers and we set ourselves to achieving the night.We were led to a corner table near the glassed wall of the little balcony at the back. I took a chair at the end, sat, leaned back, and rapped my knuckles against the abrasive texture of the mud-red stucco. Our very knowledgeable, upright waiter prattled off a series of specials and toppings of the day with juicy detail, but I all heard was 'something unbelievably amazing' followed by 'something else equally amazing'. I requested a couple batches of fried oysters for the table, and then we went in rounds, ordering our blackened catfishes and our crawfish etouffees and our obscene platters of shrimp and fish and sausage and delight.Without needing to ask, our upright waiter returned with another round of beers and a handful of waters. "Good man," I said with an acknowledging nod. Huxley was sitting at the opposite end of the table. We had subconsciously retained the man-woman divide throughout the evening. I looked her way until she felt my gaze and when she glanced back I shot her a clever wink. She smiled. I swooned. Our food arrived and we all collectively lost our minds. Remoulade-dipped oysters, creamy clumps of spicy rice, mouth-searing fish and peppery shrimp, beer and wine, more wine, and life and love and faces flush and hearts racing. We ate ourselves full, but couldn't stop. Flavors were assaulting us in such unmitigable ways, we were powerless to refuse their beckoning call of mouth-flaming, heart-swelling, eye-watering release. Ryan, at one point, shoved his seat back, sat up straight with hands on thighs, neck rigid like a scout-dog, let out a billowing exhale, momentarily composed himself, then jumped back in for another oyster and few more forkfuls of rice. At the table behind us, a prim blond let out a squelch of a cry, half-stood, leaned forward, grabbed her man behind his fuzzy dark ears, and kissed him hard on the mouth. She held that embrace for some time, and all the lights and sounds in the room imploded in upon them. When her lips broke free from his, all the noise and clarity rushed back upon us in a crash. She sat down and knuckled a tear from her eye. I clapped my hands and beamed across the room. "This is the greatest night ever!" I shouted out to the dining area. Kathryn, a steadying force in our group, narrowed one eye and nodded at me placatively. "You really enjoy the hyperbole, don't you?""Get up for it, Kathryn!" I threw my hands wildly about in the air above me. "If it isn't the greatest night... then tell yourself it is, believe it, and make everyone else believe it too! Then it really will be!"The prim blond and her man giggled, and a few tables around us applauded. I ceremoniously forked the last fried oyster from our appetizer tray, held it high like a chalice, like a triumph, angled my neck, opened my jaw wide, and brought it down mightily into my mouth.Kathryn looked around, a touch embarrassed, and then began furiously laughing. "Oh, I believe it," she said. "I believe it."
4	Food was very good! Certainly not a creole expert, but felt very authentic.  Certainly beats any others Cajun places in Charlotte. Service was friendly, was in a cute little Elizabeth house. Only complaint was the seating was tight. Put four tables where three should have gone. Overall, I would go back and recommend it to a friend!
2	I do not understand the hype about this place. Everything is incredibly overpriced and the food is less than mediocre. I did enjoy the bbq shrimp app but the entrees were miserable. I got the shrimp Diane which I'm pretty sure was just shrimp, mushrooms, white rice and chicken broth. Thank God I only went bc I had a groupon.
4	Went there for the 1st time- heard its like new orleans food. Nice and spicy which im not a huge fan of spicy but i tried their chicken diane and ate the whole thing! Good portion for price!!!Sat in the sunroom with only a few tables filled was a great atmosphere with a few friends. they have their own parking lot so its easy access. Theyre always on groupon too!
4	Went here for our anniversary. The atmosphere was nice. I ordered the chef's special cajun pasta and was pleased by the large portion. Making a reservation as the place was really crowded on a Thursday evening. I recommend eating here to people who enjoy creole food.
4	Food was bangin. I got the sirloin special with mashed potatoes and etoufee with just the right amount of kick. We requested to sit upstairs thinking we would have a nice date with some soft jazz in the background. Oh man was I wrong. The music, in combination with a table of like 20 people, made it almost impossible to commuicate. We literally texted a couple times, it was bad. Overall it was nice and I would go back, perhaps on a weeknight, and will most definitely be sitting downstairs. Enjoy!
4	now, that's what i'm talkin' about! definitely one of the first meals i had after moving to the QC. a little on the expensive side, but worth it. it's in this cute house, with a small parking lot in the back. you can't miss it because there's a GIANT GATOR out front. i started off with the bbq shrimp app-- oh, man! soooo spicy my nose ran, i love it! i had the red beans and rice with andouille (both sides) as my entree (kind of like a create your own meal :) ) the shrimps were so spicy the red beans and rice cooled me down. can't wait to go back!
3	Nice, down home atmosphere. The service is excellent. The food is well prepared.  My only complaint is that while the food was prepared well, it was somewhat bland and forgetful.  Overall, it's a nice place but judging on food alone, it's ok.
3	Eh. I came in with high hopes for Cajun Queen after being somewhat disappointed with other cajun places in Charlotte. It was ok, but not something that I will go out of my way for again. I tried the shrimp and grits, as it is one of my favorite dishes. The grits were good. The shrimp started out good, but I grew tired of the seasoning by the end. The sausage was by far the best part.
5	This place was great! My bf and I went on a Monday night. There was live jazz that was very nice. We both got the ettouffe, mine was crawfish and his was chicken and shrimp. We both loved it and the drinks as well. What attracted us was a deal on groupon but we will definitely be returning! The only negative I would say was the close proximity of the seating in the upstairs room--we were literally right next to another couple and heard their entire (and very awkward) conversation.
5	This is a place that has earned my business for a long time to come after just one visit.  I will be back next time I pass through Charlotte.  Two friends had recommended this place for a business dinner and it did not disappoint.I brought a potential client here for a laid back, quiet dinner where we could talk and enjoy ourselves and it did not disappoint.  The staff was very patient while we waited for our guest to arrive.We started with the New Orleans bbq shrimp which were expertly prepared in a not too sweet but slightly spicy sauce.  My party devoured this dish and raved about it.  I then had a bowl of gumbo which came with my meal.  I ordered it sans rice and again, an award winning dish.  Spicy and loaded with seafood, veggies, and sausage.  I could have eaten an entire bowl of this for my meal alone!  Next was the blackened, 14 oz. NY strip steak.  Simply stated, this was HEAVEN!  By far the best NY strip I've had in years!  Perfectly seasoned, cooked, and very, very tender.  I'd eat this meal a million times over.Now to the staff.  Very attentive and paitent and they gave us plenty of time to talk and relax over coffee at the end of the night.  We talked so long they restaurant had closed and the staff had begun their cleanup duties yet never once asked for us to leave, not even subtle hints like raising the lights.  They let us just sit and talk and talk and talk.The dress in my opinion varies.  We were in jeans and button downs while some others had sport coats on.  A really good vibe and I'd feel just as comfortable dressed either way.  You will not be disappointed if you spend a nice evening here for your next meal!
5	The food and service was excellent. it was hard to believe I was in Charlotte and not New Orleans.
3	My boyfriend and I ate at Cajun Queen last Friday night . We had 7:30 dinner reservations. We pulled up and they had a valet service - nice touch! Parking can be very difficult over there. We were seated immediately at a very nice table next to a window. I ordered the Diane and my boyfriend got the Etouffe. Both were very good! My only complaint was, we felt incredibly rushed. We planned on having a nice, relaxing dinner. From the time we walked in the door to the moment our food came out, it was 14 minutes. A little too quick for me. I felt like our waiter kept trying to rush us out the door. We were finished with dinner (drinks, entree and dessert) in less than an hour. For the amount of money we spent, I am disappointed in their service, or at least the service of our particular waiter.
4	Good food usually very consistent....Great bbq shrimp. Seating can be tight.
5	My daughter and I had dinner at Cajun Queen tonight and ordered the sirloin special. It was not very good so the manager, Tim, came over and offered something else. We ordered the tilapia special and it was delicious. We also had the crawfish etoufee, gumbo and keylime pie. All were yummy.
5	Once upon a time in a city FAR FAR AWAY (from HOME = Chicago) a Beautiful young woman and her handsome husband were toying around on Groupon while house hunting  (The Queen City = Charlotte) and low and behold a deal for this place by the name of Cajun Queen.Considering that we met in New Orleans, LA and my great grandmother is from the French Quarters and cooked Cajun food regularly, we have a distinctive taste bud for AMAZING to Moderate Authentic Cajun Food.When you approach you would not expect the crowd that this place draws, I ALWAYS make a reservation on Open Table before going ALWAYS. It's a HUGE house that was transitioned into a restaurant and a HUGE house it is in order to fit that many people at tables inside for brunch, lunch and dinner. It's not that large but considering that it was a HOME it's HUGE.The day we decided on land to build our home on we decided to go celebrate and have dinner using our Groupon. THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST GROUPON DEALS WE EVER OBTAINED mainly due to the Southern feel, the TASTE, the SERVICE, etc...I am not a FIVE star type of woman by far, I have to be pretty impressed and Cajun Queen has been VERY consistent. We've been more than 20 times now and I am just writing my review because I had to wait to ensure that there was consistency with the service, taste and feel of this place.Cajun Queen is our GO-TO restaurant when we have family or friends visit. We like to take them somewhere that they can't go when they are back in their perspective cities that is also AMAZING and leave a memory in their mouth and mind. We've had everything from craw-fish appetizer, fried green tomatoes, Fried Oysters, etc.. to Entrees including the Blacken Salmon topped with craw-fish and artichoke & sun dried tomato, Shrimp & Craw-fish Diane, Chicken Diane, Gumbo, Seafood Etouffee', New Orleans Platter (Fried Everything) etc..All items mentioned are AWESOME, there are ALWAYS deals on Groupon however we go with or without a Groupon because it's WELL WORTH IT.. Be sure to make a reservation and if you don't be prepared to wait, however the bar area is small upstairs but a good time to say the least.Happy Eating
5	I love this place.  Went with my gf on a random Monday.  The food, service, and live music was all great.  Drinks were beyond strong.  The seating is a little close, but I still loved it.
4	So thankful we made reservations here, folks were waiting at least 35 plus on a Saturday. :) Hostesses were nice. We really appreciated the staff being trained properly. Our server was personable, knowledgeable of the menu&gave good recommendations. He also did not hover. Cool and he got an A from us. We really enjoyed our drinks (get Planters Punch), salads, Shrimp etoufee' and Chicken Diane. We were unimpressed with BBQ shrimp's flavor. The broth was wonderful for dipping the ( cold) bread, yet the shrimp had no flavor. Maybe they can marinate the shrimp with the broth instead of just dropping them in?Also, the bread pudding was just okay. We figured the bourbon&peaches would pack a punch. The seating is tight like others point out, but manageable. Prices match well with portion sizes aka we did not feel cheated. We will definitely  come back for food&drinks only. We will then pickup some Mama R's bread pudding for dessert.
5	We are so lucky to have this place in Charlotte!! It is by far one of my favorite restaurants in town (more of a special occasion place for us.) Listen up, they give you a basket of bread but DO NOT immediately dive into it!! Order the barbecue shrimp for an appetizer which has all of this delicious sauce that you must then DIP the bread into. Do it, you will thank me. Everything I've had is fabulous but we always end up going to the "Diane" style with chicken, shrimp and crawfish. The flavors cannot be beat. I have never been to New Orleans, but people I know who have been many times says this is even better than some restaurants in NO, for what it's worth.
1	This was our first visit to this restaurant. It boasts a Louisiana  style menu. However this dish ( cajun platter) lacked any type of cajun spices. You can't serve red beans and rice with no gravy  and consider that to be a  Louisiana style dish. My husband ordered the New York strip and had to put salt on it because there was no flavor. I certainly have had better and I would not visit again. Overrated!
4	I haven't really had "cajun" food before, so when I saw an online deal for it I definitely wanted to check it out. We rarely venture outside Lake Norman and into Charlotte, but the thought of some spicy grub was enough to entice me. Man, I'm glad we went!When we first arrived at 6pm the place was hopping. I highly recommend making reservations. As for parking, they have a complimentary valet service right next to the restaurant, so I recommend using them rather than driving around looking for street parking. The restaurant itself is a converted home, and has a great, quaint feel to it. However, the small rooms lead to tight quarters, and the neighboring tables will be in pretty close proximity to you. We ate upstairs, and if the close tables didn't make the room loud enough, the live band playing behind us aided in turning tableside conversation into a shouting match. Now this would really get on my nerves at other restaurants, but here it worked. I didn't mind the music, and had no problem forgoing conversation for a bit while enjoying the ambiance of the little room and smooth music. Also, they only played about four songs or so, and took a five minute break in between each, so it wasn't a constant barrage of noise.Our server was quick and efficient, and our food was brought out in a timely manner despite the bustling customer count. For once I did have a cocktail rather than beer or wine, mainly because the mixed drinks were about the same price as a glass of wine. I ordered the Lynchwood Lemonade ($8) which consisted of Jack Daniels, Triple Sec and lemonade. It was a nice, strong drink and went great with the meal and music. The missus ordered a melon martini that she enjoyed quite a bit. It wasn't too sweet and still had a good kick to it.After placing our orders some complimentary bread was brought over, which consisted of three rolls. These things might have well been hockey pucks based on how flavorless and hard they were. I think they might have fallen off the "bread pudding" rack and into the "fresh daily rolls" basket because there was no way these things should have been served as they were.For dinner I ordered the steak special of the day ($24). It came with salad or gumbo, and I went with the salad. Big mistake, because all I got was a bowl with chunks of romaine, a slice of cucumber and some shredded carrot. The vinaigrette that came with it was extremely potent and way too strong. After picking at this salad the main course showed up, which was a 10oz sirloin, crawfish etouffee, mashed potatoes and broccoli. The steak was cooked to order, and despite it being a large (as in tall) cut of meat it was still tender. The blackened seasoning rub added a good deal of spice and flavor to the beef, and I was quite a fan. I was equally happy with the crawfish etouffee, especially since I've never had crawfish before. The etouffee consisted of peeled, small crawfish pieces (smaller than popcorn shrimp) tossed with veggies in a dark, spicy sauce. I really liked the crawfish, which tasted more like lobster than shrimp, and the spice level was perfect...not too much where I couldn't eat it but enough that I felt it after each bite. The mashed potatoes were decent, but nothing out of this world. The broccoli was done kind of poorly, as it was just some huge hunks of slightly steamed broccoli. While the sides and salad were nothing spectacular, the entree was one heck of a spicy, tastetacular bite.The missus' went with the  Crawfish Diane ($18.95) and enjoyed it as well. The Diane was done in a lighter sauce that was not as spicy as the etouffee, so if you want something that's a little milder this would be the dish. This was her first bite of crawfish too and really enjoyed it. The Diane had a little more substance in that it added rice to the protein and veggie mixture, and there was so much that she had leftovers for lunch the following day. While it was tasty, I thought it was just a bit bland compared to the etouffee.We ended up splurging for dessert when we saw they offered bread pudding, which has become something we can't pass up when dining out. Cajun Queen makes one heck of a Bourbon Bread Pudding (5), and if you are a fan of bread pudding you shouldn't pass this up. The dessert came in a decent-sized ramekin and was filled with this warm treat. The bread pudding had chunks of peach and raisen going through it, and they became hot and gooey from the heat of the bread pudding. It had great taste and texture, with a nice crust on top. There was also a pile of whipped cream and caramel drizzled across the crust, making the dessert a visual and edible offering. Cajun Queen dishes out some great grub. While some things can be improved upon (sides and rolls), the stuff that counts is pretty banging. Our entrees were delicious and the cocktails were done well. This is one of those places that we will definitely be bringing friends and family to when they visit from out of town.
3	The Cajun Queen is a really nice neighborhood restaurant for me. The service is consistently good especially in the bar. I love the atmosphere and the live Dixieland jazz is a wonderful plus.What troubles me now and has troubled me from the first time I started going to the CQ : it seems like the kitchen believes everything must be really hot (spicy) since it's a Cajun restaurant. But some things just shouldn't be hot. Tonight I ordered the crawfish scampi appetizer. Scampi is generally shellfish flavored with garlic and herbs. Red pepper flakes are sometimes added but not as a predominant flavor. The CQ  added so much chili that it overpowered the crawfish. There is not a lot of difference between the scampi and etouffee which is supposed to be hot. If they would just not be so heavy-handed with the Cajun spices.....
3	Stopped by Cajun Queen for a friends birthday, and the atmosphere was nice. We sat on the patio and enjoyed some wine and good conversation. I know my fellow diners had fantastic meals, however my 3 star rating is for their lack of vegetarian dishes. There wasn't anything on the menu (aside from ordering a plate full of sides and that get really old) so the waiter suggested the one item they had available for veggie friendly patrons. It was sufficient but not something I would normally order. Either way, I would certainly go back if there were a few more entree options for peeps like me.
4	The wife has wanted to try this place for some time now, so when a living social came out, I figured that I would buy one.  Cajun Queen, like many restaurants, has fallen into the category of "why did it take me so long to try".Our meal was a solid 4 star experience, and it started with great service. Both my bowl of seafood gumbo and crawfish etoufee were full of cajun flavor and spicy, just like I was looking for. The wife got some shrimp as an app and they came with another great spicy sauce.  For her main, it was her standard blackened catfish, which she thoroughly enjoyed, but took half of it home due to the hugeness of the portion. Not being a fan of catfish, I didn't taste it, but rather focused on finishing every last bit of my etoufee.Cajun Queen is definitely a little taste of New Orleans in Charlotte, and we shall return again soon.
2	Service is good. Gumbo was a bit watery and a pinch of salt wouldn't have hurt. Gumbo was fresh. The same tomatoe soupy water they use in the gumbo they also add to my shrimp and grits. Shrimp and andoui sausage  was good but grits its self were under seasoned i.e pinch of salt.
3	Popped in here for a dinner date with the girlfriend a few days ago.  I was tasked with picking a place we haven't tried and this place came to mind.  In addition to that I actually had a coupon which actually sweetened the deal even more.We got there and headed upstairs to the bar to give our appetites a chance to ramp up.  The bar is small but doable and the furnishings are a little dated looking.  Not sure if that's the look they are going for but it is what it is.  Not horrible, just not as fancy as one might expect.We then were seated outside and I actually preferred the outdoor seating.  It's on a low roof area so it's kind of nice with the view.  The food came out and it was fine, nothing I would shout about but also not terrible. I think the issue is I just don't think the dollars to dishes ratio is in tact here.  Things just seemed a bit too pricey for what you got.  I'd come back but not without that coupon.
4	A great place got a date, but the food is a bit pricy.I would go again if I have another groupon deal.
4	Oh yeah.  I was there in the late 90s and loved it. My first trip back to Charlotte in 15 years and this place was my first stop. Excellent meal, especially the crawfish appetizer.  No way I wait that along again before getting back out there!
4	Great Cajun food In Charlotte.Live Jazz Band upstairs was good, but loud if your are sitting up stairs.  The Creole spicy  was a nice tomato base, not to spicy.  Then I had the and Etouffee spice with all 3 meats (shrimp , crawfish, and chicken).   This had some nice heat and flavor.   I was really happy with my choice.You are looking at about $20 per plate, but the quality is really good. I would visit again, I just hope they fix the alligator in the food of the building which seems to have fallen over.
2	My first time eating here will more than likely be my last. Im big on customer service and i did not like the fact that when i got up to go use the rest room i returned just to have the rest of my food thrown away and after i asked the manager if i could get 5 shrimp like i had he said sorry my food got thrown away but it would be $2 per shrimp if i wanted more. I had just spent $30 there and that was totally wrong, that really put a sour taste in my mouth and i will not be a returning customer!
4	I purchased a Groupon to use here.I can't say I'm a good judge of Cajun food, or very adventurous to try many of the spices & flavors of the true Cajun food.  I ordered the Creole Chicken which was not too spicy, lots of chicken and lots of rice.  It was definitely a two meal meal.  They have free valet parking because sometimes it can be hard to find in the area.  There is also a live jazz band upstairs that can be loud - but also very good and entertaining.The alligator statue out front is broken, I hope they fix it soon!
3	We were in town for my job this past weekend and decided we were in the mood for Cajun food.  This place is in a super cute purple house in a neighborhood.  The place was packed and I was so glad I had a reservation!  We got there around 7:15 and people kept coming after us.TIP: there is complementary valet parking so bring some cash so you can tip these guys on the way out.I started with a Bell's Two Hearted from a nice little beer menu.  At only $4 a bottle this is a great value.  Then we split an appetizer of fried green tomatoes.  I was so glad we decide to split since it was 5 very thick slices of tomato breaded and fried.  The presentation could've been a bit better - they were placed on a bed of greens, but the sauce was just dumped over two of the slices and you had to figure out how to get it onto the other three.  It was just OK.  I've had better at The Roosevelt in RVA.My entree was stellar.  I had the crawfish etouffee which was nicely spicy and had a HUGE AMOUNT of crawfish.  I am often disappointed with the level of heat and this was just the way I like it.
4	I had dinner here last night for the first time.  I ordered the Bayou Platter it was amazing.  I will definitely go back for the good and the jazz.
4	I love Cajun Queen!! I have been here several times and I will continue to go for the ambience, great cocktails, and fantastic food!!!The fried green tomatoes are prob the best I have ever had.  The 7th street stumbler is an awesome cocktail!! Not to sweet, but still slightly fruity. I could have easily drank a few of these but I stuck to one. Ordered the Catfish, if you like spicy you would enjoy this...it's awesome.The reason I give this place a 4 and not a 5 is because of the service we experienced last time we were there. Our waiter was AWFUL, extremely rude -- prob the worst service I have got in a restaurant in years.  He rarely came by to ask if we needed anything, didnt clear our appetizer plates and we were sitting at a small two top. When we were finished, we waiting around for 25 minutes for him to show up. When he did finally show up he threw our check back at us without saying a word.The ONLY reason I left a tip was bc I use to be a server and even tho he was horrendous, I still can't bring myself to leave a person no tip.Anyways, the bad service I experienced the one time I went here will not keep me from going here.  Love Cajun Queen!
5	Mmmm-mmm! I definitely picked the right place for my birthday dinner. We showed up slightly early and got to mingle in the bar for a few minutes- what a fun bar! I'm going to have to go back just for that alone. Then we were seated in the downstairs porch/sun room, or as my grandmother would say, "on the veranda."We had some trouble communicating with our server- one guest was late, and I think he was waiting on her to get there before we ordered drinks, but I can't hold that against him as he was just triple-sat. Next time I'll be clearer- alcohol now!They have a great drink selection, including creatively-named specialty cocktails. I was tempted to order the "Seventh Street Stumbler" and see if it held up to it's name, but in the end, a glass (um, or three) of white wine went well with my dinner.The food was out of this world! We had the fried green tomato appetizer and devoured it. For entrees, I had the blackened salmon special with crawfish and artichokes, and my friends had the catfish, the chicken Diane, and the shrimp and grits, and we were all so busy making yummy noises no one could talk. I think we planned to try each others but they all disappeared so quickly we never got around to it. We were too stuffed for dessert but that bourbon bread pudding is calling my name for next time. And there will be a next time.
2	My fiance and I went to Cajun Queen one night as a date night.  I was not impressed by the food nor the ambiance.  We booked a late night dinner due to his schedule  and when we arrived, the jazz band was already on break.  We were seated but our waitress appeared to not to want to be there.  I ordered the New Orleans ice tea and my fiance ordered sweet tea, it took a while before the drinks were delivered and let me tell you - It wasn't nothing to brag about.  The food was spicy not flavorful, just spicy.  Even the couple beside us was a little perplexed about it just being spicy (a little eavesdropping).  Needless, to say not a great experience.  So fortunate that I was able to get a group-on discount and not pay for a $70 experience that I didn't enjoy.  I wouldn't return or recommend this place.
5	Loved it.  Loved, loved, loved it.  The shrimp and grits were awesome.  The gumbo was awesome.  The service was great.  The wine list was impressive.  I was totally won over, and want to go again.  Now.  Today.  Sigh.  Too bad I'm half a country away.
5	My wife and I love the bar upstairs. The BBQ shrimp app is amazing. Save the sauce from it to and dip your bread in it. Bartenders are great and mingle well socially with customers. Makes it feel like home.
5	I mainly visit the bar at CQ and I can only come up with positive comments. Bo, the bartender, is great. He remembers my name and drink choices. That is very wonderful. I highly recommend either dining upstairs or taking out. Very fine.
4	Service: Our server was nice enough - nothing amazing, but was attentive and we never found ourselves lacking for anything.Atmosphere: While I felt it's a little run-down on the inside, it didn't bother me on a cold, winter day because it was warm and inviting. There is a fireplace in the front room that I wish we could have been seated near. Instead, we were seated in a back room that felt like an enclosed patio that had parking lot lights streaming in. Oh well. Live music upstairs would have been too loud for our group to sit near it and talk. Valet parkers were friendly and quick.Beverages: Thumbs-up for some fun beverages. I had the good ol' Hurricane (didn't seem too strong to me) and a fellow diner had the "Seventh Street Stumbler." Both of us enjoyed our drinks. While I don't usually order those types of beverages, it seemed appropriate at a cajun restaurant and I was pleased.Food: I don't know about everyone else, but I was blown away by my Shrimp Julienne (?) - it was light, but plenty of food and DELICIOUS. I would highly recommend to others and would order it again myself. The bread is a waste of carbohydrates, so ask them to skip that. The fried pickles were pretty delicious and I don't usually like fried pickles.Overall: I would return here on a date or with friends who were ready to have some drinks.
3	This is a cool place in a historic home in Elizabeth.  We loved the appetizers and atmosphere (five stars for those), but found the entrees pulled down our overall rating.  The spicy shrimp app and fried oysters app were awesome!!  The shrimp app was super spicy and full-of-flavor...save some bread to sop up the sauce!!  The oyster app was perfectly fried and came with a delicious dipping sauce.  We ordered the fried oyster entree (which was overcooked) and chicken, shrimp, and crawfish etoufee (which lacked salt and spices).  For dessert we enjoyed a slice of key lime pie (not as tart as we like but also not too sweet).  You can enjoy live music upstairs in the bar area or sit downstairs for a quieter meal.  This place is definitely worth a visit, especially if you're looking to share some yummy appetizers!
5	OMG -  love love love this place!  Been to CQ a minimum of 15x.  Never had a bad experience.  Staff, music, and food is great!  The blackened catfish in ridiculously good!!And the fried green tomatoes are a great starter!
4	I came to Cajun Queen on a whim Friday evening to try their restaurant week servings. Of course we didn't have reservations, but luckily were able to sit right away after grabbing two stools in their bar area upstairs. It turned out to be a great little spot overlooking the valet area so there were plenty of people watching opportunities :)I got the 4 course pre fixe - glass of chardonnay, cup of gumbo, crawfish etouffee, and bread pudding - for $30. For the quantity and quality of food, I was impressed. The only thing I didn't like of my meal was the chardonnay - but I almost consider that a freebie since most restaurant week menus don't include alcohol. I really liked that both the gumbo and etouffee were spicy and flavorful, but not drowning in salt. I love cajun food, and really appreciated that Cajun Queen could satisfy the Bayou flavor and seasonings without being overly buttery or overly salty (think Zatarain's).While we were there, a live jazz band was playing downstairs. Great spot for date night.
5	Excellent crawfish ettouffe and service. An added plus was the jazz trio upstairs. We had the fixed price dinner for Restaurant Week. Perfect dinner.
2	They Lack favor in their food. I ordered the gumbo it lacked favor and good ingredients. it was not good. The popcorn crawfish were so delicious but covered in a mayo based sauce that should be served on the side. I didn't like seeing the stations for busing dishes right as you got to the top of stairs. It has potential but think the chef needs to take a hard look at his food. I want to love this place but the food is not executed well at this time.
5	Very nice place!  Recommended as a good date night place by a coworker. Our bill plus 3 drinks was about $87 including tip. They accept reservations and offer valet parking. The wait staff was very friendly.  Our waiter suggested a few nice bars in the area - which we appreciated because we are not familiar with the Charlotte area. We enjoyed the food and the ambiance.  My wife ordered the blackened chicken and she thought it was great...great flavor and juicy.  The portions were perfect.  We also enjoyed their pecan pie and key lime pie...both quite tasty. The meal was excellent the server was excellent also!  We will definitely visit again...
4	The most expertly fried seafood that I can remember, and the absolute best fried oysters that I've ever had. If they only did Cajun as good a they do seafood, I would have given them five stars.
4	I would absolutely recommend anyone wanting to visit to make prior reservations. It's an intimate environment set up in a converted home.  We ordered appetizers consisting of cajun popcorn((crawfish tails), fried green tomatoes, and Nawlins BBQ shrimp. They all were delicious! The BBQ shrimp was the all time best!  The sauce that they are made in is great for dipping the complimentary rolls into.  It's spicy but not too hot even though we typically enjoy hot and spicy food.  Entrees... Fried Catfish and red beans and rice were the only downfalls. The red beans and rice lacked seasoning. The catfish was not cooked crispy. It was extremely wet and flimsy. I returned it and it came out hot and crispy! Crawfish, shrimp, chicken Diane was amazing and Extremely flavorful!  All in all I will be visiting this restaurant again when in Charlotte.
5	Interesting concept, having a restaurant in a kind of living family house, but that is common for the upscale Elisabeth area in Charlotte. Very good food, not quite Southern as in Louisiana but very close. Very friendly staff and quick service. Had to visist my hometown to go there, shame on me since I lived 5 years in Charlotte and never went eating there. We had a great time and can recommend it to everyone!
5	If your looking for crawfish and New Orleans style food this is the place! Simply amazing and the live jazz they play during dinner can't be beat. I will definitely be coming here again.
5	Wow.. this place is incredible. Everything from the atmosphere, the service and the food. I've eaten at some real authentic places in New Orleans and Cajun Queen is right up there with some of them. This is the best Cajun restaurant in Charlotte. We ordered the BBQ shrimp, fried seafood platter and the etouffee. Highly recommend all three. We'll certainly be back
5	Excellent food and service - highly recommend
5	Very quaint location and decor! Just me on a Monday night. Sat upstairs at the bar and had a very nice experience with live music and a very friendly bartender.
4	Very good food, great service, nice atmosphere. Free valet is a big plus in that neighborhood too.  I like the food at Boudreaux's a litlte better because I love their jambalaya, but Cajun Queen is very good too and a little nicer inside. A little more pricey too but on par for that part of town.
1	Visiting Charlotte from Los Angeles while husband is in town for business. The good: The upstairs dining room has a live band and lively atmosphere. People are talking loud and enjoying themselves. Have a drink before your dinner comes for an even better time. We each had a glass of wine. The sauce from the barbeque shrimp was the best part of our meal. Not the shrimp, the sauce with bread dipped in.The bad: Food is mediocre. We had the Cajun popcorn, which is fried crawfish that comes out partially covered in a remoulade sauce. Good, but on the salty side. Tell them to put the sauce on the side when you order so you can dip instead. The sauce took away from the dish and the ones that were smothered in the sauce remained on the place, uneaten. We each had a cup of seafood gumbo, There is no meat other than seafood in the gumbo (yay!) but it was bland and the rice seemed undercooked and flavorless. We ordered a large order of the barbeque shrimp and I got a side order of grits. The sauce in the barbeque shrimp was spicy and delicious; dip the bread from your bread basket in this tasty broth. The shrimp were on the small and limp side; not memorable at all as far as texture. The final insult: the grits. Grits are a favorite food of mine. I'm a southern girl and make real deal, bomb-azz grits at home. The grits at Cajun Queen were those instant, "add boiling water to reconstitute," grits. Culinary blasphemy.I will not return. If you want real grits, go to Mert's Heart and Soul.
4	I always enjoy eating here.  The second floor has a live band that can be overwhelming if you are trying to talk, but great if you don't want to talk!  The first floor is giant and extends into a back area that is secluded and semi-private.  The waitstaff are generally good, but there seems to be an issue with the male waitstaff not being interactive with the table and not removing used plates and dishes as the evening progresses.  The girls at the door are very friendly and prompt in finding a table for your dining needs. I would recommend using Open Table to book a reservation at Cajun Queen.  The best way to attain a reso in Charlotte!!
4	In Charlotte for a quick business trip, I found this gem on Yelp. My waitress Hanna seemed genuinely excited that this was my first time there and recommended several dishes, all of which didn't disappoint. Started with the BBQ shrimp, spicy yet tasty; sop the sauce with the bread. Next up, blackened pork tenderloin with fried plantains. 3 good sized medallions with an interesting bean chorizo sauce. The plaintains were battered with cornmeal and were very good. I also asked for a single filet of the salt and pepper catfish, which was very good also. Ended the meal with key lime pie. Overall the dining experience went well. I would come back next time in town to try other menu items.
4	Good New Orleans food but a little bit over priced.  I would definitely try it once. Make reservations and ask for upstairs seating near the live music...which they have playing each day of the week. The drinks were excellent and the fried fish made the trip worth it.
5	Great atmosphere!  Located inside a Victorian house with outside upped deck.  Live music and tasty food!!
4	I hadn't been here for dinner in years. Brunch in a few years as well. I don't know why I haven't been here more recently. Great service and the food was fantastic. I had the shrimp/chicken Diane with a salad. I think what would have made the dish even better was a little char on the chicken/shrimp. We sat on the outside patio and it was a perfect night for this weather wise. The servers were attentive and did a great job with the flow of our dinner.
5	This is "our spot". Our go to date night place. We've been coming here since we were in high school, class of '99, so...that's quite some time. Gosh, now I feel old. There are several reasons why this continues to be a favorite of ours. First, the neighborhood is utterly charming. An old home converted into a restaurant is adds a bazillion points to character of the restaurant. It's not brand spanking new. Nothing's been razed to the ground and rebuilt in that new minimalist style. I'm a big fan of repurposing without losing the original charm. I love love love that this place is still in a house. Take a chance to walk around the neighborhood if you like old historic homes. Some of the architecture will bring a tear to your eye. Second, live jazz band. Do I need to say more? There's something about a live band at a restaurant. It provides an old world elegance. I feel like I've taken a step back in time. Like I'm Dolly in the classic movie "Hello, Dolly" and Louis Armstrong is about to serenade me while walking to my table. Third, the upstairs bar and patio. One of my favorite things to do is get there 15 or 20 minutes earlier then our reservation and hang out at one of the tables in the bar. We order a plate of fried oysters with remoulade sauce, a couple drinks and just enjoy the atmosphere till our table is ready. We've had some of the best conversations just leaning against the counter sipping on sweet tea and munching on oysters. Fourth, is the bread. Once you make it to a table (be sure to make a reservation or you will wait forever especially peak times on the weekend) you will be blessed with a basket of hot rolls. These rolls are the perfect combination of crisp and chewy. I believe they come from Nova's bakery, or at least that is what I've been told by the waitstaff. It's rare to get bread service at a non Italian restaurant or chain steakhouse. Again, it's a throwback to old classics and deserves a hand clap! The only bummer is the butter. It comes ice cold which makes it difficult to spread. Fifth, is the food. I could say that food should be in the number one spot, but all these things listed prior are working together in its favor and is why this place is our favorite. The food here is a delight. I love heat and all things spicy. However, when they use spice, it doesn't over power the flavor. It isn't just spicy. It's packed full of flavor with a bit of heat that catches you at the end. One of my favorites is the chicken Diane. Sometimes I switch it up and get shrimp Diane or all 3 Diane (which is chicken, shrimp and crawfish). The Diane is rich and flavorful with mushrooms floating in buttery goodness. It is all things pleasurable. It is a mouthful of happiness and rainbows. Seriously, it's really good. If you are not a fan of garlic and mushrooms, then do not order this. Also, plan on smelling like garlic for a day or two after eating this. No vampire will want to come near you and your lover may avoid your kisses if you don't pop a mint. Trust me. Dragon breath is imminent. The blackened chicken is well seasoned and not dried out. It is hard to blacken chicken breast meat and still have it juicy but they nail it every time. The blackened catfish is a favorite and is a huge portion. In fact, almost all the dishes here are giant and unless you are The Rock (can you smell what The Rock is cookin'?), you might be taking home a box or two of leftovers.Definitely try the fried oysters with remoulade. They are lightly breaded and fried. Every time we visit we just have to order them. They are tender and sweet. Perfect start to the meal. I've had the gumbo a couple of times as a starter. I love gumbo and the one here is good. It's not the best gumbo I've ever had but it's not the worst. I like okra and andouille sausage in addition to the shrimp and I don't think I've ever had a bowl with any of those in it. However, the rice is perfectly cooked every time. So, the gumbo might be a gamble. They do have a decent Ceasar salad for a starter. Nothing fancy. Just a good salad. I'm usually too full for dessert, but we have had the bread pudding and the key lime pie. Both are a great way to end the meal but I'd rather have the plate of oysters. For all the reasons stated above, this place holds the number one spot in our date nights. Cajun Queen Forever!! P.s. - I miss seeing queen gator. :*(
4	My girlfriend and I tried this out on a whim based on reviews from Yelp and it was very tasty! I feel like the quality of food and the presentation, don't quite match the prices that they are charging, but they had a great crowd and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves! I would definitely go there again.
4	Cajun Queen is pretty much always good. What's not to like about Cajun food? All of the classics are here. The restaurant is located right in the Elizabeth area in a converted house. There are lots of fun legends about the house being haunted. I know they also do live jazz, though I'm unsure of what night. Regardless, you may want to make a reservation before visiting. It's always busy.Last night, we ordered fried green tomatoes, fried oysters, Cajun pasta, and the steak special. (It was a make-up Father's Day dinner.) All were fabulous. The oysters and the pasta were my favorites and the tomatoes were my least - though, still decent. My only gripe is that it is a little over priced. The portions are large and the quality is good so it's probably justified. Parking blows.
4	If your in Charlotte definitely make your way to Cajun Queen, highly recommend making a reservation you will be seated quickly and highly recommend using there complimentary valet parking you just have to tip the guys, great New Orleans Cajun/creole style food in Charlotte, their Sunday brunch is awesome as well!!!!
4	I absolutely love the food here. With the perfect mix of fresh, delicious cajun food and eclectic decor in an old, historic house turned restaurant, you really can't go wrong. The parking can be a pain on weekend evenings and the quarters can be quite tight, for these reasons I typically visit Cajun Queen on weekday nights. The fried oysters are my favorite - and I typically don't do fried!
4	What a great place. Great building, live music, and service. Had the fried green tomatoes (yum) followed by the Chicken tortellini and the sirloin.  Will be back again
5	We really enjoyed this restaurant.  The creole was excellent, the Cajun shrimp and gumbo had a spicy kick to it but not overpowering.  We enjoyed the bread pudding for desert.
4	I'm a huge fan of the food here! It's by far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. However, I will say that the gumbo shouldn't be called gumbo.  It's a tomato based semi broth with rice and shrimp. Very bland. Not a traditional gumbo by any means. Also, I can't remember the last time I've had good service in this place. From what I understand most of those employees have been there for a long time. It's like they have no respect that we are there dining and they forget that we're the ones who tip.  Lastly, that music upstairs! I can't stand it. It's so loud. I took some family there that were visiting from out of town and we were sat upstairs in that room with the band and we couldn't have a conversation the whole time. It's ridiculous. I recommend making reservations and firmly request to be seated down stairs.  With that being said I can never choose my dinner in this place. Everything (Except for the gumbo) is amazing! The mahi mahi is exceptional. Definitely worth the bad service :)
5	Everyone in our party of 3 thoroughly enjoyed their meal. Sat on their outdoor patio which was very pleasant should the weather permit. Would definitely return.
1	So incredibly let down by this dining experience. Our waiter was simultaneously overbearing and absent-minded. Half of our table got their meals 10-15 mins before the other half and the waiter forgot to bring two of us our desserts. Meanwhile, the food was terrible. The fried green tomatoes lacked any kind of seasoning and the crawfish etouffee was bland and not at all spicy. The tollhouse cookie pie was also a travesty. How does one mess up a cookie pie?! At least the key lime pie was good, but not worth the $250 dollar bill :(
5	First Saturday night of restaurant week was a zoo, but our server Alex did a great job and was even accommodating to our most demanding guest and made her smile and happy. Restaurant week menu items were of a good cross section of picks as we tried most of them and we're quite pleased.
4	We had to visit Charlotte's best cajun joint before we headed home to NYC. 4 stars for the haunted black magic atmosphere of the restaurant. Even in broad daylight, the dining hall had a dark shrouded vibe going on. The beignets let me down a little bit but the shrimp & grits more than made up for it. The fried popcorn shrimp was also very well done but the highlight for me was the shrimp & grits.
5	This place is great. It looks small on the outside but it's gigantic on the inside. Very quaint and reminiscent of an abode in the French quarter. I had the popcorn crawfish and the red beans and rice here. Both dishes were awesome. The pop corn crawfish was meaty and had a slight hint of spice to it not salty or anything. Let's not talk about the sweet tea. That was just marvelous. Not too sweet. It was just right.
4	Cajun Queen serves up consistent cajun food in a fun environment.  It's not exactly what you would find dining out in NOLA, and it's a bit pricey for what you get, but if you have a craving, it will fix that.The one thing that makes Cajun Queen stand out is the rooftop dining.  It's a great place on a nice night.  There is also live jazz in the upstairs dining section.  Word of warning - if you order a cocktail, you only need one.  ;)
5	Wonderful Cajun cuisine, great live jazz music, and fantastic wine selections. Such a treat for date night!
3	I went to cajun queen with some friends from work a while back. I had the Diane, which people seem to be raving about on yelp. It was okay. I found the favors to be very mild and uninteresting; there was no spicier or complexity to the meal. The live music was nice but makes me wonder if this place would be appropriate for a quiet, romantic dinner. I will probably give cajun queen another try just in case it was an off night.
4	We didn't try the food because we just wanted some wine, but it all smelled amazing and when we arrived at 4:30 we were asked if we had a reservation so I'm thinking they're usually pretty booked up! Service was good in the bar...definitely enjoyed our wine and the atmosphere. Great way to get that Southern feel! At 6pm their live jazz started up. I was hoping for some more lively music, but it was more easy listening which was understandable given the size of the restaurant and the close proximity of the band to diners.
5	This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I've tried almost everything and have never once been disappointed. Great staff and even better environment. Nothing beats Cajun Queen!!
3	Let me start off by saying, I REALLY wanted to like this place. I have heard countless rave reviews. Of course, I wasn't expecting it to compare to my food experiences in Louisiana but I was expecting something. My mother and I ventured here on Saturday for dinner and we were both really disappointed. Fried green tomatoes- 2/5 The breading was really bland and they were topped with a gallon of sauce. They were very unappetizing. I prefer the ones I make at home.Fried oysters app- really good and the only thing I enjoyed. I would highly recommend. Salads- Truly out of the bag salad mix. They could have added some tomato or something to liven it up. The blue cheese dressing was good though.Crawfish etoufee- It was very average with way too much rice.Service, however, was phenomenal. We simply didn't enjoy most of our food. I really wouldn't even go back to try it again.
2	So about 10 years ago I was taken to Cajun Queen by some friends when I moved here to Charlotte from Chicago. Remembering that I was not crazy about it, I still was open to going again to re try it. I searched through all the Yelp reviews to see what to order and what was the best. First...this old House or Restaurant should be updated..obviously with the amount of people in it  at the time I left...they have the money. Stair case is wiggley..and it is just plain old..Not quaint and old ..just old.We were a big party and we had a good server named IVY, but the food left lots to be desired. We were kindly treated by our hosts to almost ever single one of the appetizers to begin with. This started with Fried Oysters that were for sure fried a couple of days ago and then reheated in a microwave! ..Fried Green tomatoes were straight out of frozen bag and not fried..just barely baked..still cold in the middle..very bland. The New Orleans style Barbequed Shrimp....tiny little salad size and in the same sauce that everything including the gumbo had. I am going to spare you anymore..but to tell you It will for sure be another 10 years before I go back...thank goodness the company was fantastic!!
1	Do not waste your money! The gumbo tasted like the roux had burned and there was no salt whatsoever. I ordered the blackened chicken to be safe thinking "no one can mess up blackened chicken".....I was wrong. None of the food (including the blackened chicken) were seasoned with salt and pepper. This was the most bland, overpriced food I'd ever had in the city. I ordered my toddler the chicken strip little gators meal. The fries were the best thing out of the entire meal. The service was as also dry and not very friendly or inviting from the hostess to the waiter, Brandon. Geez, I know it's a Tuesday night (we arrived at 5:30) but at least show some enthusiasm as I arrive to spend a whopping $123 (4 entrees, 4 alcoholic bevs, 1 kids meal) on a below average meal. It would've been more had we been charged for the uneaten cup of gumbo.
5	Have been there a few times and they never disappoint!  The Jambalaya is second to none.  Perfectly spiced and portioned.  The New Orleans BBQ is also excellent.  Great atmosphere and service.
3	The fried oysters are to die for.The crayfish scampi looks great but a bit too garlicky.The BBQ shrimp is just a-ok.Real cool how they turned an old house into CQ.
5	Excellent food the price is comparable especially on the creole dishes. You have to make reservations if you want to get a good seat otherwise come before six o'clock.
4	I'd probably give 3 1/2 if I could but I'm going to give 4 stars for excellent service... love the live music every night, great drinks, outdoor patio.  I like the old house. It feels like going over an old family members house but better. The food was good overall.  Appetizers Bbq shrimp sauce is great with bread and the Crawfish ceviche was flavorful and spicy!  So when my gumbo came it tasted blah to me. Not very flavorful.  So my dad ate it and liked it. My shrimp and grits were ok but the shrimp was bland and the skin on my sausage was hard. My sister had the dish several times before and said it didn't taste the same. Liked the grits though. tasted the blackened catfish... moist and delicious. Tasty desserts, but nothing to write home about. I do think it's a bit overpriced. The restroom paper towel machine was broken. And no other dryer or towels available. I know is out of their control but maybe need a backup.  It's quite annoying.Great place for appetizers, live jazz and drinks.
5	Although I have passed this location on many trips to  Charlotte as well as when I lived her, today is my first time sampling the cuisine. I started with a very delicious key line Martini and the popcorn  crawfish both a sweet treat. The crawfish for sure should not be missed. Next course was a very fresh and impeccably spice cup of gumbo. For my main course I chose from the specials menu a piece of Mahi Mahi topped with shrimp taoso ham roasted red peppers and mushrooms served over garlic mashed potatoes.  The presentation was beautiful and the taste divine. All if the seafood was extremely fresh.   My husband chose this Resturant to celebrate our Anniversary and I am very pleased with his choice.
4	Food was tasty but the seating could be more comfortable to a point of wanting to hang out for a bit to listen to music and have some drinks. Wait staff are very nice a knowledgable about the menu. Highly recommend the "Shrimp and Crawfish" app to start and "7th St. Stumbler" as you drink. Do the complimentary valet parking sons not to have parking issues.
2	I have been in Charlotte for over three years and had never been to Cajun Queen, but I have been listening to Jazz a lot lately and got in the mood for some live Jazz. From what I have been able to find, this is the only place in Charlotte that even has live Jazz, so I booked a reservation (through OpenTable) for my girlfriend and I on a Saturday night.No problems with the reservation or getting us seated as soon as we got there, but I was immediately disappointed to find out that the music was only upstairs and there would be a "20-30 minute wait" for seating upstairs. We were seated downstairs, right next to the entrance--it's not great seeing everyone come and go, as well as the staff milling about the hostess stand.Our dinner started with no live Jazz (from downstairs it sounded like pots/pans being banged together) and less than ideal seating. Then came the food. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't anything special. Certainly not good enough to warrant all of the rave reviews here or the prices they charge. It was seasoned, but still tasted very bland to me, especially the crawfish, which I thought was overcooked. The seasoning certainly did not taste Cajun to me. (I got the crawfish Creole and my girlfriend had the chicken Etouffee.)I was definitely not pleased with my first--and last--experience at Cajun Queen, and left $60 poorer and hungry for better food, although I was full. Given that "Live Jazz 7 nights a week" is prominently touted on their website header, they really need to specify that it is only upstairs. I would have requested upstairs seating when I made the reservation, if I had known that was the only place to hear the music. Either that, or they need to remodel that old, bland house to open it up more.Bottom line: I will not be going back.
4	Having been to NOLA and experiencing the amazing food scene it's hard to imagine anywhere outside of LA being able to match the quality of food; however, this restaurant is awesome.  The etouffe was spot on, shrimp and grits creamy, the Cajun popcorn was a delightful surprise and the scampi unlike any other ever tried. Great place to celebrate or just enjoy a great taste of new Orleans.
5	When I found out we were going here for brunch while I was in town, I was excited.  I had not had beignets since I was in Nola in April and I was craving them.  When we arrived at 10 to 11 (brunch begins at 11), there was already a line of people waiting outside.  The doors opened and people walked in like they had not ate in years, we knew we were in for a treat.  The restaurant is within what appears to be a house.  The dining rooms are where a living room and a den would typically be.  We were seated by the fireplace, which was running since it was 45 degrees outside.  The decor is very quaint and welcoming, almost like you're visiting a relative's house.The dinner menu is also available all day but you truly go to this place for brunch.  I originally asked for a coffee with amaretto but they don't serve alcohol before noon (I'm spoiled from NY brunches) but their regular coffee was just as good.  We started off with an order of beignets.  6 perfectly sized fried balls of dough were presented with the most delicious strawberry compote in the middle for dipping.  The beignets were perfect and light and that compote made my day.  For our entrees, we each got something different and decided to pick and choose from the other plates.  I got the bacon, egg, and cheese omelet.  This omelet was thick with a whole layer of bacon going through the center.  It also came with a side of cheesy grits, which were also delicious, and fresh fruit.  My friend got the bananas foster French toast.  The bananas were sweet but good and the toast itself was fluffy and delicious.  My other friend got the rice and beans, which yes becomes an entire meal since sausage is also included.  These were some of the best rice and beans the three of us have ever tasted.  And this is coming from a Puerto Rican, who also confirmed their tastiness.Overall, this is a fantastic place for brunch.  Get there early, and try a little bit of everything.
1	I take everyone that comes to visit me to Cajun Queen!  From the great food (my favorite is the bbq shrimp and bread to dip into the sauce), to the live jazz and great service, this is a restaurant not to be missed!
4	I've been to Cajun Queen a few times now and I've been extremely satisfied with both the high level of customer service and also the food quality.  First, I showed up about 20 minutes late for my reservation (I know, I'm that guy) and they were able to seat us right away on a Friday night.  No questions, no hassle, they simply sent us to an open table as if we had showed up right on time for our reservation.  We had our 3 year old son with us so we each breathed a sigh of relief once seated.Initially I wasn't sure what to order, until I started leafing through pictures on Yelp.  While it all looked good, the Shrimp and Grits stopped me in my tracks.  It wasn't your everyday Shrimp and Grits as they've given it a nice Cajun twist by adding a tasty creole sauce.  The shrimp had a distinct smokey flavor that worked really well with the dish.  The Andouille sausage also packed a nice punch that really pulled the whole meal together.  For dessert we ordered the Tollhouse Cookie Pie.  I had never had anything quite like it before.  It was really good; however, we both felt as though it could have had more chocolate chips.  The walnuts added a nice dimension too.
4	Just go.  Great service and good food!
5	Great atmosphere, Great food. The waiter Alex is the best at what he does. Truly had a great time!!!
4	Food is always good and very consistent.  Coming here for years. Heres a few pics of our dinner: Chicken Diane, Shrimp scampi, fried green tomatoes.
5	Very enjoyable dining experience.  The service was friendly and timing was good.  Food was very good quality and taste.  Serving quantities was adequate.  Nice menu selections and drink offerings.  Highly recommend dining here.
4	All around this place was great! Atmosphere is one of a kind and when they had the band upstairs, it's a different feel. The food was very good and plenty. Staff was very friendly and informative. Very close to where we live and we will definitely be back.
4	We had heard a lot about this place and decided to dine in here during the Charlotte Restaurant Week. We have been to this place only once so far. Just to be safe we made reservations. I will say this place has a beautiful ambiance. It looks like a house which is converted to a beautiful restaurant. There is valet parking available. The receptionist at the front gave us a nice seat on the second floor. It was just our luck because there was live jazz music being played that night. During the restaurant week, this place does have a very good choice of Entrees. You will be served with a 3 course meal with the addition of a glass wine of your choice. We had the cup of seafood gumbo to begin with. The soup served was the right quantity. Not too much or too less. Soup was warm enough. The contained scallops, shrimp, vegetables. For the entree, we had Diane with Chicken and Fresh Fish (blackened Tilapia). Both the chicken as well as fish we cooked well. The topping on the fresh fish were great. The diane chicken had a variety of vegetables on it along with rice. You can also have shrimp and chicken together in it. The food was warm. The third and final course is a dessert of your choice. We chose to have the Key Lime Pie. I cant remember much but I don't think a Key Lime Pie can go wrong at all. The server was definitely very polite and nice to us. She was checking on us at regular intervals and the food was served in a timely manner. During restaurant week, I would say the price of the meal is $$. However if you decided to go some other time, then it would be $$$. The restrooms were clean and tidy.
5	Food is always great and service is good! Best brunch in Charlotte. My son loves the beignets and they sell out quick...
1	DISABLED PEOPLE, PLEASE BEWARE I've been a patron of Cajun Queen for over a decade but my experience tonight was humiliating. I treated my sister to  a birthday dinner and despite our online reservation, we were asked to leave in  the most demeaning of ways. I have a debilitating childhood disease and use a wheelchair on occasion ; tonight was one such occasion. I could only order food I knew didn't require cutting, so I opted for potatoes and a salad. My sister ordered a full meal with wine. I had two mixed drinks (so we're not cheap diners). We had to signal for another glass of wine for my sister, despite seeing the party next to us being served appropriately. I'm not sure why we were overlooked but I'm left to wonder if it's the small portion I ordered that was disparaging.Anyway, when my sister went to look upstairs a minute to reminisce, our server asked my sister quite off the cuff, "Do you want help with 'her' (wheel)chair? I kinda need that table."Taken aback, my sister said, "No." We took note of the EMPTY tables on BOTH sides of us and the fact that the restaurant wasn't crazy busy as we remembered. I spent $67 on a tab for two  and left a TIP of $20--clearly more than twenty percent.I don't know many people who tip as graciously as I  do. My reasoning for leaving the tip despite the service, was it being Christmas time and it's something I do for goodwill.When we rolled to the handicap ramp, it was completely (I mean, completely) blocked off by an A-frame sign about parking; see for yourself. Had  my sister not been with me, I would have not been able to access the restaurant at all.I haven't  always been disabled and ran a restaurant, myself (loved every minute of it). I know how people can take advantage (campers) and I know people can be uber-cheap at tipping. I don't fall into  either ilk. I know good service when I see it; I know how to approach diners who overstay their 'welcome (their can NEVER be anyone who overstay their welcome; consider it flattery); it's part of doing business and keeping patrons happy.  Take a loss here and there. We were in and HOME in a little over two hours. The couple beside us with the adorable little girl who  laid all over the booth was fine by me; she's a child and CQ is a noisy place. I felt a sting of angst when I asked for my food to be wrapped. The facial gestures were quite unsettling.Please don't tell me I'm sensitive: I've had over FORTY surgeries--TWO with NO painkillers afterwards. I've walked on a BROKEN leg to buy wrapping paper tape been accosted because I wasn't 'messed up' "enough'" to ''deserve a handicap tag. So enough ---but there's  no excuse for inhospitably between diner and those needing  to use the facilities.''PLeASe let these be a isolated parents.'PLEASE LEAVE :)
5	My husband and I went for dinner and ate upstairs, enjoying the bar area first.  We popped outside with our drinks and ran into members of the house band. Had a wonderful time talking to the musicians.  The food was delicious, and the menu has  gluten free options too.   If  you want to enjoy the jazz, reserve a table upstairs, preferably when there isn't a wedding party. Really loved the music!
5	I take everyone that comes to visit me to Cajun Queen!  From the great food (my favorite is the bbq shrimp and bread to dip into the sauce), to the live jazz and great service, this is a restaurant not to be missed!
3	We went there, for the hundredth time, but this time armed with a Groupon. The process was seamless since hey now scan the coupon at the table with their handheld device.  The food was great!  I had shrimp and grits!  Halfway through my meal, a bug flew into my food from the light over head.  The waiter quickly removed my plate, comped my meal, and gave me a fresh plate.  I was very impressed.  I would def go back!  Their waitstaff have certainly improved their skills with dish removal during the meal. And, they are very friendly and professional.  Great job!
1	Very loud, bad service, and the food doesn't met the expectations. We came w a party of 10 people, we didn't even get menus for a while, it was so loud we could hardly listen to our server. Dirty plates were sitting in our table for a long time. Super disappointed
4	I looked this place and I was very satisfied with everything.  The food was great and the service was so nice.  Will visit again.
5	It has an amazing atmosphere and very unique. Our server was very polite and was on top of everything, even the hostess was great she found us seats upstairs near the live music and the food was everything I expected and more. It makes you feel like New Orleans in Charlotte...we're already planning our next dinner here, I definitely recommend the restaurant as a must visit
1	The owner could care less about customers. He is the rudest man. The food is so so. Nothing Cajun about it. They did not use our Groupon correctly. That was fine with us, but why couldn't the server tell us. Not just toss the bill on the table and walk away. Save your money and dine elsewhere. The Cajun Yard Dog is far better, and far more Cajun cuisine.
