5	When my car started flicking on an off as I drove down Southern I obviously had a few moments of "freak out".  But I quickly pulled it together, turned on Hardy and found my Mr. Right.  Or Mr. Mechanic?  Or would that be my Mechanic Right?  Anyhow, you get the point.  I've been to Gene's Auto Workx once before when my AC was clicking and clacking but not actually blowing out cold air.  In less than a business day it was back out and blowing cold - and for less than $150.  This time though - I was concerned.  It could be anything from a loose connection to an Alternator.  Any other place I went to would have tried to upgrade my issue and it would have been an easy couple hundred.  Not Gene.  $25 later I'm coasting down the road.  As if this wasn't good enough - my favorite part is always Gene's wife who manages the office and drives me back to my office while the work is being done.  Sweet lady.  She told me how Gene had worked for a nearby Gas Station that did car service as well for almost 20 years when they decided they were closing the shop.  He wasn't willing to give up yet and wanted to be in the same area so he could keep helping folks who'd come to count on him.  Thus their spot currently in the middle of a rather industrial office area.  Sweet AND convenient.I absolutely recommend Gene and his team for wonderful, honest service.
5	Fast, Efficient, Honest.I drove in with a front-end steering problem.  Several mechanically-inclined friends suggested that I would require a new steering rack.  It was thus with great concern that I pulled my ailing car into Gene's parking lot.  Long story short: in two days, the man had my car back on the road.  Though he could easily have convinced me to pay for the new steering rack, Gene found that he could take care of my steering problem by tightening my power steering belt.  It's rare to find a mechanic who would turn down a thousand dollar job in favor of the honest answer to a customer's problem.  I'm grateful and I'll be back to him anytime my car needs work.
5	I went here because my tires (the cheapest I could get at Wal-Mart) and weird leaking had been a problem. Gene helped me track down the leak and a wobble I've had in my car for the six years I've owned it. He hunted down two used wheels to replace the curb-checked ones I had been driving on and got them on in the same day. My car now drives weirdly smooth.  Trust the rest of the reviews. Gene's is a pretty awesome find.
5	Fiddy bucks.  A/C fixed.  Good 2 go for this summer.  Honest evaluation of possible A/C issues by next summer (it's a 93' so it ain't gonna last forever).I've had good luck finding honest mechanics in the past, this is the first time I used Yelp to find one.So far, I'm impressed with Gene and his employees and can recommend them.
5	I found Gene from the reviews on this site and must say he is as good as everyone says.  My A/C broke the day I left for Europe so needless to say when I got back I had to have it fixed (we do live in the damn Desert).  I called up there and they told me to drop it off that day (very fast service)!  He told me the compressor had seized up and that along with other A/C components would need replaced which is what I figured had happened.  Although it was $1800 to fix I called Acura of Tempe to compare prices.  They also charge $1800...FOR JUST THE PARTS!  $600 for the labor.  So basically Gene gave me the labor for free.  I was also hit by a drunk driver 3 years back and have been dealing with my car pulling hard to the right ever since.  I have already had the car aligned 4 times since the accident and not one time was the pulling issue fixed.  Gene sent the car over to his buddies shop who specializes in alignments and they found out the engine cradle had shifted...well they shifted it back and did a 4 wheel alignment and now the car drives straighter then an arrow.Bottom line is Gene knows what he is doing.  There is a reason all of the reviews on here are 5 stars.  He is the nicest guy and explains in the simplest terms exactly what is wrong with your car and gives you the fairest prices in town.  Quality work and a great price usually don't go hand in hand but in this case they do!  Now go get your car fixed at Gene's!-d
5	I always have had to buy cheaper used cars due to finishing a long degree, and for the last 10 years have not had anyone in my life (i.e. my mechanic dad) to help me with them.  I always have felt ripped off or taken advantage of in some way or another, because I know enough to know when something is not right, but not enough to know what the heck it is.  This is the only guy I will ever trust with my car as long as I live in Phoenix.  I've compared his services to a variety of shops around Phoenix on 3 occasions, on jobs ranging from 50 to $3000 on my money pit Saab. No one else compares, no one else explains, and no one else will try to save you money while ensuring your car is safe the way this guy does.  Family run, everyone has pride in it.  This guy deserves your business.
5	I have to post another rave for Gene's. After having my car's AC inspected twice by some chain auto places (I'm sure you can guess who) and having them tell me "Sorry, we can't find the problem," I took it to Gene and he was like "oh, the problem was just this loose doodad causing a leak. I fixed it" (he was much more specific and explanatory than that, but that's what it translated to in my head). It cost half of what I was expecting. So this is what it's like to go to a great mechanic.... it feels so.... dare I say?..... GOOD. I think I'll do it more often.
5	Needed brakes and general tune-up. Engine light was also on and dealer was not able to fix it. Just picked up the car 2 hours ago. Gene fixed everything, in a timely and professional manner. He did not overcharge and did not try to sell extra things. Gene is the man. Highly recommended.
5	To a mechanic I look like a sucker from a mile away- young, female, blonde... you get the picture.  Well, I don't have to worry about that anymore because Gene's is honest and reliable.  Since my car is fairly new, I've only gone to Gene's for an oil change and the occasional small stuff like checking the air in my tires and turning my maintenance light off.  If I ever have a big problem, I will hands down take it to Gene.  For now, it's nice to know he's there for the small stuff.  Thanks Yelp for finding me an awesome mechanic.
5	The AC in my X5 was failing. For most of this year, I was able to deal with it as it was just cool enough. However, when I had to roll down my windows for some of that Arizona blow-dryer in your face type wind, I decided it was time for a repair. Here's where Gene comes in. He fixed it - fast, and cost effectively.
5	I found this guy using your reviews- & it's my privilege to add another 5 stars to his constellation! Besides doing a perfect job and explaining every excruciating dollar of repairs I needed, Gene paid a "house call" to me in a bank parking lot, at 5 pm on a Friday, in 110-degree heat, b/c my car wouldn't start. I called , desperate, asking for a tow recommendation, & he literally insisted on coming to help. This guy is the real deal, and his waiting room is always packed with repeat customers whom he & his family know by name. I almost don't want to tellyou about him. But he deserves the praise!
5	This the best place to take your vehicle if you prefer honest, straightforward mechanics who speak to you like a human being and don't treat you like your car is on the verge of exploding on the freeway UNLESS you get that $1,500 part fixed today. I've been here a few times, and Gene is extremely communicative, detailed, and honest. You will not get taken advantage of or sold anything. Plus, they have the cheapest towing service around for when you can't actually "drive" your car into the mechanic.Can't imagine going anywhere else.
5	Gene was able to turn around my broken-down car in 24 hours and charged me the fairest price (by far) of any place in town.  As long as I'm in the Valley I'll be taking my vehicles to Gene's.
5	Have always had a good experience at Gene's and as a solo girl going to the mechanic, this is always a good thing. A little more expensive than you'd pay at larger chains perhaps but you can trust that he's doing good work and you're not liable to get screwed over...
5	I took my car to Gene because of the number of positive reviews here on Yelp. His work deserves the 5 stars everyone has given. My car needed an A/C compressor, but I had already purchased the part from the manufacturer to save some money. Gene was willing to use my own part. He actually read the manufacturer's warranty conditions and did whatever was required so that I didn't lose the part's warranty. I will take my car to Gene again.
5	Uh, duh, needless to say, 5 stars! So I went out to my car this afternoon and there was a flat. I was headed to the library so had my laptop right there. Being new to town I didn't know where to go! So I jumped onto yelp and searched "tire repair". Low and behold, dear mother Mary of God, Gene's Auto Worx popped up with a hundred songs of praise, and only 2 miles from my home. So I call and the chipperest lady answered...I told her my tale, she handed me over to Gene, who suggested that I drive to the gas station .5 miles away, that is based on my description of the tire's condition as looking "drivable for a mile maybe". After we hung up I started to back out and thought, "hmmmm, this doesn't sound like I should even go .5 miles". So I called back to Gene's for advice, and what does Gene do? What does the man do? He says he's coming to get me, coming with a pump. "I'll be there in 10 minutes!" 10 minutes later Gene emerged from his truck with a red cape on, pumped up my tire, and led me back to his shop where my tire was patched, and the other 3 checked, in 10 minutes flat! Total cost----so cheap I can't even write it! I ended up referring someone to him just an hour or so later. She happens to be a great biz owner that I found on yelp too. yelp, it keeps going around!!!
5	Now, I usually only review restaurants but I absolutely have to nod my head over in Gene's direction. This place saved me hundreds of dollars on my first visit. I needed a new pressure hose for my power steering and I was about to go out and do it myself after getting a rough estimate from Midas. Midas had the audacity to want to charge me $80 to $160 for the hose and $50 to $100 for putting it in. Oh, and let's not forget about a mandatory power steering flush that would have to take place for only $69. The hose costs $12.99 through Autozone, I checked. Livid, I waited for the estimate from Gene, who I had called earlier, after he told me he'd call me back after getting a price together. When he promptly called me back, I was told it would be around $104 for parts and labor. $104!! I brought my Jeep in almost immediately and dropped it off. While they were working on it I got a call from Gene letting me know that my radiator hoses were going bad (something I already knew). I figured it would cost me at least another $150 but I was willing to do it. It was then that Gene told me that it would be around $80. Amazed, I told him to go for it! For less than $200 I was out of there feeling safe to drive my car. I have never ever felt so good about a car shop. I want Gene to have all the business he desires and deserves, and I recommend this place over and over again! Thank you to Gene and your crew! I know I need some more work done and you will have all of my business!
5	Thank you, Gene and your crew, for being the first honest, fair, and well-priced mechanics I've encountered in quite some time. After I had my oil change done there, I was waved away and told that "things look good" and I did not need extra things done on my car. In shock, I asked for clarification and double checked that I wasn't missing out on some horribly expensive and necessary part. I've never had an experience with a mechanic where no one tries to charge me for anything except the service I came for. (And I keep my car in good shape, so I feel like a lot of those suggestions are feeble attempts to suck out more money from me.)Anyway, I'll be back. They're fair and won't try to scam you for things you don't need. Go! They deserve your business!.
5	Being from the East coast, I was on the hunt for a honest, down to earth, NON-CHAIN garage to take a look at a car I had recently bought on Craigslist. After reading the raving reviews on Yelp, my boyfriend and I drove 40 min. to go to Gene's Autoworx, and after going, I would have driven over an hour. He was honest, explained everything, was very fair, and all around was a wonderful experience. After working up 2 estimates (1 with brand name parts and the other with off the market parts), he printed them out and sent them home with us. On our way out, my boyfriend wanted to make an appointment for his truck to be looked at, instead, Gene says "Oh, I'll take a look at it right now". 10 minutes later he had tightened this, tuned up that, and happily sent us on our way without charging us a dime for his additional time. We will DEFINITELY be returning to Gene.
5	If you're looking for someone who's going to diagnose your car correctly and give you straight answers, trust Gene.  He won't replace anything that doesn't need replacing.  If he can't figure out the problem or is not equipped to handle the problem, he'll let you know and even recommend a shop that can.
1	Why does this place have 5 stars?  And why are so many of his reviewers out of state? Who brings their car from New York to have it fixed by Gene?I went to Gene's shop with my car and he did incorrect work which did led unnecessary work, charged me more than the dealer would have, tried to milk 850 $ for a new computer (ECU), and pushed me into taking the car to the dealer to have it fixed. The dealer fixed it by fixing the wiring that Gene did wrong to begin with.================= The whole story ======================The story started when I got Crankshaft and Camshaft sensor error codes on my Nissan Altima 2005.I bought the parts from Autozone and replaced them myself. It turned out that after spending 5 hours working on getting to a hard to reach sensor, it didn't fix the problem so I decided to take the car to Gene to have it fixed.He proceeded re-wiring a connector that would no longer clip in after  I undid the crankshaft sensor.That didn't fix it. He told me the sensors I got from Autozone were no good based on research he did online in auto forums and that I needed OEM sensors. I let him do the job. He replaced the sensors with the dealer sensors and the problem didn't go away.Next he checked all the wiring for which he charged me 120$ diagnosis fee (dealer charges 90$). He told me it all checked out fine and that I needed to replace the computer (ECU) for something like 850 dollars.So I took the car to the dealer to have the computer reprogrammed because usually computers don't just break to the point of no way to repair them. He did encourage me to have the dealer replace the computer so I give him that. Reprogramming the computer didn't fix the problem so I gave the dealer another 90 for diagnosis of the problem.The dealer fixed the problem immediately after for 40 dollars! It was the wiring that was bad which Gene redid, and diagnosed for 200$.Total rip-off Gene. Stay away. If you can't do the job yourself, take it to your dealer.lesson learned for 370$ fee from Gene, 210$ from the dealer, 70$ in parts from Autozone, 5 hours of time wasted, frustration, and inconvenience of having to ask friends for rides for 5 days. Ultimately I took the car back to Gene after the dealer fixed it so that he can see what the dealer did. He refunded me 203$ which included diagnosis and CKP sensor replacement sensor. I'm still down 360$ though for the other stuff he did and the money I had to give to the dealer to diagnose, do what Gene did again and re-program the ECU which Gene said was bad.He also said that I didn't deserve part of the refund because I was the one who broke the connector I had him fix in the first place.The good part is that I got to hang out with my friend who helped me fix it for the 5 hours.
5	I visited Gene today to have quite a few things done to my car, and I couldn't wait to get home to write this review. I went to Gene because of all of the positive yelper reviews- Thanks guys! I too was not disappointed by his service. I called 1st to schedule an appt which I recommend to anyone because this shop was very busy. But Gene got us in right away. I told Gene that I definitely needed my tires rotated and balanced, but I also needed estimates for quite a few things- thanks to a few other mechanics I had visited who all "found" major issues with my car. Gene looked over my whole car for free. Found out that the other mechanics were trying to screw me, and found that I did need my transmission fluid and filter changed- but gave me a great price for it- way less than competitors. He also didn't try to push it on me, just told me I needed it done soon. Gene was very helpful in answering all of my questions. His staff was excellent- his front desk girl is his daughter and is very sweet. Everyone greeted me with a smile and no one seemed bothered by my 4 kids and I taking over the waiting room, But, I was most impressed by his customer service to his returning clients. A few whom he recognized right away when they walked in the door. All, who seemed very happy to be returning to him. I too will be happy to return my car to him.
5	First of all, thank you fellow Yelpers, because I found this great mechanic from you!Gene was great- he checked out my car thoroughly and made recommendations. He didn't try to hard-sell me  and he didn't just "fix" what I was guessing might be wrong - both of which have happened to me plenty in the past. He also didn't rip me off, which I really appreciate. His pricing was totally fair and he had all of the work done in one day like he said he would. Not at all like the Hyundai dealership who kept my car for three days and never did fix my gas gauge!But you guys - after checking my car and before I even knew when I'd have a day I could leave it with him for the repairs, it overheated on me and I was stranded at a gas station. HE CAME TO ME IN 10 MINUTES and got me back on the road. It was a seemingly simple fix but he dropped what he was doing and came straight over. WHO DOES THAT?? Customer service FTW!Thanks to Gene (and a new set of tires from Discount) my 2003 Hyundai Elantra GT runs like a brand new car. I'd thought I might have to replace it this year but now that I found Gene I'll be able to keep this one (which I like!) much longer. And his daughter, Kelley, is a sweetheart. Thanks for the lift, Kelley!
5	Gene seems to be a great guy and an even better mechanic.  I got a next day appointment and I was in and out in under 2 hours after a diagnostic and replacing a vacuum tube he found a leak in.He also took a solid 15 minutes or so to explain the problem to me and the systems that it impacted.  He also diagnosed a rattling in my engine and told me other than being loud it's not really a problem until the part dies.  He also said we could talk more about replacement later in the year, but I should be fine until sometime through the winter.Gene's honest service and fair prices will definitely make me a repeat customer, I doubt I will trust any other mechanic in the valley with my vehicle!
5	Thanks to everyone for reviewing this great shop.  Actually, I had high expectations coming in here after reading all these 5-star reviews, but they were fully met.  Gene was practically standing in the doorway to greet me personally and patiently listened to the problems I'd been experiencing with my Rav4.  He checked it out right then and there as I waited. I was still kind of surprised when he gave me the straightest answer I've ever gotten from a mechanic about what's wrong with my car.  He took 15 minutes thoroughly explaining when I might need to make certain repairs in the future.In the end, I left just paying $30 for an oil change I needed -- he said I didn't need the brake pads I thought I did for another 6-9 months.  He seems like an extremely trustworthy guy.  I look forward to coming back in the future.
5	Having moved to Arizona just last year, I was worried about finding a good, honest mechanic like I had back east.  I jumped on Yelp and to my surprise I find Gene, right down the street from me!I called Gene a couple days ago to talk to him about getting my 75,000 mile service on my Pathfinder and some new Michelin tires.  Gene right up front told me that the tires would probably be cheaper elsewhere, but that if I wanted him to do them, he'd be more than happy to help me out.  He spent at least 10 minutes on the phone with me going over the different tire choices and the pros and cons of each.  Even though the Michelin's were the most expensive, I decided on them and made my appointment for the next day.Upon arrival the very friendly receptionist greeted me and asked me to fill out a very simple form with my information and a description of the work I needed done on the Pathfinder.  I had the Nissan recommended 75k service done, as well as an alignment, an a/c check, and of course the new tires installed.  I dropped the keys off and came back 7 hours later.  Gene thoroughly went over everything that was done to my truck and gave me a very detailed invoice listing out every part used and service performed.  Based on past experiences, the prices were very reasonable and may have even been a bit better than what I would have paid for similar service in the past.  The real satisfaction came when I drove off though, the truck runs like a brand new vehicle!  The new tires give me an AMAZING ride, and its perfectly aligned, no more pulling to the side.  Also some weird noises that I had forgotten to mention to him are now mysteriously gone.  Who knows what kind of magic he worked under the hood but I couldn't be happier!  I plan on moving up to Scottsdale in the near future, but I will still bring my truck down to Tempe to have Gene take care of it, amazing service!!!  Thanks Gene!!!
5	I had always seen Gene's Auto Worx at the top of the Tempe Yelp list with five stars, so when my Lincoln started acting up, I knew where to take it. I had some mystery noises coming from under my car, the problem was it was on and off, with me never knowing when it would happen.   I went to Gene's and sure enough, no noise, but Gene hopped in the car and I drove around for ten minutes, then Gene drove it around for a while, trying everything to get some noise. Nothing. We drove back to the shop and Gene had my car put on a lift, all the wheels taken off, did several inspections of every part that moved, they easily spent an hour inspecting my car... and nothing. They took my car off the lift and Gene told me if I ever hear the noise again to come to his shop and he'll drop what he's doing and hop in to listen for it. I thanked him for his kindness and pulled out my wallet to hear Gene say there was no charge! Seriously?! They most likely spent a total of two hours on my car and he wanted nothing... that's unheard of.  In the end my car got fixed, for WAY less than I expected, and I left very happy and very loyal to a new car shop. Who knows if I would have found Gene's Auto Worx without Yelp, and I recommend them to everyone I know, I couldn't be more pleased with the service I received.
5	I always get nervous when it's time to service my car, as I don't know much about what's goin on under the hood. So I have to find professionals who I can trust, feel comfortable with. Gene is one of those guys. He's gonna lay it to me straight. If I need something  he'll say it, if not, he'll tell me not to worry about it right now. Now, That's what you need in a mechanic...the truth! Go see Gene, you'll thank me later.
5	I found Gene's Auto Worx through Yelp and I'm so glad that I did!  I drive a 10 year old car and was in need of some repairs, but I've always had that feeling that I was being price-gouged and not being given straight-forward, honest advice by previous mechanics shops.  My first trip to Gene's was in January.  I called around 10am and explained the noises my car was making and asked if I could bring it in that day.  He said to bring it down and they'd take a look at it.  When I got there he had me write down and describe the issues I was concerned about.  He looked at it right away and spent about an hour with me, from diagnosing the issues, personally explaining them to me and providing recommendations and advice.  All of this for no charge!  After he diagnosed the issues himself he wanted to make sure we were on the same page so we both went out to my car and made sure he was addressing the exact sounds I was concerned about (there were a few of them).  After he explained what they were and helped prioritize them and why certain repairs are more vital than others (new rotors and motor mounts), he gave me an estimate that was very reasonably priced.  They did the work the next day and were kind enough to drop  me off at my apartment while the work was being done and then pick me up later.I went back again recently for more work (replacing the A/C and heating system) even after moving to downtown Phoenix and not only had another great experience, but he charged me much less than another A/C specialist had quoted that I found through Groupon.  I'd like to think it is because Gene has more expertise that the other place which resulted in fewer hours of labor being charged, but I have a feeling that the other place just tacked on a few extra hours of labor because most people don't know any better.  I LOVE that Gene is honest, not pushy and very nice about explaining things.  His daughter Kelly is super sweet as well. I will definitely be going back to Gene in the future!  They also have wifi in the waiting room!
5	Last year, I went to Gene's Auto Worx after seeing all of the 5 star reviews on here.  When I needed a 30k tune up, I told them to do whatever they felt the car needed.  To my surprise (and delight) the gentleman working that day said I only needed an oil change and the cabin air filter replaced.  I was expecting a $300 bill, and they could have hit me for various frivolous repairs, but they didn't, and that's why I'll be using them as long as I'm in AZ.  In the past I used Midas and Sun Devil Auto, but after a sales pitch on why I needed my brake fluid/nonexistent part replaced which turned out to be bunk, I had to look elsewhere.  Those places offer a really cheap oil change (~$16 or so) and then recommend that you get your carburetor overhauled for $900.  Gene's Auto Worx oil changes cost a little extra (~$25) but I'm comfortable knowing my car is getting an honest opinion and that my money is going to an honorable place.
5	Ez shop, great service, honest work, fair price. What else ya want? Thanks gene!
5	I found Gene's through Yelp a while ago. Had an old car that kept breaking down on me for various reasons. Even with my newer car, I don't bother with the dealer anymore as I feel like I wont be up sold on a hundred different things that I don't need. Thanks Gene for being an honest mechanic!
5	I found Gene through Yelp after getting fed up with the rip off nightmare I was dealing with in Scottsdale with another mechanic. Gene and his team are professional, friendly, will not give you unnecessary quotes for unnecessary services, and will give you a reasonable price for the services your car does require. Don't hesitate, go see these guys. AND, as a woman who needs a mechanic she can trust (I am in my mid 30's and don't even know how to check the oil on a car, and the only time I've ever opened the hood of a car was when I accidentally pulled the lever when looking for the gas tank door release)...I need someone who is honest that I know won't take advantage of my admitted automotive ignorance- that's Gene.
5	I needed to find a local mechanic close to my office so I could get a ride back and forth.  My 2004 Chrysler needs a lot of repairs, so I decided to try out Gene's to see how well they would do with an outer tie rod end replacement.I called, on a Wednesday, shortly after they opened and asked if they had time to do the job.  I was told that if I brought it down ASAP, they could have it done by the end of the day.  Woo-hoo!Gene's is located on the west side of the road behind the Kalil office.  Look for 2730 and he's right behind it.The waiting room was clean and comfortable looking, but I didn't have to wait.  Drop-off was super fast.  I filled out some minimal paperwork, gave him my key and off I went.My ride was leaving around 3PM, so I decided to call to see if my car was ready.  It was!  A few minutes later, I was back at Gene's.  Checkout was fast and easy.  The cost?  It cost a little over $300 to replace both outer tie rod ends and perform an alignment.  I actually shopped this around and this is competitive.  It's not the cheapest price I found, but it's the least expensive for any five-star mechanic that I've seen!The car drives great; the shimmy is gone, the steering is tight and I had forgotten the simple pleasures of a proper alignment.  Like I said, I have more repairs to do, so I'll be heading back to Gene's.  Thanks, guys!
5	My first experience here was a good one.  They gave me a quote to replace a starter which turned out to be about half what I would've paid at Tempe Nissan, so I decided to try Gene's instead....very glad I did.  The turn around time was fast and check in / check out was easy too. I would recommend this place for sure!
5	I had some simple work that needed to be done, a new battery and some new brake pads.  I saw they were highly-rated on Yelp and gave them a call.  Not only did they fit me in that very day, but they offered to give me a ride while my car was being worked on.  I had a friend picking me up but just the offer of a ride was impressive.  Later that day, the work was done and the price seemed very reasonable.  It's been a couple of weeks now and no further problems have occurred.  That's more than I can say for the last place I went to.  I give Gene's the highest rating possible.  Keep up the good work!
5	My husband and I have brought our cars to Gene over the last few years for a few things here and there and have always been happy.This past weekend both of our cars had some weird issues, so we took in my husband's car first. Gene called us with his "diagnosis" and gave us an estimate (much less than we were expecting!), so we had the work done. When we actually picked up the car and paid, it was about $20 less than what he had quoted (bonus!). We then left my car there overnight so they could get started right away the next morning. The next day, same scenario, Gene called me with a diagnosis, an estimate (which was WAAAY less than I had seen advertised at Big-O or that type of place), and he had the work done within a couple of hours. I am so impressed with Gene's Auto Worx; I feel like he only did and charged us for what NEEDED to be done - no more, no less. So many places over-charge you and then give you a list of all the other problems, which is overwhelming (I know my car is old, and things are breaking, but I can only afford one thing at a time!). The thing I appreciate most is that although Gene is the owner, he takes the time to talk with you and explain everything in NORMAL terms - he doesn't talk down to you like so many mechanics. AND our cars have been running GREAT so far! Thanks!!!!
5	Love this place. Have you ever heard of anyone writing or saying this about an auto repair shop? This man deserves sainthood. He is professional in his approach to auto maintenance and repair, he is knowledgeable and thorough with his repairs, and he is a totally honest businessman. Seriously. I wish the man sold cars. Then he would graduate from sainthood to a God. I highly recommend him.
5	It's hard to find a mechanic who is knowledgeable, without being condescending...thorough, without charging you for things they cannot explain.  But Gene is definitely one of the great ones.  He's professional, sincere, and can diagnose a problem so rapidly!  I almost feel wary writing this review, because it the Yelp world...the more people find out about a place...the busier it gets.  Right now, with Gene, I can hand my car over one day and get it back the next morning, knowing that he's going to quote me a fair price before making any crazy repairs.I post this review...with immense hesitation but know that it's only fair to do so!Yes, I will be returning. I have already, twice over : )
5	We are soooo lucky to have found Gene!  We will NOT go to another mechanic - no need to.  Gene is honest, professional, knowledgeable and thorough. He charges fair prices and diagnoses/repairs quickly. Other mechanics should follow the example he sets.
5	Gene has restored my faith in mechanics. During a time when I thought my car was  done for, he used expert diagnostics and solved my problem. He even came by himself and picked up the missing part from my house! Gene is a great businessman and stood by his timelines for getting the job done. Overall I cannot say enough thanks to his shop and staff.
5	Thank you Gene!  Your Yelp followers guided me to you and now, I am one!  Your genuine self and straight forward approach to taking care of your customers is unique in the world and even more so in the automotive world.You assessed, quoted and repaired my suspension issue this morning with the greatest of ease and affordability.By every measure, you are a kind, empathetic and talented individual and anyone who has a car should know about you!Thank you for making my day and for being a force for good in our world.
5	Gene is the best mechanic in town! He knows exactly what he is doing and very fair in terms of prices. Highly recommended place to service your car or even bring a used car before you buy it. I bought two used cars and showed them both to him and very happy with both cars so far (4 yrs and 6 months).
5	Excellent Service.I have had my car in for service and oil change couple of times here. they  are very genuine and only suggest if something need to be replaced or some work is to be done only if its absolutely required. The rates are very reasonable and low.
5	I found this repair shop on yelp, and i haven't gone anywhere else. I really appreciate the sincerity and honesty every time that i need to bring my car in.  The big jobs i have had done at Gene's is a major brake and O2 sensor replacement. Both problems were fixed the first time. I would suggest this shop to all.
5	This review is very long overdue. It's been a year and a half since I've been back to Gene's. But it's one of the best auto shops I've ever been to. I was heading out of town for the 4th and was driving to SD so I needed to get my car checked. I was convinced I needed new brakes since my car kept squeaking and my check engine light was on too. I was fully prepared to drop some major cash on getting my car fixed. I called up Gene's and made an appointment. The chick that answered was super helpful and really nice. I let her know I found them on Yelp and that they had an offer for a free tire rotation and she said it'd be no problem. I drop my car off with a pit in my stomach and a heavy heart knowing I'm losing major money fixing the stupid thing. I get a call from Gene later that day and he tells me i have about 60% on my brakes!! And that he changed my oil, ran a diagnostics test on my car and rotated my tires. Said I didn't need new brakes. 1. I couldn't believe he was so honest and 2. I spent less than $40. Best experience with a mechanic. Hands down.I just wish it was closer to where I live so I could take it back there for service. If you're in the area - definitely check it out. I've told anyone I know to go there.
5	Only went in for an oil change and tire rotation.  They gave me a free tire rotation from mentioning this ad.  No pressure up sell at all.  I know I had a few things to get worked on that everyone else would try and pressure me into.  They just told me I need to get it done, gave me an estimate and that was it.  Great service
5	Pleasant young woman answered my call to this family-owned business. Her father Gene called me back same day with honest appraisal--no hard sell, no talking down to a woman driver (all of us have had to deal with that at some point).Gave me exactly what I asked for at a fair price (saved me hundreds over the dealership) and in a timely manner.Highly recommend!
5	As a woman, getting a quote for car repairs always makes me nervous.  We're often disrespected or quoted more than we need, so I looked on Yelp to find a decent shop.  I was shocked that Gene's has 52 5-star reviews - virtually unheard of on Yelp!  Well, they deserve them.  Soon after I arrived for my front brake repair, I was quoted about $160 for ceramic brakes and labor and told that there's a cheaper option if I wished to go that route but that ceramic brakes last longer.  Just a pad replacement; no run-around about rotors, calipers, or any other add-ons.  Full disclosure - nice.  An hour or two later, I was out of there with my bank account and peace of mind in order.  Gene's has earned another customer in me (and my husband).
5	I'm not great about writing reviews...actually this is my first one but I was so impressed with my experience at Gene's Auto Worx that I couldn't NOT write a review.I've never felt more comfortable dealing with a mechanic than I did with Gene. Not only is incredibly knowledgeable but he is also honest and has GREAT customer service. He called me twice throughout the day to let me know what was going on with my truck and ended up charging me way less than I anticipated.I love being able to support local businesses and this is certainly one of the best! I won't be taking my truck anywhere else from now on!
2	I lived on the west side of town forever, but I recently moved to the east side. I needed to look for a new mechanic more conveniently to me, I saw this place on yelp and saw great reviews. My check engine light came on and I was having troubles with the AC making the car overheat. I made an appointment and when I took it to the garage I had to approach somebody first which I didn't really like customer wise. Dropped of my car at 7am didn't get a call, waited til 2 in the afternoon then I called, they told me what was going on and were working on it, waited for a call before 6 pm when they close to let me know if my car was going to be done or if it needed to stay, once again nothing. Waited til 5:20 called and they said my car was done. I never had a mechanic place that didn't call me and let me know what was going on with the car, or at least when my car was finished! Really didn't feel appreciated as a customer, I don't know if they treat there regulars with better service but this being my first time I don't know if I would go back. As for the work, my check engine light Is off, but I'm not sure if they bothered to check the AC and coolant leak that was also a possibility. I asked the lady in the front if everything else is ok and she said yes, but wasn't reassuring, didn't see anything about a coolant  leak being  checked on the paper and I didn't have a mechanic to explain it. Hopefully my car is repaired and problem fee, if they did a good job I would consider to go back, but the customer service I got makes me think about it. Didn't really appreciate that I had to make the calls to know what was going on with my car, and the fact that I didn't even get a call to tell me my car was done was annoying, I shouldn't have to feel like I'm being a pain and having to call to know what's going on.
5	Gene has been our family mechanic for years and years our family will not trust anyone else to do repairs on our cars. He is 100% honest and does it right the first time. Never have encountered a issue with his work. Gene's family works there and they are completely honest and friendly. I can't say one bad thing about this place and GENE..
5	The dealership said my car needed $850 in repairs. I panicked and searched yelp for the best auto mechanic in Tempe to try and find a better deal and I found Gene! Gene checked out my car and charged me $450 for those repairs. I have been taking my car to him ever since. As someone who knows nothing about cars, it is great to have a nice and honest person who will take the time to explain what's going on with my car, what he thinks the car needs now, what he thinks the car will eventually need that we can wait on, and ways to save $ with pros and cons of decisions. Thanks Gene!
5	Gene and your staff, I want to thank you for the service you provided my automobile.  Today I went for an emissions test and passed thanks to you and your team for fixing the issues that needed addressing after I had failed 3 areas the first time I went. The team at Gene's was very friendly and trustworthy.  I am new to Arizona and don't have a mechanic and now I do.  I found them on Yelp after I saw endless positive reviews and gave them a shot.  The endless 5 star reviews are correct because I witnessed it first hand this week as I was facing an emissions nightmare that was addressed and fixed by Gene and his crew,  Will see you again soon and thanks again.
5	I've now been to Gene's Auto Worx several times for preventative maintenance and emergency type fixes with my Corolla and Lincoln, and each time I leave pleasantly surprised with the level of care I receive. You learn so early in life to distrust car shops and it's such a breath of fresh air to be able to drop a car off and know that there isn't someone actively thinking of ways to screw you the whole time your vehicle is in their care. Five big fat stars.
1	how this company has such great reviews is beyond me. i called and got two specific quotes for service and made an appointment for a specific time for the work to be done so that it could be done as quickly as possible. 5 hours after i dropped my vehicle off for my "scheduled" appointment it still hadn't been looked at. but the real issue is that the services that i got very clear quotes on were now more expensive. one by only $15 but the other by more than $100. i'm losing faith in yelp.
5	My review is way too late for the business. As usual, I intend to review right away and here I am, two years of regular business with Gene's and I'm trying catch up. As with most of the other reviews, I went to Gene's with an issue that had my (above average) self-help mechanical abilities stumped. My late model F-150 was telling me I had one issue and it turned out that the computer wasn't playing well through the troubleshooting. I went to Yelp and found Gene's excellent reviews. Something I've never done, use a mechanic.... It took a few days to get to the root of the problem. Gene found a bad fuel injector. He used genuine ford parts and got me back up and going. I was expecting a $700 tab and it was just over half of that. I've always done my own mechanical work when a warrantee doesn't take care of it for me ( tune-ups, brake jobs, steering parts, lift kits installs, belt changes, A/C repairs, etc...). My wife hates having to deal with car stuff. It always results in upselling, services and parts that we don't need, and me asking why she just didn't you just say "no thanks". Well, I was deployed with the military when my wife's 4-runner  had a slight grinding noise (brakes). I asked her to just call Gene's and get it in. And just like the other reviews stated, Gene's took a look at the vehicle and quoted a price for the rear brakes (resurface the rotors, pads, shop supplies, etc) and it wasn't more than a few hundred bucks. No upsell. She dropped it off on her way to work and picked it up on her way home.  If I had anything bad or negative, I would have put it here. But I just can't seem to think of anything. Seriously, nothing!Gene's is the only place I have worked with that I know I could send my wife or my teenage daughter to get treated fairly to get our vehicles serviced. Thank you to everyone at Gene's that has helped build this trust. You're doing it right...
5	I started using this place based on Yelp reviews and wanting to find a place close to home in Tempe.  2006 4Runner.  So far they have bested the Toy dealerships on every marker...price, promptness, attentiveness, professionalism, customer service.... My and the 4Runner are very happy with our new home...
5	Gene's is the best auto mechanic I've ever been to. I was going somewhere in central phoenix that specialized in VW repairs but they weren't very accommodating or friendly. I first went to Gene's for an oil change and they recommended some other repairs I knew my car needed but quoted me at almost half the cost of most other shops. When my check engine light went on the next week I took it back to Gene's and Gene himself was incredibly helpful - so was his associate (I think his name was Dave?). They fixed my car and went my check engine light went on AGAIN the next day, Gene let me bring it in even though they were closing in 20 minutes. I will be bringing my car here from now on and I can't recommend Gene's enough. I wish I had found them sooner.
5	I must say that after my second visit to Gene' s in two years, I find him to be the most honest and knowledgeable mechanic in the valley. If you live  anywhere in the valley, and want a "REAL AND HINEST"  mechanic, make the trip to Gene's. You won't regret it. Forget the big O,'s and discount tire upsellers!!!
3	I went in with a quote for two things to get done in my car. I also had an estimate as to the amount of time to get the work done at about 3 hours. Now this time might have just been a miscommunication so I'm not going to slam anyone for that. As long as the work is done it's ok. I'd say that's worth half a lost star, but in this case I won't even do that. You were also late to your own place of business which had 3 people waiting outside before I even got there 3 minutes after you opened only to see you stroll up about 10 minutes late. Still no loss of star we all have complicated lives, heck maybe you had car troubles?The reason you get dropped one star is you failed to do both things to my car that I asked to have done. Yes this was a miscommunication on your part. Yes I stated what needed to be done twice before setting the appointment and when I got there, perhaps you didn't hear me because you were in a rush after being late? I dunno. The other bad thing is this could have easily been cleared up with a one minute phone call and yes I gave you my cell phone number. The other thing that made you lose a star was the quote vs the actual charges. I had two things that were supposed to be done, and only one done but had a bill like both things were done... Why?You charged me 60 bucks to diagnose the other problems with my car? I told you about two other things that were going on with my car and asked if you could check it out....You charged me 60 bucks to do that? Who needs to call to get the go ahead to do more work when you simply charge 60 bucks to figure out if you even need to do more work. And I really doubt it took you 45 minutes to figure it out, you charge 80 dollars an hour right? I could have recreated the noise in a minute and a scan at autozone for free in about 3 and a internet search on the code in minutes. Most cool mechanics don't charge you to tell you what else needs to be done, hell even jiffy lube the antichrist doesn't lol.Long story short, super shady...you knew I had a certain amount of money to spend that day and despite not getting all the work done because of a miscommunication on your part you made sure to charge me the same amount regardless. Well that is worth another lost star and frankly 2 but I won't even do that. It is worth a lost costumer and referrals. Had you not charged me that 60 bucks you'd have gained 700 in a few weeks. I'm a loyal customer and a sales person when it comes to good mechanics I'm a chiropractor lol I tend to see a lot of people who need mechanics. I found my last mechanic on yelp and I was with him my entire time in the state, 3.5 years. I drove 45 minutes to see him because he was ethical and did good work.I won't can you because the work you did was good. Your prices were good without the add ons, and you made recommendations which are honest. I think average is fair because of the lack of communication on your part and the bump up on price to make your quota for the day. I'd expect that from an average mechanic because let's face it good mechanics are hard to find but I would not expect that from a great mechanic who I would send everyone I know to. I set my appointment with a new mechanic next week, pretty much the same price you quoted but hopefully without the bump up, better communication, punctuality, and ethics.
1	First of all, I went to Gene's, because of the reviews on yelp, and a personal reference from a friend. I called on Monday and made an appointment for 9 am today. I had to call 4 times and got the run around till about 2pm when I finally spoke to gene and got a quote.  He said the car would be ready at 5 and it wasn't. I was quoted a price for service in the phone, and when I arrived it was magically 80 dollars higher. I had to go back and forth with Gene just to get the original price that was quoted. Miscommunication doesn't begin to describe what happened today. Horrible customer service doesn't describe Gene's Autoworx...how bout no customer service.  The cherry on top of the whole thing was waiting in the office another 30 minutes while Gene worked to get the window up that I told him not to roll down...not once did he come and tell me what was going on! I will never come back to Gene's, I'll never refer anyone there, and I pray to God that you do the same!
5	I came in needing a replacement of a torn drive-axle boot on my 10-year-old Subaru Forester.  Gene explained that I would get better value by replacing the axle as an assembly, with the boots on both ends. I was a little skeptical at this assertion, but his estimate was significantly less than what I was anticipating for replacing just the boot. The next morning the operation was performed while I spent a happy hour in the waiting room. The final bill was precisely equal to the estimate.  I wish I had discovered Gene's years ago.
1	Went to have my 03 Montero Power Steering hose replaced but had to come back because they did not tighten the clamps so the power steering fluid leaked all over. Should have known because while I was there, a lady came back and Gene's forgot to put the oil drain plug back. So she lost a lot of oil. After the power steering hose replacement, Gene gave me a wish list that my rear differential oil was leaking. But when they were done they said it was the left rear differential axle seal. It was a cheaper charge BUT when I drove away the rear differential high pitch sound was still there. Gene said minimum I'm looking at is $1200. Depending on what they see and repair like bearings etc. Really? Why not change the whole thing? So went to the junk yard and found a good one for $400 and my friend replaced it for $250.  Gene's did not even replace the left differential side seal as they claimed. They charged me $178. They did not even remove or open the differential how could they have replaced the side seal?  Plus they did not even replace the differential fluid. It's all black. They just topped it off. They did not even clean the outside of the differential.My first visit should've raised red flags. Told him I needed my hoses replaced not specifically saying power steering. So Gene replaced my radiator hoses seeing the radiator and its hoses were less than a month old. Mitsu just replaced them. Gene told me he went with what I said.  Really? I was there on good faith. He could visually check that they are new. He still charged me $313 plus $178 for engine hoses for something that did not need replacement. This power steering hose caused me $500 too. But my friend saw it today that it was the rack and pinion that's leaking not the hose.  Gene wanted to piece meal it just like the differential.  The whole rack and pinion assembly costs $400. The Differential seal was not even replaced, but he charged $178.  Overall repairs of $1200 at Gene's did not fix anything.  You've been warned.  Never again.  Semper Fi? I don't think so. I'm a Marine Vet but it didn't matter. I was still milked.
1	Just got my car back from replacing timing gasket. Then I literally found out there is a deep scratch on my front bumper, and the whole bumper is off alignment.  Gene asked to give him a call back on Monday and he will go over the camera record. They better fix the damage they have done or I will take the case to the court. After I drove home my car was over heat. I found out they drained all my coolant and forgot the refill it. And they did not tight up the oil drain plug so there is a small engine oil leak. Business is all about reputation, I will see what Gene comes up with and update the review.*update 6/9/2014After I refilled the Coolant, it all leaked out from the timing gasket area. Car has been sitting in garage since I got it back on Fri. Dropped off the car this morning and Gene determines to be their fault on the bumper damage and they will repair the overheat problem as well. Hope they do it right this time.
5	One day, my car belt was broke in the street. I called roadside and they tow me to this place. Gene told me it could be fixed the day after, and they did it. Sadly, the belt hit my ac hose cause ac leak, I have to replace one ac hose and belt. They were honest to tell me there are some wear on another hose but it works still fine. My total bill plus towing and tax comes to be $600, which is pretty decent, and I am so impressive about their speed. I definitely will go back, alright cross figure to not go back. haha.
5	We've had a great experience with Gene's and have been going to him for years. He is honest and thorough. His customers are loyal which is a great sign. Highly recommend!
5	This place is AWESOME!  I first took my car to Fletchers Auto with a leak in my tire.  Fletchers told me the leak was on the edge of the tire and unfixable.  They then tried to sell me four new tires and told me my tread was unsafe...Thankfully... I didn't believe the guy trying to sell me all these tires.  My wife had a recommendation to Gene's Auto Worx and it wasn't close to were I live but well worth it.  I took my car to Gene's and of course the hole in the tire was smack in the middle and was patched up and back on my car in 15 minutes.  They told me that my tread was perfectly fine and sent me on my way....These guys are Honest!!! How about that!!!  Nice to know there is a place where you can take your car and not get screwed!  When I do need tires....I am going to Gene's because I can now trust them!
