5	More beers in one location than I have ever seen. The Italian food, particularly the thin crust gourmet pizza, is quite good too.  But it's all about the beer here.  Guess the mystery beer and win it for free.
5	Many have said this is the best Belgian beer house in the US, and I wouldn't doubt it. It's got a huge Belgian beer menu, but it has American micro brews and other beers too - you can find Corona on the menu, but I don't know why you'd order it.Their food is pretty good too, with burgers, sandwiches, pizza, fries,  wings, meatloaf, chicken, steak, etc. I recommend their Mediterranean nachos made with pita bread. I recommend the Onion Petals instead of fries as a side.They do half off late night with a limited menu - but it's still good. You can go for the beer, but your friends who don't drink beer will still be happy with the menu. I would love to have this bar here with me in California. They turned me on to Belgian beer.
5	oh sharp edge how i  miss you and your delicious treats in liquid form. a life saver on beer sustenance day. it's what i equate pittsburgh with. absolutely NOT to be missed if you ever venture into this fair town!
5	So many imports to choose from, so little time.  I miss this place so much.  Coming here for late night drinks and appetitizers with Mark and Alisha, those were good times!
5	This place has 40+ Belgian beers alone. If you want it, you'll find it.Excellent selection and amazing value--other places charge much more and offer less. Don't ever change!I have since left the Burgh, but if I ever return, this place is one of the first spots I'd return to.
4	Get the Mediterranean nachos. Do not get the doughnuts. Don't get them even if you ask your server how they are and she confidently states "They're great!" Because they are not. They are dry and unappetizing and make a remarkably rock-like sound if one accidentally falls from your hand on to your plate. And as you chew and chew and chew, they slowly turn to paste in your mouth while sucking all the moisture from your body.Lucky for you, you can replenish all your lost saliva with a great selection of Belgian beers and a reasonable list of non-Belgians. Beers are slightly expensive ($5 for 12 oz. of Wittekerke or Okocim is a bit pricey) but I hear the Happy Hour is worth going to.
5	When I visit Pittsburgh I always come here on the first night of my arrival.  It has the most amazing selection of Belgian (as well as non-Belgian) beers outside of Brugges (not the Pittsburgh restaurant, but the city).The place is usually bustling, but I've seen it on busy nights and quiet nights, always on a Friday or Saturday.  It's best to go late for the deals.  After 10pm they serve all of their bar appetizer dishes at 1/2 off.  These dishes are absolutely delicious.  I've had just about all of them and I have to stop myself each time from totally pigging out.  My recommendation is to get the Mediterranean Nachos - chewy yet slightly crunchy pita chips with Greek-style tomatoes, cheese, olives, etc.  You also can't miss with the boneless Buffalo (chicken) bites.  Speaking of buffalo...their buffalo burger as part of the regular menu is also very tasty.  *Drools*But seriously, food is probably not what they are known for, and I don't think I would even come to this place just for the food.  People come here for the beer.  It's a samplers paradise with decent prices but truly a great range of selection that warrants a beer menu several pages long with prices ranging from $2.50 to $50+ per glass/bottle.The first thing I order is a Leffe Brun - my favorite beer.  It's like dessert to me.  After that I pick almost randomly - closing my eyes and throwing my finger down on a delicious trappist ale.  You can also get a sampler selection, which I've done, and this is probably the best way to get introduced to new flavors and varieties of beer.  I'm not a heavy drinker but it's like being a kid in a candy store here.  It's difficult to not get uber-buzzed or drunk.  Seriously.This place is a must if you're ever in the City of Bridges.----------OFF-TOPIC:  Anyone notice that the majority of the reviewers for this place are from California???  Is that odd or is it because Yelp is overwhelmed with Californians?
5	I love this place!  Since I've moved away from Pittsburgh a few years ago, I really miss it, too.  Haven't found something quite like it anywhere else.First, in my opinion this place has the best restaurant style burgers anywhere.  I think they're better than at Tessaro's.Second, this is the only place I've ever been to that besides just having a fantastic beer selection also knows how to serve each one of them in the correct way.  I grew up in Germany and am really disappointed every time I go to a restaurant here and order a good German beer and it comes in the wrong glass or way too cold.  You know, like when you order a nice Franziskaner Hefeweizen and it comes served like a Miller Lite in a pint glass with no head and a sheet of ice on top.At the Sharp Edge, they do it just like it's supposed to be served for every beer you order: right glass, right temperature, right amount of head, and they have all the best beers from all over.If you like burgers and/or good beer, you can't pass this place up.
4	3 Reasons I like the Sharp Edge1. Now Smoke Free! - yes, the Sharp Edge is now smoke free!2. Thin crust pizza. I like the crust thin and crispy. Monday nights large pizzas are $5 off3. Mugs of beer. Sometimes I just can't drink a big big beer. I like that I can order a mug of beer here. Never fear, you can also order big and big big beers here.
4	Probably one of my favorite places. We'll go bullets on this one:- Huge selection of beer- You can order a hamburger with buffalo or ostrich meat.  Enough said there. - Buffalo bites are a great thing- Tons of different kinds of beerOnly downside:- You can drop a lot of money here without really trying.  Most of the time in Pittsburgh restaurants, I am usually surprised by how cheap Pittsburgh restaurants are. The Sharp Edge charges Chicago prices in a Pittsburgh zip code depending what you order
3	The Sharp Edge is like any other bar.  If all bars had more than 35 Belgian Beers on tap.  The beers were good if not a little pricey, but where else can I get Tetley's on nitrogen?  I heartily recommend the Abbey Burger, which is half veal and half sirloin.  And while the idea of eating baby calf is sometimes a little hard, this place makes a mean baby calf.  Also had the Buffalo Bites, on the hot setting.  These bitches were hot.  Like my tongue stopped working hot.  Perhaps this was a way to sell more beer.  It worked.  However the place closed at 10 on Sunday.  And that's not cool.  What if I want to throw caution and my career to the wind and drink up a storm the night before work?  Minus some stars for that.
5	Sharp Edge was one of my favorite bars when I lived in Pittsburgh. The beer selection is impressive. The location is what makes Sharp Edge more than just another beers-of-the-world drinking establishment. It is in an older part of town that is primarily residential. If you live nearby it is heaven. Even if not, it is a really cozy place to go with a group of friends.
5	I'm a Chicagoan. there's lots of great beer bars here. And then I stepped into Sharp Edge.  -Beergasm-Now I really really love coming to Pittsburgh to visit family.  I crave Sharp Edge and its ambiance.
5	My favorite beer place in the east coast. OK, I haven't tried that many Belgian beer places in other cities except one place in Toronto. But regardless, this place is a hidden gem, hidden because it's out in the middle of a residential area, and gem because it has such a great selection of beer. Belgians on tap are half-off during happy hours, which is clutch. They also have an extensive list of other imported beers as well. The food is also excellent - the individual pizzas are half-off along with the tap beers, so it's a good combo. I remember having some buffalo wings and they were meaty, soft, and flavorful. I miss this place so much because I'm done with school and moved out to the west coast. This is one of the only three places I miss from Pittsburgh.
4	Really REALLY good thin crust pizza. I think I may go here more for the pizza than for the beer, though the beer selection is pretty impressive. Also a good place for a game of darts, pinball, or late night drinks and conversation (and check out the half off menu after 10pm).
5	Oooooh, once again you hit me in the sweet spot, Sharp Edge!  This time I had a chance not once but twice to try many of your beers AND the food.  Buffalo bites:  Wow, talk about hitting the spot during a late night bender.Green pesto pizza with tomatoes and mushrooms for lunch the next day:  Also a great item to ingest.  Once again, I'm sad there is no Sharp Edge in Chicago.
3	Top notch beer selection, and they get points for usually having one or two selections on cask.  I recognize that many of these beers are legitimately expensive, but it seems like they use their high-end, expensive selection of beers to inflate the prices of less expensive beers.The food is decent.  Definitely more creative than most bars, and with a reasonable selection.  Also, it's usually well executed.  The food prices, however, are terrible.  Their menu consists primarily of burgers, paninis, sandwiches and pizzas.  Such things have to be fairly amazing to justify the prices they charge, and they fall well below that threshold.At this point, if it's not during Belgian happy hour, I don't really think it's worth going.  Sure, it'll always be a great place to take out-of-towners, but there are enough places in Pittsburgh with decent beer and better prices that I don't foresee The Edge falling into my regular bar/restaurant rotation ever again.
4	Best bar for a wide selection of beer in Pittsburgh, and a strong claim to "Best Belgian Beer Bar in the USA".  Good bar food, on the pricey side.  When they're busy, the service is slow.  Actually, when they have more than a small handful of folks in the building, the service is slow.  That said, it beats the hell out of the Brickskellar (similar bar, in DC) on speed of service, food quality, and variety of beer available.
3	I was sitting at the bar one day years ago having a Belhaven scottish ale with a beautiful friend.  The Spinning Plate, my home at the time, is across the street so we walked over for a pint.  After having a beer or two, an older local looked over at the two of us and asked, " Are you two -  IN LLOVVEEE?"  Not wanting to offend the drunk, my friend said, "  No, we're IN LIKE!  I am IN LIKE with the sharp edge!  The selection of imported beer, decent bar food, good friends, sports on the TV's and all of it a stone's throw ( many times I thought of throwing stones at the loud drunks from my bedroom window) from my previous abode.  Worth a stop if your in the East End.
4	I have only been to Sharp Edge for late night, and will review it accordingly.I first started going to Sharp Edge two years ago.  Back then we would order the entire late night menu (which runs from 10 PM - 12 AM) from Buffalo Bites and wings to Mediterranean Nachos and their Pomme Frites.  They no longer have wings (which were my favorite), but they still have quite a large selection of bar food.They also have a large expansive drink menu.  The only downfall is their service can be on the slow side even if the restaurant isn't busy.Highly recommended.
3	The beer selection is OUTSTANDING.  I've only eaten here once, but the appetizers left a lot to be desired (guac from a mix, very greasy).  A bit on the pricey side but where else can you get such a selection on draft?
4	Great beer, good food, somewhat pricey. We've had good service there, and no serious complaints. A place well worth visiting at least once.We really like the pommes frites and Belgian croquettes, and the Flemish onion soup.
4	First things first, no one has yet reviewed Sharp Edge for the Belgian Beer Festival in June!  110 different beers over 3 drunken hours.  If you're a poster saying you don't like Belgians...come to this festival and be prepared to change your mind.  That being said, the interior of the place isn't bad but I wouldn't call it a hidden gem inside.  Lots of taps, lots of bottles, but a bit on the expensive side, except for the Happy Hour & regular specials.  If someone knows the daily specials list, post it...I haven't been there in a while.  The pizza is great!  My biggest gripe about Sharp Edge is the service.  There is one waitress that is absolutely terrible.  I would say I caught her on a bad day, but I've had her 3 times and she's been bad every time.  If she were let go, I would give the Sharp Edge 5 stars...
2	Gigantic beer selection, but the place tends to be extremely crowded and noisy. Food is just so-so and somewhat pricey considering. Overall, it's an okay place to go but nothing exciting.
4	We rock this place at least twice a month.  Their happy hour leaves us buzzed (from just 1 or 2 high octane belgians).  The food is sometimes lacking and a bit expensive, but the burgers are pretty tasty.  Honestly, the best deal is 1/2 price happy hour belgian brews and their cheapo pizzas.  Garlic and cheese, please.
4	Great beer selection, especially Belgian beer. I've had better experience with the wait staff than some other reviewers. The food is only okay, but the happy hour is definitely worth it.
2	Way too expensive for the type of food they serve. Even the domestic micros are at least a dollar more expensive per pint than just about anywhere else in Pittsburgh. Do yourself a favor and take your dollars elsewhere where they will go much farther.
5	I love this place ... easily the best beer selection in Pittsburgh.  The food is fantastic (much better than your average bar food).  The staff is typically very knowledgable and able to help you in picking a beer if you need help.  Very friendly environment and an all-around great place to relax with friends.
4	First bar stop once I got into Pittsburgh - Beer Emporium!!! They have a decent selection of Belgian beers on tap and more in bottles as well as American microbrews. We got two samplers and had the bartender  help us out with choices. I also got the buffalo bites in cajun sauce with blue cheese dip - they were kinda average, pub-food fare. The Creme Brulee Stout was interesting, very sweet and smelled like butterscotch. The rest of the beer was a big blur, I was overwhelmed with all the different types we got. Next time I'm sticking to one kind at a time.The atmosphere is less than I expected, I had visions of Monk's Kettle-esque bar and this is more of an old American pub, leather and wood, simple. The bar doesn't have coat hooks, boo!They have a great happy hour after 10pm on weekdays, the food menu is half-price and they twitter what new beers they get and what's being replaced.
2	I enjoy going out to tastings, but I was unimpressed by Sharp Edge. It had gotten great reviews, so I was excited about the selection. But it disappointed me, it was an average selection, and the beers were also average. For the price of tasting it was a tad high, but not astronomical, but for what you are drinking, in my opinion, not worth it. I prefer more of a selection. The bartender was nice and seating was easy to get, but I don't know if I'd go back of my own volition.
5	I'm no beer connoisseur, but the Sharp Edge has a great (imported) selection. I really like their seasonals, for which I recommend the tasting sampler. The food is really delicious, and is primarily Belgian in style. I don't love their pizza, but everything else I have tasted has been great. The burgers, especially, are top-notch, and I like the buffalo bites (aka "meat candy"). I also like the Mediterranean nachos and the fried fish--it's very authentically pub-like. The service here is decent and friendly. It's often crowded, but most people are pleasant and well-behaved. The restaurant itself is kind of dark and the decor is in need of an update. But everything else more than makes up for this.
4	Some of the best beer in Pittsburgh.  The beer festival they have every summer is great....I try to make it back to Pittsburgh for it.
4	I went to the Sharp Edge Brasserie in Canonsburg, but I assume that all the locations are somewhat similar.  The beer selection was impressive, especially the belgian list, and the prices were reasonable.  The food was also good - I ordered the roast beef panini.  I'm not sure what the difference between the regular fries and pomme frites was, but I don't think one was necessarily better than the other.  The pomme frites were just more rectangular in shape.  The restaurant also had a number of TVs so I think it would be a good place to watch a sporting event.  I would definitely recommend the Sharp Edge if you are looking for a new beer and good food.
4	I'm pissed that I didn't realize it was a serious beer bar until after I had already ordered my perfectly fine but unextraordinary blue moon, and that I was driving so I didn't get to try any of the other awesome looking options.  I'm also pissed that I ate dinner before I went and didn't get any of the huge pile of tomato, garlic, and feta pizza that was shared around me.  So I guess that this is more a review of me being an idiot than of sharp edge.  I guess I'll have to go back and try to not be my own worst enemy for a change!
4	Great beer. Good service. Nuff said.
3	I've been there 5-6 times now, and my opinion's not changed: lots of potential, but they fall short.  Beer selection's good, but I noticed they don't have Saison DuPont.  I'm used to not being able to find some obscure Trappist ales, but I sort of thought DuPont was a standard Belgian ale.  Kinda surprised they don't have more English ales, too.  Most folks that I know who like Belgians like the stronger flavors and strength of some of the English ales.  (Seriously, people: stop raving about their selection.  Every Belgian bar has a big selection, but these guys only have the really big Belgians - nothing on their beer list is remotely hard-to-find.)Still can't get over the decor, either.  It tends toward the slightly shabby, junky atmosphere you'd expect at a normal dive bar here.  I rarely pay much attention to atmosphere in restaurants, but I want my beer bars to look like old European pubs.  (I think Brick Store in Atlanta has really spoiled me, though.)  Regardless, being one of the best places for beer in Pittsburgh doesn't exactly rate 4 or 5 stars.  A good beer list compared to other bars (bad compared to Belgian bars) doesn't make up for terrible service and a tacky, shabby location.
4	I don't like beer. I have to start off with that. That said, I LOVE this place for food, especially with my beer-lovin' friends. I'm a huge fan of their Cheddar-beer soup, but I've yet to have anything here I didn't like. It can get a little loud during dinner, so if you want a more intimate quiet experience I suggest going for lunch. It's definitely warm and cozy and pub-y  in atmosphere and that's rather fun.
5	i cant visit pittsburgh without dropping by sharp edge.  a few times.  a day.  ive probably been a dozen times and have yet to try a quarter of their delicious, delicious beer list.  when driving across the country, i go out of my way to stop in pittsburgh.  yeah, i said it.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better" is exactly right. It's cool that there is a bar which serves Belgians and unique beers in Pittsburgh, but they've got a few hurtles they need to overcome. First and foremost - the decor. It was like some weird combination between Cheers, Denny's and an O'Charley's. Sort of campy, sort of 70s, sort of tacky. I'd like them to at least remodel and bring it into the 21st century.Second, the service. Our server was  little stand off-ish, as though she didn't seem like she actually wanted to be there. Also, for last call on a Wednesday night (which is midnight, I guess) she came by at 11:55, asked if we wanted to order another beer, which we declined because we each had half a glass left. At 12:01, they turned on all the lights, started sweeping up, and pretty much shoo'd us out of there. Granted, it was the night before Thanksgiving, but there were a fair number of people there and they pretty much kicked us out on the curb. Not something I'm used to.Lastly, I wish the food matched the beers a little more. They have your typical over-fried bar food, which makes sense if you're drinking a PBR. But when you're throwing down $6 or $8 for a beer, I for one would like something a little less greasy and a little more complex then fries and whatnot.I get the feeling they're stuck between being a campy dive bar, like lots of others in Pittsburgh, and a legit beer-drinkers bar like in other big cities. Please, Sharp Edge, just get off the fence and try a little harder.
4	I went there for the first time this week and know that I will definitely be returning many times.  Largest selection of Belgian beers on tap in Pittsburgh, and plenty other beers if that's not your style.I went for Happy Hour (4:30-6:30 on weekdays) with a few friends.  Not crowded, we were seated immediately.  Because it's not in close walking distance from any colleges, the place was not full of college students, which is a relaxing change of pace.The food is excellent, especially for a bar.  There is a keen fixation on garlic, but there are plenty of other delectable items if that's not your style.  Highly recommended: the Mediterranean nachos, Buffalo Bites.  There is even a $0.40 special on Buffalo Bites on Tuesday nights.Wait staff is nice and prompt.This is an excellent establishment and would be 5/5 stars if it was in a more convenient location for me.  But it is accessible by bus and there is parking.
2	This place has a great beer selection, especially Belgians but it's a bit pricey compared to other high-end beer joints I've visited.The food is...forgettable at best.  I had a buffalo chicken salad.  Not spicy at all, no buffalo sauce anywhere, basically iceberg lettuce and black olives with soggy fries on top.  Ugh.  The husband enjoyed his mediterranean chicken pita thing and gets a kick out of drinking Czech lager.High point of the night: I ordered the "mystery brew" which was a lovely, reddish-brown hoppy concoction this week.  Wish I could tell you what it was!
5	The BEST happy hour in the 'Burgh, hands down.  One of my favorite places around, I've been here so many times, and it never gets old.  The Belgian beer draft selection is unmatched in the city, and the selection of other beers is spectacular as well.  Plus, you're looking at half off Belgian drafts, 40 cent buffalo bites, and 4.50 pesto pizzas during 4:30-6:30 on weekdays.  Food here is good.  Definitely not spectacular, but totally passable.  It's a great accompaniment to the beer.  If you're looking for fine dining, I'd look elsewhere.  However, you do get decent portions for your money.  Service is spotty.  I usually end up coming in with a big party, so that may skew my experience.  The wait staff is fairly knowledgeable about beer, and there are a few of them who are real reservoirs of knowledge about the drinks they serve.  That said, they can be painfully slow at times, especially during happy hour when they're slammed.  The decor is pretty nondescript and doesn't distract.However, those few minor negatives can't stop me from giving out a 5-star rating.  Anyone who comes here comes for the beer.  And your desires won't go unfulfilled.  You get a great menu, organized by country of origin.  Prices for Belgians are in the 7-12 dollar range, for generous pours served in brand- and type-specific glassware.  A little high, but you get what you pay for...and remember, it's half off during happy hour!  Overall, I'd suggest this place to anyone in search of a good beer.  Just be careful...if you haven't had a lot of Belgians before, they pack a punch!
3	I really want to write two reviews for Sharp Edge: one for the fantastic beer selection and one for the totally average food--a division that other reviewers have mentioned and that I'll echo here. We didn't make it for happy hour, but even so the prices for the vast types of Belgian beers were reasonable. Happy hour would bring these into crazy cheap range. The menu seemed scattered--part faux-Belgian and part Pittsburgh burger joint--and our food was tasty, though salty and heavily seasoned. Next time, I'll come for beers and grab a meal somewhere else after.
4	The beer was great. The belgians are each served in special glasses. One of mine had a pointy bottom and had to be set in a carved wooden box otherwise it would tip over.  I loved everything I tried that night, and they gave me a generous taste of one I was interested in. The food was just bar food but we were too busy rootin' for the pens game. Service was great.
4	nice selection, but a little overpriced.
2	I've been to several of the Sharp Edge locations and they all offer a similar experience.  They bring and excellent selection of beer to the Pittsburgh area (especially Belgians since that's their specialty) which is always a good thing.  Their decor is typical bar material and the food is half decent but the beer is great.However, this comes with a HUGE price tag.  Although beer in Allegheny county in general is very high, Sharp Edge takes it to a whole new level.  Pittsburghers aren't necessarily accustomed to Belgian imports, and it seems that they take advantage of this by charging astronomical prices for drafts and bottles.  For example, I've seen a 12 oz. bottle of Achel for $15 bucks!  I've got the same bottle for $3 bucks at a Total Wine in Virginia.  I also believe I've seen Chimay around $10 bucks for a draft as well.  You can pick up a bomber of Chimay in nearly any Whole Foods outside of the state for less than $10 bucks.  Even though it IS a trappist beer, it's widely available and the prices for it are a fraction to what Sharp Edge is charging.I commend Sharp Edge for bringing great Belgian beer to the attention of the Pittsburgh area.  However, at the same time I loathe the fact they're basically exploiting people's lack of beer (and beer price) knowledge.  Come here for great beer, but don't think you're getting a good bargain.
3	I give the sharp edge 3 stars despite the fact that I used to go on a weekly basis when I lived in Pittsburgh. The beer selection and atmosphere are ideal for a group, but the food is pretty average. The boneless wings are decent, but they are just fried chicken. The salads are meh, and I'd totally skip the paninis. Go with a simple burger and frites and I'd up the review to a 4.Overall, it's a good place for groups who want to just hang out. The beer selection is tops, but despite the varied menu, the food is pretty average.
3	Very wide beer selection, including many imports on tap, decent bar food and a very relaxed bar-like atmosphere. Many Belgian beers to select from, though not my favorite from when I lived there (Westmalle). Good pizza with a very thin crust. Their salads are pretty weak. A good place to take the buddies for new beers and bar food.
3	Yes! This is a fantastic bar! Our bartender was awesome & very knowledgeable about beer, the food was good, and they have a great variety of beer. Very nice, relaxed setting. If you're debating where to go, go here.... Since my first review I've been back twice.  Both times the services was really really bad.  This makes me sad, but I've crossed them off my list; service is too hit or miss.
5	This is a bold statement, but, Sharp Edge is my favorite bar I have ever been to. My husband and I were regular Friday-happy hour-goers here when I was in nursing school in Pittsburgh (we lived a 5 minute walk away, which was also helpful).  The beer selection was amazing, and at 1/2 price Belgian drafts and pizzas for weekday happy hour, you cannot go wrong.  I have lived all over the world and haven't found a bar quite like Sharp Edge yet.  I guess I'll eventually have to move back to the 'Burgh....
2	Meh...my opinion's waned.  Sharp Edge is what you'd get if a Pittsburgher tried to do a Belgian bar: half-assed, tacky, a little dirty, and overpriced.  Wait!  That's exactly what Sharp Edge is!  It looks like the love child of a Denny's and a nasty yinzer bar.Weak beer selection.  Let me explain this, because a lot of people have commented on their "great beer selection": compared to the average bar, Sharp Edge has a great beer selection, but Sharp Edge also purports to be a Belgian bar, and they have a very poor selection compared to other Belgian bars.  They don't serve anything that you couldn't find an average liquor store in the rest of the country.  No one would rave about the selection in a wine bar if they only served what you'd find in a small PLCB shop, so why do it with beer?By the way, serving the beer in "special glasses" is the standard in Belgian bars.  This is like raving about finding Guinness on tap in an Irish bar.
5	If you like Belgian beer....go here!! Don't go here and order a Coors or Miller Lite, they have it, but don't. Had the Belgian burger...awesome! Frittes..okay. Service....great!! Go during happy hour to save some money.
4	What's not to like about the Sharp Edge Beer Emporium in East Liberty except perhaps for the prices. If you've ever been to the Sharp Edge you know that its beer selection is incredible. Specifically the Belgium Beer selection is unmatched in the city. Though I only took an estimate I counted nearly 40 beers on tap, half of which were authentic Belgian Brews. Now to be honest I'm not a huge Belgian fan--there are a few I thoroughly enjoy, but I find many to be slightly overrated. (Belgian beer lovers can go ahead and crucify me.) What I did enjoy was the selection of American IPA's on tap. Racer 5 made by Bear Republic Brewery was even on draft which is quite rare to see in this part of the country.Back to the prices I mentioned in my first sentence above; they are expensive so be prepared to pull out the plastic if you plan on staying for more than one drink. The Belgian Beers range between $6 and $11 per pint while the craft beers range from about $4 to $10. Though I think the Sharp Edge gouges you a bit with their prices you really can find pretty much any beer you are looking for. If it isn't on their tap selection the beer you are looking for is undoubtedly in their bottle selection.The staff at the Sharp Edge is great. The bartenders are quick, even during the early evenings when strings of business men and yuppies from Shadyside stop in for a few after work brews. The staff is quite knowledgeable too, I had a question about one of the Belgian beers that the bartender couldn't answer but she was quick to get a manager (this man knew more about beers and the brewing process then anyone I have ever spoken to) to answer my question.The atmosphere is unpretentious and cozy, but at crowded times the bar area can feel a bit suffocating. Two huge flat screen HD TV's are hung above either end of the bar which makes for a nice spot to watch a game. I particularly liked how the Sharp Edge is tucked neatly into a quiet residential corner between Friendship and East Liberty. If you aren't looking for it you might very well pass by without even realize there is a bar sitting there.
5	Best beer selection anywhere! Food is amazing. Great happy hour.If you are a beer snob, this is your place. Huge selection of Belgians on draft. Huge bottle selection. Just be careful when drinking GOOD beer, it is often much stronger than what you may be used to.The price is high. For the high end Belgians you are looking at about $10 a beer. It is pretty standard for this type of beer and there are cheaper choices obviously.The cost is eased by their amazing happy hour, weekdays 4:30-6:30 when Belgians are half price and other drafts are a dollar off. The buffalo bites are something like $0.45 each and very tasty!
2	I was just having a debate with a friend about good food versus bad service. Do you go back to a place if it has lousy service but fantastic food? Or in the is case, good food and a monstrous beer selection! So lets set the scene.  I'm waiting at the host stand and watching as people that looked as if they worked there whizz by. No acknowledgment, no "hey, we'll be with you in a sec." Nothing, nada, zip. About 15 minutes went by ...FINALLY, someone came up and sat us. So not a good way to start an eating and beerfest Annnnd then our "less than interested in anything remotely serving related" server came up to us after about 10 minutes. I asked about the lager choices and he muttered something about not having any lager choices. No lager choices at a beer emporium? Say what!? Liar! I ended up choosing a beer he mumbled about that was a carmel something something beer. I wish I could have heard what the name was, but there was no way I was going to actually talk with our server. Boo! Our order took forever to come out, even though everyone ordered sandwiches. I was so ravished and probably a little buzzed by the time my food came that I inhaled it! I remember it being pretty good though, so that was the one plus! Chicken and Cranberry Salad Sandwich is a good choice!! The one thing that's funny is that when you have bad service, the check always magically appears, and FAST! So I'd say in the great debate, even if the food is really good, what you remember at the end is the craptacular service and not the amazing food. Restaurants beware, you don't mess with a hungry girl!
3	Three stars comes from the following--it's a two-star "Belgian" bar--food is not that good, honestly, and the decor is pretty much standard Pittsburgh bar fare; however it's a four-star neighborhood bar.  Great people hanging out around the bar, never fail to get in to an interesting conversation or meet someone new there, beer selection is excellent.  The bartenders are all cool and knowledgeable of the different beers.  Great place to hang out.
4	This is a great neighborhood hang-out spot that features a huge selection of beer. There are several huge flat screen TV's that are perfect for watching the game. Service is friendly. Food is classic bar fare that goes well with the beer. Even though the place can get busy, you will always find a seat. Good place to try out.
4	I've gone once during happy hour for a beer, it was good, and since it wasn't crowded the service was decent but I will echo that if you sit behind the giant taps, you probably won't get good service since the bar tenders can't see you.The atmosphere seemed nice, there are a couple large TVs behind the bar, all of them were on sports channels. The bar is long and covered in beer taps. They also use the correct glassware for most of the beer they have which I thought was neat.I counted 52 taps, and if I recall correctly it is half off belgians 5-7, and half off all US micros on wednesday(all day).. I'll admit though, if you were to come off of happy hour, it is quite a pricy place. I'll have to try the food next time I'm around.
2	I am really surprised to see that this place has a "4-Star" average. Perhaps that speaks to the expectations of the wonderful people of Pittsburgh. Who knows. As far as it being a premium beer and burger joint, it was just "Meh, I've experienced much better for me." I arrived to downtown Pittsburgh on a Sunday evening  and it was DEAD. Tried to go out and get something to eat around 9:30p, and ended up Sharp Edge as everything else was closed down. I sat at the bar and was served by Scott, very aloof, unfriendly and he poured very weak cocktails. Not good. I ordered the bacon burger with cheese and sweet potato fries and it took about 40 minutes. Trust me, I am willing to wait for something worth waiting for but this meal was very average. I must say that the bun was fresh and toasted nicely, it had a great texture but everything else was pretty run of the mill. The fries were nothing special - just your standard sweet potato fries. Overall, not a great first "Pittsburgh" experience. We're headed to Tonic Grill or something like that -- hopefully it is a better representation of what Pittsburgh has to offer. Headed to Primanti Brothers tomorrow for their "world famous" sandwiches. I am actually excited about that trip as it was featured on Man vs Food. I'll be sure to YELP about both experiences!
3	The beers are very expensive but great, staff is nice and it is a good place to hang out but the food is just fair.  I had the worst Reuben ever- somehow they forgot the Rye bread.  I would stick to the wings and burgers- although the Worst and cheese plate was good -I can not give the chef any additional stars for ordering good cheese.  I also give the fries an average rating- for a Belgium themed menu they should be better.  Over all we were shocked by the bill for a corner pub but we had fun and I would go back but with lower expectations.
4	This may be one of the best beer places in the 'burgh.  The selection is huge, the prices meh, but I'm willing to pay more for a good selection, and if you want to swill Miller lite, well, they have that too.  The food is excellent, specials change monthly, there is ALWAYS a mussels dish, and I LOOOVE mussels!  The could stand to expand their vegetarian selection, only a couple of dishes will appeal to veggies, and Vegans may be S.O.L.Parking is problematic.  They have a very small lot, street parking is also sparse.  If you can bike, bus or walk, do so.
4	Great place, great service, excellent beer selection.I meet with a bimonthly discussion group here and they've always treated us well.As a vegetarian, their regular selection is quite limited, but the dishes they do have are very tasty. And they have monthly specials that sometimes include good veggie dishes. (The potato pancakes during Oktoberfest are outstanding!)According to my group, the hot wings are excellent - at least two attendees regularly order those. One woman loves their thin crust pizza. And I can personally vouch for the Mediterranean Veggie panini and quesadilla,  sweet potato fries and cole slaw.They do a "mystery beer" every day, btw, and one member of the group said she always likes what they give her.I'm a big fan of the sampler - you can choose four nice sized micro-brews and/or imports or four Belgian beers. Or you can say "surprise me" and they'll pick out a selection for you.We've been going to the Sharp Edge for close to two years now and, so far, have no plans to switch our meeting place.
2	Bar wasn't busy and service wasn't great. I don't even remember the food that I ate.Beer was half-assed Belgium and also overpricedbut I must admit that the Mystery beer was nice.
3	3.5 rounding down I looooove me some Belgian brew and there is no better place to indulge than The Sharp Edge. A great tap and bottle selection sure to tickle everyone's fancy - light, dark, white, pale, lambic, hoppy, spicy, fruity...I can go on, but I digress. TSE doesn't stop at drinks, they serve food as well. On our most recent trip, JB and I started off with the Mediterranean nachos - creamy spinach artichoke dip, tomatoes, black olives and melted cheeses top off thick pita chips that are soft and chewy in the middle (without being a soggy mess) and fried crispy around the edges for great texture. The nachos may lean towards the greasy side at times and they would also be 5 star worthy if kalamata olives were used instead of run-of-the-mill black...regardless, they remain consistently delicious despite these small areas of concern. For dinner I ordered the portabello panini on foccacia with pomme frites. The "foccacia" turned out to be nothing more than sliced white bread with the crust cut off and the frites are just fresh cut french fries. I highly doubt they use the double fry method because the potato sticks lack that extra crispy exterior and soft interior. I also suspect they use veggie oil instead of animal fat to fry them in so they really shouldn't call them frites. JB had the Belgian burger with onion petals. The petals seemed to be frozen and fried but he was overly satisfied with the burger - lamb, bacon and gouda...sounds like a lovely combination even to me. TSE also has a fabulous happy hour - 1/2 off Belgian drafts...yes please! and $1 off bottles. The selection, as I mentioned before is amazing. Our waitress was sufficient, coming around when needed and not overbearing. If TSE could master all their dishes, not just what they're known for, this would be a 5 star establishment. Too bad it seems like they focus too much on the apps and Belgian/Mediterranean items...I know that's their specialty but if you're going to offer other options you better put the same amount of love into them.
4	Do you love Belgian beer?  Do you love spending money?The Sharp Edge is for you!Alright, enough being cheeky.  Yes, the prices are high.  But then again I don't go to the Sharp Edge to get wasted on cheap beer.  I'm not 21.  For my friends and I, it is a nice treat to go to happy hour and indulge in some half-price Belgian drafts.  Half price = affordable!  Yippee!!They have food specials during Happy Hour as well -- the pizza is quite tasty and we are big fans of the "bites," little boneless chicken pieces that have been breaded, fried, and tossed in your choice of sauces.  Hubby likes the Buffalo Blu best, I really like the Spicy Barbeque and the Jerk is quite yummy too.  I've also had the sweet potato fries a time or two and they always come out crisp and warm and sweet with just the right amount of coarse salt.If you're feeling adventurous try a Mystery Brew -- the price is marked down but you don't know what you'll get until they bring it to you.  At some point each week they announce what the previous brew was.The atmosphere is about what you would expect for an upscale bar-type place -- not too crowded, quieter than a dive, low lighting.  And as a non-smoker (while I don't begrudge anyone smoking in a bar where it is allowed), it is nice to have a drink without smelling like I chain smoked a pack when I get home. For the most part the staff is friendly although we have had one or two iffy waiters -- not mean, but just not really outgoing.  The best ones will come by about 5 minutes before the end of Happy Hour and ask if you want one more round before the prices go back up.  :-)
4	The overall feel of the reviews here are pretty on point. The reason to go is for the beer selection, the best time to go is for happy hour, it seems a bit too pricey for my taste otherwise. The food is overall pretty average, the appetisers seem better to me than any of the entrees that I have tried. My best suggestion is to ignore any of the things that it is trying to be, it is not a particularly great restaurant but it is an awesome bar for the beer lover, and the appetisers are definitely adequate for an accompaniment to the beer.
4	From my 21 check-ins, you can probably tell that I've been here quite a bit since my last visit - so I figured it was time to update this review to let people in on all I know about this place. As I tell people at the elite events, many times over apparently, I live literally "this close" to the sharp edge, so I go fairly often - at least once a week. Sharp Edge recently underwent a makeover - Enter and you're greeted with a large L-shaped bar, a sectioned off seating area to the right, and a large expansion in the back which is also seating. It can get crowded at times, but if you're only two-people deep you can pretty much walk in whenever.First thing's first: Sharp Edge is expensive for what it is. Beers here are definitely on the high end($5+ is the minimum, $8-11 is the upper end) and the food is generally over $10. While I think the beer can be worth it, especially if you make educated beer decisions(Hint: That $6 Magic Hat probably isn't on the 'good-buy' list) - the food leaves to be desired for what you're spending. I've found the service to be spotty at worst, good at best. The bar has great service when they get around to you, and to an extent same with the servers - but it seems slightly inconsistent that some servers are a cut above the others.Something magical happens to Sharp Edge a few times a week that catapults this place into Pittsburgh's best spots. Every night after 10pm, Sharp Edge has a late-night menu where many appetizers are half off, including large pizzas and some other times. That means that you can get their amazing Mediterranean nachos(seriously, these are worth it) for about $5, a large pizza for $6, 'frites' for $3.50, and what I just learned tonight, the $0.45 boneless wing bites also come in a tofu version.. That's right vegetarians, nearly the entire late-night specials menu has at least a vegetarian option. Can't go without the chicken? They choose natural stuff from Ohio.As if the food deals weren't enough to entice you, every wednesday all day, all craft beers are half off(Bringing them down to about $3-$4 each). Can't make it in on a Wednesday, you say? Why not stop in for happy hour - Half off belgians make them cheap by comparison($4-5 each). Unfortunately, they do their happy hour a half hour early - 4:30-6:30. If that's too early for you, stop in any time and enjoy their Mystery Draft. This is one of my favorite things about this place - a beer that you order without knowing what it is. At only $3.50, it's the cheapest on the menu - usually something good too. How do you know what it is? Come in after the keg is kicked and they'll write down the last one on a chalk-board. For example, the last Mystery Beer was a Peak Organic IPA.This place can get crowded, but if you're brave enough to come during a Steelers game they also have specials for that. The mystery drafts go down to $0.86 each if Hines Ward scores, along with a handful of other deals.All in all, Sharp Edge excels if you know when to come. I find myself in here almost every wednesday, at least, but sometimes more. If you come thursday at 7:30, be prepared to be underwhelmed, but the Sharp Edge is a great neighborhood bar with an excellent and often-changing beer selection that you can come out ahead at if you plan it right.
3	Big spendin' beer snobs, welcome!Of all the Sharp Edge locations throughout the area, this is by far the best in regards to service, selection, and since its recent facelift, atmosphere.  The neighborhood bar style and the half off craft drafts on Wednesday nights keep me coming back on the regular...(or it may just be the alcoholism)...Though, regardless of those reasons, I feel this place may be resting a little too high on their laurels when it comes to thinking it's the "only" place in Pittsburgh (city limits) to offer such a variety of Belgian, imports, and domestic micro brews; and, as for the food menu, let's just say it lacks the 'gourmet' quality for which the prices call.All in all, +3 stars for the happy/late night hour specials; -2 stars for so much potential wasted on greedy prices.
4	99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer, you take one down pass it around, 100 bottles of beer on the wall.An extensive collection of bottled beers as well as draft. The place has a good vibe. The new bar area is great.They had carlsberg on tap during the world cup last year (I wish they'd bring that back :( )The late night food menu is great. Who doesn't love a sub 7 dollar large pesto pizza. The lazy man wings (the bites as the call it) are really good, especially for 45 cents a piece. The double dipper (the bier cheese and spinach artichoke dip, or the avacado salsa) is good.Mystery beer is a good idea. For 3 bucks, you don't know what beer you're drinking but you're drinking a beer. (I have had an unlucky experience with this just once, but every other time, I haven't mind spending that 3 bucks for a random beer).All in all a fun little place. It does not have the complete bar vibe, which I don't mind from time to time. You can catch a game here if you'd like too, they have a lot of TVs.
1	They have a great selection of both food items and beers.  Unfortunately, the food items aren't at all good, and the beer is on the pricey side.Specifics: I had some unnecessarily soggy french fries, followed by a wrap surprisingly devoid of contents.  I was left hungry and feeling a little ripped off.  The person to my right ordered some buffalo chicken bites (like boneless wings).  They were served to her cold, and when she told the waiter, he took them back to the kitchen and brought them out just as cold but with more hot sauce on it (he might have told the chef "make it hotter"?).  Dessert was also overpriced, and didn't match the description on the menu.That said, the staff was friendly and they do have quite a good selection, so it might be a decent option in a large group of picky eaters or drinkers.
4	After walking by Sharp Edge Beer Emporium a few times while trying to find a bar, a few friends and I were finally drawn in by their gigantic wall of beer, which is anything but misleading. This place really does have an insane selection of beer, both on tap, and by the bottle, domestic and imported. In fact, there is so much to choose from, it can really be a bit overwhelming. After looking over the menu for a few minutes, I was approached by one of the bartenders who politely asked if there was anything he could help me find. Being from out of town, I really wanted to get something here that I wouldn't be able to order at home. That being said, he was kind of enough to point out some of the locally brewed beers and pointed out some of his personal favorites as well. Taking his advice, I ordered a few different drinks, and thoroughly enjoyed each one of them.Although I cannot speak to the quality of their food, I would definitely recommend Sharp Edge Beer Emporium to anybody looking for a nice spot downtown to hang out and have a few drinks. The employees are friendly, the space is clean and open, and the atmosphere is overall very chilled out. Make sure you bring your wallet though, some of the rarer beers can get quite expensive!
4	I hate almost every type of beer. That being said, my boyfriend absolutely loves beer. Sharp Edge has the best of both worlds--- a great beer menu for him, and great food for me. Their burgers are absolutely amazing-- I'm a big fan of the ostrich burger. The atmosphere is wonderful for gathering with friends after work, and even though their beer can get pricey-- happy hour is a nice way to try the more pricey beers for less. The only thing keeping me from giving it five stars is the slow service. However, that being said, the food and beer is worth the wait.
3	so this place is pretty cool. (and even cooler for me because i can walk there!) the food is good but a little pricier than it's actually worth. however, they do have some really innovative things on the menu that i'm still itching to try. beer-wise this place is really cool. they have a huge selection of beers both on tap and bottles. if you're a beer lover, this place is for you... if you're just a beer liker, it can be a bit overwhelming. all and all, good place to go if you have a little extra cash and/or want to try some new beer but not somewhere to go all the time.
4	Great food, excellent beer selection, typical bar/attached restaurant atmosphere, good service.
4	Good food (especially the varied burger selection), they have vegetarian options and a great selection of beer! Staff has always been nice and checks with customers a decent number of times during the meal about beverage refills.
5	So a little secret: Sharp Edge was where I had my first Belgian.Ever. If I recall, it was a Leffe Blonde.I discovered this little place with my buddies in college, and we were instant fans the moment we sipped our first beers and had our first bites of the boneless wings from the late night menu. Sharp Edge is a true pub - you're not going to get glamorous service or ambiance, nor are you going to get gourmet tableware or food for that matter. However, the range and quality of both the beers and food at this establishment make it an irresistible must-go every time I'm back in Pitts. So many great memories here.First, the selection of beers on tap is generally large, especially taking in the fact that they are basically all Belgian styles. They've also got a rotating Mystery Brew, which is  less than $4 a pint, and is a high quality draft of undisclosed origin (they reveal what it is on a board when it's done). The fact that you can get Delerium Tremens on tap or Wittekerke on tap is amazing. The fact that you can select a huge variety of styles all the way from American craft brews to English brown ales to German lagers is a sign of a great pub. Their beer menu is pages long. Pages. With an "s". *Note for the ladies* they used to have Wittekerke Rose but stopped carrying it a while ago. If you still want something like that, ask for a Hoegaarden and Lambic mix. It will be basically the same thing.The food here is very solid as well, and I like that they actually do tie in beer into their seasonal items. You can usually get something like a beer-based cheese or mussels brewed in beer broth to go along with your Leffe Blonde or Chimay. Usually I go for the boneless wings or a burger and fries here. The wings are awesome because of the variety of sauces/rubs you can choose, and on the late night menu, they're just 40 cents each. The Mediterranean Pita Dip/Nachos is pretty good for solving late night carb cravings.The service is generally always good. Sometimes you get a new server that takes a little while longer to get around, but it's never bad. They've got a main front seating area (in addition to the long bar), and they also have a rear seating area that is great for larger groups. Sometimes if you hit peak hours, you may have to wait a little bit, but it's usually never long.Go to Sharp Edge if you're in the Pittsburgh area and want a real pub experience. It won't let you down.
3	Good variety of beer and bar food. I didn't have any beer, but ate some of the pita chips with black bean and corn salsa and guacamole (which they called it avocado salsa). Very fresh and satisfying. We thought it was half off because it was late night, but were charged full price. I guess we just missed happy hour? Shrug.
2	Food was alright. One person ordered a pulled pork sandwich which was obviously chicken and not even pulled. Upon asking about it we were told that was pulled pork. However another person ordered the same thing and had a far different, correct order. The servers were not attentative and not helpful. My yeungling had an odd blueberry aftertaste. The saving grace was trivia. We had a blast and ended up winning a $25 gift certificate which was a bonus. Not sure we will come back here next year.
2	Seems like a good local hangout. I have mixed feelings about my experience here....PROs: First, let me say they do have a great selection of not just Belgium beers, but others on draft as well. Also, we came for dinner and ordered the tofu "wings" and veggie burger- they were both excellent. I really appreciate when restaurants have veggie options, and I thoroughly enjoyed the tofu cubed marinated in honey BBQ sauce!CONs: We waited about 5 minutes at the door before anyone spoke to us about a table. When someone did approach, they told us there would be a wait (ok, no problem), so we went to the bar to order a drink. At the bar (which wasn't that crowded, BTW),  we waited for the bartender for another 5 minutes. The waiting service was the same story. Also, although I felt like the beers were diverse and of good quality, I found the prices a little high. $9 for a Duvel is a bit high for me.Overall, I may comeback to try again, but only because the food was delicious enough to make up for the below par service.
3	Sharp Edge was named one of the 100 best beer bars in the country by Draft magazine, but I'd beg to differ. A more accurate would be naming Sharp Edge one of the 100 best craft beer bars in the Friendship neighborhood within Pittsburgh, Pa. While I didn't try anything off their food menu, their beer menu was extensive and listed a number a fairly rare items, though when we inquired to order, they were out of most of the ones that piqued our interest. Our service was pretty lackadaisical and nowhere near the level of attentiveness that you'd expect when they add gratuity on your check for 6 or more people. I've never seen gratuity added for a bill that's only drinks, but beware that that is the policy here, and that the gratuity is added on the bill in a way that's easy to miss, squished below the sales tax. Also, I'm always one to leave no less that 20%, but just the fact our server knew the gratuity was automatic and then neglected our table for the evening knowing that she didn't have to work to get her tip kinda pisses me off.  Also, Sharp Edge is suffering from the worst case of clip art usage I've ever seen. They desperately need to hire a graphic designer. Comic sans font and the cornucopia of Windows 95 era clip art leave their menus and signage looking more than a tad sad. If you love clip art, this is THE place for you. If you love even decent service, keeps on walking.
4	I love Belgian beer so I really liked this place, especially the Belgian beer samplers they had for a reasonable price.  The beer selection, including non Belgian varieties, was excellent.  I also ordered one of their gourmet burgers for dinner and it was good but nothing amazing.  This place is also good for accommodating large groups as they have tons of space.  Service was also decent and it was a welcoming atmosphere.
4	A group of 7 of us went to Sharp Edge last weekend and had a great time! I am not a big beer drinking but the 3 guys that were in our group were and loved the large selection, especially of holiday beers. We started off with three appetizers for the table, calamari, Italian nachos and mussels. The Italian nachos were incredible! They were unlike anything I have ever had and would definitly reccommend to anyone! For dinner, I split the large chicken pesto pizza with my friend and her boyfriend. It was so delicious! The crust was crispy and the pesto was full of flavor. Our server was very attentive and constantly made sure our drinks were full. A great experience!
2	Went friday night for happy hour. The bar was already packed so had to get a table. Good selection of beer but food wasnt so good.  I had philly cheese steak and it was bit cold and wasnt as tasty as I hoped for 12  dollars.
3	The Beer Emporium is great casual restaurant with an overwhelming selection of beer. The burgers are good here, I also tried the mussels which were not great. Very moderate prices for the food, and a homey feeling.  The front room is more bar like with flat screen TVs while the back room is quieter and more restaurant like. Would come again.
1	This is one of the worst dining experiences my wife and I had. Service was lousy, slow. My coaster fell on floor and the Waitress picked it up off the floor put it back on the table. And the food when it came out was overcooked I had the chicken it was dry my wife had meatloaf it was also dry. Also when we are waiting for appetizer it was taking a long time so I went to the restroom and I saw my waitress with appetizer in hand having a conversation with her coworker.
3	Beer Stop 1---When I was a student at Pitt, my bar of choice was always Fat Heads. However, Fat Heads has let me down as of late so I decided to mix it up and come to Sharp Edge during my recent visit to Pittsburgh.This was a great choice. Sharp Edge has the best beer selection in Pittsburgh - focused on Belgium beers. One thing I will say..their selection of Belgium draft are very overpriced. Scalis was priced at $13/ glass and St Bernandus ABT 12 was priced at $11/glass. I have been to many beer bars, and this was the highest price I have seen anywhere. Oh well - I guess they can charge that because they are the only bar in Pittsburgh that has this beer.Food? Not bad.The service? Leaves something to be desired.Overall, Sharp Edge has a great beer list but the prices are a tad high and the service sucks.
3	I dont love this place because every time I leave I feel like I've left behind the bulk of my personal wealth.I also dont love this place because the food has gone down hill from what it USED to be, and the service is BAD.  BAD.  Pro tip:  you better decide what you want to eat and drink in advance because if you sit in the bar booth area, you're going to have ONE shot with your waiter.  And a long wait.However, the beer list is amazing.  Incredible.  I'm tearing up just thinking about it because beer is a hobby of mine.  My favorite beer on the menu is Urbach 23, and you can't afford to drink it.  Neither can I.  Does anyone need an $18 beer?  I believe the answer is, YES, once in your life you do.  Usually on your birthday.This place should not cost as much as it does.I really love Belgian beer.The Sharp Edge is the restaurant equivalent of an abusive boyfriend who isnt even cute that I love more than anything and will never break up with.If you do get the food, try the chicken salad, it is quite good.
3	Ugh...I want to love this place. Their Belgian selection is unparalleled in Pittsburgh and I'm a big fan of Belgian beer. That said there are a few issues:1. The food is horrendous. For the sake of all that is good and holy, never order their hummus. I would prefer to eat a can of unseasoned chickpeas that my dog chewed and spit out.2. Atmosphere: Again, ugh. I brought my buddies from Philly here. They are both beer nerds and one has a ton of experience in food service and restaurant management. His comment: "Why did you bring me to Pizza Hut?"
5	What an amazing selection of Belgian ales on tap at fair prices!  I feel like I'm in heaven every time I visit.
5	We had a very large party here not too long ago, and I have to say how impressed I was with the service.  You can't expect something sleek and modern and super trendy if you go to a place like this, but my husband and I thought it was perfect.  They were the only restaurant/bar in Pittsburgh willing to give us a whole room with no minimum bar tab or extra cost.  The service was wonderful - everyone had full glasses all night because the server was so attentive.  She also knew a lot about the beer and was able to answer questions for us.  When some people wanted to go home and we were having trouble getting a cab, the manager called two for us and kept us updated on their progress.  The best part was that we bought a couple of rounds for approx. 30 people and the bar tab at the end was only around $300, which is a lot of money for beer, but so so so much better than we thought it was going to be.  I will definitely be going back :)
5	Yes, the beer selection is fabulous but the food is awesome. I had the Mussels from Brussels Sauteed with bleu cheese, mild sauce and a hint of cream, steamed in a Belgian ale. I also ate a burger called the Belgian, which is, Ground lamb and sirloin with shallot and bacon topped with whole grain mustard and smoked gouda. If your in Pittsburgh, you must try this place, even if you don't drink beer. And if you live in Pittsburgh, well then Lucky You.
4	If you are in Pittsburgh and you like beer.  This is the only place you need to go.  Great location and very friendly staff!  The food is spectacular!  When I am back in the burgh I will be visiting again.
1	Horrible service! I came in on Sunday with a party of 10 and the server was rude, totally M.I.A., and gave off a strong vibe that we were ruining her day. All of us ordered a drink and some food. It took forever to even order, then it took probably 20 minutes before our drinks came out. We joked that when our first drink comes out, we should order a second. Obviously, we should have, because she never came back! A very nice guy brought out the food, and we waited, and waited, and waited. Finally after we were long finished, I found her and asked for the check. She could've gotten 10+ more drinks added to the check but it's her loss, I guess. Once she took all the cards, she brought everything back in one stack (receipts and all) and just dropped them on the table. She didn't say ONE word. The beer selection is great, but the service isn't worth it. I recommend you go somewhere else or at least try a different location.
3	The table service is meh, the food is okay, and the prices can be a bit steep, but the beer list is unquestionably one of the best in Pgh.  They have a huge and unique draft list.If you like good beer and are willing to wait for service, it's worth it.  The service is always molasses slow no matter how busy (or not) it is.  I've literally sat at a table for 45 minutes with zero service when there only one other table occupied.  The waitress just kept walking by and saying that she'd be right with us.  After three-quarters of an hour without even getting waters, we walked out.  I've also been here when it was packed and still waited 30 minutes for a refill.  The only way to get good service here is to sit at the bar.
1	This wasn't our first time at The Sharp Edge, we had been here probably about 1 1/2-2 years ago and we remember liking it then. This time? Not so much, in fact we probably won't be going back and definitely won't be recommending the place to our friends. The food is overpriced, the service borders on nonexistent and the food is barely mediocre. My house salad was a small bowl of lettuce, 3 marinated baby carrots, 2 beet slices, 3 grape tomatoes, a peperoncini and onions and was priced at $5.50. Plus there was a hair in it! YUM! I'll never understand why they don't leave the plate in question somewhere in plain view until the new dish is brought in. I can't help but think she just took it in the back and plucked the hair of the dish and brought it back to me. Needless to say I barely ate the salad. Hamburgers ran around $11.00. You're better off driving a few blocks further to BRGR.
3	I finally made my way to Sharp Edge this weekend for the first time.  Make no mistake, I came for the beer.  I  was not disappointed.  The beer selection is very impressive.  They have a long list of drafts and hundreds of bottles.  You will have no problem finding something you like especially if you enjoy Belgian beer.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable and brought a member of my party a free sample to help her decide.  Happy hour is definitely the best time to go for 1/2 off Belgian drafts and $1 off craft drafts.The food did not impress me, however.  There weren't many items on the menu that caught my eye.  I ordered the Southwest Chicken burger that I thought was really dry.  The fries were below-average fresh cut fries that were a little too crispy.The bar atmosphere was pretty relaxed with a couple big screen tv's.  A nice place to watch the game.  We were seated in the back room though which was unimpressive.  No tv's and much more of a restaurant feel.  I didn't ask to sit in the bar area though so I can't complain.  I would say Sharp Edge is a great place for groups.I will definitely come back for the great beer selection and chill at the bar with some friends, but I'll probably eat somewhere else beforehand.
4	Holy beer selection! Honestly, I came for the Belgian Ales but was completely blind sided by the selection of craft beers. There were roughly 60 taps with so many craft options from the Midwest and the East Coast. This Sharp Edge branch is certainly worth a stop for any beer aficionado. Its location is out of the way in regard to the other East Liberty hang outs as it's tucked away near the EL/Garfield/Friendship border.The prices weren't outrageous. I expected super high prices based on my experiences at the downtown location. Lastly, similar to the downtown location, I found the atmosphere to be very cozy. In my opinion, it's a comfortable place to chill out with some friends and enjoy some great beer and food.
3	Judge me if you must, but I think this place is pretty overrated. Everyone that I have talked to has raved about this place, and I've been here a few times from friends' invites. Yes, the beer selection is incredible. Yes, the happy hour deals are really good (which I would definitely recommend if you want to go). However, I just didn't buy into the vibe and atmosphere- I feel like this place doesn't have an identity or an idea of what kind of place it wants to be. Is it a bar with good pub food and beer selection? Is it more of a sports bar? Is it a manly man's bar? Is it suppose to be an old-fashion bar?  I really don't know the answer to any of these questions. Otherwise, the food is above average- but $12 for a veggie burger? Really? Again, I just don't know if this is suppose to be a bit of a higher-end restaurant or what- but you can't charge people 12 bucks for a burger (and a veggie burger at that)- particularly at a place where people are there primarily for beer. And the service is well below good. I'll go here again if a friend drags me, like my coworker likes to do, but I probably wouldn't decide to go here myself again.
5	If you live in the city of Pittsburgh The Sharp Edge is an absolute must try. I think this place is so awesome! Huge selection of craft beers on draft. Huge bottle selection. Aside from ridiculously impressive beer selection, the food is always consistent and the atmosphere is very relaxed(which I enjoy, I don't ever like to feel rushed.)My fiance and I go pretty much every week, usually we go for the boneless wings or a burger and fries here. The wings are awesome because of the variety of sauces you can choose from, and on Tuesdays they're just 50 cents each. All of their appetizers have been pretty solid as well.Highly highly recommended!
3	I reallllly love the beer selection here. It is epic. And I usually get good service. I've noticed that sitting at the bar is much better than getting a table in terms of quality of service and speed of delivery. So I don't sit at tables any more because of this, and that's kinda annoying. Love the buffalo chicken bites- big fan of the buffalo blue and the bbq jerk. The burgers are really good but it gets to be so pricy when it's all said and done we don't eat here very often. Love both the BBQ burger and the blue cheese one. The fries are really good too. Biggest hinderance from coming here all the time is the price. But if you are looking for a belgium beer it is awesome. Also during the holidays they have the most insane Christmas beers selection so definitely make a plan to stop there then.
3	We went during the half off draft special so I can't complain about the price of the beer. They do have a great selection of drafts. Unfortunately, the service wasn't that great and we were sitting right at the bar. It also wasn't that busy so no excuse. The food was just ok, I was expecting better.
1	A friend of mine recently moved into Bloomfield so last Friday night we decided to give Sharp Edge a shot. We were partially drawn here by the proximity, but the real reason was the beer. Unfortunately the good beer selection was dragged down by the inattentive service, terrible ambiance, flat out bad food. After entering we waited by the hostess stand for a few minutes without anyone noticing us, so we then decided to take a seat at the bar. We waited for another 5-10 minutes before anyone waited on us. We were seen, but no one waited on us. As we sat there I couldn't help but notice the overwhelming smell of bleach and cleaning products, but was thrown by the sticky bar, stained disposable coasters, and dirty carpet. We were eventually waited on and placed beer and food orders; both came in a reasonable amount of time. I ordered a cheese steak and received hands down the worst one I've ever gotten. For starters they did not use shaved steak, but deli roast beef. They compounded the problem by not heating it up, the meat was actually cold. It was then topped with peppers and mushrooms that were barely cooked (the mushrooms were at that just warm enough to be soggy stage, yum). All of this was covered with slices of cheddar cheese that at one point had been melted, but by the time it got to me had reconstituted into a yellow, greasy sheet. The overall lack of an attempt to make a simple sandwich that was halfway decent gives me the sense that no matter what I get here, it's going to be made and served half-assed.
3	Great beer selection. They really have a lot to choose from. I've had food there before, but the meal was really nothing to rave about. The appetizers were the best part. Also, I went there once and was recommended a beer which I later found out cost $12. I was annoyed, but the beer WAS good, just wish I knew it was going to cost me that much. Overall, great place to try out different beers. The food is nothing special and the beer can be pricey at times.
3	I live across the street from the sharp edge restaurant and rely on it several times per month for a tasty dinner. The service varies based on how busy the restaurant is. That can be frustrating sometimes but the food is typically always spot on - what really is great about this restaurant is the number of beers that they have both on tap and by the bottle.
4	Amazing beer selection, and very good desserts, especially the Belgian chocolate pudding. The rest of the food is a bit meh. Monday night trivia is always a good time.
5	Best beer selection, for sure! The Belgian beers and seasonal rotations make this place a gem. I'm a fan of meeting friends here for happy hour specials, there is always something here to please everyone. (Even my parents. That is saying a lot.) The specials are out of this world, check for the latest before you go.The food can be mediocre and overpriced, so I recommend sticking with snacks, specials, and Belgian dishes for the best experiences if you're here for more than just the beer.
5	Love the Belgium burger! The lamb inside is fantastic. The desserts are also great. They have a great many of beer collection! Love it
5	We had a surprise 60th birthday here for my father last night. The service fantastic. Matty was our waiter and he was great!
2	With an excellent beer selection and a very convenient location, I really wanted to like this place.  The service, however, more than cancelled out the excellent food and great drink selection.  We came at happy hour with a group of friends.  We expected the service to be fairly slow at first given that we arrived with a fairly large party, but as the night went on and people cleared out, it never really improved.  Even when there were only 4 of us left and the rest of the restaurant was basically empty, it was still taking forever to place an order.  After not seeing our waiter for over 20 minutes, we just decided to go to the bar and order a drink.  Of course, our waiter finally shows up when we get back and gets kind of snippy when he sees that we went an ordered on our own and accused us of taking up his table.  We would have preferred to order from him if he hadn't been standing around in the back chatting with friends.  The bartenders were also a bit condescending.Despite the service, the food was still quite good.  We had the Belgian onion soup and split an order of the steamed mussels.  Both were excellent.  If the wait staff were up to par, we would be glad to frequent this place more often.
4	Came on a Saturday and suprisingly the place only had a few customers.  Sat there for over 5 minutes until anyone actually helped us.  4 or 5 people working but all busy talking in the kitchen or looking busy doing nothing.  Finally we settled in and ordered a few beers.  A new server must have just came on because she was actually great and chatted us up the whole time until we left.  She also knew her shit when it come to beer and the products they carry.  Now this place is serious about ALL beer, not just piney, chewey IPA that every overnight "beer enthusiast" crows on about.  I had an imperial stout and a nut brown on cask.  Both great and made me giggly.  Didnt try the food this time but I remember it being really good from times past.  Just remember though, craft beer now has taken on crack prices but this place is a tad lower than most.  Still, we spent 35 bucks for 4 beers with tip.  WTF
5	The Sharp Edge has a fantastic (if pricey) selection of Belgian beers.  They have an excellent happy hour special which you should definitely take advantage of if you want to drink more than one beer - your wallet will thank you!  Although the food is pretty decent, you really want to come here for the beer.If you are a beer novice the bartenders and waitstaff will be more than happy to give you helpful recommendations.  Personally, I'd recommend anything by Chimay, Brouwerij Van Steenberge, Abbaye Notre-Dame de Saint-Remy, Maredsous, or  Brasserie d'Achouffe.  Cheers!
