4	This place was excellent!  We found it on accident; I had just vetoed a caf across the street when Friend A says, "What about that place?"(In hindsight I think he was joking) My boss and I go "ok". And off we went. I'll admit that it is not much to look at, but the food more than makes up for that.  When we walked in It was like everyone was just kinda hanging out, a nice lady it what looked like a pair of house slippers looked up  from her conversation with a patron at the bar and told us to just sit wherever we wanted.  About 30 seconds or so later someone appeared out of thin air and took our drink order. When we hesitated he began listing off all the drinks they had. I was about to settle when he said the magic word "kool-aid" and to top it off it was red flavored.  We took a minute to peruse the menu it made my tummy happy just looking at it. They are one of two places that I have found that has grits that are worth a damn. Other items included fried okra, catfish, fried chicken, meatloaf, liver and onions, red snapper, chitterlings, and a host of other southern classic.   I had catfish Mac and cheese and yams. The yams were sweet and juicy but not soggy.  The Mac and cheese had real cheese in it and the catfish was some of the best I have ever had.  Friend L had the liver and onions and friend A had fried chicken. We never agree on anything when it comes to lunch but we agreed that this place was solid.   A word of warning there is a 20 min delay on anything fried and you are going to be hard pressed to get out of here in a hour if you come for lunch. Other than that this place was great.
4	Passing by M & M Soul Food Cafe, it can easily be missed.  Good thing the BF and I have an eye out for food places all the time 'cuz we're always hungry.  From the outside, there's not much to look out.  It occupies a corner spot and after walking in, you can see tables lined up past the counter to the back.We were told to take a seat anywhere we liked and after sliding into our booth, menus were brought over.  The waitress came by to ask if she could get us beverages and you gotta get Sweet Tea ($1.50)!  (Yum! Yum!)  Perusing through the menu, we decided to split an order since dinner was happening in a couple of hours.  We opted for the whole order of Shorts Ribs with gravy ($17.99), which is "slowly cooked beef ribs, seasoned to perfection with gravy or BBQ."  The whole orders come with three sides and our choice was the collared greens, macaroni and cheese, and fried okra.  (Check out the picture!)  A half order was available for $12.99, but  I'm not sure how many sides you get with the half orders.The wait wasn't too long for our order to come, despite the warning on the menu saying there's a 20 minute wait for fried items.The short ribs were tender and came off the bone easily.  It was flavorful and went well with the gravy.  The macaroni and cheese was a bit bland for my tastes though, but the collared greens fared a bit better.  The BF said they could have cooked the greens a bit longer for what he likes.  We especially liked the fried okra though.  It was my first time having that and we wished we had two orders of it instead.  Other sides available included yams, black eyed peas, red beans and rice, potato salad, corn bread dressing, cabbage, string beans, and rice and gravy.  Entrees included oxtail, catfish, chitterlings, gumbo, meatloaf, fried chicken, and liver and onions.  Dessert choices were peach cobbler, sweet potato pie, and banana pudding.  Service was good.  The waitress refilled our sweet tea before we had to ask and before we were even done with our first glass.  We definitely appreciate that.  She also brought out an extra plate for us so we could share our entree.  And she asked if we wanted any dessert before giving us the bill too.Overall, the sweet tea, ribs, and fried okra were good.  The other sides were just okay.  We felt that it was a bit pricey for what we got, and both expected a larger platter of ribs.  We wouldn't mind going back to try out what else they had to offer.Sidenote: I'm not sure if it's intimidating or not seeing this very tall man  wiping down tables as his gun and badge bounce off his hip.     There's an 18% gratuity added for parties of six or more.Update! 03/14/08 - The BF was craving their short ribs, so we ordered them up again.  This time they were  A  LOT more generous with their portions!  (It makes me wonder if we got shafted the last time - check it out and compare the pictures yourself!)  I wish we remembered not to get the mac n cheese, but we got black-eyed peas and fried okra this time too.I went for the Small Seafood Gumbo which had crab (hard to eat), chunky sausage, chicken, okra, and rice.  It's pretty generous for a small portion, but there's not all that much seafood in it.  It's super gooey from all the okra 'stuff' though.  This time we got complimentary cornbread pancakes, two each and a side of butter.  What a nice treat while you peruse the menu.  Their sweet tea tasted a bit different than before, did they change the recipe?  Overall, a better experience than the last.  I'll up it to a 3.5 from a 3 now.
4	Weird thing happened to me. I was driving and there was this car accident on Charleston. People who know me understand how I get when it's car accidents...I get antsy. Plus I was thinkin of food. Mmmm salad. Something light you know. But I did smell fried food.....So while I was waiting for cars to hurry at 2 mph just to get past me I noticed this M & M Soul Food. Now I remember M & M from LA and I wondered if it was the same thing. I got retarded and drove over the median and pulled into the parking lot. Sure. It's 10:30am. I'm thinkin granola and my fat ass is getting soul food! Walking into this establishment - well it's no 4 star restaurant. It reminded me kinda like a truck stop place....Kool Aid 2.00 WTF? Well we gotta keep the Kool Aid man in Bling! I saw a sign. Oxtail.....then I saw another......Chicken wings and waffles. I wanted the oxtail. The savoring of oxtail - stewed for hours, falling off the bone goodness of melting meat....(music stops) Oxtail won't be done for another hour....NOOOOoooo Christmas is ruined again.What about pork chops? Smothered or fried. Holy crap....decisions...I ended with fried with mac and cheese and red beans and rice. Definitely some of the best fried pork chops I've ever had - with hot sauce....Mmmm It was crispy and juicy, full of flavor.What? You think that's it? HELL NAH! I had chicken and waffles. MMMMmmm Damn not as great as Roscoe's but hell it was GOOD!I definitely am coming back for everything else on the menu. It was just way too hot to eat some of this stuff.....Wow...Thinking about it now...I'd like a salad.
4	I must start by saying that I am one who is prone to wandering. A former GF would say nosy, but I prefer to think I'm observant. At any rate, I am driving down the street (wandering after my trip to WalMart) and see a rather unremarkble place with a red sign-- M&M Soul Food. Now I'm driving a full size dually pickup with CA plates, so I'm not about to drive over the median like Myke R. So as I'm driving around the block, I'm thinking that it's a bit early for dinner and maybe I should keep driving. But I live in LA, so when will I have another opportunity? Indeed.  As I walk through the door, I am welcomed by a man who I think is a patron sitting at the counter. He invites me to have a seat anywhere. Odd, but still, I'm thinking "what a great place where patrons welcome each other..." Further observation leads me to believe that he may be the manager but I'm not sure. Sittling beside him is the armed gentleman that Teri C. mentioned. Being a gun guy, I recognize the make and model of his pistol; what I find odd is that he's wearing a red and blue muscle shirt and baggy pants. WTF-- that's no security uniform I've ever heard of. Odd, but not intimidating.So I order a fried pork chop (half order-- it's a bit early for my dinner, remember) with mac & cheese and red beans & rice and a sweet tea. My waitress brought me a couple of corn bread pancakes, sort of like hushpuppies that got smashed. My pork chop comes rather quickly, definitely less than 20 minutes mentioned. I've never had fried pork chops like this, and it was good! Nice flavor, cooked through, yet still juicy. The red beans & rice were unremarkable, but is that a bad thing? I like red beans & rice and I liked them here. Mac & cheese is a different story. People can be very particular about mac & cheese-- cheese was good but mac was too mushy for me. Since this was not really a dinner, I didn't order a dessert. I'm intrigued enough to come back to try the ox tails, short ribs, sweet potato pie and banana pudding!
4	Large portions!Friendly  and fast service!Soul food done right!Ghetto fabulous but in a good way!You will want to take a nap when you're done!Your belly will be "fat happy!"
1	My last visit to M&M was the worst dining experience I've ever had. Our booth table was sticky and gritty on top and riddled with old dried gum on the underside.  The water that was brought to us was cloudy.Worst of all was an area in the back of their dining room that is set off for preparing drinks and such. Usually it seems it's behind a partition, like an office cubicle. But on this day the wall was missing and several large, damp, smelly, uncovered trash cans were brought out and set down. In the middle of the floor. Of the dining area. Where people were eating.Then our booth seating started to come apart. I'm not making this up, it came unattached in the corner curve of the seat and started to slide out while we were sitting in it.Our food, when it was brought out, was the restaurant's usual quality. I used to love their water cakes most of all - cornbread served as pancakes. But by this time we didn't want to stay and eat it.Later that day I found them listed in recent Restaurant Reports in the good old Review-Journal. The most recent one found M&M's with only a few demerits and upgraded to an A. The original report a few weeks before that had so many demerits they were two points shy of immediate closure. I'm certain that if the inspector had showed up on the day I was there, they would've been shut down right away.If I could give a zero star review, I would.
5	With a city like Las Vegas with all the flashing lights and glamor and food prepared by a guy who's name you cant begin to pronounce it's very simple to overlook a place like this.FIVE FRIGGIN STARSIf it wasn't for other Yelpers i never would have came across this place. The place is nice very clean very casual diner type environment. The food is a bit pricey but that's because portions are HUGE and the fact they offer half orders is awesome.This isnt fast food so dont expect to be in and out in a heart beat they actually take time to COOK your food not just heat it up.Ox Tail - Very nicely cooked lots of tendon and VERY tender WINFried Chicken - Came out hot fresh, tastes great WINWings n Waffles - This is my new breakfast, something about the home made waffles makes it lighter and crispier EPIC WINShort Ribs - Had them with the BBQ sauce gotta try gravy next time VERY tender WINFried Okra - Something about it is just pure WINMac and Cheese - Again something about it makes it WINThe only Fail is we asked for water a few times and it never came, so if you're gonna want something later on in the meal order it as your ordering your foodOverall - EPIC WIN
5	We still remember the great dinner we had at M&M's when they were located on Jones and Harmon.  My wife ordered fried chicken and it was hugh (capon?) and good.  It was crispy on the outside, warm and moist on the inside.  She couldn't finish it all.  She now orders just a couple fried chicken wings for lunch ($1.50 each) at their relocated Charleston location.  Very good cornbread pancakes are brought to you when you are seated.  If you ask they will give you 2 more no charge.  We will definitely return to try other entrees.  Good collard greens and blackeye peas as sides.  Diner atmosphere.
3	I am going to go w/ 3.5 on this one but closer to 3 than 4.  I definitely dug the atmosphere.  Staff was nice enough and the cornbread pancake was a nice way to start the meal.  But it just came down to the chicken itself for me.  It just didn't blow me away at all.  I know it'll probably come off as insane but I think KFC has better and more reasonably priced chicken than here.  This also is nothing compared to Roscoe's or other soul food places I've been to.    Don't get me wrong..it wasn't bad..just average for me.
5	I ate at the M&M Soul Food Cafe TWICE today.  I'm almost embarrassed to say that I tried all of the following.  For breakfast, I tried fried chicken wings, waffles, scrambled eggs, and home fried potatoes.  For dinner, I had the beef ribs, ox tails, greens, black eyed peas, corn bread pancakes, and macaroni and cheese.  I also had one of my wife's pieces of smothered fried chicken.  I believe that all of this gives me enough information to provide a comprehensive opinion on the restaurant.This was simply the best restaurant that I've eaten at.  I should not have eaten as much as I did but I just couldn't help myself!  I just kept eating and eating.  This is the kind of food my mother used to make but doesn't anymore because it would take days!  Well, she never did fry chicken for breakfast to go with waffles.  The chicken was served on bones like chicken is supposed to be and the you've just not lived until you've slurped on some ox tails in public.  The breakfast potatoes were to die for as they were nicely browned and well seasoned.Although I didn't try it, my wife enjoyed her turkey sausage and didn't mind going back for a second time in the same day.  The beef ribs are cross cut like riblets and offered with BBQ sauce or gravy.I want to go back again because these were stupid huge plates of food and I simply didn't have room for any dessert (banana pudding, peach cobbler, chocolate cake, yellow cake, sweet potato pie).The owners enjoyed watching someone who really enjoyed their cooking throwing it down.  If you're visiting Las Vegas, this is worth the short drive away from the Strip.
5	Good down-home southern cooking. Period. God Loves Mississippi Mary. You will too.
5	This is one of my favorite places for soul food. Whenever I am in Vegas I try and make it a point to make it out there. The short ribs with bbq sauce is my favorite. The staff is very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	We were craving soul food when we were out in Vegas and a local recommended us here and it was GREAT!!! The ribs were finger licking good, ox tail w/ gravy is delicious, and the sides were fabulous.  We didn't get a chance to try the chicken because they fry it when you order it. The waitress said it would've taken about 20 minutes to cook and it was almost closing time so we had to pass.  We'll definitely come back when we're in town and by far one of the best soul food joints i've been too...
5	First, a disclaimer: this review is PURELY for the chicken and waffles. DELICIOUS!Look. I first tried it on a Saturday morning. The waffles come out, two of them, unusual in that the mold they use is not the standard "round" one but more of a hotdog bun shape- and light, tender and fluffy, piping hot. The chicken... it was three massive wings piping hot. When we bit into them they fair EXPLODED with juiciness and chicken deliciousness. Crisp on the outside, teeming with seasonings and flavor, and it was just all done SO well. Reason I felt I had to put a review out there was that I finally got to try Roscoe's- not in LA but in Long Beach. Same chain though, right? I was ready for them to blow M&M's away due to all the hype, but was I disappointed. There was no comparing the wings (sadly small and a little dry) compared to the wings at M&M's. Well seasoned, but dry. Waffles were the standard round shape and had a charming cinnamon aspect to them. They were delicious, but the difference in quality of fried chicken really brought M&M's forward in the race. The verdict? I'm just glad we in Las Vegas can enjoy TRULY delicious Chicken and Waffles.. without having to venture outside Sin City :)
5	No doubt that the food is great and the portions are large.  As busy as they are, they still manage to be very polite and the overall atmosphere is nice.  They should use some of the profits to update the dining area.  The padded benches are so old and worn out that you tend to sink when you sit on them.  That is why they get 4 stars instead of 5.-------------------Ok, they updated the furniture so I have to change my review from 4 stars to 5 stars  Again, the food is 2nd to none.  EllaEms run a close 2nd place, but I have to admit that M&M's is the best as far as taste.  I hope M&M don't move to a more upscale location.  I love the hole in the wall feel.Nice touch that the owner is always around.  He greets and checks on the customers.  He waits on them too.  He is a young man which is nice to see these days.
5	Just finished my meal here at M&M.  Solid, authentic and simply comforting food.  The free corn bread pankcake was fluffy and buttery.  Juicy fried dark meat chicken with gravy is to die for, pairing with yam and waffle is heavenly!  Great price, big portion, friendly service, and one of the best soul food I ever had.  We will make this a regular stop whenever we come back to Vegas!
4	First, everone who works here are the nicest group of people. My husband an I shared a full order of fried chicken and ribs. With each full order you get three sides which were all amazing! If you're looking for great soul food, this is the place.We will be coming back!
4	Service fantastic! Food excellent! Unfortunately, they did not have the corn bread pancakes ready in the morning. I think it's usually a lunch thing so if you go and try it, review so I can hear about it.. Since I won't be in Vegas anytime soon. :o/PS. The best thing they had was the grilled biscuits. Freakin' heaven on a plate!!
4	Meal started with cornbread pancakes -  very good - tender, crispy on the edges, with that great conrmeal texture.Ordered the full order of fried chicken - freshly made, excellent preparation - hot, crispy and great flavor.  Had the mac and cheese, red beans and rice and fried okra - all good, mac and cheese and red beans were authentic southern style and particularly good.Also had a half order of the short ribs in BBQ - tender and well prepared, very good.All in all a great southern style soul food meal - high quality and definitely had that homemade quality to it - recipes tasted like family home cooking.Breakfast menu looked very interesting as well - may go back and give it a shot.This place is very diner in style and decor - a bit run down but reasonably clean - perfectly appropriate for the type of food and price point.  Service was good and wait staff was very friendly.Recommended for soul food and family dining.
4	we went to m &m's because of the reviews we saw, and i am pleased to say it was the TITS!  They have koolaid!! but i got the sweet tea, yummy!  my grofriend got the fried chicken half order with red beans and rice and mac and cheese.  and i got the BBQ chicken half order with okra and potato salad.  Her fired chicken was good but the red beans and rice were kinda blah (meaning just ok.)  the BBQ chicken was falling off the bone good! and the okra was awesome.in summary we recommend getting the half orders because its just too much freakin food!  p.s. it was alot cleaner than i thought it would be.  its in a grody looking strip mall.
4	One of my buddies took me here Monday and I was impressed with the service and grub. My menu selection was the smothered chicken with sides of mac & cheese and rice & gravy. The muddy water (lemonade and iced tea) was also quenching. Oh yeah, how can I forget the tasty cornbread!
5	If for some strange reason, you're a fried chicken virgin (shock!)...or you think KFC is benchmarkable (horrors!)...then may I gently suggest that you step up your soulfood game...if you're worthy, that is.M&M isn't just fine, it's larapin fine. (look it up, Yankee...)Their fried chicken - with shingles of shatteringly crispy chicken skin goodness and perfectly seasoned meat -- brings a tear to my eye without fail.  Their lagniappe of cornbread pancakes are bonafide brilliance, not to mention bottomless and complimentary...Of all their sides, I've only had their macaroni & cheese and greens (sort of a Southern yen & yang sensibility).  While not definitive, the m&c serves its purpose if only to catch the crispity crumbles that fall off while inhaling their incredible chicken.Note to self:  I find their sweet tea, tooth-achingly sweet, so I ask for it half & half -- and it's perfect. I've never even made it to dessert, despite the fact that I keep swearing to myself I'll save room for it -- but damn, why, when there just can't be anything better than that cornbread... And one day, perhaps I'll order something beyond my chicken/m&c/greens lunch combo -- but I doubt it...Oh and if you ever spent any time in NYC, and thought that delis where staff are surly and horrible was funny or unique...um, it isn't, it's rude and to us Southerners, sheer insanity and totally puzzling.   Go to M&M for a lesson (or to be kinder, I'll assume, all you need is a refresher course...)on genuine, kind, true Southern hospitality, because this, people, is how to take care of your customers.  And if you're Southern, and wondering if there is anything real in Las Vegas (or Henderson - cough cough Kathy's...), because you're starved for real food, real service, and a little bit of home, RUN to M&M...tell Tim the Arkansas girl sent ya...
4	i love there cornbread pancake! MMMi had the smothered fried chicken with green bean and fried okra. i didn't really liked the green been but fried okra and chicken was MMM good. i also got the peach cobbler...that was really really sweet. i could almost taste grains of sugar on my palette. the food took a while... but it did say on the menu there can be up to 20 min wait for any fried food. our waitress was a sweetheart i'm gonna be back here SOON
5	On a recent trip to Las Vegas, some friends wanted to try this place. It was further backed up by the valet at our hotel saying, "M & M Soul Food had the best 'greens EVER." AND then our car driver to the location also verified this place by saying, "The chicken wings and waffles are the best he's ever had."So, along we went. our driver was good enough to give us his cell number to get a ride back to our hotel. M & M is a bit out of the way for hotel tourists. It's about 1 to 1-1/2 miles further west than the Outdoor Premium outlets on W. Charleston Blvd.There were four of us and we tried the fried chicken (Dark and White meat), and Ox Tail, we also had a side of Pork Chops (one fried and one with gravy) and the waffles.Each full order (around $13) comes with your choice of 3-sides. The half orders (around $10) come with 2-sides. I can't remember all the choices of sides, but some are: red beans and rice, collard greens, string beans, yams, mac and cheese, fried okra rice and gravy...  We tried almost all the sides and the Greens are very very tasty, but all the other sides were good too...You can get the Wings and waffles all day long, but breakfast is only served till 11:00 am, so if you want eggs and grits, you gotta come early.Oh, and their version of the Arnold Palmer is called, "Muddy water"... just a hint.Enjoy and happy eating!
5	Wow! It's been a while since southern food has blown me away! I'm excited I can add m&m to my repetoire of guaranteed good eats for this reason: $6.99 for two pieces of dark fried chicken and two sides! That's a REAL special. The fried chicken is very good, nice and crispy, with an excellent crunchy fried taste and juicy chicken underneath. I do wish there was a little more flavor to the actual chicken itself, maybe some spices?But what do I know about fried chicken I'm just some half European/Californian broad!As my sides I ordered the fried okra which was the best fried okra I've ever had, and the mac and cheese. Mac was good, a typical southern style mac with soft noodles and creamy cheese sauce. Service is good, the food does take some time to come out, but it's cooked with love so it's ok to wait!Most people spend around 7 bucks to eat junk food for lunch-pretty awesome to find a place that gives you soul food for the same price!
5	OMG.. I can not believe that I did not do a review on this place any sooner. I went a few months ago with my aunt. LOVED IT. I had a 2 piece dark chicken meal that came with sweet potatoes, macaroni and cheese, greens, and some cornbread. I also had their lemonade. OMG.. I thought I was in heaven once again. I love adding hot sauce to some greens.. Their greens were DELICIOUS along with the mac & cheese and the cornbread. The lemonade was the sweetest lemonade that I have ever tasted!! Believe it or not, we went during the meal times when it was $5. I give M&M two thumbs up and Highly recommend it to everyone!
5	Friendly finger burnin' good.  Tim, Owner, runs a tight ship crewed by friendly and considerate people, especially Malika.  The reason I call the food finger burnin' good is that I was literally burning my fingertips in between bites of what is the best friend chicken I've ever eaten because I couldn't wait for it to cool down.  When living in LA, I went to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles on Pico (http://www.yelp.com/biz/roscoes-house-of-chicken-and-waffles-los-angeles).  This place is much better.  Even went back again a second time with the wife on our weekend in Vegas.  Skip the overblown buffets and eat something real!
5	This place was amazing! We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door, the server was fast and super friendly, and the food was amazing! The gravy on the smothered chicken was bomb and the mac and cheese was ridiculously Delicious! Only $14 for fried chicken, 3 sides, and corn cakes! Next time: breakfast
4	If you're a Vegas native (such as myself) you know of M & M's. Its known around town as the best soul food cafe hands down. Since this is the only SF cafe I have ever been to, I can neither confirm nor deny that remark. But I will say that M's is a 'no bull' kind of establishment where the food talks and that's that. The place it self is nothing to write home about. It's located in the corner of a small run down shopping center, and since its in the less than desirable side of town, one may never think to stop by. But the food is a completely different story. Everything is hearty and delicious! The gravy is just Yum! the chicken is BETTER than any fried chicken my mom ever made, and the corn bread pancakes are a great lil surprise! The portions are pretty good, the prices are steeper (is that a word?) than expected but the food is soooo worth it!
3	My dad's version of soul food is much better. This was ok but kind of a sad excuse for soul food. Im sure the soul food down south ia much better. I didnt enjoy the greens the yams or the corn bread and what is a soul food meal without those 3 things...nothing! sad to say I wont be going back.
4	Love love love it! I always eat off the strip when coming to Vegas   Fried chicken, red beans n rice, yams, banana pudding. U crave it? Go get it!!
4	The service here was fantastic.  I've never had someone pay such attention to detail when helping me package my leftovers (brought me new, sealed syrup; a "to-go" cup for my drink; extra napkins...).  Of course I had to have the chicken and waffles for my first visit.  The chicken was great: fresh, flakey, & well-seasoned.  The waffles were crisp on the outside, moist on the inside, and tasted of cinnamon.  Yum.  They play fun music, too.  Great place.Only downside was the unsweetened iced tea had a bit of a coffee flavor to me, and I don't like coffee (but they do have Splenda.  Nice.).
4	I'm notorious for always trying new things but when I come here I turn into an old hag and order the usual - the 2 piece fried chicken with 2 sides lunch special. I start out with the complimentary corn bread cakes - very tasty. Ask for extras as they do oblige.Next wash it off with some ice cold koolaid bc I don't play. Out comes the crispy,juicy, moist chicken with my cabbage and collard greens. I tear this Shiz up all the time. As David Alan Griers dad says in Boomerang, from the rooter to the tooter!Side note- I did try the gumbo once and although the portion is huge, it didn't represent the Nawlins style
4	Had the half order of fried chicken with dark meat and came away satisfied.  It came with thigh, drumstick, and two sides.  The fried chicken was golden and crispy, and for the two sides, I had greens and rice with gravy.  The greens were only marginally not as awesome as catfish alley, and the rice was tastier than expected.  The cornbread cakes were delicious, hotcake-shaped, crispy on the outside, sweet and fluffy on the inside.  Only $11 for the honor.
3	The restaurant is very homey feeling. A nice place to eat. We ordered a full snapper with mac & cheese, green beans and yams and a half mixed fried chicken with rice & beans and yams. The mini cornbread pancakes are definitely a tasty treat.The snapper was good. Crunchy cornmeal shell with piping hot insides. The yam side dishes were delicious. Overall a satisfying meal.Service was very friendly and quick.Prices were higher than I expected them to be.
2	I'm from southern Louisiana, on the Pearl River.  My daddy was from Logtown and Pearlington.   I got the cred.  I really liked the staff here.  They were friendly and efficient--A+;The little freebie cornmeal pancakes were outstanding--A+;The fried chicken:  GREASY;  doesn't deserve the term Southern. I've found better all OVER the USA--C;The cornbread stuffing:  AWFUL; AWFUL.  Have they ever heard of Zatarain's?  That commercial mix, served raw, would be better than what they served--F.The potato salad:  Potatoes mostly mashed, with some mayonnaise and a little mustard--F-.  The red beans and rice:  Beans were properly soaked and tender.  The rice was indifferent.  The seasoning was absent--D;The lemonade was good--A.
3	I was raving about this place to my coworkers all week after reading the reviews, so we finally decided to go! So excited! Met up there about 10:15a. Little did I know they ONLY served breakfast until 11a. I was hoping to get the oxtail thing, but after a long debate, I settled with wings and waffles. My coworkers had gotten there before me and had already ordered. 10 minutes later, I put my order in. Got the muddy water. Mmmm, sweet and tangy goodness.The food ended up taking about 30-40 minutes. How horrible. There seemed to be 1 server for the whole place and 1 busser, and 1 cook. The server was impressive though, carrying 5 plates of food all on one hand. Other than that, I guess you can't expect great service.But the important thing was the food! I actually got a side of pancakes also. And they came out first, before anyone's food. And they were yummy. There was a vanilla cinnamon flavor to them. And the waffles were probably the same batter which were delicious as well. When the wings and waffles finally did arrive, nice and hot, I was famished. The waffles were great, very soft and moist with a great flavor and the wings were cooked well and seasoned well. The hot sauce was great.So overall, 4 stars for their food, 2 stars for service and atmosphere. Comes out to 3 stars. (Yay I can do math!)Oh BTW, their music/speakers... funky stuff. As we were waiting for the food, we noticed that the music kept stopping. Like in a dance where they pause so you can change partners. Or maybe someone trying to practice DJ-ing. Either way, not very cool. At first it was fun to joke about, then it just got annoying.
4	Nice casual sit down. Food that definitely fills your stomach. Great service as well. Recommend to anyone for some soul food.
5	My goodness greasy, burn yo finger chicken. These are the kinds of places I miss from LA. Over there, the food was proper and the hospitality is abundant....it's been a long time, but frankly my broken ass self can't add hypertension to the list of issues so it's a real treat to get some Southern comfort. I'm with everyone that the cornbread pancakes are love. I've had these once as a cornbread pigs in a blanket in a southern mommas home. These were better. It's nothing crazy creative, but it's simple goodness comfort at it's finest. I had a white meat fried chicken plate with red beans and rice and collard greens. The chicken was juicy and I think the seasoning was good...slightly more salty than I normally like, but I'm not big on salt. Once I dipped in a side of gravy and hot sauce though, it was all good. Muddy water to wash it down was perfect. Red beans and rice is basic and decent, collard greens were decent. BF got the chicken and waffles. The waffles were interesting since they were shaped like a hot dog bun and the batter was a cinnamon batter. We thought the waffle was good alone, but that the sweet waffle got a bit too much after a while. I prefer plain waffles with chicken. I want to get these waffles for breakfast though.We brought the BF's mom and grandma and they had a chicken plate and meatloaf. Both were very happy with it and it got the approval that they said there will be a "next time". The BF would like to say that he feels this is the best chicken he's had and that he wants the 5 star bump. Both his mom and he would like to add that neither are fried chicken people, but enjoyed it enough that they'd both want the chicken again. I'm saying this is good, solid fare, but it's not the absolute best Mississippi cooking I've had.....but I'd have to fly out to go get to my favorite food spot though. I felt the food after, but that isn't their fault my busted self indulged in fatty chicken and salts. Worth it though- drinking plenty of water to flush it out. 4 stars for the food.With me, the 5 star bump is definitely because of the staff. We walked in and the owner greeted us enthusiastically. Our server was sweet and our service was attentive. Our server even offered to pull me up a to-go muddy water since everyone was finished with foods, but I was still thirsty and took just a gulp to finish it off.  When our plates came except the BF's, the owner noticed and went up to the window to check up on the kitchen and promptly brought out his order. Gotta appreciate an owner who has a hand in the smooth operation. And speaking of the line, it's crazy how they kick it old school without any tickets and call out the order- the kitchen doesn't mess up orders much either. Food never sits longer than a few seconds on the pass so food is hot and fresh for everyone. Sure, it takes a while to get some foods, but it was busy and everything is fried up fresh. I'd be worried if it didn't take a moment to make since everything should be fresh....I think we're so used to fast foods that most people might think it's a long wait. Won't slap our mommas, but we'll bring em back!
4	I wish we were allowed to put half stars because I don't want to give them a 3 because they are better than that, but not quite a 4, but I'll go with that for now.  Finally had a chance to try it out and the vibe was really cool in there...I felt like I was thrown back into the 70's in DC eating at a place on North Capitol Street or Florida Ave....very cool!  We were greeted by a very nice waitress and given our plates of corn cakes...which kept coming out as soon as we finished them.  I ordered the baked chicken with stuffing and string beans.  My one big disappointment was the beans tasting like they came out of a can.  My seatmates ordered ox tails, smothered fried chicken and catfish.  They each ordered the mac and cheese but said it wasn't that great.  I don't know for sure because I don't dig that stuff myself, but it's interesting that all three said they didn't care for it.I'd like to go back for breakfast and would be willing to try for lunch again.  As I said, 4? No.  3? No, but solid 3.5.
3	I had the short ribs in gravy, yams , mac n cheese and cornbread dressing as my sides . We also had the red beans and rice w sausage. Tender ribs , nice gravy , really good yams .cornbread stuffing good. The corn cakes they serve , different are tasty.     Tasted my wifes fried okra very good seasoned well,waitress forgot about the okra and delivered after my wife ate her food,normally We would have  said forget and leave, but the wife was craving fried okra, that's y we came here,our first choice  catfish alley was closed. I'm thinking of deducting another star as I sit and wait for my ck. Yes I'm writing my review as I sit and wait and wait....... service here sucks.  If u come don't b in a rush cause service is in no rush, too bad food is really good.
3	Tonight I was in the mood for fried okra, I hadn't had any in a while and so I mentioned my craving to my husband, who being happy to fulfill my wishes began searching for a place that offered it.  Our first choice would have been Catfish Alley, but it was closed on Mondays, So he searched some more and decided that M & M Soul Food would suffice.We had no problems finding a table; however, it was very busy with only three wait staff working.  The Cowboys was on the tube so we sat just a little bit from the TV so as to keep the game in view.  Almost immediately we got asked how we were doing and we were assured someone would be right over, but a bit of time passed before someone actually stopped to ask us about drink orders.  We placed those and again found ourselves waiting for someone to take our food order.What seemed like awhile, our ice teas arrived, and eventually a friendly waitress stopped to ask about our order.  We began with red beans and rice, severed with corn cakes and hot link.  We made the mistake of ordering our meals at the same time; little did we know it would all arrive at about the same time.  I got the meat loaf covered with gravy, and three sides, what I asked for was of course the fried okra, mac & cheese, and collard greens.  What I got was the meat loaf, yams and collard greens, no okra. I don't know what happened to the mac & cheese.My husband and I shared the red beans, rice and hot link and started on our meals, only to completely finish everything before the waitress returned to check on us and reassure me she would bring my fried okra.  Time passed and finally I got the fried okra, it had a nice golden color to it, was crisp and I could see it was cornmeal breaded which was how my mother always did it.  With the first bite I knew it was not going to satisfy my craving.  It was room temperature, the texture was right, but just too cold to be worth the wait.  I finished it quickly and we expected the check only to wait what seemed like forever before the waitress acknowledge us again, she did half heartedly make an attempt at an apology, stating she had all her tables on the other side and we were her only table on this side, even so, we waited another 20 minutes just to get the ckeck collected and cash out.I didn't get my craving satisfied, so I know that we'll have to try again, maybe I'll wait for Catfish Alley?  Would I go back to M & M Soul Food?  I have to admit I would, but hopefully we'll see better service.
4	I went here last week with a friend.  The waitress got us started with the complimentary cornbread pancakes, which we smeared with butter.  We couldn't believe how tasty they were.  I got a half order of the fried chicken with sides of collard greens and red beans & rice.  The chicken was well-seasoned, crispy on the outside and tender inside.  It was very delicious.  I also enjoyed the sides, but didn't think there was anything special about them.For a beverage, I couldn't decide between the sweet tea and the lemonade, so I got the muddy water, which is a mix of the two.  That was refreshing.I once met a guy from Tuscaloosa who raved about how much he loved banana pudding.  I never had banana pudding before, so when I saw it on the menu, I had to try it.  Now I know why that guy liked banana pudding so much.  It was insanely delicious!  I felt the service was adequate and the diner-style atmosphere was fitting for a soul food joint.  I would definitely return to this place:  good fried chicken, yummy corn cakes, heavenly banana pudding.
5	Customer Service was GREAT!!! i ordered ala carte short ribs && beans and rice.. so good... the ribs had so much flavor. the cornbread pancakes was just the kick to start off a great meal. ill be coming back again
3	I got lost trying to find this place, it's on the West side of the I-15.  The food is good, but the waitress was sassy.  I liked the fried chicken with waffles and sweet tea. Yes, they do have Kool-Aid.
5	M & M was the highlight of our recent vegas vacation.  we used to live west of this place, and musta past it a billion times, never noticing it.   in any case, we wished we'd visited it sooner.  the waffles and pancakes were TO DIE FOR.  seriously...all three of us in our party agreed that they were the best we'd ever had.  and the potatoes...don't get me started, THE best potatoes I'd ever had...seriously now...amazing food.  we couldn't believe our taste buds.  but the food alone did not make this place 5 stars....the staff also made it 5 stars.  our waitress was ULTRA friendly.  The host was always refilling our drinks.  amazing attentiveness and service.  bravo.  i would suggest coming here morning, noon, and night if you live in the area, if not the entire vegas metro...its worth the drive...and don't be scared by the exterior...because the interior is the best you're gonna get.  seriously now...amazing service and food.  and the prices were DIRT cheap...incredible!
5	I really like this place.  I must admit...the cornbread pancakes were good but really greasy.  I also had some collard greens(LOVE), macaroni & cheese, yams (LOVE), red beans & rice, cornbread dressing (it's like stuffing) and fried okra.  Of course, we shared all of this between 4 people. We all had the fried chicken and it was very good.  I really like the seasoning and how crunchy it was.  BUT...there is a BUT...my chicken wasn't cooked all the way through.  Everyone elses was ok.  They gave me a new piece but by the time it came out I was ready for dessert.  Our waitress felt really bad so nice she gave our dessert on the house.  The hospitality, service and food was great!!!  I will definitely come back to try something different.
5	Great Soul Food, personal service & my favorite breakfast in town.
5	Reminded me of being in L.A. but better much better. When i first went to M & M there was serving hotcake for bread. Now they have corn bread and hotcake. Chicken is to run to. LOVE IT!!! so good i had to slap my momma. lol
5	This is my absolute favorite breakfast spot. Delicious and very reasonably price, with excellent know your name service thanks to great people like V & Stephanie.
5	American Southern food rarely gets better than what M&M serves.  Not everything qualifies as great, but I haven't had a bad dish yet.  The main dishes are (in my experience) always exceptional.  The fried chicken at M&M qualifies as some of the best I've had, along with the fried chicken at Hard Knox Cafe in San Francisco.The ox tails, the liver and onions, etc. all rate far above similar dishes served almost anywhere else.  The corn "bread" (really cornmeal pancakes) is really a treat.  The fried okra superb.  The collard greens are OK, the same with the black-eyed peas.  The macaroni and cheese is good enough, but nothing to write home about.All in all, though, M&M deserves a five-star rating.  Not only do I recommend it, I eat there repeatedly.
5	My wife and I loved this place.  It's old and worn, but that adds to the charm.  Very friendly service...never ending awesome corn pancakes at no charge...they don't need butter!Get the fried chicken...it's as good as we had ever had.  Super crispy, juicy, and great spices.  Also really enjoyed the side items, including fried okra, blackeyed peas, and red beans and rice.The Entertainment book also has a BOGO coupon, so you can take a friend and it's half the price.  We plan to go back to M and M Soul Food each and every time we visit Vegas.
5	this place is wonderful the service is great, the food is simple and great and the coffee is great i had the hotlinks breakfast with potatos and biskets mmm it is all good the biskets are hommemade.My love had the porkchops they were good.Bill for two with coffee was 20$
3	We received complimentary cornbread pancakes - delicious.  Each of us ordered fried chicken as an entree with me choosing dark meat and Ann white.  Mine was moist and delicious; Ann's was dry.  I enjoyed the crispy crust, Ann didn't.  Each came with a choice of 3 sides. Together we sampled macaroni and cheese (good), green beans (canned), collard greens (best I have ever had), fried okra (very good) and sweet potatoes (pretty good).  The restaurant was in process of closing for the night as we began to exit so the biggest, baddest-looking security guard I have ever seen opened the unlocked door and watched as we got safely in our car.
3	Fried chicken is solid, but not spectacular. Waffles are a bit soggy. Great corn cakes. Rice and beans were so so, as was mac and cheese.
3	The food is good here. We had the smothered chicken with collard greens, fried okra, and mac and cheese and we cleaned our plates. What is really notable about this place, though, is the service and the atmosphere. Our waitress was helpful and friendly and the restaurant has a sort of "hang out" feel to it- good music and a diner feel. As we were seated, we were given small complimentary cornmeal pancakes. They were really yummy, probably my favorite part of the meal. All in all, a great place to experience something new or come in for some familiar homecooking.Pros: friendly service, authentic soul food menuCons: no kids menu, a bit overpriced
4	I ate here today for the first time. We ordered the chicken and waffles, catfish dinner, and fried chicken dinner. Everything was hot and had great flavor. Reminded me of Sunday dinner as a little girl.
5	Great authentic soul food. Best fried chicken I have ever tasted. I literally fought my friends over it. We all got different dishes there 3 times in a row and had to guard our food from each other. Finger licking good does not begin to cover it. Very nice service as well, hooking us up with sweet tea refills all the time. I am going to miss this place big time :(
3	I'm still a fan, but I have to say that something's different at my favorite Southern spot here in Vegas... and it pains me to say it. But the last time we went (and this was the first time I took my husband), the chicken wasn't cooked fresh - it had been sandbagged...and it was tough and stringy.  the corncakes were wonderful as always.  but everything else was off...  and this time, for the first time, we ordered dessert, the banana pudding.  it was all cookies and the two banana slices that were in it, were grey.  it was old.  and not good.  I even asked the owner, whom I adore, if he had a new cook - and he said no - and asked why, and I couldn't bring myself to go into it with him.  But things are amiss... very very amiss... and if they continue in this direction, no amount of southern charm and wonderful service (which has not changed, by the way) will save it.   People will wait for your perfect fried chicken.  Even at lunch.  We just will.  Because it's perfect.  or at least, it used to be.  I have to go lie down...I've been putting off writing this update but I want them to get things together, so badly, so this is, in effect, my prayer.   xoxo
4	O...M...G...heart attacks served on plates have never attracted me very much until my arrival at M & M's. I am very fortunate that this place exists in Vegas because there are times where I really need comfort food and some southern hospitality, to make myself feel better about rotting in sin city. Their smothered fried chicken, green beans and mac and cheese is freakin' awesome! And while cornbread is a simple item, I've never had it prepared like pancakes before; those perfectly delicious, yellow, circular cakes are so delightful. Additional props for offering kool-aid as a beverage choice as I waver between that and sweet tea. I think while some people might be turned off by the prices of this place, I don't mind as I feel their portions and quality are worth it. Maybe I'm not used to the effects of soul food, but I typically have to fight off food coma. OR I get drunk off their food. No, it's not alcohol that is impairing my vision/senses/motor abilities/ability to think; it's their good food. This is the only "bad" thing I can think of, and even that won't deter me from coming back.
5	I am not claiming to be a soul food expert as I grew up in Montana. BUT we did live in Mississippi for 2 years and have had our fair share of awesome soul food while living there. We found this place on accident and were joking about eating there, until I checked Yelp on my phone and saw the great reviews. Sold. We turned around and have been hooked ever since.The cornbread pancakes are so good and complimentary. The staff is friendly and attentive. (Even on mother's day when the place was PACKED with a line out the door. We still got drinks refilled and timely/friendly service.) I haven't ventured beyond the fried chicken but my husband has had the short ribs and said they were delicious. If I was on death row my last meal request would be this place's smothered fried chicken, collard greens, mac n cheese, and fried okra.
4	So far to me the best southern style place to eat in Las Vegas. It's nothing fancy but it's very satisfying. I got the fried catfish, greens & mac n cheese. The catfish and mac n cheese was awesome! I think the greens were Old Glory! (for people that don't know, you can by greens in a can, and Old Glory is the brand) I wasn't too fond of the greens. My husband had the fried pork chops w/ red beans and rice and greens. Again off the chain. Our other 2 friends one had smothered Chicken and the other had fried Chicken. And we were all very satisfied with our choices. I love the way they serve there drinks, in a jar! lol We have been here several times, we have also had there breakfast. It's pretty good too. The Corn Cakes are awesome! Definitely something different!
4	4.5 "finger lickin good" stars!I have been preparing vegan meals these past few days and my carnivorous husband has been such a trooper trying my cooking.  Well, apparently tonight he had enough of the kale and soy protein posing as beef, and was in the mood for some good ol' soul food. With a raving recommendation from one of his patients- we gave M&M Soul Food Cafe a try.  The complimentary cornbread pancakes already made such a great first impression.  Being a loyal customer of the original Roscoe's House of chicken and waffles in LA, I had to try M&M's version.  I feel like such a traitor because Roscoe's has NOTHING on them.  The seasoning on the fried chicken wings was so delicious, I was actually licking my fingers after every bite.  It was perfectly seasoned and not overly salty at all.  The waffles were also fabulous. A little sweeter than I am used to, but that was OK because it just meant I didn't need the syrup. The sweet and salty combo was perfection.  I ordered a side of fried okra which were OK and the collard greens that I devoured. My husband ordered the smothered chicken (dark meat) and that too was delicious. He ordered sides of yams and mac n' cheese.  The sides were good too, but the chicken was definitely the star.  There is no "kids menu" but our toddler daughter ate from our plates and was licking her fingers too!To top it off, we finished the meal with some peach cobbler and it was the perfect sweet finish to a fabulous meal.  We originally wanted to try the BBQ short ribs but they had just run out when we came in, so that just gives us an excuse to come back even sooner (after a few nights of vegan meals, of course). Tim, the owner, made us feel at home from the second we sat down to the second we walked out the door.  And we actually did feel like we were at home, because we were able to watch the NBA playoffs as well.
5	When I say I miss those hole in the wall mom and pop shops that serve the BEST food, I am defiantely talking about places like this!!!  I have to put this place at the top in terms of fried chicken and cornbread (they serve them as little pancakes)!!!  And I know I will get people saying something else is better but this is MY review and what I say goes! Haha!!!  I usually get the Fried Chicken Breast (it takes 20 min to cook and it even says that on the menu) which is the most succulent luciously mouthwater peice of chicken that I ever had the honor to put my lips around (yes, I just said that!).  Also the cornbread pancakes are sooo AWESOME!!!  I really don't know how else to put it, but I think it's because they make them in pancake form that it gives you the light, airy, crunchyness and moistness that you want from normal cornbread but that normal cornbread can't deliver (sorry normal cornbread, I still have love for you though).  And of course you have the sides which are GREAT!!!  You can't really understand it until you've tried it, so get crackin!!!!  Oh, and if you go during breakfast time make sure to try their Chicken and Waffles, all I have to say about that is they are card carrying members of what Chicken and Waffles are supposed to be!!!!!
4	we go here everytime we visit vegas, a matter of fact thats one of our highlights of our vegas trips, we accidentally discovered it one day while driving back to the telly from walmart, from the first visit to the last visit they all have been delicious, i always order the oxtails cause they are big, meaty and good, my wife orders different entrees each time and no complaints from her either, we just love the place! i also feel very safe eating there too cause they got "zeus" as armed security there, lol.
1	This place should have been great, the place had good music playing, it was clean, and the service was great. Only 1 problem the food was bad. I ordered the fried chicken with greens and yams. The waitress told me the chicken would take 20 mins too cook due to the chicken being fresh I agreed to wait. After what seemed like 5 mins out came my fried chicken dinner. I started to ask questions but the chicken looked good and was hot so I gave it a try. Well the chicken was tuff ,stringy and dripping very hot oil. The bottom line was that the Chicken wasn't freshly cooked, it had been precooked and put back into the hot oil and reheated(NASTY!) The greens had a slightly sweet taste and the yams were way too sweet for my taste.   Overall I have to say this place should be great but the kitchen staff was more interested in the 2 young women that they were entertaining during my visit. I really hope this was not the norm for this place, everything is in place for this to be a great restaurant. It seems like this place is in need of leadership, before leaving I asked to speak with the Manager and was told the manager was gone and would be back in a few hours. Save your money if you want some tasty Chicken, go to the Cafe in the Winn Hotel and order the Chicken and Waffle's and make sure to ask for the spicy syrup (unreal !!!!!!).
5	Been wanting to come and try this place out and finally did!! Ordered the smothered pork chops!! It was the bomb!! Very nice atmosphere and the employees were super friendly!! Total southern hospitality!! Can't get no better than that!! Will be coming back soon to try out something else on the menu!!
4	Jammin' food made with love and soul!! Awesome customer service even the security guard made us feel at home!!!  I got the oxtails with greens, mac & cheese & yam!!! Oxtails fell right off the bones so delicious!!!  I must say I have to minus 1 star since the mac & cheese was not all that as I expected since everything else was on hit. The hubs got the fried chicken with red beans & rice, and maaan it was sooo jammin' seasoned perfect/crispy and moist inside!!  I tried my friend's Kool-Aid yes I said Kool-Aid and boy it was gooooood and I don't even drink Kool-Aid since I was a kid!!!  Great food, service what more can you ask for??
4	I get the impression that Southern food is like pizza and BBQ.  Everyone has a strong opinion about what the best kind is, no one seems to agree, and if you didn't grow up with that certain recipe, you aren't going to like it.Thankfully this place cooks just like my granny used to.  I've never been to Mississippi but I feel like this place has Alabama comfort food down... or at least how my grandmother used to cook Alabama comfort food.  Fried chicken, mac and cheese, collard greens, stuffing with gravy, red beans and rice... all very good!  The cornbread... now that I've had it, I don't think I can live without it. The hospitality is amazing!  The only thing that was not like back home was the chitterlings.  Most people have to good sense not to order chitterlings (pig intestines).  But I lack such common sense.  I'm used to them breaded and fried.  But here, they are not breaded and kind of soupy.  Not bad, but not great.  Definitely a fan.  Definitely coming back.
3	I came here for lunch and it was quite busy. I sat at the counter since I was alone and didn't much time. The staff was pretty friendly and helpful. I ordered smothered pork chops and is was ummm ok... Gravy was flavorful but you can tell they just dump the gravy on the pork chops without any simmering. And the pork chop itself was cheap and thin, not what I was used to. Others have said good things about this place so I will give another try but a different dish.
4	Recommend the Fried Chicken and Mac n Cheese!
5	One of my favorite meals I had on my last trip to the city! Oxtails, sides and desserts were outstanding!  Ill be moving to town in a few months and I hope to become a regular :)
5	M & M is an unbelievably consistent operation, as I have never been disappointed with the service or food here in the numerous occasions I have visited so far.  I have never walked in without being greeted politely, and having my muddy water (arnold palmer) and corbread cake served up immediately.  The fried chicken is always good, and I even tried the catfish the other day, excellent.  They do run out of sides on occasion, but no big deal as they have plenty of others.  An unexpected, amazing feat of service and quality from an unassuming joint off Charleston.
5	I was raised on good soul food, so I look for a specific taste. Was a little apprehensive at first because no place is like home, but my husband and I gave it a shot. From the first step in the door, the customer service was great. We were greeted immediately. It was awesome to see Kool-Aid on the menu...what a great addition. My husband ordered the fried chicken dinner and I indulged in the oxtails. For a picky soul food eating girl, I was COMPLETELY satisfied. The gravy was awesome and DID NOT taste like flour or cornstarch. The chicken was fried to perfection. The sides, especially the yams were good. I wish I could remember the waitress name...she was so friendly and attentive. She was a lighter toned young girl with a colorful tattoo on her arm...She, solely on her customer service had us sold. Cannot forget the security guard. Great team and great food equals happy customers!!!Now that we live in Las Vegas, we will surely be back.
1	So where to begin? My boyfriend had been to this place several times and said it was pretty good. They only serve breakfast until 11am, so a lot of the time on his days off and late nights we woke up well after this *gotta love vegas*We visited this establishment 8/17/2011 around 10am.  We entered through the back door, the side where the salvation army is.Plenty of booths and tables open, we waited to be sat. There were two people working ,and the place wasn't crazy busy being it was a Wednesday. An older African American man and a younger African American woman with a "four leaf clover on her neck". The gentleman sat us and took our drink order. We waited about 5 mins after that to place our order. In this time around 5 Asian people came in and sat in the back corner, an African American older gentleman sat at the table behind my boyfriend alone and an older African American couple sat two booths back.  no problems thus far. The woman came over and didn't even look at either of us while she took our order. She seemed like she was irritated. At the time i didn't think anything of it. I ordered turkey sausage and eggs he ordered hot links and eggs. Simple right? So the 5 Asian people get their food, then the gentleman alone gets his food, then the older couple gets their food. AND WE STILL HAVE NO FOOD ON THE TABLE! ITS 10:45!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not once did anyone stop by the table and let us know if we ordered something they were out of or that our food would be out shortly. My boyfriend is African American and i am mixed *black and white* *I have tan skin and light hair so most people don't know im mixed.*I tell my boyfriend that i feel we are being discriminated against, And that i have experienced this before with my parents when i was younger. I wondered why the waitress didn't even look at us! You work for tips don't you? Arent you supposed to be nice and accommodating to your customers?!!!?!??! Its a shame that you couldn't provide proper service because you didn't appreciate the fact i was with a African American man. I could understand if one table got their food before us. But a party of 5 at one table, a party of one, and a party of two. THAT'S 8 PEOPLE THAT PLACED THEIR ORDER AFTER US! AND WE ONLY ORDERED EGGS AND SAUSAGE! THAT DOESN'T TAKE 45 MINS! I tell my boyfriend that i am DISGUSTED and i will not be eating anything from this place. He says he wants to ask the waitress whats going on. At this time i walk out of the place and he stays behind trying to find out whats going on.I am in tears in the car, stomach in knots in disbelief that its almost 2012 and things like this still go on. I now appreciate my African American father and Italian Greek mother even more for the things they had to go through to be together! I never realized the society we were living in. I will be filing a complaint with the better business bureau today. And contacting the news to let them know about this. I had a good mind to stand on the sidewalk with a sign saying "IF YOU ARE AN INTER-RACIAL COUPLE YOUR BUSINESS ISN'T WELCOME HERE!"I HOPE THE OWNER READS THIS AND TAKES MY COMPLAINT TO HEART. "4 LEAF CLOVER LADY AS WELL" REVERSE RACISM IS NOT RIGHT
5	5 stars for service!!The girl that took our order for lunch (8/20/11) was great!!  She made us feel at home. She was very attentive, efficient and spoke to us with a smile :)  She was possibly one of the "best servers" I've ever had.Las Vegas + Southern Comfort Food = M & M Soul Food Cafe :)
5	OK, I have been here before and loved the food, and my daughter adores this place as well. I was a little hesitant because there was a review posted that made me uneasy, I am Caucasian and my daughter is bi-racial. I have been in places where both she and i had been discriminated against and it is hurtful. I will say when i came in here today, i was immediately greeted by Jasmin (?) I hope I got her name right. She was so helpful and took our orders right away. I had a restaurant.com certificate and i wanted chicken and waffles (my daughter loves Roscoe's in Pasadena and I wanted her to have them here). Jasmin suggested we get the chicken and waffles and in order to utilize the value of the certificate she recommended the smothered chicken as a to-go order. The food was brought out fresh, hot and delicious. No attitude by anyone that I was aware of, if anything, they were uber attentive. She even got us our drinks to go. Nice touch. All the food (and there was a LOT) was so delicious. I will definitely be coming back more often. everyone has an "off" day and poor service and rudeness are inexcusable, but I am happy to say that M&M treated me and my daughter like family. I can't wait to try the chitterlings next time..
4	The waffles, OMG the waffles...what do they do to the waffles? Hands down the best waffles I have EVER had. Chicken and waffle sure ain't awful. Are those really chicken wings? I dunno, they're big enough to be turkey wings. O.K. not quite, but you get the point. The comped cornbread is also nothing short of magic. When I'm dead, I want to rest my head on a bed of their cornbread. Fried chicken, it's kickin', rib stickin', and finger lickin', on the menu it's what I'm usually pickin'. Light and crispy on the outside, well seasoned, and moist n' juicy inside. This stuff hasn't been sitting under a heat lamp. Smothered? Yes please, on the side, the gravy is groovy. Go ahead, pour a little of that hot sauce on the greens and fried okra blanketed in a light corn meal exterior. Everyone is welcomed with a friendly greeting the moment they step foot in the door. Heck the last time I was here I was greeted after I walked out of the restroom. Solid down home cooking served with a consistently friendly staff. Power 88.1 thumping at a level just high enough to add a little energy to the room, but not too loud for a conversation. Breakfast for 5 bucks, 2 piece fried chicken with 2 sides 9.99. Chicken wings and waffles were around 7.50 or so. Fresh brewed tea? Sure. Regular, and sweet tea. If you lookin' for  no frills down home cookin', stop lookin' and get bookin' to M & M.
4	I have driven by here everyday for the last year wanting to go in because I'm a country boy from Oklahoma and I love me some soul food! Last night a buddy and I were looking for someplace to eat and I decided this place would be great. I ordered the fried chicken (white meat) with sides of fried okra,red beans and rice and the mac and cheese with iced non sweet tea and my buddy got the smothered chicken with the same sides. The menu says to allow 20 minutes for fried foods. ( That right there means it's all prepared FRESH!)The waitresses here are absolutely the nicest servers I have encountered in Las Vegas thus far! They first seat you and bring you out corn bread like I've never seen before. I'm used to skillet style cornbread and they brought us out some little cornbread pancakes. We ate ours so quick that the waitress brought us more and she said we should put honey on them, which we did and dadgum it was AMAZING! Once we got our food the sides were in little bowls on a plate to keep them seperated. Then came the chicken. Once I put that food in my mouth, the only things I could keep doing were giggling like a child, shaking my head and repeatedly saying"Mmmmm dam%it!"That cornbread breading on the fried okra and the chicken was like sex in my mouth! The only thing I wasn't really a fan of was the mac and cheese, but I still ate it and cleaned those Mo Fo'in plates up! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because they close at 8pm....If you want some good soul food or just dang good grub, CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!
5	This place started in Los Angeles and opened a sister location in Vegas.  The LA place was sold and the family's only place is in Vegas. It's located in a strip mall with a lot of parking.  About 15 tables and a small counter fill this interior along with the walls of photos of famous people who know the owners.I need to put out a disclaimer that I'm writing this review the next day after having a horrible dinner at Del Frisco's Double Eagle, so when I write about Quality:Price ratio, you can see where my bias is coming from.When we found out there was a M&M in Vegas, we knew we had to try it based on the reputation they built in Los Angeles.  We got there at the perfect time ahead of a party of what looked like 20 people celebrating a 40th birthday.  The staff is really friendly and for a mom n pop operation that thinks Michelin is a tire, we got great service.  The food does take a long time to get to the table, but that's par for the course when they are dropping each order into the deep fry.  Other places will cook in advance and use heat lamps. Not M&M.  You have to wait 20 minutes for chicken to fry.I got the fried chicken, greens, mac n cheese, and Kool-Aid.  I don't know how they do it, but the skin on the chicken is crispy good, but the batter isn't burned dark.  The batter sticks to the skin and the skin will just peel off the meat leaving you with the most crispy potato chip type delicacy.  I bet you can just sell the deep fried skin. It's that good. The others at the table had the gumbo, ox tail and short rib.  All was excellent.  They also serve the table cornbread that looks like corn pancakes. They are buttery, sweet and have a nice crispy edge.  Those little cakes are addicting.  For 4 of us, the bill was $63.Some might say it's pricey, but for what we got, it was worth the money.  We spent about $320 at Del Friscos later that day.  We spent about 5 times what we spent at M&M and our food at M&M was 5 times better than what we had at Del Friscos.  If I was told I had to spend $320 and $63 on the two meals I had, I would have paid $320 to M&M's.  Anyway...  you might want to go read my Del Frisco review.
3	second time here, and it was lunchtime on a Friday and it was PACKED.  no breakfast menu (ugh)...but they still served waffles (yum).  so why now 3 stars?  no drink refills for 30 minutes.  food was now average.  potato salad not edible.  mac and cheese just OK (I make better at home).  waffles above average.  yada yada yada.  SUPER friendly staff still...which is such a nice thing.  excellent clientele, so the whole environment is awesome.  our waitress had an excellent sense of humor despite running around due to the place being packed.  we'll go back again the next time we're in Vegas, but just with lower expectations.
4	Talk about Southern Hospitality.  These ladies are really nice, efficient, and combined with downright comfort food, I'm game.. all day !. T shirt and jeans kinda place, and nothing fancy k? I found this place on a whim in a strip mall, since LV traffic is soo bad with construction, I was frustrated with driving across town - I pulled into the first place I could see. A group of 4, we shared full portioned meals like family style Chinese food. Freebies of cornbread pancakes and jars of kool-aid started us off.My , those pancakes are different but tasty.  Kool-aid bursting with flavor and setting me back to my childhood. I highly recommend:  Fried chiggin, the fried catfish, sides of candied yams, fried okra, collard greens.   Standard fare: liver-onion-gravy (hard to remove the gaminess),  potato salad,  rice and beans,   mac n cheese. Good portions,  didn't even have room for pie ... and good prices. A  solid 4/5.
3	So I finally ventured out to see what the hype is about. I was pretty disappointed : (There was construction on Charleston so I had to make sure I turned in the right hole to get here. I was confused bc the doors arent really visible. I thought one was closed bc it has that reflective tape on it so we parked in the back. We walk in and the place is dead! Not a good sign!! We sit and a little bit later our waitress greets us. Without looking at the menu I order a kool aid and a muddy water. She went and got our drinks and I checked out the menu, I was kinda in price shock! The drinks were 2.75$ & 2.50$!!! Thats insane! Im paying that much for sugar water??!!! Whats worse is that throughout the time we dined I only got 1 refill and my son got none!! I looked at the menu and since I heard good reviews about the chicken so we opted for that. One things that was weird is that they do not have kids meals, lame!! They also dont have childrens prices on drinks. I ordered the 3piece all white with dbl man n cheese and rice w gravy. I noticed there was a 20min wait for fried foods and was fine with that. Our waitress brought us the cornbread pancakes and I tried them and they were yummy. Shortly after my chicken arrived, not even a 10 min wait! Idk if thats good or bad... Anyway, the order included 1 breast and 2 wings... Wtf? Im paying 13.99$ for that!? At least give me 2 breasts!Lets talk about the chicken: I expected something orgasmic, alas the only one I had was later that day when I found out Old Navy had 50% off clearance sale. My son grabbed the wings and I was left with the breast. I took a bite and instantly needed water; it tasted as though their seasoning was only salt! Dont get me wrong, I love salt, but sheesh! Thank goodness I ordered a side of gravy (which she forgot) I sucked down my drink and waited for a refill... Which took almost 20mins and I had to ask for one even though she walked by my empty glass... 2wice!! Once I got my refill I went back to my chicken. I guess it was semi juicy but what seriously turned me off was the breading. I have never ever tasted breading that salty! I tried the sides and was soooo let down! The mac n cheese was tasteless and freakin dry!! What a sad thing bc I ordered 2 sides and my son didnt even touch his! The rice and gravy was meh, nothing special. I guess the only good think was the corn bread. Our waitress was ok, only checked on us once which was sucky. The others seemed super nice to other diners in there though : (This place imo is over-rated and seriously over-priced! The chicken was semi juicy but wayyyy too salty. I couldnt even finish a breast and trust me im a fatty and love me some chicken! I've had soul food before, my bro in law is from Louisiana and has cooked some yummy eats! If this is what Mississippi soul food is then hit dog its hella shitty! I'll stick to cooking my own home-made, not dry, mac n cheese and super yummy fried chicken!
5	My boyfriend and I found this place on restaurants.com while in Vegas. We left stuffed and everything tasted amazing! The staff was attentive and super nice, worth the drive from the strip. Our food came quick and piping hot. Our fave part of the menu was KOOLAID! Brought us back to our childhood. I had the smothered fried chicken (dark meat) with fried okra and red beans and rice topped with banana pudding for dessert. The boyfriend had fried chicken, mixed meat; okra, mac and cheese, and rice and gravy with peach cobbler for dessert.
3	Service was great, very friendly with a smile. Food was... Ok? I'm confused as to whether I was in on a off day or if it's always kind of bland, but it wasn't anything to rush back in for. Everyone says its so amazing, but it really wasn't. The macaroni and cheese was overlooked and tasteless, the yams were good due to being so sugary and loaded with syrup.. And the greens tasted good due to an all day cooked flavor.. The chicken was over cooked and while it was edible, it certainly wasn't the best I have had. I don't see myself going back, though it's not out of the question if I'm in the area.. Updated review if that happens :) happy eating!
4	Excellent food (especially the fried chicken). The staff was very friendly and efficient. I will note: a "large" entree is a lot of food. I wouldn't order a large entree unless you're either VERY hungry or sharing with a friend.
4	Yankees and caucasians: Try the ox tail! Yes it has a bone and sounds... well it sounds disgusting, but it is delicious. Mac and cheese was good. Collards good too. Johnny cakes came with the meal. 1/2 order was filling.
5	Loved it. Going for breakfast tomorrow.
1	I was so disappointed when I came here.. I'm from Los Angeles and was expecting the same taste as the la locations but boy was I wrong. Granted I had breakfast, but can you really mess up breakfast that bad? YES!! I don't even want to try anything else from here. I've been so disappointed eating at these "soul food" places here in las Vegas.. Inspiring me to open my own!!
5	Found this gem on the recommendation of a good friend.  I've been trying to find some good Soul food, like my Mom used to cook.  Let me tell you, this is THE place.  Everything down to and especially the sweet tea, is spot on.  Friendly staff and a great atmosphere make this an ideal place for any displaced Southerner, or wanna be types.  I had the smothered pork chops, collard greens, and fried okra.  Way more than enough food, especially for the price.  If all the dishes are equally as good as my first time fare, you will not be disappointed with your meal.  Did I mention FRIENDLY staff?
5	This place is a hidden gem if you are not familiar with soul food.  The highlights for me are the cornbread, the chicken and waffles, and the service.  This is the best soul food around, especially for the price.  I dream about the chicken and waffles.  The chicken is whole wings, lightly breaded then fried to perfection.  The waffles are light, crispy and have a hint of cinnamon.
1	On January 14, 2011 we had the unfortunate opportunity to eat at M & M Soul Food Cafe.  It took 5 waitresses 20 minutes to come take our order as they chatted amongst themselves about the previous nights activities.  When they took our order, it took us one hour (I am not kidding) to get our food, remind you now this restaurant had maybe 20 patrons.  My husband ordered the hash and eggs.  When it came an hour later it was burned completly on the bottom (charred) and the egg on top was fried hard, he had ordered over easy.  When we complained about our order, our waitress, blatantly rolled her eyes.  We will never return to this place again.  We should have know from the minute we got there, as the place was a little no, I take that back, it was on the grungy side.  I don't know how this place stays open!
4	Hello, soul food. It has been a while.I've been to M&M a few times before. My most recent visit had to be the most notable of them all. I usually roll with the fried catfish dish (very good), but today, I decided to go for the chicken & waffles (faint-worthy). Here's a rundown of what I have tried:***Chicken & Waffles - By far, my favorite dish here (and my favorite waffles of all time). The waffles have an airy, incredibly fluffy consistency. It is practically melts in your mouth with each bite. I actually have to admit that these even surpass the famous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles over in L.A. While the chicken wings themselves, did not wow me as much as the waffles did, they did have a delightful crisp, with a nice touch of seasoning.***Fried catfish - I am a catfish junkie. Suffice to say, M&M does serve up a great plate of catfish. If you're in the mood for crispy, flaky, and well seasoned pieces of fish, you can't go wrong with this order. Note: Half order includes 1 catfish + 2 sides. You may want to go for a full order if your stomach demands it.  I paired my half-order of catfish with fried okra and black eyed peas. Just like they sound, they did my body good.***Cornbread pancakes - These come free to your table as something to munch on while waiting for food. They are usually incredibly fluffy and fall apart with a savory crumble with each bite, but my most recent visit came off a little dry.***Muddy water - Pretty much a drink like an Arnold Palmer. Half iced tea, half lemonade. Their lemonade really does pack a sweet punch, so it does stand out above the usual Arnold Palmer.The wait for the food was a little on the long side. We must have waited 20-30 minutes for our plates to arrive. The friendly staff made sure my coffee mug was never empty. Plus, the cornbread pancakes continuously came to our table to plump us up during the wait.As they say, soul food sticks to your ribs. Over here at M&M Soul Food Cafe, not only did the food stick to my ribs, rear-end, and whatever flab that was hanging off of my body, it did also ingrain itself a spot in my brain as my favorite spot for chicken and waffles.
4	Soul food in Vegas?  Yes, please. I saw that M & M was highly rated on Yelp and I wanted fried chicken, so we ventured here. It is way off the strip, we drove into what seemed like a working class neighborhood - when we walked in, they thought we were lost! Once we assured them we wanted to eat, all was well and we were seated. We ordered the smothered fried chicken and the pork chops, with mac and cheese and okra for sides. Everything was super good. The fried chicken skin was crispy and the chicken itself was juicy. The gravy was typical southern brown gravy deliciousness. No complaints on the mac and cheeses or okra either. I actually restrained myself a bit and saved room for banana pudding. My sister had never had southern style banana pudding and she was floored. It was super good!Definitely a good spot if you want to get away from the buffets of the strip. I'll be back for the chicken and waffles next time!
4	I went here for breakfast and I seriously cannot wait to go back for lunch. If this cafe hadn't been almost full, I totally would have licked the plate. I was with a group of 3, all first timers, and we agreed that we would  be coming back soon. I ordered the fried chicken wings and waffles, of course, as I am a huge fan of this dish and order it whenever it's on the menu. The ONLY time I eat fried chicken is when It's accompanied with a buttered waffle and smothered in maple syrup. If I'm gonna go, I wanna go all the way. Wings are not my preferred piece of  the chicken but that is a small thing and I'm willing to overlook it because the waffles were awesome. Perfectly soft, chewy texture and I'm pretty sure I detected a hint of cinnamon. They were a perfect compliment to the fried chicken. I might be spoiled for this dish at any other restaurant. The catfish plate with two eggs, grits and toast was really tasty too. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the grits didn't require any doctoring up. They were good without any added butter or sugar. The third breakfast entree was corn beef hash. I didn't try it, not really my thing.  I'm guessing it was good though because there wasn't one bite left on the plate. This building is in a state of slight disrepair. It looks a little rundown but don't let that keep you away. It's just part of the charm. The two waitresses that served my table were great. Fast and efficient service with a friendly smile. Everyone was busy and doing their part to make this place run smoothly. It was about 9:30 in the morning on a week day and while this place wasn't packed, it was still busy and they kept everything going like a well oiled machine.
4	Soul food in Vegas?  Uh, yeah.  I am from Chicago and soul food restaurants here are plenty.  Some good, some bad.  All of them are filled with homey, down-to-earth personnel that make you feel you're at your grandmother's house.  This is a good thing if the food is worth it.So I have been wanting to try M&M for a few years now after reading all the good reviews on many LV boards.  Finally tried it yesterday morning and am glad I did.  Being on West Charleston, I know the area leaves much to be desired, but so is every other soul food restaurant I've been to.  The inside is diner-looking with music blaring, several tables and a counter.  The personnel was a surprise with their almost-formal attire.  Interesting.  We walk in and I hear, "hey, how yall doing?" LOUDLY.  Yeah, that's a sign this is going to be good.  Following is what we ordered:Chicken Wings and Waffles, side of two eggs over medium:  The chicken wings - oh, the chicken wings!  Hot, fresh and oh so golden.  I tore the wing apart and smiled with I saw the smoke rising from this wonderful morsel.  The waffles were oval in shape and were soft with a maple flavor even before I put the syrup on.  Delicious.  The eggs were eggs, no complaint.Turkey Sausage and eggs, grits and toast:  Everything was cooked to perfection.With coffees all around, we got out of there with a bill of $22.15.The service was a bit slow, but they were swamped so again, no complaints.All told, I will be back.  Imagine that, soul food in Vegas.
5	On the high reccomendation of a friend...we took a trip off the beaten path for some soul food in Las Vegas.  M&M had some high praises to live up to and I was excited to see if all the hype was justified.Our party of 3 got 2 orders of the fried chicken and one order of the oxtails on the reccomendation of the owner himself...first, the fried chicken...mmmmmm...one of the best fried chicken I have ever had! The oxtails were just as good, if not better! Almost like braised shortribs if you ask me...plus the oxtails were as big as my fists! Each order came with 3 sides, my favorites being the fried okra and the red beans and rice.  Included with every order are these scrumptous cornmeal pancakes! Ohh, those pancakes!!! They were so good we had the waitress bring a second order of them BEFORE our food came out!Not only was the food good here, all the wait staff and even the owner was pleasent...we had a nice 5 minute conversation with the owner once he found out we were from Hawaii, telling us that his daughter was born in Hawaii.M&M is definately a staple from now on during every trip to Sin City!
4	Mmm Mmm good...Im from Los Angeles and we have a few good soul food restaurants to choose from, when i moved here I hadn't had such great luck finding a good one until I went here.Omg DELICIOUS the food is so so so good.I ordered the BBQ spareribs with yams and cornbread dressing as my sides, the meat was falling off the bone and was so tender and the BBQ sauce was of the chain, the yams were so sweet and delicious and the cornbread dressing well lets just say i could have had seconds and thirds of it. My plate was completely empty by the end of the meal and I still had room for banana pudding which was homemade just like everything else. The waitress was very friendly and on point with my refills of their delicious sweet tea.I cant wait to return here again by far one of my favorite places to eat and it was worth every penny.
3	We went in wanting breakfast only to find out they stop serving at 12:00.So we decided lunch would be OK. I ordered the seafood gumbo.The bf ordered the short rib with beans and rice and mac and cheese that were average. the gumbo was slimy and greasy and more slime the okra had made the gumbo the consistency of snot. The attentive waitress noticed that i did not care for it and she took it off the bill. The service here cant be beat and there breakfast is delish. I heard whispers behind me must have been from regular customers "she didn't like the gumbo?"  no sadly i did not . 24.00 for two lunch. will be back but only for breakfast.
3	Pros:The food was great.Tried the dressing, mac and cheese, ribs, snapper.Cons:The server forgot about a few times and I had to use a friends fork to eat.The portions are kind of small for the prices.
3	I have been contemplating this over the last few days. My first instinct is this place deserves a 2 star. Breaking it down this place does better. Food: 4 star             = Good foodservice: 1 star          = Waitress passed by us 11 times without filling my drink(Muddy water), and we  have coupon for restraunt.com but they said "you can't use this on the weekends". No where on the certificate does it say that that we can't use it.price: 2 star              = Since I couldn't use the certificate I think it was overpriced.Quality: 5 star           = The chicken and macaroni cheese is great.Quantity: 4 stars       = string beans isn't the same as string beans w/potatoes16/5 = 3.2 stars
3	I want to like this place more. I've had it bookmarked for months, and when I finally got to it.. it just wasn't very exciting.The place was packed when I went in with my boyfriend and it took a while for a server to come to our dilapidated booth and take our drink orders. I understand they're busy, and I understand this isn't a fine dining establishment. No problem. After our drink orders are taken, a long while passes before our food orders are taken. I order the fried chicken, white meat, mac n cheese, collards. Boyfriend orders chicken and waffles. I get my fried chicken and wait as is polite since his food wasn't there yet.. even though I'm certain waiting to eat hot fried chicken is really one of the hardest things a person can endure. It was definitely a test of love. Five minutes pass by and his food still hasn't gotten there, he insists I start, I do not argue. The chicken was lightly battered and really really dry. I also had the problem of it being very salty as previous viewers have mentioned. Not inedible, just too salty. His food finally comes 10 minutes after mine was dropped off. He isn't ecstatic about it, but loves my mac n cheese which I find too mushy and greasy and bland. Collards are pretty standard, cold by the time I dug in.Overall, poor service, dry chicken, and no refills on our muddy waters. I'd give it another chance if it wasn't out of the way for me.. but it is. And so I won't.
4	Today, me, the wife and child visited this establishment for breakfast.  While the outside of the restaurant is not particularly attractive, the inside is neat, clean and has two plasma TV's with Sportcenter.  That's always a good start.  We were allowed to seat ourselves.  From a fabulous southern/soul food selection, I was the most adventurous, ordering the liver and onions for about $6.00.  My meal came with the choice of potatoes, grits, or rice; two eggs made to order, and a biscuit or toast.  I had the grits and the bisquit.  The liver was covered with brown gravy and onions.  The portion was huge, and I did not finish it.  The biscuit was small but tasty.  The grits were good as far as I could tell.  My wife is the grits lover, and she said they were tops.  My wife ordered the cheese omelette.  I also tried a few bites.  This is not the typical omelette that his a majority of fluffy eggs with a little bit of cheddar.  This is more like a flat, triple folded omelette filled with cheese and cheese on top.  Everyone has their priorities with omelettes, ours is more about the cheese than the egg, so we were delighted.  Her omelette with choice of toast came to $6.99.  There was no child's menu, but for $4.00, we purchased the french toast.  We tend to eat "family style" and the kid at my eggs, then ate most of the french toast, careful to avoid the dreaded crust.  I tried the french toast and it was six half slices of battered bread with a hint of cinnamon.  It was delicious.  Our coffee was $1.50, and the waitress was attentive, keeping the cup filled.  I would say that we were able to eat 2/3 of the meal, and we arrived pretty hungry.  If you are tired of the usual breakfast, you can't go wrong with this place.
4	Fried Chicken OR Fried Pork Chops are the best I've ever had.When the food arrived the conversation came to a complete stop while we all savored the dishes we ordered.We went early in the week and later in the evening so it was full but not mobbed.Service was warm and very friendly.I could easily see anyone eating this home style cooking once a week.Decor, flimsy silverware and cramped dining room bring it down a star but the people and the food are completely worth the visit and there is take out available.
4	If you want Soulfood, you'll get it here.  It may not be my Grandmas cooking, but gotta someone else's Grandma's cooking, because of the home cooked taste of the food. I need to go back and try other items on the menu, But I had the Fried Chicken Cornbread, Collard Greens, and the Mac'n Cheese. So good.  I gotta go back.
4	They have the best Ox Tail ! It was so tender and a half of an order is still huge! I ordered two sides Red Beans and Rice and Potato Salad. The rice was okay but I'm not used to having the gravy on it. The salad was a little on the sweet side.The stand out items for me were the Ox tail, Banana Pudding and the Muddy Waters. I was sorry that I ordered the lemon cake once I had a bite of the Banana pudding. It was comfort food at it's best!  The lemon cake was good but I would choose the pudding over it any day!
4	I came here with no expectations since it didn't seem like much from the outside but I was happy once I received my food. I had the short ribs with gravy and a side of mac and cheese and cabbage. The ribs were so tender and delicious, the mac and cheese was good but needed a little more melted cheese on top. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles and the chicken was really good.
4	Food was great but felt a little akward becue me and my friend were the only white guys thier, it felt like i was the big elephant in the room. Not the great service but the food was awsome!!!
5	Can't say enough good things, wish I could be a regular here! 5 stars on the quality and taste of the food and amazing service to top it all off! A restaurant.com coupon brought us here during a visit from San Diego. The fried chicken was the best I've ever had and so were the collard greens. We also had the catfish and grilled pork chop w onions and peppers (special request) amazing!!!!  Eat here if you like soul food!
4	So, I had never been to a "soul food" restaurant before and really wasn't sure what to expect, food wise, but already knew what I was going to order... Chicken and waffles! Best decision I ever made... Ok, not really, but as far as "soul food" goes it was!The chicken was perfectly seasoned and delicious and I'm not a huge fan of waffles/pancakes, but the waffles were THE BEST I have ever had! The wait staff were super friendly and attentive.The second time around (different trip), the food was not as good as I remember. I had the smothered pork chops (seriously amazing!) and three sides. I believe I got mac & cheese and potato salad. The portion was HUGE, and what I didn't realize is I got the full order (option for half order), so unless you have a big appetite, I suggest getting the half order. The sides were less than satisfying... Mac & Cheese was so-so and the potato salad was just gross. The wait staff the second time around were less attentive, but it also was alot busier.Though the second visit wasn't as good as the first, I still really enjoy the food and will definitely be coming back!
5	I thought I had wrote a review here when I tried it for the first time but I guess I just checked in. I was reviewing all my reviews when i noticed i missed mine for M & M. So i wanted to write mine. I have tried Roscoe's chicken and waffles in Los Angeles, Ca several times. I was very excited to find M & Ms where i could get chicken and waffles. I have to admit it was delicious! I just remember when i was eating, when i would eat the waffles i would say yummm the waffles taste the best, then i would take a bite of the chicken and say oh nooo the chicken is the best. and this just kept going back and forth the whole entire meal. I was soo stuffed by the end but i wanted to keep eating more. I would definitely come here again and recommend this place to everyone! =D really enjoyed my experience here.
5	Absolutely loved this place when I went there while I was on a business trip. Since then I have bought a second home in Las Vegas and plan on frequenting this place whenever I have a chance.
5	This place is just freakin awesome!!!Great service great food great value. Shared the gumbo and smothered fried chicken with the boyfriend and it was more than enough food for the both of us. The fried chicken would definitely have to be my fave. Their gravy is very savory and definitely compliments their fried chicken. The boyfriend also ordered a Muddy Water and he said it was THE BEST LEMONADE + ICED TEA hes ever had in his life. We got refill after refill and the nice waitress even asked us if we wanted one to go. Only downside is that its in a so-so location. Would definitely come back here again for some good ol' soul food.
5	To me, a great restaurant focuses on getting out good food with great service.  They definitely deliver here - it's as down home as you can get.
2	I was not impressed.  My catfish tasted like some aquariums smell.
5	Hands down this is some good soul food. I had some fried pork chops and the food was the bomb.  MAc and cheese, yams were good as well- i really didn't care for the greens(something was missing).Yummy yummy yummy
2	Well, i did not like the food at this place much at all, well maybe because I'm not a huge soul food fan. Fried chicken was OK but very greasy and the oxtail was very fatty and it was deep friend and smothered with gravy didn't really taste anything special about it, it was just salty and fatty. I went to this place to try the gumbo but unfortunately it wasn't available on the day, so i might go there ones more to try that but not sure.
5	I am no expert on soul food, but the fried chicken is finger lickin' good. Please don't sue me, big chicken company. My sister is on this obnoxious health kick where she cringes at the mention of good food. I am from the school of eat it in moderation, so I dragged her here anyways.What we ordered? Three piece dark meat meal and the oxtails. Like people have mentioned before, there is a disclaimer that it takes 20 minutes for fried food. We were sitting there for five minutes and got our food before people who were there before us. We were surprised, but were not worried because the food was amazing. The fried chicken was super moist, crispy, and steaming hot. My sister got a side of fried okra, green beans, and mac'n'cheese. I got yams, greens, and red beans and rice. All my sides were way better. She loved hers, but my choices were still infinitely superior. The oxtail was generously portioned and fall off the bone tender. There was so much food that we were able to pack a box to take home. I know it is bound to be a delicious snack later. Maybe it is good that it is farther away from where I live. I can imagine how much weight I would gain if I lived closer by.
2	I visited Las Vegas this weekend and was told that M & M was the best, which is partially true. I had the fried chicken on Saturday which was okay...I've had better at Popeyes and my boyfriend agreed since I ended up giving him the rest of it. I tasted his fried catfish which was some of the best I've ever had. So good, in fact, that we went back again on Monday. This time the fish was just as tasty, but the service was horrible. We never received a menu and when the waitress came to take our order 20 minutes later she had an attitude. She walked up to the table and said, "what y'all want." She didn't offer a smile, say sorry for the wait or offer us a menu! Overall the catfish, red beans and rice and mac n cheese was delicious, but I will not be returning because of the service received.
4	I had to try this out myself after reading all the positive reviews about how good the food here is.  I ordered the oxtail and fried chicken with their famous gravy on the side to go.  I was surprised how big the orders were.  The price is definitely reasonable for the portion it comes in.  Now for the food, it was absolutely delicious! The oxtail was so tender and it's sauce was so flavorful.  The chicken was mediocre.  It just tasted ordinary. But, it could be due to it sitting in the to go box for half an hour. So, I wouldn't judge it too harshly since food tastes a lot better fresh out the stove.  My daughter loved the mac and cheese it came with :) I would definitely come back to this place again. The owners and cashier were super friendly as well which makes this place A++++!
2	The great smothered fried chicken did not compensate for being treated like a second class citizen!The entree's and sides reminded me of being at Peaches in Jackson, Mississippi.  Unfortunately, sitting beside the window with the summer sun beating through and no blinds installed at the dinning area, eating the food was uncomfortable at best.  Beyond that, the slow and rude service made my party feel as if the folks at M & M were doing us a favor by allowing us to eat at there restaurant.  I'll make better soul food at home and let M & M treat others so poorly as they clearly do not value their customers.
5	Let me just tell you!!!!!!!  It was amazeballs!As a connoisseur of THE FRIED CHICKEN, I can say.. this is one of the best I've had in a long time.  As soon as I bit into that chicken.. Cruncy, Juicy, right spices.. just perfect.  Here's what we ordered:  Fried Chicken and Waffles, Ala Carte Fried Chicken Plate (cus we're greedy like that), Oxtail, mac n cheese, greens and Gravy over Rice. EVERYTHING was sooo good.  I won't go into detail.. just PUHHHLEASE trust me!!!!Soooo.. if you are in VEGAS and you want good food with no fuss and have a LOT of SOUL... Head on down to M&M Soul Food Cafe.. You won't regret it!This one will be permanently on my itinerary when I go to VEGAS!!!!AMAZEBALLS!
2	I desperately want to love this place but I don't.  It's expensive and kinda bland.  The space is a little on the nasty side too.  The red kool-aid and the corncake pancakes are really good.
5	YUM!!!!! The staff is super nice and very attentive.  I got the fried chicken with red beans and rice and potato salad, oh and a sweet tea. SO FREAKIN GOOD!!!!!! Can't wait to go back for more.
4	Today we had a desire for some soul, food that is and so we headed to M & M soul food.  We parked on the west side and walked in and found a table right away.  We got our drink orders out of the way and began studying the menu.Soon we notice that there was not one single table left unoccupied, it had filed up quickly.  We got our food order in and I got the smothered pork chop with sweet potatoes and greens.  I also got a side order of fried okra one of my very favorite vegetable.The food came out slowly, but came pipping hot and down right good.  I could tell there was a lot of soul put into the food, the gravy covering my chop was rich and had a caramel color that was spot on.  The chop itself was tender and almost fell a part.  My side dishes were very fresh and just seasoned right.  A very good meal.  I guess the best time to come is right before the Sunday crowd!
2	M & M Soul Food Cafe is a hit or miss restaurant.  Every time I go there, I have to send my food back because it is not done right.  The chicken wings are always dry because they over cook them.  However, when they re-do them, they are usually pretty decent.  I should not have to go through this to get decent food.  I am burnt out and will not go back.  The M & M's in California is not any better!
4	A bit over priced in my opinion but the food was very tasty. Homemade corn bread pancakes, fried okra, fried chicken and catfish, mashed potatoes and collard greens. Although the food is well seasoned, be sure to order water because it was quite salty.The service was good and friendly, we got our food quickly but there weren't many other customers while we were there.
5	"Salads are too healthy for us." This was stated to another party at M&M when they inquired over any leafy salads they might offer. This is certainly not food that should be eaten every day (see health rates for states like Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisiana as reference), but it sure is a treat for every now and then. Absolutely affordable, definitely delicious, and the wait staff -- at least when we visited (Thursday night; waitress: Toni) was wonderful. I have a feeling that they are usually wonderful.The cornbread pancakes are incredible. I ordered pork chops, smothered, and sides of rice/ beans, yams, and fried okra. Dessert: sweet potato pie. All delicious, and brought very fast to our table. Normally, I do not consume even a fraction of the daily recommended amount of sodium or fat, so eating this much salt/lipids was not really a concern to me (I gained .2 pounds in morning weigh ins after eating here). I definitely need to return for some chicken and waffles and for the banana pudding. Next time I will probably inquire over purchasing some cornbread pancakes to take home. - E
5	Wow, good stuff!  Staff is super friendly and chef is very accomodating.  My cousin ordered the fried chicken breast as boneless and they didn't hesitate to fulfill her request.  Wow, talk about top notch southern fried chicken!  The chef came out to make sure she was pleased, too!  The cornbread pancakes were yummy as a starter.  I had the fried cat fish with sides of collard greens and mac & cheese.  There are full and half orders.  Half orders are already big in portion, so you are warned LOL  My party of 4 shared a sweet potato pie ... OMG to die for!!!  Highly recommended.  Enjoy the celebrity photos/guests on the wall who enjoyed the restaurant, too.
5	I came here on a recommendation from a friend and WHAT A GEM!  M&M is legit.  The food, the service, the atmosphere, the overall friendliness and vibe are amazing.  If you want a down-home, comfort food experience in Las Vegas, M&M is where to go.My food highlights:1. Corn Pancakes - Order as many as you can.  These suckers are freaking addicting and ohh so orgasmically good.  Slightly crispy exterior, butter soft interior, with amazing flavor.2. Chicken and Waffles - Man the chicken is moist, crispy and NEVER dry.  The waffles are sweet and fluffy and don't forget the hot sauce and syrup!3. Oxtail - *DROOOLLLLLL*. I love oxtail, and the gravy that drowns the super tender oxtail... I shudder to think about the awesomeness.4. Ribs - Tender... Check. Tasty... Check. Order it? Do it.5. Gumbo - Order a small because honestly, after all of the above, can you fit anymore?  Smokey, with a bit of spice and full of seafood. NOM!If you are in Vegas on a random Sunday afternoon looking to kill some time and gain some weight, go to M&M's and you will not regret it at all!
5	So a friend of mine recommended this spot, as he and his friends come here quite often.  Now I see why.   Being from Hawaii, you don't see many Southern comfort food places back home, so I was game to try something different.  First off, unfortunately the day that we went, they had a power outage, but the restaurant and kitchen were still open and happily serving customers.  Right off the bat, I could feel welcomed as the waitresses and even the owner welcomed us in.  Everybody was so kind and genuinely cared about their customer service, so it showed.My friend ordered his usual, the oxtails and I ordered the smothered chicken.  We both had the mac & cheese sides, as well as the red beans and rice and collard greens.  I also ordered a side order of hot wings and some sweet tea.While we were waiting for our meals, they serve you these amazing corn bread pancakes. They were piping hot and had just the right amount of sweetness and crunch along the edges.  When our entrees came, I couldn't wait to dig in.  I tried my smothered chicken first and the chicken was still crispy and so hot and juicy.  Then the gravy hits you......omg that gravy.  So tasty.  I had a bite of my friends oxtails and they were amazing as well.  Not too fatty, super tender, and swimming in that wonderful gravy.  I also loved the hot wings too, as they were incredibly crunchy, juicy, and quite meaty.  I thank my friend for introducing me to this spot.  Had it not been for him, I wouldn't have ever known about this gem*** On a side note, I know that the owner fully understands and lives customer service.  As we were wrapping up our meal, one of the customers requested if they could sit outside (power was out remember?, and the restaurant was a little warm).  Without hesitation, he jumped into action and set up a table for 2 outside the restaurant for them.  The owner did this.  Now if that's not  a man who cares about his customers, I don't know what is.
5	The service (Janean) was nothing less than excellent, the food was very very good. When I'm back in Vegas, I'll definitely visit again. I had the smothered chicken, collard greens, mashed potatoes and the sweet potatoes. And ended it with the banana pudding (which was excellent). Love love it!
4	Had lunch with coworkers and we were all satisfied with service and food. Entrees: Oxtails and Fried Chicken. Sides: Cabbage, Macaroni and Cheese, Black eyed peas, Candied Yams. We were all comforted with each bite. The food was definitely good for our souls.
3	I love how they start your meal off with complimentary cornbread pancakes, that was yummy for sure.We were in the mood for breakfast however during the week they stop serving breakfast at 11am, so we ordered off the lunch/dinner menu instead.I decided on short ribs with mac and cheese, cornbread stuffing for my sides. My babez ordered meatloaf, mac and cheese, fried okra.  We both ordered half orders which come with two sides. I ordered the kool-aid which they give free refills on and I love how they serve the drinks out of mason jars that is an Awesome cute touch!The kool-aid was delicious, just like the 80's kool-aid I grew up on! I sure wish I could make it this good at home!The food was good but I had such high expectations that I found myself disappointed with the overall food. :(The mac and cheese, we both prefer my homemade classic recipe I make at home as theirs was good but nothing I would have to come here to eat. The fried okra has a thick cornmeal batter on it that kind of overpowers the taste of the okra. The cornbread stuffing is made with real cornmeal cornbread however was dry, without the gravy on top I would not have finished it. I make better meals than this at home, so I don't know if I can justify coming back for a meal. However may be back for Kool-aid and to try their banana pudding dessert! The short ribs were tender and delicious for sure, as I really enjoyed the meat falling off of the bone!The star at this place is the kool-aid and the Fantastic service! The Servers at this joint really know how to make you feel welcome!We might be back to give it another shot and order different things on the menu as I am just not satisfied wih this rating. I want it to be better than just OK so I will really make an attempt to come back and try again. I really wanted to love it, however I was just disappointed because it was nothing special and did not live up to the hype!
3	I love soul food so I thought I'd give this place a try. They always have advertisements on the radio for M&M. Been here twice now, & got their chicken & waffles. I think it's just alright. Their muddy water's really good. You get it from a jar, so it goes well with the theme. The place is over-priced for simple food, therefore I'm not sure if I'll be back. The portions don't match up with it. In addition, it's just not the cleanest place. However, if anyone finds a menu item that's worth the drop-by, I'd like the heads up.
5	Oh my gosh, yes! M & M has the best friend chicken I have ever had!!! The batter not too thick and very well seasoned and the inside was really moist even if I ordered white meat. My sides were mac n cheese and fried okra. Mac n cheese was delish and fried okra was pretty standard. This place is a must try for anyone, I was in the area with a hungry stomach and thought "hey why not try it out?" since it has been on my list for ages now. My server Jania (sp?) was super nice and she referred to me as baby (lol), I thought it was cute and made her very hospitable. I'm sure everyone knows it's in a sketchy shopping center on Charleston & Valley View, but as I parked and walked to the entrance it felt even worse. Oh well, take the risk because its worth it! There is also a few security with guns inside the restaurant. The outside is pretty dead, but inside you'll see a restaurant full of people. You will also see a mixture of patrons eating, which is comforting to know they give their love to everyone!
4	WOW.....This place can teach a lot to the "hole" in the Crenshaw district of LA with the same name.  Not only is this place much cleaner, the wait staff are nice and check on you to make sure the experience is good.The cornbread pancakes are so good. What a nice way to launch into you're meal.  Some of you may be disgusted and I don't care but I'm a huge fan of Chitterlings and I got a good serving at M&M's. Taste almost as good as mine and my Mom's.  Add Mac n' Cheese, Collard's and rice and gravy and I was a happy camper.  Thank God I have friends I can visit in Vegas because next time I' back, I'll be stopping by M&M's.  I have a good feeling everything on the menu is really good.
3	Originally went in for the $5 lunch special only to find out it's one piece of chicken, red beans and potato salad. So I ordered fish. Too expensive with an "ok" value. $9.99 for one piece of fish and two sides?!?! My sweet tea remained empty until I asked for the check the waitress asked if I wanted a refill. Will not return
5	We had a large party of 22 & although we couldn't make reservations, we didn't have to wait long too order and were seated within 5 minutes. It was a Sunday, so we went at 12:30 to avoid the after church rush. Never thought I would be able to find such good soul food in viva las Vegas. It's great, I always get the smothered chicken, greens, & Mac & cheese. The sweet tea/lemonade mix is awesome & the service is great! The owner was even running around hustling & bustling with a constant cheerful demeanor.
5	Great breakfast. The best biscuits anywhere!
5	I loved my first experience here.Upon entering with my sister and one year old niece we sat where ever we pleased.I've driven by many many many times, but the inside was a lot nicer than I expected. I think the recently renovated. I hate eating with my niece because she's a baby and causes a scene. Anyone who loves food knows that eating is an experience and I hate to ruin other people's experience with a toddler causing a raucous.The staff here won her over and had her smiling, laughing, and behaving. Even the other customers were laughing at her. She doesn't do we'll with strangers so this put me at ease. In return my opinion of the staff is very high. We had help from about five people. She also dropped about three forks that the staff replaced every time with a smile. That little part aside..I CAME FOR THE FRIED CHICKEN! I love fried chicken and I had really high hopes after being disappointed by Meat and three just the night before.You could choose a full or half portion. Full was 3 pieces of chicken with three sides for $15 half was 3 pieces and 2 sides for $9.99I had Mac and cheese, collard greens, and mashed potatoes.Before my fried chicken came out they serve a corn bread pancake with butter. I could eat a million of these. They were yummy.For a drink I had red kook aid !The brought all the food at once.The fried chicken was fresh, cooked perfect, but I hate to say nothing special. It was very good fried chicken, but not what I hoped for southern fried chicken to taste like. I don't knock the chicken. I just had very high expectations.It was my first time trying collard greens and I wasn't a fan.Their Mac and cheese was special though. Next time I'd order three portions of it. YUMM. I DROOL. It's that good.The mashed potatoes were just average. They honestly tasted boxed and the gravy wasn't particularly good either.The kook aid was very good but maybe a tad too sweet. It was $2.50 and we didn't get a refill.For dessert I had peach cobbler. It was very good but a bit watery. I wish their was more dough and peach rather than watery sauce.Overall I really loved this place.It may not sound like it from the review, but the food, staff, and overall experience was awesome. Next time I'm trying different sides and ill be having my fried chicken smothered.
4	Fried Catfish. That's all I have to say
5	This was some of the best chicken I ever had. In it's a must stop in vegas
4	Very good food, large portions and excellent service. Every time I am in Vegas this place is a must!
4	We were there on New Years Day for a "traditional New Years Dinner".  It was great.  We had to wait 30 min for a table because it was so busy, but the staff was very nice about it.  And it was worth the wait.  I had the catfish with red beans and rice.  Their cornbread is pancake style, which surprises some people.
5	We were heading out to Red Rock and passed by this place.Who doesn't like comfort food?Especially fried chicken with okra which was the best I've had.It's very welcoming and homey. The sides we got besides the okra was mac and cheese which was good too.I just liked the overall feel of the place and the food was good. Can't ask for more than that.
5	I would come just for the corn bread and kool aid, the menu is simple and short, everything is done  well and quickly. The food, from the fried chicken to the fried snapper is moist and delicious. The service is friendly and attentive, from the wait staff all the way up to the owner. Great atmosphere, not far from the strip and fair prices make this restaurant worth the trip for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
4	Food was delicious, with the exception of the green beans (possibly canned?) I recommend getting anything you order smothered. Fast friendly service! I'm definitely going back to try the gumbo as they were out of it when I attempted to place my order.
5	Best fried chicken in Vegas. Mac & Cheese is fantastic. The chicken and waffles are tough to pass on as well. Friendly staff always makes you feel welcome.
3	So far I cannot seem to find anybody who makes better Peach Cobbler than here. There could be more pastry in it and less soggy peaches, but overall its texture is not soupy like HnH or just flat out nasty like Happy's Pizza.  Until I find better I will eat their's.  Wish they had a sign outside like Kripy Kreme's so I could know when a fresh batch is done.
5	This place is amazing!!!!! Best fried chicken my taste buds have ever had.Tip: This is not a traditional restaurant with a hostess stand, you have to look for an open table. If you have a large group, then let them know exactly how many and once a table opens up, they will make sure your group gets seated so a party of 2 won't sit at a table for 6.The servers are all friendly and welcoming. We felt like we went to a friend's relatives house for dinner. Recent family vacation, we stayed at Red Rock and looking to grub. We wanted fried chicken and were going to hit up Canes (chain known for chicken fingers), but we were looking for a more sit down place. We Yelped nearby spots and found M&M Soul Food with 4 stars. We went in with a party of 9, We waited about 15 - 20 mins to be seated, but that was fine because were really busy. After being seated we knew what we wanted after looking at the menu and with our big appetites, we ordered everything. Appetizers: Hot wings, sausage links.Entrees: Gumbo, 2 full orders of Fried chicken with gravy on the side. Chicken comes with 3 side items each and Cornbread pancakesThe hot wings were made perfectly crisp with the hot sauce on the side. I prefer it this way so you can actually taste the chicken. The entree fried chicken had so much flavor and right amount of crisp. It wasn't overly breaded like other places do to get that crunch. The gravy was not too salty, too thick, or too thin. And the gumbo, oh the gumbo was filled with meat. They filled that sucker with sausage, full crab legs, and chicken. Every bite had so much meat, flavor, and deliciousness! If you are looking for homemade chicken with lots of flavor and taste that will melt in your mouth, then definitely give this place a try.
4	The Smothered Fried Chicken was incrediable!!
4	Went for a quick dinner. I gotta say, from beginning to end, this place was fantastic. I really enjoy their food. I ate the Short Ribs 1/2 Order, wow, tenderness all the way. And I gotta say, Tonisha and Honey are 2 of the most awesome people, they are super friendly and make you feel at home (really the whole staff, but today both of these  ladies stood out). Getting back to the food, it was great, the short ribs were tender, and the collard greens were very tasty, no bitter like in some other places I've been. The one thing was that I had a hot link appetizer and it was over cooked just a bit and dry inside, but I blame myself because I ordered it after I got my dinner. I have also been here for breakfast/early lunch, and they breakfast items are really good. Everyone here makes you feel at home.Thank you All.
5	Looking for a soul food place better than mama can make? This is it. I had the fried chicken with a side of Mac and cheese and greens. Wow! That was the bomb! Really good.
5	Best fried catfish evvveeerr!!!
2	I've had better yams and mac n cheese. Chicken and waffles were good but I think that'll change after I taste BurntSugars!
4	Ok...I'm always hesitant to go to a soul food restaurant. Although I hardly ever eat it now, I was raised on soul food in a family of the best soul food cooks ever. Today was my birthday and my partner surprised me with a trip to M &M. The facility seems very much updated from some of the pics that I've seen on Yelp. It has the feel of a diner. It was very clean and comfortable. I will say that I was a little paranoid with the security guard in front of me with a gun. Interesting, but I suppose I should be happy. The food...to my surprise...VERY GOOD! I had mac & cheese, collard greens, and potato salad. Oh...dare I forget...chitterlings. I was politely corrected...chitlins...I was always corrected as a child too... The corn bread that they bring before the meal was amazing. It was round, light, sweet, and YUM. Then came the meal. The collards were superbly cooked and seasoned. The potato salad was delectable. The mac & cheese was a tad dry,  but good. The "chitterlings" were scrumptious...people passed my table and were asking how they were. I think in general, people are scared to eat them. DON'T BE SCARED....just order and enjoy. My partner ordered rice and beans(just ok), yams (very sweet and good), and BBQ chicken. I was very disappointed in the chicken only because it seemed as if they took their baked chicken and put BBQ sauce on it. That's not BBQ chicken. The baked chicken was good and the BBQ sauce was good, but it wasn't BBQ chicken. Lol...The service was really good. Our server was friendly, attentive, and helpful with food choices. Our food arrived quickly. The prices were comparable to other soul food restaurants. That's another topic that I won't even go into. Overall...a solid four and maybe 4.5 stars.
5	Yes this is real Soul Food, so yes, it is salty, and fatty, and oh so good!They start you off with cornbread pancakes, the most fluffy, buttery little flapjacks you've ever had, and they keep them coming all throughout the meal (so you can get very full just on those!). Drinks are served in jam jars, of course, and anything other than water costs around 2-3$, including red Kool-Aid.They have two specials : One serving of your main dish and two sides, or two servings of your main dish, and three sides.One is enough for me, and I get the battered and fried catfish strips with fried okra, sweet potatoes, or potato salad. The fish is always right out of the frier hot (they warn that fried foods may take up to 20 minutes, so be prepared) and very crispy. They serve it with lemon and you have vinegar at the table if you need it. We have had three of their four desserts: Sweet Potato pie, Peach Cobbler, and the Banana Pudding. All are ridiculously yummy.My boyfriend has had the smother fried pork chops, and the chicken and waffles, both of which he say are really amazing and filling.
3	My review is based on the entire experience. Food & Service. Let me start off by saying that my family and I went here on a Sunday night. Probably should have known that the wait was going to be a little longer than usual. When we walked in, the place was PACKED. The poor little waitresses were running around trying to serve everyone as best they could, but the amount of people seemed to be overwhelming. I'm pretty forgiving so the wait (which was close to an hour and fifteen minutes WITH a toddler) was ALRIGHT. Good thing I had my phone full of kid-apps to keep my little guy entertained. Our waitress probably popped over like 2 times in that hour and fifteen minutes. I feel like she could have popped over a few MORE times, but she seemed so exhausted and overwhelmed, I really just felt bad for her. What really bothered me was our food. First off the served us these little corn cakes, but after waiting forty minutes, I contemplated asking the waitress to give us two more batches because we were famished at that point. When the rest of our food came out (fried chicken, greens, beans, mac n cheese for my boyfriend and another order of fried chicken, this time smothered in gravy and the same sides for me and my little guy) My boyfriends food was hot but I found it odd that mine was cold. I feel like they fried the chicken, left it out for an hour to cool, THEN dumped the luke warm gravy on it. The sides were pretty good. The collards were very flavorful and had a little kick, the beans had just the right amount of seasoning and the mac n cheese was creamy but it would have been nice to have a little bit more cheese. AGAIN, the place was EXTREMELY busy and I'm pretty forgiving; just maybe keep in mind what day you try to come in. And really, I can wait for a while before I start to get really agitated, but I just ask that my food be HOT when it comes out ESPECIALLY having to wait that long. We'll definitely come back ....... on a not-so-busy day.
5	Some of the best soul food I have had in Vegas. Mac and cheese was excellent.
5	Soul food gon' set my soul on fire!  For years I've passed by M&M without ever having the urge to stop and taste the cooking.  Being a fan of chicken n' waffles, I was told by a daily consumer to check the place out.  I came by on a busy Saturday afternoon and boy this place was packed and jive'n.  I ordered without hesitation the Chicken N' Waffles (which is served all day and all night long) and my party placed an order for the Smothered Fried Chicken and the Seafood Gumbo.  The joint was alive with nonstop chatter and played r&b hits from the 80's and 90's.  Our grub was served in no less than 20min.  During our wait, we were constantly bombarded with the warmest most succulent cornbread to come in contact with my tastebuds.  Despite the afternoon rush, our server was very un-rushed, attentive and kept it coming with the cornbread!  The fried chicken and waffles came out in a dish of 3 chicken wings and 2 waffles with a side of butter and syrup.  The wings were fried to saving grace perfection.  Not too salty and not too greasy either.  The waffles were soft and delicious and it seemed like they were made from the same cornbread ingredients.  My life is f'n good.  I got to take a small bite of the smothered friedchicken which was the bomb-diggity and  finished off the left over seafood gumbo.  The gumbo was delish!  Slightly spicy and tangy.. all with a mix of okra, sausage, rice and crab legs.  The gumbo came in a large bowl and ran about $15.  Ain't nothin' better than listening to baby-making Babyface music and makin' love to my fave dish!  Ultimate food-porn!
5	Everytime I go to Vegas, I need to come here off the strip. Well worth the drive!Service - The servers are so happy and helpful. They are very accommodating and will answer any question you have about the menu. I've never had once a complaint about themFood - AMAZING. Fried Chicken and the Catfish are great. They also serve sides of cornbread (HoeCakes) to start.... hmm they are so tasty.  I love getting their lemonade to wash down the grub that this place has.   Ambience - They have upgraded and remodeled the place. So the seats are much more comfortable and their's A/C on those hot days.  Good for small/big groups!$ - Totally affordable. If you're in Vega$, definitely super cheap!!!
4	This place has been busy every time we've been, and understandably so. The food is consistently good and the servers are always friendly. Even the cook has popped out now and then to give us a friendly nod of recognition. The fried chicken is just great, as are pretty much all the sides I've tried : red beans and rice, green beans cooked with bacon and potatoes, rice and gravy, etc.,, but my absolute faves are the yams in syrup - always hot and the perfect amount of sweet, and their amazing cornbread dressing that I wish I could make at home. I would be the Queen of Thanksgiving! Banana pudding would put a smile back on Paula Deen's face. My only quarrels: I wish they were open a little later - 8 pm comes awfully quick, especially in summer, and I know it's soul food, but I wish they at least offered a couple of lighter options like fresh fruit or green salad. Again, in summer, gravy-covered everything can get mighty oppressive.
5	Thanks to other Yelpers here we found this amazing gem, my family and I thoroughly enjoyed our 1st family dinner here in Las Vegas.  The food is very authentic, scrumptious and absolute heaven for our taste buds.  The staff are very sweet, charming,friendly and very attentive to us; their smiles are genuine and an added bonus to our wonderful experience at M&M  . I am absolutely recommending this wonderful establishment.
5	my 1st real soul food cafe, so if i find better, i'll have to bump down to 4 stars to be legit.   the staff are wonderful in every way, & friendly.  i like that the place is huge, so plenty of seats.  the 3 sides i had were worth getting again , & again.  the smothered fried chicken was juicy(very important) & the gravy was the best i've had in my 44 years.  more choice of hotsauces would be great.   i'll go outta my way for this place.  fun, friendly, unhealthy, exciting & tasty
5	The best friend chicken my husband and I ever had! And their gravy is so Yums! Pick a side, any side and you won't be disappointed. We enjoyed the pancake bread they give you before your meal too. Mmmm! Don't forget to get their sweet tea or their muddy water! We had lunch there today, and we wanna go back for dinner! Yup! If not tonight we are definitely returning!
4	Came in for an early Monday night dinner.  Got seated right away. I had Cherry Kool-Aid to drink, and the first sip immediately brought me back to my childhood. I love how food/drink can do that to you. Unlimited refills, but $2.50 seemed expensive for just Kool-Aid. They serve cornbread... in pancake form! Kind of quirky at dinner but I like quirky and they were actually really good! 2 thin pancakes served on a plate per person. It already made me want to come back and try their breakfast menu. I ordered the BBQ Chicken (white meat, 1/2 portion) and it was delicious. The meat was really tender and fell right off the bone. I wouldn't say it was actually BBQ chicken, but rather chicken they made and poured some great BBQ sauce on top of. I just wished the portion was bigger for the price. All I had was a tiny breast and tiny wing under globs of sauce. My husband had the meatloaf (full platter, which is 2 slices instead of 1) which was very bland and unimpressive. As for sides, we liked the fried okra, yams (really sweet!), and rice & beans. The mac & cheese and black-eyed peas were just okay. I would've liked to have tried their dessert but we decided to save that for our next trip here.The service was friendly and somewhat attentive.This review wouldn't be complete without mentioning the huge security guard that manned the restaurant. I guess it might be considered a sketchy neighborhood (they close at 8pm - kinda early?) but I couldn't decide whether I felt safer or less safe with his presence. You couldn't help but notice the firearm on his belt in plain view.
3	Service was good. Just dont get the fish. It was hard and very fishy we did wait about a half an hour to get our food. But that was fine they were busy. The only reason I am giving this 3 stars is because my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles and they were awesome. So I will go back but I will just be ordering the chicken and waffles. There sweet tea was good to.
4	The corn pancakes are the stars of this restaurant. It sets your palate up for the greasy salty fried chicken. Arnold Palmer is a must to wash down some of the grease lingering in the esophagus. Food comes at a Southern pace too. It's OK though, just eat more corn pancakes. Service is excellent and the owner swings by every so often. Southern hospitality! Reminds me of my childhood in Mississippi (I have to sing the song every time I spell this state)!
4	It's not just the fantastic down home cooking although the Fried Catfish and fresh southern cooked vegetables are to die for. It ain't even the fact that the place is squeaky clean and no frills. It's the staff and make it a great place to go, they are courteous, welcoming and attentive.Great place to go and enjoy everything M&M's has to offer.
4	WHO: To anyone and everyone who hasn't had a little soul food in their lives, be my guest! & to those who have had soul food, go ahead and have some more!WHY: If you're hungry, YOU'RE HUNGRY!WHEN: The cafe is open Monday-Sunday from 7am-8pm.WHERE: Located on Charleston & Valley View.WHAT: I have been waiting all month for this day to come! My girlfriends and I have been planning a lunch date to the cafe and we finally pulled through!First and foremost... hands down the best customer service ever! All of the servers were phenomenal, kept coming back to give us water, asking if we were okay, and the owner (or who I believe was the owner) came to our table to greet us and asked if everything was fine. As I was looking through the menu, I was overwhelmed with excitement and full of joy! I ordered the full fried chicken (white meat) and it came with three sides. I chose macaroni & cheese, potato salad, and collared greens. I personally loved the collared greens, but the sides were okay. The chicken, on the other hand was cripy, well-seasoned, and delicious!! OH YEAH! HOW COULD I FORGET! Prior to bringing your meal out, they give you corn bread pancakes, which I absolutely love! The perfect flavor & goodness, I wanted more!I was so happy about everything, I ordered pork chops to go for my brother (which I also snagged a piece). That was really good too!!BIG UPS TO M&M SOUL FOOD, AS I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas I eat here at least twice. The best southern soul food ever. Great menu with large portions. Super friendly staff and good prices. You have to try the muddy water (ice tea & lemonade mix). It comes in a mason jar!
2	very good service food was alright.
4	It really is a good as everyone says.  We went with a big group so I was able to taste a little of everything...Fried Chicken - really favorful Fried Catfish - 1 piece was a little over cooked making it tough but the flavor on the breading was fantastic.  The second piece was perfectOx Tail - (what I ordered) Meat falling off the bone goodness.  Plenty of natural grave and juices that the smoothering of the house gravy was almost not neccesary.  It is a bit gristly for those who are squimish on fat but that's what give ox tail such flavor.Sides - Fried okra was the star though they were all good.  Mac and cheese underwhelmed a bit.Will definitely go back for more!
5	Great food and great staff!! The BBQ chicken was so soft and tender and if they had such a thing as bottomless banana pudding I don't think I would ever stop.
5	Came here for my first taste of Chicken and Waffles.  Now, no place compares.  The waffles are amazing, the chicken is good, the ox tails melt in your mouth, the corn cakes are fought over and the kool aid is heaven.  I bring all my friends here when I'm in Vegas and everyone loves it!  Servers are friendly but I'm usually the only Asian person there which feels kinda weird. Orgasmic eye rolls every single time I'm there but too bad they seem to forget to bring me extra corn cakes when I ask :(
2	I don't know if I came on a bad day or what, but I didn't enjoy the food here. The staff and atmosphere was great and friendly, don't get me wrong. I just didn't enjoy the food as much as I thought I would. I ordered the catfish and oxtail, which were actually really good! It's just the sides that were below par. The macaroni was bland and didn't taste much like cheese at all. Even the table behind me made a complaint to the waitress about the macaroni. The greens were cut into strips, which was a little weird, and they weren't soft or flavorful like how good greens usually are. The mashed potatoes and gravy was very bland also, with no real flavor. I think the sides are just important as the main dish, so the poor quality of the sides really hurt this restaurant from shining as a good soul food spot in Las Vegas. Maybe I'll take another trip in a few months to see if they've made any changes.
4	I saw all the reviews on Yelp and decided to try it out.  The food was really good. We tried the chicken and fish and was not disappointed.  The peach cobbler and most importantly the banana pudding was my favorite.
2	on my trip to vegas, my friends raved about this place so we stopped by on sunday afternoon. While the service was super friendly and the prices were great, I can't say that I was impressed at all. First they brought us the cornbread that's like a griddle cake, super thin and sweet. Not terrible but nothing special. I got the smothered fried chicken, cabbage and yams. I've never had smothered chicken and I don't know why I decided to try it that day, but I wish I had left that nasty brown gravy off of otherwise decent fried chicken. The cabbage was so bland, I couldn't even finish it. The yams were super sweet, as if they were only seasoned with white sugar. I don't think this place was terrible, like I said the customer service was prompt and friendly and the prices were very good. But the food could be better if it was seasoned better.
5	Worth the trip for the peach cobbler alone, seriously, get it. Great and super friendly service and food made with love!
5	This place has some of the best soul food I have ever tasted at a restaurant!For starters, they serve cornbread pancakes. A unique offering and they were quite tasty. We had the links and chicken wings as appetizers. The links were okay and the chicken wings were good.The muddy water drinks were awesome (according to my husband, I had water).For the main entrees, we had the fried chicken. It was perfect. Seasoned just right, juicy, and not greasy. For the sides, we had the mac and cheese - perfect, not heavy; yams - great, not too sweet, melt in your mouth fabulous; greens - cooked just right, not over cooked or salty. Note - The hubby got the chicken smothered in gravy. He loved it, but I did not care for the gravy at all. The desserts were wonderful as well. We had the banana pudding (yummy goodness) and the sweet potato pie. It was an extremely busy day when we visited, and a bit chaotic, but the service was still awesome. Our waitress was very nice and made sure we were well taken care of.Great job M&M!
5	The food at M&M Soul Food is outstanding. Red Kool-Aid started my meal off on the right foot and the cornbread, chicken, greens and mac & cheese were perfection. The staff was very friendly and the owner even came outside to chat with us as we were leaving. I will definitely be back!
5	Heard about this place and had to visit... Excellent food, service and laid back atmosphere... My son and I will be back soon! It was just what we craved.
4	M&M, why do you have to be all the way in Vegas? Why can't be you be in San Francisco so I can eat at your place all the time? I know why because you don't want me to weigh 500 pounds. Thank you M&M for your delicious fried chicken. Can't wait to visit you again.
4	These people know how to do fried chicken. OMG! SO freakin good! We had to wait for a table in the mid afternoon so we all decided to sit at the counter. This is the best fried chicken I have ever had. For my sides I got the stewed cabbage, potato salad and mac n cheese. Everything was good. Service was also pretty good. We were the only asians eating here but that was fine with us. Thanks to my friend's bf, we were introduced to soul food the way it's supposed to be. The skin on the fried chicken was so crispy and buttery it has to be made with lard! They give you 3 pieces of chicken and three sides along with a corn bread pancake. I was so happy leaving this restaurant.
2	Frankly, disappointing... and overpriced!. And my wife, a true Southern Belle, was so looking forward to some good home cookin'. Food was C+/B-, Service very good & friendly. Nice ambiance. But $25 for 2 lunch entrees and two ice teas??? Nope, not worth it. Sorry.
4	The kool aid takes me back. Love the corn cake too!
5	I cannot wait to go back!  My friend and I went here for lunch, I've only heard amazing things about it and I've been dying to go. When we walked in, I think every waitress and waiter in the whole place greeted us. They were all so pleasant and seemed genuinely happy to be there and happy to serve. The food service was fast and the food was hot and delicious.I ordered the smothered chicken, with macaroni & cheese and greens, and I was in heaven. Even after being smothered in their delicious brown gravy, the fried chicken was crispy, juicy, and cooked to perfection. The macaroni and cheese is made from scratch, you can taste all of the seasonings and cheeses melted into the noodles. Normally I'm a fan of really creamy macaroni and cheese but there was so much flavor to this, I couldn't say a bad thing about it. I loved the greens, they were cooked perfectly and very flavorful. My friend ordered the fried catfish, it was also cooked perfectly, the breading had just enough flavor to give the fish a little kick without overpowering the taste. Her fried okra was also amazing, the coating they use tastes amazing! Unfortunately, neither of us had room for dessert. =(Oh yeah, and they serve Kool-Aid!
5	Best fried chicken & waffles ever. I love coming here whenever I'm in town. Great staff. The owner is very nice!
4	Very interesting little place. Very authentic southern food. I had the fried chicken with Mac and cheese and fried ocre. All very good, I'm giving four stars because I felt like the menu was a little small, like I wanted more choices on food. But overall, good for some fried chicken and waffles! Good service, too!
4	Great Food/ Cozy Atmosphere!! We we're seated as soon as we walked thru the door. About 2 minutes later, drinks were on the table. My companion and I both ordered the "muddy waters" ( half and half or Arnold Palmer).  They were good, not overly sweet or tart.. Since I am a vegetarian, I had the veggie plate ( 3 sides). My selections were mac & cheese, yams and fried okra. Everything was great and came out in no time.. This was my first time trying okra and it is something that I will have again!!! My companion had the Ox tail and she praised it with every bite!!!!! I ordered the banana pudding to go and it was simply amazing! Everyone there was friendly from the time I walked in the door until i left. After leaving, I felt like I just had dinner at a relatives.  The service was quick and very efficient. My waitress, Tasha was amazing!!! Yes I intend to visit again!!
3	The place was crowded and everyone spoke to everyone. When The customer enters the door saying good morning as if their at home.It was very crowded even these good looking cops came in were friendly.  Breakfast was good. The only thing is I had to tell them to clean off the table because there was still was mugs and crumbs from last guest.I noticed  they clean the table when the customer is sitting.  That's a no no
4	Always fantastic. When I'm on that side of town and its lunch time, we def go.  This restaurant has the best soul food sides, hands down! The fried chicken is average, I've had better homemade. But I love the side dishes especially the fried okra and red beans and rice.
4	I've never been to M & M 's in LV.  My husband & I came on a Sunday afternoon.  It wasn't crowded & the staff were attentive, but in your face every second so that you that you could not enjoy your food.  Good place to eat some good soul food. The staff, our waitress made it even BETTER!
4	They get a 4 because the person who took my order was really nice and they season their chicken really well. They didn't get a 5 because the chicken was dry, to clarify I did get white meat but I've never encountered this texture from other restaurants, and it was a boneless chicken breast with very little skin which is my favorite part. The sides were pretty good but the greens were a little lacking in flavor. For as packed as they were on a Sunday the floors were pretty clean and that's definitely a plus. I would come back again if I were in the area.
1	I don't like paper plates and plastic forks and spoons for soul food
4	Some good and some bad here. Let's start with the bad. The sides. They were crap. Nothing good I can say about any of the sides. If they did a better job on all their sides, I'd give 5 stars. Nothing tastes fresh and homemade. It was all out of cans and really bad. Now for the good. The free hocakes we got were delicious. The hot link app was spicy and covered in BBQ sauce goodness. Now the best part, the smothered fried chicken. Where do they get such huge pieces of chicken??? My chicken leg was as big as a turkey leg!!! The gravy was legit. Chicken still had a bit of crunch to It even after the gravy blanket. The entire staff was super friendly and my kool aid was always full. Given that our table was the only table with Asians here, I did not feel out of place at all. Definitely coming back!!
5	Simply amazing soul food and great staff that make you feel right at home. And the price is right too!!!
5	Those cornbread pancakes are sooooo good! Those alone are worth making the drive here! Went in today with a party of 8 and basically everything is delicious. Their smothered chicken was really good. It came with 2 sides, I chose cabbage and collard greens, tried to go healthier since I'm already eating something fried and smothered in gravy. I got to try their yams, it's another must order. Angie was our server and she did an amazing job :)Definitely going to visit again soon ~
3	Cornbread pancakes are pretty good but if Id come back it would definitely be for the smothered chicken and warm service. The chicken was Deeeeelish! Crunchy and juicy, absolutely amazing. And all staff was friendly and attentive. A place always earns points for their service. I will definitely avoid Mac n cheese and peach cobbler. Mac and cheese wasn't cheesy at all and the peach cobbler was way, WAY too sweet. I came to a conclusion that carry out food usually doesn't taste as good (even though I usually start eating it in the car, don't judge!). I will have to try them again for a sit down meal to draw a dedication...
5	WOW! Just...WOW! I used to work in soul food kitchen many many many years ago and haven't found another place that could compare...until one of my co-workers recommended this place! Now I really don't think you can get any better than M & M! I went at about 2pm on a Wednesday. Walking in the ambience is like a real soul food kitchen...authentic! The place was full of patrons but not packed...we were at a table and promptly served. You can get full orders with 3 sides or half orders with two sides. They also have a la carte food you can purchase separately. I ordered a full plate of red snapper with collard greens, red beans and rice and yams...DELICIOUSNESS!!! I got the full order with the intention on saving some for my late night work "lunch"...but it was soOOoOOooOoOo good!...Saving some to go just wasn't going to happen...and I ate it...ALL! The portions are generous but it does seem a little pricey. Honestly though...everything I ate was so savory and memorable to the taste buds that I don't mind the $20 bill just for myself! My coworker ate her full plate of pork chops, mac&cheese, cabbage and smothered stuffing too!!! TaShara was our server...and she was AMAZING! As a matter of fact EVERYONE that worked there was AMAZING! All were attentive to your needs and you didn't have to hunt anyone down if there was an extra order of banana pudding you need to go! You can tell they love their job and care about there service here!...you don't find that kind of positivity very often in restaurants...but that's what makes this place superb!...great staff with great attitudes and DELICIOUS food!
5	I had eaten several times at M&M before I started yelping.  I only realized today that I had never reviewed M&M.  The last time we ate here, I had the fried chicken with mac n cheese, dressing and okra.  The wife had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes, green beans and mac n cheese.  One of the things I love about M&M is that you get 3 sides with the full meals.  Of course, we had the crispy, sweet, thin cornbread pancakes.  These are great with some butter and honey.  The chicken, as many yelpers note, is fantastic.  A textbook crispy crust reveals juicy chicken throughout.  They make it fresh, so it comes out HOT.  All of the sides are great, but the okra really stands out to me.  Maybe that's because whenever I find okra out in Vegas I get excited, but there is more to this okra.  The breading is seasoned, I don't know what with, but it adds something that other fried okra in town lacks.   The wife's meatloaf was covered in a flavorful brown gravy.  This was a moist meatloaf, not as dense as other meatloaves.  Excellent seasoning and veggies used in the meatloaf.  I don't think you can go wrong here.  Excellent food served by friendly people.  Give it a shot.
5	I am truly sad that we waited 3 years to try this place out and now can't wait to come back!We went in on a Friday night after a show in the strip. It does close early at 8pm, so beware but we got there around 7:30pm and everything was fine. It was super busy but we were seated within 2 minutes of coming in. The husband and I got Muddy Waters to drink and they were fantastic. My daughter got sweet tea and she needed to add more sweetener (she's a Texan, through and through). The cornbread pancakes they bring out before your food are yummy and a nice touch.Service was excellent!For the meal, I got fried catfish, yams, mac'n'cheese and fried okra. Everything was wonderful and it was the best fried catfish I have had since I moved out of Texas 11 years ago. I didn't even need the tarter sauce that I requested. And the friend okra? Divine! You can definitely tell it is hand battered and not that mushy bland stuff from a bag just tossed in the fryer. DH got the liver and onions, greens, fried okra and mac'n'cheese. He raved about his food, but I'll just have to take his word since I'm not a fan of liver or collard greens. DD got the half order of chicken with fried okra and mac'n'cheese. Her chicken was fabulous, crispy, juicy and flavorful.We didn't have room for dessert and that made me sad, but $50 for all 3 of us including a tip, definitely made me happy. We will be back!
5	I have been going here for YEARS. The food is good and the staff is ALWAYS nice. PROS: Fried snapper           Macaroni & cheese           Oxtails           Brown gravy           Service/Staff           Chitterlings           Potato salad            Peach cobblerCONS:  Cornbread stuffing (mine was super dry)             Small portions for the chitterlings full order. I like taking out of town visitors here because the food is so good. Everyone I've taken has really liked it so I know it's a great place.  It's really hard to find chitterlings and I like theirs better than Soul Food Cafe but the portions are small. But they are small everywhere I've had therm.
4	oh my goodness the food here is good. the collard greens are cooked to perfection never over cooked or too dry. the oxtail and gravy great seasoning very moist easy to eat don't even need utensils. the cornbread stuffing tastes really good, but I'm not too sure on the cornbread pancakes. the service was good I didn't have any problems. the fried food is really good , but be prepared to wait.  they make it fresh they don't pre cook it and then just serve it. the chitterlings tastes really good but I was just a full order not the house.
4	Were in Vegas for one day and decided to stop here for lunch. They start you off with cornbread pancakes that are to die for. We all ordered fried chicken and couldn't be happier. Stephanie was our waitress and she was fantastic.
5	so i finally got up enough guts to ask for more pastry less peaches. what a difference! I gave the gentleman a lil Q&A but he shut me down with i gave u what u asked for, and yes indeed u did my man! good stuff.
1	Why is this place so loved? We've been wanting to know and finally tried them. We're from Cleveland, an old industrial town with real soul food, plus my partner cooks and comes from that tradition. I ordered BBQ chicken, cornbread dressing with gravy,  and mac & cheese. My partner had fried catfish, the same sides, plus potato salad, along with chitlins, since you can't find them easily. First, they brought out pancake-style cornbread that tasted a bit like a greased skillet.  My partner's entree arrived several minutes before mine, so I got a preview of my side dishes.  We were both surprised at the lack of seasoning. The dressing was a soft, gritty serving with no discernible flavoring other than some sage. No onion, salt, pepper- very odd.   The macaroni and cheese was somewhat hard, with congealed clumps of cheese. The potato salad was more like mashed-potato salad, the flavor wasn't horrible but it was mostly of sweet pickles. My BBQ chicken was a huge disappointment. Just a small, baked, drumstick and thigh with bottled sauce (it appears) poured over them. Huh? My partner's full serving of catfish was largely devoid of seasoning, although it was cooked all right. The extra $4 for the third side and half a piece of fish was not worth the price. The first bite of chitlins went into a napkin and were declared "awful."  I'm no chitlin eater- the smell alone was making me gag, but my partner, who has both eaten and cooked them, couldn't stomach these. The server was pleasant but never cleared the table or asked how we liked the food. With so many great ratings maybe she didn't think it necessary to ask. We won't be coming back.   We've done this better at home for less money.
3	Smothered pork chops, super sweet service, and complimentary sweet cornbread pancakes?Okay, you have my attention!Drove past this place several times and couldn't tell if they were open- found favorable reviews on Yelp and headed in the very next day with the BF. We were immediately welcomed by two lovely ladies who were super friendly throughout our visit- though sadly their names escape me.I ordered the half order of smothered pork chops with sides of mac and greens, while BF went for their chicken and waffles. While our order was being made, we received the famous sweet cornbread pancakes- and sweet they are! Warm and tasty, but yes, super sweet- as is the muddy waters beverage my guy was drinking.Orders came in, hot in fresh out the kitchen...The chops are amazing. Second only to a fabulous place in Texas, but they're not kidding about that "world famous gravy"- it's downright decadent. Cant even find words to describe the flavor, but it's amazing. The chop was a good size and cooked well, too. Mac was a little on the dry side, and the greens were way too salty for our tastes- they may have been canned? In the future I'd just opt for two chops a la carte, but I'm a total glutton...BF had the chicken and waffles and raved about them- I took a bite and the waffle was super sweet, and tasted like it was made with brown sugar. Yum, but too sweet for me, let alone for an entree. The chicken was good too- very crispy. BF says is the best chicken he's had in a damn long while. And he knows his chicken.Would come back again, likely sticking to the chops for me. They also have a breakfast menu til 11AM- might have to check that out. I didn't see shrimp and grits on their menu, but if they ever offer it as a special I'd get my butt down there in a hurry!
4	Excellent, FAST service! The fried chicken was light and crispy, just perfect. I LOVED the yams and the macaroni was good as well. My husband also had black eyed peas and red beans and rice and was crazy for those also. We really enjoyed the corn cakes they give you before the meal. Overall great experience, I would go here more but it's a bit out of the way for us.
5	Great food and service!  Stephanie was our awesome server!  Fried chicken and waffles were fantastic!  They also bring you complimentary pancakes for an appetizer!  Highly recommend this place!
5	Finally got here after years of "meaning to".  Great atmosphere and service. And the food was everything I'd hoped for. The chicken didn't disappoint and the sides were phenomenal. Tried the Mac & Cheese, cabbage & red bean and rice. Best southern cooking I've had in Vegas. Down to the mason jar glasses. Looking forward to my next trip and trying the waffles.
5	M & M's is the closest to home I've eaten when it comes to soul food.. I had fried catfish,  mac n cheese,  dressing, yams, hot water cornbread, and tropical punch mixed with kool aid.. The fish was fried to perfection with the perfect amount of seasoning.. The yams were a perfect combination of sweet goodness.. The dressing was perfect.. The mac n cheese, not good not bad.. The hot water cornbread was very tasty.. This review comes from a women that comes from a long line of amazing cooks and of course I'm one of them,  which means I'm pretty particular when it comes to food prepared by someone else.. In addition to the good food, the servers treated everyone with southern hospitality.. I would definitely recommend M & M's..
5	Friendly staff, affordable prices, and downright GREAT tasting food!  I've been here a few times and will definitely be returning.  The only drawback, though, is the location.  It's not in the safest of neighborhoods.  When the sun goes down, the area can give off a pretty sketchy vibe.  I wouldn't let my mother walk alone at night in this neighborhood.  This place still deserves a 5-star rating, though!
5	MMMMM mmm good!! I ordered the smothered white chicken, mac and cheese, cornbread dressing w/ gravy, and collard greens. Ok so I went the day after Valentine's Day and it was very very very BUSY!! I called my order ahead and they told me they were very busy and the wait time. No problem my Pregnant belly & I was so craving soul food. When I got there it was packed door to door.  I had previously called from car and asked for them to call me when my food was ready. I saw people were walking out left and right so I figured they were busy.The owner Tim was very attentive giving me updates and checking w/ me and the hostesses were warm and very friendly. After looking at my reciept I realized I was overcharged for something. I called over the very lovely server Tashera and brought it to her attention. She quickly took ownership apologizing stating it is very busy it must've been an honest mistake. She then gave me the difference from her own tip money $5. She insisted I take it and I was really impressed by that. Anyhow I finaly got my food and was surprised they had added a complimentary banana pudding dessert I quickly got to my car and me and my pregnant belly were so very satisfied. It was sooooooooooo worth the wait!!!!
5	First of all, this is the exact kind of place that is difficult to find in Vegas.  It has that diner type feel, but with much better atmosphere.  Plus there is a age to the place makes is so rare in most places in Vegas, that feeling of history, but without any pretension.  The place was busy, and everyone was happy and eating.  The service was great.  The food was great.  The oxtail was amazing.  My wife thought her catfish might be the best she has ever had.  I could not stop eating the fried okra.  The gravy is amazing.  The only slight fault I could find was that some of the sides seemed a little under seasoned, but they do have salt on these tables.
4	One of my must-go places whenever in town. I personally never mastered cooking soul food, but why bother when you have places like this?! I usually order the catfish. It's perfectly seasoned and the sides are equally as good. The sweet tea is a bit too sweet for me, but that could also have to do with the fact that I'm usually visiting with a hangover. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the ambiance. But just remember you're going for the food and the staff are great!
5	I came here for lunch around 1:30 pm with a friend. I ordered a half order or fried chicken (thigh and legg) and 2 sides (collard greens and rice with gravy). My server warned us that the food was going to take about 20 minutes. It took about 10 minutes to get my food. I seriously had such a hard time slowing down when I was eating. Everything was sooooo fricken delicious!! I even got a peach cobbler with ice cream on top.
4	With not many soul food avenues in Las Vegas. This is definitely one of the best. From their fried chicken to their macaroni. Definitely a Must VISIT!
4	First time here..very good soul food reminds me of the original in LA...clean, air conditioned, and fast service with a  very frindly staff...definitely goin back soon...I had the fried fish with yams, mac&cheese,and red beans&rice and hot links.. My wife had Red Snapper and same sides..they also give u these corn bread like pancake things that are delicious...highly recommended if you want some good ole southern home cookin with a smile
5	Delicious Smothered Fried Chicken! Greens are good too. Love the fact that they serve Kool-Aide and so does my kids. The Short Ribs are also delicious and super tender. The Oxtails are a must have.If you goal is to locate premier Soul Food Restaurant (ready to fall asleep at the table once full) then this is your spot. Oh did I mention nice portions, a real bang for your buck. We love this place!
5	OMG. So glad we found this place. Breakfast was delicious. I had hotlinks, eggs, homemade biscuits. husband had liver and onions, eggs etc. Friendly, helpful staff. Not a fancy place but food is first rate with reasonable prices. Recommend highly!
5	We had a great time here today for lunch.. The waitresses were so nice and friendly.. The fried chicken was insane and i got mac n cheese, collar greens, and potato salad.. But i had to get desert fresh out of the oven sweet potato pie!!!! Dam im still kinda in food coma hours later....
5	Never ever have I had Kool Aid in a restaurant .... and I have to say it was AWESOME.   Chicken wings were juicy and crunchy, collard greens were great!!
5	Service was good,food was good, banana pudding so Good make you want slap your grandma
3	Was in the neighborhood and decided to check it out. I had the oxtail dinner with a side of mac n cheese, dressing, and collard greens. and sweet tea. I will review each item individually. Pros:1. you are greeted immediately as you enter by friendly staff2. I received complimentary pancakesCons:1.wait. Took me five minutes to get my drink. I came in at 430 didn't leave until 5 with my food that i ordered to go. the menu does state extended times for fried dishes though2. small portions for certain dishes, (oxtail)Now onto the food:1.Oxtails- I am Jamaican and we make oxtails differently but I wanted to try them southern style. I was a bit disappointed. There was mostly fat on the bone and I know oxtail is not the cheapest of meats but i should not pay near twenty bucks for a meal and get kiddie portions.2. mac n cheese- it was nothing spectacular. You could tell whomever made this batch put way too much Lawry's season salt in it. because that's all I could taste. 3. dressing- it tasted great but was a bit too mushy for me and smothered with gravy on top. The oxtails already had gravy and then more gravy was put on the dressing, too much gravy for me.4. collard greens- again, nothing special. needed some more flavor and spice5. sweet tea- I ordered it and got it in this little mason jar. Um, hello, I'm an adult. a bigger glass please. It was OK tasting as well.lastly is the complimentary cornbread pancakes, or whatever you want to call them. I was puzzled by this. Since when does a soul food restaurant serve cornbread pancakes? What ever happened to traditional cornbread served square? And they were so thin!Over all this place get 3 stars. idk about A-ok, it was just OK. I will return again though and try something else on the menu. this place isnt horrible, it isnt faboulous either.
3	3.5 stars. I've been there for breakfast and lunch. I think the waffles are whole wheat. not sure but they're great. I walked around the walls and looked at all the pictures. The oxtails were tasty
5	Been here several times and always am greeted with a smile. Love that the servers and hosts go out of their way to make sure you have everything you need and are satisfied with your dining experience. The fried chicken is so good and I'd definitely recommend having it smothered. They even have Kool-Aid. If you're in Vegas and you love soul food and service with a smile M&M is the way to go!
4	Went for lunch today and was greeted by a very nice server. Gave us cornbread pancakes to start off for free. Me and my boyfriend both ordered kool aid and it was good. I had the meat loaf and my boyfriend had the fried chicken. Food was pretty good. Side dishes we're yummy especially the Mac n cheese. Defiantly would go back.
5	Food is perfect.   We've been here for breakfast and dinner.   Have never had a bad meal.  Muddy water is the perfect mixture. Not to sweet    service is really quick.  If it was closer to my home I'd be there all the damn time
4	I went here for breakfast today, I ordered the liver and onions, two eggs, hash-browns and Home biscuit plus a Diet Coke...my total came to eight dollars. Awesome food! you don't find too many places that serve liver and onions anymore.
5	Best chicken wings and waffles ever! The corned beef hash was fresh and cooked to order. I absolutely love the muddy water!
3	Tried this restaurant as the husband was craving fried chicken.The staff are extremely happy, polite, prompt and helpful.We tried the fried chicken (both), mashed potatoes/gravy (both), macaroni and cheese (me), collard greens(him), and cornbread stuffing(him).The cornbread pancakes  you get as you sit down are super tasty!!!The fried chicken was cooked perfectly, we just wish it was seasoned a bit more.Mashed potatoes/Gravy, they were okay but again lacking in seasoning.Collard greens, according to the husband, absolutely fantastic.Cornbread stuffing, unfortunately some of he worst he's had.Macaroni and cheese, it was okay, but rather dry (could be because we got there just before closing).  Wish it had been creamier and a bit more seasoning.We'll probably give it another try in the future.
3	Disregard the facade, this is a very old building in need of desperate remodeling but who cares about the outside? Is the inside that counts...you know..the soul.Ok disregard the inside also and lets concentrate on what's really important,the food!We were here for breakfast but didn't realized that breakfast is only served at certain time in the morning so we ended up ordering something else from the menu. This was our first time in an all soul food restaurant aside from Popeyes fried chicken so it took us a while to go through the menu to finally order their very popular fried chicken and waffles. Service is good but a little bit disorganized when they get busy, we were asked what we wanted to drink about 4 times from 4 different employees and we got the food before our drinks. The fried chicken was very good, it was crispy and moist and the waffles were outstanding, the thing is there are so many places that serve good chicken in town I'm not sure I'll be making this my number one fried chicken destination. I know, I didn't ventured enough and tried something more soul-ish like the liver and onions or the Chitterlings, maybe I'm not much into the soul thing, but I do want to come back sometime and try the seafood gumbo, but for the meantime I'll just stick with some chicken soup for the soul.
4	so they have recently renovated this place finally! At least it is not as shabby as it was before, but still is not too chic... But i can't complain, the quality of the food is more important than the decor! As always love love love the chicken and waffles as well as the smothered pork chops! Love their corn bread too!!
5	Totally awesome!!!!  The food was excellent and our server Christine was even better.  I'm full and still have enough left over for another meal. Wish I lived in Vegas, I'd eat here everyday.
3	This place was awesome the first time I visited earlier this year but it was not the same on our recent visit. Chicken was fine. Collard greens delicious. Fried okra good. Waffles were not as crispy on the outside as last time, which made me really sad. Lastly...and most disappointing was that I saw a roach crawling on their wall near their kitchen. No one from the staff even noticed. It's too bad because I thought I found a gem the last time I stayed in Vegas.
4	Excellent service, yams were sweet and perfect.  Fried chicken was on point.  Meatloaf not so much, but still good. Cornbread pancakes were great.  Once again, food and staff are great!  Best of both.
4	I have had better soul food, which is why I can't give this place 5 stars. Our server was exceptional, I really couldn't have asked for better service. The place itself could use some updating, but it's all about the food, right? I wasn't impressed with the Mac N Cheese at all. It was blah and bland for a soul food restaurant. My own personal recipe is better. I also didn't care for the cornbread cakes, give me a slice of warm cornbread from a cast iron skillet! The side of yams were perfect. I could have eaten a whole plate of those. I also had the fried pork chops which were fine. My husband ordered the oxtails and they were finger lickin' good. This place didn't wow me, but I would return to try something else and maybe get a glass of Kool-Aid. The prices are reasonable too.
4	Wow! From the fried chicken, to the sides everything is homemade deliciousness, those corn meal flap jacks are awesome and don't leave with out some banana pudding.  We'll be back for sure.
4	Mississippi potatoes, excellent, great omelet, grilled biscuit, all awesome, staff is also always great.  I try to go every time I am in Vegas.
4	The service here was fantastic and I was pleasantly surprised with my food. I had the catfish that was cooked to perfection with two delicious side. But I plan on going back soon for those yummy cornbread pancakes and some muddy water. The place needs a little make over inside but I guess that doesn't matter with food that good.
2	Went to this place for Sunday lunch with my man and it definitely leaves a lot to be desired. The serving staff is a delight however that does not compensate for the tasteless soul food. I had dark meat fried chicken with greens and macaroni & cheese... My other half had smothered chicken, black eyed peas and greens. Why we both choose those dreadful greens, I don't know. The chicken was old, the mac was something out of a box and the greens... Well they tasted like someone picked them out of a garden and threw them in salt water. We both had this muddy water drink... watered down country time lemonade and generic iced tea. On the bright side, the staff was very friendly and helpful. So if I was looking to make friends, I guess I would revisit but I wouldn't go back if I was hungry.
3	This is a small place. If you weren't looking for it you'd pass it for sure. I ordered this to eat for lunch at work one day. I called ahead and they told me how long it would take. I got there a little before the time they gave and the employees were kind of picking fun at my accent. The food was cold and the only real item that had any flavor was the chicken and it was smothered in barbecue sauce
3	Building is old, the inside is... different but the food was actually pretty good. Their waffles are better than Ella Ems but that was about it. Oxtail was decent, their sides (mac/potato salad/mash) were decent. The service was very good though.  This is a place i'd try again if i was in the area.
4	Oh wow! This place reminds me of home every time I am there, good ole soul food! The place is always extremely clean and the service is always out of this world. Usually my other half and I split something and unlike a lot of places in Vegas they don't say a word about it!I think we have been here six or seven times, and I just can't tell you how good they are, the corn cakes are excellent and I could make a meal out of them alone! The meatloaf is seasoned perfectly, the fried chicken is so worth the wait and I just can't say enough good about this place. The only knock is the shopping center is kinda run down that they are in, but that isn't their fault!Cheers!
4	The fried chicken was really good. It reminded me of the south. The friend chicken was really good, the greens were really good. My lady had the links which tasted good as well. The only downside is that visiting its pretty far off the strip in a run down shopping center but other then that nothing to complain about
2	Although the servers were friendly enough, the kitchen was way too slow! I write this as I've been waiting 40 min for my dinner! Just heard they were out of many favorites too!!!
4	Love this place!! Best chicken and waffles!! Smothered chicken is juicy,  not dry.Tip: Their biscuits and corn bread pancakes are super addictive! !  I'd come just for those alone.
4	Service was great! The food was awesome! Definitely a home cook meal!
4	Who would've thought that there would be soulfood in Vegas this good. I had the half fried chicken plate with cabbage and mac n cheese. It looks like an old school hole in the wall, but it is very modern and nice on the inside. The service was great and the food was fantastic. The cornbread that comes with your meal was just ok. I liked that they were shaped like pancakes, however, it would have been great with sweett butter since the cornbread was bland. I'll be returning.
5	While on a weekend vacation in vegas we ate at all the big name chefs restaurants,  and M&M beat them all by a mile.  We went for breakfast and had our favorite meal of the trip, I had the best chicken and waffles I've ever had (and I've eaten a lot of chicken and waffles).  My wife had the catfish, eggs, potatos, and a biscuit,  all was cooked and seasoned to perfection.  The catfish was delicious!!  We were so glad we took the time to find this hidden treasure. We go to vegas 2 to 3 times a year and now we will be eating at M&M 2 to 3 times a year, if not more, we may eat their everyday that we are in vegas.
4	I highly recommend this place. The place itself is average, the ladies restroom was not very clean, however the food was delicious. I had the smothered fried chicken and it was to die for. My daughter had the chicken and waffles, which was delicious. The mac and cheese and mash potatoes where delicious. The mash potatoes I feel need more salt, but I just added it. The peach cobbler with ice cream was the best I ever had. You will not be disappointed! Service was fast and friendly. They also serve these cornbread pancakes which were so good.
5	How can you not give 5 starts when you jamming to Barry White at 8:30am having amazing pork chops and eggs for breakfast..I love this place!
4	Great Improvement since we ate at M & M's years ago!The restaurant was very warm for a July afternoon, bearable, the staff did move us to a cooler location in the restaurant. Good food BUT, who serves -GUMBO without saltine crackers and LIVER and ONIONS without white rice or mashed potatoes...who...where not a soul food restaurant, you know better. And we question the size of the catfish filets (huge-but they do not claim organic) 2 filets of catfish as a whole order and 1 filet as half, that's a first. The waitress and waiters where extremely friendly and patient for a party of 12 hungry people, they made it a very nice experience and we will return for the excellent customer service they provided.
5	My friends and I hit M&M whenever in Vegas, usually making time to eat there at least twice. I always order the fried chicken with fried okra, red beans & rice, and collared greens as sides on my first visit, and mix it up on the second visit. One friend always gets a bowl of gumbo (served only on weekends).As a starter, the cornbread hotcakes are amazing.I've never been disappointed by their chicken. It's perfect: not too dry, seasoned throughout, with a delicious crust. I suspect that they brine the chicken, since it has a nice, subtle flavor in the meat. It's some of the best fried chicken I've ever eaten, and judging by my shape I've eaten a lot of fried chicken. Per my friend who orders the gumbo, even after four years at Tulane he's never had a bowl of gumbo so flavorful and delicious, and once told our server that he'd put it up against any gumbo he had while in undergrad. The gumbo doesn't come with sides, but my friend likes the red beans & rice so much that he always orders a side with his gumbo.M&M is on our permanent itinerary when visiting Vegas, much like hitting up In-N-Out for a burger and Trader Joe's to buy stuff for family & coworkers. The staff is friendly, the wait minimal, and food delicious. Prices for entrees with three sides are reasonable, and it's easy to get to, right on Charleston in a small strip mall. The only drawback is that they close relatively early for Vegas.
2	The food was 4stars, my experience was a zero star so I split the middle.This place has been on my list due to southern fried chicken and sides.I was greeted immediately and received great service throughout.  It was the the trickery of the menu that soured my taste.I ordered the half order of 3 piece fried chicken. Waitress asked me if I wanted dark or white meat. I asked for a mix and she said sure. Menu says that white meat would be a $1 upcharge so I knew I'd likely see this on my bill.Dish arrives with two pieces of chicken (1 leg and 1 wing) and my two sides. Why only 2 pieces? I thought maybe the "half order" was only two pieces so I went with the flow.Chicken was great as were the sides (cornbread dressing and string beans).I get bill with $1 upcharge for white meat so I tell waitress that I was charged $1 and only received 2 pieces, a leg and a wing.  She tells me that a wing is considered white meat. Dude, really? So bill was $11.88 after tax (without drink) for a leg a wing and two sides.I certainly have the right to feel cheated in my opinion.Won't be back.
5	well we went there today and it was actually packed because of the football game, but the service was still and courteous. We started of with these cornbread cakes which very good. It did take some time for the food to come out but I figured it was because of all the people. Being a southern Belle I was going to be a critic on the good because of being from Mississippi. It was quite good. What really surprised me the most was the diplomatic solution on the take next to us. From what I gathered was that the food was taking way to long and when it came out some of the order was wrong. The server have her the plate with some of the wrong side dishes and got her the correct one at no charge. So instead of 3 sides she got 5. Also, desserts was on the house for the table. From working in the restaurant industry she did what she needed to make the customers happy. I can't wait to go back to try a new dish the next time
5	OMG! The food and service are stellar! Me and 8 girlfriends stumble in after going to Rehab at the Hard Rock. Lucky for us there were enough seats at the bar for us to sit together. The waitress was so sweet and understanding of our "turned up" situation. She was very patient with us and took all our individual orders. the food was promptly served hot fresh and delicious. They have the best candied yams I ever had in my life! Boxing champ FLoyd Mayweather was there dining with his family and was nice enough to take a few pictures with us! This will be a must have everytime I come to Las Vegas!
4	Solid 4 on this one for me. Let me start with the service. My server was Angie and I also interacted with Pearl. Both of which were very friendly and helpful. The service was prompt and I was able to sit down eat and go making me only gone from the office for about 40 minutes. This is definitely a perk for lunch during the week. The food was pretty good. I am from the south, home of soul food and I must say that the macaroni and cheese and fried okra are very good. I had the meat loaf, which was good but a little tough (I think this is what caused me to go with 4 stars instead of five). Other than that it was a great experience I will definitely return.
4	This place has great food and service. Worth stopping in for lunch. Catfish was very tasty and the cornbread is warm sweet and soft - so good!
4	Really good fried chicken!! I also really like the red beans and rice that comes with a hot link.Service is a little questionable at times, but the food is always good!
5	This. Is a breath of fresh air.. everyone is nice. You get greeted. As soon as you walk in. Thats a plus. And the food... the food is fantastic. Definitely check it
4	I don't go to many soul food restaurants, but this one was pretty good! I ordered the full order of smothered chicken (with the gravy on the side) with Mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, and fried okra. The chicken was delicious and the skin was nice and crispy! I've never had fried okra but I really enjoyed it. The Mac and cheese was good, nothing spectacular, and the mashed potatoes weren't anything special. But overall I really enjoyed my meal! My mom ordered the half order of grilled catfish and it had good flavor, but it was extremely tiny. The service was awesome! Loved our waiter, Angie!! Extremely sweet and funny, made our first time experience even better.
2	I feel sort of bad about this, but we only ended up tipping our waitress $1 here. I honestly think she deserved a lot less, like one cent. We did tip our bus boy $10 though and let me tell you why.I had truly high hopes for this so-called 'classic' Vegas restaurant, but I was just disappointed. We were quickly assisted in finding seats as soon as we walked in. We had to move to another table because the table we were given was very wobbly. It was weird that they kind of expected us to deal with that, instead of finding a solution and just leaving the table that way. I told them I was clumsy and that I needed a different table.Our bus boy was great and refilled our drinks several times. It was kind of cute that they were in mason jars. Our waitress, however, was unacceptable. While she was taking our order, she left in the middle of my man talking to speak to another customer just walking in. She came back 30 seconds later and didn't even apologize for interrupting him. The worst part was that she got our order wrong. We were going to get it corrected, but ended up deciding not to. They would probably going to mess that up too and we didn't want to deal with her any longer.I did, however, ask for the smothered gravy sauce that she failed to bring us for our smothered gravy chicken. She came to our table irritated and said "sorry", in a very unapologetic matter, as if it was our fault she forgot to bring it. She didn't check on us the entire meal, unlike the other waiting staff there. The only time she was polite, was when she brought us our check, which we had to have another employee get for us since she was not around.As far as the food, the fried chicken was better than okay (not better than Roscoe's in Cali), but the sides were absolutely horrid. The mac & cheese had no flavor and the collard greens tasted as if they had no spices added to them. I think I could make better at home and I'm not even a Southern cook. The mashed potatoes were edible, but that's about it. I didn't like the corn cakes, but that was my first time having them.I have had way better Southern food here in Las Vegas. It is my opinion that you could get your filling for Southern food elsewhere.
5	I cant believe I waited so long to try this place. From the outside it doesn't look like much, but once you step through the door, its a pleasant surprise. The first thing I noticed was how happy all the customers were. This is one of those restaurants that make sure solo diners don't feel awkward. I was one of three people dining alone. My server Tonika was friendly and  I took her suggestion of the half order of oxtails. I chose the blackeyed peas and collards as my sides. It was the perfect portion size for lunch. The food was delicious and I left feeling well fed and treated like family. I can't wait to come back and try the catfish!
5	I am giving this place 5 stars because it is the best soul food restaurant in Las Vegas. Let me say... this really is like home. oh wait, but I've never been to the south. THAT'S HOW GOOD THIS PLACE IS. Truly southern soul food. Just absolutely amazing. That's all I can really say about this place. I've had other soul food in Las Vegas but it was just too salty. The cornbread pancake is absolutely delicious and is unlimited! All I usually get is the smothered chicken, mashed potatoes, and the cornbread dressing. I got the half-order so I only could get 2 sides. 3 if you get the full order, but honestly the food is pretty heavy and so I barely finished it.The waitresses are so attentive and so friendly its unbelievable. I'd move to the south right now if I could have this every day. But then I probably wouldn't. Hah. I want to just get up and dance like James Brown because he releases the soul in me. They keep true to their southern roots by having other dishes like Cat Fish with sides like Okra. AND CALLING AN ARNOLD PALMER A MUDDY WATER? As dirty as it sounds, I'll drink it everyday. It seriously couldn't get any more southern than this. Even the interior reminds me of an old school diner back in the 50's. Everything just black and white. I wouldn't have been surprised if Bill Haley & The Comets just came out and sang Rock Around the Clock. Just by the way.... Bird is the Word..... oh shoot that's the 60s........My #justeatit rating is: WheneverIwanttoreleasetheblackinme#justeatitgirl
3	Love the food, not too crazy about the service. A friend and I went, and were standing at the front for about five minutes. We scooted towards the front dining counter area, in hopes we'd be noticed, which we weren't. Finally, my friend walked up to the register to let them know we were waiting on a table. Finally, one of the gentlemen shouted clear across the room to get our attention and waved for us to sit at a table he had ready. I understand that it gets busy, but they gotta work on the service, because the food alone isn't going to suffice. Again, the food was great. I grew up on fried chicken and greens, so to find a place that serves this, and doesn't mess it up is awesome, but the service really needs to improve.
5	We were on a mission for the best fried chicken in Vegas. After reading the reviews we had to try it. And, it did not disappoint!!!!  Had the 1/2 order with mac n cheese and collard greens. I am seriously fat dumb and happy right now!!
5	Best soul food ever! I'm a good critic to the max and this place deserves it's stars. I usually have the bbq chicken with collard greens, mac n cheese and candied yams.
4	Would def go back. Was visiting a friend and she raved! Get the smothered chicken. The gravy is World Famous and I AGREE! Nice friendly staff. I had the okra and the rice and beans. Very good. The sweet potato pancakes were so good! SOUTHERN Cooking! it is GOOD! It's a funky kinda place so just deal with it and enjoy the crowd there and the food. They greet you right when you come in. They are busy so maybe get it to go. Would def go back when i can afford the calories! ;-)
5	We stopped here to eat while in Vegas. The food was awesome! Everyone was super nice too. Big portions for the money. I told all my friends to go there. Can't say enough!!
5	Best fried chicken in Las Vegas without question.  Brooklyn Bowl is #2.Friendly Southern hospitality and smiling faces serve you the best southern food in the LVC.They have great cornbread to keep you occupied while you wait for the chicken, which is made to order so expect to wait a few minutes for the freshness.
5	Food is great! Service is 5 star! I had fried chicken, yams and string beans. Hubby had meatloaf, daughter had snapper and her hubby had oxtail. It was all 5 star quality . I highly recommend going.
5	You can get some serious soul food in Vegas.The girls that work here are really funny and nice.Ox tail and fried chicken.Kool-Aid.Two thumbs up.
3	First visit was almost a let down.  I ordered a half plate of fried chicken with greens and red beans and rice on the side. My bends were full of flavor and seasoned well. The greens looked good but had a sweet element to them that I did not care for.  I returned my entire plate because my chicken was well below the desired serving temperature, and tasted as if it has been sitting for quite some time. I could tell this by the tough cardboard texture. My waitress took the plate back like she knew the chicken was not right. On the menu it even states "Be aware there is a 20 minute wait on all fried foods." Mine came out in about 8 minutes. I am writing this in real time and still within my 20 minute window for my fresh chicken. The waitress staff is full of beautiful neatly groomed black women in black pants white shirts and bow ties. They greet everyone who comes though the door, and are very professional. My food has arrived and it is hot. Hot foils is always good but my chicken is just average tasting. This location has nothing on the ones I've visited in LA or Long Beach. Bye Felicia!*note...What's up with the hot sauce?  It's either not very hot at all or I need to lay off the scotch bonnets and jolokia peppers.
4	I  love the food here. The gravy on the smothered fried chicken is so good. the red beans and rice and the black eyed peas were very tasty. Try the peach Cobbler you won't be disappointed.
5	Great soul food joint that really knows what Southern Food is all about. SWEET Tea (yes, that sweet), real Texas Pete hot sauce on the table, great grits, bacon, eggs and biscuits, Also fantastic chicken and waffles (OK, waffles are eggos out of the freezor case, but the bird is dead on). I am from NC and have been all over the South eating bird, OK? I KNOW bird. This is GOOD bird - crisp, almost greaseless, and HOT outta the fryer. Best locals soul food joint in LV - trust me.
5	Love love LOVE this place. First and foremost, the cornbread pancakes. I could seriously eat these every day for the rest of my life. Savory and just slightly sweet.I had the smothered fried chicken and it was fantastic. The chicken stays crispy, even with the amazing gravy that it has been dipped in. The gravy is practically it's own food group. The chicken is moist and tender and easily the best fried chicken I have had in Vegas. The sides were awesome too, especially the collard greens and the yams. Got a piece of sweet potato pie to go and it was awesome. The service is excellent, the servers are all friendly and fast and you can tell there's a real camaraderie among them. I can't wait to go back!
4	This place is to good! Went in expecting  to be okay with the food and left a loyal customer. Although I don't live in LV I will make this place a must have on every single trip. Great, homemade food items and friendly staff. I had the half smothered chicken and my husband had the meatloaf. Both were delicious and worth the wait! Must try while in town!
4	'TIS THE SEASONWho:  Party of 8, including the BF, BFF, L.T.D., and the Qs.When:  Thursday, 11/6/14, 7:30pmWhat:  Oxtail, mac n cheese, potato salad, and sweet tea for me.  Others had fried chicken, meatloaf, catfish, red beans and rice, yams, mashed potatoes, cornbread dressing with gravy, and peach cobbler.There's nothing better than a good meal with your favorite people.  It's been a few years since I've been back to M & M, but I'm glad we paid a visit last night because that's what we had.  It's that time of year when the belly wants comfort food like ramen or Southern food.  We had ramen last week, so oxtail sounded like a good idea.  We showed up at 7:30pm and immediately learned that the restaurant closes at 8:00pm, not 9:00pm as their Yelp listing says.  Hoping we wouldn't get turned away, the M&M staff was very accommodating and told us that we wouldn't get kicked out due to it being so close to quitting time, but that we should order ASAP, especially if we wanted any of the fried items.  Two tables were cleaned off quickly and put together for us and we were seated posthaste.  Our waitress, Shy, was fabulous; that lady got our orders as soon as we made our decisions.  Soon enough, we were drinking (sweet tea, Muddy Water, regular un-muddy water), eating the delicious complimentary cornbread pancakes, watching Thursday Night Football on the flat screens, and getting caught up while we waited for our food.  Somehow the last person to arrive got her food first: whut?  And, it was fried chicken so the staff wasn't wasting any time getting us fed.  Soon after, everyone else's plates arrived, we got down on the good stuff, and silence ensued.  I love oxtail and my order was just the way I like it:  tender, fall-off-the-bone goodness.  Unfortunately, my side choices were a tad disappointing this go-round.  The mac n cheese lacked flavor and I had to salt it, something I rarely do.  The scoop of potato salad was just okay, as well; I've definitely had better.  But, the b/f's yams and cornbread dressing were on point, so I'd get those next time.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals and we concurred that it was another fabulous fall meal.  Shy split the check four ways which was also greatly appreciated; the whole staff there was great, actually.  It's safe to say that we'll be back for more soul food at M&M this holiday season; check it out if you need some comfort, too.**M&M Soul Food will have a second location opening up across the street from the Stratosphere in the next week and it will be open 24 hours--be on the lookout!
5	Love this place. Everytime we are in vegas we try to get in there for the best fried chicken and mac and cheese there is.
4	I love this place. When ever I am in Vegas, and want veggies with a good meat, this is the place. Keep up the work and service. The staff is so wonderful!
5	Everyone is so friendly. It was our first time here but I feel like we are regulars. ..smothered oxtail is just as tender and savory just like at home.   Definitely coming back here with kids...for them to experience real soul food.
4	breakfast foodSmothered liver with onions and gravy and house biscuits and scrambled eggs was delicious and tender.Salmon croquettes came with eggs house biscuits and potatoes were so filling and scrumptious. Waitress was very friendly and attentive. I recommend this place and will return.
5	Food was amazing! Service was great!! Our waitress Jerry was great and always checked back with us to see if we needed anything! You cant go wrong with the fried chicken at all! The sweet tea is great as well! We even got one to go! We will def be back! Jayvon was very nice as well and told us a second location was opening on the strip! We will def. Be back!!!!
5	This is the best soul food restaurant I've eaten in.  They fix the best red beans and rice ... So much so that I'm thinking of ordering a take out order for today!  I had the baked chicken which came smothered with M and M's signature chicken gravy- it was extremely well prepared and was "fall off the bone" good!  They bring out their signature  cornmeal pancakes with every order which is by itself incredible!  I am looking forward to my next visit and plotting a plan on how to get this restaurant closer to home!
4	Tremendous soul food restaurant.  I am especially a catfish lover, and M&M has the best catfish I have ever eaten. I also love what they call cornbread there that is served with every order but it's interesting that it resembles a small pancake...you get two of them with your order. All servers are friendly.  I strongly recommend this place if you have a desire at some point for soul food.
2	The catfish sucks is hella fishy! The sides where to die for !and the waters are so nice I would go agian for the sides !the drinks are served in like mason jars it is the cutest thing ! Yams and the Mac is something to get !(:
5	Everything we had- fried chicken, greens,mac& cheese,green beans,& corn cakes were outrageous - staff is great- very welcoming & friendly. If you want real deal soul food get off the strip about 10 min & check this place out. If you have any idea what good food is you will be happy.
5	Excellent food.  Our waitress Jerria was the best. Wish we had M&M in sacramento.  Wonderful experience!!!
5	I have to write a review about this place cause it was just that damn good!! Go to spot for soul food in LAS VEGAS!!! Tho my Oder was incorrect when I got to my hotel room but I quickly called and told them. They were very polite and when I got there my correct order was just fresh off the fire!! Oh btw I got the smothered chicken!  hands down so good! The waitress I had was beautiful and so very inviting. I'm definitely going back to m&m when I get back in town! 10 thumbs up!
5	The only thing I wanted but they didn't have is blackenedcatfish. They have catfish, they just don't fix it that way.This place is a real find. Check it out!! The menu might sound familiar(Mac & Cheese, Fried Okra, Cornbread Pan Cakes, BBQ Pork briquet, johnny cakes) but their cookprepares everything like it's out of this world. Sauces,syrups, soups, salad dressings are all done with the Master's touch. It's nothing fancy, it's just good. I spent$50($10 tip) to feed two of us and got the best soulfood I've ever eaten. I've been eating here since it opened and have never had a bad meal.
5	This place is AMAZING.  If you are from Southern California this place far beats Roscoes!
4	How have I not reviewed this joint yet? M&M is hands down the best soul food joint I've had in the Vegas area. And I'm sure everyone else agrees too because this place is always packed full whether it's lunch or dinner time. Upon seating you'll get some fresh, warm cornbread pancakes that are mmmm so delicious and much better than actual cornbread or dinner rolls. They only bring you 1 or 2 per person but sometimes I wish I could have more!I always get the smothered fried chicken, but the regular fried chicken is always good too if you're not a big gravy fan. The chicken is always fresh and crispy and the full dinner order comes with your choice of 3 sides for around $13.99. They also have a "half" order for slightly less but you just get 1 less piece of chicken and 1 less side. The sides here are ok and it really depends on what you get. The mac and cheese is probably the best side here. The cabbage is sometimes a little bland and I'm not a big collard greens or okra kind of guy so that's really my only green option. I just wish they opened later than 8 pm! Also be patient because when it gets packed in here, the speed of service goes down a little bit because they only have 2-3 servers at all times. This holds me back from being able to give them a perfect rating
4	It seems like every year at this time I'm in search of food from home. Of course I wanted to get my black-eyed peas and collard greens, but I had a craving for home cooking so to google I went. I had heard about this place and after finding out that no one in town has Chicken and Dressing, I figured I'd get some Meatloaf plus they had okra and mashed potatoes. I was readyIt's New Years Day so needless to say that I wasn't the only one who wanted to get some good luck for the new year. It wasn't even noon and the place was PACKED. I thought it was a great sign that I was one of only two white people in the place. It's kind of a family diner kind of place but that's fine by me. Everyone was super friendly when I walked in and I only had to wait maybe 5 minutes before I was sat. They also had the football game on so I was set. I quickly ordered sweet tea while I looked over the menu. I decided to go all out and got a Half Order of Meatloaf, black-eyed peas, collard greens, mashed potatoes and gravy, and friend okra. The food came out very quickly and I was pleasantly surprised with everything. I'm definitely glad I went and left feeling full. It's good to know that there are some good places like this in Las Vegas when I need to get my Southern food fix. As someone from Mississippi, I can tell you that this place is legit.
2	Went to new location on Sahara Blvd couldn't find location on Yelp. I understand it was their first day opening but I shouldn't have to wait 40 mins for some  pork chops and shrimp and grits. The sides were cold... I expected to devour this food and it was weak. The pork chops was hard to cut so they overcooked it. I live in Los Angeles and the M&Ms have not made it... The main waitress Vee was good and others just didn't know what to do because they seen we were curious why our food was taking so long... When I come back to Vegas I'll check and see if the 2nd location is still there because I highly believe it won't be. You gotta do better M&Ms staff I don't care if it was your first day this your second location. Business is business customers are most of the time right.
5	Great food and great service, clean and professional as well. I proudly recommend this place!!!
4	This time I went for breakfast while visiting Las Vegas. I ordered Smoothered Liver and Onions. It was hot and delicious. I originally ordered grits. That was not so good but, the nice waitress offered to let me change it to the home fries. Those were very good. I will be returning the next time I am in Vegas.
5	If I could give it more stars, I would. No doubt the BEST SOUL FOOD IN VEGAS!!! The only thing better than the food (seriously, get anything on the menu, it'll be fantastic) is the top notch service and great attitudes of the wait staff. I am in Vegas at least three or four times a year and eat at this place every time I come. More than once. If you like delicious soul food and excellent service, get your ass off of the strip for once and support this great family owned restaurant. Seriously, go there. Now.
