3	Plain and simple:  if you want run of the mill Mexican & margaritas and live North of the 101 between Pima and Tatum, this place is an option.  If you order anything with shrimp, make sure you tell them to be generous or you'll be sending your plate back for more of 'em.
4	This is another Northern Scottsdale Mexican restaurant that I have been coming to for many, many years. Good Mexican food, not too fancy but definitely has some flare. I great place to sit outside under the misters and enjoy a margarita for happy hour.Highly recommended for anyone looking for good Mexican food.Tip: I usually order a child size cause I can't eat a full portion.
5	If you're looking for fast, friendly service with scrumptious Sonoran Mexican cuisine...this is a spicy jewel in N. Scottsdale.  I would go here for the chips and salsa alone!  They also have a very cozy little patio outside with a rolling creek that makes sipping the house margaritas even more enjoyable.  Wondering what's yummy to eat here?  I'd say start with the mini fundidos. These beauties are mini eggrolls stuffed with cheese, chicken, and green chili goodness, drenched in a jalapeno cream cheese sauce.  Served up in a mini skillet these are a tasty way to start your dining experience.  I've sampled a few of the dishes here, and if you are a fan of green chile, you will be very pleasantly surprised to see a variety of their dishes are made with Hatch green chile.  Growing up in New Mexico, I was very happy to see this on the menu!  When the menu says "spicy" they mean it!  Try the enchiladas, quesadillas, and the green corn tamales.
3	Not being from Scottsdale, Arizona or even the Southwest, I'm not entirely sure how I ended up all the way out at this joint or how where this place is still qualifies as Scottsdale.  A girl said "Meet me here" and like a good boy with nothing but the best of intentions, I complied.Nonetheless, the food is very decent, and I would recommend that you ask for a side of the hot green sauce, which is entirely constituted from peppers with the same name as the restaurant.  It adds a lot.  If this place were a planet in our solar system and Phoenix was the sun, you'd be dining on Neptune, but if you happen to be out this way and don't know any better, you'll be happy.
4	This place is in Scottsdale, not PV.23587 North Scottsdale RoadScottsdale, Arizona 85255http://www.jalapenosscottsdale.com/index.htmlGreat place. Tell them it's your first time and they'll bring you their signature Best of Phoenix Sweet Corn Tamale. So good!HH- 1/2 off appetizers, 2.50 domestics, 3.50 imports, 3.50 signature margarita. My wife and I had their delicious chips and salsa then split the mexican pizza. It was way too big to finish! We were bummed that we were too full try try an entree so we'll have to give this place another try soon.-S.
4	This is great Mexican food...With a lot of places to choose from I am definitely a fan...The owners can be a bit standoffish and times but hey whatever...What we really care about is the food. SO what can I honestly say is great...Well the Sweet Corn Tamale is by far the most amazing thing I've ever tasted (OK not really but the best thing I've tasted at jalapeno's). They have great Fajita's, and some great combo meals. Margarita's are yummy and they have a great specials such as Taco Tuesday's (All you can eat Taco's). Margarita Monday's jump on their website to see them. Definitely worth the drive up to North Scottsdale.As for the chips and salsa hold the phone...They have corn and flour chips mixed with the yummiest salsa! Now they just need a guacamole made table side (or one that tastes good) Overall the food is great, the service is mediocre never outstanding but the food makes up for it...Enjoy...
4	I really enjoyed this place. Great chips and salsa - the tamales were to die for - and I loved the shrimp tacos. I'm a fan and will come back again soon!
4	Husband and I took the in-laws here and he has been back since. Love the sweet corn tamales - if you go, you must try these. Also, the margaritas are very good. I really enjoyed my shrimp enchiladas. They had almost a dozen shrimp in them, which was great, b/c it drives me nuts when you get a shrimp dish with like three shrimp in it. I mean, they are called shrimp, by their nature they are small, so putting three in a shrimp dish is counter intuitive. Husband enjoyed the street tacos, which were also excellent. Jalapeno Inferno is also nice for its sedate atmosphere. Unlike a lot of other Mexican places, there is a refreshing lack of colorful parrots, which makes it perfect for a nice dinner with out of towners, esp. those who already feel that everything Arizona must feature cacti.
4	Loved the complimentary green chile tamale appetizer here!  I also adored the chicken enchilada with green chile cream sauce!!  I especially appreciated the fact that I was able to order this dish NOT fried.  Some venues refuse to alter their menu selections.  Understandable, since many chains strive to stay within national standards, but it's great to find establishments that gladly cater to their customers' wishes!Even though our first, and only, visit was 3 or 4 years ago, I vividly recall it was a beautiful night, so Mom and I opted to dine in the patio.  It started to get chilly, but we did not want to move inside for the solo acoustic guitarist was delightful playing his Santana covers.  Thank goodness I always keep an extra jacket/sweater in the car for emergencies!Thank you Jalapeno for a memorable night!
5	I have finally found my favorite Mexican restaurant.  Food has great Flavor and the hotter sauce was good enough to drink although I had to ask for it. The service was impeccable, they kept both my diet Coke glass filled and the hot sauce coming. Now for the good stuff.  The top shelf margarita was wonderful and if I wasn't driving I would have had at least three. They served a mix of chips, both came out hot. The corn chips were standard, but the flour ones were more fluffy and addicting.I can't wait to go back.Michael
5	My husband and I frequent this place as it is close to our home and the food is very good. Not your typical mexican food. We have never been disappointed by the food or the service
3	I went here on a cold night around the holidays and it provided the warmth I needed. The front room is pretty hokey, and I'm not sure I'd like dining in there. But the back room, the "lounge" area, is much more my style. The food was above average Mexican, lacking the spiciness of other spots but more than making up with the quality ingredients. I also enjoyed the live entertainment (some acoustic dudes covered "My Winding Wheel" by Ryan Adams -- play that anywhere and I'll give three stars). I'd go back, but only for that back room. The front room looks like Don Pablo's had a lovechild with Ajo Al's. Blah.
4	This place was great. We were seated quickly. The chips and salsa were delicious. My wife raved about the tomatillo chicken enchiladas. I had the shredded beef tacos (my serving size was small, but after all the chips I had, that was probably a benefit.) The tacos were delicious. Everything tasted good and the margarita was well done as well. This is mexican food that will not disappoint.
4	AWESOME awesome awesome...  tripped over this stripmall and decided to have lunch with Hubby here.  Warm chips and great salsa - Check!  Delicious Margarity (not too tangy and nice and strong) - Check!  and really yummy food -- Check!  They won some awards for their Tamale and they really are amazing.  The steak fajitas were what I ate the first time and were totally BOMB and then I had a combination platter with a cheese enchilada and a chicken soft taco.  You nearly had to roll me out of there!  Hubby had the Unconstructed chicken taco and I must say I was really jealous.  He then ordered the Inferno sauce on the side (brave man) and was so surprised as to how hot it was.  He loved it - now I know he's nuttier than a fruitcake.  We've been back every weekend since its discovery.  Try it -- you'll like it!
3	First time here? Free tamale y'all ! Green sweet corn...and it's huge. Yum. Very tasty prickly pear margaritas served in a very fun tall glass. Only place I've seen outside of Aqui that has this sweet little gem.Steak salad had a ton of steak, and my hub liked his dish too. Quick service, cute patio...nice lunch. Surprising find in a strip mall. Fun way to start an anniversary mini-vacation.
4	My sister and I were going to a move at Desert Ridge yesterday but wanted to grab some lunch first, we are Mexican food junkies, and since the only option at Desert Ridge was Rubio's, we decided to head a bit further North and go to Jalapenos. While I don't get here very often, I always am happy when I do. First off, the chips are awesome. The give you a mixed basket of corn and flour tortilla chips. Now I like tortilla chips in every shape and form, but the flour tortilla chips are a rarity, and when I see them, I pounce! They are so rich, they melt in your mouth, and are heavenly with the fresh, chunky salsa. I have had many things here, enchiladas, tacos, Mexican pizza, all of which are very good. I would really recommend the shredded beef, it is very moist and flavorful. I decided to try the spinach enchiladas yesterday, to see how they compared to my favorite ones at Arribas. I have to say, they were very different than the ones at Arribas, but they were very good. First off, they use a flour tortilla instead of corn, and they fill it with spinach and cheese, then cover them in read sauce with a dollop of their spinach con queso on top and sprinkled with sliced almonds. It is a very unique enchilada...and very yummy. The chips are what keep calling me back to here....but the rest of the food never disappoints either!
4	The atmosphere, food, drinks, cleanliness and staff were top notch. I ordered the smothered chicken which was tender and very tasty....it also complimented my Kick-Ass Tex-Ass drink : )A great place if you are craving Mexican.
2	Love a free sweet corn tamale! It was sooo good. And so were the housemade flour chips! I wish they were the only representation I had of Jalapeno Inferno because this review would look much different.However ... and this is big ... the $75.00 on 2 margarita pitchers was totally a RIP OFF.... are you kidding me? Not cool, Bistro Mexicano, not cool.They offered pitchers for the group - and we're like "WOW, that's great." And then they charged us for 8 individual overpriced margaritas that they dumped into glorified glass mugs... I guess "bistro" is like code for snotty bartender, overpriced drinks, slow service, and "B" at best mexican food.I'd go here again, but I'd definitely have to pre-game the Margaritas beforehand... otherwise the first 30 minutes of the night will be signing an "official document" verifying we're of legal age. And then top it off by throwing down a Benjamin for two measly margarita pitchers...I wanted to love it. And I just really didn't - not at all.
2	Am I taking crazy pills???!!!!! Four stars???? Really????  I think there needs to be some sort of quiz before being allowed to write reviews......  It could be as simple as: How many fingers am I holding up? Who was the first president of the United States? Or, have you ever eaten Mexican food before?So based on its proximity to my home and the four star reviews from yelpers, we gave it a go. Was it completely terrible? No. But come on guys, call it what it is. This place is no better than an El Torito. Frankly, you are way better off to go to Baja Fresh, take it home, make your own margarita and save 50 bucks...I had the carne asada fundido. Basically its like an under-fried chimi with steak and sauteed peppers and onions inside and sour cream on top. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't shitty, but there just isn't anything to sing about. Utterly average... Traveling for work a lot, I get to eat in a lot of great cities. The only reason I mention that is that in many cities, if you open an "ok" restaurant, it is closed inside a year. You just can't survive if you are this average. I have had better mexican food in Seattle for god's sake....SEATTLE!!!!!!! There are more mexican americans in this town that the entire population of Washington State.... Is it possible that the only good mexican food in this town comes from place where you have to stand in line to order?
3	Stopped in for a late lunch with a friend. The ambiance was good. The restaurant was clean. The service was average if not a bit slow. The food was good/average. There is nothing about the place that makes it stand out good or bad. A nice neighborhood restaurant and retreat from the heat.
4	Good Mexican Mexican food. Generous portions, good flavor, been in Scottsdale for a very long tome and has been recognized locally for it's food quality, I'm hooked on the flour tortilla chips! You can request to have only flour instead of the corn and flour mix they usually bring. Salsa is more salsa fresca than blender salsa. Outdoor patio has misters and is very quaint. Good Eats...
4	It seemed like we drove for quite a while from Old Scottsdale for some Mexican food. At least it was very busy, so that was a good sign. We were greeted and seated within seconds while our drinks and free chips with salsa followed soon after. I can't say I love the flour chips mixed in with the corn chips but the salsa was quite good with either of them. We lapped up the small dish they gave us and asked for more. They brought a huge bowl and we ate it too. We also ordered pico de gallo for the chips. It was very good as well and I found myself mixing the two on my chips. We had the Carne Asada which came with vegetables and rice. I had a side of re fried beans because Carne Asada seems to go with re fried beans for me. The steak was a real steak, no skirt steak here. It was quite good and it had all the "Mexican" flavor that I was hoping for. Cooked to order and seasoned deliciously, this steak is worth coming back for. The beans were ok, just re fried beans and not worth ordering as a side. The vegetables were just that, but it was all worth every penny because of the steak. The waitress suggested the honey flan with caramel sauce and whip cream as it was her favorite. I'm not sure I've ever had flan but it was delicious. The dessert was kind of like a thick pudding but I loved the texture and I loved the taste. I thought I was too full for desert but I finished this. The service was very good and it was very quick. The whole meal for two came in at $45. Nice place to eat.
4	It was "under construction" when I visited yesterday, but I enjoyed dining in their cantina nonetheless.Good quality from the chips and salsa to my chicken wrap. Reasonable lunch specials, and I am guessing an amazing atmosphere from the look of the work going on in the dining room.I shall return!
2	We usually have gone to Jalapeno Inferno for lunch on Saturdays and one night a few weeks ago decided to go back and try it for dinner.  I asked for my Margarita like I always do there - Top Shelf on the rocks and - strained.  I don't like the pulp in their home made margarita mix.  I got the first one with all this icky pulp and just asked to have it sent back and just to strain it.  The owner came back and was so rude to my -- in front of our 2 kids no less - saying that he gave us the regular margarita since we didn't appreciate the fact that their mix is homemade.  I told him they strained it for me all the time on Saturdays - bless Patrick's heart.  The owner then told me he did not know how that was done.  I said "Well there's a little thing most bars have called a "STRAINER".  He said he didn't have one.  What???So forget the better tequila and the Gran Marnier that would normally be in my Top Shelf margarita.  I'm just some low life that didn't deserve that I guess.  So I find out -- this guy is the OWNER that treated us this way.  We have been there every Saturday at lunch with the 4 of us spending easily $100 a week -- through the slow summer when no one was there and everything.  Yes, good tamales and food in general.  But I'd rather eat in a barn than pay for rude service and line that owners pockets with my money.  We've never been back...
4	Five hungry travelers, having spent the day in Sedona, embarked upon a journey in search of Mexican fare. Apple, the God of Technology, worked its magic and through the power of Yelp, we founds this place. We were imediately seated, surprising for a Saturday night and promptly received some tasty chips and salsa.  Our wonderful server, Jose, recommended the Boss Margarita, which 3 of us tried and agreed was "boss". My sister tried the black cherry sangria (served frozen), was like a cherry shake. We all really enjoyed our meals, my seafood relleno with just a bit of heat and sweet;  the fajitas were flavorful - quite a treat and the the chimmichunga was downright awesome. We mentioned to our server the Yelp coupon - the manager, James, stopped over to tell us this was a new promotion and shared the scoop on the renvoation. New tile, new ceiling and new artwork - Robert Shields (Shields and Young of 70's fame). When this weary traveler finds her way back to this area, this place is first on my list.
5	Remodeled inside looks much better and more like a real restaurant.   Our meal was prior to the lunch rush so the service was prompt & food came out right away.Corn tamales had a wonderful texture - moist & bready, almost like a crumbly cornbread.  Spinach enchiladas with slivered almonds were interesting as well.  Prices were very reasonable considering that it is the lottie-dah part of North Scottsdale.  Restrooms were nicely decorated and very clean.  Good selection of tequilas.
5	All five of us loved this place.  The chips are homemade, very fresh mix of wheat and corn chips.  Salsa was good, not spicy but not bland.  All the food was delicious.  The decor was a blend of southwest and tongue in cheek.   Prices were very reasonable.
3	It was a rainy day, so being the kind person that I am, I agreed to drive my wife to My Sister's Closet in North Scottsdale.  She thought I was wonderful, until she saw that there was a Hornaceks Golf Store in the same shopping center.  Imagine, she questioned my motives!!  So to make it up to her, I took her to Jalapeno Inferno Bistro Mexicana.  We just happened to time it so that we were seated immediately.  We were  given chips and a red salsa, which was rather bland.  When the waiter found out that we had never been there before, we were also given a free sweet green corn tamale.  It was quite good, but not quite what I was looking for.  I wanted HEAT.  So I asked him if they had a hotter salsa.  He brought out their hot salsa, which still wasn't very hot - so then I asked for a side of fresh chopped jalapeno peppers.  After adding that to the salsa, it began to have a little heat to it.After looking through the menu, my wife decided that she liked the tamale so well, she ordered two more of them off the appetizer menu.  The menu was quite extensive, and had a lot of choices.  I finally decided on the Enchiladas Nuevo Mexico, off of the "Some Like It Hot" section of the menu.  My wife was very happy with the sweet corn tamale.  I thought the enchiladas were very good, but still lacking in the hot factor.  So it was simple - I added more fresh jalapenos, and that helped it a lot.So all in all, it was a good experience.  The service was excellent, the bistro was quite attractive on the inside, and the food was above average.  I always drink Dos Equis Amber, so I can't judge the wine or mixed drinks.  My only complaint was that with "inferno" in the name,  they should allow at least an option of spicing up the salsa or entrees.At  best, the salsa was bland, and the enchiladas, while spicy, were not "hot".  I thought my expectations might have been to high based on the name, but my wife, who is not fond of "hot" foods, also thought the food somewhat bland.But, of course, the best part was that my wife did forgive me for visiting the golf shop.  That made it worth the trip.
4	I really enjoyed my Sunday lunch at Jalapenos! Everything from the patio to the service was above average! I really liked the food especially the flour tortilla chips and salsa. I had a yummy chicken chimi. I will go back in the future.
5	The boyfriend and I drove up here on a lovely spring afternoon for lunch on their patio that was open onto the bar area.  They had several flat screen t.v.s which offered viewing of the March Madness games.We started with chips and salsa (I was not a fan of the flour chips mixed in, boyfriend liked them).  He also ordered a side of the Inferno sauce, which the waitress explained to us as not starting out too spicy, but watch out, because the heat builds!  The boyfriend actually had to stop eating the salsa when our food came because his mouth was on fire and he wanted to be able to taste his food. We were able to take advantage of the Yelp special (buy one get one free lunch).  I built my own chimichanga and he built his own burrito.  Both were delicious.  I also got the honey flan for dessert.  It was also delicious, but very rich, and I couldn't finish it!We will definitely come back here to taste many of the other things off of the menu.  The service and ambience were great and the salsa was hot!
4	The food was very good, It was a month or so back so I forgot what I ordered but it was on the customers favorites section ( It's no longer there.) It was some kind of enchilada with goat cheese and chicken and spinach and mushrooms, etc... Really great! My boyfriend ordered what was stated on the menu as a 13 inch burrito but we thought maybe they brought him the wrong food item. Although it was super tasty (no complaints about the taste), It was only about a 7 inch burrito, so way smaller then stated on the menu or expected. Good service, a nice menu, obviously they change the menu up, which is also a plus. When we went, they were speaking of opening a great wine bar we'd like to try. The chips and salsa were very good! We will go back after we try out a few more Mexican restaurants. The one nice plus about Scottsdale is the selection of places to eat is so HUGE we have the great pleasure of finding a trying out so many great places such as this!
3	At the time I ventured here there was the Yelp mention special and get a free lunch item, can't complain on that one :-DBut, the service was pretty dismal.  We were there for two hours!!! For lunch!  And, not busy either...The food...Carne Asada Fajitas.  They were okay, lots of liquid in the bottom :-/I won't make a specific special trip back here, but if I'm in that shopping center, I'll check it out again.
4	You must try the sweet corn tamale! That is a great way to start the meal. It is almost a desert it is so sweet. The place is is the corner of a strip mall but the scenery is more then just the parking lot. The chips and salsa, always the measuring stick of a good Mexican restaurant, were perfect. Thick chip/tortillas and spicy salsa. Mmmmmm. The food was delicious.  All our entrees had plenty of heat so order lots of water. The chicken enchiladas I ordered from the spicy menu delivered a good kick.  They were juicy, flavorful and now they are gone. My wife's salad was fresh. She ordered the spicy ranch dressing which came on the side. Good thing because it made her nose run it was so hot.  Great place to eat.
3	Jalapeno's has a fun atmosphere, good outdoor seating, good service, and pretty decent Mexican food. They had great fresh salsa with a mix of chips. I ordered a combo platter with a shredded beef taco and a green corn tamale. Both were very tasty. The tamale was a tad on the dry side, but still above average. The beans and rice were okay. They offer a variety of margaritas. Our very attentive server insisted that a margarita called "The Boss" was the best one. We ordered them and they tasted like tequila with some lime. Too strong for me, but it was popular with the guys. Much to our server's disdain, I ordered a *gasp* blended margarita. Much better and easier to enjoy. I wouldn't go out of the way, but if you're up north and craving Mexican food, Jalapeno's is a good bet.
5	I love this place! I have only been for lunch and happy hour, so I can't comment on the dinner menu at all, but for lunch it rocks. Service is always fast and good, food is excellent, happy hour menu rocks with a varied selection of margaritas that are all yummy. The apps are half off at happy hour also, so you can actually have a nice "meal" if you want. The patio is nice and sometimes they have live music. It's kind of hidden in a strip mall, so if you don't know where it is, you could miss it. This is not a typical strip mall place, though, it's very nice inside. Also, check for specials with Yelp- they offer some great deals!
5	We went for lunch, fabulous,great service too! I had the "Black and Blue salad" and it was yummy, with a seasoned chicken breast. My lunch mate had the Signature Fundido, and went crazy! We would definately go again and soon!
3	Average food and average service. I like this place because it's close and will go here again, but I would not honestly think of taking a group or a guest here. Other places near here have more "must go" appeal. The Anaheim rellenos were pretty good and of course the fluffy chips are great, but I have never had a memorable dish here.Although we have been here 5-6 times, we just noticed that they have changed  the decor and have a better tequila menu. So, I guess that means we never go inside... The patio is very cool when they have the guitar duet playing there, but I think that is the only reason I would come back.
4	Great place!  I have been going here for years.  Cowboy Margarita is a must and the best.  Fresh and warm flour and corn chips and salsa...yum
4	I can see why people love the tamales, but they weren't 'my cup of tea.' Instead I was very impressed with the section of their menu that focused on spicy items. I ordered the burrito with inferno sauce in it. Finally, something that would sting and linger. I like this place a lot and so does everyone else in my family ( immediate and extended).
2	Although I have been here a few times, I wasn't very impressed with the food or the service. They offer Happy Hour from 4:30pm - 6:30pm M - F. We went Monday at 5pm and were quickly seated in the main room. We asked about the 1/2 price appetizers for happy hour but were told that it was in the Cantina room only. After already been seated and served drinks, we didn't want to move to save a couple of dollars but it left a bad taste in our mouth. Service was slow. We order a 2nd round of drinks as we got our entrees and they didn't arrive until we were finished eating. My "Top Shelf" Margarita tasted like soap water. Although my shrimp taco's were good, my wife's grab meat rellenos was terrible. My son ordered the cheese casadilla which had chillis. He thought it was too spicy so he didn't eat it. I think this place is starting to go down hill.
3	Decided to give this place a shot after seeing it on my happy hour app. I signed up for the email newsletter on their website and received a 5$ coupon when you spend $20 or more on anything. Food wise, they had half off happy hour from 4:30-6:30 and domestic beers were 2.75 and imports 3.75. The chips were tasty and so was the salsa. The funditos were good but nothing you wouldn't find at any other mexican restaurant. Their website and social media work seems to be very good. I like places that keep me informed of what's going on.The cantina was very nice inside and everything was tasty. Might go again someday and try some more dishes. Hey where was this "free tamale" everyone is talking about?
5	Two words of wisdom for you, and I hesitate to write this because it's going to make this place busy...TACO TUESDAY.  For $10 you get unlimited refills (2 at a time) of chicken or beef tacos, soft or hard shell.The drinks were strong and the staff is EXCELLENT.  They actually care, which seems funny to even have to mention that.  The manager even came over.Watched one of the world series games here and it was a great experience all the way around.  It was clean, quiet enough, great food, great service, and what else could you ask for?I didn't go during a football game on Sunday, but they have a sign that makes me want to.  all kinds of specials and special items.Go check this place out of you are anywhere close!
3	I had a nice lunch sitting out on the extended patio of Jalapeno's this week.  The sun was shining and it felt warm, the perfect excuse to order a margarita.  The drink was just so-so.  Nothing special.  The lunch specials are very nicely priced at around $7 for two items.  The plate came hot and the shredded beef taco with the hard shell was quite nice.  The other dish was not memorable....in fact, I cannot even remember what I ordered right now!  The waitress was nice; I think she has worked here for a long time.  I'll go back and this time I'll start with a beer and then maybe this place will move up to a 4-star rating!
3	If you're in the parking lot and starving go for it. Otherwise not really worth a trip.Not bad but just typical, average, mediocre. Menu does have variety - but again you've  had it all before. Wait staff - slightly below average.
4	First time visitor.  Food was very good.  Service was very slow.
2	Earlier this week, we used our handy Google mobile app to locate what we hoped was authentic Mexican food. We were craving flavorful salsa and well-spiced meat dishes after a long, warm day in the desert. What we found here was slightly different than we were expecting......The chips were made of corn AND flour tortillas, which was a nice surprise but way too filling while waiting for our food. The salsa was just fresh tomatoes with some cilantro (or maybe even parsley?) for color.It was "Taco Tuesday", which here meant all-you-can-eat of crunchy or soft with 3 different filling choices."Hamburger Helper-esque flavored shredded beef tacos", according to my teen son. Ooops :( I ordered the "award-winning green chili sweet tamale". I fear they left the winners with the judges, for they didn't make it to my table. The tamales were dry and contained about a tablespoon of chopped chiles throughout. And, although they were sweet as promised, they lacked depth of flavour overall.The service was fine and the refills on soft drinks was fair, but I really was hoping for more. We are in town for a couple of weeks and may try it one more time since it's close to our accommodations, but with all these Tex-Mex and MexiCali flavour houses to choose from, it will take a lot to win us over for a better review.
4	Like its name, Jalapeno Inferno Bistro Mexicana has a correspondingly large food menu & drink menu, and it was all really good. I would definitely return here, whether for happy hour (okay definitely for happy hour) or dinner (also a definite yes). First of all, I LOVE the margarita sampler. Many brewpubs have beer samplers but this the first margarita sampler I've ever had the joy of ordering. Also the menu is quite large, has a ton of variety & a lot of interesting (much more than regular tex-mex) options, and has a lot of good vegetarian options.My boyfriend & I tried six different margaritas. My favorite margarita was the mango which was ridiculously amazing. A lot of mango margaritas are too sweet or have a very processed fruit taste but not this one - it's perfectly balanced & fresh tasting. I generally really dislike margaritas that come out of the large frozen blended dispenser because they are usually way too low on alcohol and I generally prefer my margaritas on the rocks instead of blended, but the mango that good is super good. My boyfriend's favorite was the coconut. I thought the Texas-Ass Kick-Ass margarita was really smooth with the Shiner Bock floater, and it has a great name. The ones that did not impress was the Ultima (boring when there are other better choices & overpriced at $12) and the Pinnacle Peak Pomegranate (didn't actually taste like pomegranate). I had the veggie fajitas which were really good and big enough for two meals. All the components of this dish were outstanding. The black beans were really great & have a very good flavor (I think cumin). The guacamole was fresh, full of garlic & lemon, and deliciously chunky. The tortillas were so soft & pliable & thick - I'm not sure if they were freshly made because I didn't see a tortilla maker but they sure tasted that way. The vegetables were a little on the bland side but I added the table salsa & it was great. My boyfriend had the west texas bbq taco's and he really liked them and the mango-chiptole bbq sauce. Also the complimentary chips & salsa were ridiculously good - super thick fried chips and fresh chunky flavorful salsa.We had awful service at the bar, as in I think that's the rudest a bartender has ever been to me. It took the longest time to get a drink menu and then to put in our drink order. She complained about my order for the sampler to me, to the other bartender, to the other patrons and even had the nerve to say to another patron 'I'm making these drinks terribly, don't order a sampler' loud enough for me and the entire bar to hear. It was awkward. Fortunately our actual server at our table was really nice & friendly.
5	Hands down, our favorite place! My husband and I come here about twice a month and my friends and I recently starting coming for Happy Hour too.  Delicious chips (flour and corn) and salsa as soon as you sit down (they keep them coming too).  The mango margarita is my drink of choice here.  We always get the corn tamales and shredded beef tacos, and sometimes the spinach enchiladas (get it with shredded chicken and ask for extra almonds)!  Everything is amazing and the portions are large.  Whenever we have guests visiting we make sure to come here.  The owners are great and always check to make sure everyone is happy.  We will continue to come here (and to Rhythm and Wine which they also own).
2	For Mexican food, this is just okay.  For Scottsdale mexican food, I guess it could be considered good.The chips and salsa are very good.  Everything after that was just okay. I ordered the Chili Rellenos and for the most part they were bland and a bit mushy.  The green chili sauce that it was smothered in lacked real flavor. The pork it is was very, very salty.I hope our waitress was fairly new because she did not know what items were considered vegetarian and then brought out the wrong dish to one of our table mates.
2	If you're feeling like "Mexican" this place is just ok. Yes just ok. Their homemade taco chips are definitely a winner and hard to put down. Salsa "tasty". I like the 2 or 3 combo option on the menu. Lots of items to choose from. I tried the shredded chicken and beef tacos (served with rice and refried beans). Shells were homemade but a little greasy. My husband went with the shrimp enchiladas ($13.99). Nothing special and expensive. The have a long list of margaritas including their "Kick-Ass Tex-Ass" topped with a shot of beer. During happy hour (3 to 6:30) most margaritas are $5.99. Although that may seem like a good deal don't be fooled because the glass is filled to the brim with ice. Overall kind of pricey for a Mexican restaurant and not all that impressed with the quality of the food. Let's take it up a notch here.
2	The dinner we had here was OK... nothing to rave about. The tortilla chips were very good as others have mentioned... a mix of corn and deep fried flour chips. The salsa was OK... lots of fresh tomato chunks but not much kick. We shared "steak fajitas for two"... plenty of tenderized flank steak but not much seasoning. The sides of Mexican rice and re-fried beans were bland... didn't taste homemade (could be). Gringo Mex as others have mentioned.The margaritas were blended well... not too large but they did have a kick to them. We were told the drink/appetizer happy hour specials only apply to the bar area... only after we were seated in the dining room (they did offer to let us move). I've run into this a few times... think it should be stated up front. From reading other reviews, it sounds like they may honor happy hour rates on the patio as well (we were not told this)??The service was OK... a bit slow at the end but I think our waiter was in training and the place was very crowded (on a weeknight!). The noise level didn't add to the ambiance. I wouldn't really rush to come back here. I might stop in and give it another chance if I were nearby to try some appetizer and drink specials... seated in the bar area.
4	Came here last night with some friends.  Had me some of the Valle Verde Spinach Enchiladas.  Awesome.  Super tasty.  Even the chips that they brought out before our meal were pretty awesome.  There were light and fluffy- very fresh.I'll definitely be coming back here again.
2	Consistently disappointing summarizes our experiences here.  The chips and salsa (ask for hot salsa) and inferno sauce are the only positive factors at this restaurant.  My husband and I have ordered food here numerous times and each time leave shaking our heads wondering why we didn't learn from our past experiences at Inferno.I'll summarize our most recent visit to provide an example.  I ordered a combination plate that was supposed to consist of a soft vegetarian taco and bean tostada with a side of rice and beans.  My husband also ordered a combination plate with a bean tostada and inquired as to what options were available for a burrito without meat.  The server pointed him to "Courtney's Favorite Burrito Inferno" that was on the menu and explained that the burrito had rice, black beans, cilantro, onions, etc. in it and that he could get "pretty much anything he wanted" in it and they would just omit the meat. When our meals arrived, my plate was missing the side of beans altogether and the taco was served with a hard shell.  When I asked to have the taco replaced with the soft shell that I ordered, my plate was swept away and reappeared about a minute later with a soft taco that was clearly simply the contents of the hard shell taco that had been scraped haphazardly into a tortilla.  As it turned out, the taco was actually the best part of the meal as it was nearly impossible to chew the greasy, leathery tostada shell that was sopped with refried beans and few if any other toppings.  My husband's plate contained the same lackluster tostada and had the appropriate sides of rice and beans.  As for the burrito, which according to the combination menu is supposed to be ten inches, what arrived was a six inch dried, cracked, and stale tortilla containing nothing but greasy sauteed onions and green peppers that I would assume are used for the fajitas.  The burrito was so flavorless and the ingredients so poor quality that he gave up on even trying to consume the majority of it.Another consistent negative that we've observed about Inferno is the generally rude attitude of the bartenders who seem to be put out to have to make a margarita.  Once we do manage to get their attention after they continually walk past and ignore customers in need of drinks at the bar, a margarita is then sloppily thrown together and served in a glass that is only about 2/3 full.  It would appear that the staff's attitude is simply an extension of the owner's as we've seen Terry, who certainly recognizes us from Inferno and from his sister property Rhythm & Wine yet will not even greet us or most of the other customers, skulking around the restaurant rudely demanding that staff change the television channels as he stands around idly, seemingly wishing he were anywhere but at his restaurant.All in all, this is a place to stop for some chips and salsa and nothing more.  The location is really the only reason that we've been to Inferno as often as we have and we certainly aren't in a hurry to return.
4	Let's start with the chips and salsa. They give you normal crispy chips AND decadently fluffy tortilla chips with a really fresh salsa. Super duper tasty!Now, I can't remember what I had the first few times I came here but I know I was blown away. However, the only thing that matters anymore are the spinach enchalads. They are served with a incredibly flavorful red sauce and then topped with another white sauce and get this - TOASTED ALMOND SLICES. Yes, toasted almond slices. These lil' babies add the most insane texture to the creaminess of the cheese and spinach filling. I would love to have a plate of these right now - at 8:03am. The rice and beans are also excellent.I can't speak to the alcohol selection too well but I did have a non-alcoholic prickly pear margarita and it was rather scrumptious. I was assured the one with alcohol was just as tasty and you get a ridiculous sucker in the shape of a cactus.My only complaint is the service can be hit or miss. Last time I went was father's day around 1 or 2 and the place wasn't very busy. Our server was a bit of an airhead (and rather squeaky but that's not their fault).
4	So if you are looking for a great family friendly place to tempt your taste buds with some of the best hot salsa around you need to go here!  There is something for everyone, from Quesadilla's to Cheese Crisp to the wonderful Black and Blue Salad!  My favorite Item  is the Swordfish Tacos they rock your taste bud world!  The price is set perfect and the service is wonderful and friendly.  You should really try the Tex ASS Margarita wow what a drink!So really give your oven and your love or friends a break and go sit and be taken care of!Hot for Jalapenos!
2	Words I would use to describe this restaurant: generic, bland, boring, underwhelming.  There is nothing exciting about this place except maybe the descriptions of the entrees, which falsely made everything sound wonderful.  I ordered the Green Hatch Chile Enchiladas, which was listed on a portion of the menu that contained a warning about the spice-level.  The entree was described as slow-roasted pork carnitas enchiladas in a spicy green hatch chile sauce.  First of all, not spicy at all - really, I would have felt fine feeding this to my one-year-old.  There was definitely not slow-roasted anything in the dish - just cubes of unflavored meat.  And the hatch chile sauce?  I am pretty sure that it was from a can - the type you find at the grocery store.  My wife was equally disappointed with her entree.
5	Best guacamole every had at a restaurant and the fish tacos are amazing
1	Bad service.  Went for lunch on cinco de mayo.  Saw there were specials, prizes, balloons...but our waitress never mentionned any of the specials.  We found out only after placing our order.  We were offered a free tamale because it was our first visit.  They forgot to bring it out.  Got it when the meal was almost finished then they charged it on the bill.  The waitress barely came to our table so no way to refill drinks or get extra napkins.  Food was mediocre. I am dissapointed because judging by the crowds I've seen there I expected excellent food and excellent service, neither of which we got.
4	Great atmosphere at this place!  The mushroom and goat cheese enchiladas were great and so was the peach melba margarita!  The chips and salsa were quite tasty too!  My only complaint was that our server kept trying to rush us even though there were other open tables for new guests.
3	It's Hatch Chile season and the employees here are very excited. Jalapeno Inferno has a separate menu dedicated to food items that contain Hatch Chiles and if you were to ask for recommendation of what to order they will tell you to order off this menu, which of course, we did. To drink, I ordered their Down the Hatch Margarita that contains, guess what....Hatch Chiles! Two different employees passionately suggested this so I was down to try and enjoy this drink. FAIL! So incredibly disgusting that it almost came back up the hatch. Now, I'm not sure if my taste buds haven't matured enough to appreciate Hatch Chile season  (that only lasts about a month or so), but my date wasn't a fan of this drink either and I was jealous of his Corona. Thank god the glass had a salt rim because that was the only way I could get the drink down. For my entree I ordered carne asada fajitas that came with 3 freshly warmed tortillas, guacamole, sour cream, shredded cheese, pico de gallo, and a side of refried beans and rice. Yummy! My date order Hatch Chile enchiladas that were really good and should definitely be tried. The chips and salsa were delicious, but who doesn't love deep fried tortilla chips?Service was speedy and the staff was very friendly. The restaurant itself, is very clean, neat, and bright. I would give Jalapeno Inferno another go around if I'm up the area.
2	My husband and I visited Jalapeno Inferno for lunch last weekend and were not very impressed. The restaurant and the patio are nice looking but the food was not as appealing. The salsa and chips were "okay."  I wasn't a fan of the chips. I know that many people do but I found the texture to be similar to "Cinnamon Twists" at Taco Bell. I prefer crispier chips. But, my husband was a fan so I guess it's just personal preference. My husband had the Hatch Green Chile Enchiladas and I had the Anaheim Chile Relleno Platter. I did not like my meal. I could only eat a few bites of the Chile Relleno but I did enjoy my rice and beans. My husband enjoyed his enchiladas but they were not as hot as advertised since they are listed under the "some like it hot" portion of the menu. They main reason I am giving this restaurant two stars is because of the lack of service. We rarely saw our waitress and the restaurant did not appear busy. She never asked if we needed anything and never refilled our water or beverages. She took our order, dropped off our bill, but never provided any service in between those two events.
3	Mexican food for commercialized Americans, but it does a fairly decent job at that.
2	I came here because it had good reviews, a groupon/living-social voucher, and was craving some Mexican food that is actually spicy because I'm tired of going to restaurants that put that little jalapeno pepper graphic next to an entree only to have be as if they never put any spicy peppers in the darn meal.Well unfortunately, that was the same case here. My boyfriend loves extremely spicy peppers and ordered an entree off the "spicy" list, "for those who are daring", and was extremely disappointed. I do like spicy but not as much as him, tried a couple bites of his dish too, and I didn't taste anything spicy.The reason for the 2 stars is because of expectations; you can't name your restaurant "Jalapeno Inferno" and have the spicy dishes taste so boringly unspicy. Now I really am tired of going to restaurants where they promise sweat-induced spiciness but fail to even tickle my taste buds.
4	My new favorite Mexican restaurant since my old one unexpectedly closed down a few months ago. Little did I know there was another within 10 minutes from my home. Happy hour is insane. The margaritas are amazing and everything we ate was delicious. The restaurant is beautiful and staff is very nice which I didn't expect because of the area. The only downside is that it doesn't feel like its very authentic.  My husband and I are still going to be regulars for sure.
5	Very impressive! Loved their service and style. The chips and salsa had an interesting flair to it. The chips were a mixture of tortilla and wonton type chips. The salsa had a peppery flavor which was really cool. I ordered the skillet chicken which was very yummy. My hubby got the street tacos which he really enjoyed as well. He ordered a margarita and I went with the berry bubbly martini which were both delicious and very strong which is a plus. The bill was right at about $50 bucks with tip which isn't too bad considering we drank alcohol. We also had a living social deal that expired almost a month prior and they still honored it. We will definitely be back and we'd also love to try their other restaurant, Rhythm and Wine!
4	As far as Mexican restaurants go, this is one of my favorites.  We never come to Scottsdale without going to Jalapeno.  I have been coming here for longer than I can remember, and now my lady is as addicted as I.I consider myself a margarita aficionado, and they have among the best margaritas that I have experienced. The beauty of their margarita menu is that there is something for everyone.  If you want an awesome margarita in the style that most gringos enjoy, order their ultimate margarita.  They make their own sweet and sour, and it is delicious and large.  If you don't care for a sweet margarita, order The Boss.  It is a more traditional margarita made with only a splash of sweet and sour, but mostly just tequila and lime juice.  Enjoy their home fried tortilla chips while you drink your first margarita.  They use both flour and corn tortillas to make these.  I usually eat all of the flour chips first, but never leave a corn chip behind either.To go with your next margarita just pick about anything off of the menu and you will not be sorry.  I most recently ordered the Texas flat enchiladas. The taste was good, but I found the thick masa tortillas held a little too much of the oil in which they were fried and were a bit too rich for my taste.  My sister's mushroom and goat cheese enchiladas were yummy and different.  My lady's fish tacos were delicious. If you don't want to experiment with something new, order anything more conventional, and you won't be sorry.Other than to visit family and friends, Jalapenos is the reason that I can't wait to return to Scottsdale.
5	my favorite Mexican place in north Scottsdale.  Cozy and good.  Been going there for years, especially like the street taco and the salsa.  My wife had the recently update fun-dido.  she is already talking about going back to get it again.
5	Our favorite in the area. Chips and guacamole are really good. Happy hour in the bar is a very good deal and it is a classy place to have dinner in the dining room.   This is where we take out of town guests looking to experience southwestern cuisine.   try the green chile corn tamales. Best west of Santa Fe.
4	This is a bit over-due and ergo hazy....but I remember the chips and salsa were nothing short of AH-MAZING! I was in town for Thanksgiving and the man and I made the trek here to meet up with an old high school friend that I hadn't seen in....well, in awhile. The food was great and the chips and salsa...did I mention? Ah-mazing! We stayed around after they left and moved to the bar but oddly enough after another round or so of drinks and way before the ASU/CAL game was over the place was closing up and like 10or 11ish. Weird! Other than the chips/salsa I don't really have a reason to drive to BFE  (Mom in Surprise, Dad in Fountain Hills and I live out of state) but I really enjoyed the place!
3	It was a pretty basic, average Mexican bistro. It is good for a large group, we were well accommodate for a party of 10. The fajitas were great. Unfortunately, the waitress began by selling us a 'special sale' pitcher of margaritas that was completely watered or juiced down. It had very little tequila in it, which is obvious in a margarita on the rocks. That was pretty dissappointing.. The food was fine.....Guac was good...Other then that pretty average.
4	Yumm Yumm Yummmm! I just went here for the first time just a few days ago and really liked it. They have a large menu with lots of authentic options. I had a chile relleno which reminded me of the ones my Abuela used to make. Can't wait to return and try more of their enticing options!
1	My visit on 1/1/12 will be my last.  My family was treated very poorly by the owner.We were accused of "sharing the buffet", when we all ordered entrees, with the exception of my son in law who did order from the $16.99 marginal buffet and ate one plate.  We have been going to Jalapenos for 20 years, and have always enjoyed the chips and salsa and various entrees.  In all the years we have eaten in various restaurants in the Valley, we have never been treated like this, especially from the owner.    I will miss going there,.Betty W.
3	Over all I liked everything. As for starters... the chips and salsa were excellent. The chips where very good... ne was like your standard nacho chips but the others mixed in where very different.They were flakey and light...  jet really good.The "black cherry" Sangria (i order it non-frozen) was amazing...   really good and garnished with frozen cherries which was a nice touch.Main dishes where very good. We ordered a wise array of dishes and everyone was happy with what was served. I ordered fajitas which were very good and had a nice sauce.Over al everything was fresh and good quality. Service was slow... but we were there at lunch and a few larger parties were there so understandable. But a few points of waiting was a bit long of a wait to get drinks and some other things which took the experience down a notch.If it wasn't for the poor service issue I would give a 4 Star rating.. but unfortunately I took it down to a 3.
3	My girlfriend and I try out new restaurants almost once a week. This one being close to home we thought we'd try it this week, had pretty good reviews. We got to try their famous green chili tamale, it had good flavor but was mostly masa. I had the spinach and almond enchilada and Chile relleno it was good. But the service wasn't very consistant. The waitress was nice and informative about the menu but very slow in coming back to us to take our order and too refill our drinks. But I would try it again because the food was good and they had some different twist to tradition Mexican cuisine.
5	Best chips in town!! I go for the chips.  There salsa is different, I love it.  I usually order the fundidos when I go there.  Great place.  If you go for lunch, the price is more reasonable.
3	I bought a localdines certificate after reading all the positive reviews, but in the end it wasn't as good as I was expecting.  There was nothing wrong with it, it just seemed like standard Mexican food.  If you tell them it's your first time there, they do bring you a complimentary green chili tamale appetizer, which was yummy.  I also liked the mix of corn and flour tortilla chips that come with the salsa (complimentary).  I had the spinach enchiladas and they were good, but I've had equally good ones at Serrano's and Carlos O'Briens.  The BF had the steak street tacos, and he said they were good.  Service was good...no complaints.  If we were in the area, I might try it again, but considering we live in south Gilbert, it's kind of a hike for average Mexican fare.
5	The Tamales were absolutely amazing!! Love the atmosphere! Great for Happy Hour or just to hang out on the patio & have their yummy nachos!
4	Love this place - the corn & flour chips along with amazing salsa are worth coming back for. And I can't get enough of their lobster street tacos. It's really nice to sit out on the patio and enjoy a beautiful Arizona evening while enjoying great food!
4	While in town for Spring training, we stopped here for dinner and thought the food was wonderful.  As everyone else mentions the chips are a unique mixture of flour/corn tortillas with a little extra seasoning on some.  We also asked for a little spicier than normal salsa (not the inferno one!), and it was perfect with the chips and the dinner.My husband and I both got the Rockin Shrimp Enchiladas and they were the highlight of the meal!  They were really good and with the extra spicy salsa, they became excellent!The drinks were so-so.  I had the special tangerine margarita - which was okay, but then I got the Prickly Pear margarita and it was super sweet...too sweet for my liking.This place does seem to get busy - even on a Sunday night.  Unfortunately, it was too cool out to sit outside, but the patio looked nice.We topped the meal off with their chocolate chip cookie and ice cream in a cast iron skillet.  This, too, was great!If we're in the area again, we would definitely stop for for the food.
4	Lobster Street Tacos were awesome! Nice portion size for the meal.I also enjoyed the twist on the chips and salsa, the basket had several different types of chips in it, which was a nice feature.
5	I hosted a birthday party for my 80 year old mom today and we had 45 people.  It is hard to find a place that will host a group of this size and be personable.  The manager(Becky) and the staff were truly incredible.  The environment food and service was exceptional.  I go there with friends often for lunch and this evening was so awesome for me,  my family and guests.  Oh and the food is awesome!!
4	I went here with some girlfriends last weekend and everything was great! We had great service and the food was amazing. Cocktails and drinks were tasty and if you go one must try the Black Cherry Sangria! Their staff was helpful and friendly and very patient as we took almost 2 hours to order!The only complaints are that parking is a disaster and they are only open until 10p on the weekends which is very inconvenient.
1	This restaurant is so close to home I thought I'd give it another chance. Had not been there in years. Now I remember why. The service was surly. My husband said something to the manager and now we both have stomach cramps. I wonder if he did something to our food? The pina colada was watered down and tasted bitter. The fish tacos were OK, but the roasted corn that came with it was odd. I don't think I'll be going back any time soon.
4	This is my family's go-to spot for mexican food. We consistently receive top-notch service and great quality food.  I love their homemade chips and salsa, especially the flour chips! The green corn tamales are fantastic, and most portions are big enough to share. Yes, it is pricey, but not exorbitant for the area. We always sit in the bar area to take advantage of the happy hour specials. We typically avoid the main dining room, because the bar area includes plenty of seating options: booths, low-tables, and high-tables. There's also an extensive outdoor patio.Happy hour runs M-F from 3:30-6:30. Half off all appetizers and few dollars off margaritas. Check the chalkboard in the bar for all the specials. I typically just go with a Cuervo or Don Julio margarita, but they also have some usual picks such as a prickly pear margarita and a mojito-rita!They offer a lunch menu (even during weekends), which includes a two item combo for $8 and three item for $11. Also look out for game day specials on Sundays during football season. Overall, a great neighborhood restaurant and happy hour spot!
5	This is now my favorite Mexican food eatery!  Wow....Love it.  The service last night was impeccable, and the food to die for.  I had the spinach enchalida's and hubby had the chili relano.  Yummy on both with some very cold beers.  It doesn't get better than this.Looks like they have a great happy hour as well, that we plan on frequenting. Highly recommend this great place!!
4	This was our first visit and although it was busy we were seating quickly since we chose to eat outside.  The misters and fans made it comfortable.  The server was attentive and quick to return to check on us and take our order.  We enjoyed the sweet tamale appetizer, chicken fundido, steak and lobster tacos.  I can't say the lobster taco were the best thing I've ever eaten, but it was ok. The rice was a little too dry.  We loved our cookie sundaie and fried ice cream dessert.  We'll be back!
4	Cassie was one of the best servers ever.   The food arrived quickly and was soo tasty.   I shared the green corm tamales (a tad thick but huge and yummy) and the black and blue salad (fantastic steak salad).    Margaritas were good especially the house for only $6.00.   We are visiting this area but would go back again and again if we were locals just to try more of their dishes!
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in North Scottsdale. Love their shredded beef burro enchilada style with red sauce.
4	I'm a picky eater and and thought the steak fundido was great.  Order a Boss margarita with this and you are guaranteed to enjoy your experience.  I would have given them 5 stars but the wait was frustrating.  We were told 20 minutes which really ended up being almost an hour.One of their bartenders was our waiter and he did a great job turning our frowns upside down.
1	I spent $34.00 for pick up..two lunches. I paid extra for a dinner size of rice & beans. What I got were portions for an infant. This is not the first time, but is the last. The food is not bad but was cold..like really cold. No plates, forks or napkins and every thing is wrapped in tin so I couldn't microwave. Plate would help. Im not going here anymore. Very $$$$$
1	So disappointed... Went for Taco Tue. The food was very bland no flavor at all, even the salsa had no flavor or spice, I love most any Mexican food so was hoping for a good place near home... I ll keep looking, nice setting don't think I could stomach the food again though :(
5	AMAZING! We tried this restaurant because of a Groupon and will keep coming back because of the amazing food. The chili relleno was the best I have ever had and I lived in New Mexico for a year and never found one that came close to this place! Warm monterey jack cheese oozed from my chili with shrip and just a light batter. The fundido dish was very good as well. Just a kick of jalapeno and lots of cream cheese. The atmosphere was great. Service was fantastic. Several people checked on our table to make sure we were good. The complimentary chips and salsa were yummy, they don't just put regular chips, there were a different variety that were more like a crisp and they were yummy! They also gave us a card for $5 off our next visit which will be soon! This was probably the best mexican food I have had ever!
5	Can I give them 6 stars!!! This was far from my home but well worth the drive. Right now they are having specials for the hatch chili festival and the chili relleno stuffed with shrimp was soooo yummy that I am going back this weekend for more. The ice tea has a subtle mango flavor which was a nice touch. The salsa, I am still trying to figure out what the spice is that is in it. It is great. Just the right amount of spicy and chunky and flavor. Service was great, fast, friendly. Atmosphere is great as well. Everything looked very clean. They have a "family" restroom and I have a daughter who uses a wheelchair so I was impressed that they have the extra bathroom which is always much easier and more convienent when you use a wheelchair.
5	Love, love, love this place! The food was amazing, the service was very good,  and the chips and salsa are soooo good! We were also given a complimentary sweet corn tamale which were surprisingly delicious. We didn't have any margaritas but the iced tea was passion fruit-my favorite! For lunch I had the chicken tacos and my husdand had the chicken enchiladas. They were both very good, portion size was perfect, and we will definitely be going back!
3	I like the complex this restaurant is located in which makes for good outdoor patio seating, weather permitting. I cant review the entrees as I went for a happy hour in a large group so tried only a couple of finger foods. The guac was good and salsa flavorful. However, no way was the spice level  anywhere close to what the restaurant name suggests, a relief for the faint of heart , might be disappointing for those looking for the kick.
5	Very experienced owners who definitely know what they are doing! The best part bout this place: They seriously give a crap about their customers, unlike a lot of local chains. They will always do their best to accommodate you - whether it be for food allergies/intolerances/special diets, or reservations. The menu offers a ton of variety. A little secret: The owner loves good quality beef, hence, the burger and the carne/steak are AWESOME. Something good for folks who may not be int he mood for traditional mexican food, but are going with a group.
5	After experiencing Jalapenos, you'll have a hard time going to any other Mexican restaurant!  Best food, salsa, drinks and service. The recipes are developed by the incredible owners who have decades of experience. They know how to treat customers and train their staff with the best service ethic possible. Our favs are the spinach enchiladas, tomatillo chicken enchiladas, and just about everything else!
5	There are some decent Mexican joints in Phoenix, but the best and most obvious are the $hitholes down in Central Phoenix where you might get botulism with your burrito.  We have been here for over 20 years and have traveled to Los Dos Molinos and everywhere everyone tells us to go, but after all of them we come back to Jalapeno Inferno.  Don't let the name fool you.  It has great food, a great vibe the kids love it and it is located on the NE corner of Pinnacle Peak in Scottsdale (Just north of where RawHide used to be).   Every time an out of town visitor asks for great Mexican food, we also recommend this place.
2	Maybe I just don't prefer my Mexican food deep fried and smothered in yellow cheese, but I was pretty disappointed in Jalapeno Inferno. I had a Google Offer, so we ordered a few house margaritas, the appetizer sampler, and the hatch chili pork enchiladas. The appetizer sampler looked like it guaranteed gastrointestinal issues, but we dug in anyways. There was just a dollop of guacamole that did not appear to be freshly made. The bean dip and quesadilla were both bland. The cheese dip was tasty, but it was the smallest item on the plate. The rest of it I believe were mini tamales, burros, and fundidos, but they all looked and tasted basically the same. To put it succinctly, all of it lacked pizzazz. If this represented the best of their appetizer menu, then I would not recommend any of the appetizers.The hatch green chili enchiladas, on the other hand, were pretty tasty. Good, spicy sauce and succulent shredded pork. I pulled all the melted cheese off (which came off in one perfectly congealed brick) my enchilada, and I think that made me better appreciate the sauce. The rice and beans that went with the enchilada were fine.The house margaritas were predominantly mix, so they were entirely run of the mill.We sat on the patio, which was nice, except for the occasional wafting of cigarette smoke. I'm from Ohio. There you can't smoke in restaurants period, not even on their patios. I miss that.Speaking of Ohio, the Mexican food at Jalapeno Inferno was basically like the Mexican food at average joints in the Midwest: average and appealing to those with palates that crave the fried, bland, and unnecessarily cheesy. The hatch green chili dishes (which I could never find in Toledo, Ohio) were this place's saving grace.All in all, not worth the drive to North-North Scottsdale.
5	Wow! Great food and atmosphere! Had the spinach enchiladas with chicken! Soo good! Everything tasted very fresh and authentic. Have eaten here 2 times in 2 weeks and will defiantly return!
4	Thanks to Groupon we found this place.  It's a nice Mexican joint in North Scottsdale.  Tucked away in the corner of the shopping center, there's no way I could've found it on my own.After browsing the menu, I ordered:Queso Crisp, $5Monster Nachos, $10The Queso Crisp was pretty good.  Kind of hard to screw up a Cheese Crisp, so I wasn't expecting anything less than good.  The Monster Nachos was very good.  I am a self-proclaimed Nacho-lover...and I'm a fan of their Nachos!The service was so/so on the night we went...they were packed, so it was understandable.  Overall, pretty good experience.**TIP** - the parking lot can get crazy packed on weekends, so park in the first spot you find.Return Factor - 95%
2	This was the second time we've been to Jalapeno Inferno and I am certain it will be the last.  We decided to hit up this joint again after forgetting we've been there once and subsequently bought a localdines coupon thinking we would try the place out.  After purchasing the coupon we both realized we'd been there before and weren't impressed the first time, but since we already bought it, we headed down for some dinner.  The restaurant was packed on this particular Sunday night, so we waited about 15 minutes to be seated.  We were seated in the bar area, which normally would be fine, but like I said it was pack and we were surrounded by people who were getting a drink waiting for their table.  It was so uncomfortably crowded I almost had a panic attack.  Thankfully a booth opened up near our hightop table and we quickly claimed it to get out of the crowd.  The staff was accommodating, but seemed super overwhelmed by the massive amount of people.The chips/salsa that were served before our meal were ok.  The salsa wasn't my style and the flour chips were good, but the plain ones (not sure why they mix the two) were so-so.  I ordered steak fajitas, which came out looking like chicken (a weird color) and the Hubs had enchiladas, which he seemed to like.Basically, my opinion is there are better mexican choices in town.  Jalapeno Inferno is OK, but I would rather go to GREAT than OK.  Just my two cents...
1	I used to go to Jalapenos many years ago before they had a fire.  My friend and I checked it out tonight and were pleasantly surprised.  The layout is completely different, the menu is much more extensive and expensive ( OK though).  Our waitress JJ was right on the ball with drinks and our food order.  I had the shrimp tacos and they were quite good.  My friend had the seafood enchilada and said it was very good also.  We have one complaint though, and it's a big one for us.  This was something we didn't notice until after we ordered and the food arrived.  The people behind us had a dog in the restaurant and it wasn't a service dog.  The dog was medium sized and in some kind of nylon carrier with screened sides, and an open unzipped top.  When we mentioned to our waitress that it's against the law she said "Oh, it's OK it's in a carrier".  That did it for us, we will never go back there again. Instead of 3 or 4 stars we give it a one because of the dog.
4	Best chips and salsa in Scottsdale. Fabulous nachos!Great margaritas- get 'The Boss"Smoky pork hatch quesadilla is amazingBlack and blue salad is wonderfulI personally do not like their chicken but I like shredded white meat cooked in a pressure cooker. They grill chicken great or do shredded chicken but not all white meat.Wishing they would add the delicious smoky pork as an option and not just for the Smoky hatch quesadilla.Staff is warm and friendly. A great place to take family and friends visiting Arizona.
5	Good food and good service.  Will definitely go back.
2	Not sure what the allure is with this place. Maybe because it's in Scottsdale?? We happened to be in the area on a Friday evening so decided to give Jalapeno Inferno a try. There was already a line forming so we took that as a good sign. A couple of seats opened up at the outside bar so we escaped putting our name on a list. The bartender was friendly, but perfunctory. We studied the menu while we waited for our drinks munched on chips. The salsa was very flavorful, and the chips were part corn- part flour. Maybe I'm just a purist, but really?? Chips made from flour tortillas? Ick! I guess that's how they utilize stale flour tortillas, and the snowbirds probably like 'em. I hate rummaging through the basket to get the corn tortilla chips!For the entrees we decided on the Tomatillo Chicken Enchiladas and Baja Fish Tacos. Both dishes were mediocre. The tacos were short on fish. The enchiladas had an after-hot, which I liked, but they really weren't anything to write home about.Glad we tried the place. I can't think of why we'd go back when there are so many really good Mexican restaurants in town.
3	Second trip was the same as the first, A-OKSkillet cheese - nice cheese with ground chorizo, greasy and delicious with lovely fresh and soft corn tortilla.Bean tostada, just as good as I've had anywhere and they really load up the toppings.Appetizer sampler offered a nice mix, had a truckload of food, tamale was delicious and everything else was good.Chips are fresh, include a mix of flour and corn, paired with a nice salsa.On the other hand....Chile relleno - flavorless, stringy, soggy, heavy batter - no good.Take out order staff - if I find them awake I might be able to judge but they never seem to be aware of what's going on (or that they are working).  As an owner, if I found out that my staff was saying "hello" when picking up their outside line - I'd be pretty furious.
5	Absolutely love this place. Great, authentic  Mexican food for a reasonable price. Plenty of menu options to choose from. Chips and salsa are divine!  I would come here just for those. Second time here and will definitely come again. :)
5	Awesome Mexican!!! Best I have had in Phx.
4	This place is so close to my home,  and before the twins, we used to be here at least once a week.  A couple of weeks ago, we had a moms night out.  We had a wonderful time.  Service was very prompt and attentive.  As soon as we got there, they set the basket full of chips and some salsa.  Those chips are dangerous.  Not only do they have the corn type, but also the flour one (yes, in all its fried goodness).  I have to really control myself and not eat the whole basket.  If you want a lighter choice, the Margarita Ceviche is a great option.  I ordered that one last time and it was fantastic.  I also had the top shelf margarita.  It was really good, my hubby likes "the boss", but that one is a little too strong for me.  Happy hour goes until 6:30 and the deal are awesome, 1/2 price appetizers and $5 margaritas.  I should come back more often.
1	I don't know what the attraction with this place is, The food was terrible it was low quality food. I order guacamole and it was over salted probably to disguise the fact that the avocados were bad  and the nachos where heavily deep fried with oil dripping of them. I ordered  a burrito and asked the waitress if it was really spicy she told me no, well that was the biggest lie I just think she wanted to see me in pain sicko. I can normal handle spicy but this was to much  i was sweating my nose was running and my mouth was on fire half way threw it I felt an overwhelming urge to throw my brains up had to run to the bathroom. After I ran out of there I went home and threw up some more and went to sleep the next morning I had really bad stomach pains and diarrhea for about 2 hrs lets just say I lost about 20 lbs, so if anyone is thinking about going here eat at your own risk. All these people saying its great I don't understand maybe its because they are drunk I don't drink so its all about the food with me and in my book failing miserably.
4	Loved the place!  GREAT homemade chips and salsa to start.  Server was fantastic and friendly.  Large portions and delicious food
5	Best mex in Scottsdale. Super cute and trendy. Best margs and salsa in town. Get the shrimp taco or Courtney's burrito!
3	Standard Mexican chain-food cuisine. Tasted fine, poor service
5	This place is a must if you ever find yourself in Scottsdale! Selection is amazing and drinks are prepared flawlessly. Personal favorite is the sampler platter (serve's two with no problem) and a Long Island ice tea. Now add in the patio, misters and a typical 115 degree summer day!!! Heaven has arrived!!!Now open a place in Denver, CO! We need a amazing Mexican restaurant.
4	Food is awesome, service is fast and friendly. The chips are awesome too.  Never had chips like these.  This is a great lunch spot but the dinner is fantastic too.  Atmosphere is cosy with the right mood lighting for evening.  Shrimp tacos were fantastic and we ordered a picture of margaritas.  Best margarita I had in a long time.
2	This place's food is GOOD . . . REALLY GOOD.  There is nothing that I have ordered there that I have not liked.  It is also convenient for us as it's about 2 miles from our home.HOWEVER, the service is NEVER GOOD.  I have eaten there with my husband 3 times.  The 1st time, we ate there kind of late.  We were among 3 or 4 tables of people left in the place.  The waitress seemed tired and didn't really seem to care that we were there.  She was far from friendly and the service was far from marvelous.  It took longer than I feel it should to get our food.The second time we ate there, we sat in the bar area.  The bartender/server was eventually friendly this time, but only by the point we were about to leave.  In the beginning she didn't seem to care much and was just kind of blah.  I think maybe she warmed up because they got my order wrong.  I don't like refried beans so I asked if I could have a double rice portion instead of rice and beans.  When I ordered, the server said that was fine, but my plate came with beans and rice anyway.  She did offer to take the whole thing back and fix it, but I was so hungry, I just kept the plate.  Again, it takes quite a while to get your food whether they are busy or not.The 3rd time we were there was last night (my husband, our baby, and a friend of mine).  They messed up my order AGAIN.  This time I had asked for tamales with no cheese over the top of them.  It came with cheese on the top.   This time, I was so frustrated, I didn't even bother to bring it up to the server and she didn't even notice it was wrong.  If she would have, with her attitude I doubt she would have genuinely cared anyway.  Again, it takes so long to get your food out at this restaurant when it's slow that I just sucked it up and ate it anyway as this was a Friday night and BUSY.  The server again was blah.  Not bad, but not friendly.In conclusion, this restaurant could greatly improve its Yelp reviews if they would make an effort to make people feel appreciated and welcome.  The staff needs a lesson in customer service and they need to get a good flow of positive energy going.  THEY ALSO NEED TO BE MORE CAREFUL ABOUT GETTING THEIR ORDERS CORRECT!!!  LIKE I SAID, I HAVE EATEN THERE 3 TIMES AND MY ORDER WAS WRONG TWICE.  To me, that is not acceptable.  I sincerely hope someone from management there reads this so that they can fix it because the atmosphere there as well as the food is good.  That's why I gave them 3 chances despite my past experiences.  Sorry, guys - 3 strikes - YOU'RE OUT!!!
4	My wife and I was told about this place from our hotel concierge. We checked it out for lunch last November and loved it. The sweet tamale appetizer is amazing! I had a spicy enchilada and it was really good. Crowds seemed high which was a good sign that it is popular. If we come back to visit AZ again we will go back
5	This is our favorite Mexican restaurant. Their chips and salsa are awesome! They have great fajitas, spinach enchiladas, chimis. We've never had a bad dish. Drinks are also great.
2	Just had lunch there today. Pretty much got in an out in an hour, which was a plus. Food was so-so, waitress was not GREAT but not bad. The flour chips are really good, but I don't care for the corn ones, and the basket is a mix. The salsa is good, but could use a little kick. I had a combo and got a beef enchilada and a beef soft taco. Didn't care for the enchilada but the taco wasn't bad. Did not care for the beans but the rice was actually pretty good. My boyfriend got the chicken tacos and they were really good with an avocado cilantro dressing. Overall, Eh, but I had a groupon so I wasn't disappointed.
4	Took my family to dinner last night and everything was very, very good. I had the Special Red White and Blue Margarita and it was great too. The Hatch Chilis are nice, the 2 kinds of chips are great and you can ask for the Spicy Salsa too! I used my new Free Shopping / Restaurant App called VEEBOW and got $5.00 Off!!  It's always busy here which says a lot!
2	Waitress was great.  Taco was good.  Not so good enchilada, burrito, beans.Sick most of the night.
5	It doesn't get much better than jalapeno Inferno! Carla, our server, was outstanding. The service was top notch, even better than you would expect honestly. The food is wonderful. Be sure to get the First Time Tamale if it's your first visit! I will definitely be making the 35 min drive to come back here, it is worth every penny!
2	We have eaten here hundreds of times over the past 15ish years. This place has gone down hill fast. The owners opened up a new place down the street and are now nowhere to be seen. The food quality has suffered along with the service. I miss the old Jalapeno's, please bring back the quality!
5	Great chips and salsa.  Can't say enough about the margarita's.  We had the Friday special - steak fundido's which were awsome.
5	Bought a Groupon for this place and used it on a Saturday afternoon after hiking.  The food was amazing and the waitress was super awesome.  They served us complimentary tamales because it was our first time eating there!  I've been back a couple of times since and intend to keep doing so!
4	Tasty! The chips and salsa should get 5 stars. The other food was pretty good too and service was great. Try the queso!
4	I have eaten at Jalapeno Inferno Bistro Mexicano, or Jalapeno's as "we" call it, many times and I have to say that they have never disappointed.  My personal faves are (not necessarily in this order) their mango margarita, flour chips--be sure to try those!, awesome guacamole and salsa -I'm into the hot & spicy so for me the hotter the better & if you're like me don't expect their "hot" to be "hot".  When it is Hatch chile season, be sure to try the Stuffed Hatch Chile, it is to die for!  Again, even though it has the little symbol for "hot/spicy" next to it, it isn't.  Just realize that this is coming from someone who uses ghost pepper salsa on darned near everything...  Nice ambiance, friendly staff and they are very accommodating with my special dietary requests, which can lead to waitperson eye-rolls but never here.  You've got to try the flour chips, they're the bomb!
4	Good food, good service and good atmosphere...  Just tastes like American-Mexican food, so couldn't give a 5th star.
2	Have gone here several times and always had a good experience however this time was a disaster. Cold soup sent back and still not hot the second time. One person in our party asked for mustard for his burger, did not have any which was weird because he also had eaten here before and they always had Mustard. French fries were ice cold and so they gave him another order half the size. My lobster tacos were great but my husband said his chicken tacos were fair. My friend had a fajita salad and almost choked on something hard which we figured was an onion skin. All in all it was not good. Oh and we had to wait 20 minutes for a table.
1	This place has gone way down hill from the last time I ate here. I came here with my mom about 2 months ago for dinner at around 5:30ish. It was pretty busy but not over ally crowded. We got seated right away which was nice but had to wait about 5 minutes before our waiter came to our table. After getting our drinks and ordering our food we had to wait a good 30 minutes before our food came out. I ordered the 'chicken tacos al carbon' and immediately my order was wrong. I asked for corn tortillas and got flour. I also asked for a side of guacamole but got sour cream instead? Okay I like sour cream but would like what I ordered. I had to wait another 5 minutes for someone to come by so I could tell them the 2 things they messed up and then had to wait another 10 minutes just for my food to me corrected! My mom's food came out cold and after mine came out the correct way it was cold. Needless to say we ate dinner at home because the food was not worth eating. The only good thing was the drinks and chips and salsa. The manager didn't even come over to say anything about what happened and we still had to pay the bill for full price which was WAY overpriced. This place used to be so good but has gone downhill fast. I won't be coming back here probably for a while unless they change up the way their service is.
4	Something has changed for the better....Up until a few weeks ago I was still feeling three stars about Jalapeno Inferno.  We've been here or picked up take out on and off since my last review and it was always ok.  Last month we decided to go one night for dinner - they do have a nice atmosphere and good service. We ordered the skillet cheese (no chorizo this time), appetizer sampler platter and the tamales...everything I tried was really delicious.  The tamales are out of this world and the skillet cheese was nice and spicy.  Since that night, I've been back a few times including two lunches and it has been equally good.  I don't know what's changed but Jalapeno Inferno has moved ahead of a couple of my regular Mexican restaurant go-to spots.
2	I have lived in this area for 9 1/2 years and only been to Jalapeno Inferno once. All I ordered was a chicken quesadilla, and they couldn't manage to serve it hot enough even in this sweltering heat. I kept sending it back TWICE!...it came back sun burnt...and the waitress wasn't all that nice about it...thinking I was the problem. Well,  I gave you one chance...you messed up...I don't feel compelled to return as I really don't have to have your food. Don't believe the hype!
1	We have been several times. Service has been good, food is ok for quick Mexican.Tonight, we started out ok until the flys took over. Seriously, pick up your  drink and brush the fly off, pick up you taco and a fly is on it. We spent the time we were there waving our hands around. When I told the manager, she said, yes, we know. " They keep coming in when the doors open and close. " Last time I checked, all restaurants have doors. The glass door by our table was covered with flys.Gross, will not be back, especially after that lame response.
4	Based on dining here for the first time and having lunch, this place earned a 4-star rating. My date had chicken fajitas and I had a cobb salad - both verv good. The margaritas were excellent. They were half-price, but I would have paid full price.We shall return for more.
5	This is an awesome place for Mexican food.  Great service, atmosphere, and the food  was outstanding! I would recommend this restaurant!    I have been  in Scottsdale 6 months and have eaten here 7-8 times!   Always delighted to take friends or family members to this great restaurant! :-)
3	Not super cheap...Parking lot sucks...Never had anything bad there but portion wise...I guess I have expected more at times for the menu price.Tasty food and quick, friendly and attentive service...always good if you want a quick but tasty meal.Lobster tacos...Golden.
4	Great restaurant, great food and service.  Always treated extremely well, good suggestions on menu items.  Close by favorite.for me.  And, they have great specials during the summer to get you in there on the weekend....have to love that part. I have never had a bad meal there, the service has been great and if you ask the server for a recommendation, you get some good ones!
4	Dunno why people are saying what they are, this place is good. Server was kind, brought us a free sampler since it was our first time. Worth getting again. The spinach and almond enchilada was killer. I'd def get that again. The nachos and fajitas looked awesome too, tho I didn't try em.
5	Veggie medley fajita. Homemade flour chips. Cheat meal!!!
5	This was our first time to this place and we could not be more impressed! Our server Dyllan was a rock star making sure our experience was perfect. We tried the green chili tamale to start with our prickly pear and Acapulco margaritas. The prickly pear was a bit sweet for my taste but my husband LOVED it! I had a combo chili relleno and red chili beef soft taco EXCELLENT. Husband had the burrito enchilada style - also really great. Dyllan came over to offer spicier salsa and make sure everything was wonderful. We were pleasantly taken back  and will certainly be visiting again.
4	This is a great Mexican Restaurant. The flour nachos and salsa is excellent, they have great signature dishes, and the service and atmosphere is very good. Prices are a touch on the high side, but the food is genuinely good so I don't mind paying for quality.
5	Corn Tamales are the best. Plus their flour chips and salsa are so addicting. My husband and I love going here for Mother's Day brunches, date nights and with our family. It sounds spicy by the name but it's delicious. Definitely check it out. They also have deals for Groupon to check out.
4	Thought we would give it another try and I'm glad we did. The food was much improved and the service was light years better than our last visit. Ice cold Pacifico..... Si!Hot tasty fajitas...... FoShizzle!Yummy street taco's ..... Check!Fresh guac.......... Yup!Nice, friendly waitress...... She absolutely was!
5	We love this place. Three words; flavor flavor flavor. We just left and we are more than satisfied and miserably full, and all we had was chips and salsa and shared two appetizers?The place was packed when we got there but even still we quickly got a great table.Even though they are under construction we still received our drinks and food well prepared and in short order.The owner Terry came by each table and checked on the service and said hello to everyone. The entire staff from the hostess the wait staff(our waitress was Taylor) the bartenders to the busboys were exceptionally attentive and professional.When you go you have to try the Smoked Pork Hatch Chili Quesadilla.
4	Love the bar for a casual dinner. The chips include flour and corn tortillas, yum. Salsa is garlicky but good, most menu items are tasty and some are even a little imaginative for a Mexican restaurant. Best of all, the servers are always super sweet. One of our favorites for sure.
4	Best chips and salsa in the valley. Food is consistent service is not but overall one of my go to spots for good Mexican food.
3	Food is great. Green chilis are delicious. Staff is hit or miss. Some are better than others.
4	It was a perfect day to have lunch on the patio.  My server was super friendly and I enjoyed my combo plate with a chicken encilada and the corn tamale.
4	Love this place - the chips are great and service is always good!
5	Great crunchy, homemade chips and salsa for starters! The green mole enchiladas with corn-WOW. To die for! This was my first time but the great, attentive service and tasty food was wonderful! Can't wait to go back and try some more their really tasty, fresh food!
5	This is a big restaurant, way bigger than it even looks from the outside.  We sat outside and watched the sunset which just adds to the surrounding ambiance.  I saw some reviews below mention the chips and salsa, but omg don't get me started on how good it was!  I mean we were like vultures attacking prey and had to ask for like 4 refills of the free chips and salsa.  I actually can't do too much spice so seeing the dishes were not really spicy suited my tastebuds.  The chicken fajitas were good, comes with rice, beans, guac, sour cream, cheese and tortillas.  My family liked their dishes as well and commented on the shredded chicken being really tasty.  We will def be coming back here in the future.  One mention is that they do offer a coupon on their website for $5 off...so go look!
5	Awesome! Sat in the new bar and was very pleased. Great place to watch sports and hang out with friends. The new bar is much bigger and there are a lot more TVs. Ordered the New Mexico enchiladas and they were delicious. I'll definitely be back for happy hour.
4	Great local favorite bar! Just like home- great feel. Good to watch game or just stop in and relax. Great tamales, upside down tacos and margaritas. Good happy hour- go and enjoy yourself
3	I was visiting family for the Thanksgiving holiday and my aunt and uncle wanted to take us out to their favorite Mexican restaurant, Jalapeno Inferno. The restaurant is very clean and on a Friday night, very busy! But that just means it's popular, which is a good sign. However, I expected better service. Our waitress didn't bring my uncle's 2nd beer; maybe she was new, but luckily we weren't charged for it. All the food tasted great, except my aunt received chicken instead of beef, and my cousin found an inedible object in her food.The manager promptly came by and apologized and comped the plate and gave us a free fried ice cream.I'm not going to dock this place too much because the food and drinks were tasty. Unfortunate things happen on occasion, but if I ever come back and service lacks again I doubt I'd go a third time.
3	went for the first time and had an amazing experience! great food, great drinks, and great service, her name was kim! I was bragging about how awesome this place was so I took a friend and had a completely different experience. the bartender was RUDE. she acted as if it was an annoyance to have customers at her bar. I tried to order food but could not get her attention to get a menu. I sat there for about 20 minutes with my empty margarita, thinking she would ask if I wanted another one but she never did, so I took my business elsewhere. very disappointing.
2	Nice remodel but something happened to the service.... Forgot my lunch , husbands lunch cold and never asked for refills of chips, salsa or drinks! What's up guys??? Hopefully it's not starting a trend for this restaurant
4	I was surprised. I couldn't get into a nearby restaurant, it was Christmas Eve, crowded in other places so I came in with the family. The food was surprisingly good, our server was excellent everyone was great. Try the Inferno burrito - very very hot! Yum.
4	This place is awesome! I saw it on google maps as my husband and I were driving by and I knew as soon as I sad the name that I wanted to try it out while in the area.Our server was very friendly and helpful, which automatically earns two stars in my book. The chips and salsa were fantastic! The basket of chips was a combination of corn tortilla chips and flour tortilla chips. We both filled up on those evil calories before our meals arrived.I read a lot about the tamales and our server raved about the spinach enchiladas so I ordered a combo with the two. The tamale was ok, but to be fair I've never really been I to them. The spinach enchilada, however, was the best I've ever eaten, and as a vegetarian I've had a lot. The sauce was yummy, the creamy spinach filling was incredible and the sliced almonds on the top  made the whole thing even better. The husband ordered the Nuevo Mexico enchiladas and they were, in his words, "hotter than the blazes of hell". Good, but we had to stop at the Safeway next door for Tums.
4	We continue to frequent on a regular basis and love the place They have recently remodeled & expanded. The only drawback is every time we are in the bar area there are numerous families with small children. Seems they should be seated in the restaurant & leave the bar area for adults.
4	This restaurant is great! My husband and I were visiting Scottsdale for a few days and it was suggested by locals we check out this place. Everything we ordered was awesome. We were given a complimentary tamale for being first timers and wow, it was amazing.  The fajitas and enchiladas were delicious entrees as well. Highly recommend!
4	This place has been a staple in my life for 22 years now! It's had two owners during that time but the food has always been consistently good. The black cherry frozen sangria is off the chain! I'm a huge fan of the black and bleu salad and the pollo fundido...just yum
2	Stopped by for an early lunch today at 11:15. Nobody at the hostess station and it was several minutes before anyone acknowledged we were there. Our server didn't indicate there were any lunch specials nor ask if we had any questions. Once our order was placed the food arrived quite quickly which would have been fine had the food been prepared fresh. My wife ordered enchiladas which were barely warm in the middle so they obviously were pre-made and reheated. My machaca burro was fine. Ice tea was never refilled and, we weren't asked if we wanted dessert. I don't know if it was an off day for them but I'll probably not find out since one bad experience is all I'm willing to invest.
2	What did you do to the bar area? You took away the authenticity and intimacy of this once great place. You blew it!
4	Love the chips, salsa and guacamole. Have never been disappointed with anything we've ordered. Favorite Mexican restaurant in the area!
5	Moved from one side of town to the other and was looking for a good Mexican food place to replace our old one.........  Stopped for lunch one day and are hooked. Have been back many times and taken several groups there for lunch and dinner. Inside and outside seating. Great Summer weekend and seasonal specials too.  Try one of their skillets and great for seafood.
4	Yet another great experience at Jalapeno Inferno today. Came in around 4:30, right before the Sunday dinner rush. Service was great, our waitress was friendly and attentive. We were promptly served delicious flour tortilla chips which are dangerously good. Tonight I ordered the blood orange margarita which was tart and delicious.I had a sampler platter tonight which included a corn tamale, mini fundido's, a green chile quesadilla and queso w/ spinach. Everything was absolutely delicious. I ate way too much because it was oh so good! My fiance had the queso skillet chicken which was amazing as usual. The ambiance is also really nice here and it was a beautiful day to have the patio open with a nice breeze.Overall I am very impressed with Jalapeno Inferno. I will be back to try more!(Going to try the lobster taco's on the next visit)
1	The service is never good but this time we waited 20 minutes for a drink order and 1 1/2 hours for our food.  Chili Rellenos burnt, Torilla Soup a pasty mush and the tacos had no flavor.  The owner was rude and when we asked when we would get our food she said "That they are very busy and we would just have to wait"!!  If the owner says that there is no one else to go to for help.  It was a terrible evening.  I am a local and know all the restaurants in the area.  Try somewhere else!
5	Thank you so much,I have always loved eating here
5	Finally made it in time for Happy Hour! Got 3 'appetizers' for the 2 of us and could NOT finish!! A lot of really good food at very reasonable prices. Good variety on Happy Hour too. Drinks were good pours and could get house or premium. ALSO, it was mentioned to us by Vinnie that they now do reverse Happy Hour 8-10 PM 7 nights a week!
5	1st time at this gem, but certainly not the last....had dinner and drinks and the food was very tasty, lots of it and most reasonably priced. Server Ally was exceptional and when she found out it was our first time, brought us a tamale dish to sample. Very nice touch. She also told one of the owners Laura that it was our first time and she stopped by our table and introduced herself. We will return!
2	We were visiting family in AZ and it seems that this is everybody's favorite meeting spot for dinner and drinks in the area. Sure enough, the place looks super busy, with friendly service and a solicitous hostess. We sat on the patio and admired the world going by, had good conversation going and ordered some drinks. The margarita special was served in tall water glasses, filled to the brim with ice and very light on the tequila - at least to my East Coast palate (I've had drinks in TX, CA and Mexico that put everything else to shame, so...). Chips and salsa appeared quickly and they are nothing special, but okay. Now to the food. It is in one word terrible! This is not Southwestern Mex, Tex or any kind of Mex, it is just awful! The Shrimp Tequila Ceviche had canned Thai mini-shrimp in it, and was watered down a lot. I had no time to finish it since the main dishes came out practically 2 minutes later. On the advice of several family members I ordered the Chile Rellenos and another of us visitors ordered one of Kelli's combos, I think it had the green corn something or other. Okay, those chiles were flat, flat, flat, were swimming in grease, had a thick blanket of cheese on them and had probably spent some time in the microwave and under the lamps. The refried beans looked like they had been diluted with water and whizzed in a blender and the rice was close to inedible. The green corn tamales were nothing to write home about. Only the steak fajitas were somewhat palatable. Our local family appeared to be faithful patrons, so we kept mum, but I doubt that this restaurant would warrant a return visit unless they get their act together in terms of expediting the food properly, not watering down drinks and definitely in the food quality sector.
2	The menu is okay but the food is VERY SALTY. I'm not that sensitive to salt but this food was almost inedible. The service was very slow and I had to contantly flag down a waitress for more ice tea (remember, I was eating a salt mine!). When it came time to get the check, yep, you guessed it. I had to get up and look for the waitress to ask for my check. The atmosphere was casual and decent but the salty food and poor service will keep me from returning.
4	Nothing goes better with Mexican food than margaritas. And luckily at Jalapeno's they have a trio sampler so you get choose and enjoy three drinks for $10! Both my girlfriend and I love seafood food, so it worked out that I got the lobster tacos (sweet lobster meat with cilantro, onion and cheese) which came with a big serving of rice and beans and my gf got the tequila lime shrimp tacos so we could trade off.Both meals came out quickly, and the plates were massive! We gorged on the delish tacos which went great with our margaritas! Our waitress was great, and she joked how they had a wheelbarrow out back to carry us out. Not gonna lie, I almost took her up on the offer - we were stuffed!  This place is awesome, I can't wait to come back here when I'm in Scottsdale again.
5	Perfect place for ceviche. I'm a snob & I love theirs. Chips & salsa are of course addicting. Mini fundidos are off the chart & the pot roast tacos are always a fav. And with Cinco de Mayo coming up you can bet they will have a full house. I would suggest a reservation.
3	Very slow service and there was not many people in the servers section. Food was excellent and appropriate for price. Half price margarita was awesome and they do not skimp on the alcohol. It would have been more enjoyable if the server said more than 2 words to me, and if the service wasn't so slow.
4	Yum! Great food, reasonable prices and very generous drinks. I've been here twice so far, and I WILL be back!!
5	WOW! Second time was even better than the first. I had an appetizer and my wife had an entree. Both were excellent. What really made this trip special was our server JJ (Jordan). She was outstanding in every way. Awesome smile and attitude and we really liked her drink suggestions. Bottom line is this place rocks and we will return again and again. Props to the owners, management and employees!
4	Great Mexican Food in the north Scottsdale Area!  Love the Black and Blue salad!
3	My friend and I were looking for a new Mex place and decided to give this one a try. We both had enchilada dishes. She had green sauce and I had the red. The food was pretty good. I wouldn't drive across town to eat here but it was decent. The service was good and atmosphere was pleasant.
3	Food is always good but prices keep going up.  Not good enough for the prices they are asking.Nice patio.
5	We love this place.  The best Mexican or TexMex we have found in the NE Valley.  Our absolute favorite is Courtney's Inferno burritto - it has just the right amount of spice and flavor.  So yummy!!  We love it so much, we have a really hard time ordering anything else.  But when we have branched out, its always been fantastic too.  Also love the Prickly Pear margarita (and I'm not really a tequila fan).  They have a great patio and did a great job with the remodel of the bar area too, which now opens to the patio.  Check it out!!!
4	Best happy hour around. Very good food fair prices. Good service. Recommend chicken quesadilla.
4	Great little place - would be amazing in the cooler weather of fall / winter with the outdoor patios. For the vegan crowd they offer a veggie fajitas. I didn't bother to ask if there was dairy, but it didn't taste like it, but was very tasty - if only lacking a bit of seasoning on the veggies - but I would rather that than too much salt. The service was good. The manager checked up on our large party and we had a good experience. If you're in north scottsdale and want Mexican it's worth a try.
5	All you can eat tacos for 10$ on Tuesday! Amazing quality and flavor! I'll be there every Tuesday!
4	Went here for dinner last night. Sat at the bar and got a avion margarita that was on special, tasted really good after a long day in the sun! Ordered off the 3 combo selection section, food was so good I took the leftovers home. Finished off the night with a chocolate tequila shot for desert, WOW! So smooth and refreshing. Would recommend this place to anyone that wants a quick bite and a good margarita!
2	Less than impressed, again.  Mexican food is not that complicated, and they continue to  bring dishes with  bland flavor profiles.  I had the green chile pork burritos, the meat was dry and grainey in texture,  as if had been cooked this AM and sat in a warming tray all day,  then rolled in a tortilla and covered in Verde sauce.  It was recommended by our waitress as one of there better dishes.   The mgr passed by our table 10 times and never greeted use, nor did I see him greet any tables all night.  They seem to be on cruise control, which is a very dangerous attitude for a restaurant or anyone in the hospitality business.  I doubt I'll be back.
1	Went there for the fourth time last week. First, a little about my visit history. 1st visit: went with a friend. It was her suggestion. She and her sister love the restaurant and I agreed to go. The food was tasty but the margarita was not worth the money. My MIL makes much better margaritas at home. 2nd visit: went with same friend when she came into town again. Food was okay. 3rd visit: when my dad came into town for a visit, we wanted to take him to a Mexican restaurant. This was by far the worst of the four visits. In fact, it was so horrible I attempted to contact the owner quite a few times. Finally, she contacted me back and made a bunch of excuses for why should didn't call back. She said she would send us a gift certificate to treat us for the horrible experience. Lie. Here was our experience that time: the server was extremely rude, especially to our kids who were seated and not being loud or crazy. She seemed less than interested in us and rarely came to check on us. After eating the hot salsa I asked for a refill because I was in desperate need, and she gave me an attitude. The grossest part was that she was wearing a tank top and sweating. My husband took big issue with this, but I was more concerned about the food and service. The kids' burritos were DRY DRY DRY and looked like they were microwaved to death. When we asked the server a question about an item she ignored us, refilled my drink finally, and quickly left. I promise you that at no point were we rude to her - I'm too afraid of spit in my food to do that at any restaurant ;)4th visit (and final): we took my dad for a redo. A different server took care of us and she was VERY nice. It was the final straw when our meals came out literally five minutes after we ordered. I'm not saying I don't appreciate the quick service, but it was telling that the plates were piping hot, as well. I'd rather not pay $13 for a microwaved chimichanga. Also, my daughter got a burrito that again was dry (I wish I would have made her order something different) and my son got a taco that looked like it had been sitting out for hours - he ate maybe two bites. I know everyone seems to love this place, but I'd rather go somewhere where the food is freshly made and not microwaved beyond an inch of its life.
5	They are consistent and delicious. Definitely ask for the hot salsa, much better than the house salsa. Best Mexican north of the 101 and south of Cave Creek highway.
4	I LOVE their chips... 1/2 flour, 1/2 corn in a basket. I've always had very good meals but can be a little inconsistent- however, in many, many visits it's never been bad. And most of the year, the setting on the patio would compensate for any missteps.This weekend we were there on a Saturday and had an incredible summer special!! $15 for a sampler platter and a flight of Margs! We often share the sampler app (usually $13) anyhow so to get the three little Margs for $2 was crazy! The black cherry sangria is delicious!! Although,  I've grown more in love with the sangria-Rita!!
2	My fiance and I made a tradition to come here every Friday night. The service was great, chips and salsa were to die for, but my fiance found a long hair in his food. As much as I miss and love this place, I will never coming here again.
5	This is everything a Mexican restaurant should be!! Awesome chips and salsa (too good) and clean, fast, friendly place. All the entrees are awesome. The hatch green chilis are super spicy and good. Highly recommended the Grande Burrito with red chile beef, the Hatch Green Chile Enchiladas and the Hatch Cheese Skillet appetizer!
1	I have lived for 15+ years in the Pinnacle Peak neighborhood and considered this a very good Mexican restaurant.  I moved up to near Carefree about a year ago and decided to revisit the restaurant tonight.This was a very bad experience.  I even questioned if the management had changed because I could not consider this the same restaurant.The restaurant has been remodeled, I can only assume to get more hi-tops in the bar space but the atmosphere has been totally destroyed.There were three of us at the table, two ordered fajitas and I had a "Chimichanga".The chicken fajitas were totally dry, no seasoning on the undercook vegetables,  totally unacceptable.  My Chimi had never seen a fat frier to give the intended crispy covering. It was a soggy mushy presentation.While I have enjoyed this restaurant for years, tonight's visit was the end.  I and party will never return.I need a no star option on the rating list.  Stay away.
4	Have been coming here since I moved here 10 years ago! Jalapenos is a good go-to Mexican restaurant for me. Probably mostly because I live so close to it, but also because the food is pretty dang good as well.In my years coming here I have never had any bad service experiences, it has always been good. The chips and salsa are the best thing Jalapenos has to offer, for sure. Those flour chips?! Incredible. The corn ones are good too. The flour ones win by far though, the texture of them is great.I typically order either the Sonoran Grilled Quesadilla or the Vegetable Fajitas. They are both pretty good. This place has a big menu too, lots of options. Also I have been of legal drinking age for over two years now, and I have yet to go to a happy hour here? that has got to change!The whole ambiance of the place is nice. I will keep on coming back!
3	This restaurant has been open for quite some time now and going back after not liking the taste of the food the first time, my opinions are the same. This place does have some terrific plates but for me the taste is a too bland compared to other restaurants that I have been to in the valley.
5	Hubby and I love this place. Food and service are always good. Looking forward to trying their new location in DC Ranch. I think it opens Fall 2014.
3	There is nothing special here.  The atmosphere is fine but it really is just the typical American version of Mexican food without any flare.  I'm even struggling trying to figure out what to write.  My enchilada was goopy as were the beans and rice.  The chips and salsa were good but again not special.  Therefore, come here for an average, boring Mexican dinner but don't expect anything unique, special or particularly tasty.
5	Love, love this restaurant.  Every time I come here the food and service is outstanding. Chips and salsa, guacamole, margaritas and the green corn tamales are a must!  Fajita salad, delicious, as is everything I have ever ordered.  Come here, you won't be disappointed.
4	We have been going here for over 10 years. It is dependable for great food and good service. The margaritas are fantastic and we have had just about everything on the menu with no disappointments.  Love the flour chips and salsa. Green corn tamales are a treat!
2	The past three times I have been here I have gotten sick!  Talked to another person the other day that had also been sick the next day after eating here.  Won't be going back.  Not worth getting sick over!
4	stopped in here with rents as it has became a staple for them. Very good food they have flour and corn chips personally my favorite Is the flour chips. Also got a chicken chimichanga I think the spelling is correct lol anyways. They offer 2 sizes large and larger I think it was a pound and half a pound. Trust me a half a pound is all you need. Verry good food quality. The sound on a wed was not bad. I expect some noise on the weekends. Verry fast service from server to kitchen and kitchen to server took about 15 max 20 mins for our food to get there. They are opening a new one near market street kitchen in the d.c. ranch area maybe higher end stuff skirt steaks idk. but sounds good. Will be back.
5	This place is amazing! I always want to go here. The flour chips are unbelievably good! We always have to ask for more flour ones. You eat the corn chips because you feel bad for them, but the flour is where it's at. I always have their Courtney's Favorite Spicy Chicken Burrito (something like that). It is spicy, and it is soooo good. So much flavor and heat! They also have an amazing prickly pear margherita. It goes down like dessert, but it can be dangerous.
5	They have the best chimichangas I have ever tasted! Great customer service and awesome chips and salsa
5	Every time I go here I am more  than pleased with their food and service. This past week my husband and I went to dinner and mentioned that it was our anniversary at the hostess desk, when our waitress came over to take our order she told us that her manager requested that dessert would be on them in "celebration" of our anniversary. It was a wonderful night and another wonderful experience there!
4	One of my favorite Mexican restaurants. The fajitas are amazing and the atmosphere is good too. The patio and the bar area are great. Good happy hour and margaritas too. The black and blue chicken salad is my go to for lunch! I saw they are opening a new location in DC Ranch which is closer to me so I'm excited to try the new location .
4	The food was good. The service was good. Needs a little attention in the decor department. Our booth had drywall exposed where the table has hit the wall several times and there has been a half measure to repair.The flan is out of this world. Out of this world!!!
1	We've tried to find a decent margarita in the Pinnacle Peak area for 14 years and now  must finally conclude that one does not exist. We returned to Jalapeno's after avoiding it mostly over the years, choosing instead to head to Cantina Laredo to the south or to Carefree/Cave Creek. The house margarita was poured into a tumbler- sized glass and as a result you could barely taste any tequila. Their mix is pretty bad. We ordered a shot to share that spruced it up, but asked for "something affordable" suggesting Herradura, which is usually cheaper. The server was clueless and the small shot cost $9. We decided to try the Sangria Swirl instead and it was unbelievably bad and undrinkable. The server didn't care that we were not finding any satisfaction with the cocktails. I would say that if you like green corn tamales and don't need a margarita, this isn't a bad place to visit.
4	This is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants. We love the flour chips and salsa that they always bring out.  The guacamole is good and fresh.  Margaritas are decent.  I have tried several items on the menu, but my favorite it their chicken fajitas!We have always had great service and just an overall nice experience.  Last time we were their, the manger came to our table and asked how everything was.  It was nice to be able to compliment him face to face and tell him what a great job he was doing.
3	Lunch was a great experience, the artwork caught my attention before anything. The servers were attentive and the food was out before I could even blink. It was busy with people during the lunch hour, so that much mean the food is quite tasty.I enjoyed chicken fajitas (but the chicken was a little dry) as my entree along with the nachos and salsa as a complimentary starter.  I thoroughly enjoyed the salsa at Jalapeno, they give you two kinds - a traditional and a hot salsa.  I would recommend stopping here for a Mexican lunch if you're near this area.  They have a great outdoor patio, but that is only for the nice weather here in Scottsdale.
5	Great find in N. Scottsdale. Chips are cooked in-house. Very good. Had the Hatch Chili pork enchiladas. Just enough heat to get your attention. Probably best enchiladas I've eaten.  My daughter got the seafood enchiladas which were a little different than what you typically find, and were very good also. Service was very good especially since it was a very busy Friday night. Planning to go back before I leave.
1	My husband likes to come here. Although I am not a Mexican food fan, I usually join him and order the chicken tortilla soup. Although it is still on the menu, they now say they do not serve it any more. What Mexican restaurant does not serve tortilla soup? I guess we will be finding another restaurant. Disappointed!
5	Jalapeno Inferno still offers very good modern Mexican fare with a nice range of tequilas and margaritas to complete the experience.  I'm addicted to the homemade flour and corn tortilla chips with salsa, as well as the corn tamales that have no equal.  Good values during happy hour and they take care of locals during the summer with very good summer specials, as well as good gift certificate deals right at Thanksgiving.  We're regulars and probably will be for a long time.  I still highly recommend Jalapeno Inferno.In recent years a few changes have ruffled my feathers a bit, however.  While the expansion is good for quicker seating, we find ourselves being overlooked in the new back room in the bar area.  Servers don't seem to see us - empty beer glass, margarita, and worst of all running out of chips when we ordered a queso appetizer. Quite a few times we would have each had a 2nd margarita but did not because by the time our server came back we had nearly finished our entrees. Paradoxically, we get better service when it is very busy on weekends compared to weekdays when it seems as though servers are sometimes rushed, even though the restaurant on the whole isn't very full (perhaps too many tables per person?).  We like the "hot" salsa too, but sometimes it seems like a chore to get it because servers forget, or the chips person forgets when we ask her, or it comes much later compared to the regular salsa which is served shortly after seating.  My memory could be off, but I thought that years ago when we first enjoyed coming here the tables were served with one regular and one hot salsa every time.  If so, I miss that.  The hot salsa isn't that hot anyway.  And if there was a genie granting three restaurant wishes, one would be that they bring back the salsa sampler.  Their salsas are (and were) a big hit here, but they seem downplayed compared to previous years when we first started coming here.
4	After reading other people's reviews I wasn't sure what to expect.  I found the food to be fairly good.  The guacamole was great, their ceviche was a bit different than I am used to, but tasty.  My mom had lime shrimp tacos and was vey pleased, and my chimi was pretty good.  Atmosphere was great too!
3	I've been here several times and tried the chimichanga, street tacos, and the pollo fun dido. The chimi and tacos are just ok. A little flat in flavor. The fun dido is real tasty with a good kick and a lot of cheese. Their complimentary chips n salsa are delicious and they give you a variety with flour and corn chips!  The margarita is very good but a little light In the tequila zone. I'd like to give them a 4 star if it wasn't for the rather inflated prices, but I suppose they're in the right area for it in n. Scottsdale. I will be back but will most likely get a beer instead of the cocktail.
5	We went to Jalapeno's for lunch on Sunday and the experience was great. The service was fast and the food came out quickly. They have a great patio area to enjoy. Would come back again for the cheese crisp and enchiladas!
