3	Pretty basic, it does what it needs to do.  Since the Coronado cafe doesn't do to go orders and I'm pressed for time due to bowling upstairs, this deli is pretty much the only thing to eat.  I'm not down with snack bar food from the bowling alley, my taste buds have enhanced since I was 10.Pricing is a little high for food that's pretty standard but eh, when you're hungry, you're hungry.  The cheeseburger and fries were good from here and this past weekend I ordered half a turkey sandwich and chicken noodle soup (almost $11!!).  You can't really mess up either of those things so I was satisfied until dinnertime rolled around.It takes awhile to get your food though, just a head's up :/
3	Inside the South Point Casino and great spot for a late night snack/ dinner.  Tried both the Corned Beef and Pastrami sandwiches and they were both really good and huge.  I also had the Cinnamon Raisin Bagel plain and it was stale thus the 3 star rating... but if toasted and with cream cheese or for a sandwich then probably would have been better.However, I do prefer the Carneige Deli in Mirage.
3	While staying @ The Southpoint we ate here. I had a ruben sandwhich which was huge but did not have nearly enough dressing. The fries were pretty good. Hubby had a grilled cheese and it was not anything special..certainly not worth the price of it.The desserts are off the chain..huge..really huge! Didn't get one because the size scared me! LOLAll and all it was ok..next time I will drive across the street for Capriotties!
4	Placed a couple bets at the Sports Book and decided to grab a bite. Turned around and there it was. They got a good selection of eats from pastries to pizza. What caught my eye was the Corned Beef Sandwich. I saw the deli slicer and the big solid chunk of meat and I love Real Corned Beef, especially from a Deli. So, I ordered a Whole order of Corned Beef plain with White Toasted Bread. I like mine with Mustard and Mayo never hurt (they got a get it yourself condiment table to add what you want). The Corned Beef sandwich was stuffed like 2 inches thick and the toothpick was holding on to dear life to keep it from bursting open. It was exactly what I was craving for. I held off from the mustard and mayo and took a bite as I couldn't wait no longer. Yup, it is was the Real Deal, Corned Beef at its Finest! I may mix it up a bit and try it with their Pastrami next time around..
3	Located in the South Point casino, this place does a lot of business.  There is a line and people are taking food to go outside the casino.  If people are doing pickup at a casino, it's gotta be good.  Today, we had the turkey club.  They serve a true turkey club putting turkey, bacon, lettuce and tomato on both decks.  It's a true double decker.  They serve it dry with condiments on the side.  Unfortunately, we ordered it with wheat bread toasted which turns out to be the driest bread.  Factor that with dry roasted turkey breast, no amount of mayo will make this sponge moist.  The pastrami's looked very good as does the desserts.  We just picked the wrong dish.  Next time, it's a fatty pastrami.  So 3 stars for what we saw and 1 star for us ordering the wrong item.
2	The only reason I gave them two stars was because of the pastrami. The guy takes the dirty rag and wipes the meat slicer and every thing on the counter. My wife got sick, it wasn't hot enough and they put cold pastrami with the plastic still on with the hot! I the L.A. area if you get caught using the dirty wipe down rag where food goes you get a C rating. My roast beef was good though and the hotel was great.
3	This was our evening to watch the rodeo in its entirety so we settled in at the Grandview Lounge early and nursed our drinks.  After the rodeo we were only mildly hungry so we shared a corned beef on rye accompanied by a side of potato salad from the Del Mar Deli.
3	I ordered a Rueben.  Large portions.  Good meat.  Missing stars because the sandwich came with fries instead of chips.  The fries were too thin for my taste anyways.  Also, the sandwich barely had any sauce on it.  Sandwich and a soda was around $15.
5	We love this place! Great food! Awesome, huge deserts
2	This is only for the desserts; I have been drooling over the humongous and wonderful looking desserts in their case for ages every time I've been at South Point and finally had a chance to try some of them.  Wow, was I disappointed!  I had the cake and cheesecake and I regret wasting the calories on them.  They look divine, but tasted just meh.  I've had much better from my local Smith's grocery store. There are still a few desserts I'd like to try, but I'm not getting my hopes up.
5	I stayed with family one night at the nearby timeshare they had and got really hungry, so one of the relatives said to walk to the casino a block away and grab something.  First thing I saw--I was super hungry--was the Del Mar Deli.Decide on chicken salad sandwich, and the gal asks me if I want a whole or half.  Figuring it would be a skimpy chicken sandwich--which is all I ever get when I order one out--I said a whole.  OMG!  Half is all I could eat cause they are HUGE!The desserts are huge, too, but I really used some big girl discipline and stayed away...but dang! they look great.This is THE place to eat if you are ever at Southpoint and want to grab something quickly.  Clean, nice people serving and HUGE, HUGE, HUGE portions.  You get your money's worth and it tastes good, too.I will be back if I am ever in the area again.
4	One of the yummiest Strawberry Shortcake's that I've eaten in a long time. It reminds me (almost) of the yummy LSG cakes back home from Guam. The yellow cake is moist and thick at the same time, the frosting is lightly sweet and all the fresh strawberries that they pack in the cake is Oh sooo goood!!!! They sell large slices for around $5.50 but you can also order your own cake for any occasion. I just recently ordered a quarter sheet for a baby shower and everyone loved it. The quarter sheet was $35.00  and a half sheet is $65.00.I just recently tried a slice of their banana cream cake and to answer your next question- yes it was yummy as well. I would've liked it more though if there were real bananas in the middle of the cake not just on top for a garnish.I also tried a piece of cheese pizza and that was hellah good also - kinda salty but I'd rather have a tad bit salty than bland!!!!I have only tried these 3 items but so far so good!!!Next time I would like to try a slice of the Neopolitan cake & the Chocolate Strawberry Shortcake.....P.S. I wanted to order a cake again so I called at around 8:00pm and the lady said that the baker had left already but if you call right at 8:00am first thing in the morning the baker would be able to do it and I asked her if she was sure cause I can call elsewhere and she said "Yeah, just call at 8:00am and I know the baker will do it......Well, I set my alarm and called right at 8:00am and to my disappoinment found out that they do not do same day cakes- what a freakin real bummer....All the employees should get together and have a meeting cause they all have to get on the same page!!!!!!
2	Not very good food, especially for the price walk a couple hundred feet and get something to go.
3	My sister likes the hot wings...  They were ok considering they are from a sports bar deli.
3	We shared a corned beef sandwich on rye with a side off potato salad.  The meat was lien and very tasty.  We also managed to consume a very large Napoleon that was also pretty good.  We also stopped by the deli a few times in the morning for one of their large size bagels which we had toasted and brought back to the room. These bagels would be a disappointment in Brooklyn, but weren't bad for a deli in a casino.
1	WHY DOES THIS PLACE HAVE 3.5 STARS???  WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS TERRIBLE LIE???Sandwiches were BLAND, as in, NO FLAVOR on the meat, NONE!  We both experienced this at different times, so pretty accurate.  At least the meat was tender and served hot (although microwaved).  On another day....  I tried the strawberry shortcake, which was lacking strawberries.  I finally found one and it tasted like over-ripe, almost rotten, squishy strawberries taste when they should be thrown out!!  I returned the huge slice and got yelled at then had money basically thrown at me, haha,  How is it MY FAULT that you chose to use old strawberries and my taste buds caught you??  Oh well.  To the wrinkled, bleach-blonde, Aqua Net Queen:  Sorry I ruined your day.
1	The people who have reviewed this place prior giving it 3+ stars must be drunk or void of a few neurons.I have eaten here twice and both have been some of the worst experiences I have ever had.  The first time I got a Gyro.  The thing was made with Spam slices, no joke.  I took it apart and was in complete shock.The second time I ordered a roast beef.  It cost over $12.  The thing was dry and the beef had an odd white discoloration on it.  Despite this I ate it since it was the only thing I had eaten all day.  It was so very bad though.I watched a basketball game in the sports lounge and after that I left and went to Target.  While grabbing a few things at Target I got one of those, "Oh Sh**" moments.  I realized I needed a bathroom within like 20 seconds or else I would have experienced a complete disaster.  I felt like a balloon full of boiling chili was about to explode in my bowels.  I was awkwardly running like Forrest Gump in the beginning of the movie where he breaks loose of his braces and 'Jennay' is screamin run forrest run.  People must of thought I was crazy or slightly mentally and physically disabled.  I finally got to the bathroom and the rest was very painful but I'll exclude the details.This experience ruined my Saturday night because there is no way I could have gone back out to meet friends for a night on the town with another one of these near disasters hanging over my head.This has gone on for 3 days and I'm finally waiting for my digestive system to return to normal.Never Never again will I eat here.  I highly advise nobody go here.  South Point has some of the worst food I've eaten outside of Indian Reservations in the middle of New Mexico.  Never Again!!
5	I've eaten here at least twenty times.  It is one of my favorite delis.  The daily specials are usually a half sandwich and a bowl of soup.  The half is as big as a normal whole sandwich.  The quality is always top notch and the prices are quite reasonable.  I haven't tried any of the enormous desserts, but the sandwiches and soups are terrific!
3	My boyfriend and I went here for lunch and breakfast. He had a grilled cheese and I had a quesadilla. Not bad, but not great. Gets the job done when u are drinking. Next morning we went here for bagels with cream cheese. Really good bagels that were toasted perfectly. Breakfast items are priced well but the lunch items we had were overpriced for what they were.Hope to try the desserts soon.
2	This place used to be AWESOME.  It is sad to see a place go down hill.  I ordered a corned beef sandwich and a Lox sandwich to go.  When getting to my destination the corned beef sandwich had a lot less meat on it then it did the last time which in itself was still less then it used to be and the price is higher.  The rye bread is not your traditional rye anymore either, now it is a thicker softer kind of bread almost like a thick sourdiough so they can put less meat on the sandwich and still try to make it look good.  The Lox sandwich was very disappointing.  For the price they charge there should be enough lox to cover the bagel, instead there were only 3 very small pieces.  This is NOT the place to go for lox and bagel.  You can get a MUCH better lox and bagel for a cheaper price at Einstien bagels or Sunrise Cafe on the East side and they will not try and rip you off.  I can understand raising your prices because things are more expensive, but to raise the price and lower the quality/quantity of your sandwiches that is just wrong.  Its hard enough to find a good deli in this town and just when you thought you had one, they make changes and it goes down hill. This place used to offer a really good Lox Platter and now it is only a sandwich and once you add lettuce, tomatoe, and onion on your bagel, you cannot even taste the lox.  Higher prices, lower quality, equals less customers.  It is sad to have to lower the quaility of my review for this place.  I guess I have to resort to visiting other places which have lower prices and real rye bread, and who are not as stingy with the lox as this place has become.  I wish I did not have to write this, but it is what it is...
2	It's hit or miss and very expensive.Tried to order the 1/2 sandwich special with soup-They argued the price for 15 minutes as it was clearly shown as a special.After literally 20 minutes of computer problems and a long drawn out arguing of facts I gave up and said: "I DON'T CARE, GIVE ME A DAMN SANDWICH AND SOUP".They obliged and charged me double, lol.I threw the other half away because I couldn't eat the whole thing.This place is just a necessary nightmare when you're staying at South Point.(South Point sucks too by the way). NOTE: The other staff is amazing, the cooks are smiling and put love into the overpriced food. So it almost makes it worth it.The female manager is very caring and dissolves situations when she's there.That's about it.
1	Ah man one star is pushing it. I was waiting in line knowing that the food I was going to get wasnt worth the wait. There's really nothing wrong with the people that work there. The issue is that there is one cash register and one person taking your order.  Meanwhile there are 5000 guys in the back cooking the meals. They really need to open another register up. The food was eh but I wasn't expecting anything much  more. So one star for the bottleneck place.
5	I wish I knew about this place sooner. They serve the same amazing bagels you'll find at the Bagel Cafe in Summerlin, and a selection of the same menu items, including some ridiculously huge and decadent desserts, the best of which are the tiramisu and strawberry shortcake.But for me, it's all about the bagels. Big, round, soft, crusty bagels teeming with toppings. They're the best in town. Good bagels are hard to find in Vegas, but these could stand up to the competition in New Jersey. I don't give many higher recommendations than that.
3	This place was ok - not amazing bny means but fair.  The sandwhich was a little dry, but it was a good size.  This is the only place you can actually get Diet Coke (not pepsi) in the whole South Point Casino though so it gets a bump up for that.
4	French fries and desserts!It seems every time I come to South Point Casino I always end up getting french fries from here and some type of dessert. The food is good, I had a corn dog once and I liked it.I just don;t like how slow they are especially when it's busy.
3	I got the Chicken Salad Sandwich. It was pretty good. I also got the potato salad on the side, that was just ok, not my favorite. The half order would have been sufficient, but I got a full sandwich. It was pretty big. Also got a chocolate covered strawberry, and that was yummy!!
5	Basically...just you're average deli in the middle of a casino.  Located inside the South Point near their sportbooks.  Review the menu and there's nothing you haven't tried before.  Plain and boring.  But for some odd reason, one of my favorite stops in Vegas.  My guilty pleasure.  If I'm south of the strip and am feeling like feeding, don't be suprised if I stop at valet and tell them I'll only be 10 minutes to pick up something from the deli.  -Fries:  One of the best.  Never greasy, just right.  Golden brown, just like how mom use to make it. -Calamari:  Not sure if this is regular item, but I have gotten it a couple of times. Just okay.-Whole Chicken w/Swiss on Wheat:  This is what I come here for.  Nothing special, just hits the spot for me and is the portions are healthy.  Try 14oz of chicken meat.  Have it plain and it's low carb and high protein.  -Corn Beef Sandwich:  Pretty damn good.  All you will taste is corn beef and forget the bread is even there. That's how big the serving is.  -Pizza:  Never a mistake.  Only a mistake if you are counting the calories. NY Style. You have a choice to get the half sandwhich or whole sandwhich. The half sandwhich is really most places full sandwhich.  Keep in mind, a half chicken is about 7 oz of meat.  Now for their specialty.....the desserts.  You won't see the desserts on the menu, but cannot miss them because they are smack in your face.  In da face!!! I have tried the carrot cake and the cheesecake.  Each slice is about 6 inches thick.  Not a typo...really big especially for a deli.  One of the best cheesecakes out here.  Yes, I said it.  You can wash their desserts down with the shakes from Steak N Shake (hang a left from this place and a dogleg right, can't miss it).  My only issue...plastic silverware.  Believe me, there's difference in taste when you eat desserts with metal silverware, keeps the coolness.  trust me, I know what I'm talking about. Got Desserts on Steroids??? They do!!!
4	Good Sandwiches and Great Desserts. Great place to pick up a Huge dessert to take home for a couple of people to share.
4	The first time I came here I thought it was a tourist trap with high prices compared to what you received. As you look at the desserts and pastries in the display case, they are massive (Claim Jumper) style. The sandwiches seems to have a pound of meat on them and are very filling. The Sports Book is my stomping ground and while in line you can see the giant screens in the book  and the smaller TV's around the the Sports Bar Lounge so I can stay up on the games I have. The lines can be pretty ridiculous during big sporting events (football sundays), if they only had fast passes for regulars!  I have enjoyed  almost everything I have gotten here. The vegetables can at times lack flavor. They have everything from bagels to omelets to sandwiches and desserts.  Reminds me a lot of the quality of the Deli at the Rio when Marnell Sr. owned it long ago.  Worth checking out if you are in the area. There are Tv's all over here  where there are none in the cafe so this is a better option to dine if games are going on IMO.
3	We visited this deli several mornings for toasted bagels during our stay.  The bagels are large and fresh.  My wife was feeling under the weather one day so she stopped in and ordered a cup of cup of chicken noodle soup which was loaded with chicken and fresh looking vegetables.  The price is a little on the high side, but the soup was bursting with  flavor.
3	I have to say the older ladies taking your order are usually really nice and awesome!  Great attitude from the older ladies, the young girls not so much.
2	If you are searching for the perfect French dip, this doesn't even come close. The meat, while plentiful, was dry and flavorless. I added the additional star for the generous portion sizes. If you are stopping by Del Mar, pass on the French dip and give something else a try.
3	1. We had just completed watching a show in one of the showrooms and wanted to eat something short of a buffet and found Del Mar Deli.2. The food was simply average in taste. The veggie omelet was normal. The pastrami sandwich was average.3. The prices were above average - somewhat strange for a deli in a quasi-local hotel and casino front area. Our bill was $27.84.4. The eating area and condiments were a duplicate of the Costco set-up, notably the self serve packets, forks, et cetera. And definitely not comfortable but then again that is not what a deli is about. 5. The service was only available at the ordering counter and nowhere else.6. I think it is good for the adjacent sports book but not as a destination.
5	I was staying at South Point for a couple of days earlier this week and was looking for something to eat at around 10:45AM. I really wanted to try Steak 'n Shake, and decided to pass on Del Mar Deli and wait for S'NS to open. I mentioned this to my good friend Jay F. later that day and he said "Dude, Del Mar Deli is legit" and claimed they had the best bagels in Vegas, and better than the beloved Bodo's Bagels from our college days in Charlottesville (UVa). Those are big words and a high recommendation coming from a NJ native. So we agreed that the next morning, when he was taking me to the airport, we would meet at Del Mar Cafe so I could see what all the fuss is about. The fuss is well-deserved. I ordered a Bagel and Lox sandwich on an egg bagel (toasted) for breakfast. It seemed a bit pricy at $10, but the sandwich had a generous portion of lox and cream cheese, and the bagel was oh so good. Sandwiches here also looked amazing, with nice large portions of meat, and the desserts were HUGE. The tiramisu was the size of your head - literally. If the rest of the food tastes as good as it looks - and as good as the bagel I had - then Del Mar Deli is definitely a winner.
4	we were staying at South Point, and have eaten here twice before, and wow, when you order a meat sandwich, it is FULL of meat! so much that you are stuffed when done...for lighter eaters, I recommend the half sandwich...usually I order the toasted plain bagel with cream cheese..a huge bagel, slathered with a thick layer of cream cheese..mmmmm! so good for when you don't want a heavy meal in the evening....this last time, decided to try the chicken matzo ball soup, that came with a choice of bagel and cream cheese, or other assorted sides...got the bagel with it....was thinking ok...a bowl of soup, how much can that be...well da-yum! it was a good size bowl of soup, and the matzo ball was literally the size of a baseball! when I got done eating it all,  I was over stuffed...delicious soup! next time, will get the soup and a salad...this place is definitely worth a try, and if staying at south point, there is a 15% discount coupon in the fun book...try it, you'll like it!
3	South Point is a random location for a Jewish deli.  But, when the lines at Steak and Shake are long, this is a good alternative.As a matzoh ball soup fanatic, I was super stoked to see they offered it.  It wasn't the best I've had, it had very few vegetables in it, but I'd order it again in a pinch.  I also had a decent egg salad sandwich on egg bagel.  But, what I will definitely order next time is one of their INSANE looking desserts.  I think I may have drooled while checking out the selection.  Apple tarts, cheesecakes, strawberry shortcake -- they had all my favorites.Overall, it's a bit expensive for deli (but, it is in a casino).  If you're looking for better deli food, go to Weiss or Bagel Cafe.  However, if you just want a decent lunch on the Strip, this is a good spot.
4	We shared a sandwich and a huge piece of cake. Really good pastrami and chocolate fudge cake. Not NY, but very close! I'm happy! This is a great place to go for pastrami!
3	place is ok. took my son and one of his teammates for a late lunch. i got the corned beef sandwich. it was ok, had much better. the bread was too soft. but the sandwich was a good size. my son and his teammate got pizza, have to admit it was pretty good. the fries were good. overall it was ok.
5	Strawberry cheesecake is huge!!! And absolutely amazing!!! $6 and its a smoking deal
4	Really a 3.75.  Ever since the Stage Deli closed at the Forum shops several years ago I have been jonesing for a real New York style deli in this town.  Some come close, but never as close as Stage Deli.  Del Mar is pretty good though.  As others have mentioned South Point is an odd place to find a semi-good deli, but if you really want a good pastrami sandwich go here.  Also tried the matso ball soup.  The soup itself was really good.  The masto ball was a bit bland.  Still not as good as the Stage Deli (can you tell I really miss that place?), but it'll do for this transplanted East coast Jew.
4	The Del Mar Deli is one of the better Deli's in Las Vegas. Pretty much everything is fresh and they have a huge variety. From pizza to sandwiches to chicken fingers to soups and salads. Don't forget the desserts. Gigantimungous cakes and cookies - they sometimes look better than they taste, but overall they're pretty good. The only drawback are the prices, definitely on the higher side. My personal favorite is the Everoast Chicken Sandwich (cold sandwich). The chicken has a ton of flavor, is moist, and the bread at Del Mar Deli is outstanding. They put enough meat on their sandwiches to make an extra sandwich or two. Also make sure they include a pickle. Also a fan of their cheeseburger. They do a great job of cooking it to the desired temperature - medium for me. Great flavor, comes with fries, definitely more than enough food.During football season be prepared to stand in a longer line. Overall are very fast and efficient, and even when the line is longer they do a great job of getting orders in and out quickly.
4	While watching football last weekend, we decided to get some breakfast sandwiches.  The service is quick and efficient and the food is pretty decent, but damn they are SO expensive.  Two bagel breakfast sandwiches for $20!  It's quite steep.  I'm not gonna say it's worth it as you can get just as good of breakfast sandwiches from Einstein's for half the cost, but I guess if you're at South Point and want the convenience of not having to leave the casino, it's a good alternative.
1	Stopped by the place before catching a movie. Ordered a toasted roastbeef sandwich. First of all, they did toast the bread but not the roastbeef or cheese. When I made the remark, they said that i should have specified i wanted the whole.sandwich toasted! Off to a good start...So they redid my sandwich, and when i opened the box, it litteraly smelled like rotten meat. Half a smelly rotten roastbeef sandwich (which merely consists of meat and dry bread, no sauce, barely no lettuce) served with nothing  but a pickle for a grand total of $12... wow. Grabbed a couple bites, threw the rest away, and have been feeling sick and bloated for the past 2 days. How can this place get good reviews is mesmerizing to me. Sure if u like crap finger food, this place is for you, otherwise, stay away!!
2	Plus: discount coupon from staying in the hotel.Everything else about it was just OK.  Food was alright, fountain soda, small amount of tables, located next to the sports book.  Had the jalapeno-cheese bagel with two eggs and bacon.  Wasn't too spicy (jalapeno-wise), but the egg was plentiful which was nice.
3	We love Bagel Cafe and often drive from Henderson to the other side of Vegas for the delicious bagels and sandwiches. While Del Mar Deli is part of the same family, it was markedly under our expectations. Bagels were still very well done, but not prepared as well. As well the atmosphere was not to our liking - just off the sports book in the casino isn't exactly a great place for a family breakfast. I think for those staying in the hotel or doing a quick take out this can work. Otherwise it is worth going to Summerlin.
3	Random place for a Jewish deli.  And perhaps because I've frequented some good Jewish delis in Los Angeles, this place didn't really rate.  However, I really have to give props to the ENORMOUS desserts.  We had a chocolate cupcake with a cream filling - I swear it was a Hostess ding dong on steroids!!! The gigantic cookie wasn't that good.  I wanted a chocolate chip cookie, and it turned out to be a sugar cookie with just chocolate chips sprinkled over it.  Was it bad?  No.  Was it good?  Eh.  Would I eat here again?  If I am there, of course.  But I wouldn't make a special trip.
3	It's not a destination, but if you're here, and lines are long elsewhere in the casino, consider. Saw them screw up someone's order today, and they gave him a cheesecake slice. Was more than his sandwich cost, very nice if them. Eaten here several times, sandwiches are good as was the slice of pizza. Cheesecake was very good. A little pricey on things but portions are generous. Everyone working there has been cool. People tend to take things out in workers in casinos, I've noticed, and this place is no exception, I would imagine even the most enthusiastic employee would get jaded over time. Next to sports book, plenty of drunk idiots get hungry. Would recommend.
3	Del Mar Deli (located inside the South Point Hotel and Casino) is a good 3 star destination.  The lines can get long sometimes when waiting to place your order at the counter, but I enjoy looking at all the delicious looking baked goods in their display cases while waiting.   All the desserts are huge.  For the most part, they do not taste as good as they look though.  That is not to say they are bad.  They still taste good.  What is missing is the "Wow" factor.Honestly, I cannot recommend anything on their menu.  I just like going here because it's a better choice than most other spots at South Point.  The wait isn't too long, and you get a 15% discount if you are a hotel guest using their discount book.  I'll continue to come here whenever we stay at South Point.  Maybe one of these days, I'll try something that has that "Wow" factor!
1	Everything looked really good. So many choices. I ended up with the black and white cookie and a brownie. When I got home and really looked at the cookie...well it looked more like a cake and less of a cookie. the bottom was rounded plus it had a cake feel. The brownie looked so good but was really big.so I went to cut it in half and was so dense. I bake and my brownies taste way better. Maybe they used the wrong flour by mistake but for the price I was very disappointed. My bill was almost $10. Wont be going here again. :-(
3	Salt bagel: deliciousBlack and white cookie: huge and YUMMYOreo cake: HUGE HUGE HUGE and deliciousThe ladies working here in the mornings are always so nice.  There's one in the evenings who is super slow, and that's really annoying when you're looking for something greasy because you've been imbibing in too much alcohol.Don't expect gourmet food here, just decent bagels and baked goods.
3	Food = 3-4 starsService = 1-2Overall good food, but why is the lady at the register SO SLOW!!! The line was pretty long and stayed that way!!! If she was a tiny bit faster then line would've evened out and not have been a 15 minute wait!
1	I was told to try this place out they made the best reubens.  :(  I got my ruben on white bread they didnt even ask what type of bread I just assumed it be on rye.  meat tasted yuck and they didnt put anything on it !  you had to go and get package condiments.  It was pricey and then all you get is a bag of packaged chips... Really?  :( disappointed
5	Best corned beef sandwiches and cheesecake! Del mar deli is a must if you are anywhere near the south point hotel and casino.
4	Quick, high-quality sandwiches and other quick offerings.  The portions are generous and everything was high quality.  Service was good, though it is just counter service (then you can eat at the nearby sports bar, keno, or the small restaurant seating space).Tip...there's a discount coupon in the book you get on hotel check-in.Oh, and the desserts were ridiculously large and very tasty.
2	So I should of expected a higher price due to it being in a casino so I am not going to complain about the food portion vs price. My sandwich was a philly steak it was ok but not worth the money. It tasted more like steakum meat then fresh steak. My husband paid 10 for a single cheeseburger and fries and the burger was a frozen patty and tasted like one. The cashier was very transactional which I find odd with this being a tourist town. I don't think I would order a meal from here again but I def want to try one of their deserts they looked fresh and tasty and the size is enough for two people. A suggestion too would be to get some cheesewiz for your cheesesteak it will help with the flavor. I don't mind paying more for food from casinos because that is the norm, I just don't like when I pay more and am not happy with my food.
3	Over the course of a 14 night stay at the South Point, I picked up a toasted cinnamon bagel with cream cheese and a coffee at this deli a total of 6 times that my wife and I consumed in our room.  In addition, one morning I substituted a large cheese Danish that, though fresh, disappointed because of the lack of cheese.  Rating of 2.5 Stars.One evening on our trip, I had to cancel our dinner plans because my wife had an upset stomach.  After resting, I purchased a tea and a bowl chicken noodle soup which, though pricey, was just what the doctor would have prescribed.  I did not neglect my stomach so I ordered a corned beef on rye which included one side dish.  Normally I would have  ordered a  1/2 sandwich, but the difference in price for a full sandwich was only about $2.  The corned beef was very tender and virtually fat free. Rating of 4 stars for both the soup and corned beef sandwich.
5	Surprisingly good deli with great portions and large selection of meals.  We split a pastrami sandwich and it was excellent.  Highly recommend!  Too bad South Point smells like cigarettes :/
