3	My friend does some catering with them so they allowed four of us to come in and try out the restaurant before it opened.  It's in a great South Park location where Manzetti's used to be.They started us off with chips and dip which included a warm basket of chips, hot salsa as in heated not spicy hot, and a side of pureed guac.  Everyone liked the warm salsa and guac.For apps we had the Brisket Nachos and Bottle Caps which were a combination of deep fried pickles and jalapenos with chipolte sauce...tasty!  The nachos consisted of about 10 nachos each with a piece of brisket on top with cheese etc.  Both apps were good and priced in the $8-10 range each.  The apps portion sizes weren't huge but eveyone was able to get a taste of each.For entrees we had the Ambushed Shrimp and Brisket Tacos.  The 9 shrimp were bacon wrapped with a cheese topping.  The entree came with slaw and rice for $18.  A tad pricey but very good!  The brisket tacos are avaiable in hard or soft shell with rice, beans, and slaw and received a thumbs up.  The tacos are approx $12.  For dessert we had one Tres Leches for the whole table.  I must say it was some of the best I've ever had.They brought out our bill for 4 which also included 8 Dos Equis beers for a total of $122 not including tip.  Our friend took care of the bill but we left a nice tip for our great waiter.  We collectively gave it 3 stars due to the upper end pricing for tex-mex but if your looking for something a little different it's definitely worth a try :)!
2	Well I had never had tex-mex before and I was very curious!  This is my first experience eating brisket (I was told this is the best thing to order at a tex-mex place) and it was delicious!  ....And there is a but....So I am a Northerner and I probably have this wrong so please forgive me....but am I allowed to compare brisket to bbq in the sense that good bbq usually does not have a lot of fat or grisel or bones?  Is brisket supposed to have clumps of fat in it?  If so - and if I am clueless, please forgive the reference to it and skip my review, but if you are the tiniest grossed out by big pieces of fat, dont get the brisket here.  Ok fat conversation over.  Other than that the brisket that I got in my tacos was very tender and delicious.  Yet I was kind of wondering 'where is the rest?'  I gave this place only two stars because the hard-shelled tacos I got had probably three good mouthfuls of brisket and no lettuce or other fillings in them so they pretty much came out 1/3 full for over ten bucks?  (I ordered two tacos but I think you can order 1 or 2 or 3).  No amount of dry Spanish rice on the plate could make up for it.  The meal also came with your choice of beans which were very good.  The pic posted shows the truth of portion size so judge for yourself.  Service was excellent and they were constantly adding chips to the basket on the table.  Sigh...in the end I couldnt get over the fat I had to pick through or that it cost so much for so little.  I hope to try this place in a few weeks and add more stars.
3	Having lived in Texas, we are continually on the hunt for great Mexican food. Sadly, we will have to continue hunting. All 3 of us had their fajitas, and we were all dissapointed. Both the chicken and beef were bland, the onions and green peppers over cooked with strong butter flavor, and the beans were not "tasty". Why the 3 stars then? Well, they are doing the tortilla shells correctly. Freshly made, and very good. Its a start. And their chips were great, and service prompt and friendly. Hopefully they improve everything else...(along with their marg prices. $14 for a reg size. Really?)
4	Good food and excellent service!  Had the brisket and bbq shrimp tacos with charro beans and rice.  All excellent! (and mine was not fatty at all)  Also they have a good beer, margarita, and tequila menu!  Best of all - the service was great.  Our server was attentive and personable and really seemed interested in our comments on the meal.  The only reason I did not give it a 5 is because I think they are still working out some of the menu items since it is so new and I am not sure I am a fan of the warm tomato-y salsa (although the chips were great!).  I will go back!
4	Great little spot in South Park, by the same owners as Big Daddy's. Has that same feel to it but with a Tex-Mex flare. The salsa is a bit different, in that they serve it warm as opposed to cold or room temp. It's different, but good. Had the Beef Brisket Taco's and they were amazing! Get them on the homemade soft tortillas. Yum.
4	Really enjoyed my experience at Paco's Tacos last night. Had a group of 10-12 people we were planning on, was able to call in and make a reservation with no problem, even though some of our party wasn't going to be there until after our reservation time.Waiter and helpers were fantastic.  Did a great job explaining the different drinks and different menu items that were new to us.The appetizers are pretty good, especially the unholy guacamole.  The bottlecaps/pickle chips appetizer was ok, however I was disappointed by the amount of fried jalapenos we got, they were hard to find and the dish was mostly fried pickles.Entrees were great.  I got the Paco's Taco (brisket) and BBQ Shrimp.  Others were raving about the Gringo taco, Enchiladas, Skirt steak and Chicken.  No one was unhappy with their food.Drinks were inventive, including the mango infused vodka drink with ginger beer.  You also can't beat a 20 oz. draft of Shiner for $5, at least not at a restaurant.Overall was a great experience.
4	I'm a fan of Cantina 1511, Big Daddy Burger, etc....so I had to try out Paco's Taco's.  My husband and I stopped in on Sunday for an early dinner.  The place has only been open for about a week, and it did not disappoint.  The beef brisket taco is excellent, the service is excellent, and it's exciting to have this place close by in Southpark.  We will be back!
3	I was excited to check this place out after reading the reviews on here. Unfortunate location though---across from South Park Mall but with the entrance facing the Marriott.We went here on a Saturday afternoon and there were a few other patrons there (mostly with kids, it seems like a good place to bring them) and we were promptly greeted by the server. I was confused by the theme of it though. It has a menu full of Mexican food, the decor seemed more Western Route 66 -ish and the music was random as well. Being one that loves random stuff, I enjoyed it. Service was great and the manager even stopped by after to see how everything was and how we thought everything tasted and if it needed any more flavor or seasoning. I thought that was really awesome that they asked our opinion (even if they really didn't care). I got the ceviche why was served like a parfait in a dessert cup so I found that different but it tasted great as well did the chips and salsa.Personally, prices seemed a little steep. $7 for one taco? No thanks, I can make one at home for $.80.
3	Ah Paco's, I was really excited to try your tequila soaked spot. Too bad I came for lunch and didn't get a chance to indulge in a big mamma jamma margarita, but that's for next time. Onto my lunch experience...I met a great business contact here and we enjoyed a tasty lunch. What we did not enjoy was great service - something I have come to expect from a Frank Scibelli restaurant. No, no one was outright rude or mean, our server was just kind of a dud of sorts. I don't know if he was having a bad day or just needs more training but it wasn't great. First, the food...I ordered the Chicken Enchiladas and they were tasty. They were topped with a creamy queso and a bit of sour cream mixture. The chicken was tender and I enjoyed the two enchiladas. The refried beans were standard as was the rice. My only gripe? I wish it had a little more spice - in all components. The flavor of the chicken and the dish as a whole would be much elevated with a little kick. The service...sorry for the long, drawn out info...Our server was just kind of absent - he wasn't engaging, didn't help much with recommendations and he also forgot a few things that my dining companion asked for on the side, one being chopped jalapenos. When my dining companion asked for fresh, chopped jalapenos on the side our server looked at her and blankly said, "I don't think we have any fresh jalapenos." Really, that's odd...we both thought. Then she said, well I'd appreciate any jalapenos please. Once our food came out, no jalapenos. So we politely asked the runner for the same request, and fresh chopped jalapenos came out in seconds. Ok....And then the bill. So, it was my fault for not digging into the bill pad, but our sever did indeed give me the bill as I requested, on one check. There was a bit of confusion as I requested a copy of the full bill, and I didn't see one in the check pad, etc. Regardless, it was in there and that's my fault for not digging, but after the manager brought me a copy of the bill and reconciled (my) error the server said, "You need to tell my manager it's ok, because otherwise you're going to get me in trouble." Hmm. Nice. I happily told the manager there was not problem and it was my misunderstanding, I was chatting with my business contact, didn't notice, etc. I apologized but I thought it was pretty rude for the server to go there, if you know what I mean.So, long story short, the food was good and I definitely want to come back and give it another go but I hope that server's having a better day and if not, I hope I'm seated in another section.
3	Good chips and salsa? good guac? Check! Location and ambiance? OK. Service:  It had potential to be good but our server kept coming back every ten minutes, even after we told her we would be taking out time. Maybe she had good intentions, but we felt very rushed. It was later in the night and although the restaurant was kind of full, there wasn't a wait for other customers. Veggie tacos: LITTERALLY some cabbage. That's it. Oh, and one slice of a pepper. Huh?
5	I work in the Southpark area so Paco's Tacos & Tequila has become a restaurant I frequent weekly.  I'll grab lunch to go or dine in after work with friends or coworkers.  Since I've had the opportunity to eat there quite a bit, I've tried most of the entrees and appetizers. Some of my favorites include: the veggie quesadilla, chicken fajita salad, paco's tacos, and the sour cream chicken enchiladas.      The service is great, which is always a reason to come back.  The wait staff and managers are always attentive and prompt; I don't think I've ever seen the bottom of a glass without a new one being brought to the table first.  If you've eaten at some of Frank's other restaurants (Cantina 1511, Big Daddy's, Mama Ricottas..) you know that poor service is never an issue.   Because of the great food and mindful staff it is defiantly worth checking out.  It's family friendly but you can also enjoy a casual date without being overwhelmed. They also have started some really good drink specials throughout the week (try the Texas Rose with pear infused tequila). The price point in the right place as well.
5	Another great restaurant from FS Food Group. The service staff is knowledgeable, helpful and caring about all aspects of service. The tacos are amazing of course but if you are looking for a real treat try the ambush shrimp or shrimp diablo. I pound of shrimp on one and bacon wrapped shrimp on the other how can you go wrong. They are starting to do daily specials on drinks and food always prepared by the well trained bartenders and chefs. So if you are looking for great tex- mex come try this little gem
3	I was really hoping to love this southwest restaurant but after  2 visits nothing stuck out except high prices.  We ordered the outlaw steak fajitas because the server recommended that they would be a good to share.  When the tab came they had charged an $8 split plate fee.  I wouldn't have a problem with this if it were disclosed.  And $7 for one taco?  In today's economy I have to love the place to pay those kind of prices....
2	Expected more from the likes of  Frank Scibelli. I am a rabid fan of his other establishments but Paco's just fell flat for me. Chips and Salsa = forgettableThe margaritas were strong, but the food was just like that appetizer - forgettable. Worth giving them a few weeks and checking it out again, but the location was odd and along with a pretty uninspiring meal, I won't be rushing back.
5	Hola, Paco. Gracias por la buena experiencia. Besides the food being good, their customer service is fantastic! My mom and her friend were in town and we wanted them to try Paco's Tacos. My mom ordered the brisket taco, but after a couple bites decided that it wasn't what she expected. Our server was very gracious and made the night out wonderful and got something my mom would enjoy...tres leches cake. I've been there a couple times and each time I've had a terrific experience. The staff are super friendly and the managers aim to please. The chips and salsa are delicioso and I have to force myself to stop eating them so I won't ruin my dinner. I've ordered the shrimp and veggie fajitas each time and they are yummy! Great location in the SouthPark neighborhood with a great atmosphere! When the weather is warm, it's nice to sit on the patio. The offer great specials during the week...por ejemplo, I think Mondays after 8pm their fajitas are half off.  Thanks Paco's and staff for making our night out enjoyable!
3	I was excited to finally try Pacos after much delay on my part getting there. For me it was just OK. Service was really good, which was a nice surprise. The food; however, was a separate surprise. Granted it could have been what I ordered too. Ordered the enchiladas (can't remember the exact name) and there was so much cheese sauce/queso all over the dish that it was hard to gave a bite of anything, including the rice & beans, without eating cheese. Being from Wisconsin, I like me some cheese, but this was too much. Either way, I'll give it another shot because the location is great!
4	A star has been added for OUTSTANDING customer service!!!  After writing my original review, I was contacted by "Stephanie" with FS Food Group (Big Daddy's Burger Bar, Mama Ricotta's, Plate Perfect Catering, Cantina 1511, and Paco's Tacos & Tequila).  She apologized for the error with  the $8 split plate fee and asked for a copy of our receipt to clear up the mistake.  To make a long story short, we were charged only $2 for the split plate but they did inadvertently charge us for the dinner portion vs. the lunch portion of fajitas.  Next thing you know, I open my mailbox and guess what's there???  A gift certificate with a handwritten thank you note appreciating my help!  I love a business that "gets" customer service!  Nice job FS Food Group.  I'm a fan.
3	Tonight's dinner experience was just OK and did not start out well. We called ahead for directions and were told it was in SouthPark, next to Crate & Barrel. For those who have been there, you know, as we do now, this is not at all where they're located. They're across the street from the mall, behind Williams & Sonoma. We were 10 minutes late to meet our dinner companions as we drove around the mall completely confused. A text from our friends got us back on track.When calling ahead, we also added our name to the call-ahead seating list, even though they weren't on a wait at the time. We thought they might be by the time we got there 20 minutes later on a Saturday evening, which they were. Our friends, who'd arrived before us, asked if our names were on the list. They were told no, given a pager, and told the wait would be 10-15 minutes. When we arrived, the hostesses were not welcoming or friendly. We asked again about our name being on the list, and lo and behold, they found it. They gave us a new pager. 25 minutes later, after seeing numerous other parties seated, we were seated by another unfriendly hostess.Sitting two tables away from the large glass windows, there was such a cold draft, I ended up putting my coat back on. I was grateful we weren't seated in the booth right up against the window. However, my table seat location right next to the aforementioned booth, meant the server's & guacamole maker's butts were right in my face when they were waiting on that booth. Ugh.Tonight's saving grace: our server, Jim. He was on top of things. He was quick to take our order, quick with the drink & chip refills. And when he noticed my husband's chili had come with cheese on it, despite the request for none, he promptly delivered a corrected version (albeit then it was missing the scallions also).The tableside guacamole is a nice trend I've seen in several restaurants. Paco's is just OK. It was pretty salty but lacking in much other flavor. All four of us felt the same way about that. For the price, I expected better.Soups and fajitas were good and flavorful. Margarita was OK but overpriced in my opinion. The guys liked both their beers and thought the price was reasonable. (If we go back, I guess I know what drink I'll be getting instead!)The menu said something about a $2 split-plate charge, which I find rather silly. We're getting the same exact meal, right? We didn't even get an extra plate. What are we paying the extra fee for? Lucky for us, our bill did not include that, which we sheepishly did not point out to our server. (Now if I find out split plates are indeed more generous portions, then I understand the additional fee!)For the price we paid for this Saturday night out meal, (thank goodness for a $10 coupon!), I expected more from the experience.
4	We went to Paco's Tacos & Tequila this past Saturday night for a late dinner (around 9:00).  It was still pretty crowded, which is impressive considering there's very little signage leading you back to this new restaurant that sits hidden in the back of a parking lot.  I guess word-of-mouth does wonders!  We were impressed by the transformation from the former Manzetti's to Paco's.  The new decor added to Manzetti's dark wood was perfectly suited for a Tex-Mex place.  A friend of mine had been recently and recommended (since I like spicy food) the jalapeno margarita.  (I think it was called the "Firestarter" on the menu?)  I ordered it, and it was fantastic.  There were other jalapeno-infused beverages offered that sounded appealing, too.  Mind you, these are ONLY for people who are serious about spicy food; they're damn hot.  Be sure to order a glass of water as an accompaniment!The chips and salsa they serve (free!) to start were fantastic.  The chips were very light -- both in weight and taste.  I didn't feel like I was truly stuffing myself with them (which was a good thing!).  There were two types of salsa served with it -- a sweet green tomatillo one and a red spicy one (possibly habanero?).  Both tasted incredibly fresh and flavorful.  As an additional app (because it was late, we were starving, and they sounded so good), we ordered the fried pickle chips and jalapenos.  It was the perfect combination for sharing between spicy food lovers and non-spicy food lovers. I ordered two tacos for my entree -- a fish taco and a shrimp taco.  The fish was just okay. I think it's the coleslaw that ruins it for me; I'm not a fan of cabbage.  The BBQ shrimp taco was awesome, though.  I think next time I would order a quesadilla like my partner had, since I don't really need the rice and beans.  The quesadilla was huge, packed full, and came with fresh-made pico de gallo and guacamole (with chunks of avocado in it).    Would I recommend Paco's?  Heck yeah.  For many reasons.  It's a great casual dining experience, offers drinks and salsas that other Mexican restaurants don't, and it's fun for all.
4	I enjoy Paco's Tacos & Tequila when I need to get my Tex Mex fix in Southpark.  I can't get enough of their salsas and chips.  I am also salivatingly into their beef brisket tacos.  They are a must-get.  I had an interesting cocktail called firestarter or firebreather or something.  Its primary ingredient is jalepeno infused tequila.  It was pretty cool.  It astounds me that a drink has been created that is spicy and sour at the same time.  I don't know how good it is for business though because it prompted me to sip slowly.  There was a 30 min or so wait on prime time Sat night, but service was good and price was reasonable.  2 brisket tacos with rice, beans and chipotle slaw for $10!
4	Love this place! Really nice staff, competent servers, delicious food. (And very reasonably priced! Bonus.) My kiddos love anything that involves beans and rice and this restaurant is within walking distance from our house. Perfect. Endless chips and salsa for the kids and a margarita for mama. Does it get any better than this?My husband and I have also ordered take out and were pleased with that as well. The other night I really just wanted to order chips and salsa to munch on while watching March Madness, I had no need for a huge meal - much to my surprise I could order an individual taco for $4. I ordered the crispy shrimp taco in a crispy corn taco shell, my husband ordered a veggie quesadilla (Friday during Lent for all you Catholics out there...no meat!) and our grand total came to $14. This $14 included a HUGE bag of crispy chips and two kinds of salsa. I felt a little guilty paying less than $15 for dinner! But I got over it.Thumbs up! It always looks busy so I guess people keep coming back. If you haven't given it a try, I recommend you check it out.
4	Great place! Half price fajitas on monday nights after 8:30.  Great service.  You have to try the fried ice cram and brownie.  Even if you take it home for later.  One of the best brownies around.
3	I just had lunch here today for the first time. The decor and setup of the restaurant is awesome. The chips and salsa (two kinds, both delicious) came out quickly. Both my friend and I had enchiladas, and they were covered in a thick sour cream sauce. The enchiladas themselves were very bland. Our server, who was excellant and polite, asked if all was ok. When we explained that the sauce was too heavy, he apologized. Soon, the manager came out and asked if all was ok. We told him that the sauce was too heavy. He asked if we would like something else, but we had already finished the meal. He ended up giving us half off the meal, even though we told him he did not need to do that. I will definitely come back to this restaurant based on the level of customer service provided. The food did not wow me, but the management did.
4	I've visited this restaurant several times now so it certainly has that "IT" factor that keeps ya coming back for more.  I typically come in the evening times so its usually fairly busy but never to where my date & I have to wait to be seated. In face we've managed to get the same exact booth on every single visit (what are the odds of that LoL) The staff is really good about letting you know what drink specials are offered as well as food to recommend. My date has always been a huge fan of the "unholy guacamole" (and now i'm a fan too) which is freshly prepared right at the table side to make sure it's just like you want it. The classic margarita is solid but the grapefruit version wasn't all that tasty (or was just mixed poorly) so drinks maybe hit or miss there. The main course usually does not disappoint, I have been experimenting with various tacos, the traditional seems to go better with the hard shell, but the soft shell works better with the more exotic choices on the menu. The meals are filling and haven't been able to muster up room for desert but they do make sure to offer it to you if you desire it. The atmosphere is pretty lively, they have a patio area if you choose to dine outdoors and there are also plenty TV's locked in on sports if you want to catch a game. I'm looking forward to hanging out here Cinco De Mayo or really anything you are in the mood for a good mexican dish, I would make my way over Paco's pronto!
3	Much better than Cantina 1511! The salsa verde was really good. I was a bit disappointed at the fact that they had to smother my enchiladas in queso to make them vegetarian - where's the enchilada sauce!? - but it was pretty decent. I will likely go back ... and next time, have a margarita. They looked yummy.
1	Had high hopes for this place.  Made reservations for 7pm, got a table at 8pm.  First thing I ordered was out.  Waiter recommended something else.  The food was horrendous - not just bad flavor, fundamentally inedible.  This place is typical for Southpark restauarants - crowded and very marginal food.
4	I went back for a second visit, and I was again totally impressed by the level of service. I was also impressed this time by the food! My Cadillac chicken was phenomenal, and my friend had a salad which she said was great. I will be coming back to Pacos, and soon.
5	Go here! Our waiter, John was awesome and helpful with our menu choice.  We had the seafood ceviche for an appetizer..$10 very good, and each of us had the combo #2 and substituted the pork tamale for the paco taco....this was a great meal!  Upgrade for $1 to the side salad..definitely worth it!  We will go back here next time we are in Charlotte!
4	After a shiner beer dinner trip, a few hours at the bar trip, and a few just dinner trips - it's definitely a fully rounded review, but I'm pretty sure it would have sounded the same a few months back.The food, is delish. The paco's taco (brisket) is just divine, as are both of the shrimp tacos. i think the campechana is awesome - and my mother (a ceviche expert) agreed. They have awesome food specials at the bar, and they have frito pie. (though I have yet to try it, the fact that it is on the menu makes me happy) Even their free chips and (both) salsas don't disappoint. They aren't perfect, and some items I've liked much more than others, but nothing has been "bad".Now to the important part - the booze. a lovely selection of shiner (two or three on tap and then a few bottled) and a (slowly) rotating selection of infused tequilas complete their full bar and tons of tequila. I'm a fan of the three-pepper infused one which tastes fab alone, in a bloody maria, or in their firestarter (or something to the same tune) margarita. oh, their margaritas - I've had a couple different ones and I like all of them, especially the one that's on special that night. What keeps this from being 5 stars is the service, and maybe a little of the ambiance. The amount of fajita plates ordered is ridiculous, and kind of makes me feel like I'm at Chili's. Not really their fault, I guess, but the constant sizzling and smoking can be distracting. The bartenders have always been great and friendly, but sometimes service has been a miss. In my book, there is a window for great service, but asking if I'm doing okay too many times in a certain time frame can be just as bad as never coming back to check in. I guess at Paco's I'm usually over-served(?), and more than once by a server who reaaaally shouldn't have chugged that second red bull right before her shift started. But hey, my water glass was continually filled to the rim, my drinks kept coming, and seconds after my food hit the window it was at the table - so I can't complain too much.
4	Oh, Paco, where have you been all my life?  And I am not talking about the Esai Morales character that was hanging out with Sean Penn in the early 80s movie Bad Boys, either.  If he learned to put together a meal like this in a juvenile detention center, then forget reform - more people need to spend time behind bars!We actually just happened to be in the area, with no particular intention to check them out for restaurant week, but since they had it going on, we stopped in to see what was happening, and were oh-so-glad we did.  The special included a Miss Kitty's margarita, guacamole or ceviche as an appetizer, a salad, fajitas or shrimp for dinner, and either tres leches or fried ice cream and brownie for dessert.So why just four stars, instead of five?  It was actually a close call.  The service, despite the place being slammed for a Friday night during restaurant week, was spot-on.  But the salad was limp.  Yes, limp.  There was not a crisp piece of lettuce to be found.  To their credit, the fine staff at Paco's even offered to make another to replace it - but I really had no room, and the entree had not even arrived yet.  I was impressed by the offer, however, and hopefully the next visit will see improvements here.  I totally get the desire to prepare for a rush, and putting salads in the fridge in advance is understandable.  But it does knock them down a bit.The portions definitely did not hurt.  We ate on them for not one, but two meals after we got home.  And the food, with the exception of the salad, was spot-on.  The guacamole was much better than the ceviche (though the ceviche is good - you just get so much more enjoyment out of the guacamole it is ridiculous).Paco's is not for everyone.  Do not take a date and expect a quiet romantic evening.  There are televisions scattered about.  It does have a bit of a noise level to it, but not so much that you cannot talk during dinner.  And it does get a bit crowded, so if you like to get up (to go to the bathroom, for instance), it might be a tight squeeze.Otherwise, dig in.  It is well worth it.
3	I've dined here a few times with my family and we keep coming back, despite a few misses.  I really want to be a fan of this place though. The red salsa is good and hot while the green satisfies the less adventurous.  The guacamole (made to your specs at the table) is delicious and its pretty much all my 4 year old eats there.  I normally get the tacos, either brisket or fish and they're really great, though I'm not a fan of mango salsas in general.  Last night we had the guac and a couple of Wednesday special margaritas which were just right.  We thought the chips tasted a little stale though and the small bowl, coupled with distracted waitstaff, became empty quickly.My wife and I split the main dish, which was a special "baked brisket enchilada" recommended by the waitress.  It was huge and definitely more than enough for too, but we didn't care for it. There didn't seem to be much beef in it; it was mostly sauce and cheese. It will be awhile before we go again, and I think we'll stick to the tacos when we do. In summary, lots to like here, but I'd say stick to the basics.
5	After an awful experience at San Antonio's we decided to try Paco's Tacos and Tequila. We have been back three times and each time has been wonderful. The beef brisket tacos are amazing, and the jalapeno infused tequila margarita is the best margarita I have ever had. Everything is fresh, authentic, priced well, and service is great! Thank you for putting this great restaurant in South Park!
4	Great foods and service. Got the pacos taco ( I think that the name) quite spicy... :') the waiter was nice (thanks for the water, really saved my life). Foods could been better, but overall it is still a good mex restaurant to go to.. more Tex then Mex. but still good!
5	YIPEEEEE HALF-PRICED FAJITAS EVERYDAY 4-6! Whoops, I got carried away.  Shall we proceed with the review?  I can't believe I've driven by this place so many times, and missed it's existence.  Tucked away in the back corner of the shopping center featuring William Sonoma and Bricktops, you almost have to know it's there or you could miss it. The service was really friendly, quick, unpretentious, and as soon as we sat down, a bowl of hot crispy chips appeared at our table, with two salsas.  I was THRILLED with my steak and shrimp combo fajitas.  The tortillas are made fresh in house. LOTS of juicy, caramelized peppers and onions, and some kind of butter melted over it for extra decadence. Plenty of toppings and goodies (which is what I love about fajitas!) mean lots of ooey-gooey-drip-down-your-hand-and-arm goodness. Our server also recommended the Paco's Tacos and shrimp tacos, which were also super flavorful.  The brisket is smoked for 6 hours, and extra tender, perfectly seasoned...the shrimp, breaded and fried, and a bit sweet from the cabbage. If I weren't such a fajita fanatic, I would have downed both tacos. Notes: Lots of drink specials.  Manager walked around to check up on us several times. Nice dining room area with booths and TV's...another bar area with LOTS of tequila, and another side section of dark polished wood stools...and an outdoor seating area. Next time we have friends in town, this would be a good place to have a gathering. Bottom Line:  I'm not a connoisseur of Mexican or Tex Mex or whatever Paco Taco is associated with...but it's mighty tasty, and just feels like a comfortable restaurant I'd like to come back to again and again. PS:  Had the fried ice cream...which is good, but what I liked about it was the marshmallow fluff on the side!
3	Paco's is a nice place to hang out and have some decent American style Tex-Mex in a convenient location. Nice atmosphere and you can certainly tell this is a Cantina sibling. For authentic food go to Tacqueria Mexico....
2	Here's an update to my earlier review. As stated before, I really WANT to like this place. However, I lunched there the other day and, sadly, have decided I'm done. The chips and salsa are awesome and my toddler daughter was pleased with her chicken fingers. But my wife and I split the lunch chicken fajitas and they were, to say the least, the weirdest fajitas we've ever had. I'm no Tex-Mex expert, but my experience with fajitas is that they're strips of chicken, onions, and peppers served sizzling on a cast-iron platter.  The vegetables are typically cooked just past the point of tenderness.The fajitas brought to our table consisted of chunks of what appeared to be a small baked breast atop a pile of what appeared to be an overdone pepper/onion mash which was bitter to the taste.  The sides (guac, pico, cheese, lettuce) were excellent though.I'm still a big fan of Frank's Cantina 1511 and Mama Ricotta's but not crazy about Big (Bad) Daddy's though or now, Paco's.
4	This visit brought 9 of us in for dinner, thankfully with reservations! Jordana was a wonderful waitress, very attentive & knowledgeable about the menu & tequila.Tortilla chips - Warm & lightly salted, with not ONE, but TWO salsas! The staple red salsa & my favorite: the verde / tomatillo. Again, Jordana kept the chip bowls filled.My kitty margarita had just the right amount of tequila & "bite" to it & was in a reasonably sized glass.I decided to go with the shake down shrimp taco & gringo beef taco. I'm not a big fan of beans or rice, so thankfully Jordana said I could substitute other sides. I went with the BBQ buttered corn & a double helping of the chipotle citrus slaw.Shake down shrimp taco - lightly breaded & seasoned nicely. The shredded cabbage made a nice compliment, as did the pico de gallo. Due to my overloading on chips, I was unable to finish the beef taco or corn. I took this home to the boyfriend & he loved both. :)Dion L. - resident foodie! :) also wanted us all to try the chimichanga, which was AMAZING! Luckily, 4 of us shared bites of it. It was full of flavor. Dion & I commented that it tasted like something yummy from the fair.The atmosphere was cozy & warm, it didn't necessarily have a "theme" that I could tell, although their were a lot of warm tones of brown & amber. The music was rather interesting...jumping from rock to country every other song. :DOverall, I'm pleased with my trip to Paco's.
3	This is decent tex-mex. I had the "pacos taco's" and they were pretty good. Not a fan of the beans and I love beans. My margarita was ok but they are not generous with the tequila. We were there for lunch and it was not really busy. I could tell from the set up that they probably have a great happy hour.
4	I guess I should start with a review of this restaurant considering it is one of our regular spots.I've had a lot of different things here, may I suggest you use some common sense.  Eat the Paco's Tacos, if a business is going to put their name on a food item you'd imagine it'd be good.  These are some of the best tacos in town.  I mean come on, slow cooked beef? Thanks.The carnitas (pork tips) are good in the respect that they have them on the menu where as most gringo-centric quasi-Mexican restaurants skip the tip.  Really the best carnitas in town are Taqueria Mexico on South Blvd near the Arrowood Rd intersection. The ones at Paco's are good - so try them if you haven't had them before.  You cannot be a respectable Mexican place without delicious pork, it just isn't authentic.Fajitas are good, we'll get combo fajitas as a common take out item and split them, plenty of food for two.  The Guacamole is excellent I just don't like it when it's prepared table-side as someone who has spent a lot of time in the service industry I would NOT enjoy doing that, makes me feel like a shmuck.Only real complaint was that up until recently they didn't have a spicy option, they have homemade habanero salsa but it's not spicy at all.  They added the Green El Yucateca which is one of my favorites, I was going to have to start bringing my own in.The bar is great, they always have something new to try on tap while keeping Shiner Bock available year round.  Tequila selection is excellent.Last and final thought, don't slouch on the salsa verde.. it's better than the red.Oh and by the way I've never had bad service there, like every other restaurant on the planet if it's dinner or lunch rush (ie, you are eating between 11.30am-1.30pm or 7-8pm) it's going to be busy, all the other sheeple had the same idea as you, so order a drink, enjoy some salsa and relax, nobody forgot about you.
5	Authentic Mexican taqueria? Nope! Paco's Tacos is unabashedly Tex-Mex fusion at its best. Shortly after opening, it became our go-to spot in South Park and hasn't fallen from its lofty perch.I honestly haven't had a bad item on the menu, but some of my favorites are the (free!) tomatillo salsa, the Shakedown Shrimp taco and the fajitas. Yes! Fajitas! These aren't your typical chain restaurant fajitas, but ones made with top notch ingredients fried in drawn Mexican butter. Oh, and don't forget about the namesake Paco's Taco, made with spice, tender beef brisket barbecue, that sums up the Tex-Mex fusion philosophy perfectly. And the margaritas are good, especially the tequila infused Firestarter. And the guacamole. And the specials. And they always have a Shiner Bock seasonal on tap. And... OK, you get the idea, right? At Paco's Taco's, it's ALL good!
5	Someone at work told me I should go because they loved it. My husband and I went for dinner and it was delicious.  Their salsa is pretty thick and not really that spicy like I like my salsa to be but it was still good. I ordered the enchiladas de Dennis and it was fantastic.  I forgot the full name of the drink...artic margarita...very good.  My husband got one of the combo plates and he loved it.  The tacos are fabulous and so is there slow cooked beef that he got in his tamale.  The tortilla soup was good but nothing special.  We had great service.  It can get a little pricey depending on what you order, but definitely worth it.
5	Updating my previous review of Paco's Tacos due to an interesting development..As I indicated originally they did not have a real hot sauce option.  Stop the presses!  They have a Ghost Chili sauce now that is.. dare I say.. sweet?!?  Seriously it tastes like dried ghost chilis, reconstituted with vinegar and mixed with honey - there is probably more to it than that but it doesn't matter - all you need to know is this stuff packs some heat.  Seriously, go light on it if you are not used to very spicy food.Also the carnitas have become my new favorite, I'm quite certain they are some of the best in town.  Don't take my word for it though, try 'em.
5	Absolutely amazing Tex-Mex food! I'm a vegetarian and I was blown away by the veggie fajitas -- by far the best I've ever had! I live in NYC and I'd like to come back to NC just for those...
3	We ate here in late Dec.  Food was good, service was excellent, atmosphere enjoyable.  The problem was that we both had real stomach issues the next day.  Has anyone else had a problem?
3	My wife has finally found a place that I will agree to go to when she's craving Mexican food.  I'm usually out on all Mexican food places, I just don't get it... but this place was decent.  I had a fish taco, a BBQ taco, and a ground beef one.  The BBQ one, which I believe was the actual "paco's taco" - was hella good.  The fish one was good too.  The chips were meh, honestly, if they were to make their own, my review goes up a star.
3	My visit to Paco's Tacos was mixed.I was immediately disappointed to learn that they no longer offered the option to "build your own" margarita. I had been looking forward to that after reading about it in a number of reviews.Instead I ordered from their decent list of "specialty" margaritas. I had the Paco's Eldorado on the waitress' recommendation. It was good margarita, but perhaps a bit too sweet for me. In fairness, the waitress said it was one of the sweeter ones and she was right.. For my second drink, I had the Firestarter which has their homemade jalapeno-infused tequila and ginger beer. This drink was really good, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who has a low tolerance for spicy food but I would definitely order it again.For my meal I had the three taco combo.First up was the Paco's Taco, a beef brisket taco "slow roasted chili rubbed beef brisket with caramelized onions and chipotle bbq sauce."  This one had come highly rated from a friend and several of the online reviewers.  Honestly I don't get it.  What I got was a tortilla with a huge lump of dry flavorless meat. I didn't detect any onion or bbq at aall. A huge let down.Next I had the Big River Fish Taco. This was better than the Paco's Taco. The mango salsa was a nice touch. Finally the Shake Down Shrimp Taco. This was by far the best of my three tacos. Nice flavor and the right amount of shrimp.  The shrimp were not as hot as I would have liked but tasty nonetheless.The complementary chips and salsa (both red and verde) were good and the staff did a great job keeping our chip bowl full.  Our waitress was also quite good and checked on us frequently but not so much as to be a nuisance.
3	My love affair with Paco has come to an end. It is not as thrilling as in the early days of a new restaurant. The chips they used to have were light, thin, and they seemed freshly made; I couldn't keep my hands off them. The last time I was there they had the thick corn that was seemed like it was purchased in bulk. In addition, the flavor that once kept me coming back for more, seemed more muted. Granted, the food is still okay and the service is still friendly. Perhaps "it's me, not you."
2	I've eaten here twice and both times the food was much too salty for my taste.
5	One of the BEST Mexican Spots in Charlotte Area....I'll jump right into the salsa of the matter here - the food was great, the service was great, the ambiance was great, the prices were very reasonable...Food:  I ordered the giant monster, burrito, which came stuffed with caramelized onions, bell peppers and red rice, I ordered a mix of chicken and steak as I wanted to sample both of the meats.  The waitress was more than happy to accommodate me in this request.  My date ordered the steak quesadillias.  Both of our entrees were delectable and were served to perfection.  I couldn't imagine what more anyone could want from a giant, monster burrito.  It was loaded with meats, both tender and succulent.  In addition the burrito was accompanied with a scoop of sour cream, pico, and guacamole (at my request) and rice.  My date loved the taste her quesadillas and explained that the skirt steak was juicy and tender.-We ordered the Coastal Calamari as an appetizer.  It too was amazing.  As a calamari lover, there is nothing worse than tough, overcooked calamari.  SO you can imagine my elation when we received a big plate of warm, tender and not overcooked, calamari!  It included two different types of dipping sauce, a red based marinara-type sauce and another white, "mystery sauce" which was also quite tasty.  -The chips and salsa are on par with crack in their addictive powers.  The chips are perfect, served warm, fresh and with a dab of salt.  The salsa is also excellent and taste fresh.  The best part is that they bring you as much of each, as you want.  Service:  Our service was excellent.  I could not have asked for more as far as friendliness and promptness.  When we needed water refilled, they were.  When we needed more chips and salsa, it was there.  When we needed our entrees after a five minute wait, they were there.  Prices:  The prices were very reasonable, $38.69, but I was able to use my City pass coupon and save $10 (see pics).  Not bad for two adults and that includes a Dos XX Amber and an appetizer.  I don't know if Paco's is actually the NUMBER ONE Mexican spot in Charlotte, but it is certainly in the conversation and one would be remiss not to consider Paco's Tacos and Tequila when looking for good Mexican in the Charlotte area.  I'll leave you with two statements: 1. This place is waaaaay better than the new La Paz at the Met. 2. I'll be back here soon.
4	YUM.  Paco's has been on my list for a very long time.  Got to check it out the other day and it lived up to my self-created hype about it!  Tried their queso which was steaming hot (it a good way!).....   went well with their chips and salsa.  Ordered a Calamari Taco and a Paco's Taco and both were delicious.  The tacos come with beans, rice and a slaw salad.  It was a lot of food for a decent price.  I'd like to come back to try their larger specials and margaritas.Service was prompt and friendly.  Waters always refilled and chips and salsa kept coming!  A good experience.
4	This is becoming my favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte.  Great food and service, and always have a good Margarita drink special.
3	David and I finally tried Paco's and I was really excited about checking it out. It was a-ok but didn't knock my socks off. I am not sure why I expected it to be a lot different from Cantina 1511, but on my visit, I didn't see a huge difference.  In fact, I ended up getting the enchiladas de denis which I also order at Cantina. This comes served with red rice and your choice of beans - which for me is always black beans.  It was good, but nothing I haven't had before. If I lived in the neighborhood, this would probably be a place I would come to more often, but since we have a Cantina 1511 in the 28277 area, we'll probably stick to that instead.
5	We had a great time at Paco's Tacos on Cinco De Mayo! Since I knew they would be really busy that night I made a reservation on Open Table so when we arrived our table was ready! Our server Aaron was awesome, friendly and attentive. It was really busy but he still took the time to make recommendations on food and tequila choices.We all had tacos. The Paco's Taco was amazing and they have a huge tequila menu.   Fun, lively atmosphere.  The staff is great at making sure your needs are met. We will be back for more!
3	I was very excited to try out another of Frank Scibelli's concepts. I've been a longterm fan of Bad Daddy's and Midwood Smokehouse. I had heard good things about the tortillas and their specials. Glad we finally got this concept in the books! Tucked behind the Williams Sonoma on Morrison, it's a secluded location that comes alive for a BIG dinner crowd. Plenty of parking in the lot and other lots surrounding the shopping center. Our visit was for dinner recently. We had tried other nights but the way can be rather overwhelming. We made it in for an 8pm dinner. Service was great. Seated quickly, given a good rundown of the menu and recommended a few margaritas for us to try. We obliged and tried the original marg and a mango-infused marg. Sad to say, I was rather unimpressed with the mix. I'm not much of a margaritas goer, but the balance was wrong and seemed to be thrown together rather fast without much consideration for taste. I was a little disappointed since it was a bit of a slower night in the dining room(s) and the bar. On to the meal...Chips are great. Light, lightly salted and served with an array of salsas. The standard red salsa has a twinge of heat and an smoke to the flavor. The tomatillo is freaking great. Uhh...I think I put it on everything but my margarita. Definitely worth the tomatillo alone. Entrees: My wife, as many know, is a vegetarian. The menu actually reads "Ask about our vegetarian options." Sadly, there aren't actual "options." Our server pointed to a few regular items that can be made sans meat. She ordered the Gringo Nachos. The only options listed on the menu are chicken, ground beef or brisket. Her order only came with the standard veggies. Rather underwhelming and definitely screaming for some more cheese. I ordered the standard Paco's Tacos. An order of two that comes with rice and beans. The rice was pretty standard and a welcome accompaniment to my tacos. The beans, however, are a "charro" style recipe. Can't say that I'm a fan. Very burnt flavor and lacking in welcoming texture. With a generous helping of the tomatillo salsa, they were in the clear! The tacos were GREAT. Love the tortillas. Made in-house, and boy does it show. Warm, chewy and perfect floury taste. I could 5 with just the tomatillo salsa. The brisket is worth a try. Never had it on tacos before, but I would definitely order it again. Seasoned well and paired nicely with the other taco accouterment. Price is rather fair. No complaints in that department. I'd say there are a few things that could have been done a bit better, but we'll definitely be back to try some other options. Looking forward to those warm tortillas again soon! Thanks, Frank Scibelli for another option in the Queen City!
4	Went there last Saturday night with my wife and daughter.  There was about a 20 minute wait.  The server brought the chips and salsa right away. The tomatillo salsa was very good. The service throughout the meal was excellent. The water glasses were constantly filled and the server came by about four times.  The hostess also stopped by. I shared the steak fajitas with my daughter and the meat was cooked just right and the vegetables were good too   My wife had the carnitas and was happy with her meal.  Overall, it was an enjoyable evening and we will return. Not to leave out that the value was good too.
5	I really like this place. It's a Mexican restaurant for Americans. What I mean by that is the food is not too complicated, yet completely delicious and a great place to go when you're looking to fill a "chips and salsa" void. I've been here at least five times and I haven't yet been disappointed. It's a great place for a group of young people looking to have a good time and drink margaritas ... as well as a great place for a family with small children. It accommodates just about anyone ... young or old. And that's why I like it. Before I dined at Paco's Tacos I thought it was a "dive type place" with cheap Mexican food. The name kind of led me to think that. Well, once I finally went to Paco's I discovered it's just the opposite. It's not a little "Mom and Pop" place, nor is it a dive restaurant. Paco's is not super cheap but also not crazy expensive. It's a little more upscale than the majority of Mexican restaurants in the Charlotte area. With that said, if you're looking for fancy, there are a few nicer upscale "Spanish influenced/Mexican restaurants" in the Charlotte area.Anyway, as far as Paco's Tacos goes this place is yummy. They give you chips and salsa like all Mexican restaurants and are great with refilling both as needed. There salsa is chunky and slightly spicy and really gets your taste buds going. The past few times I've been there I've ordered the Taco's. You can get two or three it's up to you and the options are endless. They give you the choice of house made flour tortillas, house made wheat tortillas, low carb tortillas, crispy yellow tacos or soft corn tortillas. "I like the crispy tacos". Normally when I'm going to Paco's I'm craving Americanized Mexican food and this place is perfect for that. When I'm craving more complicated Spanish influenced food I go somewhere else ... but that's another review.Your taco meal is served with red rice and citrus chipotle slaw and your choice of charro, black or refried beans. I really like both the black and refried beans.I normally get two tacos but my three favorite to choose from are the:GRINGO BEEF TacoSeasoned ground beef, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and mixed cheeses. "Very all American"PACO'S TACO - a slightly spicy Beef Brisket Taco. Before you get it the chili rubbed beef brisket is slow roasted for 6 hours with caramelized onionsand chipotle bbq sauce. YUM!or the:WOOD GRILLED CHICKENOnions and bell peppers, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and mixed cheeses "This one just tastes fresh and delicious" I've had a ton of other things at Paco's but I keep coming back to these three taco choices. They're just YUMMY!If you're looking for a drink and aren't sure what to get their margaritas are perfect. I'm pretty simple when it comes to drinks so I go with a traditional margarita on the rocks with salt. Try it you won't be sorry. If you're looking for a starter while waiting for your entree go with this one: UNHOLY GUACAMOLE 9Yum ... and the best part is it's made fresh at your table. Honestly you can't go wrong if you stick with the Mexican staples. The food won't disappoint and the ambiance is great for just about anyone. Enjoy!
4	Excellent fajitas, queso, and pacos tacos. Good prices. Good atmosphere. Great service. Highly recommend.
4	I can't believe that I didn't know this place existed. If it hadn't been for Angie setting up a UYE here, I'd have been living in blissful ignorance. Instead, I now have to feed Paco's Tacos to the giant taco-craving monkey on my back! Thanks, Angie. Thanks a lot! All kidding aside, these are amazingly good tacos.I popped in for a late dinner and found all the tables filled and a half hour wait. I grabbed an empty seat at the bar instead. No worries, they have the full menu here as well and I think even better service than at tables. I started off with the day's special drink, an "Arctic Cadillac Margarita" that arrived in a bright blue color. Strange, but oh so yummy! While that was quenching my thirst, a basket of chips and two bowls of salsa arrived. Now I know that the chips are important and so many Mexican style places screw this up. Not Paco's. Crisp, slightly salty and not even a little bit stale. Excellent.For dinner, I had the three taco plate. This was probably a mistake. Chips and salsa, rice,beans, a big Margarita and a Corona when the drink ran out didn't leave nearly enough room. Don't worry your pretty little head - I still managed to clean my plate but omg, my poor tummy.First, the brisket taco. Five stars! Second, the calamari taco. Five stars. Third, the shredded chicken taco. Meh. The rice was nice and fluffy. The beans were plenty hot and tasty. But that last taco really let the side down. Not that there was anything wrong with it. I think the first two were just so totally Bueno that it let down the side.So next time, I'll still have the Margarita and I'll still eat the chips and salsa. But I'll stop with just two tacos and I know I'll be perfectly happy!
3	Excellent margarita, chips and salsa, but wouldn't go back for the food.  Our server, Ashely was great and the manager came by when she heard we were disappointed with the food and offered us something else.  As we weren't hungry we didn't take her up on her offer but appreciated that she came by.  It's very noisy in this restaurant, but if you're just looking for a drink and chips and salsa, go here.  We will return when we stay at the Marriott again, but will not order food.
3	This restaurant is a little hidden so just be aware that it is in the back of the shopping area. I enjoyed both the green and red salsas and split a pitches of margaritas with my group- which oddly our server did not recommend to do. He said the pitches makes the margaritas get a little too watery- which I think could be fixed by not filling it so high with ice and having glasses full of ice to pour into. Overall it was a great drink $35 for a pitcher of house margaritas which had about seven pours. Let me just say. This brisket is banging. I also has the charro beans which despite being cooked with bacon were nothing to write home about. Get the brisket. Prices are also pretty fair considering its Southpark and all.
4	Pack Taco Beef Brisket is a must! Drinks are very good too!! Went back later in the week for Restaurant Week. Again, the menu didn't let me down. Drinks are ridiculous.
5	I can't even think of an adjective to describe how yummy Paco's is!  I ordered the 2 taco combo and the shrimp and chicken were equally delicious.  All of the food was so FRESH! The portions were huge and our server was so attentive and nice.  And their margaritas? I could have stayed in my booth all day drinking their margaritas and eating the chips and salsa.  DEFINITELY give this place a try - I cannot wait to go back!
5	Awesome tacos and the made-at-the-table guacamole was delicious.
4	After my 3rd visit, I figure I owe this place a review. I originally discovered this place one Sunday afternoon while in search of a bad-ass margarita. Winner Winner Chicken Dinner! The cocktail list, or rather, Margarita list is awesome. I usually don't care for new twists on classic cocktails, but these guys got it right. I suggest the "Firestarter" a vodka martini w/ fresh muddled Jalapenos, it's aptly named. And their newest addition, "the Ruslty El Camino" which is essentially a classic margarita w/ blood orange puree. Their tacos are awesome, even if you don't eat meat: check out their whitefish taco, or their calamari taco, they both rock. Bonus points: I took a vegan, and there were numerous options, all of which she enjoyed. It's hidden in South Park, so I've never had to wait for a table, and they play great music: lots of Wilco, Johnny Cash, and even a little Drive By Truckers. Great, now I'm hungry.
4	We came on a Friday night and the place was quite busy.  We sat at the bar and had a margarita.  I tried the Artic Margarita which is an $8 special on Friday nights (usually $12).  That's nice it's a special for $8 because I really don't think any mixed drink is worth $12 - unless it straight up. The Artic Margarita is good.  I also had the watermelon margarita with a muddled jalapeno. One of the guys had the really peppery margarita which in a way was good but you'd better like spicy.I have to agree with the rest of the reviewers - the chips are the best!  and the red and green salsa are great as well.  I went for the 2 taco dish ($10 - can't beat that).  I ordered the grilled white fish taco and the skirt steak taco.  Plenty of food and delicious.  Everything looks and tastes fresh.  Everyone at the table really enjoyed their meal.I did notice that there was a kids menu, so we will definetly be coming back with the kids as well.One thing I did notice was that the bar scene didn't seem very active.  We left about 9:45p on a Friday night and the place was empty.  Seemed that people just come to eat.  Though they have an extensive margarita menu and a full bar.
5	Always hit this place at least once when I'm in Charlotte.  Very good food  in a laid back atmosphere.  Very friendly staff and great bartenders.
4	Great food!!  Would definitely go their again.
4	Brisket tacos - not to be missed. El Dorado Margarita is fresh and tasty. The only downside to Paco's is that it's pricey. It's worth it once in a while, but can't be an every week kind of a place. It's hard to find - behind Williams Sonoma in the shopping center across from South Park Mall. LOVE this place - feels like Austin, TX at a tacky BBQ joint but has great mexican food.
4	Great place for a family outing. Good food, and the margaritas are out of this world! Hands down, our favorite Mexican place in Charlotte.
3	So we decided to venture out of our box and decide to give Paco's Tacos a try. We are very loyal to a certain Mexican joint in Indian Trail and we never cheat on them. However we had been given a gift card to Paco's Tacos and we couldn't allow it to go to waste. We showed up on a Saturday night at 7:30 and had to wait about 20 minutes. Not bad for a Saturday. The place was crowded and loud but the chips an salsa eased my pain. They were very tasty, almost to tasty if you know what I mean. The only disappointment was the Salsa was a bit to hot for my 2 little ones and they didn't have anything milder. Bummer for my kids and bummer for me because I had to listen to them complain. On the recommendation of our waiter, who looked like Dale Earnhardt JR. BTW, we should mix and match the tacos. I had the fried Fish Taco and the Beef Brisket Taco. The fried fish was very good, light , crispy and well seasoned. It gets an A+ in my book. The Beef Brisket was pretty bad. It tasted like Pot Roast. Even my Husband agreed with me and that NEVER happens. The taco had no Mexican flavors whatsoever unfortunately. It truly tasted like a bland Pot Roast. With the Tacos came rice (I've had better) and these beans that were called Churro Beans. OMG, they were very DELISH!!!! Pinto Beans with raw onion, bacon and some wonderful Latin spices. I could have eaten a HUGE bowl of them and left very happy. My Husband had the Calamari taco and the Shrimp taco. Both were good. I will probably stick with the Fish Tacos in the future. All in all ,Pacos Tacos is OK not great, IMO. I will most likely give it another try. Maybe for lunch next time around.
5	My favorite place to eat. Staff is always good and the tacos are creative and delicious. I love the nacho and chicken appetizer and the 3 taco meal. This review us actually making me hungry!
4	Good, inexpensive Tex-Mex food. Nothing really outstanding, but a fun place to go.
5	I love this place! Came here with my family at lunch, and the service was great once we told them it was out first time.The fajita's were on par with the best I've ever had. Chips and Salsa are better than Cantina 1511.The serving size was generous, and one could share the fajita's easily. Good vareity as well for vegatarians.
5	I decided to try something different tonight and ventured out to try this place. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I ordered the white fish tacos which were absolutely delicious! Compared to most Tex Mex places its a little more expensive with slightly smaller portions. I will most definitely go back to this place.
5	I'm not usually a fan of Tex-Mex, but their Taco's here are fantastic.  As busy as it was, we were seated quickly, had great service, and delicious food.  The shrimp tacos there are particularly tasty.
2	Mediocre. Had 3 tacos for lunch...Paco, Country Fried and Fish. I've been mouthfarting ever since. Hopefully it stops soon. In all fairness, it's my fault for ordering fish, country fried steak and taco meat. Who does that?!
4	Well, Charlotte's access to Tequila certainly does NOT suck! I wrote a Guide to Tequila last year for a magazine, and got great help at Paco's. We received tremendous service, despite the place being typically jam-packed on weekends. The tacos are always good, though I have seen some limpid side salads here every so often...
4	We went here for lunch.  I've been here a few times now.  I usually order a burrito, but I don't reallty like the sauce they put on top of them and I always feel so full and tired when I got back to work afterwards.  Yesterday, I went with fish tacos and they were really good!  Homemade tortilla which tastes great and the taco itself was delicious.  It comes with a side of rice and beans.  I got the black beans.  These were both meh.It's a good place to go if you work in Southpark for lunch-they are really quick about getting you taken care of for a quick bite.
4	Love this place.  My favorite taco place in Charlotte.  My GF and go here at least twice a month.Get the brisket, it's da bomb
2	I was just not impressed at all by this restaurant. I went a few weeks ago and I'm not sure why I had such high hopes for it but meh.  I had the steak fajitas and they were average not bad, just not exciting, and the vegetables were mush. The person I was with got a chimichanga  and it was really dry and tasteless. The tortilla chips were good and the salsa was really good! It had a decent heat and flavor to it and the chips seemed fresh. The main reason I give it 2 and not 3 stars is because this place prides itself on it's tequila selection and it's "oh so delicious" margaritas.  I'm here to tell you they were not good.  The house margarita which was on special was pure sour mix and it wasn't a good sour mix either.  I had a different margarita (can't remember the name but it was the one with grand marnier), and again it just wasn't good.  My uncle makes an amazing margarita with grand marnier and this definitely did not compare (maybe I'm biased).  I was also disappointed not to see any real Sangria choices as I prefer that to margaritas when out and the wine prices are jacked up beyond belief  (I saw a few choices that they were charges by the glass the same price as you could get the entire bottle for at the store). I realize that some raising of the prices is needed to make a profit but $12 for a glass of wine that you can by the entire bottle for the same price?? Yeah I'm not buying that one!! Needless to say I will probably give this place a second shot and update my review but currently not a fan!
5	My lovely wife has never before had a fish taco and after hearing me tell her over and over again that it wasn't what she though it was, and that she would really enjoy it, she finally relented. And yep, she loved it. So much so that she now wants to go back to Paco's almost immediately.Service was very good - we let Shauna pick our tacos for us, as long as there was at least one fish taco on each plate. Good move! She asked some questions about our preferences for spiciness and allergies and got it taken care of.Yep, we'll go back!
4	Admittedly, I went for the tequila selection and did not feed, but when it comes to their tequila selection and quality, I would definitely put them at or near the top of the list of area establishments.  Next time I'll try the food...I hear that their fish tacos are great!
3	Good sangria. Food mediocre. Food - I was able to finally gotten around to this place. Heard good things from the hubby. I had ordered the "Dennis Enchiladas," and was let down by the dry meat, dried rice, and it was not satisfying.  The only thing that made me happy was the delicious red sangria.Price - it was not that bad, the price was decent, especially when you get a large portion of food on your plate (that I was not expecting - suddenly, I felt full).Service - We had a kind waitress that was attentive.The Tex-Mex food was alright and nothing to rave about. As a native Houstonian, I was disappointed. Ah well.
2	This is my second time here after not having a good first experience & giving a huge amount of time away from the moment to come back again to give it another try. First time was a hair in the food. Which I have to say they took off of the menu (Ceviche apt.) This time just didn't do anything to make me go back again. I would rather go to an On The Border. Nice bar selection, but it doesn't make a difference if the bartender can't make a drink. We sent back our drinks 2 times & then I just gave up. Food wasn't anything special either. The quesadilla that should have chicken in it was mostly just filled with cheese. Hubby ordered the beef beef brisket. It was way to salty & cold. I had the fajitas which were tasty. The one great thing is the salsas they offer. Great flavor & heat! Unfortunately it's not enough for me to return.I think this place gets such a high rating for it being in South Park. No Thanks!
4	Yes I am definitely a fan...a place to experience a little of mexico.
4	I love this place.  It's a regular stop for my co-workers and I during the week.  I normally get one of the enchilada meals but last week decided to try the Taco Salad and it was amazing!!!
4	Food was good, service was good.  Glad we made the reservation.  There was a 45 minute wait but we walked right in and sat right down.  Nice Job Paco's Tacos!!
4	I love this restaurant!  The atmosphere is fun and the service is awesome.  I like how the Chef takes pride in his food and features new dishes and specials that aren't on the menu.  The firestarter margarita is AMAZING-infused tequila topped  with a jalepeno garnish.  They give you options for a variety of beans, rice and have the whole wheat tortilla available.  Great place for an all around great experience!
4	Love. Great food, creative drinks, good service. I've been a few times and always tried something new. Everything is good, so try anything you want. Their sangria is also to die for. They have quite a bit of parking, but be aware to make a reservation because it gets crowded very fast. They have limited bar space, so if you're going for just a drink be aware you might have to sit at a table, not like that matters.
4	Had a wonderful dinner here tonight with about 18 of my work colleagues. Food was great and service was excellent. I had the signature paco tacos with charro beans. Very tasty!  One of our group was celebrating his birthday and the server even took a sombrero off the wall at our request, crowned him with it and we all sang Happy Birthday. As you can expect on a Saturday night the place was packed. Super energy. Lots of fun.
2	Boring. The waitress bored us with her lack of interest. This is my 3rd visit and the thrill has gone. Next time I will save the money and hit the drive up at Taco Bell. I am sorry I bothered to ask for more tea. I know you we're busy texting or smoking or discussing what you did last night. I won't bother you again.
5	Ive been here a number of times now and can safely say its one of my favorite tex mex restaurants in town. To me its Mexican with a texas kick. its not your traditional Mexican menu. I like that! Mixed drinks are great, Ive tried a couple and im not a mixed drink kinda guy. but ill do it here.I don't know why manzettis (if that's how you spell it) didn't make it. the layout of this place is perfect in my book. Staff is very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. if they tell you its good it is.
4	We arrived at 6:30 and was told 25-30 minutes so we ventured to the bar, where chips and salsa were brought to us immediately. The chips were light, warm, and fresh with a great salsa, and the margarita's were awesome. After about 40 minutes I checked with the hostess and we were the next table to be called. However, the wait time was over one hour and fourth-five minutes, the place was packed! We are the Paco's tacos which were great & a combination of a shrimp and chicken taco. The Paco's tacos were awesome, and the chicken was good, however, I'd pass on the shrimp next time. The sides, cole slaw, rice and beans were all good. We will definitely be back!
4	Strolling thru the South Park are we stumbled upon Paco's.  We were greeted by a friendly smiling hostess and shown to a table right away, even though it was Sunday brunch time.  There is limited outside seating but  it was raining today.  The menu is straight Tex-Mex with a slight twist of interchanging ingredients.  The ambiance is very casual and there is a long bar with TVs every where.We ordered guacamole prepared table side, but it never came so I can't review.  The chips were the thin kind, lightly salted and fresh with a red salsa  that was mild in heat but had a fresh lime finish.  We ordered tacos: I had soft flour tortillas filled with slow cooked brisket and the other of fried fish.  Both were tender but lacked any pizazz!  My sweetie ordered one steak and one turkey club carnita taco.  She loved them both and thought they were seasoned well.  The tacos come with a choice of three differently prepared beans; we chose the charro style which were tender and nicely seasoned.  A citrus chipotle slaw comes with it too but it was very bland and mild.  I did like the addition of radishes though.Our server was very knowledgable, and friendly.I would recommend Paco's for a casual quick bite or to hang with friends.
4	I may be mistaken but I think these are the same people that used to own Cantina  1511 before they jacked up the prices and the quality went downhill.Regardless, I really like this place. It is in a great location tucked behind South Park Mall so people from all areas south of 277 can get to it with ease.I don't really tend to notice ambiance unless it is for a date or there is something special. However, there is something (which I can't put my finger on) that personally put me at ease here.The food is mid-range priced Tex-Mex but high quality taste. Even the chips are noticibly better than other Tex-Mex restaurants. The complimentary salsa has a bit more kick than most. It is tasty but be forewarned.I tend to always end up gravitating to the tacos and depending on appetite, and how many free chips I've consumed, I can order two or three (I can always take home that third).They have some pretty unique taco options and what is great is that you can mix and match. I have not tried a bad one yet. Although I am still working my way down the menu ;-)Also, if you are here with your friends, be festive and grab one of their signature margaritas. They are delicious!
3	We came here for a Saturday lunch and were seated right away.  The booths are comfortable and the waiter was helpful and attentive.  Maybe it's because I now see this place is "Tex Mex," but there was loud country music playing.  I like country, but this was very hillbilly country.The food was excellent.  I opted for one of the combos and got a chicken quesadilla with the small chopped salad.  Both items were good although I think if I went back I would just get the chopped salad since it was so yummy.  My family enjoyed the quesadillas and tacos as well.
4	I heard about this place at Triple C on Cinco de Mayo and figured that was just as good as a day as any to give it a go... Super glad that I did... Clearly, as it was May 5th, the place was slammed... The upside to this being a solo mission?  No waiting for a table... I just pulled up to the bar and perused the snazzy menu... I met a nice guy named Joe who told me that the shrimp tacos were really good... I wasn't really all that hungry because of the ridiculously tasty and filling brunch I'd just had at Vida, so I didn't want a whole big platter... I noticed that they do a singular taco option, though!  Perfect... :)  The couple beside me (in from Greensboro and completely sweet) also heard Joe recommend the shrimp tacos and echoed his endorsement... I figured I'd give it a go, then... I decided on the broccoli with queso and one shrimp taco...They're called the Shake Down Shrimp and I'm not really sure why, but who cares at this point?  They were amazing... They apparently make their own tortillas and that was a tasty base, the fillings are fried shrimp, shredded cabbage, pico de gallo, cilantro, chipotle ranch and Cholula (hot sauce)... Now, I just started to eat shrimp, but I am still a no-go on ranch, so I had mine without the sauce... I guess that would have cooled down the spiciness of the dish, but I was loving the heat factor...  The herbs, cabbage and pico all tasted fresh and delightful... The cabbage had a really nice crunch... The broccoli, you know, tasted like broccoli... That queso was insane, though... A total blanket of cheesiness with a minute fiery kick... The bartenders were attentive and friendly... Even while they were slammed with all the people surrounding the bar and filling the restaurant's orders... I can't wait to go back and actually enjoy sitting down in this place for a while... There's something called a Firestarter margarita (with jalapeno infused tequila) that has my name on it...
4	Wait staff was friendly, we were served very quickly and the menu/drink specials were explained well to us. Had a great margarita deal on Thursdays. Margaritas were good, a little sour so drinking more than one is hard but good for the first one. Love how you are able to mix the tacos, I tried the wood grilled chicken, shrimp, and calamari and all three were delicious, and I had a few leftovers.
5	Had business lunch here today and I absolutely loved it. The place was tucked away and not super loud, decor was cool, staff was attentive and friendly.  Best of all the food was great, my turkey taco was amazing, the server recommended the brisket taco which was good...But I could have ate three more of the turkey taco's.  The guacamole was way better than average.  Think I find my new favorite Mexican place.
2	Paco's does quite pack enough punch for my taste.  Due to location, it's incredibly popular, and there's usually a wait for tables.  No worries - you can put your name on the list and grab a seat at the bar while you wait to be called.  Oddly enough, when I asked for one of the buzzers to notify me when our table was ready, I was told that its range was really bad and it might not go off, even though the bar was 6 feet away.  Luckily, the anticipated 45-50 minute wait was cut to only ~30 minutes, and we grabbed the pitcher of blood orange margaritas to drink at our table.   While our server and service was fine, I unfortunately found the food to be unremarkable, with the free chips & salsa being the best thing all night (although Ben mentions the tomatillo salsa, we only received the smokey red one).   We started with the table side guacamole, and while it was heartily devoured, it lacked much heat or flavor outside fresh avocado.  I ordered three tacos and tried the chicken, skirt steak, and ground beef options.  On the plus side, with three tacos, rice, and my choice of charro, refried, or black beans, there was more than enough food; on the con side, none of it was overly remarkable... in fact, there wasn't much to remember on any part of my plate.  Of all the Frank Scibelli's restaurants, Paco's proves to be my least favorite.  I've tried it twice and have been underwhelmed both times.  Maybe third time's the charm, but with all the other great eateries around town, I don't know if I'll give Paco's a final chance to wow.
1	I met up with my friend and her coworkers. They had been here on the patio but I am the late worker.  Apparently I have walked straight into a nightmare. No one greeted me, even thought there were plenty of servers walking by. Yes, the rest of the table looked pretty "done" but shouldn't the server know that there's a new person here? Say hi, ask if I want anything, pretend you care. When I finally had a server, I asked what is their drink specials, and her response was "I don't think I can serve you."  WHAT??  She offered me a water. Turned out they have denied service to the entire table because they have a one drink an hour limit. WHAT?? Mind you I was with people who just got off work, including a CFO of the company.  We were not some youngins making troubles. Plus, I just got there, obviously haven't had any drink. We left shortly after, still baffled. Which restaurant doesn't serve their patrons? I guess one that doesn't want any business.
5	Was visiting my sister and we stopped here for dinnerThe tacos here were really spot on and affordable and the guac was delicious, not as good as LA but for Charlotte it's a pretty darn good spot for tasty and affordable mexican fare
5	Visited Paco's last week with my family. The service was great from the time we walked in the door. Add to that great food and margaritas and you have a wonderful Mexican restaurant.
5	If you haven't yet discovered Paco's Tacos & Tequila in SouthPark run to the nearest mirror, take a good look, and then punch yourself in the face for missing out because seriously you are sucking at life. After your recovery jump in your car and get over there! Paco's Tacos is EVERYTHING. The rice, the beans, the enchiladas al denis, it's just too much for words right now as I'm having some sort of food flashback but trust me you need to get there. I like to go on a Sunday and sit outside with my shades on to complete my recovery from Saturday night.
4	Not many bad things to say- chips weren't hot and needed a little salt but main dish was amazing.You have the choice of whole wheat or white flour, crunchy, or low carb tortillas. I got one pacos taco (beef brisket, queso fresco, cabbage, caramelized onions & cilantro) and a turkey club carnitas taco (shredded turkey, avocado, lettuce, jalapeno bacon, tomato, avocado ranch )both on whole wheat tortillas- the turkey was UNbelievable. Came with choice of charro beans (pintos cooked with brisket and bacon), black, or refried and a side of rice and slaw. Pretty big crowd for a Tuesday night, would recommend getting there before 6 on a weekday, and earlier on a weekend.
4	Paco's is pretty good, but not great. The chips and salsa are incredible, but they were more flavorful than the tacos that I had. My wife had the chimichanga, which was average. The chips and salsa as well as the drinks will bring me back here, but I might skip the tacos next time.
2	Being new to the Charlotte area I was excited to try a new place for Happy Hour/early dinner in the Southpark area. Disappointed is an understatement. We arrived about 515pm, the place was dead, and it took a solid 20 minutes to get our drinks and chips/salsa. There were 5 in our party, all of us had cocktails. Anyone who thinks the guacamole is good has never been to an authentic restaurant. It is a novel idea to have it made at your table, but it has zero taste. Our server was rude, slow and snapped her fingers when we needed water refills. Our chip bowl was always empty and any request from extra napkins to a cocktail re-order seemed to be a huge inconvenience to our server. The queso dip was good, but at 9 dollars, way overpriced. I ordered the 3 taco meal; the turkey and bacon taco was verry salty, and I LOVE salt; the beef taco and chicken taco were ok and you could tell the entire meal had been sitting under a heat lamp for 20 minutes. The refried beans were delish and the highlight of my dining entire experience. The beans, fresh drinks (although pricey) and location get it 2 stars. I doubt I will go back.
5	Can not give enough kudos to Pacos Tacos and Tequila. I thought we would never come across a decent tex mex in Charlotte. Yay! The Holy Guacamole done at tableside is perfection. They put just the right amount of salt and lime to get your mouth watering for one of their great margaritas and don't be afraid of going all in on the chili. It's a nice compliment to the avacado and not very spicy at all. We also tried the tortilla soup which was made in a nice light broth and chicken burrito that could have been shared by two men with big appetites and completely satisfied them. Overall the food was outstanding for Tex Mex and the price was great.  Our server was very friendly and the food came out right when we wanted it to. We also really enjoyed the setting. For me the only thing that could have made it better would be some Chili Rellenos on the menu, but other than that I was a happy camper. There has been a lot of thought put into the upfit of the restaurant space. We were seated in the back of the restaurant which has a great decor and nice natural lighting coming through its roof which is plastered with skylights. We all agreed this will become one of our regular Charlotte haunts. Thanks Pacos!
3	Food is good and get alot of it, I did love the re fried beans that they serve. Two taco plate will fill you up for sure. Serves was slow but it was a Friday and place was busy when we first got there, but then sorta emptied after that first dinner rush. Best part of the whole experience was a young man that worked there Jeffery was so nice and really took to talking to our daughter. But just watching him he seemed to work so much harder then the rest of the staff and I hope he gets rewarded for the way he treats customers and his customer service.
4	I was in Charlotte for my family reunion. I had told my cousins that we had to try this place. It was good, but not is good as I expected.We order calamari and queso for appetizers, both were delicious.I ordered the combination platter where you choose 1 quesadilla, 1 taco and 1 enchilada. I had the chicken quesadilla. It was just okay. I chose the calamari taco. That was quite delicious. The enchilada I chose was the chicken and spinach. It would have been good if they didn't use american cheese. American cheese is absolutely disgusting.The pomegranate margarita I chose for my drink was delicious.
4	This is around the corner from my house so I should come here more often, but for some reason it wasn't until recently that I checked it out.I like that it is part of the dining rewards program so I get Delta miles for my purchases.They have a decent selection of Mexican and Texas beers.  My friends were enjoying the build your own margaritas.I had the ground beef tacos and they were good.  I will be back.
3	I really enjoyed the calamari taco and brisket taco.The salsa was way too salty :( sadly. The plate came with a choice of 2tacos rice beans and cole slaw. I got rice only and my cousin did substitute the slaw for another side she picked the butter corn which was also good. We were a party of 4 and went on a Thursday night with no wait at 8.
5	Always great service and always great food. Been here a few times and I'm always impressed. I usually get the 3 tacos and can never finish the third.
2	I came here for lunch with work for the first time last week. The place was packed and the inside looked pretty fun, so I was expecting everything to be amazing.Nothing here was bad, just lackluster. In the restaurant's defense, I ordered a salad... which I guess is pretty boring most places, but I think it's a restaurant's time to shine. Anyway, I ordered the Chopped Salad, which is vegetarian EXCEPT for the dressing. So I substituted the Chipolte Bacon Ranch for the Honey Cilantro Lime dressing. Otherwise the salad was good, just boring and VERY skimpy on the toppings.Highlight of my experience? The chips and salsa were good! Even though the place was slammed, we did have really great, quick service. Well, except for my friend asked for no sour cream on his salad and it was there anyway.. but that's a kitchen problem I suppose.I would be willing to try Paco's again, but can't say I'm terribly thrilled to do so at this point.
4	Excellent Tex-Mex. Fantastic brisket. Some very creative options on the menu. Good top-shelf margarita too!  As a solo diner from out of town, the staff made me feel welcome. Excellent service on all three of my visits.
4	Good food, our favorite so far in Charlotte,  nothing fancy just really good food.
5	This is one of our favorite places to eat in Charlotte. My BF LOVES (yes...an all CAPS kind of feeling) the Pacos Taco. I usually switch it up and try something different all the time. I've never had anything I didn't like. One thing I get every time is the El Dorado Margarita on the rocks...I'm not a huge Margarita fan, but this one is tasty!!The service is usually pretty awesome...the chips/salsa are fresh and we have a hard time not filling up on those and the queso (white cheese) that we always order. We are definite fans of this place and go at least 3 times a month.
3	The few times I've been to Paco's, I have found the food to be underwhelming (it's not the best Tex Mex I've ever had, but it's not the worst, and it usually leaves me full and bringing home leftovers). I've had a wide variety of meals at Paco's, and it has always been the company and the margaritas that keeps me coming back, not really the food. The first time I went to Paco's, I got a taco platter, and while they were good, they weren't stand out or spectacular. I've also tried the enchiladas, but my issue with those is I'm more of an authentic kind of gal, and enchies (a very technical and affectionate term for enchiladas) made with sour cream chicken,  or topped with chili gravy don't really wow me (plus they were drowning in sauce, which after bite three made them soggy). My friend can't say enough nice things about Paco's salads (she loves the chopped salad and the Paco's salad), but the one time I went the salad route the veggies didn't seem fresh and the honey cilantro lime dressing was overpowering, and I was disappointed yet again. Yet, I could never write Paco's off (my friends loyally go and say I will find something I like), so I keep giving them more chances. A few weeks ago I was happy I didn't give up on Paco's.By far the star of the show at Paco's is the fajitas. As I was browsing the menu to try something new yet again (my fallback was going to be to branch out at get some tacos I'd never tried) I stumbled upon the fajita platters tucked in the first page of their new menu. Paco's delivered on steak fajitas, and I was thrilled. The steak was seared to my liking and super tender. It looked beautiful; there were ample grill marks and it was simple and straightforward, which allowed its smoky flavor to shine. An abundance of vegetables accompanied the steak on the sizzling platter, and the peppers and onions melted in my mouth and burst with flavor on each bite. I tucked my precious steak and veggies into piping hot, soft flour tortillas, and topped them with traditional fixings (beans, cheese, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and sour cream) before gorging myself.Read the full review here: http://offtheeatenpathblog.com/2013/08/07/pacos-tacos-and-tequilla/
2	This review is based solely on food and experience. I did not get to partake of any tequilas or margaritas, but I was not looking to drink alcohol on this lunch occassion.To start with, we ordered some chili con queso. Our server then prompted us, "do you want the white queso, or the chili con queso?". Only the chili con queso is listed in the menu, so I had to ask about the white queso. $5 gets you a small bowl of Velveeta product with some rotel in it. Something you can easily make at home. For lunch we ordered a chicken quesadilla (for my partner) and I ordered the chopped salad. Once again, we were prompted with an option that is not listed in the menu- "would you like the small salad, or the large salad?" Our server had a hard time explaining the difference in size, but eventually she got it out. I'm glad I got the small size, but if you want the small size and you want to add chicken to it like I did, be prepared for a $11 salad. The dressing was tossed in with the salad, but I wish I'd asked for it on the side, because I was underwhelmed with the overall flavor of the salad as a whole. The chicken appeared to be pounded out flat, and was dry. Nothing special here.While we were waiting on our food, I took a look around at some other plates...Now, I get that the tacos are what they're known for, but $11 for two tacos is just absurd in my mind. I am a taco afficianado, and the ones that i saw on other plates just didn't look all that great. Best way to serve a taco is simply corn tortilla, meat, onions, and cilantro. Authentic, and less than $2 at a true mexican restaurant. I get that it's tex mex, but if you're out for authenticity, Paco's Taco's is not the place to go. Venture on to South Blvd, or Eastway if you want the real deal.... you could feed four people for the price of two here.
5	I'm from Houston, TX and have been trying to find a good Mexican restaurant for almost two years. So glad I found this place! We got fajitas, queso, and guacamole. Delicious! It's expensive but most good Mexican food is.
4	I've eaten here several times usually the service and food is great, not this time. We walked in and stood there there and no one greeted us for at least 5 minutes. There was a line forming behind us with people waiting to be seated. We saw the hostess standing across the restaurant chatting with a server.  Once we were finally seated, our waiter came and took the previous guests bill without even acknowledging us. When he came back to greet us he seemed less than thrilled to be there and simply said "what's up?" Service with subpar, he left dishes building up on our table. Other servers had to get our drinks, take dishes away, and bring your food. Food was good and usual.... Service not so much!Update- I went back a week later- Service was excellent- Chelsea waited on us- great server with a great personality! Food was awesome as always!
5	These were the most amazing tacos!! I love the fact you can mix and match which your tacos. Now lets talk margaritas... Holy Tequila!! I imagine you can't go wrong with any choice, the tequila menu is so large, I don't know how to choose, but all I can say is YUMMO!!
4	I just tried this place for lunch with my friend and LOVED it! I had the Enchiladas de Dennis, which was recommended by the server, and ate it all up! The rice, beans, and salsa were also all very good and I can't wait to go back. The bar looked nice, and I loved the bar stools. Next time, I'll be coming at dinner time so I can also try out their margaritas :)
5	Food-wise, this place is already at 4, 4 1/2 stars.  Add in the fantastic margaritas and cocktails and it surpasses five stars.  My favorite is the Firestarter which is weird because I don't like ginger beer.  It is made with GB and jalapeno infused tequila and is a kick to your tastebuds.  The one I don't recommend is the one made with 100 year old Cointreau.  Not because it is bad, but it is not worth $16.My wife always gets the quesedilla.  The chicken is tender and juicy and the tortilla crisp.  The quesedilla comes with guac, sour cream and pico de gallo which are all delicious.  The guac is fresh made (I've been told) and the pico de gallo also seems very fresh.I have tried a wide variety of things but I always get the stuffed jalapenos.  They are wrapped in bacon and stuffed with cheese.  Sometimes spicier than others, but always good.  I often get the steak or chicken fajitas.  While pricier than your "mom & Pop" places, they are worth it.  You don't get a little pile of steak that looks like shoe leather.  This is real steak, cut well and cooked properly.  It is not tough at all and you can actually bite through it unlike at some places.
3	I'm seriously torn about how to review - as two stars or three.  This would have been four had it not been for the shortcut to an unplanned weight loss.Business traveler, dining alone, weekday night.  Fairly busy. Sat in bar area at high top.  Prompt service.  Asked for and promptly received water, chips, salsa.  Salsa tasted great and had a good amount of heat.  Waiter made a few recommendations, including the pork carnitas.  Carnitas are always risky - I've had way too chewy and overcooked, I've had ok but stomach ache for a week and I've had "damn, I should order that every time" - but all from different establishments.  It was really feeling like more of a fish taco night so I compromised and ordered the Tuna Carnitas.  Sounded interesting and tasty!  Waiter came back and apologized saying they are taking it off the menu.  Hmmm.  I decided to not pursue the seafood angle based on that so rather than fish tacos instead went with waiter's original recomendation of Pork Carnitas - he reaffirmed my confidence in my selection by saying "Now that's a great choice!"So I felt good about it.  And I have to say, they tasted excellent!!  Only, as I was walking to my car after having had a good amount of salsa and the carnitas (didn't really eat the beans which came with it) I felt the first "uh-oh" moment.  My hotel was literally only minutes away so I kept going.  That almost did not work out...within about 20 seconds of walking in my hotel room door I think I had literally lost 5 lbs.  My stomach is not that sensitive but this must have been caused by something I just ate to have had such a quick and unpleasant reaction.On the positive side, thanks to the "cleanse", my suit pants weren't too snug the next day and I gave an unbelievable presentation to my client!  So 3 stars.
5	I went back a few days later.. Service was great. We were sat right away and had a really knowledgeable, fun server- Chelsea! Good was great as it always is!
4	We always have such a great time at Paco's Tacos. The people are great, the food is good and plentiful, and it's just such a nice place to go and relax. I like sitting outside and the walk to Williams Sonoma is always good to work off the wonderful food. Good job and I'll see you soon.
2	So we made reservations and when we got there, the line was out the door. We waited for a few minutes at the front door. It was very uncomfortable as it was humid and there was a stench coming from somewhere? They brought us around to the back side in front of the window. That was great. But it was evident that we weren't going to get served anytime soon. Our waitress went to every table around us, including a couple that was seated 5 minutes after us???? I was calm as I wanted to have a nice evening. But I really wanted to get up and leave after 15 minutes! When her mood ring changed the right color for her to serve our table, I ordered a strawberry rita on the rocks. Way to sweet. Move on to the Dennis enchiladas. Those made everything better. They had a creamy cheese sauce on top, instead of a lump of hard melted plastic. Very good and filing. The service picked up as the evening wore on, but the place was empting out as well. this would have been a four star review, but....
2	Walked by here the previous day and the place was packed with a line out the door. We figured it must be good. I made a reservation for the next day, we arrived and had to wait for a few minutes while they cleared the table. Had great seats by the window. Then the wait came. We received a glass of water and then waited. We seen the server buzzing around but evidently we were invisible. Finally she came by and I wanted a margarita. Went for strawberry on the rocks. It was very sweet and hard to explain the taste. Not very good but drinkable. I went for loaded steak tacos. Ok this made up for other things. They were very good and all the toppings were fresh. The guacamole was very good. Service did improve but the evening could have been better.
4	Chips and salsa were fresh and delish. Had the shrimp tacos and chiken with bacon tacos, shrimp had a kick but both were yummy.
5	Great food, service, & Tequila! Will definitely stop by again on my next trip to Charlotte.
5	Excellent guacamole made table side. Their tequila mixes drinks are very unique and very delicious. It can get very crowded on the weekends and there's not much room to wait inside after the bar fills up but every time I have been there they get you seated within 20 minutes.  Wait staff is always great. They sent us home with a bag of chips and salsa to go once. Another time my boyfriend left his iPhone at the table and  the kept it for him until he got back to pick it up. Highly recommend this one
5	Love, love, love Paco's Tacos & Tequila. We always start off with the awesome guacamole, which they make at table side. I always get the combo so I can sample all the taco. Fish, shrimp, chicken and brisket tacos are spectacular.The customary chips and salsa are a perfect mix of mild heat and saltiness and we have never had bad service. The waitstaff is very friendly and informative. Be sure to try the bar-b-que corn (have to ask for it). Its mouthwatering.Big fan of Paco's and recommend it to everyone.
4	Paco's had excellent service, the waitress was bubbly and very attentive. My family and I all tried different tacos and we all were satisfied. The food was tasteful and very filling; they sure do fill up your plate! Overall I would definitely go back.
5	I went here for lunch last week with a friend  and let's just say the salsa is irresistible and full of flavor. We also ordered margaritas which were made perfectly. I ordered the wood grilled chicken taco which was stuffed with pure yumminess. I'll definitely be back again.
5	Wife and I love sitting at the bar. Salsa is amazing, service is great and tacos are to die for. I hope they come back with the barbacoa special.
4	Went here with my girlfriend on a Friday night, made reservations for 6pm. Sat at a 4 top which was nice. Chris was out waiter, he was awesome. Knowing this was our first time there he gave us some suggestions. Atmosphere was good, family friendly too. We'll definitely be going back with a couple of our foodie friends soon. Oh, and the margaritas are on point too.
4	Not sure if I'm noticing a trend or not, but there seem to be many restaurants opening featuring what can be classified as "street tacos."  Paco's has a particularly large assortment of street tacos that feature your choice of tortilla variety, fresh ingredients, and unique combinations.First of all, I loved the chips, salsa, and guacamole here.  The guac is made at the table with your choice of typical ingredients and also your choice of consistency.  So my chuncky/spicy guac preference was definitely satsified.I ordered three tacos, the best of which was probably the shrimp or shredded beef (i forget the exact name).  All you really need for a good street taco is well-seasoned meat, a unique topping (think cabbage or some other veggie), and a good sauce.  Paco's does all of these well and puts it on par with some of the great street taco-style mexican restaurants I frequent in Cincinnati.  As a side, the black beans were awesome.I'd love to visit PAco's again to try the tequila selection, other tacos, or some of the other menu sections I didn't experience.
3	Went here when I was 39 weeks pregnant for a lunch date. I have been obsessed with all food Mexican for the past several months and am all about good Tex-Mex.  atmosphere was good, lunch crowd was busy but not overwhelming. Our server went over the specials and I decided on two tacos.  One was shredded pork and the other was chicken and they were both very good.  Nothing outstanding..... I would be open to trying a margarita there and another more authentic dish.
4	I am HUGE fan of this place! Good food, great company!
5	delicious, great service, was extremely busy and we still got a table, prompt & delicious food, the Guacamole is yummy and made fresh in front of you! Of course you must try the Tequila.
3	I have been to Paco's Tacos several times so I must say I was a bit disappointed with my meal on Saturday.  Overall the taste was just OK and there was a hair in my food.  The salsa was smokier than normal and overall I thought that flavor was just blah.  My server was excellent though, and I enjoyed a Mango Margarita on the rocks which was delish.  We got there at 5:30 and by 6 it was packed and VERY loud.  I will go back again and hope this was just an off night for the cook.
3	Four of us dined at PT&T on a Friday evening. From the inside it has a steak-house vibe, and they had a lively bar scene as well. It  seemed fairly busy at 8:30pm which is always a good sign.our server was a little on the odd side ...she would linger at the table hesitantly and overall seemed rather unexperienced. She came off quiet and meek one minute and then pushy and rude the next. I asked to try the verde salsa in addition to the red she provided for us, as I had heard great things about it. It was never brought to us ...so I thought I'd ask again nicely - as I figured maybe it just slipped her mind. This time we even had a brief back-and-forth about it but again she never brought us the salsa ! She instead kind of rudely pushed aside my request and prompted us to order. The third time another person at the table asked for the salsa and again she failed to bring it to us. We gave up after the third try. In addition to the verde-salsa that never was, at the end of our meal I noticed a charge for my  soda-water beverage.  I thought it was a little odd because I order this out regularly and it is usually comped because it costs the restaurant next-to-nothing. The receipt also said my drink was a club soda which is not what I ordered. I nicely brought it to the servers attention and she jumped down my throat and said I drank club soda . I assured her I ordered soda-water , and after some unncessary prompting she finally agreed to take it off the bill. The service was just so weird ..and awful (1 star), but the food itself was pretty good. I enjoyed the Guacamole, the milenesa, and shrimp tacos. The shrimp are a little smaller than the ones I normally order at Cabo but they had good flavor. I found the citrus slaw to be super delicious/refreshing though the refried beans were salty.The cost for two tacos & table-side Guac  was a little over $20, in line with South Park prices. Overall I would return and give it another shot, but I would run the other way if I saw our server.
4	The manager Cory reached out to me today and apologized for the poor service I recieved.  She assured me that is not the standard at their restaurants (it's a part of a group), and explained the corrective action that was taken to ensure better service next time. She was very kind and ensured that we were happy with our experience otherwise. I look forward to trying it again in the near future and will hopefully enjoy good service to go along with the good food.
5	Thursday night house margaritas are only $5.
5	A new twist on Mexican food. The beef brisket taco is superb.  The service was great too, despite being packed on the weekend. I highly recommend.
5	Great tex mex!  Try the charro beans and the maverick margarita! I would highly recommend this restaurant to locals and out of towners.  Also our waitress was very knowledgable about the menu and tequilas.
4	how i not review yet, been couple times?  maybe write review like my texting - all broken english.  came here with mouse, the YMCA thug, post-working out.place gets 4 stars.  really good chips and salsa.  maybe bc i came from gym to work out and was starving, or maybe to go with margaritas. anyways, salsa is goooood - has a little chipotle or something to give it nice taste.  end result: salsa bowl empty, need more!had 2 tacos - one chicken, one fish - both solid, not worth more description or more typed words.  mouse had salad with shrimp added - shrimps were shrimpy.  tried the firestarter margs - it hit the spot.  reminds me of homemade gin'n'sriracha (not a real thing, don't try), but better.  get table-side guac - if it ain't table-side you don't know what the guac is going in there.  :X  def coming back here - solid eats.dmo out.
4	I stopped in when I was traveling for business and have been back a few times when I am in the area.  This is a great restaurant for Tex-Mex food. The chips and salsa are addicting. The chips have the perfect amount of salt. The menu has a lot to choose from. The margaritas are good and the service ranges from okay to good depending on the crowd.The food isn't the best Mexican food I've ever had, but it's good, it's always good, everything on the menu is good. It's consistent, it's fresh, and the portions are more than you'll need. Chicken burrito is a bit dry but works with salsa. Shrimp tacos are very good, with a decent amount of shrimp. Steak quesadilla is very cheesy (white cheese) and the tortilla has the perfect slight crispness. Food is also quickly prepared.
5	if you like tequila then go here. what a great selection!   chips great. salsa  really nice. tomatillo sauce outstanding. the very best tortilla soup I have ever had. delish. fish tacos were really good.  good feel in the restaurant and the servers / bartenders were extremely friendly and helpful. check it out.
4	Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday and had a great meal. Chips and salsa were really good. We tried a bunch of different tacos and were pleasantly surprised. If your a tequila fan this is the place for you. We will definitely be coming back
3	Their draft beer selection is weak, but they have a huge tequila menu. I have eaten there 3 times in the past two months, and it's alright. The food wasn't really anything special, but the bar staff is always nice and friendly. I got the peanut butter chocolate cake last time I went, and it was horrible. But their salsa is pretty good.
5	Stopped in with my husband and two kids because we happened to be in the area on a Friday late afternoon. The service and good were both amazing and the margaritas were top notch!! Will definitely be back!
3	If I could steal the guacomole, I would! If I could take home a gallon of margaritas, I would! The staff I quirky but efficient. They are oddballs, but knowledgeable. We have had one poor night, but the managers did everything in their power to correct the situation and since then, perfection! Samantha needs to be there more, I guess that is our only complaint. Well, that and sometimes the chips are too salty!
5	Came here for dinner and WOAH!! Best tacos I've ever had. Hands down. Ordered the Chicken fried steak and oh my lanta... What a fantastic dish. Had SUCH an amazing waitress (Ashley) who made the entire experience memorable. She's a veteran at what she does and completely genuine. Her attitude was positive and full of energy the entire time which was appreciated. She recommend the best margaritas and convinced me to try a palette of shots. (She repeated the name of all the shots at least 5x and for the life of me I cannot remember.) Will absolutely come back to this location and specifically ask for Ashley with hopes to see her again. On top of her perfect customer service the food was beyond expectations. Check them out! You won't be mad.
5	Came here for the first time for dinner and OMG seriously one of my new favorite places to eat at.  The salsa, the queso, and best of all the guacamole (made fresh by your table as you order) are a must have!  Definitely try the tacos, can't decide which one's you want, you can pick 2 or 3!  It's awesome!  Tried the fish tacos and the Paco's Taco (beef brisket taco) and they were amazing!  Our waiter Tucker was awesome!  Will definitely come here again and try their margaritas!
5	Love this place. New go-to Mexican in the South Park area... If you are into spice, the Cucumber Jalapeno Margarita is amazing!! It is a little bit of spicy overload (even for me) with the chips and salsa but I LOVE IT.The food is extremely fresh! I recommend getting the guacamole & fajitas and sharing with a friend :)
4	Best margaritas in town!Food is affordable & very delicious! Best chicken tacos I've ever had!
4	Pacos Tacos never disappoints! The portions are huge enough to feed a small army. Ha! You gotta try the margarita! They have a lively bunch crew & not bad to look at. Don't fill up on the chips & salsa
2	Had dinner here last night with a buddy of mine.  Place was jumping - wound up getting a seat at chicken the bar fairly quickly.  Service was good - table side guacamole was terrific.  I had the chimichanga, my friend had fajitas.  Fajitas were good - better than Chili's, but similar.  The chimi was like a chicken loaf - a round football shaped thing filled with rice, chicken, maybe beans, blah.  Just kind of a big fat mess.    All in all, gotta be better if you're going to hang in there.
4	Grabbed lunch here was quickly seated the waitress was very nice and helpful to my coworker and I who are first timers to charlotte. I highly recommend the guacamole they have side dishes for two bucks if you don't want to spend nine on the big bowl. Their chicken taco with cilantro was awesome, wasn't big into their side dish red rice it slaw but the taco and guacamole more then made up for it. Reasonably pieced too for seven bucks. Will be returning here when I am on my next business trip
1	We had a party of ten show up on Friday, 5/16.  It felt like the waitress had just been trained on up selling.  Order tequila shots but she recommended one of the higher priced brands. We struck with one of the lower cost ones, still $9 a shot, but she persisted. Food was good enough. Retired to the bar, ordered a round of drinks, threw $80 on the bar. Money and bill gone, we order more drinks. New bill shows up with all the drinks from the first round still listed.  Pointed it out to the female bartender and she returned the $80. She must've figured that there were so many of us, someone else would pay. She's a crook. Cute small brunette, with a black spot on her soul. Dear managers. You've got a problem. All of us attended a party the next day and Pacos got ripped. Great potential, but ripping off customers, we'll never be back
5	Food - 2/2*I've eaten here multiple times and I've never had anything I don't like.  The tacos (all of them) are excellent.  My favorites are the skirt steak, tanked up and shake down shrimp.  But my personal favorite menu item is the mac and cheese.  It a delightful Texas style mac/cheese that has a kick to it. It's creamy and delicious!  My go-to upscale Tex-Mex restaurant in South Charlotte.Service - 1/1*No complaints here.  Friendly, helpful.  Nothing extraordinary, but solid.Price - 0.5/1*A little higher than I'd like to pay, but that's what you have to expect in Southpark.  Let's be serious though - $9 for guacamole is outrageous.Atmosphere - 1/1*Fun place to have dinner.  Packed on the weekends, but if if's packed, you can still walk around different shops and they'll call you when you table is ready. One night I found a table in the bar area, while it was crowded, and still had a great time. Listen, all of Frank Scibelli's restaurants (Mama Ricotta's, Cantina 1511, Bad Daddy's Burger Bar, Midwood Smokehouse, and Paco's Tacos & Tequila) are 5/5.  I've come to like this place better than Cantina 1511.  It's the best place to have tacos in the city.
4	I Live 5 freakin minutes away and this was my first time here.....seriously? Well that's because the damn place is hidden away BEHIND the Williams Sonoma. I mean, Williams Sonoma has "stolen" thousands of my dollars and I never saw this place behind it.....I must speak with the architect! OK, so now I know what all the fuss is about. Authentic Mexican? Not a chance. However, this place does serve REALLY good Tex Mex! Fresh chips and excellent salsa? Confirmed! I added some delicious Chili con Queso and voila, excellent way to start off the lunch.My friendly waiter made some recommendations and I went with them. He suggested the slow braised beef brisket, and I also selected a chicken fried steak taco. Man both were really excellent! Very flavorful with sweet/heat contrasting flavors. But while i knew the brisket taco would be good, the chicken fried steak was even BETTER! Halleluiah! Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Highly recommend this one!Oh and the beans. Can forget about the charro beans. They have brisket in them with onions. Very savory and tasty. The only negatives was that the rice was average and the cole slaw sucked. But who cares when the mains are this good, right?Overall a great first, but certainly not last, dining experience at Paco's Tacos!
5	Best Mexican restaurant i have eaten at in a long time.  The service was great and the food extraordinarily fresh for a mexican restaurant. Chips fresh with tasty salsa.    I got the veggie enchiladas and they were fantastic.  I will be back with family in tow.
4	The food was excellent. Salsa had great flavor. It was a little hot for my son, so he mixed it with the mild tomatillo salsa. Cheese dip was great too! I had some kind of turkey carnitas taco on a whole wheat tortilla with bacon and avocado on it, DELICIOUS! Top shelf margarita was $10 tonight (Thurs) and well worth it! We will definitely go back!! So nice it is just 3 miles from home too.
4	Good
4	THE BEST MARGARITAS EVER! Great service, although I got a salad with salmon on it that was rancid. They replaced it with chicken and it was great. I suggest not getting seafood there. My sister had great tacos but said the beans were mediocre. Will return!
5	Great food and great service.  Our first time there and we will definitely be back!
5	Holy Guacamole Batman! Second time I've ate at Paco's and I must say, they live up to the great reviews and I'm not even a Mexican food kinda guy, but sweet fancy moses they have great tacos. Not like your ordinary cheap tacos - these are well made with great ingredients. Always...I mean ALWAYS order the Unholy Guacamole - they make it in front of your and it is delisioso...I believe that is Spanish for tasty. The girls digg the margaritas too and I'll always toss back a Corona while I'm at it. Gracious once again Paco.
4	Great place to grab a quick bite. Not the best taco's I've had in my life, but everything there is well above average. Prices are very reasonable.
3	Popped into this joint one afternoon to watch some of the world cup and eat tacos. We tried a variety of their offerings from cerviche to various types of tacos. No complaints there. Food was average and everyone seemed happy with what they ordered. My biggest complaint would be that I tried to order 3-4 different drinks off their drink menu, and each time the waiter returned a few minutes later to tell me their did not have the ingredients to make it. Not being able to make a mojito or margarita in a mexican restaurant seems kinda odd.. Especially during the world cup games when business should be booming.
4	I went here with a friend the other day and I have to say hands down best steak quesadillas in town! I had the wood grilled skirt steak quesadillas. I also had their watermelon margarita which was very refreshing. The service was also great. I will definitely be going there again!
4	It has been a while since we ate here, on a whim decided to give it another try and we were glad we did. We went at prime time Saturday night and they were BUSY, luckily we snagged two seats at the bar. I started with the "no name margarita" love they use fresh made sour instead of pre-made, you can really tell a difference. We started with the queso blaco which was very good.. creamy and had peppers in it which was a nice touch. For dinner I opted for the small chopped salad, BF ordered the two taco place with crunchy beef and soft brisket (for me!) with charro beans as the sside. The small chopped salad was HUGE... I had enough for the next day, nice and fresh with lots of veggies and chick peas (love them!). The ground beef was well seasoned and nice and juicy.. the brisket was a little salty, I will say we do not use a lot of salt so I would guess its at a "normal" restaurant food level... it was very tender and flavorful. BF said the charro beans were really good but I was too stuffed to try~
4	Had lunch here today, taco and salad combo.   Fresh and full of flavor.  ordered special tuna taco, which was overdone, but management was responsive and courteous.  Excellent wait staff.  Table side Guacamole was ample serving, especially compared to Cantina 1511.   Don Pedro's still does it better, adding radish or jicama for crunch, cilantro, and lemon juice. Margarita was well blended and tequila options were impressive.   Wait staff was impressive!   How Chuys stays in business so close to this place is impossible to understand,
4	I visited Paco's for the first time during Restaurant Week along with a lot of others! My friend made 7:00 p.m. reservations on a Tuesday night and the place was packed! The only sour note was that, even with reservations made, we still had to wait around 15 minutes to be seated. However, it was worth the wait....The restaurant week menu offered A LOT of food plus a margarita for $30/person. The drink special was the No Name margarita (very good!) with offering of four other courses. First course was choice of queso (beef, white, or yellow) - my table ordered each one since there were three of us. ALL GOOD!Second course offered choice of pork nachos or guacamole. Two of us ordered the guac, which is prepared table-side with choice of it being smooth/creamy or chunky and level of spice. I asked for chunky guac and for it to be made 'medium' but I didn't really taste much spice.Third course was choice of tacos, various enchiladas, or fajitas. I went for the three tacos (get choice of tortilla): Shrimp, fish, and turkey club tacos. The shrimp taco was my favorite with choice of beans and rice.For dessert, choice of tres leches cake or brownies with strawberries. I went for the brownies.With all of the choices offered, you would think the portion sizes would suffer but they did not. Everything was delicious and generously sized. There was no way I could finish everything so I had my remaining guac (which I was able to snack on for three extra days) and tacos packed up to go.I will DEFINITELY be going back to Paco's because I think I've found a new favorite Mexican spot.
5	Great food all around (from the chips n salsa, volcano queso, to chicken enchiladas), drinks (huge tequila selection and make your own margarita), and good service!
4	The hubs and I visited for lunch over the weekend. We started with white queso and added ground beef. The chips seemed very fresh and like most queso, we made it disappear quickly. The salsa was excellent. We both ordered enchiladas. His were "de Dennis" and looked a lot better than my run of the mill cheese enchiladas. Service was prompt and friendly. We will definitely give it another go.
5	Start off by saying the food was AMAZING! You start with chips and salsa like most Mexican restaurants. The salsa was really good! I also got the house margarita, also really good. Not your premix margarita, this tasted freshly made!I had 2 tacos. A paco taco and smokey & the brisket. Oh my so delicious! You could taste the smoke in the brisket! I liked the smokey & the brisket a little better because it had a fresh tomato salsa that made the taco very refreshing. My husband had the open face pork quesadilla. He would not stop raving about how good they were. The services was fantastic! We made a reservation and did not have to wait on a Saturday night at 730. Our waiter was also really friendly as well. We will definitely be eating here again!
5	Was able to try 4 different tacos between my order and my girlfriend's and all were outstanding. Favorites were Turkey Carnitas and chicken fried steak. Charro beans on the side were great and the cole slaw was surprisingly good too. I'd highly recommend to anyone looking for good Tex-Mex in Charlotte.
2	Paco's Tacos, like most Mexican restaurants, brings you out a big bowl of chips and salsa to start with.  This is great, but unfortunately the salsa tastes like marinara sauce spiked with hot sauce..  We tried the No Name Margarita and another one which I forget the name, but it was fruity with some orange flavor.  We honestly did not like either flavors but they were definitely strong.The homemade guacamole is pretty good and we ordered quesedillas which were good as well, but the food came out much too quickly.  If we wanted fast food we would have gone to taco bell!  We were hardly able to enjoy the chips and drinks before they brought our meals out.Overall I really don't recommend, there are much better Mexican places out there!
5	I've finally made it to Paco's Tacos & Tequila and it was worth it.  We came in with two friends from out of town pretty late and were seated quickly.  So to make it easy on why 5 stars:Food was tasty, plentiful and a good value: Of course, gotta go with the tacos, and I prefer the flour tortilla (soft tacos). I had the Pick 3 tacos: a traditional Paco's brisket taco, the chicken one, and flank steak taco. Each just a little different, so I wished there were other choices of salsa to pick from.  Comes with the traditional side of rice and three different style beans to pick from.Of course the tequila: We only had the margaritas and they go great with any and all Mexican style food.Prompt and friendly service from all staff: The waitress was knowledgeable, made some good recommendations, and the chips and salsa kept coming despite a request for more.Sure, I'd come back every once in a while.  I can see the tacos getting old after numerous visits though.
3	I have definitely written a review on PTT's before but for some reason it isn't popping up!  So, out of pure bitterness I am going to keep this review short and to the point.The best thing about this restaurant is what they could be in theory.  Creative tacos, great/fresh side items, housemade dressings, etc etc..But really everything is just OK in my opinion.  The tableside guacamole is incredible but that isn't enough to keep me as a repeat customer.  The smoked chicken taco was okay, a little bland.  The pulled pork taco was decent but a little tough and once again, bland.The side options are solid considering you typically only get lard...I mean refried beans...so I did enjoy my black beans and rice!Overall--I think Paco's is okay.  They are a good alternative to traditional Mexican places and we don't have very many "tex-mex" places in Charlotte so I give them credit.  I don't think they are that great but they will satisfy a craving in a pinch I suppose.
5	Quite frankly, I think i was Hispanic during my past life or something because I absolutely loveeeeee Mexican food! Now you cant really find authentic Mexican food around this area but this place is pretty legit.   definitely recommend the steak tacos and brisket nachos!! Yum!
5	Made a reservation online through yelp and got a table immediately when we got there. All three of us got the pick two tacos and they were all great.
4	Really love their queso dip. I recommend getting it with the ground beef on top
5	Stopped in for lunch and we were seated quickly. The menu had plenty of options and I went with the soup/salad on a rainy day. The tortilla soup and chopped salad with smoked pork hit the spot! I will return and recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
4	Nice and Flavorful Taco in South Park.   Place is a tex mex flair with a massive selection of Tequila.  If i wasn't so deathly afraid of tequila, after one previous bad night a long, long ago,  it would have been neat to sample the margaritas and shots .I came here for lunch and it was really nice. My strategy was just to get tacos and no fillers. I got 3 single tacos and it was the perfect amount for lunch.  I highly recommend getting the standard PACO's taco. You'll be happy with your choice.  Then branch out and get one of the crazier flavors.
5	Absolutely love this place every time I stop in. This past visit was a girl's night out and of course Paco's impressed again. We ordered the freshly made guacamole and it was incredible. For dinner, I ordered the Paco's Taco which is one of my favorites and the chicken taco. The sauce on the chicken taco has a bit of heat to it but it adds just enough to really enhance the flavors of the meal. We topped our meal off with a pitcher of Margaritas... which of course were amazing! Paco's has a great atmosphere and we really enjoyed our evening out.
4	Good food fast service great guacamole noisy bitches in da background doe but can't fault the restaurant for that a lil pricy but good size portions
5	I work nearby and LOVE this place! Service is quick and friendly and the food is always delicious. The unholy guacamole and queso is a must - they make the guac right in front of you exactly the way you like it!! Single taco + salad is a great deal for those that can't help but gorge themselves on the salsa and bottomless chips beforehand. This place rocks, I've never been disappointed!!!
3	You know when people rave about a place and then maybe your expectations are too high?  Maybe that's what happened here cuz I thought it was sorta average.  Good food but not the wow factor I thought would happen.  The chili was beanless (yay) and came with sour cream, cheddar, and scallions.  The flavor was good, but would have liked more kick.  Also had a shrimp taco, and while it was also good, I wouldn't make a special trip for it.Great service, ample seating, but it's the kind of place that I'd probably never argue if someone suggested going, but the suggestion wouldn't come from me.
5	Great service, atmosphere and food. Would definitely recommend and go again. They make the guacamole right in front of you, catering it's texture (chunky to creamy) to your desire.
5	We absolutely love this place. Their El Derado margarita is by far the best margarita I've ever had and definitely worth the hefty price tag. Their food is consistently good and we've not once had an issue with their friendly staff. Best of all, they are extremely gluten free friendly with a big menu of options.
4	We had excellent service. The salsa was good enough to drink! Light crispy chips and perfect guacamole. I had a house margarita. It was good, but light on tequila. For my dinner, I had the brisket tacos. They were delicious! The charro beans were good, too. Definitely plan to go.back!
2	Big tequila selection. Terrible food. Bad, no, REALLY BAD Tex-Mex. everything was cold and sick.
4	The chips and salsa are so fresh and tasty that I could fill up on just those. They're addictive! We love the Paco's Taco with braised beef and charro beans. They have so many different tequilas & their drink menu is extensive and impressive. Margaritas are unbelievable. Highly recommended.
5	Stopped in here for lunch and was a great experience! We were seated right away and our waiter, Matthew, came over seconds later with chips & salsa and to take our drink order. Chips were warm and fresh and salsa was delicious with a nice kick. I ordered the no name margarita which was quite yummy. They have a huge tequila offering and margarita specials every day. I ordered one paco taco (beef brisket) and one chicken taco. They were both amazing and served quickly. Meat was very fresh and flavorful. Tacos come with beans, rice, and coleslaw on the side. The service was really attentive and definitely made the experience. Constant water refills and more chips & salsa before we even ran out. Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
