5	A burger? With anything I want? FINE....I'll do it.I need no convincing for a burger, fries and a coke (Thanks Carl's Jr.) Earleir this afternoon, after a heavy morning of househunting with a couple realtors, I decided to sit my fat backside at a table and eat. And eat well.I stumbled into the Five Guys at the Fashion Square mall. Not sure how long it's been open. Perhaps it was the grand opening?It was PACKED! But I digress.As soon as you get to this location in the food court of the mall, you'll realize that this is not your typical burger joint. They have their own seating separate from the mall-commoners. And their own bathrooms (CLEAN)You get to the counter and you see a sign telling you about the potatoes they are using for the fries you will be eating.Ordering your burger isnt a gong show. Fairly easy. All the toppings are listed and all toppings are FREE!My food was delicious. Got a burger with some of my favorite toppings: onions, tomatoes, etc. The fries reminded me of an experience I had back in high school, when I held a girls hand for the first time. Soft, perfect and lovely. That's how these fries felt. Ok that sounded weird. Tough.Oh, I forgot to mention that the soda fountains had COKE ZERO!! EFFING AWESOME! I MEAN THIS IS THE MOST DOPE SODA EVER!! (I'm really hoping this Kanye yelping phase ends soon, since my reviews make me seem like a bigger Jackass than I seem in person).Ultimately, I left this place happy, satisfied and I will come back again.Oh...the answer to the one question in everyone's mind? YES, BETTER THAN IN-N-OUT!
5	Really why waste my time reviewing 5 Guys....because the burgers are really THAT good!!!! Thick patty, great flavor, soft buns....OK...stop reading this review and give the burger with bacon a shot, you will thank me later!If you get the cajon fries ask them for light seasoning...so damn good!!!
3	Everyone on the planet has been telling me that I have to try Five Guys. Well, I happened to be at the bookstore in the Waterfront right next door to Fashion Square Mall, and I was a little hungry, so I figured it was a good a time as any to try it. I'll agree that this may be the best fast food burger. (at least much better than In-N-Out). It's massive, and tasty. There's also a good selection of toppings to put on it.  The fries are decent. I thought they were a little too salty, and I would've preferred a smaller size. They only have two sizes and the smaller one is probably enough to feed four or five people (or one really fat person, who am I to judge at a burger joint?). I definitely only made it a small portion of the way through. It was more than enough food for any one person. So why only three stars when most people would give Five Guys four or five? One big sticking point is the price. I paid more than $11 for a burger, fries and a drink. Although the place is high quality, it's still fast food, and it's not what I expect to pay for a fast food burger.  I don't mind paying for good food, but I didn't leave thinking it was worth that price.The other is that I have to go into the mall's food court to eat here. That pretty much means the only way I'm going back is if I happen to be in the mall again. There's too many great restaurants in the area that I would much rather eat at before going back to Five Guys.
2	My first experience at 5 Guys was in Meridian, Idaho.  It was amazing! I went 2 days in a row! Free peanuts to eat while you waited, french frieswere from IDAHO Potatoes(was told all were) got fry sauce and the staff performed. Being very excited to take my husband when I returned to Idaho, we went to Fashion Square yesterday.  What a disappointment! No peanuts, no fry sauce, no performing and staff couldn't have cared less.  Won't be back to that location!
4	Amazing burgers, right there with Inn and Out.
1	I was pretty excited to try Five Guys after reading up on the buzz all over the 'net.  Zagat is practially in bed with 'em and practically every town/city newspaper thinks they're the next best thing, according to their decor.  What I mean is that their place is literally plastered with praises given to Five Guys by different publications.  As I stood waiting for my food, I really came to hate their decor.  I can understand "Best of Phoenix" plaques and maybe a framed newspaper review, but every inch of the place covered with quotes of how great their food was... kind of made me a hater.  I missed In-N-Out.Maybe it was because it was so hyped, but I was seriously underwhelmed by their food.  I paid over twelve dollars for a bacon cheeseburger, smallest fries, and smallest drink.  I started to doubt the quotes on the walls since "Best Value" seemed to be the wording on several of them.Now, the burger.  Let me start out by saying I really really really like burgers.... I can't really say this or that place is best, because I seriously like alllll of them.  Whether it be the super-processed flavor of McDonald's to the flamed-broiled goodness that is Burger King, or even the super fresh taste of In-N-Out,  I love burgers.  I love how not every burger tastes the same.  I looove burgers.  I don't think there has been a burger I haven't finished.  However, I literally had a moment to myself where I thought to myself I didn't want to finish this.  It was a fleeting thought, but that shocked me.  It was that tasteless.  Whenever I create an opinion on ANYTHING, I like to do the research and try it out before creating my own.  Every single bite, I was trying to find the great-awesome-spectacular-best-of-(insert city)-awesome-value-better-than-In-N-Out-burger taste everyone was talking about on the 'net.  I could not find it.  T.T  I ordered it with "Everything" and everything was bleh.  But don't hate me.  Like I said, I really like to do the research and try things out before I cement my opinion on something.  Sooooooo, I'm giving Five Guys 1 Star this time around for their underwhelming, super-overpriced burger.  However, I will go back once or twice because I love burgers and I like to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Maybe the guy behind the grill forgot to season my patty?  Maybe my tastebuds took the day off?  Stay tuned for my updated review of Five Guys!
4	What can I say about Five Guys other than I'm so glad it finally made its way to Arizona. The burger is tasty, the fries are delicious, and it's super close to my house. My only beef with this place (haha get it..) is that it's pretty expensive for 2 people. For my boyfriend and I, it came out to almost $20 for 2 burgers, 2 fries, and 1 drink. That's pretty bad considering we can go to Chili's and spend the exact same amount. If I had to pick between here and In-N-Out, which I also love, I'd probably go to Five Guys even though I don't recommend it often because you'll probably have a heart attack :)
5	Great burgers, excellent service and a shovelful of fries...all at a great price. What's not to love?
5	So am I the only person that watches Man vs. Food?  Well if you watch that show then you'll know what I mean when I say...OH MY GOODNESS...OH MY GOODNESS!!! OH MY FRICKEN GOODNESS!This is the best burger I've eaten in the state of Arizona over the past 12 years!I tried to understand what I was feeling when I took my first bite so I could describe it to you...you know how Man vs. Food does it?  All I can say is, it was JUICY, FLAVORFUL, EXTREMELY DELICIOUS and HUGE!  I just got the 2 patty!  Oh I can't forget the fries!! THE BEST FRIES EVER! If you don't believe me then go check it out for yourself!This place can become very addicting.  It taste like a homemade grilled burger but 50 times better!!!  All I gotta say is In and Out, Fat Burger need to pack up their stores and get the hell outta town!  I done found my new burger joint!
3	I went back a while ago and tried their food again.  It was much better than the last time, but I still don't understand what their hype is.  I think they should swap out their flat grill for a broiler.  Then that'll really bring the flavor... Yum.Yes, they use fresh ingredients, but who doesn't these days?  Especially if they charge 10+$ for a burger with drink?
5	I love love love love this place! Open one in SF pretty please and show how in and out how a burger should be! Yes it's more expensive but hey double the meat with all the condiments you can possibly get equals a  fantastic burger that will feed any hungry drunk person in the city!!!
4	This is good stuff! I ordered a burger with almost everything, and I don't mean their definition of "everything", I mean almost every single topping  except mayonaise and BBQ sauce. The burger was absolutely delicious, but I'm probably biased because I'm a toppings whore when it comes to burgers. You might argue that I eat burgers simply to eat the toppings. So this place was clearly geared for me with their policy of not charging for as many toppings as you want. We also ordered some fries. We tried both the cajun, and the non cajun versions, and I wasn't really excited about the cajun version.  The regular fries were cooked well, and delicious though. The star of the show is probably their crazy drink machine. Maybe my yocal roots are showing through here, but I've never seen this before! They have a soda machine with about 20 choices for soda (coke, sprite, energy drinks, etc), EACH with up to 5 or 6 flavoring choices (strawberry, berry, etc). Next time I'm in Scottsdale, I'll certainly be going back :D
3	To me this place is 3.5 stars. I'm not dying to go back, so I rounded down to a 3. The burger was tasty for a fast food joint and reasonably priced. A big plus is choosing what you want on it. It was a little greasy, but everything seemed fresh. A step above Johnny rockets type place, but I have in n out a step above five guys. Nothing really stood out. The cajon fries were saturated in oil and were just not good at all. I really wanted to love it, but I just "liked" it.
3	Its ok, i much rather go to In&out.
5	Thought I was going to feel full forever after I ate this burger the double patty, I couldnt quit eating it was very good and im not one to eat a lot at once lol.
3	Very good hamburger made from meat that was packed into a patty on site (or at least it looks that way).  Bun was lightly toasted too.  I do like the option of A-1 sauce.  Really good burger...but just isn't worth over 3 dollars for one patty.The fries were cut into a good size.  I can't stand in-n-out style fries where you can't taste the potato.  The fries here I could actually taste potato...you know...the stuff fries are made from.  Unfortunately, these fries were still quite a bit too crispy for my tastes.  Additionally, they put WAY too much salt on them.  I assume they would be better if I ordered them without salt.They have one of those fancy coke machines which is nice.  Unfortunately when I visited more than half the selections were unavailable.This place isn't bad, but just isn't worth the $9 I spent on a small hamburger, small fries, and a small soda.
5	Oh m!y these are the greatest burgers I've had in a long time.  My grandkids love to munch on the peanuts while waiting for our meal. The service is fast (a fast food resturant) with a nice family friendly atmoshpher. The burger with the works is so messy and so good.
5	I absoluetly do not eat hamburgers out if we ever go to a burger place i always order chicken sandwhiches but i decided to give this place a try and OH WOW it was so goooood everything is fresh the fires are great mmm will def go again and again and again
4	Five guys gives a good burger! I think their meat is of good quality and their toppings are on par as well. The fries are also very good. I like them Cajun style. Plus, they give free peanuts - who doesn't like the free nuts that Five Guys offer? This particular location was good. The staff was nice and the food was good. The service was quick. The only down sides to this location is that, one, it is at Scottsdale mall (seriously - the clientele at the mall  seem to find it impossible to see past their own selfish aurora.) and two, the soda machine. They have one of the new, supposedly high-technology dispensers. Really, people can't seem to understand it and it takes 3 times as long waiting in line to get a drink as it would normally.Otherwise, great place!
3	Definitely a tasty burger, however VERY over-priced. A burger, fries and drink ran me just under $12. I will NEVER like a burger and fries that much from a fast food joint. They have a really cool touch screen soda machine though that is top notch. Good, but waaayyy too expensive.
5	I just ordered the 'hamburger' then added my favorite toppings.Another excellent burger, I have to say! Plenty of meat, freshly made - and hot off the grill!Top notch fries as well, overflowing from the cup they put it in.  It takes about 5 - 10 minutes to get a great, fresh burger like this - but is very much worth the wait!
2	Things I know about Five Guys:1. They displaced In & Out on Zagats;2. According to my husband, one order of fries can feed three people;3. According to a good friend (who shall remain anonymous) "Yeah, it's good, but I can eat at In & Out for half the price."I agree with all three. I went to the food court for lunch after a fine time at Nordstrom with the express desire to have a chicken caesar at Ranch One Chicken, but they were gone (I don't get to this mall very often). So, after looking around I decided to try Five Guys to see what all the hype was about. When I left, I felt robbed.Yeah, the food was fine. Not brilliant by burger standards, but fine. I threw away about half the fries because, generous though the serving was, I was by myself and didn't need to feed three people. They also had an incredibly cool soda machine with loads of flavors but it was on the seltzery side. And throughout the afternoon I couldn't shake my frustration over the amount of money I'd spent.If I want to spend that kind of money, I'll go to Fez.
5	All I had here were the fries to feed my 2 yr old twin boys. I ended up feeding my whole family of five with the large order. So five stars for fresh fries and overflowing bag...
4	Woah. What just happened? I've never heard of this place other then seeing it next to the Jimmy John's sub shop in Tempe and thought it was a local chain. I went to the movies at the mall this past Saturday (X-men: First Class, was amazing btw!) and saw Five Guys Burgers in the food court. I really felt like a burger and everything in that food court is kinda gross so I decided to give it a shot. Back to my Woah.....how did I never hear of this place? For a quick cheap burger fix...this is the place. I hear all the comparison to in and out but honestly I dont see it....this place is better. Dont get me wrong, In and out has good burgers that hit the spot...but this place has amazing burgers that have customizable options AND fries to boot....and please dont say you like the fries at in and out....because they are plain bad. These fries are large cut and freshly made that get just the right amount of seasoning on them. Delicious!!! I've also read a couple reviews that mention price and I do have to agree....I'm taking 1 star away for value. I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger and fries with NO drink and my total was like 11$...that is a little much for a quick fix burger joint. I dont know if prices are like this at the mall location only because rent is probably higher but I'll check out the Tempe location soon enough and find out.All in all im very pleasantly surprised that there is a decent quick fix burger option out there other then in and out and smash burger.
4	Best burgers in phoenix.  Fries are very good as well.
4	Pretty enjoyable...especially for food court fare.  I enjoyed a little cheese burger all of the way...some well done fries and a drink from their super cool soda machine.  I like that they have vinegar for the fries...nice touch!  The burger was hot and fresh.  Very organized as well and speedy.  I say check it out...a good time and good value!
2	Correction - I dined at the Mill Avenue location.
3	Okay, so I'll make this short and to-the-point. It's like any other Five Guys in that the burgers (in my opinion) are good but DEFINITELY overpriced. I mean you can get a burger at In-n-Out (tastes just as good) for half the price. The Coke Freestyle machine is bomb though, gotta have my Coca-Cola Orange and Peach Fanta (not mixed haha). I would give the place a 4-star rating except for one thing--WHERE ARE THE PEANUTS?! Definitely not the same vibe as the one on Mill Ave. Disappointed, but will probably eat there again in the future.
4	Good burger joint with fresh food and great fries - Inexpensive and has some good options for toppings (fresh Jalapenos! and I love vinegar and seasoned salt on my fries. Its a bit loud but totally worth the classic burger. Hot dogs are great as well. The real drawback is you'll gain a few pounds quickly if you eat here often but In and Out doesnt even compare..
4	The west coast has In N Out; & the east has five guys. It's pretty damn close to the quality and taste of In N Out. in comparison I would say that they have some of the best fries ive had at a fast food chain.What caught my eyes first was that you can put ANYTHING on your hot dog or burger! My friend looked at me all weirded out that I got a hot dog with A1 sauce on it. Lol Everyone has there little special way of eating things and this is the place I can literally put anything on my burger. Big plus for five guys.It does suck that it's only in the food court in fashion square. :/
5	i went here for the first time back in July on my birthday OMG it was so good and very inexpensive at that i went then and have returned many times to this location would totally suggest others visit
1	Can you say Dog Poop in your mouth? Cuz that's what you'll be thinking when your eating at this place. All these people hyped it up and compared this place to the Oh so delicious IN N OUT. Which is the best fast food burger on the planet. This place seriously gave me a stomach ache.
5	As good as I always remember it to be.Their fries are way better than In-n-Out (I am a fries connoisseur)Their burgers may be getting smaller? Still delicious as ever.I pass on the drink though, an extra $2+ makes the meal quite expensive..Price: $9+ for the cheeseburger (double) and Regular fries(in-n-out: $6+ for double-double and fries - half the size)I would eat here every day if I had the option.
1	Been to other Five Guys and loved it...but this was an epic fail.  Should have known when the guy in the grey t-shirt kept questioning the guy in the red t-shirt about when he was going to drop the fries.  Can anyone say raw potatoes here?  Worst fries I have ever had.  And it was obvious by looking at them that they were not done...SO SAD!Burger and dog were OK but ruined by my disappointment...and not great service to boot.  Will not be back.
5	I had never eaten at a "five guys". However, I'd gotten numerous recommendations from friends. Outstanding burger, very tasty, fresh buns, great condiments. The fries were also outstanding. I'll be going back to Five Guys!
3	Tried these guys for the first time last week and I was pretty pleased with it.  Definitely way better than In N Out!  And way better than most fast food burgers although I do enjoy Carl's Jr. a lot.  It has a nice open kitchen where you can watch them make your food, which is always pleasant.  They burger itself even though quite greasy was moist and flavorful.  I did not try the fries.  This would not be my go to spot, but if it's around and my hunger pains would be satiated by this place.
5	Best fast food burger ever!!!
5	I have been here about 20 times and never had a bad burger. The buns are always fresh. The meat cooked perfectly and it has a real backyard BBQ style to its presentation. Simple but very effective. The fries are a very large portion so a small fry  will probably feed two just FYI. Definitely a good choice in the mall for quick lunch.
1	Nothing special about the food here.  The burger was mediocre (patty is thin and dry), the buns are way too thick and overwhelm the burger itself, and the fries are way too greasy.  You'll fare better going to Johnny Rockets for a burger just a few stores down.
2	I'm not sure what all the hype is about. Greasy mess. Tasty yes but greasy.
2	This Five Guys location is easily the least crowed depending upon the time of day.Unlike their freestanding locations, this one is in Fashion Square Mall and gets overlooked by diners.  I have never understood that rational.The food is usual Five Guys fair.  Decent burgers for the most part and a bagful of fries.  The only reason for Two Stars is the somewhat messy food presentation.  It's just the view of grease dripping through the brown bag, that makes you wish you had gone for a salad.  Which, might be the reason why there's a line at Paradise Bakery and Pita Jungle.Sorry!
5	I love you 5 guys. Best hangover saturday meal.
4	Good burgers and fries. Better than fast food. I forgot how good the burgers were here.
5	add malt vinegar to the fries
2	It's true that Five Guys serves up a good burger and their fries have a nice flavor, but for me, it doesn't really stand out from the rest of the average fast food burger chains out there. Being in the mall and coined as a "fast food" spot, I have been disappointed with their service twice now. The first time, we waited over 20 minutes for our burgers and fries, but I thought it might just be a fluke. Sadly though, last night the same thing happened again. I was surprised that the wait was was so long for such simple food and also since this is a fast food place. The staff was also very rude when we asked about our food after waiting so long. The wait resulted in us being late for the movie. I won't be eager to visit 5 Guys again, unless I have a lot of time. Then again, if I have a lot of time, I won't choose a "fast food" spot and instead go to a sit down restaurant. I hope they fix their service and turnaround time.
3	I like 5 guys. The burgers are always fresh and made to order. I also love the assortment if freeTopping from mushrooms to mayo to grilled onions. My biggest issue is the lack of shame when it comes to grease. They toss everything, dripping into the bag. A box or better wrapping would help. Also, I'm not a huge fan of the fries. I know people write novellas to their glory but it escapes me. I don't know if its the peanut oil or the pepper but I just don't like it.
4	CONSISTENT QUALITYI wasn't exactly overwhelmed and felt a little cheated by my re-visit to Chino Bandido. So while walking around Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, I couldn't resist ordering a double cheeseburger with mayo and steak sauce plus grilled onions that would tie me over for dinner.  As it turns out Korean dinner wasn't anything to write home about.The one thing I did notice different about this FGB&F is no peanuts to have while waiting for my order. What's up with that ?One thing can be said is that their burgers are of consistent quality no matter which store. Like others, the place neat and super clean.
4	This is what a burger should taste like. I was satisfied and there wasn't any stupid gourmet type additives or toppings that shouldn't be on an all-American burger in the first place. As my first visit to this restaurant chain, I can say I will be back again definitely.  The only thing I have to thumbs down on was the Cajun fries....waaay too salty. I had to toss them out even after I tried wiping off some of the salty red spice with  bunch of napkins.  There was no saving them.  Maybe I just got a fluke bad batch and the seasoning guy had heavy hands, but it was not edible.  As for the burgers, top notch deelish!
5	Fast service and super good food! I've eaten here twice and both times the food came out pretty fast! Super clean and surprisingly big inside! I love the soda choices how there is so many! Clean bathrooms which is a huge plus for a mall! Super yummy food! Worth the money and they definitely give you a lot of fries for one meal so you definitely can share the food here!
2	A short review:Want to know what their burgers taste like?  Go to Jack in the Box, and order an Ultimate Cheeseburger.  That's what it tastes like.  The fries are similar to those at Teddy's Bigger Burger.  Disappointing.  In n Out is most certainly better.
4	Great location inside the mall. Very quick energetic employees. Place seemed a little dirty around the soda area. Could use a cleaning when your that busy. But our cheeseburgers were amazing. Good job everyone!
2	A short review:Want to know what their burgers taste like?  Go to Jack in the Box, and order an Ultimate Cheeseburger.  That's what it tastes like.  The fries are similar to those at Teddy's Bigger Burger.  Disappointing.  In n Out is most certainly better.
1	1st time at this 5-Guys location, never had a complaint about their other Scottsdale location, so thought it was safe to order take-out from this Fashion Square location, WRONG my regular burger was the worst non-meat burger I have had from anywhere in the past year, the meat was no where to be found ! probably less that 1/10th pound !!! if I wasn't already at home eating this it would of been brought to the managers attention, I managed to eat 1/2 of it then why waste my time because all the meat was gone already, maybe this was a fluke & someone only put 1/3 of the meat in ? I will never go back to this location again, as a heads up to anyone take the time when you are handed your order & take a look at the burger & contents to be sure you are receiving what your paying for.  I would give this restaurant 0 stars if I could.
4	They juicy burgers in my favorite mall....  What can't I love?  The seating area for five guys was a little dirty, so I sat in the food court.    FRIES!!!
1	at the fashion square location I  got just about the worst french fries ever ,never again .
1	Been hearing about the place.  Walked in every table was dirty so I had to set outside.  The guy at the register cared less that I was there.  Burger, Fry and a drink. $14.11!!!!  Really!!!Call your number and it's pilled in a brown bag with all the grease leaking threw.  Was so appetizing to get.  Burger like a drive in, fries terrible.#SorrywontbebackeverI can go to any Old Town restaurant and get a quality burger with service for the same money.
1	Do Not Go To the Fashion Square Mall 5 Guys. At 4:30 pm (not the lunch rush) last Saturday the guy taking our order could have cared less that we were standing there.  It was our first time at 5 guys and we were perusing the menu and asking him for help.  You would have thought a robot was talking to you.After we got our greasy bag of fries and beverages we had to search high and low for a clean table to sit at.  Not only were the tops of the tables filthy but there was food and garbage underneath them.  After eating greasy fries we looked at the two garbage receptacles and they were overflowing. Absolutely overflowing.  I went back to the counter and told the robot that the place was filthy and we couldn't get our garbage in the cans.He says "Thanks.  Have a Nice Day"  What a joke this place is.  Won't go to any Five Guys again ever.
3	Good burger + loud + need mopsLove us some Five Guys.  Staff was cool, burgers and fries were good as usual.The cons were the cleanliness, the volume, and the wait.  Floors were sticky, the tables required some wiping before we could use any of them, and the soda machine was gooey.  The volume was blaring, leading to the kids covering their ears.  And it took about 15 minutes to get three meals up with only average traffic.
5	This was my first time eating at Five Guys. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted and asked for my order. The wait time was under 10 minutes, so that was a plus. The atmosphere was also great because I felt welcomed. All of the workers were kind and seemed like they were happy to be at work. I received excellent customer service overall.After I got my soft drink from the fountain, which was also a cool experience because it was different from any other soft drink fountain I've seen, I sat down and prepared to enjoy my food. I can easily say it was one of the best burgers I've eaten. The french fries were also delicious and everything just felt comfortable. I felt like I was eating at a local burger joint rather than a franchise. My meal came out to around $11, which wasn't bad at all for the quality. Definitely going back soon!
4	Fenomenal fresh fries, fine burgers and sandwiches, friendly good service.If you're going to go crazy and break all those resolutions about not eating....this is a pretty good place to break that resolution with fries and a sandwich.
1	I LOVE 5 GUYS so much that I decided this was where I was going for lunch in the Scottsdale Fashion Square. The order was quick, the cashier was friendly and seemed to really like her job. She was amazing. Also, the order was done pretty quickly despite a long line of people of waiting for their food.But here is why they get 1 star: The greasy-faced young teenager at the end of the line decided that when he called my number, he was going to wait only 2 seconds before putting my burger in its bag back in a place away from the other food. I tried getting his attention 3 or 4 times after I approached the counter, which is farther than 2 seconds away no matter where you sit (go there and you'll see). I didn't know his name since he was facing away from me. He was getting the fries out of the fryer so I understood he didn't want to overcook and waste them, so I wasted a few more seconds before saying excuse me louder when he was not busy.He continue to call out other numbers and ignored that at this point I was leaning on the counter with impatience. I asked if I could get my burger and he turned around and put more fries into the deep frier. Only about 5 minutes later, after being obviously upset, did another employee who was a dirty blonde male notice after coming out from the back and grabbed my bag from where the other employee put it on top of the fries heating lamp.As I snatched it and stated I was waiting a while and tried getting the other guy's attention, he seemed confused. As I walked away he said to have a great day, and if there were not children in the space I would have flipped them off. To be honest, though, he actually made me feel taken care of in comparison to the other employee who was blatantly ignoring me.One star for the amazing cashier and the kindness of the other gentleman, of course the food was on point but I waited entirely too long for it, and despite the fact that it was on top of the heating lamp for the fries, half the burger was cold. I'll go to other 5 Guys locations in the future.
