5	Just found this place... Loved it! Nice owners, clean clean clean and brand new massage chairs. Also my first time with gel nails, which was definitely worth the extra cost. They were offering a 10% off grand opening discount as well!
5	If you're considering a visit, DO IT!I followed Tiffany (the daughter of the group) from a previous salon because she's THAT good. I've been doing manicures on myself for years because I didn't trust anyone else to do them well (lots of wasted time and money). I found her and I was immediately sold. I currently live in California and still only go to her when I come visit. Thank goodness I'm moving to the area soon! It's clean, friendly, personal, professional, and fun! Brand massage pedicure chairs mixed with a hot stone and oil rub...I was in heaven.
5	I was looking for a new place near my work and found this amazing place. I loved it and prices are not too bad. It is very clean and they are very nice people. I would defintely go again and refer my friends and family too!!!!!!
4	I am really picky about my nails and where I get them done.  Because of yelp I went to marvel and the review were right.  Clean, friendly and quality.  It is family run and it is evident in their teamwork.  Nancy did my nails (she is the mom) and she was meticulous with her detail work.  Tiffany (the daughter and Manager) was very friendly and listened to what my needs were.  For once, I got personal and good service.  Something that is rare when looking for a nail salon.  I definitely will return and recommend this place.
5	First all I need to say is WOW!!!!!!!! I read the reviews on YELP and they were right on the money. I had my gel nails removed and had white tips put on. My nail technician was "dad". He is sooooo sweet , we hit it off right away. We laughed and his service was IMPECCABLE.  I LOVE MY NAILS .....He offered me green tea (which was the BEST  I have ever had) . We talked about Vietnam,  our mothers etc. When I asked to have my nails done in an oval, Tiffany (daughter ) took over. That woman knows her stuff!!!!!! She takes her time and is such a pleasure to chat with . While I was talking with her I decided to have my toe nails polished changed to the color she had on her fingers. She said "of course no problem"." Dad" took care of me while she assisted another client. He even very gently took care of my ingrown toenail, which he did not have too since all I was getting was a polish change. He then asked if I wanted a design and I got "Mom"..........BEAUTIFUL JOB!!!!!!Well since i was able to experience the "WHOLE FAMILY" today , I know I will be back and am confident that I will NEVER be disappointed. YEAH!!! I have found my new nail salon .............I walked out of there for only &36..........FULL SET WHITE TIPS and polish change ......................see you guys in two weeks Marvel Nails.............You guys are MARVELOUS :)
5	Amazing service from beginning to end. New massage chair, hot water, great pedicure, perfect design by Tiffany, and precise job on my fill. Will definitely be back! I have tried other nail salons in the area and very dissatisfied. Nice to find someplace that is friendly and really good.
5	My new favorite place to go! Everyone was really nice. She took her time to make sure that it was something that I would like. Definitely coming back for more! Thanks again Tiffany.
5	Very pleased with the gel nails. The dad did mine once, and they looked perfect, natural and stayed on for at least two weeks. Tiffany is awesome as well. So glad I found them!
5	Best service of any nail place in the valley.  Very friendly and makes sure you are happy before you leave.
5	Great service!! The dad did my nails, Nicest guy and super thorough! They're extremely affordable and extremely personable! I'll be recommending them to my friends and going back for sure!!
5	I am so happy with all aspects. I recently moved from San Francisco and I am particular about my beauty salons. Quality was outstanding, super clean environment and Tiffany and her family were very friendly. I will definitely be coming back very soon!
4	Found this nail spa seconds from my house and love it!!! Tiffany is outstanding! Definitely going back! :)
5	I'm only in Arizona for a visit and wish I could take this salon back home with me to California! Clean, great customer service, and comfy new spa chairs!
5	I'm so happy with my nails Tiffany did a great job this is my nail place forever very reasonable prices no grinding and very quick without the rush feeling
5	This place is great!  I have had my nails done by each of the three family members (Nancy, her husband and Tiffany).  I never had gel nails until I started going to this place and I always get compliments.
5	Family own and operated spot. First time there and wont be my last! Tiffany is great. Did just what I wanted, and the dad is awesome too , very hospitable.
5	I go to ASU and found myself with some time between classes last week.  I needed a gel mani/pedi so I turned to Yelp.  After reading some ho-hum reviews of other places, I found Marvel and decided to give them a try.I am so glad I found this absolute gem of a shop!  Tiffany, Nancy, and "Dad" are great!  For my first visit, Dad did my pedi and the gel.  The shop is pretty, very clean, bright, and comfortable.  The tools used were sanitized, the massage chairs top of the line, and the service warm and welcoming.  I was offered bottled water or tea while my pedicure was done.  You have the choice of different packages and I went with the VIP which includes callus remover, sugar scrub, paraffin treatment, hot stone massage, and hot towel.  It was wonderful!  My manicure was wonderful as well with lotion massage and warm towel and oil to finish everything.  The polish and gel came out great!  I returned yesterday for another visit with the same services, this time Nancy helped me.  She did an absolute fantastic job and I have had compliments already!  I live over in Glendale, and would happily drive over to Tempe just for this salon.  I highly recommend them for all your nail care needs!
5	This place was amazing! Everyone was so nice and accommodating! They were VERY clean and Tiffany did an awesome job on my nail design.
5	AMAZING nail spa  ! Everyone was very friendly . This will definitely be my new nail salon !  The Customer service was AMAZING !
5	Thank you for taking me so close to closing time. Tiffany is so nice. Great customer service! Don't let the area fool you!
5	Another great manicure at marvel and mom did my brows perfect we have found our nail place
5	I went to Marvel Nails for a gel manicure when I was visiting a friend in town.  I got a bright pink with glitter gradient on the tips and they look fantastic.  Even now, two and a half weeks later ~ they've grown out a bit, of course, but the polish hasn't chipped or faded in the slightest.  I only wish I was in the Phoenix area again for my next mani!
5	I am definitely a fan! I have searched and searched for a great nail salon with good customer service and i have finally found it! i will be coming back here again! although i do think this place can use a little re-vamping! it could use some nice decor!
1	I went in to Marvel Nails for a second time to get my nails fixed since they did not last as long as the salon had promised. They agreed to fix it for free. The employee began by filing on top of my nail to get the gel off. While he was filing back and forth on three of my fingers, he broke skin, and a fourth finger got a sore. He realized that there was blood on the fingers but continued to do his job. After the blood started to gather more, he took a look at the ones that were bleeding, took out a dry brush, and tried brushing the blood off with the dry brush. Then he put back the brush in his drawer. He saw that brushing on top of the blood did not take the blood away, but that it had moved the blood onto my fingernails.  He then took nail polish remover and tried getting the blood off of my skin and fingernails. I had told him I was in pain but he had told me not to worry. After using nail polish remover to take blood off of my fingernail, he grabbed a small, blue/green liquid bottle and applied that to my open cuts. I asked him what it was but could not understand what he mumbled.  It stung for a minute or two then dried the blood up. The blood still remained on the top of my fingernail and he proceeded to file on top of my nail to get the blood away, then placed that nail file back in his pouch filled with other nail files.  He immediately applied the gel base coat.  I was not instructed to wash my hands at any time as a normal manicure procedure. The manicure proceeded without any sort of regard for my hygiene or those who followed me.
5	I was visiting the Phoenix area and spotted this salon via Yelp....the best experience hands down! Not only was the service exceptional, but I noticed the nail art designs and decided to have my toes done....I have received compliments all week!  Thank you all for making my experience wonderful!  When I return to the Phoenix area, there is now only one place I will be getting my nails done!! Tiffany your nail art skills are impressive! Thank you!!
4	I'm in need of a new nail salon and after checking yelp, this is where I landed.  First visit was pretty great.  Tiffany was great and did a great glitter ombre on my mani/pedi. I will be back for sure.
5	I am actually posting this from the salon as I'm getting my nails done. A friendly man named John did my pedicure and it was nice. I've had better, but I've definitely had worse.  John also did my gel manicure, however Tiffany was going to apply the design. When I sat down in her chair, she said, "I'm sorry, but these need to come off. He got the color on your skin. If you leave them like this, they will lift within a week. You can stay and we will fix them, or you can come back in a week and I will fix them for free." Marvel Nails and Spa is a (CLEAN) hole in the wall, however, it's their integrity and awesome work ethic is what will keep me coming back.
5	I love this place! I will def be back. It's family oriented. I was so happy with my results. Hard finding a great shop. My nail tech was "dad" so sweet and the best sculpture I've been at in awhile. The manager and his daughter is very talented with her designs. I will be going back.
5	Okay okay okay I think two times is enough for me to gather a decent amount of things to say about this amazing establishment.  I have never felt more welcome in a nail salon (except for one my old coworker owns in chandler mall) to where I want to return to not only because of the warm vibes I get but from the amazing work that Tiffany and the rest of her family have done on both mine and my friends nails that I brought with me.The first day I only had time to get my gel nail manicure done and they turned out better than I had hoped. Especially 250% better than the last place I wrote a review on in gilbert.  The second day I had wanted to get a pedicure since they have a check In offer (which I hate asking about because you never know what to expect if a business will look at you like you're completely insane or be accepting and understand what is going on) and Tiffany already knew I had checked in so I would get my 10% off of the service. I cannot wait to try their best pedicure package because I literally was ready to doze off when I was getting my feet massaged. Some places focus more on the legs and for me personally I'm not a fan of my tibia being roughly massaged on like I've had in the past. The last pedicure I had at sky nails almost made me want to never get a pedicure again. I've never been in so much pain getting a pedicure before.  Thank you Jesus for marvel nails I will never stray! It is absolutely the worst trying to find the perfect nail salon but I will search no further and don't have to go to multiple places for different services.  It's so much nicer if you can trust a place to do a good job on both massaging your feet and knowing how to do your nails correctly.I cannot wait for my 2-3 week marker when I can get my next pedicure it shall be epic I am sure. Then I will have to drag my boyfriend in as well so he can experience the magic! :)
5	AMANZING!!! I normally don't get my nails done but am so happy I did! They lasted much longer than any other place and I loved the way they looked. Next time (and every other time) I will only be coming here!! The father (not sure on his name) was the best!
5	Such a great place! First time in and she did a wonderful job! I showed her a picture of the chevron design and she was able to do it for me! I'm in love! Definitely would go back! Price is great as well! Not too expensive
5	I have been so disappointed with nail salons in  Az but finally I found one I adore!!! If your looking for a clean, relaxing salon this is the place!!! The staff are friendly,experienced and give amazing foot massages!!! I can't rave enough about this place!! Best pedi ever!
4	I really liked this place. The older gentleman did my nails exactly how I wanted them and so did the woman who worked on my toes. The only problem was my nails kept getting air bubbles when drying so I had to constantly have them repaint it. But still I finally found a nail.place.!
5	Based on other Yelp reviews, my husband and I came in today to get pedis. We loved it!! Very clean with massage chairs that do a better job getting out the knots than a masseuse I recently paid. We felt like great care was taken with our feet- we both felt pampered and very relaxed. The polish job was easily among the best I've gotten. Highly recommend!
5	This is my second time here. I had my manicure this weekend and they did a great job with painting my nails completely and the nail design. They were even able to fix a couple of broken nails. Today I'm getting my pedicure because I didn't have time this weekend and this is he best massage I've had during a pedicure in a long time. They aren't rushing and they are actually using some pressure and not just rubbing my legs lol.
4	First I'm picky on waxing my eye brows theLady here listened to me and did exactly what I wanted and I wasn't charged much. I had my nails filled and they were quick he filed them a little narrow but they cameOut nice. I think I still may look around town and try other places... The waxing was greatTho
5	This was my best friend and my first time here. We both had mani/pedi. Were both really pleased and would definitely come back again! We had Don and Tiffany. The massage was best ever! I would highly recommend this place after first visit. I hope we have same experience on future visits.
5	Marvel Nails is awesome! All of the techs are all super friendly and welcoming. Pick any design and they can do it! Can't wait to go back in a couple of weeks :) Definitely recommend!
5	Okay, I think I can finally write a review now that I've gone a billion times. I have struggled for years to find a nail salon that I can trust. Through yelp, I stumbled upon Marvel Nails, and can I say, thank god! Seriously the kindest, most talented people I've met! I love going in every time and leave oh-so happy. I get nothing but compliments on my amazing nails done by Tiffany. This is definitely something I've worked into my monthly budget because I love it so much.If you're on Yelp looking for an amazing nail place, look no further.
4	Sped here after work to get a quick pedi and eye brow wax before a wedding I have to attend this weekend. I walked in at 6:40 and was told they were closed. The door says 7pm.  Not asking if I would like to make an appointment or even what service I was looking for I was turned away.  I've been here 4 times now spending on average $50 a visit and felt the service was great. However after this experience, I'm not sure I will be returning since they close long before their hours state they do and they have no interest in retaining clients.  I guess an extra client lost is no big deal to them.
5	My Girlfriend Loved this place! Tiffany, Tony and Ken did an amazing job on her fill and ped, even helped her pick out the perfect account!
3	Did a decent job on mani/pedi. Pedi massage was not that great. The massage chairs were the best I've ever been in for a pedicure. I would go back.
5	I've found a permanent nail salon! Everyone that's works here are all very nice and they're perfectionists!
5	I haven't had my nails done in years so when I decided to take my daughter for her bday I thought I better look at yelp.  Everyone ( not sure about names) were really sweet here! The prices seemed very reasonable. I'm super excited to come back!!!
5	Thank you so SO so much, Tiffany! What a fantastic job you did on my nails! They turned out better than I expected. I have traveled across the US from PA to AZ and have not found a better nail salon. So happy to have found this little gem in Tempe! Thanks again! See you soon :)
3	I got a maroon gel manicure. They messed up my nail that it looks like the color spread to the nail and not the tip. Also 2 days later one of my other nail the gel manicure part peeled off.
5	I found this salon back in the beginning of the year during a break between classes one day.  Scrolling through Yelp reviews, I wasn't feeling too hopeful until I stumbled across their listing. Good reviews, nice pictures, why not give them a try?Wow!!Super clean, great massage chairs, greeted right away. I am always offered something to drink, asked if the water is warm enough; customer service gets an A+.  I got a pedicure and was really pleased with the results.Since then I have been back almost every two to three weeks.  Tiffany does the most amazing nail art (of which I wasn't a fan of in general, but her designs and color work are so beautiful that I have spread my wings and tried out some new looks.  She does the most gorgeous hand sculpted roses).  I have had pedicures done by Tiffany, Nancy, and her dad.  Everyone there is meticulous in their work, with the polish on the pedicures lasting for weeks!  I get the gel manicure and my nails are long and healthy.I normally get the VIP pedicure with the paraffin, hot stone, massage, and sugar scrub.  My legs and feet are so very happy after my time here!  I live over in Glendale, so they are about 45 minutes away from me and completely worth the drive.  I've been to many salons in the Phoenix metro area over the years and Marvel wins hands down!
5	Heard about Marvel through Yelp and decided to check it out because of all the awesome reviews. This nail salon is amazing. Everybody was so friendly and there to really make sure you have a good service. Cathy did my nails and she was absolutely wonderful! She took her time and made sure my mani & pedi came out stunning! I can not wait to go back!
5	another great job here on our nails we came in as walk ins but they fit us in with a just a little wait time and Nancy did a great job on my brows too Thanks Marvel for taking care of us
5	Came to this salon today for the first time with my friend and I got to say I think I found the perfect salon of my dreams lolThe people over at the salon greeted us as soon as we walked in. We didn't wait long at all (we made an appointment prior) as soon as we sat down to get our nails done they offered us water,  tea, & coffee which was pretty great and nice of them. They took their time with our nails making sure that it came out the way we wanted which I'm surprised how our nail designs came out! -thanks Tiffany- overall the place looks clean, they have awesome customer service and they are super friendly and patient. My friend and I are super satisfied with them and will definitely come back here in the future.  They are worth it. Give them a try :)
2	Ive been here about 5 times now, and each time it seems to get worse. I was really happy with the qulity of work at first but there have been a few things that have turned me off to this place. First I requested Tiffany for my first 3 appointments and each time I came in they either said they didnt have my name on the list or she was still with someone else. So I stuck with Nancy who did a fine job the first 2 times. She wasnt friendly at all and the free-hand design I had done was really bad. Another big reason I will not be back is that 3 of the 5 times I had been, I was cut on my finger and had a scab for about a week. Ouch! I will find another place that is more organized and a bit more friendly.
1	I got a French manicure, and one week later all the polish has peeled off, and my cuticles are absolutely ruined. They're completely torn up. I'm honestly embarrassed to look at them. Furthermore, the "nude" color they're supposed to use for a French manicure? It had PINK SPARKLES in it. I felt like I was in 5th grade walking out of this place. However, it chipped and peeled within a few hours anyway because they never did a top coat. On a side note, my mother got a pedicure at the same time. Her technician made her bleed and then just painted over the wound.That said, my nail technician was very nice to me. Everyone there was perfectly pleasant and cheery. The man doing the nails of the girl next to me was nice enough to offer me coffee and water... but because I "looked tired." Never tell a girl she looks tired.
5	Love this place ...I always do the Gel nails they are fantastic..and they are nice and friendly customer service is 5 stars  .. And just the best when it comes to prices and quality work !! I live far from their location but it's worth the drive plus when ever I do my nails at marvel I always get so many compliments ...try it you will keep coming for more
5	My girlfriend and I checked out Marvel nails after we read some reviews on yelp. We have been to Marvel a couple of times now and we really like it. The place can be busy on the weekends, but still worth the wait. Just call ahead or make an appointment is our best advice.We had Ken, Nancy, Jenny and this younger lad which I forgot his name, doing our pedi and mani. They were very nice and professional and I know the language barrier can be a bit odd, but hey, at least they are trying to talk to you. They all seems happy (unlike those nail shops factory) with their job, which really create a good vibe. The salon is a family own and operated (with helps from their friends), so we felt right at home every time we come in. It reminded us of the good old mom and pop shop. We think this is why we keep on coming back. We have tried a lot of the nail shops around mesa and tempe already and by far, Marvel nails stood out the most. All and all, great little family oriented shop and great management by Tiffany. We will be back! 5 stars for: customer service, cleanliness, professionalism, quality, and friendliness. All of which we expected from a business.
5	My girlfriend came back because she chip her gel manicure while exercising and they took her in ASAP! No charge even though it was her fault, Thank you!
5	This place is wonderful, does top notch work and has some of the nicest people working there. I dont go anywhere else now!
5	I love this family owned salon. Everyone is so friendly and nice and thoroughly skilled at doing good nails.  My gel nails last weeks with zero issues - no peeling or bubbling!!! Tiffany has a great eye too, I've gotten great recommendations for colors from her and her dad. You walk in and you are treated like a friend. So great :)
5	Tiffany is a nice lady ! She 'd perfectly designed for my Nails .I would high recommend to this salon .!!!
5	I LOVE this place!!!! My friends and I needed to get our nails done somewhere in Tempe and we found this place and I'm so glad we did!! They were sooo nice to us and did the exact designs we wanted. Mine looked exactly like my picture. The place is so clean and I love how the whole family works there! Next time I am in Tempe I am definitely coming back to get my nails done here!!
