5	Excellent Mexican Food, service and atmosphere! Try their Breakfast...the BEST we have had in all of Glendale!
4	I like the place so far, the breakfast burritos are awesome.  I had also ordered the pollo fundido but that is just okay.  The chips and salsa are fantastic and the service is always good.  I like the casual atmosphere, you can tell it was a fast food place because they have a drive thru but I think that is only for pick up now.  I would have to say it is the nicest casual Mexican place I have been too.
4	I just happened upon this place one day and I have to say the food is really good.  I am always on the hunt for good Mexican food, which is very hard to come by in Phoenix.My first visit I had the pozole.  It was so good!  The service was friendly and the place looked new and clean!  I am a fan!
5	Pleasantly surprised!  Nice atmosphere, great service, and very tasty food!
4	We were just out and about, stopped in. My expectations were drop kicked to the curb. This place was awesome. I really enjoyed the food. The beans seemed home made like my momma's.  The service was awesome. It was very clean and really enjoyable. I will be back to combat my hangovers with some good ceviche.
5	Great food!Friendly service!Attractive restaurant!Anaya's Fresh Mexican food is how they bill themselves. Fresh for sure!  I loved my dish. It was arroz con pollo (chicken with rice). An attractive plate that included lightly sauteed zucchini, mushrooms and peppers in a spicy sauce. A generous dish so I had leftovers--a lot of food for the price. Lunch buddy enjoyed the same dish except with prawns (shrimp).Anaya's has an extensive menu, the usual Mexican fare but lots of different dishes and many that included seafood. They open early and even have a drive thru where you can get takeouts, like breakfast burritos or lunch or dinner. How convenient!The Mexican furnishings and decor are authentic and outstanding--a cheerful atmosphere. Our server had a great attitude, friendly and helpful. Anaya's is a new family-owned restaurant in Glendale. I hope it does well because it has a lot to offer. Looking forward to another visit and trying some other dishes.
5	Tried it today for the first time. The food was very good and reasonably priced. My only "complaint" is the server never asked if we needed  refills on our drinks, which we did. The spicy, but very awesome salsa was the culprit. I will be back, I'm sure.
5	Excellent food, extensive menu, a+++
4	A place that probably won't last, which is too bad. There's nothing bad to say about the restaurant, service, or food. Unfortunately there isn't anything good to say about the food either. The food is fine, it's just not worth going back for. Gave 4 stars because its clean & servers are nice.
3	I used to go to this place before it burned down so I figured I would give it a shot since it was completely rebuilt.  I was disappointed to find out it was a totally new owner, name, recipes and menu.  They did an outstanding job of renovating the place.I came in for lunch one day and ordered the fajitas.  The food was just okay.  Your typical run of the mill mexican restaurant.  I was disappointed with the portions as they were rather small.  For the amount of money I spent I feel that the portions were skimpy and therefore I havent been back.
4	I have been wanting to try Anayas for a while now but my husband was skeptical. He either wants Macayo's for sit down or Filiberto's for drive thru. Anaya's is a little bit of both.  Stopped in on a Friday night around 6:30 to find it empty except 1 table with 3 diners. That was a red flag but we were greeted promptly and the restaurant was exceptionally clean, even the restrooms were spotless. We were seated quickly and immediately were given chips and salsa, and without asking they brought out basically tomato sauce for my 5 year old son. He was ecstatic, he had his own salsa and it made him feel special.I wasn't really feeling Mexican..I know, I know, so I just ordered a cheese crisp. My husband ordered the Expresso Burrito with Asada, the child ordered off the kid's menu. All items are only $3.99 and come with either rice & beans or fries. He wanted the kid's cheese crisp. I tried to get him to order something else..so we could share, but he wasn't having it.  My husbands Aunt ordered a Pastor street taco with rice. Food came out quickly and was plated attractively.  My cheese crisp looked run of the mill, but I have to say it was exceptional. I'm really can't place what they did to that tortilla but it was delightfully crisp..almost like it was deep fried.  Husbands burro was of good size but he said the meat was cooked to much. I tried it and I would order it next time. To me the meat was carmelized from the grill and had excellent flavor. Aunt said the Pastor was good, she would visit and order the same thing again.  I did try the son's rice & beans. The beans had a good taste but the rice was just run of the mill spanish rice.Our first dining experience at Anaya's was a excellent one, and it's a place we keep on our list. For 3 adults and a child our bill was only $40 and that included a margarita, Dos XX's and a soda. Fresh, fast food in a friendly, clean atmosphere. I hope they survive in this economy, it's a great neighborhood restaurant.
5	Found this very very nice Mexican restaurant close to 43rd & Dunlap It's called Anaya's Food is amazingly tasty  & the guys/dames who run this place are very hospitable & friendly!!!That means a lot coming from a picky eater & a food critic like me - as you know!U should come here with ur friends!They have a full bar!!
5	This restaurant is fast becoming our neighborhood restaurant... let me tell you why.  First, you feel at home, always a smile, super super clean, the service is fast but the food is delish and hot.  The Blue margarita... is must have!!!! after one, you can't drink and drive... hahaha, sooooooooo good.  Bottom line is, we love it... we go once a week, the price is so good, we can actually afford to go once or twice a week.  I hope it stays the way it is... plus my hubby loves when the waiter call him "my friend" LOL.
2	Uses lard and chicken stock.... Not very friendly or knowledgeable. Would not return.
5	This place is great and has the best ceviche I have ever had its made with tiger shrimp and the customer service is out this world you have to try this place
4	This is a solid place! We have been here a few times and they get an A+ on, fresh tasting food, friendliness and cleanliness!  Everything we have ordered has been really good. Ceviche is great and is loaded with fresh seafood, tomatoes, cucumbers and avocado! .Yummy! Give them a try!
5	The BEST salsa lives here!  The restaurant is very clean, has cute booths, and friendly service.  Fajitas were tasty and we really enjoyed this restaurant.
5	This place was good ...i felt like I was at my friend Alans house!!! lets just say I felt like I was in Mexico with the music playing..the food was fresh very tasty. Chips in salsa was on point like a box cutter. People were friendly ..overall place was clean and I will be coming here more often ..no more Filismoothies for this litto stomach.
5	Met a coworker up at this place at first glance it looks like a generic Mexican restaurant chain that ends with bertos. Once I stepped in I thought I was in Narnia, colorful walls and animated tables and chairs filled the room. They were playing traditional regional mexican music reminded me of my friend Alan's house ( he's a Mexican that I met looking for work outside Home Depot) . The menu has fair prices for the quality of food they serve I ordered the huevos rancheros with a Jamaica ( you get one free re fill). The waiter was very friendly he looks like aziz ansari he was very efficient. All in all it was a good experience. I will be coming back to try the melon margarita.
4	Been here a couple times and I've left happy each time.The food is good, not authentic really, but definitely good.The margarita flavors are interesting (banana?) but also good.I would definitely come back.Oh, and parking is usually super easy because it's in a shared lot.
4	i went based on good to great recent reviews.and they didnt disappoint. i had machaca breakfast w/came w/rice n beans n tortillas. however, when asked for another order of tortillas i wasnt informed there was a charge. to my surprise it was $1.50 for 2 small flour tortillas. you can get a dozen  for .99........anyways food was good but lil things like that dont sit well w/me n im sure you can agree. like free refills or extra salsa come on guys...ill bring to their attention next time personally...
4	We used to be regulars at Mixteca before moving right around the corner from this place so we were really hoping that Anaya's could be our new favorite. Everyone that helped us was super friendly and the food is pretty good too. We were underwhelmed by the street tacos and they seemed small for $3.25 each. I got the 2 item combo plate for less than $10 which is a good deal! I love that they have a drive thru where you can pick up take-out. This was a good find!
5	Great food, great service. Try the super hot sauce.
5	We love Anaya's! They treat our family like their family! We have small children and they go out of their way to make it a good experience for them. The food is excellent and we love their salsa. My two year old daughter eats the salsa with a spoon!
3	Seeing all the 5 Star Reviews, I made a point of stopping into Anaya's for lunch today.  I ordered my usual once or twice a week Mexican lunch, a Chile Relleno Combo with rice, refried beans & a hard shell shredded beef taco.                                                                                                                                            `THE BEST:     :-))*  Stylish, casual, mid-sized full service restaurant with a full bar.*  Friendly, attentive service.*  Very inexpensive!*  Both the chips & the salsa were 5 Stars!*  Excellent menu choices & layout.*  Good-sized Pablano Chile Relleno.                                                                                                                                           `THE OK:     :-)*  Portion sizes overall.*  I thought the rice was a little better than average.*  The beans & taco were passable.                                                                                                                                           `The NOT-AS OK:     :-|*  The music was playing too loudly.*  My Chile Relleno seemed a little undercooked.Chile Relleno & Taco Lunch Combo is only $6.25 (plus another 20% off for Srs. on Tuesdays!).     :-))
5	I have been here about twenty times. It was good from the start, but, every time there is some little improvement that impresses me even more. Last night I had theh 9 oz New York Strip medium rare, rice, whole pinto beans, a chile relleno. and some flour tortillas.  I always dump a whole little dish of their fresh salsa on my rice. I also had a margarita the way I prefer them with Cointreau and Corralejo Blanco Tequila. Everything was very tasty.  I will get the exact same thing next time.
5	Great quality! Best Mexican food in Glendale, nice decor, good service!
4	My first visit to this cafe and it was wonderful.I ordered the chipotle chicken, very delicious, good flavor, it was Saturday evening and to my surprise, there was a mariachi band, how nice to have a fresh new  restaurant in my neighborhood.
5	I've been in Arizona for 11 years and finally we have found a Mexican restaurant that we love.  In two days I've eaten here twice.  First day I had their street tacos and day two I had their carnitas and they were both excellent.  Anaya's is clean, comfortable, great prices and tasty.  I highly recommend it!
4	Clean place, great salsa, great service and really good food!  So glad we had lunch here. Do yourself a favor and try the Carne asada.
5	Anaya's is a great place to eat some legit Mexican food, and I'm from New Mexico where we love spicy. The salsa is actually pretty good and has a little spice to it. It's really hard to find good salsa in Arizona. So it's a pleasant surprise. If you have kids, they even bring out a not-at-all spicy version of their salsa and I find that to be awesome. I normally get the make-your-own combo plate with three items, chicken or beef taco, chicken enchilada, and red tamale. The taco is amazing 9 out of 10 times. That one time, it will come out a little to crispy or burnt. The enchilada is on point. As for the tamale, the first time I ordered it it was spicy and had great flavor. Since then, I feel that the masa has been extra lard-y tasting. So beware. If you're in the mood for an adult drink, try the "Bartender's Special Margarita" Mmm! All-in-all, they have great service, a great atmosphere and above average food. And for an added taste of Mexicana, go there on a Saturday evening for live mariachi music.
3	Perfectly good Mexican food in Glendale. The hot tortilla chips and spicy salsa keep coming throughout the meal. The carnitas were dry, yet had a lot of flavor. Margaritas were fine, typical sour mix and cheap tequila. The restaurant is accommodating to larger groups and splitting checks. This was my second time and I enjoyed it. Not the best mexican in the whole world, yet very tasty.*BONUS - check in on yelp on your phone and take 20% off your bill
2	Went to try this after months of driving by. Its right by our house so we thought we would finally give it a try. The food was ok and way overpriced. I paid $10.99 for a chimichanga that was the size of a taco bell bean burrito and the beans werent very good either. I will not be back. Macayo's here I come!
5	A blurb in Phoenix magazine caught my eye (great chips and salsa and $3 happy hour margaritas) and the 4 star Yelp ratings said it was worth a try. Happy to report that this place exceeded all our expectations. Chips and salsa are excellent, the margaritas are great (though we missed the happy hour special) and the food is fresh and excellent. Yelp had a 20% coupon which they gladly accepted. Our food came and it was as advertised fresh and very tasty. The guacamole that came with my carne asada was in a fried tortilla bowl which I ate after wolfing down the freshly made contents. Overall the food and friendly service will certainly bring us back here again.
5	Excellent. Friends and I arrived there for an early lunch prior to our flight from PHX. Delicious food, fun atmosphere, and attentive service. I with I lived in Phoenix so I could come back more often! We could not have been happier.
4	It's good food (what the rest of my party had) and great service, but my entree fell short. It wasn't bad just unremarkable. I mark a good Mexican restaurant by how well they make their chile rellenos - this one had the seeds still in it. Which shows lack of attention to details in prep and just ruins the chile. It was flavorless and I pushed it aside. Super attentive servers.  Fast refills. Really good prices for food and drinks, including Margaritas.
5	Fourth time in and has been excellent every time. Some of the best chips and salsa and excellent margaritas. Latest dish I've had was the Chile Verde, very fresh and tasty. Highly recommended.
5	We just discovered this place and loved it! I had the enchilada deluxe with ground beef and green sauce and my boyfriend had a carne asada burrito. Their food is just great and the staff very friendly. I enjoy coming here once a week, if you go on a Friday they have live music playing. It's very very nice and I recommend it to anyone looking for great Mexican food.
3	Good, but not great . . . Reasonably priced . . .  Sunday after 2 PM was not crowded.  Staff friendly.
4	Love this place! Visited phoenix in March, had an excellent experience with kids and family. Second visit in July, and another great dining experience. Waiter was extremely courteous, informed us mariachi bands Saturdays @6. I had the steak fajita lunch and hubs had seafood chimi! We will visit again!
4	Definitely my new favorite Mexican restaurant.  This is my third time here to get the seafood chimi... It is absolutely to die for.
4	The food for the most part was delicious. The Steak Fajita Salad was okay, the steak lacked flavor and could have been more moist. The Chile Relleno and chips/salsa were good. On the other hand, the Pollo Fundido was one of the best I've ever had. The chicken was very moist and had lots of flavor. I would go back for that reason alone. Also, the service was good, the waitress we had was very attentive.
5	Tasty and fresh.  My family had a wonderful Father's Day here.
5	Very clean place, food is delicious The taste is like a homemade Mexican food. The server are really friendly. I recommend this place.
4	Much better this time..
4	Always good and always friendly service. Have even ordered dishes that weren't on the menu and they made it no problem and it came out great. No complaints at all. Definitely worth stopping by and trying for yourself.
5	Hands down best Mexican food in town. The colorful atmosphere and clean environment makes for a wonderful dining experience with amazing Mexican food. The street tacos are a personal favorite, try it with shredded beef. They make the best micheladas that you can't find anywhere, just like in Cabo and actually on the menu. My older brother introduced us and it's been a love affair since. On our way now to try the other location on Thunderbird.
5	I am a native Phoenician and Mexican American. I was shocked to find this restaurant serving such authentic Mexican dishes. It was similar to my Mother's cooking. Try the seafood with Mojo de Ajo (Garlic sauce). They added peanut butter to the Mojo de Ajo and this was truly a delicacy know  to very few locals.Try the Dos Amigos (Prawns and Scallops) - $13.25. The cooks are the 2 owners  Man and Wife. Beautiful decor and very pleasant young waiters/waitresses  12-29-12  looking forward to 2013
5	Very good good day service very clean.   Good service.  Highly recommend.   Looks like it might be one of our new regular places.
5	Tasty Mexican food!Very prompt and polite service!Colorful decorations, from the tables to chairs to the ceiling!Currently they are having El Trio de Jesse Armenta playing every Saturday night between 6 and 8 pm!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
5	The service is fast and friendly. Ordering is a snap. Street tacos are legit. Asada, cilantro and onion. Why mess with a good thing. Will be back!
5	The service is fast and friendly. Ordering is a snap. Street tacos are legit. Asada, cilantro and onion. Why mess with a good thing. Will be back!  Chips and salsa with every order.  Awesome
5	Love this place! Our waiter was very nice and service was quick. The food was also delicious. Usually when I go to a Mexican food place I am disappointed, but not here. I ordered a chicken chimichanga enchilada style and it was amazing!!!The salsa was very spicy and yummy! I love it here. Will definitely be coming back since I live so close and the service is great.
1	Nope not good at all. They'll up sale you even if you want beans instead of meat in your burro. Burros are the size of taco bell. Waitress not nice.  It's too bad too because when they first opened their portions were good,  service was good. We won't be coming back.  At Popos at least toy get what you pay for.
