5	Best Shwarma in town.really I shouldn't have to say more than this, but for the sake of defending my position.....First Shwarma is a Lebanese dish, meat, often chicken or beef, cooked on a vertical spit over a vertical BBQ of sorts. The meat is shaved off the outsides of the spit as it cooks ensuring you always get crispy goodness. You can either have the meat on a plate with rice, potatoes and salad or as a pita sandwich, similar to a Donner, or souvlaki.What Boustan does differently than everywhere else, is to really grill the finished sandwich over a fire, toasting the pita, this gives a unique taste. And Mr. Boustan is there just about every night, till closing at 4:00am or later, the man really livens up the place. Boustan's has to be good former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau ate here while he was still alive.
5	Come for the shwarma, stay for the falafels. This place is one of my favorite falafel/veggie sandwiches in the world and I've stopped in regularly over the past 15 years. Family run place and you often see the owner's son or daughter working. Quality has gone down slightly when "Mr Boustan" isn't working. But if you go while he's there, action will be high. This place feels like family with everyone in line joking around. Lots of regulars spill out from Crescent. Garlic potatoes also good if you have an appetite. Or after the bars.
4	Baba Ganoush, Hummus, Falafel, stuffed grape leaves with yogurt and Tabbouleh salad with warm pita made a working lunch most bearable!  There were also crisp cuke slices and tomatoes along side our wonderful array of goodies. Even though our lunch was delivery, somehow the goodies arrived warm and those that ordered falafel pita sandwiches were pleased to see that they were not soggy.  I couldn't believe how quickly we gobbled up all that food!  Our bellies full....we got back to the task at hand with a smile on our faces.  Needless to say the Boustan delivery guy made a repeat trip the next day!   I'm finding out, the easy way mind you, that Montreal has a wide variety of ethnic culinary delights....and I've only scratched the surface.
5	When you're in need of some quality fast Labenese food, come to Boustan. This place is open till 4am and offers free delivery, so it's never too far away.The great thing about this place relative to the others is that the pita sandwiches get grilled; this makes all the difference in the world! Also, there are a couple off menu items that are great such as the creation and crazy juice...try both!
5	I went here on numerous occasions over the past 3 years.  The owner is the greatest and makes every effort to prepare your dish how you want it.  The food is unique and can not be matched.  Waiting for a location in the United States.
5	Yummy yum yum. Love Boustan. It's cheap, fresh, and absolutely delicious Lebanese food. And if that's not enough, they also deliver until 4am.
5	Where do I even begin? Pretty much all I can say is: I LOVE THIS PLACE. Another McGill alum and I recently had a discussion about what we would give up to have Boustan in the States. It came down to one of our baby toes and a "crackberry." I never tried anything other than the chicken shawarma or the falafel pita....but they are just that good. Also, the garlic potatoes....oh how I miss those.
5	i dreamed about the chicken shawarma after i ate here on friday night. so i went back for lunch on saturday, and brought friends for dinner on sunday night (we were all in town for a conference). after dinner on sunday my friend s said, "thank you for bringing me here- this is JUST what i needed". word.delicious, fresh, inexpensive- damn near perfect. good for vegetarians and vegans, too. only downside is that it's 5 1/2 hours from my house!
4	authentic lebanese food that is fast and cheap.  i was a bit surprised that the chicken shawarma is more expensive than the beef, but on second inspection, they pack the pita with much more chicken than beef.  we loved the "wetness" of the shawarma with the cabbage and other pickled veggies.  the garlic potatoes were absolutely delicious, and we had hummus on top of it...yum, yum, yum.i would agree that the cleanliness and hygiene of the workers wasn't the best (they would handle food and the money without using gloves/washing hands), but what do expect for $5 sandwiches?when we went, the place was packed with what appeared to be college students from mcgill.  however, we were served very quickly.
4	I just wrote a review of Sabra in Hermosa Beach and found a photo of Boustan from a month ago on my iphone... So, here I am agreeing with everyone else that Boustan is probably the best take-out shawarma anywhere with Zooba's(renamed Balbeck?) in Ottawa a close second. I think my all-time favourite is still Kababji in Dartmouth NS, but Kababji is a sit-down restaurant at a higher price point.
4	Found this place through Yelp and was not disappointed. Had the beef platter and everything was excellent.  In my short trip in Montreal I tried 2 other fast food Lebanese places and this one was definitely the best.  (Comes with hummus, pickled/shredded cucumber, other pickled veggies, rice, meat, and a piece of pita)  The best part of the entire experience was conversing with Mr. Boustan about Montreal and hearing him drop knowledge on some McGill students about the merits of keeping up with class in the short term so they can go out/party/relax on the night before the exam.  Apparently he did this when he was in engineering school.
3	I'm going to disagree with most of the 4 and 5-star ratings here.While Boustan is good, it is at best average.  I will say the service is friendly, although this does not increase the overall rating.I've had the shawarma and kafta at Boustan.  I find the beef fatty and overcooked.  It is further over-marinated and sliced into tiny bits which causes the taste of the beef to be hardly detectable.  The chicken is only marginally better due to the ability to taste the chicken.The kafta is a better offering, a more subtle taste, and certainly more professionally cooked.  I do not care for the grilling of the sandwiches in the panini grill-it is not a technique widely practiced in the Arab world.  I also find the warming of the  offerings, be it shawarma meat that has been sliced and waiting to be served, or rice, in the microwave, to be quite anti-culinary.  A microwave should not be used to reheat a dish-the components should be freshly prepared.
5	Montreal has plenty of cheap lebanese fast take out places but Boustan is definitely the best! It's cheap, the service is great, it's open late, they deliver, and the food is delicious! Not much atmosphere to sit and eat in there, but the quality of the food more than makes up for it and you can always get it delivered or take it out. I have only ever had the shish taouk (or chicken shawarma) but their other options look equally good. I recommend getting it spicy! Their hot sauce is great!It is well deserving of the great reviews.
5	Yes, this has to be one of the best places to get Lebanese food.  It's cheap; fast; and dirty, but in a good way.  Their shish taouk is so super tasty.  I'm not sure what they do differently here from other fast-food Lebanese places but it really is the best.  And cheap.  And good.  My mouth is watering.
5	This shit is the BOMB, no pun intended because it's a Lebanese place either.  Every time I visit Montreal, I make this my first stop, and this time I took 9 other Los Angelino's with me to experience this gastro-phenomenon.I've had EVERYTHING on the menu at one point or another.  I like the way they toast the pita sandwich so that it doesn't fall apart - nice touch.  The home fries and mayonnaise is worth the heart attack, and the owner is super nice and friendly.So the place is a bit dirty, so what - don't lick the walls.  Take it to go and eat it elsewhere, but just eat here period.
2	I don't understand why so many people seem to be orgasming over this place. The food isn't that good. Sure, it's pretty cheap, but the food is mediocre, especially if you've ever been anywhere over the Atlantic.I had a falafel sandwich while I tried food off of the plates that my friends got. My falafel was fine, but nothing special. It was cooked in a rather interesting way; the pita is pretty thin, so they make it like a wrap and then stick it in a contraption and grill it. It holds together pretty well. The other food that I sampled was also fine.Reading the reviews, I thought that this place might be akin to L'as du falafel in Paris, but this place is nowhere near the same level. Good for a cheap, adequate meal, but not much else. Definitely not worth a visit if you're just visiting Montreal.
3	Good, cheap, pretty average but yummy middle eastern.  I like that they deliver and are friendly.  I don't like that they microwave your food while in the styrofoam container, just weird and what does that release into the food?I will probably eat here again.
2	I am going reduce Boustan from three-stars to two-stars.I had two shawarmas: one chicken and one beef.The exteriors of both were warm and crunchy and therefore started to disintegrated after the first bite.The interiors were cold and dry; the vegetables chilled and the meat, at best, lukewarm.  The beef is already pre-cut and drawn from some metal storage tub-it is tasteless, stringy, and dry.This place is filthy-dirty; food on the floors and trash spilling out of garbage cans.  I see very little good about this place apart from the quasi-reasonable prices.
4	Tasty, inexpensive Lebanese food.  Perfect for a light lunch after hiking around the Museum Quarter.I shared the falafel sandwich and the mixed shwarama plate with a friend.  Everything was fresh and well-seasoned and the hummus is great.  All in all, we were very satisfied.  The staff are a highlight of this place: very friendly and very courteous.True, the place is a little less tidy than your average North American eatery, but the food and the staff more than make up for it.
5	Ask for "The Creation".  It's not on the menu and never will be, but it's the best thing you'll ever eat.
5	My girlfriend and I were tentative about going in - looked like just another bottom-floor ethnic food restaurant. However, the owner saw us and invited us in and then talked to us like we were family for 45 minutes. The food was really quite tastey. We both had vegetarian platters that Mr. Boutan specially designed for us. Everyone in the neighborhood seemed to know and like him and I think that speaks volumes about how he does business. Bottom line - if you want a delicious, cheap, middle eastern dish in a warm atmosphere, this is the place. I will definitely come back next time to Montreal.
4	I was in Montreal (for the first time ever) this past weekend... We arrived in the city just past 10:00 pm, and quickly took a cab to rue Sainte-Catherine.  The cabbie suggested that we *not* go to Amir's, but instead go to, in his words,  "the best middle eastern" place in all of Montreal.We did, and he was right.. although I have no basis for comparison (at least with other places in Montreal).The chef owner was friendly, and seemed genuinely interested in "taking care of us". Three of our party were vegetarian (one of whom was vegan). He prepared a vegetarian wrap, sans falafel (which was served on the side with rice.. .great touch).I got the chicken shawarma plate. It was as good as any I have tasted (although the saurkraut and garlic yoghurt stole the show for me).Loved it so much that we went back the next day for more.Go for the food, stay for the service !
4	It's 3:30am and after karaoke-ing, Lebanese food sounded like a perfect way to end the night. Boustan's is a teeny eatery situated downstairs from a nightclub, a spot where all the drunkies go to post partying. Oh but boustan's isn't just good for post-drunk meal, (i.e. dennys lol), their food is absolutely delicious.The staff looks like they've been there for too long, but hey they're doing something right with their food.Tried their potatoes had this yummy creamy garlic sauce atop. Also tried their chicken shwarma pita. The pita was toasted warm, crunchy on the outside, and soft inside. Their mix of veggies they throw in there definitely adds more life to that pita. One thing I didn't fancy was that they went overboard with their garlic mayo sauce. Wayyy too much of that in there, but you'd hate to ask for an amended version because the main guy here reminds you of the soup nazi. Like, this ain't BK, it would almost be rude to have it your way. Nonetheless, all the food was good, and cheap.Better than many of the LA spots that serve similar food, but certainly still not the best. Solid 4 stars here.
5	It's been almost a month since we visited Montreal, and the bf can't stop talking about how great Boustan's food is. I have to agree, Boustan was pretty damned good and CHEAP. I love good cheap eats. Boustan is on the lower level of a building near all the bars on Rue Crescent. Which is great for a late snack after knocking back a few. I had the beef shawarma trio and the bf had the chicken shawarma wrap. For six bucks, they give you a lot of food. The beef was delicious, tender and juicy. The flavors were amazing. Service is cafeteria style in that you line-up at the counter, put in your order and pick out your sides. The staff is friendly and there's a giant flat screen in the dining area in case you don't want to miss out on that Alouettes game.Highly recommend checking out Boustan for some amazing, cheap eats!
5	Really amazing taste. Get a trio.
4	Great food, friendly service, yet very inexpensive! I was craving Lebanese food so while in Montreal I decided to check this place out (thanks to other recommendations on Yelp). We ended up going twice (dinner and then lunch the next day). My husband got a beef gyros and I got a vegetarian one and the kids had hummus and tabouli salad. By far, the best meal we had in Montreal!
5	Perfect for lunch, a quick bit or a quick dinner. The shwarma is amazing and the potatoes are a perfect side. We happened to find this through yelp and it was a great find.
1	One star for being unsanitary. I can forgive a lot when it comes to restaurants, but blatant disregard for sanitary food preparation is a deal-breaker.The guy behind the counter got mad when we asked for water instead of buying a can of soda for $1.35 and would only give us a single tiny cup to share. I understand drinks are a big source of profit, and he was mad he wasn't getting that on this sale. I can overlook that.I got the kafta arayess and my wife got the chicken shawarma. All meat comes from a big pre-cut pile. Some items go on an open grill. Most items go into a microwave there in front of you. They're busy, and pre-cutting and nuking are fast. I can overlook that.I actually really enjoyed my sandwich. The meat was spiced well. The sauce was great. The beets tasted like they were past their prime, but nothing to detract from an overall decent meal. Despite the service, this was shaping up to be a 3-star experience... then we saw one of the men behind the counter pick up some of the pre-cut meat with his bare hands, eat it, lick his fingers, and continue preparing food. We were shocked.I can't overlook that. That's just disgusting and irresponsible.
5	ZOMG!  I love this place.  When I lived in Montreal, I went there once a week.  The food is so good and convenient.  The potatoes are awesomely tasty, and the schwarma is to die for.I go to Boustan every time I visit Montreal now.  This place is amazing!
4	Good cheap and plentiful. The falafel was among the better I've had in Montreal and the shawarma plentiful. Would enjoy again.
4	One of those hole-in-the-wall treasures. Good prices and delicious food. While I love the platters, my go-to is the trio because their finishing touch of grilling the wrap is GENIUS. Also good potatoes with garlic sauce. It's worth breathing that on people all day, let me tell you!
2	We ordered the shawarma plate & a sandwich here during lunch hour for around $13. The food was so-so considering there are a lot of middle-eastern options around the city. The lady at the counter was a pusher - quick to tell you what you "should" order. We also found the ambience a bit dingy for our taste.
5	One of the best shishtaouk in town
4	The garlic sauce and garlic mayo are so addictive that the secret ingredient has got to be crack! One of the good Middle-Eastern joints in the city in my opinion. Yes it's a hole in the wall but the food is delicious and cheap. Plus the owner is very friendly: very chatty and he seems to know everybody. Will be back next time am drinking in the Concordia area!
2	All food is pre made and reheated on a styrofoam plate. Overall relatively cheap. But If you're expecting nyc mamouns type quality, you should look elsewhere.
4	"Hole-in-the-wall treasure!" is right on target. As before, Boustan struggles if you need attention to detail, but the food is honestly great. The Kafta Arayess has just about made me forget the Shawarma for good.Only two things to keep an eye on: one, the overuse of garlic mayo - I'd argue to even just skip it given how good the hummus is - and two, that you'll need a very "Quebecer-like" voice to keep staff on-target if you need to custom order. You can request anything you like, but with orders coming fast and frequent don't expect yours to be anything more than cookie-cutter unless you keep an eye on it and speak up!Boustan has a lot of history and the food is honestly worth going for, so don't let the new management get you down. It is, as it was, an oasis for the late night food traveller.
2	It took 15 minutes to order our food from the counter because they were so slow and disorganized. The quantities are less than most middle eastern places and the falafel was dry and grainy.
5	Other patrons say 6*!!!
4	just got in to montreal tonight and ordered after reading reviews on Boustan.  i wanted a place that delivered.i ordered falafal pitas, grape leaves, tabouli.  all was really good and i could not believe how fast the delivery was.  my hotel is just around the corner, but, when they told me "we'll get there as soon as we can," i expected that could mean a really long time.  the food was delivered in less than 15 minutes and it's saturday night.  i'm impressed.cheap, fast delivery and really good for quick, cheap, delivery food.  i'd order it again.
4	Extremely friendly service and very affordable prices. If you are not familiar with the CFL do not mistake pictures of the owner with the "Stanley cup" on the wall like I did which he was quick to correct is the Grey Cup. Chicken shawarma is a must.
4	I showed up here late on a Thursday night after a long and terrible bus ride from Toronto. The place was packed, but the owner was cheerful and efficient.  I ordered a chicken shawarma sandwich, and it was filled right up and then grilled to perfection.  The guys ahead of me ordered something off-menu that seemed to be a combination of chicken and beef and something else inside the same sandwich.  Brilliant, and I will probably try it next time.   Price per shawarma sandwich: $4.50. From the reviews on the wall, it's obvious that this place is not only a Montreal institution, but a work of love of the owner. The photos of customers in Boustan t-shirts around the world are a cool touch. Highly recommend.
3	If you need to satisfy your 3:30 AM hunger with some adequately tasty, cheap and quickly delivered food, you can't do much better than Boustan.
3	the chicken shwarma sandwich was pretty good, but not the best i've had.  the sandwich was dripping with grease, which might freak other people out, but i'm ok with it.  the potatoes with the garlic cream sauce is off the chain though!
5	My friend felt it was the best Middle Eastern they've ever had - and I'm inclined to agree.  For you Vancouverites, this joint is better than Cafe Babylon of old in my estimation - yup, it's that good.We stumbled into this joint randomly for some pre-drink eats before continuing our trek down Crescent.  Yelp said it was good - and Yelp was right.  This place is *insanely* busy - for good reason.  After a long line-up and fighting with their non-stop ringing delivery phone, we finally got our orders in.My friend really liked her vegetarian plate and the chicken shawarma sandwich I had was insanely good.  Juicy chicken, fresh veggies and pita was a good amount of char which gave it a nice crunch.  Yes, it's greasy... but good greasy.  I was sitting there wondering, "Wow - how good would this taste if I drunk?"... well... I found out a few hours later because we decided we want more Boustan after drinking far too much with the kiddies on Crescent.  Sober - this place is damned good.  Drunk - this place is "fuuuugin' ammmazzzzing".  And we were not the only fans - people were asking if they could take pictures with the man behind the mystical food, Mr. Boustan.  Being drunk, we got in on the action as well.  Funny dude - as he handed our food order over, he commented that he liked my friend but not me.  This was a bit of a shock for me -- I thought I was the 'cute' one.  Oh well.Despite being drunk, I actually had the presence of mind to grab a take out menu before leaving.  Skip forward to the next night - after stumbling back to the hotel after failing to find anything appetizing on the walk back from the bar.  I find a Boustan menu on the desk and I think to myself, "Drunken Johnson - you magnificent sexy beast - you are a genius!"  Seriously, I'm so good that I scare myself sometimes.These guys deliver until 4AM.  I repeat... 4AM!  For free!  If they only delivered to Vancouver... hmmm....
4	This place is a legend.  It's a small place, with hand pained murals. Perfect for late night party-goers or students grabbing a quick bite. I usually get the chicken pita - the chicken is tender and moist, though you'll sometimes fins a few pieces of fat.  It's loaded with fresh tomatoes and garlic sauce, and delicious cole slaw, which adds a nice tangy crunch! None of this lettuce business here, my friends! The potatoes are great, with a little bit of spice and coriander.  They're topped with a dollop of garlic sauce deliciousness. It an get a little intense grease-wise, so you might want to share them. The owner and his son are friendly and jovial.  You'll even get a little life advice while waiting in line.
5	Favorite late night snack in Montreal. One of my favorite late night snacks anyplace. Right on Crescent, so close to the bars. The shawarma is delicious (order with everything on it). Also inexpensive. The fries with sauce are amazing. Go here at least once everytime I visit Montreal. Very friendly service.
5	When the owner of this place bought that little hole underground in the heart of what is Montreal's party town, I don't think he realized how much of a gold mine he was sitting on.At first glance, it looks like just another Middle Eastern good restaurant in Montreal.  There are PLENTY.  About as many as there are steamed hotdog joints.But what sets this place apart from the rest isn't some amazing ambiance, smiling courteous wait staff (the place is too small for that anyway), but its amazing food.Ironically enough, there is another middle eastern restaurant right next door called Amirs, which isn't anywhere near as good.  The food is fresh, the chicken, beef and lamb are marinated and seasoned, the garlic sauce is to die for, their coleslaw has just the right flavor, their falafals are moist and very tasty... the food overall is outstanding.  It's also rather popular among local sports stars.  The place is known to be the go to place for Middle Eastern food for the Montreal Canadians and Montreal Alouettes.   It's also got celebrity autographs.  The place is a local legend when it comes to the unique flavor of Middle Eastern food.  Their prices are also spectacular.  For anyone with drunken hunger after a party night out on Crescent, you can get a small feast for under 10$ here.A lot of places will use canned/bottled food on their menu but this place makes their food fresh, and they are family owned, so you know there is care in it.I would recommend this place to anyone living in the city, or anyone visiting the city, who enjoy classic, flavorful middle eastern cuisine.   And they deliver until 4 AM!
4	Boustan was our first meal in Montreal and it delivered.  Great Chicken Shawarma and oh-so-satisfying Roasted Potatoes.  Glad we did some research and reading up on our choices, I would've been disappointed if we ended up at the mass produced Amir and Basha.  Friendly guys behind the counter.  No frills decor and service.
1	This place used to be my go to place (especially at 4 am in the morning) whenever I was hungry and was looking for some cheap tasty authentic food. But since Mr. Boustan "The Legend" himself has retired, it's just another "Amir" and it's not worth it anymore. Sad sad story :( Boustan was filled with life an energy now the staff is rude and entitled.Their garlic potatoes are still interesting enough for tourists to adventure there but... Waste of taste in my opinion.
5	Best shish taouk ever. Having a bad day? Go here. Having a great day? Go here. Raining outside? Go here. On a diet? Well.... Maybe not. But really a montreal must go to
2	It's not bad. I don't go to many Arabic restaurants, since I can get the real deal at home, but Boustan is better than most fast food Arabic restaurants out there. If it still had the old management, I'd give them 4-5 stars. However, the new management isn't up to par. I've seen and heard them be terrible to customers, which would've never happened before. In my experience, they were just dull and didn't have much personality. Before, no matter what mood you walked in with, you were sure to leave with a smile on your face, if not laughing up a storm. Service is key, come on guys - get with the program!So long as they're fresh, the potatoes are good. I made sure to ask if I could try a piece and the server chuckled, well - chuckle all you want buddy, not only are my taste buds in check, but I'm Arab too and know my Arabic food. I'm not going to pay for something dry and tasteless that was cooked 2-3 days ago, either. Chicken shish-taouk or kafta sandwich are the way to go, but this place has lost its charm.
3	For just over $4 a shawarma, I suppose I can't really complain about the size...but take note - if you're a big eater, you'll need two.The sauces were good and they're very generous with them, and I liked the fact that the wrap was lightly toasted, but nothing else really wowed me. The chicken was decent, the tomatoes were underripe...just OK, overall.
4	This place.... Looks like a hole in the wall when you walking by and nothing big when you walk in either.BUT and i mean a BIG BUT, you order the Shawarma, potatoes with garlic sauce on'em and your in heaven.  I've had the grape leaves and they are delicious.For a quick meal or wanting something good and consistent to eat this is a the place, because they're open late, the is great, and you know you wont be disappointed.
4	This was a good quick and cheap lunch option close to the fine arts museum. It was obvious that the local students favored the place as well. The chicken shwarma was delicious!
3	I ate here several times on a trip to Montreal.Very Friendly.  I think that they had Wifi.Nothing was really freshly made.  All microwaved.But a good cheap eat.
3	- good shawarma. very good. they toast the pita lightly on the grill, and use cabbage instead of lettuce. - great kebbeh and garlic sauce- was saddened by the fact that the rice and potatoes were microwaved
5	A Montreal mainstay. If you are looking for chicken schwarma forget the chain restos and head to Boustans.
4	Boustan is definitely a must go Montreal staple! Second to Abu Elias, Boustan is my favourite lebanese spot! But if you go around 2am, expect a really long lineup. Their falafel is the best and, even though they changed owners a short while back, I'm happy to see they've been able to keep up the quality.
5	Simply the best shawarma I have ever had. I have tried to find something as good from San Francisco to Vancouver to Toronto and even Istanbul and nothing has ever come close.The way they grill the sandwich combined with specs meat, the garlic sauce, and the perfect turnips is simply worth a trip to the city alone!
5	Clearly a love or hate type thing.. I won't write out a long essay because the place already has 65 reviews for you to base your opinion on..  But personally, it is my absolute go-to place after drinking all night on Crescent street.  The place looks like a dump but when you see all the celebrity pictures on the wall, it goes to show you that looks aren't everything.  Absolutely delicious all-white-meat chicken shawarma that is filled with their signature coleslaw topping, and the pita is cooked on an actual open charcoal grill which gives it an amazing crisp edge and awesome flavor.  Nothing even CLOSE to as good in all of Ontario. 5/5 hands down, and it's well deserved.  Cheap, open all night, and tasty.  What more can you ask for?They even deliver at 4am if you're at your hotel room and have the munchies
4	Can't believe only a few talked about "the creation". It's like their chicken wrap, but with eggplant and the amazing garlic potatoes *inside*! It's listed on their website but not on the menu on the wall. Only downside is that the quantities of each ingredient vary based on who makes it, so if you order delivery instead of in person, you never know how much you'll get. (-1 star for inconsistency) Best shawarma in Montreal though.
4	Great lebanese style shawarma at such a low price! This place was packed even at 5pm but the service is quick and a good place to eat if you're travelling on a budget. The restaurant is very close to the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and is a good place to stop for a quick lunch.
5	Boustan has never let me down. Every time I have friends visiting Montreal I take them for a chicken shawarma trio at Boustan and they are always blown away! The coleslaw they put in the shawarma is tangy and crunchy, and the toppings are always fresh. I don't know what their secret is for the garlic sauce but it is delicious! The potatoes are tasty, though they are usually just re-heated in the microwave before being served. My favourite for after a long night out on Crescent street.The best: chicken shawarma trio (with potatoes and a drink)
4	Chicken shawarma was very good. It's a great place for a late, quick, cheap dinner. The employees were all very friendly. I would definitely go back if I lived in Montreal.
5	Man, what a place to eat at...especially after drinking most of the night!  Don't judge the place based on the looks.  This place actually has some very good...it surprised me very much.  All I can say, just check them out!  :)
5	Great example of a hole in the wall that turns out delicious food.
5	I've been eating at Boustan for about 10 years when I have the opportunity to be in Montreal.  This place is not some shitty tourist place as some people I know have denigrated it.  This place is legitimate in every way.  Yes, it's on Crescent Street and Boustan has a huge advantage from tourists in this location.  Boustan's food stands on its own, though, and is not influenced by anything other than a commitment to fresh, delicious ingredients which afford every customer with a symphony of flavors while adhering to tradition.  I recommend Restaurant Boustan in the strongest way possible.
5	Delicious and inexpensive food near Concordia University. Opens late too.The place doesn't look like much. The first time I came upon Boustan, I stayed because the food smells great and there was a long line. I am glad I stayed.The sandwiches are grilled and delicious. They are cheap for Montreal standards. One sandwich is the perfect size for my girlfriend, however, I would need two sandwiches or a plate. The sandwiches are wrapped in wax paper that's easy to open and hold.For the plates, definitely go for the chicken shawarma instead of beef. The chicken is hot off the rotating vertical spit, while beef is is not. You can try both by getting a combo plate or sandwich, with half chicken and half beef. There is a version where you get three meats I forgot what it's called, a classmate ordered one of those as a sandwich.When you order a plate the rice / potatoes are microwaved on a styrofoam plate, but I can forgive that due to how great it tastes. (With the unavoidable amount of second hand smoke in Montreal, the styrofoam plate is not a huge concern to me).Anyway, try to have it all dressed with all ingredients (I have it with no onions. In addition, one of the ingredients is a delicious garlic mayo, so if you got an interview, might want to hold the garlic sauce). For the plate I usually get chicken with half tomato rice and half potatoes. Definitely try the sandwich if you don't want microwave or styrofoam touching your food.
3	This is a popular Lebanese restaurant at the southern entrance of the popular Crescent Street area of Montreal - the English-speaking side of the city's infamous partying street.  Boustan is really popular in the late night hours when people are pouring out onto Crescent Street around last call.  They gorge themselves with shawarmas and kabobs which is excellent drunk food.One thing you can order that's not on the menu is the "creation special" where they liberally add toppings like eggplant and potatoes to your sandwich.Honestly, I don't find the quality to be that good. Boustan came highly recommended from a friend but I didn't find it to live up to the hype. The food just doesn't taste fresh nor is it very warm.
5	LOVE this place. Excellent meat (usually). Sometimes it's dried out, but hey, can't be perfect every time. It's reasonably priced, AND they deliver for free without having to spend a huge amount on food. I go to this restaurant for lunch a lot, and order it on weekends. It's amazing, and the service is pretty good. Check it out! :)
5	This resto has outstanding middle eastern  cuisine. The "creation" is the most popular item with the works. It has eggplants, pickled turnips, garlic potatoes, chicken, garlic sauce & lettuce. You can ask for spicy or not and will definitely need extra napkins!!!The service is fast and exact. The kitchen is clean and well organized.  A definite bonus when at a late night eatery.
5	Hands down THE BEST place for shish taouk! Staff is quick, and friendly, and the food NEVER disappoints. Only downside: the bathrooms.
2	The falafel I had there was not fresh at all and the falafel balls were still cold in the centre when served to me. The garlic potatoes were quite mushy but tasted good. I prefer mine crispier. Overall the in ingredients are not fresh and the service is adequate. I have yet to find a place to get my authentic fresh falafel sandwich I used to get at Aldaya (used to be on crescent) before it closed.
5	This review is based on the chicken shawarma which is the only thing I had here. And why would anyone have anything else when it's that good? I'm Lebanese and this best shawarma sandwich I've had.
5	AMAZING Chicken Shawarma! I've had my fair share of shawarma, and this was by far the best I have had. They meat is amazing, I asked for spicy, which was even better, and they toast the bread, which makes it crispy and delicious! It definitely deserves its reputation!
3	Bit of a hole in the wall, but decently furnished and clean.I had the chicken shawarma trio, which came to a little over 8 dollars after tax. The staff were fairly quick and efficient, nothing to complain about.The food was decent, not as good as I had expected and read about. The meat wasn't dry, but neither was it extremely tasty. The bulk of the flavour in the shawarma was from the coleslaw and toasted pita, which were good. The roasted potatoes are mildly reheated in the microwave, but the garlic sauce accompanying it is quite lovely. All in all a decent meal at a decent price, but nothing to write home about. Average tasting meat and reheated potatoes keep this place from a higher rating.
5	Best damn falafel sandwich which has ever entered my pie hole.  Moist, tasty, chick-pea/fava balls of glory wrapped in ultra crispy pita bread with just the right balance of veggies and white sauce in the mix to make this sammy a tongue pleaser.Will be back for more no-animals-were-harmed-in-making-this-sandwich-awesomeness.
5	Boustan is my favorite food in Montreal, and I know what some of you are thinking, but this place is perfect: cheap, big, delicious Lebanese comfort food. A great late night meal, and a place literally for everyone, from cops and bankers, to hoodlums and hipsters.
5	The food was amazing!  Kafta Kabob plate was to die for.  Meat was delicious, salad was great.  Nice garlic flavors.  Hummus was a little bland, but overall an amazing experience. I would definitely come here again and again.
5	I am a huge shawarma (sandwich) aficionado.  I was born and grew in Saudi Arabia, like most other expat kids and local Saudis, we love a good Lebanese shawarma.  Shawarmas are my nostalgic comfort food.  After about 1.5 decades from my last shawarma in Saudi Arabia, I am still magnetized to those vertical spits of beef and/or chicken wherever I am around Canada (and around the world) just to get a taste of my childhood.  Most of the time it falls short (some more than others), I get sometimes with some luck I find a joint that hit the spot just right (Shawarma King in Ottawa about 65% of the time and Venus in Halifax about 40% of the time).While on business in Montreal this week, I had gone to 2 other shawarma joints at the Eaton Centre food court a couple nights before and ordered a chicken at one and beef at the other...both passable but nothing very special. Now Boustan, WOW!  Tonight, I ordered a beef shawarma trio (includes potatoes topped with garlic sauce and a pop) and a chicken shawarma (sandwich only).  Up until tonight, I sought to find the taste of shawarma that would equal those of my memory.  Today, Boustan's chicken and beef shawarmas entered the top ranks of the best shawarma that I've ever had!To top it off, the two Lebanese guys working the food line were so incredibly industrious...working at a sustained full-tilt pace.  I dig it, our society is growing ever complacent prefer to take it easy, not these guys.If I were Steve Ells (founder of Chipotle and judge/investor of America's Next Great Restaurant) or one of the angel investors on Dragon's Den, I'd put a Boustan in every major neighborhood.
4	This place has one of the best falafel sandwiches I have ever had! Not too heavy, not too light, and just the right price at $3.50. Before coming here, I read that they had a special of sandwich + fries, though upon arriving, I saw that the "fries" were not true "frites," but were just soggy looking home fries that they microwave - for that, they get four stars instead of five. If anyone has commented negatively about this place, maybe they are expecting something totally different? If you want cloth table cloths and a fancy meal, go somewhere else. But, for extremely tasty and affordable middle eastern food that is conveniently located and delivers late, this place is pretty incredible.
5	Amazing shawarma! Perfect size at perfect price! More meat than vege ratio! :) saucey too!Must try!
5	tiny little place, delicious shawarmas. I've lived in the middle east and grown up eating them. I always felt that most shawarma places have north-americanized the shawarma recipie. These guys kept it real. The meat in both the beef and chicken shawarmas were perfectly seasoned, very juicy and the meat to salad ratio in the wrap was perfect. Ive had shawarmas in the past where the meat is very fatty. Not at all at this place.  Also, I could not believe the price! 4.50 for a decently sized wrap. it's also open late so after a night out, definitely a place to stop and refuel.
1	We came in after a night out because we had heard good things about this place. I don't know if it was because it was really late or what but the food was a big disappointment... The potatoes were all dried out and nothing really seemed fresh. To top it off the staff was so unprofessional. One of the guys who works there, was off his shift and started persistently hitting on/harassing my friend to the point that it became EXTREMELY uncomfortable. It was all happening in front of the owner/manager and he didn't seem to care that his customers were being treated in this manner.
4	Ordered the combo plate, very good! The meat was very seasoned. However, no potatoes included
5	Amazing chicken shawarma. I always get it to go, incase I have extras. Definitely get extra tiziki sauce. It flavors up the food. You cannot go wrong with this place regardless of what time of the day it is. I have gotten food in the middle of the day and as well as late as 2 am. Tastes exactly the same. Fresh and tasty.
5	Amazing grilled shish taouk & garlic potatoes!! Everybody and anybody knows this place! A must have prior or after the clubs. Always hits the spot. Friendly staff and prices are very reasonable!
5	The Schwartz's of Shawarma baby!. We eat there twice a week or so. Everything is great, but try the "creation", spicy, with a side of garlic potatoes. Keep you going all day.
5	This place is already awesome and its reviews show it. So here are a series of taglines that I feel would fit their marketing campaigns. Unpretentious and so much better than Amir. That's it that's all.I don't eat Lebanese food often, but when I do, it's Boustans!The decor is atrocious, but the food isn't. It is a pity that your pita is not--from BOUSTANS!
4	This place is miles better than Amir, I should just throw that review into the figurative trash can. I have a secret love for garlic sauce; and ohmygosh that stuff is not only potent, but addictive! A chicken shawarma trio is too much food for me, but I don't care, I just have to have those garlic potatoes sometimes.Next up to try is "the creation" sandwich...but I'm betting it will be good too. Oh, and it probably doesn't need to be mentioned, but the prices are less than $10 per person, so tit's perfect for students and the frugal.
4	Had lunch here recently, got the chicken shawarma plate. It was very tasty, filling and cheap. You get the chicken, humus, rice, potatoes and more.  I was happy to find this place and would go back except i am still full. The location can be a little hidden since you have to go down stairs from the street to get to the front door.  They do have a big sign that is about eye level  on the street so that makes it a bit easier to find. It is a cafeteria style set up where you go down the line and pay at the end. They have tables inside and tables outside that would be real nice on a summer day. Most of the people in there were collage kids but there were some working adults also on their lunch break, so it appeals to a wide audience.
5	Beef shawarma plate is very good. Cops stop by here for food, there are plenty of other places they could go for fast food. You should ask not to have the tahini sauce if you don't like the taste on your shawarma.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! It's a small, hole in the wall eatery located in the basement of a building on a busy, hipster neighborhood. It's a good 15-minute walk from McGill. Their shwarma pita wraps are one of the best we've tried. They roll everything up quickly and heat it up to give a slightly crunch on the outside. They also add potato pancakes that add to the taste. Open until late night and perfect for a quick stop or on the go. I also recommend their tabouleh--very fresh and lemony with just the right amount of oil.
5	Ordered Boustan's three times during my week-long visit to Montreal and I can't say anything but good things about this restaurant. First and foremost, they DELIVER - and quickly too! I ordered the chicken schwarma plate all three times. The chicken is nice and tender and the hummus is to die for! I'm from California and I'd much rather have Boustan's late-night than an order of carne asada fries (and that's saying something!)
5	Best chicken Shawarma pita I have ever had! Also try the potatoes with Garlic sauce! I will come back to Montreal just for Boustan!
4	I flew into Montreal after a grueling month and was too tired to go out. So my wife and I ordered in Boustan. We got hummus, stuffed grape (vine) leaves, the falafel trio and the Shish Tawook (Chicken) trio. The garlic potatoes were excellent. The grape leaves were great and were covered in a tangy, mayo-like sauce that was really good. The hummus was OK and the pita it came with was a little hard and dry, but this was the main downside. My falafel sandwich was pretty good. Not quite as good as my old favorite falafel stand in New York but still good. My wife really liked here Shish Tawook sandwich. Also it was really cheap. We got all of this delivered for $25 (CAD) including tip. And there was a lot of food.
5	Everything here is to die for. The chicken shwarma, falafel, and veggie wraps are all amazing. There was time last year when my friends and I would walk over from around McGill multiple times a week for late night snacks.
5	I haven't been here in 7-8 years since the old guy ran it and it was just as good as I remember it. Living in the USA now I can't find good chicken schwarma and this was just what I needed.In the old days when I lived downtown they would remember my order without me giving it and they'd deliver it in under 15 minutes. All I had today was the chicken schwarma but it rocked. Ate outside watching the pretty Montreal girls walk by, it was a slice of nostalgia.
4	This place was recommended to me by a friend as a great place to stop while stumbling home from the bar at 3 am. Myself and another buddy decided to try it for dinner so we would actually remember how it was.Somewhat difficult to find as it's downstairs off the street, and the restaurant beside it had a terrace that camouflaged the sign. They had a few tables outside and I'm sure it would have been nice to sit on the terrace, but it was way too hot for that, so we sat inside. A significant drop in the scenery, the restaurant itself is very simple with cafeteria trays to be served on and a dozen or so tables to sit at. THE FOOD THOUGH, any negative prejudice that had been created prior to eating was immediately removed after the first bite of my Beef Schwarma and potatoes W garlic sauce. This was like an explosion of salty, sweet, and garlicy flavours all mixed together to make the best Schwarma I've ever had. This potatoes were soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside with a generous serving of garlic sauce on top, a little on the salty side, but none the less delicious. There Schwarma was also excellent, filled to the brim with all the good stuff. End of the day I will definitely go back, probably after a night out of drinking to make sure it's as good at 3am as it was at 6. Friendly service, good prices and great food!
4	A buddy and I were wandering the streets of montreal on a hot day looking for a place to eat. Before the mirages started to kick in, I caved in to his demands for a "Cheap" place to eat and we decided to try Boustans after hearing nothing but good things from another friend of ours.After carefully analyzing the menu for all of 3 seconds, I decided to get a beef shawarma with garlic potatoes. The potatoes were pretty salty but the goodness from the heavens that is the garlic sauce made it all better. Taking my first bite from the shawarma I was impressed. I love the way it is grilled and the way the flavours from all the ingredients inside come together. Considering the fact that I finished my meal faster than it took to choose something from the menu (3 seconds remember?), I would say I really enjoyed it.Definitely recommend this place and want to try it in the wee hours of the night when I just need to hit that craving. My only regret is that I didn't try the creation!
5	I can't remember the first time I had Boustan's but since then I can't have a Shish Taok wrap anywhere else. The perfect pita crisp, the perfect salad/ chicken balance, and the perfect amount of sauce (this can be a deal breaker). Everything pales in comparison to these flavourful, authentic Lebanese wraps. Their garlic potatoes are also tremendous but i would recommend grabbing two wraps and a coke. Everyone loves going to this place after a night of boozing on crescent, but I honestly like it better during the day. Every time I do it at 4AM my body feels like a garlic-filled garbage can the next day.
5	Ok look it's nothing new that this place is Montreal.  When you think local, quality, service, and the best bang for your buck you naturally think Boustan. Remember when we heard it might close a couple of years back?Ya, we lost our shit. But it kept pushing on stronger and harder through no matter what Montreal had to give. Tonight like many other nights I ordered 2 creations, cause lets be honest the flavours that they somehow capture in a pita and have the audacity to put a price on os beyond me.If I had my way nobody but me would legally be allowed to eat a creation.   Neither here now there. I spoke to what would only be classified as an Angel. Erica Sweet Erica and the poor driver who tried to complete the task if delivery. I had locked myself out of my apartment whilst doing laundry. My phone died.  I went to my landlord's apparent to charge my phone. Erica called me. At this point I would have been an A hole or not even called me back. She called me with the nicest most positive tone and resent the most amazing delivery gentleman  to where I was so I could get my order. Not only is Boustan ALWAYS the best dam food on this city, as of today I would say they are nothing without Erica.Thank you miss,and sorry for the trouble.Best food...best service in the city.  Point Finale.
4	Good place for a cheap lunch/ dinner. I got the chicken shawarma wrap and it was pretty filling. I ordered it fully dressed and it cane with shredded lettuce, tomatoes, hummus, and other sauces wrapped tightly with soft and spiced up chicken pieces in a medium sized pita bread. Delish!
4	Prob one of the best Shawarmas I've ever had. Make sure to get it fully dressed. They throw it on the grill to toast the pita which gives it a nice crunch. The nice part about this spot is the hours. Great place for lunch but also a great spot to hit up after a bar/club since it's open till 4am. Will def go back whenever I visit Montreal again!
5	Price / Quality ratio is like perfectly efficient. I would say With Shawarma sandwich (both - chicken and beef) you can't go ever wrong. The level of appreciaton rises with level of alcohol in your blood.
5	Ok, their food is an awesome quality Arabic food :)The restaurant space might not be that comfortable, but you'll see paradise once you try the first bite lool
4	Wow! This place was recommended to us by a bartender as we were closing out the bar and it was spot on! It's a bit of a whole but no worse than some of the indi/paki taxi spots back in NYC. Food for the price was incredible! Very fresh, very tasty! Might be our regular go to for late night eats while we are here in Montreal!
5	If you stumble upon Boustan, don't let the simplicity of its outdoor appearance trick you: this might well be the best middle eastern food I've ever eaten. I always take a vegetarian plate to go, the place being a bit small and usually very busy, and I have never been disappointed. The staff is friendly, the food is affordable and the portions are satisfying. Their products seem fresh and the variety of tastes you can get in a single plate is impressing. If the other reviews did not already convince you, this is the sign you need.
5	Anyone who knows anything about shawarmas knows this is Montreal's finest. The food is great. The creation is amazing. These people were sent from god himself to give us Montrealers the best food ever. God bless them.
5	When you first see the place you think you have entered the worst place ever... but don't be fooled! The food there is incredible, the best middle eastern food in Montreal (and Montreal has A LOT of middle eastern food). Go for anything... chicken shawarma, kafta... anything. It's delicious. Add the garlic potatoes and you are in heaven. Whenever I am back in Montreal this is one of the few place that I ALWAYS go back to...
5	I LOVE a great shawarma. And living in LA, a great shawarma is very very hard to find. So my first night in Montreal, one of the largest populations of Lebanese folks outside of Lebanon, i Yelped my area and found Boustan. It was so good, we went again the next day because we were so enamored by the meat. Just amazing! The arayess, hummus, garlic sauce, ALL so good! I read it was a local hotspot but hot damn, they need to franchise themselves! SO GOOD
1	Poor service. Dry and salty. Greasy sauce. Be sure to check your order despite their assurance for delivery/takeout. They only gave me half of what I ordered and paid for but refused to deliver the rest of the order claiming they don't have driver-even though delivery service is labeled. What a mess!!
1	Gross.But thats what you do when nothing else is open at 2 am...I am happy I didn't get sick the next day
1	Wow how far this place has fallen, in such a short time. The douch bags on the phone seem to think that the  service and curiousness this place was built on no longer applies.I mean wow. This was one of my most recommend places... Now it's a stay away. As good as food can be, service or lack thereof is a reality, and their passion for indifference rates this place as a failed business.
5	Can not recommend enough. It's the only place that has quality food that's open whenever I need it, and the delivery is soooo convenient. So far, best schwarma I've seen in Montreal. Me and my friends are regulars here.
5	One of the best Lebanese food spots in the city! Mind u it is still Lebanese fast food!
4	I LOVE the Shawarma here....I LOVE IT. We came here for lunch first--already a line. The owners are a bit impatient when it comes to slow customers who like to take their time looking through the menu. It's a fairly small shop, but there's plenty of seating inside. This was our third meal here in Montreal, and it was amazing though.So amazing that we decided for our final meal at Montreal would be Boustan. SO, we ordered about 5 shawarma's to be delivered to our apartment that night so that we would have nomnoms waiting for us after a night at New City Gas.4 star only because delivery took forever...we were told they would be at our apartment in 20 minutes, but was instead delivered about an hour later. We even called Boustan to confirm that they didn't get lost or forgot our order. :( Anyways, still loved the Shawarma...but probably wouldn't go for delivery again! Hahah.
5	LOVE the shawarma here. Food is great. Lunch times are always busy - but the line moves fast enough that you can't get too upset. Great for on the go lunches when you need to get back to the office.
5	(19 Rue Ste Catherine E location) The food is beyond amazing! Boustan is always my go-to place when I don't want to cook. Once, I accidentally put in an order in between my exams, and had to leave when they showed up. I called after coming back from my exam and the person was very nice about it. She sent the order out again without sounding irritated. I insisted that they charge me two times but she said it was okay. Awesome service and amazing food.
5	The amount of food using your precious canadian dollar is amazing! I got a combo plate 10, 45$ and my friend Bry got Chicken Shawarma plate 9, 45$. Plates come with potatoes, garlic sauce, hummus, pickled turnip, spicy(tangy) cabbage slaw, and a large pita to top it off with your choice of meat. REALL GOOD! The Beef made me feel meaty! There were 3 middle eastern men working behind the counter. I, myself, am super attracted and comfortable around cute guys in general so being a Boston native we end all sentences papa or mama as a sign of endearment. Here, they were amused. Yes, I'm gay, black and pretty fierce. I didn't get desert I ended it all with my chocolate. P.S. JLO was on the TV in "Made in Manhattan" it was hard not to stare at the tv. Au Revoir!
5	I've been to Boustan 5 times and the food has been constantly delicious especially the shawarma. Definitely my place to go for the best, quick eats in Montreal!
4	This place is literally a hole in the wall!! If your not paying attention you can easily miss this place. It does need to be updated  appearance wise, but the food is great and simple. The staff are very friendly and they were very patient with me as I figured out what I wanted to eat.
