5	Sauce is great. The pizza are perfect for lunch. They come in one size with a few topping combinations ranging from traditional (pepperoni/mushroom) to original (proscuetto/melon). They offer solid salads and paninis, but missing out on the pizza is a mistake.Prices range from $8-12. Seating is sometimes tight.
4	I didn't know what to expect coming to a pizza place that has gotten rave reviews from people in Arizona. I didn't know what would come of a chain pizza restaurant. Was it going to satisfy my East Coast palette? Or was I going to be left to wallow in an endless craving for the perfect slice, set off once again by sub-par sauce, thick and chewy crusts, and a goop of who- knows- what- kind- of- over- processed- cheese beginning to line my arteries. This is a different kind of pizza. This is not the "peasant pizza" I am used to liking. This is also not the gourmet type you would find at Pizza Picasso. This is a kind of hybrid brand. Unlike the Prius I rented on my most recent trip to New York, I liked it. The sauce was tangy and ubiquitous. The cheese was light and tasty. Most of all the crust impressed me with its slightly sweet taste, perfectly complimenting the sauce and cheese combination. I also ordered a bowl of the soup of the day, which was tomato. Tasty. I'll be back, but not when I'm craving a NY slice. When I'm feeling a little fancy, I'll be back at Sauce.
4	Went there with one of my friends a while ago and the pizza was amazing!  Walk in, order at the counter, then you find a seat and they bring the food to you.  I hadn't been to one in Scottsdale yet, but I did go to one in Tucson.  This one was a little dirtier, almost each tables was covered in crumbs and the soda machines was all wet, which is why I deduced one star.The crust was perfectly baked and had just the right amount of crunchiness to it.  Got our pizza with mushrooms, sausage and pepperoni.  (One of my favorite combination for pizza)  It was only missing some olives...  But, great place for a good bite of Italian to eat!
4	Fun, Fast, Easy, Yummy.  Nice Flatbread style pizzaz, done right, crispy, not thick & greasy. Yummy fresh & unique toppings.  Crisp salads.  Good place for kids :-)
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Sauce. We went here for dinner last night, and wanted something quick, tasty and casual. Done. I think of it as a cross between a fast food place and a pizzeria.I had the Pepperoni and Crimini Mushroom pizza, and it was great. The crust is amazingly thin yet perfect for the pie. The center where the toppings are is a nice and soft but the edges are super crispy with a chip-like "crunch". The sauce and toppings were noticeably fresh and perfectly proportioned on the pizza.M had the Turkey salad, and she too was very pleased. I can describe hers much - as we both stuck to our plates!The waitstaff was very pleasant and everything came out well; however nothing really blew me away to earn that 5th star.
3	this may be one of the more boring reviews I write because it's late and I just wrote a paper for class. The first time I ate at sauce it was HORRIBLE. i was trying to be all healthy and order this cherry goat cheese salad, which basically killed me.  Goat cheese is not meant for those who have been vegan for a year!   It's always nice to unwind with friends, even though they weren't all my direct friends, it was nice to be around people that didn't judge me.  It took away from the watery wine I was drinking.  My best man and I enjoyed a broccoli chicken pizza, and like usual it was good.  The chicken wasn't too dry and the crust didn't make it hard to enjoy the toppings.  Our friends had more trouble liking their food.  I suppose the shells and mozzerella were a bit dry...the woman who was eating it though is very picky...so it may have just as well been delicious.  This is also the same woman that thought Mac-n-Cheese was a sandwich -_- anyways I enjoyed my food, and you will too.  The mood of the place is very relaxed.  you get your own refills of soda and tea, but the waiters are more than happy to get it for you.  Since Ronald, my new yelp partner in crime went with me..I await his review.  Welcome to the team!  And I'm not raggin' on the pic that they suggest for this location and review...but what is that?! I mean seriously that isn't going to make people go there...
5	Delicious!!!  Between my family of 4 we have probably tried most of the menu items at Sauce.  My daughters (5 yrs and 3 yrs) love the pizza and pasta with meatballs.  I hope Sauce comes out with more specials like the Summer Deal - $20 for pizza, salad and wine.  My favorite items so far are the Meatball Sandwich and the Chicken and Broccoli and cheese sauce.  I need to find out where Sauce gets the side pepper that comes with the Meatball Sandwich.  If you like peppers ask for an extra one as the peppers are really good (not spicy but sweet).  Can you tell I am a HUGE fan of Sauce?  If someone knows where I can buy those peppers let me know?
4	Pizza * WineI drive by Sauce nearly every day and those two words on the side of the building just kept calling to me.  Pizza * Wine  Come in!  Today!  Really!  I finally listened.After a long day I was ready for something tasty and convenient that (most importantly) I didn't need to cook myself.  Sauce definitely fit the bill.  It is a casual yet kind of industrial/trendy place.  It is also FAST!  In no time at all I had walked up to the counter, ordered my meal, and was enjoying my juice glass (!) of pinot grigio.I went with the most basic of pizzas - mozzarella & fontina cheese with basil.  While it was not what I typically think of as "pizza" - the crust was super-thin and kind of crispy, especially at the edges - it was tasty!  The cheese and sauce complimented the crisp crust nicely.  Yes, I ate The Whole Thing.  No to-go box here!  I justify this by telling myself that crust that thin wouldn't reheat well...  Yeah, right...Overall Sauce is a good spot for a quick, casual meal.  I would have liked a slightly larger juice glass for my wine, though...
5	I get all of the Fox RC emails and yesterday received one about a limited time lunch special for $7.50 for 2 of either a side chopped salad, soup of the day or side pasta (lasagna not included) and a drink. A couple of co-workers and I decided to hit it up today and I was pleasantly surprised. Not that I had assumed it was bad or anything- I'd just never been. I had the turkey and feta salad because it had the most veggies-cucumbers, tomatoes, corn and avocado's and  tender turkey squares. It was really good! So was the pasta- marinara shells with a meatball. It was a perfect amount of food for a great price.
4	After driving around with our Realtor all morning, it was lunch time and she had never been to Sauce. Since we were by there, we stopped in for lunch and split a Cesear salad, my wife, daughter and realtor ordered Pepperoni and Crimini Mushroom pizza and I had the Salami, Turkey, Prosciutto & Mozzarella Panini sandwich. It was excellent, just the right amount of food for lunch.
4	I love this place! The pizza is fantastic, thin crust with fresh toppings. I also love the macaroni and cheese which is made with giant shell pasta. So good!
5	If you're looking for good, fast, cheap pizza, this is the place.  Not a typical pizza joint.  Its the Noodles and Company of the pizza world.  Pick one of their main creations or make your own.  Pasta and salads as well.  Personally a much better bang-for-your-buck then CPK.  Great place to take the family in a pinch or whenever.  Recommended by friends last time they were in Scottsdale - and I can see why.
4	I first tried this place when I was studying at the UofA and I'm glad they have a location here in Scottsdale.Personally, I prefer deep dish Chicago-style pizza but Sauce has helped me gain more of an appreciation for thin crust as well. I've had both the portobello/artichoke and the sausage/pepperoni pizza and both are quite tasty.
2	We were staying with a group of friends at the Westin and decided to order takeout from Sauce vs. eating locally at the resort.Although the food was ready upon our arrival and the front end staff were welcoming I had the following issues.  1) the chopped vegetable salad ordered with no parmesan...came with parmesan  2) the Kid Pasta Red ordered with no cheese...came with cheese  3) no utensils were provided in the to go bags. I thought that it was our mistake or perhaps a miscommunication happened when ordering but the resulting receipt clearly indicated our requests. Normally, if it was just me eating, I wouldn't mind the above issues.However, both my daughter and wife can't have dairy so needless to say the chopped vegetable salad(for the wife) and Pasta(for my daughter) were inedible and our dinner was ruined. It's unfortunate because I had heard good things about the concept, the quality of food and service.  However, it seems that the perception and the execution are completely different.In the end if you order something that is not standard, check the order before you leave.
3	Visited Sauce today for lunch with four co-workers.  It reminded me of an Italian Pei-Wei with the menu's on the wall and registers where you order then grab a seat and drink and wait for  your food to be delivered.  We ordered the bruchetta appetizer.  It was good but small.  The mozzarella cheese was good and soft but the tomatoes were of the no-flavor-steak type.  We had three pizzas, the best of which was the mushroom and arugula.  The crust is that Roman-kind  - thin and crispy.  I loved it but while the pizzas are good sized - 12" they aren't very substantial and after finishing off a whole pizza myself I had a piece of the bruchetta and two more  pieces of pizza and still was filled.  On a five star scale, I give Sauce 3.
4	I went to Sauce for the first time last night. I had the apple and walnut spinach chicken salad and the pepperoni and sausage pizza.  Both were made to perfection and reasonably priced. The atmoshphere was warm and inviting and they had the monday night football game on. I will definitely come back and recommend it to others.
3	The paninis are ok, except for the meatball panini, each half of the sandwich has one small meatball on it and sauce is very pedestrian. Salads are always a good bet and the grocery store wine selection is passable if you want to drop a 20 on bottom shelf Chardonnay. If I never go there again I wouldn't even notice, but I wouldn't turn down an invite to go at the same time.
4	Since a lot of the Fox RC eateries are Phoenix exclusives we are sure to bring visiting friends and family to at least one spot - usually Culinary Dropout for the touristy scenery - but we recently found Sauce and have already gone back twice in three weeks. Sure you can get pizza anywhere but Sauce has that amazingly trendy feel and some unique combinations worth trying.Our first experience at Sauce had us sampling their grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup as well as their meat lasagna. Both traditional items but done exceptionally well here at Sauce. In addition, we got to try the potato and rosemary pizza - so interesting! My second stop at Sauce allowed me to try the proscuitto and melon pizza - another interesting combo! I love proscuitto and melon in general and now I can say that I enjoy it as toppings on my pizza. What makes the creative combinations work so well is the thin and crispy crust. While it's not going to be the only place we go to for a pizza fix (especially if we're craving a greasy fulfilling pizza) but it'll be on our list when we're in the mood for a casual and fresh meal. We have been to both this location as well as the one in Scottsdale Fashion Square. Both were busy on a Friday night but service doesn't take long. With decent "going out" prices and a "order at the counter" system, It is the perfect place for a casual dinner with friends.
2	I finally checked it out and I think its my least favorite of the fox restaurants.  Its like the little caesars of fancy pizza.  I'll actually take little caesars next time since i can get more than double the food...Upon further reflection, it tastes kind've like grade school cafeteria pizza..
5	I'm overdue to give Sauce my five stars, since I've been riding my bicycle twenty miles once per week for the past two years just to eat lunch there.  Yes, there's one in the Scottsdale waterfront district that's closer, and the food is just as good, but the patio at Thunderbird Square is less hassle.I could eat the rosemary and potato pizza every time.  Who would think? Don't snicker till you've tried it.  It's the olive tapenade that gives it the great flavor, and the thin crust adds just the right crunch and cheeziness, and ensures that the wait is short.But I also like the portobello and artichoke just as well, and you can get it as either a pizza or a bruschetta.I also can't resist the sausage and caramelized onion.Another dark horse which I've grown to love is the prosciutto and melon.  The cool, thin melon slices on top are great on a hot day.
3	We were hungry for pizza, and decided to try Sauce.  We really didn't know what to expect, as were just in the area, and had heard of it before.  When you enter, there is a menu on the wall that you read while waiting in line to order at the cash register.  After you place your order, you find a seat. Very minimal decor, almost a cafeteria feeling to it. From the menu, they also offer paninis and salads. But we were only interested in pizza.The pizza is thin crust style.  I have not had much experience with thin crust pizza, but I did like it - in fact, that is the one thing I will remember about Sauce - that the crust on their pizza was delicious.  The sauce and toppings were all right, but not memorable; but I will come back just for the crust.My main concern is it is not as filling as other styles of pizza and leaves me hungry for more, and I am not a big eater.  So I would recommend it for lunch or a light meal.
4	Chopped chicken salad is my fav.
4	I love this place.  Casual, relatively inexpensive and consistently good food.  I've pretty much been to all their locations and this one is no different.  Solid food and solid service.  It has been a while since I've been to a Sauce so I did notice the addition of 2 bruschettas to the menu.  We had to try it so we ordered the portebella and artichoke one.  I know it isn't the best most fancy brushetta, but I really did love it.  The bread was crispy and fluffy yet not so hard; just the way I like it.  I also like it that they don't bombard you with 27 different options for bruschetta.  There are only 2 to choose from so that was nice.For my main meal I had 1/2 of a turkey pannini and a small Caesar salad - one of their "mix-it" meals.  Both were excellent and I would order them again.  Anyway, I can't wait to go back for any of their soups/salads/paninis/pizzas as they are all excellent.
4	Went here for lunch this weekend and had the "mix it" thing with 1/2 salad and 1/2 panini.I had the house salad with the Gorgonzola vinaigrette and the roast beef panini.  The panini was excellent but the salad was not.  The dressing lacked flavor.  I'm going to stick to the Caesar.
4	In Scottsdale for my work travels and needed someplace for lunch my first day in town. One of the office staff where I'm visiting mentions Sauce so I take her up on it. Nice menu to start off with, with chopped salads, paninis and pizzas, all very good sounding. So I order me a salami, turkey, prosciutto and mozzarella panini. Not bad, came with some amazing garlic Parmesan chips. I wish though that I had tried the pizza.No problem! I went back the next day with some of the other folks in the office and ordered a prosciutto and melon pizza. Good stuff! This isn't your typical "slice" type, it's Fo Sho fancy. But then, you could probably tell that by the prosciutto and melon bit. Good amount of toppings, not overwhelming in quantity but definitely not skimping. The crust is thin and crunchy, but not in a bad way. If you like your pizza the traditional saucy cheesy way only, this isn't for you. But for some interesting foodie-style pizza this is the way to go. They serve wine and beer here as well, but I'm thinking with the walk-up cafe style ambience it's not a place you go for hanging out other than for a meal with a drink.I'd give this place another try for sure so I can try some of their other pizzas. Word of caution: there's only a couple of tables on the patio that have umbrellas so if you don't want to get baked by the sun, stay inside but try to get there before 12:30 if you're going for a weekday lunch.
3	One of the Fox Restaurant Groups places. Its good and fresh but nothing to write home about.
4	Sauce is great, they have a simple and unique menu that is reasonably priced. Delicious thin crust pizzas, fresh salads, and great big balls! Meat balls, that is. The staff is pleasant and attentive. You never have to wait to long, but you wouldn't mind even if they did with the eye candy making pizzas ;) My only criticism would be that 80% of the people I have ever seen there are loud teenagers, which is too be expected when being so close to the mall, but still, not my cup of tea.
5	Great pizza.  Excellent and healthy salads.  I would highly recommend for a quick lunch.
3	A nice place to stop in for lunch.  I've had the pasta, pizza and panini. All have been pretty good for the price.
4	The guys that runs this joint owns some of the nicer resturants in town. Later I learned there are a few Sauce's around but that didn't change my excitement for this place. Pizza and Wine. What else is needed? Thin crust pizza, great salads, wine and panini. Ive never had the meat balls but tons of ppl were ordering that w/ their meals. Ordered the chicken, pine nut salad which was awesome and split the chicken ceaser salad pizza with a friend. Place is causal, quick and good food, and filling.
4	Ding! Approved.Okay okay, it's not Cibo or Bianco. But really, should you be expecting that? Given the price, speed and great service, this place is absolutely worth it. The staff is young, friendly, energetic and welcoming. The menu is focused and food well prepared. Quality ingredients are used to make for a tasty light lunch. Everything is served up very quickly and with a big smile.This is definitely going in my regular rotation of lunch spots!
4	My wife doesn't but I like their thin crust pizzas
5	Every salad on the menu is A-MAZING!  The thin crust pizza is to die for!  I absolutely love this place!
4	Okay, so we finally made it to Sauce. and we were mostly happy with our experience. Sauce is an Italian themed pizza and sandwich place that serves wine. Currently, they are running a summer special of: two glasses of wine, one large salad and one personalized pizza for $20.00.  A GREAT DEAL!Since our first visit earlier this summer, we've been back a few times and the food has been universally good.  For some reason, we go around 4:30 or so on Thursdays or Fridays afternoons before a movie and the place is usually half full. The downside in going at this time is that Sauces is full of screaming infants or toddlers with indifferent supervision (see photo). We have seen very few male parents at Sauce, but mostly young mothers who are meeting with other Moms for a play date at the restaurant. For the most part the Moms will take five or six tables at the far end away from the cashier, but the noise can sometimes be overwhelming. Also, the three and four year olds are known to sometimes escape from their prison with pasta soaked hands . So, go for the food, but avoid the Mom's section in the back, and don't wear white!Okay, you've been warned.
5	Sauce may not have the absolute best pizza in the valley, but it's certainly up there!We started with a chicken, pine nuts, tomato and gorgonzola salad.  Heavenly.  The salad was not too heavily dressed, and the cheese really complimented it quite well.  The salad itself is big enough for two people to split, and comes with a roll.  If it were my meal alone, I would've been quite satisfied.We also had the rosemary potato pizza.  Very thinly sliced potatoes, spinach, feta, and some sort of olive mixture.  It was a little tangy and oily, but everything tasted so fresh and come together quite nicely.  Whomever created this pizza knew what they were doing.  Sauce is not really making a big deal about it, but there's now a thicker wheat crust available.  It's still quite thin, crunchy and delicious.In addition to salads and pizza, sauce offers paninis and pastas.  It's a semi-service order at the register and your food is brought to you style.  This location gets quite busy during lunch, but only gets a small dinner crowd on off nights.  Prices may seem a little high, but the portions are perfect, and quality is fantastic.
2	I was very disappointed my last experience at Sauce. I ordered a spinach and apple salad with chicken. I think the apples were from a few days ago wtih no taste and the shredded chicken must have been in the freezer and put on the salad.The kids however did enjoy their mac and cheese.The salad was terrible!
5	Love it here! Great, quick food and friendly service. A regulations spot for lunch.  Reasonable prices, too.
4	I love this place for a casual and delicious lunch. This location is super easy to find and has great customer service and food. I've been to Sauce a few times (one at Fashion Square and the other at this location). Both times the food was great. At this location, I ordered the pasta with red sauce and meatballs. It was a little plain but absolutely yummy--tasted very homemade and I would order again. I also had the bruschetta with feta cheese, also good. (See pics). We original ordered the bruschetta with a basil pesto sauce and the manager came over to tell us they were out of pesto. She apologized and even though we still had the bruschetta, just swapped out for a different sauce, she took the appetizer off our bill completely.I've also tried the pesto chicken pizza on their super thin crust and a pepperoni pizza on regular crust. Really, really good. Although, I wouldn't go for the super thin crust, it was actually too thin.The service is fast and everyone is also super nice. This is my fourth FOX restaurant and I love all of them.
4	Simple fare done really well.  A few signature pies and sandwiches that delve into the gourmet tastes but not so far as to make you shy away if your less adventurous.The Mac n Cheese is worthy but closer to an alfredo sauce than the classic cheddar or american normally seen, perfectly accompanied by a crusty airfilled ciabatta roll.They're wood fired pizza offerings are perfect lite fare for sharing or keep it toyourself and savor the fresh ingredients.  We had the potato feta olive tepinade pizza and it was so satisfying but never heavy, a must try.  I used their phone ahead service and had 2 toddlers in tow they were supper helpful, and even filled fountain drinks for us, they took the time to confirm every item in the bag physically and offer any condiment or utensile.  I think the food alone warrants eating here, but the attention to detail and overall coutesy needs to be admired, too many times restaurants and retail forget they are a service industry and aside from serving food they should be welcoming and inviting.  Suace is and on every visit reminds me why we come back.  Thanks!
5	5-star pizza! Great if you love thin crust pizza. The seating isn't great in here, but the pizza is outstanding.
2	Probably my least favorite of the Fox restaurants. It's good if you want a quick, cheap lunch. The past few times I've gone, it has seemed too much like a chain restaurant.The food is rather heavy and rich. And if you're vegetarian and are planning on getting the macaroni and cheese, think again. It contains chicken broth. So you basically have three options left.The bread is good though.
2	When I first moved to Arizona, I wanted to try new establishments I couldn't find back east. My friend who lives in South Scottsdale brought me here, and I'm italian, so I was excited. For being named "Sauce" its sauce wasn't too great. I ordered the caesar and spaghetti and meatballs. It was OK but nothing to rave about. I wouldn't recommend it, and I havent been back, but for italian and good sauces, I would prob go somewhere else.
2	I have really tried to like this restaurant- two locations, different dishes, multiple trips.  The pizza is dry and gourmet in the wrong way.  Sandwiches are over done and too much.  Their flavor profiles are just not right.   I am not a fan of Fox and this is my least favorite- not that I like any of them.  Humble Pie blows them to pieces.
5	This place is the bomb.We were trolling around scottsdale on july 4th and popped in because of yelp reviews.Total find. Food wad great. Redsauce pasta superb, mac and chee too good, super salad, and crazy good pizza. We will be back before heading back to socal.
2	My boyfriend and I have made several attempts now to enjoy the food at Sauce. Unfortunately we have now removed this Italian themed bastard step child of the Fox Restaurant Concepts family. The place just plainly sucks. Service is lackluster and so is the food. Overpriced,bland and void of any excitement. Highlight of the visit was when the upon paying for my food with a credit card the cashier told me to "Like, fill out this receipt", when I asked for clarification he stated "You need to write in the total, tip and sign, most people tip". EXCUSE ME! Why would i tip you? I don't tip the cashier at a gas station, and you pal are not even as cheery as the gas station employees I come in contact with. If my food or service was above and beyond in a quick service setting I would certainly tip (being in the service industry for years I know you work for tip). The definition of bad training and customer service. Then I realized what truly bothers me about this place....the manager is completely lacking any managerial skills or presence in the restaurant. She was dressed sloppily and we thought she was a customer until she asked us how our salads where. My boyfriend have his usual "Adequate" and responded with "Just OK". She then smiled and scurried away from our table. I see how it is Sauce, you are just trying to be adequate, well that being the goal you are barely meeting it.
4	They built a Sauce in Minneapolis & it only lasted three months. I'll never understand why, but I'm excited they are in Arizona & plenty of them. The Turkey & Feta salad is almost identical to my favorite at True Food Kitchen, which is a great thing. The paninis I've tried have always been good & come with a side of seasoned chips. I've never tried any of the pastas, but they all look wonderful as well.Great place for a quick, affordable, good meal.
4	The summer special is a great deal. Pizza is very good and kids meals are reasonably priced. Very good chopped Caesar salad. We will be back.
4	This location is a bit of a hike from mi casa, but it's worth the drive. In general, I think Sauce is a little pricey for lunch but the price point is perfect for dinner.I usually get the thin crust pizza with sausage, pepperoni, onion and peppers and tell them to hold the mushrooms. The meatball panini is an excellent choice as well. Last time my wife got the Bruschetta which she thought was fabulous. I saw another patron scarfing down the Spaghetti and meatballs, so that's the next item on the menu I'm going to try. I love the casual atmoshere where you can kick back and relax and have a mellow conversation. There's plenty of seating and the parking is plentiful in the evening since the coffee shop next door closes before dinner.
4	Great pizza and salads, been here a few times while visiting the area on business. Recommended by a few locals and I can see why. Decent prices and great staff! Next time I'm in the area I will be stopping in!
4	Always satisfied.  Pizza's are thin crust just like in Italy!
4	I love this place. I have not had a single thing I didn't like. Super fast and easy for my lunch beak.
4	In the past two weeks, my wife and I have been to this location twice. Both times, we ordered the exact same thing...because it was absolutely delicious!For our appetizer, we opted for the Caprese Bruschetta. It's topped with mozzarella cheese, and it's perfect for sharing. If I'm not mistaken, it comes in a serving of either 2.5 or 3 pieces.For our pizza, we decided we would split the Portobello & Artichoke Pizza. It's a thin crust style of pizza topped with...nevermind. You know what's on it.  Again, this pizza was perfect for us to split.Sauce has a great modern vibe going on inside. It's kind of trendy, mixed with a little hipster. So, it should appeal to many different groups. On our first trip, we sat inside. It was nice to see how the staff were so involved in the entire process. Even though it's not a "wait service" type of place, the staff didn't seem to know that. They were constantly policing the dining room, making sure every table was spic and span for the next group that would inevitably be coming in. While doing so, they were also very diligent in making sure that the clientele were being cared for.On our second outing, we managed to find space on the patio. Each table outside of the natural shadow created by the building's overhang has an umbrella. Though, there are no misters that I saw. Thankfully, we managed to find a couple of tables under the overhang. Therefore it was nice and shaded. As for the rest of the seats, they might be better suited for the cooler months, or in the evening. For both of us to share an appetizer and a pizza, plus two refillable fountain drinks, we managed to pay around $20. Not bad for such good food and service!
1	The management at this location should be reprimanded if not fired. They allowed 2 girls in bikinis into the restaurant during a very busy dinner service. Numerous customers spoke amongst ourselves & then to management regarding the inappropriate attire. They claimed the girls were to they could order food to go. Why then did they allow them to sit down next to a family with young kids? The family walked out. The young couple sitting next to us also walked out. We were there to celebrate a birthday with our two young teenage daughters. We left our meals unfinished & left. The manager on duty was unresponsive. We USED TO visit this restaurant regularly, until tonight. I checked unsure for attire as it appears ANYTHING is acceptable!
2	I'm not sure if this is the best Fox restaurant. As of this week, I went into sauce twice. I found a hair in my mac and cheese the first time and then the second time I went I found another hair in my pizza. Can the cooks shave? Maybe wax? It's very displeasing to the eye.
4	I don't think you can go wrong with anything at Sauce.  This place is one of my go to favorites.  They also have gluten free pizza crust as an option.  Good food and consistently good service.
5	Quick service!  The pizza and salads are so fresh and gluten free. You can definitely taste the difference! Delish!
4	Great place, fast service, lots of options. You really can't go wrong here. If you're not in the mood for pizza, you can get a salad, panini, or pasta; I've never tried their panini or pasta options, but they sound very good, and their salads are definitely really good! Nice and fresh. My favorite would probably have to be the chicken, spinach and apple one, but they're really all good. Usually for pizza, my friends and I will each get our own (they only come in 12", which is too bad - you can't get something bigger or smaller depending on how hungry you are) and just share them all. Favorite so far is the Chicken Pesto, but I also wanna try the Portobello and Artichoke. You can choose thin or thick crust, but get thin - it's best by far.Cool, fun vibe. Love to come here, and will more and more in the future!
5	Sauce has the best bruschetta in the valley! Also amazing salads and great lasagna.
5	A M A Z I N G!!!!!!Love this place!  Food is always consistent, the gluten free pizza is excellent!  I crave the pine nut, gorgonzola and chicken salad!  Service with a smile is quick and always attentive!
4	I love Sauce pretty much anything you get here is going to be good. I was disappointed though because we ordered out and they put blue cheese instead of Gorgonzola on the salad but that's not that big of deal.
5	One of the best restaurants in Arizona! Mac and cheese, thin crust pizza, and salads are some of the best highlights. Reasonably priced and good service as well, doesn't get much better than Sauce.
2	My husbands pizza was pretty good but I got the pasta with marinara and it was inedible. There was little to no sauce, the pasta was so over cooked it was pasty and gummy and I ended up throwing it out. Skip the pasta, order a pizza...at least you'll be able to eat the pizza :P
4	Good food all around. Wild mushroom with arugula is my favorite. The salads are fresh and takeout is quick. Way better than fast food surrounding it.
4	I'm a HUGE Fox restaurant fan.  Huge. (I think it's because of the time I spent in their birthplace of Tucson)Did you know that Sauce has $3 wine specials from time to time?  Nice. I'm a big fan of the entire menu.  The salads are delicious and filling.  2 new salads are available for the winter (see my uploaded photo of the menu).  Service is quick and friendly.My personal favorite menu items are:  Chicken, Spinach & Apple Salad, side of Mac n Cheese (for when you just want some kid food!), Salmon & Kale salad, and the Wild Mushroom & Truffled Arugula pizza
4	I'm a huge fan of Sauce. Every time I come here, I love the food. It's very simple, very causal, and very easy. The service is (most of the time) excellent! There really isn't much server interaction because you order at the counter and they bring you the food, but the counter people always seem to be happy and in a good mood. The food is really good. I usually always order the Caesar salad with a side of mac and cheese. The Caesar salad is really good. Lettuce is always crisp and fresh, and there is a nice balance between lettuce and salad dressing. It's the worst when you order a salad and it ends up swimming in dressing. But not at sauce. It is a nice portion of dressing, which has a really nice flavor. The mac and cheese is my favorite part. It's extremely creamy and not overbearingly cheesy. The pasta is cooked right to al-dente and its never soggy or mushy. The bread is also really good. They have warm mini ciabatta rolls that they serve with butter that are super good as well! The only con is not being able to find seating sometimes.  But hey, if that's the worst it is at Sauce, I can definitely deal with that!
5	Consistently delicious pizza, salad, appetizers, wine... Friendly service. This is one of the restaurants I take out of town guests for lunch because I know it's always good!
4	I've always driven by this place but never really had a desire to try this place. My son kept on asking if we could go here today and I gave in. So it's our day on this place. Both my son and daughter has been here multiple times so I guess we'll give it a try. The interior is nice with brick and decorated somewhat contemporary. The menu is on a big black board so you have to figure out what you want before you order. Fairly good sized menu. Once you order, they bring the food to your table. I had the Meatball Paninis which was actually pretty good. Really good and tasty. They give you potato chips on the side. My wife and son split the pepperoni and sausage pizza. Thin crust and they give you about 8 slices. Really good and they enjoyed it. My son also had their Mac & Cheese which was gobbled up. So what can I say but the food was terrific. Only problem  is that it's a good portion but on the side of not enough. I left feeling a little hungry still. They come by and pick up your empty dishes in a really timely manner so there weren't any table with dirty dishes. The staff was very friendly and did a good job. So overall, I enjoyed the meal and the experience there. I would say that this place is a good lunch spot and not sure for dinner. So enjoy.
2	Ordered lasagna and a chicken Caesar salad.  A pizza came to my friend and we had to tell the waitress that was not what we ordered.  A minute later the lasagna arrived, definitely was microwaved.  Then my friend had to wait 15 minutes for the salad.  Service is pretty awful, food is bland, go to Oregenos in old town for better pizza!
4	I've been to many Sauce locations and orginally loved the one located in the Norterra shopping center but after coming this one a few times, I'm blown away. The people who work here are great people. They always are smiling and say good bye when we leave. The food is the same as any other location but thats how I know it will always be good.If you looking for a pizza choice, go with the chicken pesto. Delish!For pasta I go with the mac & cheese with grilled chicken.My only wish is that they would add to the menu wall the options to create your own pizza. Its on the menus by the registers but by then I've already settled on something else.
5	Fantastic. This pizza place has unique types of pizza and it's sensational. The ambience is great. The servers were friendly. We got the chicken pesto pizza the server suggested and loved it.
5	We love Sauce. My husband and I each get a Caesar Salad and split a create your own pizza:Original Thin CrustNo Sauce on Pizza (we get it on the side)CheeseFetaRoasted Red Peppers OlivesDelicious. The pizza is nice and thin but SO flavorful!I also like their side Pasta, Red Sauce, and Mozzarella.The people who work there are always nice and the restaurant is lovely and clean.
5	We originally went here because a friend gave us a gift card for our anniversary. We were not disappointed. It's comparable to the famous Pizzeria Bianco, but better... because you don't have to wait 4 hours and you can order take out. The pizza is crisp and light. When you finish eating it you don't have to collapse on your couch and take a nap. The sausage and caramelized onion pizza is amazingly savory and to DIE FOR. My kids always get the pepperoni but I really enjoy the rosemary potato. I know it seems like an odd combination but it's delish (ask them to go light on the olive tapenade, though, unless you really love olives). The spicy chicken sausage pizza and cookies are also tasty. The pizza is extraordinary and will make you feel like you are ordering a $30 pizza, but the prices are super reasonable at about $10 per pizza. I HIGHLY recommend this place.
4	Knowing Sauce is part of the Sam Fox Restaurant group is part of the reassurance of a quality.Order at the counter from a menu chalkboard with a good selection of pizza, salads and pasta. I have had so much pizza lately that I will have to come back another time to try the huge selection of combinations. This time we shared the lasagne,  meatball panini, pasta with meatballs and mac and cheese.  Each was very good and pretty small in size portions.The decor is very simple with brick style walls and a drink dispenser. Very simple and casual, reasonable in price and not the usual Sam Fox Restaurant. Will come back to try other items and certainly the pizza.
4	What a wonderful buy!!!
3	We came to Sauce for lunch on our way to a Diamondbacks game. It was my first time, and I had some pretty high hopes. I am a BIG fan of pizza, and with a name like Sauce, they must have good pizza. Fired Pie opened a few months ago, and while the pizzas are smaller, and cheaper, they taste better. However, the range of toppings is impressive at Sauce. They also have pasta and an impressive wine and beer list. Glad I got the chance to try it, but if I had to pick, I would pick Fired Pie over this place all day long. Good, but not great. Although, it does have a fun atmosphere. Makes me feel like I'm in Italy!
5	Love, love, love this place!!! The sausage and pepperoni pizza is great. Love the thin crispy crust. And both bruchetta appetizers are great! My go to Friday night date spot with the hubby! Great for families.
4	Saucy. And nearby. Its convenient that it's so close. I cant stress the closeness more.
3	I really don't see what is so great about Sauce. Maybe for chains this is as good as it gets? Pizza and sandwiches are just okay, nothing I would drive 300 yds out of my way for. Yeah, I would drive 300 yds! Maybe if you are stuck in a strip mall with a somewhat time crunch this is your place. I don't want to bash it because it is a clean place with fresh food. I guess my tastebuds have moved on from the chain restaurant grub.
4	Love the pizza, salad, pasta, and Panini. Basically everything is good. Food comes fast and service is good. I always grab and go because the restaurant is like a dorm dining hall. Save room for a fresh chocolate chip cookie.
2	Salad was ok not much mozzarella or tomato. The bruchetta was good but it came out last after all the other food? The pasta was just plain terrible but the little servers that ran around could not smile or be engaging. "Pasta?" she said. Thunk...she dropped it on the table. "Bread?" She dropped that and fled. I got up and took the pasta back and asked for the manager. She said she would get me more and she did. Exactly the same as before but hotter. She came by and asked if it was better and when I showed her 9 pastas all gummed together she said she would speak to the kitchen and left.... if I had received a check anywhere else they would have taken that mess off the bill but since I already paid I was just out of luck. Picked around the cooked stuff and left. Bruchetta to go only from now on....
5	Great pizza! Had the wild, mushroom with truffle oil...added prosciutto. Place was pretty much packed and the service was friendly and on point!
5	I love this place! This is my go-to place in the neighborhood for delicious, quick, and affordable food. There are many vegetarian and gluten-free options. I love it that I can bring almost friends and acquantainces to Sauce, and they can both eat the food and find it to be delicious. My favs are the Mac & Cheese and the Caprese salad. Yum!
4	Chicken broccoli pasta is good and the kid menu provided has enough choices to keep the little one happy and content
4	Quick and easy spot to grab a quick lunch. I have had their Broccoli and chicken pasta and their winter salad. Both were good. I love that they bring you a roll when you eat there. I absolutely love their triple chocolate chip cookie. It Caramelizes to a nice crisp.
5	Love this place! Quick and easy, take away or stay and dine! Amazing concept! Been coming here for years. The hardest thing to do is decide what to eat, it's all awesome!
4	go here ALL the time for lunch. very consistent. have tried the pizza, salads, pasta and sandwiches.healthier than a typical fox restaurants place. good portion sizes, good service/efficient staff. why 4, not 5 stars? it's a pricey menu for a strip mall place, which is fine...but when i pay $12 for the salmon and kale salad, it should really have more kale (it's a 50/50 kale/lettuce mix) and more salmon (they give i'd say half a filet). but look, for the area (lots of malls and offices), this is a good mon-fri option for quick and healthy-ish food.they could do a better job wiping crumbs off the table and chairs however. the bussers are efficient with the dishes, but not thorough enough with the clean, i.e. wipin' down them CRUMBS. i'm wearing nice clothes friend, don't punk me out.solid lunch spot.
5	I absolutely love this place! The chicken and pine nut salad is fabulous, as well as the chicken pesto pizza, for my not-as-healthy days. Other pizzas are also good and the roast beef panini. The chocolate chip cookies are fabulous! The restaurant is very clean and the staff very friendly. I actually pick up food more than I dine in and I am always impressed with how they repeat your order back to you and show you everything before you leave with it so you know your order is correct. I'm here at least twice a month!
1	Don't know what the food is like but the employees are kind of rude. We walked in right around closing time and there were at least 20-30 people in the restaurant. We stood at the door for a few minutes then someone yelled across the room "We're closed. We open at 11 tomorrow." Haha. Great. That's real helpful when we are hungry right now. Your food isn't something we neeeeeeed so badly that we'll be back at 11 am. It's something we were settling for bc we were close & your dining room looked busy enough that maybe the food wouldn't be bad. But I guess I'll never know. I also didn't realize it was a Fox restaurant. I don't know what the hype is about w those but I've been to others & wasn't impressed. Now sold to the owner of RA? Lol. Please see my review of RA at Kierland to understand why that makes it even less likely that I'll ever know what Sauce is all about.
