5	This pizza/Italian restaurant is a Green Valley classic. It is right across the street from the GV Library, and has fed my starving tummy many a times between study sessions. It is by far the absolute 100% best pizza in this area. And I guarantee Enzo himself will be inside, making pizzas and lasagnas and calzone and chicken fingers, when you get there. The pizzas are pretty big, so be careful when ordering. But its okay if you overdo it, that just means awesome leftovers. It's always hot inside the dining area, so I suggest picking it up and eating it elsewhere. All that magic in the back where they cook must produce a lot of heat. That, or there is no ac unit. I don't know. I know when its 110 degrees out and I am about to eat a piping hot pie, I don't want to be a sweaty Betty. Anyway...if you are from Green Valley and have never had Enzo's, I never want to talk to you again. If you are new to the area, do yourself the favor and check it out. You will not be disappointed. Get some garlic knots too, they add that much more "mmm" factor to Enzos Pizza. I give it five stars and I mean it.
5	This is the Pizza place i have searched for all my life, The new york style pizza just melts in your mouth. The perfect crust has been created at enzo's.you must go here period..
4	Ive lived in Vegas for 2 months and this place is as good as it gets, for me anyway. Im really picky about my pizza, being a Cali girl and all. I ordered a medium pep and waited about 15 minutes. There was some crazy drama while I was there, but that was totally not the employees fault. The chick was crazed. Anyway, the dough was delish, the sause was yummy with a lil spice that I like. It was $15 for that. I'll try those garlic knots next time. I hear they are yummy.
5	I am not from new york. but my old lady is and she says it's just like being back in Brooklyn. So we have ordered here 4 times. 3 times it has been PERFECT. Margarita pizza + some mushrooms. the 4rth was just barely passable. not sure what it was but I think the crust or something was off. But If I order 10 pizzas and only one is as good as the other three I have gotten, then I would still give it 5 stars. and my rating is exclusively on the pizza. inside is kind of old ish run down a bit maybe, the service is so so. but keep in mind this is a old school style establishment. not corporate chain. so DEAL WITH IT and get to "grubbin".
4	It's so great that good food isn't far away from me.  The pizza is delicious and watch out for their sausage... it's incrEDIBLE.I'm one of those people that doesn't eat their pizza crusts but trust me, if the pizza is from Enzo's I'll try to eat it all.  We did have some miscommunication the first time we went here: they ended up giving us a huge ass thick crust pizza when we asked for the thin crust.  Our lesson was learned and we decided to use the correct verbiage of Nepolitana for the thin crust pizza next time we went there and there was no problem.The man up front (not sure what his name is) is a really nice guy and I just want to give hime a big hug when I see him.  As I told my boyfriend "THEY WILL KNOW MY NAME!!!"
5	Love the food, Hate that I unwittingly dated the son of the owner and can no longer go there. Great food, but not worth the akward...so whats been going on lately thing while I wait for food. So ladies, eat the food, not the server lol.
4	Yum! I'd have to agree, Enzo's pizza is what I've been searching for. New York thin crust style pizza that literally just melts in your mouth. I just grabbed a slice of pepperoni for dinner to go. Seriously wishing I had ordered a box! Definitely recommend going, and I will be back!
4	I really really like their margarita pizza ( I don't know if I'm spelling it correctly).  The crust is thin and crisp, the sauce taste like they add clamato and tons of garlic to it.  And simple, cheese, garlic, tomatoes, and basil.  Ordered 5 times, four times it was good.  One time it was soggy.They only reason I don't order more often is it is was too expensive for me to eat unless I am absolutely craving it specifically.  With tax, tip and everything $28 for a large pizza.  Between me and my roommate it's not enough to keep us full.
4	Had a WONDERFUL baked lasagne for lunch here a couple of weeks ago.  It was out of this world, crazy good!  I can't wait to have a chance to go back to try their Napolitana-style pizzas.
3	Perfectly fine pizza, but not the stellar gastronomic experience that I was expecting from the other reviews.I ordered a large veggie with 1/2 chicken added. The veggies were numerous and plentiful (including cooked eggplant and lots of spinach... yum!) However,  The chicken was barely there. Only two pieces of the pie had any at all. I also felt that they were stingy with the mozzarella. The selection and amount of veggies made the overall pizza pretty sloppy, and  the crust soggy. Definitely a knife-and-fork  affair. Perhaps this is just an issue with this particular specialty pie. I'll try another one, but for my money, Metro Pizza, and Giovanni's on Eastern still rate higher.
2	I probably won't be ordering from Enzo's again. For starters, the lady who took my order was rude...I believe she is the owner's wife. She wasn't friendly at all and didn't even give me a time span of when the food would be delivered. Instead she said "we'll see you in a little bit". Really? Because to me, a little bit is 5 minutes. They showed up 50 minutes later. We ordered the garlic knots, hot wings and a 3 topping pizza. The garlic knots were alright, nothing special. I think they should probably be saved for a dine-in experience when you receive them piping hot. The wings were good although could have used a bit more sauce. Ok, so our pizza order was a little complicated. It actually wasn't but apparently nobody understood our request. We ordered a pizza covered entirely with onion and jalapeno, half pepperoni and half olives. There were three of us who all have different likes thus the "complicated" order. We received the pizza and it was all screwed up. Three slices were covered in olives. Two slices had onions. Four slices had pepperoni and then a few jalapenos thrown on three slices by the crust. I called in to let them know they messed up and I get the wife on the phone. She asks me to explain what I ordered and what I received. Halfway through the conversation without notice, she hands the phone to who I assume is Enzo. He asks me to explain what happened and I tell him and while I'm talking he starts yelling at his wife. Um I suggest you wait until the customer is off the phone before your start your domestic dispute. He offered me a free topping for my next order. 1) I won't order from there again and 2) JUST ONE TOPPING?!??! Seriously? Ughhhh! Anyway, the pizza was alright. A little greasy for my taste but the crust was good. Very light and fluffy.I won't be going back to Enzo's.
2	So my sister, brother, and I ordered Enzo's for delivery last night, and I've been going to Enzo's since high school, however, last night was truly disappointing. First of all the lady was so rude to my sis on the phone, to the point where she was almost like screw the order! They totally screwed up our order, and seemed to do a half-ass job on our pizza, not taking the time to spread the toppings out evenly (see pics) they didn't cut the slices even close to even, and just kind of threw everything together!I was utterly disappointed especially for how much money it cost!You expect a little more for the mom and pops joints and want to give them the business over the big conglomerates, but like my sis said, never again! Service and attention to detail go along way and this was just sad!!!
4	I was craving pizza on my way home from work so I just stopped into the first pizza joint I saw.  This appears to be a family-run joint.  The NY style pizza was excellent as was the lasagna!  My only complaint is that the pricepoint leaves no value for the consumer.
4	During my dark and lonely days of travel I have know many fine Italian people and I am personally offended at the stereotypes about them.  First I would like to thank Nunzio for the professional manner he runs his waste management company.  I would like to thank Pete the Cheek for his excellent service at his Long Island Auto Body shop.  Lastly I would like to think my favorite street sweeper Giuseppe Luigi Franco Peter Paul Anthony Rossi.  I like to hang out with them and sip amaretto and chew raw garlic and make pasta while watching the Godfather.  Stereotypes are wrong people. I try to tell my Italian friends that but my mouth is usually full of pizza and pasta.One day I was hanging out with my pisans and they made the radical suggestion that we try an Italian place to eat.  I love Italian food, but in Las Vegas finding good Italian food is like finding a stripper that doesn't know what Charlie Sheen's tongue taste like or what the tattoo on Dennis Rodman's taint says.  Not impossible but too difficult to put forth the effort.  They suggest that we go to Enzo's.  It just sounds right. It just sounds good. Say it out loud. Enzo's. Enzo's. Enzo's.  It is like a retarded person saying "endzone." Beautiful.  So we drive there. It is in a strip mall. Good sign. It is like being on Long Island...except there is no Trader Joe's on Long Island...and if it is I am sure that it is full of organic box wine, jug wine, wine coolers and other really sad items.  We park and walk into the nondescript restaurant.  My expectations were low.  The place from the outside was uninspiring.  Pete the Cheek licked his lips. I threw up the bottle of cough syrup I had drank in the car. Guido bastard ruined my buzz. This food better be good.Despite the fact that Giuseppe brought his monkey and organ grinder and Nunzio kept yelling "that's a spicy meatball" every 30 seconds...but he didn't order meatballs...and they all had dirt on them from burying a guy for not paying the vig...it was really great. The food was terrific.  I have gone back several times since and I can't say one bad thing about the food.  This is going to be ritzy kind of food, it isn't the gourmet Italian food that you get on the strip for 40 bucks a plate.  This is just really great strip mall Italian food than never lets you down and doesn't blow out your wallet.The first thing I had with my friends was the Chicken Parm lunch special. When you go there you get a salad, drink, garlic knots and gelato for 10 bucks. There are like 7 specials including stuffed shells, lasagna, spaghetti with meatballs and others.  For the price it is the best lunch deal in miles. Since that first day I have tried the pasta, the lasagna and more.  The chicken parm and the lasagna are the best. The pasta is good but needs some more oil on the pasta and more sauce.  They tend to under sauce the pasta slightly.  The garlic knots are good, but they need to be a little softer. Sometimes they are overcooked and not as good as the ones that are perfectly cooked, moist and filled with garlic and oil. The gelato is great and they claim it is made in town. It is very rich and creamy. Good ending to the meal.If you are looking for high priced food with ambiance, nice dishes...that fancy place to bring a date...or sob violently because you are dating a girl with one eye, one leg and one kidney...this isn't the place for you. If you and your part time freak want to go out and eat a good meal...go to Enzo's.  Tell them Rex sent you...actually...because of an incident that involved me throwing bleach into former friends beady little eyes...don't mention Rex.Rex hates you. Rex loves himself. Rex wishes that was true.
3	I wasn't impressed when we first got there and when the food came, I was kinda meh.  The server at first was lackadaisical and just wasn't a pleasant person.  Not sure if she heard our complaints but she turned a complete 180 after and she was a chipper lady.  The food came and at first I wasn't thrilled.  I thought it lacked taste but as I ate the food, it tasted better and I was pretty impressed.  Their lunch specials come with "gelato," a drink, and a side salad, and all for $10!  I have to warn you, their gelato isn't gelato.  It tasted like old ice cream. I was seriously disappointed.  For a mom & pop place, this place was a good find.  Just needs to provide better service and don't say their ice cream is gelato.
3	The pizza is fresh and much better than the chains around here, but man does their service suck. The guys on the phone are just plain rude and if they didn't make such a good pizza, I wouldn't order from them. Green Valley is in need of better pizza joints, but until more places with good pies come up, we just have to deal with the bad customer service.
3	Nice place for lunch, they have many specials. I usually get 2 slices with a topping and dink for under $7. Not the best pizza but it is decent and consistant. The owner is normally behind the counter and cooking always in a chipper mood. Deserts are no the best being they are frozen.Give them a try.
5	My husband has had lunch here twice this week and has been raving about this place. We decided to go tonight, and I'm glad to say that I did.Friendly service, good food and even great customers!Enzo's makes all their food in the restaurant, according to the server. None of that pre-packaged crap that other places serve. It sure tasted like it was fresh! Though, a meat lover like myself... I actually hate to admit it, but I enjoyed the cheese pizza more than the meat one!We'll definitely be going back.
5	I can't believe I have been going to Trader Joe's in the same vicinity as Enzo's and I never discovered this little Gem of Italian Food! My son & I were looking for Italian food for Valentine's day and all the places we drove by were jam packed. He had to drop off movies at Block Buster (same vicinity) I waited in the car, I smelled garlic in the air Lo and Behold there I saw Enzo's!  So we took a chance, good thing because all I can say, is that every thing we ordered was DELICIOUS! Finally I found a delicious hole in the wall Italian restaurant, with EXCELLENT & Friendly service! Can't wait to go back this week, this time for pizza! I'm Happily Hooked!
1	I have to agree with Carly G.   As if the food isn't bad enough, the service is even worse.  I had to meet a few friends here so I decided to stay but regretted it.  We all did.  Pizza is awful, spaghetti is right out of a can, or it tasted like it.   Skip this one.  There are great Italian restaurants with far better food and service.
4	its'a pizza pie! my boyfriend's family introduced me to this mom and pop little shop a few months ago. being from nyc they thought i'd appreciate the good pies and the service. we decided to go here for dinner tonight and i was surprised enzo's wife remembered me from back in october. (it's a family joint. the family that makes pizza pies together, stays together!) walking in you get the east coast accents and the funny (maybe harsh to some people who can't take a joke) service. being my 2nd time there tonight i felt like i was part of the family. i love them!the pies are good. good enough that i lick my fingers clean of the sauce. i can't decide if my favorite is the pepperoni or the sausage. thin crust and very fold worthy. very fresh and you can taste it. the garlic knots are tasty and leave my breath warding off vampires for the rest of the day. i love the ranch they use to dip my pizza crust (and sometimes chicken fingers) in. very thick and rich. my boyfriends 1 year old niece happens to love to suck it off the chicken tenders so that has to be a good sign? good enough for me to dip! the chicken fingers always come out extra hot and juicy, white on the inside. beware for a few minutes for your mouths sake. my boyfriend and i also like to share the ravioli in meat sauce. i'm telling you that sauce is addicting.i am a fan of enzo's. the service is fun and reminds me of some of my favorite pizza joints back in nyc. i love their humor and their pizza pies. it is becoming one of my go-to places when i need that nyc crack pizza fix. i get those a lot. good thing with the deals we have leftovers for a few days.
3	I have to lower the rating on this place. While the service and food are pretty good, I can't STAND being charged extra money for condiments that should come with your food when you're eating in the restaurant. I'm sorry, but I don't enjoy being nickel and dimed 60 cents for some frigging ranch. It costs you less than $2 per bottle, and for a table of two you're making $30ish after drinks and whatnot.
3	Enzo's has some pro's and con's. Let's start:Con's: The service is TERRIBLE the staff is rude, and extremely slow.Pro's: They are CHEAP! $20 for:            1) Large cheese pizza- the crust was AMAZING! Sauce was straight out of a can and the middle was a little too greasy for me but the crust made up for it.2) 12 wings- We ordered them Hot (spicy) which they weren't but they still had a good flavor and were cooked well.3) 12 garlic knots- Again these were the same AMAZING dough with a light garlicy salty goodness about them.The meal was large enough for four and we took most of it home.We also ordered the Cappuccino Truffle which was great. (Cappuccino ice cream covered in a dark chocolate shell.) Overall I would go back..... But order take out :)
4	This is a fixture in Green Valley as it has been there for at least the 18 years I've lived here.  There's a few things you should know about this place.I can't say much about the whole menu as I pretty much stick to the pizza when I order take-out.  What to expect:-Enzo might be cranky that day, don't hold it against him it's hot back there.-The pizza is awesome and the crust is the BEST.-If you like toppings, please know that they will NEVER be evenly distributed around the pie.  Get used to it, it's been that way forever.-The sausage is a crumbly shredded consistency which I love the texture it gives and the flavor is terrific.-Enzo's son will park his Audi in the best spot right out front and after a while you'll stop being pissed about it.-Don't even think about asking Enzo to sell you a ball of dough like most places would for $2, he has a psychotic fear that you'll take it to a lab and have it analyzed and open up a place next door and run him out of business.Bottom line...the pizza is great! Great flavor and I even find myself daydreaming about a large peperoni and sausage right after eating at the deli next door.
5	The pizza at Enzo's was very delicious!!! I went with 2 other people and we got a large pizza, garlic knots and an order of wings for $20.00. That was a great deal! The owner was extremely nice and very friendly! I liked the feeling of being in a place that was family owned. The son came just after we got our food and made sure our drinks were filled and that we were doing okay. I would highly recommend this place if you love good tasting pizza and a cozy environment.
2	I used to work in the plaza with Enzo's, so it was a convenient thing to eat on my lunch/dinner breaks.  The service is very hit or miss.  Sometimes the staff seems to bend over backwards to make you happy, and at other times they make you feel like you are an inconvenience.  Whatever.The pizza is pretty generic.  As others have said, the sausage is good.  The sauce is pretty boring.  However, the crust is nice - light and fluffy.  Topping distribution is really odd.  I ordered a pizza there tonight, and there were FIVE pepperoni slices baked on top of each other, while other slices had none.  Weird.  Oh, and don't order a dinner salad.  It's literally just lettuce on a plate.Overall, my fiance and I eat at Enzo's when we're sick of everything else.  It's not exactly something I crave, but it's okay.EDIT 07/10/12:  I took away an additional star.  While my review regarding the food quality stands as written, the service has gone downhill... if that's even possible.  Enzo can be so damn crabby sometimes that I feel like cowering in a corner if I need to ask for something.  Why would I waste money at a place like Enzo's when there are so many alternatives?  If you want to try some great local pizza with likewise great service, try the new Bistro Pizza on Gibson.  It's fantastic.
5	Best pizza in town. Hardest working family I know. :)
5	Enzo is the BEST!!! You will not find a better pizza joint in ALL of Vegas... And this is coming from a Metro Pizza fanatic!This little gem is located in a shopping mall on Green Valley and Sunset (by Trader Joes).  There is a small dinning room with booths and tables. I've tried their pizzas, calzones, garlic knots, and sandwiches. All which tasted like authetic New York pizza! The service is quick. The store is clean. The staff is friendly.Enzo's is great for take out and they have a limited delivery area. Now my go-to pizza jizz-oint! Hey-o!
5	Enzo's gives you wings! I don't know what they are putting in the sauce, but last night I could not stop stuffing my face with this delicious pizza and can't stop wishing I had some in front of me right now. Margherita pizza, garlic knots and bucket of fingers ordered and delivered within 25 minutes flat! WORK! They even remembered my extra ranch and hot sauce. I thought for certain the pie would be undercooked since we received it in warp speed time, but hell no. It was perfectly crisp in all the right places. I feel like the sauce is seasoned better than other places. They don't just slap tomato sauce down. They care about what they are serving and you can taste it in every single bite. Unless that bite misses your mouth and ends up on your shirt. The crust is not the crust you leave on the plate or feed to the dogs either. You dip that lovin in Ranch like a champion! The chicken fingers paired with their HIGHLY ADDICTIVE, homemade Ranch dressing here could possibly be my favorite in town. No joke. I'm also nuts for the knots. Garlic knots which I kept sneaking back into the kitchen for more. I'm hooked. This feast along with one of the best episodes of  Southpark made for a perfect night in.  Hilarious!!!!http://nymag.com/daily/entertainment/2011/10/south-park-broadway-bro-down.htmlPoint of the story is this. Enzo's has been in Green Valley since I can remember. Unlike Kim Kardashian's fake marriage(I knew it wouldn't last)  this restaurant  will be going strong until the end of time if I have anything to say about it. A family owned business that's consistently delivering  5 Stars across the board each and every time. ENZO'S FOR LIFE, BABY!!!
4	Needed a pizza fix while overnighting in Henderson.  Yelp didn't let me down.  Enzo's makes a great New York Style thin crust pizza.  The pepperoni and sausage are just like you get in New York.They have a small dining area (about 8-10 tables) or you can order take out as I did (was ready in 15 minutes).  Delivery is also available in a limited area.I would definitely recommend these guys.
4	Second time there last night, I tried the daily special baked ziti, after debating going with the same meal as last time (chicken parm with angel hair pasta) or trying something new. The owner was the one taking our order, asked what I was debating between and told her. Of course, my first choice was "one of our best", which made me question ordering anything else. After confirming that the baked ziti is one of her other favorites, I gave it a shot.Our food came out, and my ziti was incredibly hot, when they say baked, they take it from the oven, directly to your table! Once it cooled down enough to not scald my mouth, the flavors of the sauce and cheese complimented each other quite well. We were there toward the end of the night, the service was still OK, nothing incredible but good. If the pasta did not split apart and fall off the fork it would have been a bit easier to eat.Being that my wife keeps getting "alright" food, not sure if we will go back together again.
4	I had been several times at the business center where Enzo's is located and I was curious about that little place next to my local Trader Joe's. Finally one of those weekends of pizza cravings, I decided to give this restaurant a try, and I was glad I did. I tried the napolitana pizza, which on the menu says is the thin crust. I was worried about it being so thin I'd feel like eating a toast; but it was perfect! Not too thin, not to thick.  The tomato sauce tastes definitely homemade. Something strange ( I had read about in a previous review) is that the toppings are not evenly put in the whole pizza, but somewhat accumulated towards the center. The flavor was exquisite, so this uneven toppings distribution didn't bother me at all. There's not doubt I will come back for more delicious food at this place, however this time I will not have a pick up pizza, but I will eat there. The dining area looks cozy, and family owned, and places like this, are precisely my favorite to eat.Enzo's pizzeria in Henderson, you will be my savior for my next pizza cravings :)
2	Dear Enzo's,I love you.  You, your food, and your humble decor and atmosphere.  I feel like we've gotten to know each other quite well.  After all, I have been eating your food for as long as I can remember (at least 20 years).  I'm very fond of the memories I have with you.  However, Enzo's, if you are rude to me or my husband, one more time, I will probably never come back ever again.  I understand that there may be an east meets west kind of out-of-syncness with our communication, I get it.  I really do.  But you complained about us, in front of us, because we didn't give you the coupon at the exact time when you preferred it.  Never mind that I have been coming here for 20 years or that we simply didn't know.  You don't make eye contact, you don't say hello or thank you.  When I ask a question, the answer is half-assed and un-helpful.  Enzo's, your food is terrific.  The value is terrific.  I hold sentimental value in your establishment.  But your service of late, steals every bit of pleasure from our meals.  It tarnishes the memories.  It makes the food taste bitter.  I really don't want to break up with you Enzo's, but in case you didn't know there are a lot of new players in the locally-owned delicious Italian food genre.  Some might even have better food than yours.  If you were nice to me, I wouldn't even think about it.  But as of right now, they are looking like my next choice.
1	So I ordered a large 16 inch Pizza Napolitana for delivery with 3 items, and asked for mushrooms, tomatoes and anchovies(only on half the pizza) the guy charged me $5 for delivery because I lived like 5 miles away instead of the 3 miles radius that they charge 2$ for which I didnt mind paying although it didnt seem fair and when I got my pizza i wish I had returned it. My total was $24 something and for a 16inch 3 topping pizza it was a total rip off. The anchovies I asked for only on half the pizza ended up being 3 tiny pieces on 4 big slices of pizza, thats not even one anchovie for a slice!!! Also, mushrooms and tomatoes are not the most expensive veggies in the world and it looked as if they sliced just one mushroom and one tomatoe for a large pizza that clearly looked that these guys were trying to make money and not a quality pizza. It might be a different story if you are in the restaurant for a sit down where they cant do it to your face but for delivery they totally try to get away with being as cheap as possible and $24 dollars for a pizza shouldnt be a cheap pizza with barely anything on it, bottom line, i paid $24 dollars for a cheese pizza.
4	The food here is good. The ingredients on Pizza are fresh and garlic Knots are awesome. I have been here twice since I have moved to Henderson and although the Pizza is good the attitudes of the people who work there are horrible. The owner is great but it seems like the rest of the staff needs to take a lesson from him. They are so rude I question if I will return.
5	I recommend the special it was very good! Pizza, wings and knots where delicious. The service is great. I can't wait to go back. :)
3	Fellow yelper Kirellos S. and I shared a pepperoni pizza, mild chicken wings and garlic knots.-The garlic knots are better than any other garlic knots that I've ever had.-The chicken wings were good, because they were freshly cooked and served steaming hot. According to other yelp reviews, the ranch is homemade.-The pizza was a little bit thicker than I had hoped for, but that's not really saying much coming from a person who enjoys thin crust pizzas. The sauce was really good.I definitely enjoyed my stay there, because Kirellos elbowed his water, spilling it everywhere. The owner came and mopped it up, reassuring him that it was okay, since she knows he did not do it on purpose. Then another guy came to mop a second time and said, "Who needs the sippy cup?" We were relieved that they used comedic relief to make us feel better about the accident. The best part was that they really did replace his water with a sippy cup! Ok, it was really a to-go cup, but it was just as funny. Great experience overall!
5	We had our dinner catered from this place. The chicken pastas and lasagna were good, but the eggplant parmesan was incredible. I wasn't even that hungry, and I do eat meat, but eggplant parmesan was just so good. It's even better than Maggiano's.Soo psyched for leftovers.
4	After reading fellow Yelpers praise this long-time pizza-making fixture in Henderson, I decided to give it a shot--which is a big deal for me, because to cut down on cholesterol, I generally limit my pizza eating to a pie every two months.  So, the pizza must be very good, or I will waste 1/6 of my annual allotment on an inferior product.  And, that I do not ever want to do.  So, you will never find me ordering pizza from a national chain.I was quite pleased with Enzo's pizza.  The whole dining experience did not knock it out of the park, but I found the pizza I sampled by and large to be excellent.  The interior of Enzo's is not really pretty, but it has functional, comfortable booths.  My foursome ordered Garlic Knots first.  The knots that arrived were hot and oily but contained very little taste of garlic.  The dough was tasty, but I believe Garlic Knots should feature garlic.  A small Iceberg Lettuce Dinner Salad, with Italian dressing, that included a few hard carrot chunks, cucumbers, and tomato slices, was tasty but fairly ordinary.Now it was time for the pizza!  I did not scrimp on ingredients or size, ordering entirely for myself a 16", four-topping Pizza Napolitana beauty.  My choices of toppings this night were sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, and cooked sliced tomatoes.  The table groaned under the weight of this pie that somehow was fitted beside another all-cheese 16-incher for our friends, and a third 16" pie that sported sausage, ham, and extra cheese for Diane.  Besides their large pie, my friends also ordered Chicken Fingers.  We were a serious group of diners, intent on eating!  And, to my own shock, I ate three Garlic Knots and my whole 16" pizza in one sitting.  There were no leftovers for me.As for the pizza, the crust was perfect.  It was thin but not too thin, and did not resemble the cracker bread variety found in Italy.  The pizza slices were just saucy and cheesy enough; unusual crumbly mild sausage tasted good; and I found that the unusual-looking disks of mild pepperoni got along famously with my taste buds.  Pizza slices folded somewhat in the hand as is desirable.  I didn't mind that more sausage congregated in the center of the pie, so that the tips of slices were denser in sausage than other parts; I just moved some of the sausage over by hand.  I was prepared for this, because one Yelp reviewer had said that a trademark of Mr. Enzo, who was the pizza maker this night, was unevenly spread toppings, and advised to just accept it.  So, I did.  The only thing a bit displeasing was that a few cooked tomato slices on my pizza were orange rather than red.You would think that we ate enough.  But we were not through yet!  How is a meal complete without a fine dessert?  And, Enzo's had them available--in spades.  Diane and I enjoyed a Manhattan: merged Vanilla and Chocolate Ice Creams highlighted with chopped almonds and a cherry center, and dipped in a hard coating of dark chocolate, with some Chocolate Sauce ladled over that.  C'mon!  How could we pass this up?  The sweet concoction was decadent and luscious, and its taste a contrast of excellent creamy ice creams and delicious flaking sections of hard chocolate melded together with superior Chocolate Sauce having the thickness of hot fudge.My dining companions and I made this pizza night count!
2	Pizza is very good, havent tried anything else yet, however their service is just as bad as most new yorkers, they charge 50CENTS for refills! bunch of cheapskates! only on the strip you can get away with that!
2	Why is this place still open? Staff are unfriendly at best, and rude generally. Asking for simple things like a bread plate for the bread knots is apparently an inconvenience. The tv is blaring some obnoxious news station and she blatantly ignored multiple requests to change the station. My daughter first asked and she rudely just said no. The pizza slice my daughter got was so greasy, that it dripped off in this reddish-orange greasy liquid. She refused to eat it. I ordered eggplant pasta, which was okay, but nothing special, especially for $11 a plate.It's a dive. If you like that sort of place, then you might like it here. But, just be aware that they don't charge "dive" prices.
5	Since my last review I have been here several times ant the service has been excellent. Perhaps they were just having a bad day. Food is consistent and tasty. I Love the house Pizza with the meatballs and the garlic knots =)
1	It sounds like the food here is spectacular and I wish I'd have been able to try it. Unfortunately, I'm not cool with being pointedly ignored when I walk in somewhere and say hello to the person behind the counter. Long story short I walked in, was ignored. Went to counter, was ignored. Got order taken, tried to use a coupon, the lady said "No." "I can't use it?" "No." Oh. Alright.I was ordering the daily special and wanted to use an Entertainment coupon. I'd have understood if she had been really nice and just let me know that she would be losing money on a coupon. Then I'd have pocketed the coupon and went about with the order. I just don't like being treated like a stupid jerk. I get ignored and given attitude like this when I wear a name badge, I don't need it when I enter an establishment to spend money. So I told her I'd just go somewhere else and she shrugged.No big loss for either of us, I suppose!
5	My friend's and I have been going to Enzo's since we were in highschool.  Now, 15 years later, it is still my go to pizza joint.  Weather getting a basic pizza, or manacotti, stuffed shells, lasagna, whatever!  Everything is delicious.  I dream about their garlic knots for weeks.  Can't say enough good things about this place.  Definitely two thumbs up!
1	Bad food, Bad Service, Bad Price!!! Pizza dough was so mushy and the NY-combo pizza was too oily and not tasty at all! The side salad looked like it came straight out of out-dated market package. It was terrible! I should've known when I first walked in. There was only 1 table occupied and I found out later it was the owner lady and her friend X( Anyway, sad to see a local business not doing well but it's kinda easy to see why...
4	This place has the best baked ziti.. i highy recommend this when at Enzo's.. prices are decent very small hole in the wall located in the green valley shopping center near trader joe's.. I would suggest going on a beautiful day and enjoy the weather and sit outside. Staff is friendly, you will not be disappointed.
2	The food is actually pretty good here. I would give the place 3.5-4 stars on the food alone.  However, I gave it 2 stars because the service is downright horrible.  I mostly order delivery and whenever I call they seem pissed that I'm calling. This could be a great place if they would improve the customer service.
5	My boyfriend and I eat at Enzo's all the time and while I can see why some people think the service is hit-or-miss, I for one am willing to look past the rare occurances of less than stellar service we have received in the past because the food is just that good! I always joke that they must put crack in the pizza because it's so addicting. Some people may find the pizza too greasy but I would'nt change a thing about it. If you go there definitely try the garlic knots, they're the stuff dreams are made of. I've even gone there just to get an order of knots to go!
1	Must have been good at some point but not when I was there.You could hear the 2 employees complain the whole time.  They should have been watching the food instead.  Garlic knots were hard as weapons and the pizza crust was burnt cardboard.Never again.
2	good food, but bunch of cheapskates, they charge 50 cents for a refill! only on the strip you can get away with that! The son is rude, he doesn't bring my slices to me, he leaves it on the counter for me to pick it up when im dining in and just talks to his mommy, instead of improving the business, theyve been in business for 20 years but theres a reason the place is never sold out! A pizza oven should never be empty!
1	I ordered food from Enzo's to go. I should have known better when I showed up and there was no one in the place except the guy behind the counter who didn't seem that excited to be helping me with my to-go order. I got fettuccini alfredo which comes with garlic knots and a house salad. Yikes. When my order is given to me it is in a box that used to house their canned alfredo sauce. Uh...at least pretend my meal didn't come out of a jar, would ya? The garlic knots were bad, at best. They were garlicky...which is desireable, but that's where it ends. They were hard and clearly not made from scratch. (By the way, bread and alfredo sauce are very easy-to-make, minimal ingredient items.) The salad was...just, wow. Awful iceberg lettuce that was browning. Tomatoes that were dried out. Carrots that were shriveled around the edges and clearly had seen better days. The dressing was obviously from a tub as well, not surprisingly at this point.All in all, this place should only be open to Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares. I've heard the pizza is ok, but I'm scared to find out what jars their sauce comes from and what bags their pre-shredded cheese comes out of.
5	Enzo's is, in a word, terrific! I had lived a block from this little Italian restaurant for more than a year before I discovered them. Like some other reviewers, I felt that perhaps the service could have been friendlier; that said, however, the staff was not unfriendly, per se, and the food more than makes up for what this establishment may be lacking in personality. The crust of the pizza is delectable;  it is light, fluffy and crispy, with wonderful flavor! I am ordinarily not a crust-eater, but with the side of ranch that was provided free of charge and without even being requested, I dipped and ate every last bite! The service was prompt, and the pizza was simply delicious! On another, perhaps unimportant note, my five year old had to visit the restroom while we were there, and the restroom was clean and well-stocked, which is always a pleasant surprise! We will not hesitate to return to Enzo's, and will likely go out of our way to visit if we someday move from the Green Valley area. Next time, if we can resist their pizzas, we'll be checking out the pasta!
1	Over priced, boring and bland. Place looks like it should for a NY style pizza joint... But it sure doesn't deliver. I can't believe they are even allowed to call that tasteless piece of cardboard pizza! Sadly, I would not eat here again.
1	I've been here twice and am just not impressed. Ok, the garlic knots are good, big whoop it is not rocket science. The first time I went in for lunch specials. I had to walk up and return my salad because the lettuce was disgustingly wilted. I was given another, the same. :( Served with bottled ranch, double sad face. Now here is the breakdown of their salad: Iceberg lettuce that is at least three days already cut and wilted, peeled carrots that have been cut into chunks by a three year old (no seriously, it is comical) and a wedge of green tomato. What? And it wasn't just the one time, nor the second time I exchanged it but also the same three weeks later when I ventured out again. The second time I had the salad, (which I did not eat, it just came with the meal) and eggplant parmesan. I have eaten eggplant parmesan many many places, and this was the worst. Ever. Ever. And it was a daily chef special. What? Nothing special here, and I didn't eat it. I let the bf enjoy his pizza and we left. I will not be back. Home made ranch is expected when you go out and it is not hard to make. Salads are easy to make fresh and don't cost much. Losing guests because of bad attitudes and crappy food should not be an issue for a mom and pop place, ever. Put work into your product, or have you forgotten how to cook with love?
4	A solidly good New York pizza.
3	A few years after an unpleasant visit to Enzo's , when a nasty attitude caused us to walk out before ordering, I decided to give it a second try. If I were writing this review a few years back,  I would've given Enzo's one star and make them the leading listing on a "Failed Remedial Business Skills 101" list. The deal was that my brother and myself walked inside around 3 p.m. At any rate, instead of being greeted warmly, the older woman snapped something about we cannot get the lunch special. This was approximately two minutes past the end of the lunch special.  And why did she assume we wanted the lunch special?  Immediately afterwards we left and took our business elsewhere. This experience left us with a terrible impression of Enzo's.   A couple of apartment leases later, I returned to Enzo's for the lunch special.  I peaked inside to see if the older woman was there. It seemed safe. The restaurant was relatively empty. Maybe other people had had similar experiences here. The younger woman at the counter was pleasant. I got past the walking out before I order stage,  and paid $6 plus change for the lunch special.   The lunch special includes two slices of New York pizza and medium soda. Soda refills are 50 cents. The pizza could hold its own to a decent New York pizzaria. Enzo's Pizza literally gives a slice of New York's food culture to Henderson Nevada. Still I have tasted better pizza in the Las Vegas valley.   I am giving Enzo's three stars. A future review could keep it the same rating or change it. If I come in around 3:02 p.m., and am given an attitude,  there will be a new list on Yelp. Enzo's had been an example of a restaurant serving good food that turns away business with lousy customer service.
3	good, solid PieNY style, paper thin crust, nice burnt dough bubbles in the crust, toppings seem to mesh well...pizza by the slice...Ideal spot to hit after the club.
4	I love the pizza here and if you go ask Enzo to make it extra crispy!!! Also order some garlic knots and sprinkle some parmesan cheese all over them mmmmmmm....
1	Video link at bottom review. Worst service I have ever had. I am 22 years old I don't want to be treated with any disrespect because I wear a hat. I have lived here for 5 days and new to the area they will really short with me had an a problem because I did not understand there menu and had to ask for a menu. No help at all. So on top if the bad service the pizza was horrible. I called Enzo back (the owner) to say I was unhappy with the pizza and service and her swore and yelled on the phone. So I went in to talk to him and he swore at me in person telling me to f****n leave. Only wanted to pay me back for half the price. Worst place I have been to here in the area. I have a video of him yelling at me.  He refused to give me his name and wanted to hear nothing I had to say.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kuq5w_GpZTo&feature=youtu.be please check it out.
5	Handspun New York style pizza!Favorite pizza place in Vegas by far.  This is the closest I've come to finding authentic NY style pizza.  The crust was perfect and the pizza was huge.  The prices aren't bad and the service friendly.  Try an order of garlic knots, they're heaven.
5	Best pizza outside of New York! My Husband and I went to Enzo's for lunch yesterday. I had the cheese pizza and garlic knots and my Husband had the chicken parm sandwich. Delicious! Live across town but will travel there for great food!
5	The best best pizza I've had in the Vegas area so far its in Henderson I suggest to anyone to make a detour to this place this pizza is the bomb salads are the bomb service is the bomb go for it will not be disappointed
4	Great food, reasonable prices!  Small restaurant that could be easily overlooked, make a trip to trader joes and then stop next door st Enzo's!
1	The food is good. However I ordered a medium pizza half bacon and 10 wings. The price was almost $28. There weren't even carrots with my wings. Not impressed for the price.They also charged me a delivery fee, I live directly across the street.
1	Rude service. I called to place a delivery order and the guy that answered was less than thrilled to have to do anything. He placed me on "hold" and I could hear him complaining in the background to his coworker about having to charge a card. Finally, a girl picked up and I mentioned delivery and she said, "of course you would". Enzo's has lost my service, extremely rude.
3	I got the "Meat Lovers" pizza for takeout.: ham, pepperoni, sausage, bacon, meatball. By the looks of the place, I'm glad I got it to go. The pizza was okay. Just like a hundred other meat lovers pizzas at other pizza joints. It won't knock your socks off.
5	We came across Enzo's after stopping at  Trader Joes. It was 8:55pm, but the owner was more than welcoming. I loved the feel of the place, very mom & pop-like. The wife ordered 2 cheese pizza slices, a soda, & a salad for about $9. I had two pepperoni slices and a house beer for $7. It was all freshly made- we were satisfied with the prices, quality of food, and friendly customer service!
5	Amazing pizza and salads! Iove the garden salad w mozzarella cheese and their house Italian dressing is THE BEST! I could drink it! I just bought some extra containers to bring home. Their pizza is done right, just so great! We live in north west Vegas but anytime we have to go to Henderson we make it a point to eat here, I would probably even make a special trip if I had no reason to go to Henderson anymore. :) thanks Enzo's!
2	I ordered a ravioli dinner and it was good.  But my husband and daughter got the chicken alfredo and I think the just put sweet corn sauce on the noodles and no alfredo sauce . They couldn't even eat it. $50 delivery down the toilet . Will never order from here again .
5	The chicken fingers are DELICIOUS!!!!! Make sure you get the hot ones cuz the mild don't have any kick to them.  Pizza and garlic knots were also tasty.  We come here every time we visit Vegas. :)
1	We came in at 845, the owner told us to "hurry up & make up our minds" to my boyfriend and I. Also, he couldn't order the stuffed pasta because it takes too long to make. We changed our order...I got the chicken philly, which wasn't pleasing at all. It was all bread! They up charged for fries and it came with barely any. We usually go to Napoli's (which is similar) but wanted to try something different...sad to say we weren't pleased at all. The owner was also acting like a grumpy old man.
2	Mediocre, at best. They were nice and the service was decently fast, but certainly not worth the money. My small dish of ravioli was $13.Certainly not worth the money.
1	We stopped in for a quick bite. The owner was rude to take out order. We ordered ice tea and it tasted horrible. We asked to get something else and the owner was rude about us not liking the ice tea. The chicken fingers were way too salty and the meatball Parmesan needed more sauce. Don't waste your money here.
2	Mediocre. Nothing special, service good. Salad mostly iceberg lettuce. Pizza sauce too plain for my taste.
5	Been going to this place since I was born. We still enjoy it. Enzo and Margaret are some of the nicest people and the food has always been delicious. Definitely a family restaurant. Also great catering.
5	White pizza and cheese breadsticks. So amazing! ! First time here and we loved it. We will be back.
2	I want to love Enzo's so bad. I want it to be my go-to neighborhood pizza joint where we bring the kids and hang out on weekends. I want the food to be delicious and the service friendly and fast and the prices reasonable. Unfortunately, in 2 visits, I've found it to be none of these things.My husband always raves about how this place was so popular, it was THE place to get pizza when he was growing up in Green Valley in the 90s. Unfortunately, they haven't updated the restaurant at all since the 90s. The booths are old and saggy, the cushions are teal, even the light-up menu doesn't work anymore....and they haven't thought to fix it. Service is indifferent. Both times we've been in, I felt like we were putting them out by even being in the restaurant. Last night, they put the wrong toppings on my husband's pizza, took 20 minutes to make a new one (while I finished my dinner), and then acted annoyed when they brought out the new pizza. And then acted annoyed and had some kind of not-too-quiet conference in the back when he asked for a box (we had a movie to get to). And then charged us full price.The pizza I actually like. The crust is thicker and a little doughy and it has a lot of cheese on it. My husband doesn't like how the toppings are all bunched in one section, though, like they just threw them on there. The baked ravioli was fine, nothing special. They advertised it as "Florentine, with spinach" so I expected some spinach in there. Strangely, though, it was just cheese ravioli with 3 leaves of spinach put on top before they baked it. It came with a side salad that was seriously a joke - maybe 2 leaves of sad white iceberg crushed up with dressing on top. I almost laughed when he brought it out. Even the garlic knots were just meh and dry.To add insult to injury, the prices are on the high side. $13 for the pasta. $16 for a small pizza w 3 toppings.So I want to love it, but I just can't. Won't be back.
2	My Wife and I visited Enzo's on three separate occasions. Their pizza is OK, a bit overpriced and nothing special. We visited a second and third time because our options are limited here in Las Vegas/Henderson. Our third visit, last night, was the last straw. We ordered the Enzo's special, which included a large cheese pizza, 10 wings, and an order of garlic knots. The pizza and knots were mediocre at best. However, this is not the sole reason for us reverting back to Alexander's pizza (Located on Broadbent BLVD), which is the better choice of the two. Our order of wings became fictional after we realized that there were no wings. Instead, we received 10 dried-up mini chicken legs.  We determined that dried-up mini chicken legs just might be Enzo's trademark. Our order of wings came as such on all three occasions. Done.
