1	I was also here for the Guetta show on Jan. 2.  Although the DJ was great, I don't think I'll be returning to Haze anytime soon.Pros: - good sound & lights- good bathrooms.  No wait for the ladies' room.Cons: - Small dance floor & terrible layout.  Haze is like a series of tunnels into a small, double-decker cave with low ceilings (VIP upstairs).  If it's a big show like this one was, expect to be canned like a sardine and pushed around by everyone with absolutely no room to move. It's possible that the promoters might have seriously oversold the show.... I'm used to crowds, but Haze was insanely packed and not in a good way.- No cell signal (blame AT&T if you want, but I had signal outside the club.)- Cigarette smoke is really an issue - there's a reason they call it Haze, I suppose.- Very expensive drinks.  I don't usually complain about this, but I've never paid $8 for a glass bottle of water before.  Guess I should have been drinking the $7 Coke? I noticed everything was served in glass...for a dance club, plastic would seem a better choice.Even though Guetta was excellent, all these factors combined made for a rather unpleasant evening!
1	New Years Eve 2009-2010 Party for Tiesto.According to my friend, we were supposed to be VIP with table service. In addition, our hostess told us that we would get 5,000 dollars worth of credit at the club.Problem:The club basically messed up everything. When some of our friends got there, they couldn't get in because the people at the door said they weren't on the list. We had to call the hostess to personally show up to let them in. Another problem came up when our friends couldn't even get a table. The people at the door just ripped the tickets even though they said table service on them. By the time our group got there, we still had no table. My friend who got the VIP tickets ended up complaining to get our rightful Table Service. However, by the time we had gotten Table Service, it was pretty damn late (3-4am). The club also made us pay 800 dollars in drinks in order to keep the Table (the club later refunded our friend the drink and the $10,000 he paid for the tickets and table).Conclusion:I will probably never go back to that nightclub ever again. When in Vegas, go to TAO. Forget Haze.
3	I came here for the NYE celebration with DJ Tiesto spinning. Now I'm not the biggest techno fan, but the bro is and so I came along. Problem is tickets were sold out and at $350 for face value, not very cheap either. So what to do when one is in Vegas? Grease the door guy. The guy let us in for $150 each plus the $350 admission for $1k total for the both of us. That was a lot, but considering people were paying at least 1k each for a table, not as much as it could have been. And, all the tables were sold out, even the 20k ones, showing how hot an event this truly was. Now the club layout is pretty basic, with one main dance floor. The place itself is really small compared to the other clubs I've been to in Vegas (Pure, Tao, XS, etc.). But, the bartenders are really quick to serve drinks, and give a generous pour of alcohol. The prices at $15 for a belvedere and soda are comparable to any higher end establishment in vegas or LA for that matter. I won't likely come here again since it really is small, unless I get some sort of discount or something, but with the right dj, anything is possible.
3	Haze is okay and I didn't find anything spectacular about it.   Most of the drinks are 14 dollars and it's not a stiff drink like Tryst.   At Tryst, my Bacardi and Coke was clear.   At Haze they just charge more for a normal drink.   It gets pretty crowded in here and most people don't know there's a bar in the back which made it nice for those of us who found it.    There's a second floor here but the problem is that unless you have a booth you can't really look down and watch people dancing.   There is a small section where you can look over the railing but the security guards were telling people they couldn't stay there.  There was robot looking figure on stilts, all lit up and shooting laser beams out of his hands that was interesting to watch.I'll probably come back here since I had fun; especially, if I stay at Aria again.
3	JOHN LEGEND was here! I LOVE JOHN LEGEND!I want to give this place 5-stars JUST for JOHN LEGEND, JUST because they were clever enough to invite the SEXIEST man alive to sing here on his 31st birthday. But alas, the club itself was alright. (Note that this is my very first clubbin experience in Vegas). ---DRINKS---Ridiculously expensive! (But..I guess that's the Vegas Clubbin norm...)- Long Island: $14- Patron Shot: $14 - Double Tequila Sunrise $18- Bottle of Water: $8- ALL drinks start at $14.Yea, my wallet seriously hates me now. Just so you know.--BARTENDER--Below Standard. And apparently, you can't return drinks here that you sip and don't like nor even get it altered. I have NEVER been to a bar/club that this is the case. We asked the bartender to concoct us something strong and she poured us...guess what? TRIPLE SEC and "vodka". Not only was it not creative, it wasn't even an alcoholic drink! I'm sorry...I'm not stupid and furthermore not someone to take advantage of...but I believe all hard liquors have pour spouts on them and you pull them from the well, not the juice area!...what I just blatantly watched you pour me was Triple Sec and LEMON JUICE! After pointing this out and taking a small sip sip, I realized immediately that there was NO alcohol in this drink. Asked her to re-concoct the drink, and nope! "We can't do that here." After holding my ground and not leaving, she finally rolled her eyes, picked up the correct vodka bottle (with the pour spout) and poured and "topped" the drink off with a dinky amount of booze. *shakes head*. I apologize, Yelp, for the cursing but...what a load of BULLSHIT. Mr. Smith's in SF really needs to train all the bartenders in the world on how to be courteous, friendly, and efficient. It IS possible. That's right! Show them, Mr. Smith's!---MUSIC/ENTERTAINMENT---Started off with a mix of house/hip hop. But as the night continued, the music streamed into some great mainstream hip hop that was awesome to dance to. There were plenty of go-go girls and a random pole-dancing, strip-tease kinda dance in between which was pretty hot. And of course...JOHN LEGEND sang Ordinary People and Green Light from the balcony. *happy sigh* Star struck. ---AMBIANCE---Huge dance floor, lots of space. ---ORGANIZATION---Long line. VIP Passes allowed girls to get in free and guys in for $30 instead of $40. Yea, find a promoter. ---FINALLY---I might come here again if friends are having a gathering, but I'd definitely check out all the other options in Vegas in the future.
3	I wasn't really expecting much from this place after reading the reviews on here and from other places. I would say it lived up to my expectations. The employees were friendly and talkative unlike other places I have been. I arrived at about 11:15. Had about a 20 min wait in GA line. Admission for guys was $40. I think it is normally $30 but John Legend was there so I guess someone determined he was worth $10. Drinks were more expensive than usual. Red Bull and Vodka ran $19. I felt that they were prepared and mixed well enough. Lack of signage inside was annoying. I didn't feel like it was overcrowded. The size of the club was average. I prefer smaller clubs. I wasn't able to get ATT cell phone signal anywhere inside of Aria including Haze. Music was good overall but not great. Mostly Pop/Hip-Hop. There were a couple of breaks when dancers came out and most club goers stopped dancing and watched. I didn't care for it. John Legend came out and lip-synched some stuff. Left at about 4 am neither angry nor satisifed.
1	Not impressed. Considering my friends who work for Light Group said it was supposed to compete with XS @ Encore, I was looking forward to something Bigger and Better. It was smaller. Ceilings were low. Workers were running like their lives depended on it.And it was dark..omg, it was SO dark! Can't see all the beautiful (and not so beautiful) people. XS IS BETTER. GO THERE!!! lol
1	So pumped to go here and then BAM...the worst ever. So sad. The night started off so good. 5 chicks walk up and 5 chicks get escorted to the VIP tables. Pretty freak'n awesome right? (Yes, I am one of those chicks.) An entrance like that and you have a feeling "tonight's going to be a good night". Well, not so much. The music was okay but the club was really empty and this was on NYE weekend. Also, the bouncers would constantly ask you to move, not step there, don't lean against the wall, don't do this don't do that, you can't be here, and etc. To put it in perspective I had given my coat to the coat check and we were leaving to go somewhere else. I leaned down against a wall, literally right in front of coat check, to look into my mini purse to find the coat check ticket and a bouncer grabs me by my arm and says I can't bend down. I understand, he thinks I'm drunk. (I'm not in the slightest because my not has been so boring). So explain that I'm looking for the ticket and I lean again down to check my person. He says he doesn't care what I'm doing but not to do that and pulls me up. I say WOW, no problem. I find the ticket and we're out. There was one light in the tunnel; this one bouncer was the nicest, most caring guy. He saw us dancing in the VIP room and that our purses were out on the sofa, he showed us a secret drawer to put them into and placed them in there. He also shared that we were able to dance on the platforms if we wanted but wanted us to be aware of our heels on the sofa. He did this with grace and respect. Love that guy! Great employee. Granted we are talking about a club here but I expect to have the time of my life at a club in Vegas, especially when it is one of the newest ones in town. This club was a bust.
4	I went here with two other girlfriends on a Saturday night. I wasn't planning on attending Haze as I saw the bad reviews from others, but I was given free admission passes from a girl at Dior, and Katy Perry was hosting, so we decided to give it a chance. We got there early (9:30ish) since we weren't on the guestlist and were let in with the first group of people just after 10. The atmosphere/decor wasn't the coolest I've ever seen, but it wasn't bad either. It is dark and "hazy" as the name suggests, but it's mainly due to fog effects and not cigarette smoke. The club is a square with the dance floor in the center and bottle service tables around the perimeter. There is also a second level that overlooks the dance floor. Most of the second level is also for bottle service, but there is a small area where non VIPs can stand and look over the floor, which is where we hung out most of the night. We had a great view of Katy Perry's performance (which was AWESOME by the way) from there, and It was fun to look out and see everyone else dancing. Make sure if you hang out by the railing you keep your drink away from it otherwise you will have club security on you constantly asking you to back up or keep your drink back (for some reason they use real glass instead of plastic). Like most Vegas clubs, there are girls hired to dance on platforms, and they also have performers come out on stilts dressed in Renaissance style costumes modernized and done Vegas style;). Both the bathroom and bar are easily accessible, though you can expect to wait awhile to get a drink (only 2 bartenders). Prices are also higher than what I paid at other clubs ($19 for a vodka-Red Bull). The place was bumping from about 12-2:30, and then it started to clear out. We hung out until 3 or so and then went home. I would visit again as my experience seems to have been MUCH BETTER than others had. Remember, it is a relatively new club, and they are still working out the kinks!
1	What a disappointing and enraging experience! I was in Vegas for a bachelorette weekend o' fun and our group of ladies was given VIP passes to Haze (with the added enticement of seeing Katy Perry preform that night). I have done my share of clubbing in Vegas and know to expect to feel like a sardine in the more posh 'places to be', but even in those places, you are treated well by the staff. The staff at Haze were incredibly rude!My experience at the bar left me feeling abused and broke. It took the bartender 30 minutes to serve two $28 shots. When my friend went back to order 4 drinks (two vodka crans and two vodka tonics) the bartender poured and charged her for 8 drinks (4 of each). Upon correcting him the bartender called my friend a liar and refused to take back the drinks or own up to his mistake.Katy Perry went on nearly two hours late. It was fun to see her preform, but you can imagine my disappointment when she only sang two songs before bolting.The music was good, the layout was mediocre, and the staff ran the joint without common sense or good customer service skills (like intrusively wiping up a splash of a drink on the floor and revving the towel into our feet). Haze felt like a club that just opened and would fizzle out after the initial hype. I always go back to places where I am treated well, and not to places where customer service is forgotten and the institution expects clientele to feel grateful for maltreatment or privileged just for being let in.After Katy Perry's brief show, I took my business elsewhere and traded my heels for flip flops.Totally not worth it! Oh, and only old dudes can afford to get in - so be ready for some wrinkled hands trying to feel up your junk, ew.
1	We came here because we had free passes and were promised free drinks and heard Flo Rida was performing.   This was the most disappointing place we went to.  The place was not nearly as nice as it was from the outside.  Mainly was a dirty basement where people kept dropping drinks and glass dangerously resided on the floor.  The security people or whoever actually didn't give us our drink tickets that they were supposed to!!  Bad sign.The place was waaaaaay too crowded and we kept getting shoved around.  The crowd seemed a lot sleazier than the other places I'd seen and I hoped that Flo Rida would come more quickly so we didn't have to stick around there for too long.  Every once in awhile, we would think he'd be coming on, but instead they showed us creepy aliens in masks and bodysuits being weird.Unfortunately, an hour after he was supposed to show, there was no sign of him gracing our presence, so we ended up leaving.  Overall, very disappointing night.  Would never come back here.
2	I suggest you visit Haze while it's still fresh and milk all the celeb appearances you can! It was pretty awesome when me and my girls didn't have to pay cover when Katy Perry was in town, and I think it was $30 for guys. Entry was pretty quick and efficient. There was also constant entertainment going on inside such as stiltwalkers, fire eaters, and burlesque dancers which I thought was pretty neat and the DJs are pretty good. The only and biggest complaints I have are that it is so damn dark inside, there's no outdoor area, drinks are double shotted and double the price ($22 for 1 drink!), and the dance floor is obstructed by platforms (unless you like dancing on platforms) and we felt constantly pushed and shoved by people passing through. It's definitely a spot to check out for yourself but I wouldn't return on my next visit to Vegas or suggest it as an option. There's nothing that special about it unless your absolute favorite celeb is making an appearance.
1	1...Stupid long ass line!! We had "vip" passes, but was thrown into the same "general admission line" not ok cause i aint "general" kk!!?2...we sweet talked our way to the front of the line and realized once we got in, seating was LIMITED, drinks were STUPID expensive, and for every man was 10 girls!!! WAY TOO MANY FEMALES3... Music was LAME, decor was LAME4...went only cause we hurd John Ledgend was gona be there... he wasnt so we left...POINT IS... dont believe the hype! youd be better off somewhere else!
1	Since this is the latest club in the latest and trendiest hotel I expected a lot more.  I got there around 1 am (pretty late) so here was no line.  I went to ask the bounce how much it was going be to get in and he said it was $20 for ladies and $40 for guys.  Standard pricing for Vegas so i didn't mind.  When we got inside I was not impressed by the decor, or lack of.  I am used to clubs like Tao, XS, Rain and Tryst where there is a theme decor or a pool, or some sort of view of the strip.  This place looked like an underground shipping warehouse.  So far, not pleased.  I went to the bar and ordered 2 drinks that cost me $35.  Seriously?  All you have to do is pour Grey Goose into a shot glass and you're charging me $35????  That is way steep, even for Vegas.After we were there for about 20 minutes, Timbaland started performing on the tiny little stage they have in the middle of the dance floor.  OMG did that system SUCK?!?!  I guess the DJs use a different set of speakers than the performers do.  It was fine when the DJ was spinning but when Timbaland was performing the speakers sounded like they were blown (I'm in the audio/video industry, I know a crappy system when I hear it) and the amp on the sub was cranked up way too high.  If I was a performer there, I'd be insulted and walk off the stage.Usually I love live performances but honestly, the sound  system was so bad I couldn't wait for the performance to be over.  The DJ came back on and we headed out to the dance floor,  It is the size of my living room.  Sad. Do yourselves a favor folks.  Don't come here.  Vegas has so many better clubs this one,  Don't waste your time.  Go to XS.
3	Even though I only heard negative things about HAZE, we decided to check it out since we wanted to see the new City Center, and HAZE was the newest club in Vegas.Club being underground with no air was not a good thing especially with all the smoking that was going on inside.  My boyfriend said that they do it on purpose to make the club look "HAZY" har har he's so silly -_-The downstairs to upstairs transission was a little strange.  It felt a little disconnected since I felt like I was going outside of the club to go to the second floor, only to see the same exact thing... just on the 2nd floor.I agree with everyone that this club may not be worth going to since there are so many better clubs in LV like XS, Tryst, Tao, Vanity, Jet, etc. Even tho some of these places has been around for a while, they are still better than Haze.  It was $40 for guys to get in (it was $30 for guys @ XS this weekend) there was no line around 11pm (I am not complaining, but it's kind of sad to see a new club with no lines), and the venue was just A-OK.I do hate to be so critical just because this club is new at City Center.  They have to compete with clubs like XS which was a multi-billion project.  Honestly, this club wasn't THAT great, but it wasn't a disappointment either.  I had a great time and I am sure everyone else had a great time too.
1	For a new high end respectable casino such as Aria, I would think this club would knock my socks off.The place is boring, the interior decorations were super boring, and the club is small.  Smaller than jet at the Mirage.  Smaller than a non-Vegas club.  What is even worse, it doesn't have a patio or outside are to get a breathe of fresh air.  I was pretty disappointed in this club.  Their music was mostly fast, with hardly any top 40 or hip hop.  They played mostly remixes with a trance beat, or fast disco beat.  You can't dance to that stuff all night unless you are on drugs.  Save it for the after hours man!
1	I had a horrible experience with this night club. I reserved a table and bottle service for the night Drake was suppose to perform. I recieved 2 email confirmations and was also told I'd be taken care of once I arrived EARLY by one of the VIP managers all for them to tell me my table couldn't be accomdated for because they overbooked the tables. It happen to my party and a few other parties also. I've never been so disappointed with a nightclub before.
2	$40 cover for guys, $20 for girls.  Drinks are normal club prices.  This club reminds me of a 2 story Bank (at the Bellagio).  No air ventilation, filled with smoke and jackass bartenders makes me never want to go here again unless either TIESTO is spinning, or I get in for free.I'll stick with XS or try Vanity
2	5 stars for the hosting hotel (Aria), but Haze is underwhelming. The layout itself is pretty cool, but the music is SO wack. Sorry, Mister DJ(s), but music will make it or break it for a girl like me who loves to dance. So I got kind of bored here after like an hour.We went here twice in the same weekend, mainly because we were staying in Aria and Haze was brand new. The first night was actually pretty legit because we headed straight there after the drive from California, so got into the club around 2:00 or 3:00 a.m.? So by then, all the bouncers were off their high horses and we got hooked up with tons of free drinks and good times. Then we went the next night when Keri Hilson was slated to perform. Not as fun a time, too crowded, and WHO THE HECK plays GREEN DAY's "Time of Your Life" for people to dance to at a club?! Uh, NOT okay if you're trying to create a poppin' Vegas party. BTW, we never even got to see that beezy Keri perform because she was way lagging, and we were there that night until like 2:30 a.m.! By that time, I decided I'd rather sleep than wait for her to "knock us down." Long hair, no longer care. Come here after a long night at another club at around 3 or something when your night's winding down.
3	We got in for free including the guys because one of our guy friends was gambling enough (unfortunately losing...) at the Aria Craps table. We didn't go in until about 1:20 am and only stayed for 45 minutes or so because the guys weren't really feeling it...I thought the music was pretty good (Eminem's DJ) but too loud. My ears were seriously buzzing even while we were still in the club.Compared to the "free" drinks while gambling, the bottled beers were $10 and cocktails started at $14. My favorite part of the club was the Go-Go dancers costumes- they were dressed as angels with wings and other crazy mythical beings ;) I'd probably come back if I could get in for free again but this is not my favorite Vegas club (I'd rather be at Tryst or Tao!).
2	2.5 stars because even our guys got in free!  It was on a Sat night. We arrived at around 1045p. Went straight to the Invited guest line which was only about a 5 min wait. The lady checked our names and then gave us pink tickets. Went down the escalator and to the entrance with ticket in hand and off we go. 2 girls and 2 guys, 50/50 ratio and we got in for free without much of a wait! Awesome!As for the club itself...its alright. It is kinda like "jet" in that the layout doesnt really have a large dance floor. Stripper pole in the center and mainly a wide aisle around to dance. It was only about 11pm and alraedy it was super crowded! Its vegas...how could it be so crowded already?! Music was pretty good that night. Lots of bars, maybe 3. When you walk into club you have to take the stairs down to the dance floor otherwise you head up to the catwalk/upstairs area and see really how crowded the dance floor is!the only good thing about that whole evening there was the fact we got our guys in for free.Drinks were expensive as usual! $18 for a grey goose on the rocks. We asked for a cranberry chaser on the side. The crowd was mixed with average looking. I didn't like how crowded it was and how difficult it was to find a place to stand or even dance! Would I go again? Only if girls AND guys get in free and we pre party it up so we don't have to pay the ridiculous drink prices.
4	Being inside of Aria @ city center, I thought Haze was going to be HUGE. It wasn't as big as I thought it was going to be, but the lighting in the main room moves around & the video screens behind the dj booth are pretty cool. It's a lot longer than wider, if that makes sense. It's two floors, & when I went my first time last Friday the second floor wasn't open. I went again last night (Saturday) for my friends birthday & we had the chance to see The Dream performing from the second floor. He performed across from the dj stand, where the gogo dancers usually are. The drinks are expensive like any other club, so don't be surprised for paying $50+ for three mixed drinks. Oh! downstairs right by the women's restroom there's a window of two girls, one pretending to wash herself in a tub, & the other one is in a towel standing around looking pretty :DFrom what I heard Haze does most of their promos with celebrities on Thursdays & Saturdays, so if you don't want that huge crowd, go on Fridays! I think the club is nice & the organization is somewhat better than the other clubs, where you would get pushed around the ropes to talk to the door guys. The line for guest list was organized, but it still took a good hour for us to get in when we arrived there at 10pm.*UPDATE: once again, I went on a Saturday night when Gossip Girl Leighton Meester & Jenna Haze where there. That night the girls in the window & gogo dancers had a middle eastern theme. If you are on the guest list be there BEFORE midnight! Unless you know someone who is somewhat a "big deal" in Light Group that can walk you in, you won't be getting in right away. There were no guys with me this weekend so the ladies got in just fine.
1	It was only 10:45pm and the dance floor was packed... but the only reason for this is that the dance floor is super tiny... they made all these high rises in the middle of the dance floor that take up all the floor spacing... it sucks.The second floor is a bad idea cuz someone dropped a drink from the second floor ad the cup was glass... it almost hit my and my girlfriend.... that fool would have die if it it either of us.Drinks are $18 a shot and $20+ for mixed drinks.... =/Again... bring your printed out confirmation with you or they will stop you at the door and deny you... weird how they let ugly asss girls in to the club with or without guest list but stop the good looking ones...  =/    I guess this is out of the play book of TAO hahaha... fill the club with ugly and the bouncers start looking good hahaha!!!!
2	The music was great but I do not like the way this club is set up at all. For those of you who do not plan to get bottle service, I reccommend not coming here at all unless there's some special event. Most of the night was spent walking around and moving out of the way in every hallway. We did have fun dancing on the stage for a bit, but they were pretty strict here ususally at the other clubs we went to they let girls walk into vip areas and hang out if the seats were empty. Not this place. One thing that was cool were the girls wearing sequin jackets on the stage..moving every like 5 min.. very pretty and the girls behind a glass wearing extravagant outfits.. lots of hot girls in vegas!
1	If your idea of a fun night in Vegas is a crowded, unorganized, dark and dingy club, then Haze is for you!I was highly UNIMPRESSED with this nightclub inside of the newly opened Aria. Here are some bullet points:-Try looking around at the queue outside the club. Is it filled with all the rejects of the better clubs around? You bet. I saw a girl wearing a hankerchief top and jean shorts and somehow, SOMEHOW she was let in without cover. That would not fly at XS or PURE. Jesus. The bouncers have absolutely no standards in dress code.-This place is a horrendous maze. If you're not getting shoved out of a hallway you're climbing stairs to find a bar or a dancefloor. It's like the people who designed this place are making you work for your drunken night of debauchery. F**k that! I want to get drunk and dance in the fastest and most fun way possible.-Haze is crowded and not in a good way. This is a new club, so people have to be let in, but it's like they let in everyone and their ugly cousin. Gross. Don't get me wrong; I am no supermodel, but I know how to clean up and have at least moved beyond the trashy years of college Vegas trips. I don't think I've seen that much dimpled ass-cheek hanging out in my entire life. . The place was so packed with nasty that I spent half the time rubbing elbows with the unwanted and poorly groomed. Blech.Thank god we got free and VERY STRONG drinks and ditched this place. NEVER AGAIN HAZE. NEVER AGAIN.
1	** Come here if you want to experience what it feels like to be in a sardine can **PROS:- Good Music- Hot Go-Go DancersCONS:- Valet parking for hotel guest only- No cell phone reception at parts of Aria Hotel (AT&T), minimal reception at club.- Crowded, Long Lines- Expensive drinksMY EXPERIENCE:Tons of people were in line at 10p already.  I waited over 1 hour before I could get into the club.  Music was good, and the go-go dancers on stage were hot.  There is a stripper pole/stage in the middle of the dance floor and just not enough room to dance!  I tried to squeeze onto the dance floor but gave up after being stepped on my several high heels.Spent most of my night upstairs looking down at the crowded dance floor.  You can see how retarded the whole set up is.  Instead of one huge dance floor, the center stage for the go-go made the dancefloor into a hallway.  It's hard to squeeze in, imagine trying to come out.OVERALL:I guess the only positive point of my first and last visit to HAZE was that I saw Ciara.  This club was a total waste of my time.  Seriously, Don't bother coming.  Go to a real club like XS!
2	No. For a newly opened spot that is supposed to bring in some of the best DJs of our generation, this place does NOT deliver. I've been at house parties with bigger dance floors than this. Way too many people, way too many dudes pulling the-walk-of-shame, tugging through the crowd. Add to the mix the typical Vegas crowd. You know, the crowd that changes from Joe Somebody to James Bond perfection because it IS Vegas and alter egoes come out... So you got a tiny dance floor, overly priced booze, girls turned into strobe-light-honeys, boys "accidentally" touching you cause there's no space. And I would have bought that, except a touch may be an accident, but a pinch is clearly not. If you're gonna be smooth, be smart about it. So I called him on it and it was like watching an idiot read the first page of "Sleazebagging for dummies".Ok so look, if you just want the chance to dance, I'd say go for it, but go early. That dance floor loses it's space QUICK as the night quickly fills. It's a good spot for a trendy experience, I'll give it that. It's new, nice decor, sexy feel... But if you've got some claustrophobic issues such as myself, make your clubbing experience last at a less tighter joint.
3	I got in for free so that was a plus.  The club was smaller than I expected.  Being a new club inside a brand new casino hotel, I thought Haze would be nice but I was very disappointed.Heard Mariah Carey, Ciara, and Mayweather were there the same night we visited Haze... where???  I didn't see them and the place was small.They strategically place steps where you least expect it and I kept tripping over them.  Some faint lighting near the steps would help.I accidentally walked out the wrong door at midnight without a stamp and couldn't get back in... my fault.Good enough for 3 stars.
1	Sooooooo.... I finally came back into town after new years and I had to give my 2 cents on this place. Went with an even ratio group of 6 on Saturday night the day after new years with David Guetta performing. Add David Guetta and the night should be set right? Wrong, luckily we had tickets and a hookup to get right in. The place was really confusing and maze like once you are inside. The table situation was sold out obviously but I'm glad we passed since they were in awkward spots away from the action. The security will not leave you alone and asks you to keep moving when you are not in a spot to cause any harm, literally every step in the club you will be asked to move. The drink price, typical in LV, but the fact that the bartenders cannot admit that they are wrong with the order is another thing. Nobody had a drink yet so we knew what we were talking about. Good luck trying to get ahold of your lost friends because there is no reception with any carrier in this overhyped dungeon!  Go Wet Republic/Tao Beach, XS and Drais, still the best combo around.
1	This place in an afterthought....For such an amazing hotel it seems like they realized after they built the place that they needed to attract young Vegas.  The bar is small and the walkways even smaller.  You keep finding yourself ducking from the table service people or getting yelled at by the bouncers to get on the dance floor which by the way is smaller than most Vegas bathrooms.
3	Overall, it's a decent club and one of the newer ones in Vegas, and considering we were staying at Aria, it seemed logical to hit this place up.  I thought the music was awesome!  I didn't really go all over the club but it sort of reminded me of LAX.  This club pretty much looks like any other club and all of us had a blast here.  Not sure if I would go back though, clubs in Vegas need to be different from most clubs around the country and this one doesn't really feel very special or different.  The only places in Vegas I would go back or have gone back are Palms (killer views, have always gone back every time I'm in Vegas) and XS, since this is the only club besides Tao that really stand out as a unique venue.  Not sure how hot Tao is now, but the top of this club Tao Beach, has an amazing view and a nice environment to get shitfaced.
3	It's like The Bank but bigger.  Played hip/hop on a Saturday night. Mixed crowd. 3 stars just because it's a new LIGHTGROUP thing. 2 words: ridiculously crowded1 last thought: would I come back? maybe.
3	I am surprised at some of the other reviews on here. Came here on a Saturday night with a Bachelor party and got right in with a bunch of dudes, that's right 10 dudes got right in. And no, we did not have bottle service.Once inside it feels like any other club in Vegas, I would say that it was not that crowded unless you were on the dance floor. The club is square and the dance floor is right in the middle. There are upper levels but that is for special people only.A mixed drink here is $23 which is quite pricey, even for Vegas. Otherwise, the crowd was good, the energy was there, and being new, it is a great addition to the Vegas Club scene.
1	Hated this place.  Bad layout and weak/overpriced drinks. The only good thing is that the line moved fast.  If you are in Vegas you should go somewhere else.  Where exactly? It doesn't matter.  This is the worst Vegas club I have ever been too so anywhere else will be better.
3	We cruised in on a Thursday and it was banging. With all these reviews that I read beforehand, I kept my standards low and just rolled with the punches.The obvious downside: bad ventilation. Muggy beyond belief. I thought living in LA was bad; the air quality in here is just about 90% cigarette smoke.Drinks are unquestionably expensive. I highly suggest doing some pre-partying of your own. Warning, if you want to act like a big baller and buy girls drinks, you're better off taking that money and trying your luck on the tables. At least you might get something in return.By the end of the night, the club was packed like a can of sardines (rivals Pure/Tao type of crowdiness). There's no room to get your groove on the dance floor. Just hop into the wave and ride that sucka out. Keep your Justin Timberlake moves for another spot.Overall, it wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be especially if you have your own table/area.
4	We came on a Friday night. We got there before 10...we were on the guestlist but boys had to pay. I think we got in around 10:30 so it wasn't too bad. When I walked in, I have to admit, I wasn't blown away like I was with XS. But whatever. The many sets of stairs were confusing. Good thing I was always with someone who knew where to go :) What I liked about this place is that the dance floor wasn't super packed (like how it usually is at Tao where you can barely move) and that it wasn't hard to get drinks (like the packed bars at XS). I don't know how much the drinks cost tho =X. I had a lot of fun even though the music started to suck after 1:30 and that a beer bottle fell on my head. ON MY HEAD! I think someone knocked it over from the DJ Booth. The manager bought me out though by giving me free drinks passes. haha I was in Vegas for my birthday and did not want to be angry/unhappy so I let it go. :) Aside from that though, it was a much better Vegas clubbing experience compared to XS/Tao.
1	Las Vegas can be on the extremes at times with all of its glamour and luxury along with the back alley dirt on your dinner table; however, I've never been offended by Vegas until now.HAZE may be the newest nightclub in town, but it sure won't last very long when the mystery is revealed that there's absolutely nothing special about this club except for a bunch of bouncers in the front all of whom think they are just too good for you. HAZE is not owned by Aria but by the Light Group which runs all of MGM / Mirage property clubs including Jet and the club at Hard Rock. If you've ever been mistreated at those clubs, now you know why. First, it's competition like someone mentioned is XS, Tryst, TAO and many other clubs that have amazing features such as beaches and pools, lagoons and pillars towering high above with gorgeous views of the strip. They have elegant and impressive bars and table areas. They have huge dance floors in multiple places and interesting tidbits like the girls in the bathtubs at TAO or the dancers at the pole at Tryst. Unfortunately for HAZE, they don't seem to have any of these features except for a small stage which divides the already small dance floor that contains a pole. They boast about having special shows that no other clubs have, but it's nothing more than going to a strip club on a B-grade night where a bald, head shaven female will come out and perform for you while hundreds watch on and wonder why she has no hair and is made up to look so scary instead of sexy.This club is SMALL. It cannot hold many people and of all the people it does hold, its about 90% girls. No they will not go home with you nor will they party with you because they also have the same attitude as the bouncers in the front. Too. Good. For. You.If you are a guy and you are trying to get in to this club, please save yourself some time and heartache because you will not get in even if you grease the bouncer $100+. If you get a table, you will have to deal with the fact that there's literally no space for you to dance and the waitress seems to be always missing so you can't get any service after paying $300 for a bottle of alcohol you can get from Costco in a bigger size for $55+tax. Even if you have 10 girls and 1 guy, the guy will get redirected to another line that will not move, and will be dispersed by the bouncers saying they are at capacity for people so cannot let anymore people in (but then will usher in 10 girl groups).Despite the poor layout, poor design, poor air quality and extremely expensive drinks (mixed drinks for $20? are you kidding me? not even the Wynn has these kinds of prices for a Vodka and Pineapple), HAZE tries to limit to zero the number of guys going into the club.Lets step back for a second. If the girls get in free, and guys buy girls drinks, and guys are in the club to find girls and are willing to pay to find and buy these girls drinks ... aren't guys the STAPLE of the Las Vegas clubbing scene? So why is it that every other club has this figured out already except for the newest supposedly "hippest" club in town?Regardless, being a hotel guest I expected to have no problems getting in with the bf. We waited in line, like normal people would. We had VIP passes from our stay at Aria. We did not bitch, moan, complain or make a scene. Somehow, we were still separated after 45 minutes of waiting in line only to say that I could get in free but he would have to stay behind and wait in a line that may or may not get in at all. And when I tried to find someone to explain the situation where we were guests of the hotel, had waited for a long time, had VIP passes and there's no reason for me to be in a club by myself while he's out there waiting ... the main floor manager Mike cussed at me, shoved me physically and told me I had to get in or get out while completely being RUDE and did not listen to ANYTHING I had said. I understand Vegas is different, I understand guys have to pay more than girls, I understand they are trying to keep the girl to guy ratio high. What I don't understand is why someone has to be RUDE and use INAPPROPRIATE language in front of me when I have not done anything except ask if he could give me a minute so I could explain how I was frustrated at the situation. There's NO reason for him to put his hands on me, there is NO reason for him to be rude. Please take your business elsewhere. HAZE is not worth your time, their attitude is not worth you having to put up with it, and you will have a far better time at XS or TAO once you find out that HAZE is nothing more than smoke and mirrors located in a dingy basement with some lighting, overpriced drinks, and no room at all to move.
1	Haze, how you disappoint me.  I wanted to like you and enjoy my experience with you.. drinking and dancing the night away, however there was none of that.  First of all, I hate when you separate the girls into one line and the guys into another line.  Of course you will let us in first and the guys are left in the other line waiting for 2 hours with a  complimentary pass from the hotel that's only good until 12 am.  Of course your bouncers will make them wait in line until it is after 12 am.  and of course your bouncers will go up to every person in that line and ask them, " if you want... i get you in as VIP guests.  just name a price, and i'll tell you if its high or low"  WTF?  The bouncer asked everyone in the line this.. obviously tipping him to get in.  I personally would of said $0!!  So what if someone said $1000?  would the bouncer of said that $1000 is too high?  haha The the only thing i like about the interior is the huge chandeliers!!  The dance floor is minuscule  and the dancers  looked like a huge school of fish that just got caught in a net!  It was kinda sad... i basically saw people shoving each other, not dancing.  =T  As if that wasn't bad enough, there's a room with a  glass window and two belly dancers behind it.  They were literally taking dollar bills and flapping them around in peoples faces as they walked by for tips.  it was really pathetic and i felt kinda bad for them.  Basically whenever a guy would pass by, they would start shimmeying and moving their hips very rapidly, then pick up the dollar bill and SHOW them how to put the money through the glass for them to tip. haha.  now if thats not desperate, i dont know what is!  I guess they truly work off their tips or something.  kinda sucks.  they should work else where!  FYI, there are A LOT of guys inside, and barely any girls.  If I could give this establishment 0 stars i just might.  sorry haze but you were a huge disappointment !!
1	You know what, if it was only possible not to give this club a star, I wouldn't freakn even give it half a star!! Worst club I've ever been to. We went here the first night we got to vegas for my sister's bachelorette party. We got in free because they were basically letting everyone in for Free, even guys!! I think that just goes to show  how desperate they are to compete with club XS..moving along...got in... the place is 2 floors, but the dance floor is soo small! We danced and tried to make the best of it until they freakn dropped the bomb....at least two bouncers/promoters  approached my group of girls and told us that they will take us to a  special VIP area..so we thought "oh they're giving us a table", wrong!! they took us to this one guy's table! the bouncer talked to the owner of the vip table and automatically we knew what the hell was going on!! Just got me so fkn annoyed that they are treating a group of girls like freakn prostitutes! we are not for  sale a holes!! we walked out of that club pissed as hell. They make girls feel cheap and worth less. Im sure this did not just happen to us! terrible terrible!! They were desperately trying to please all the male Vip tables. pathetic! XS will always be #1!! never again!! i hope this club closes down! beware of this club! What they are doing is very demeaning towards women! F this club! excuse my french! =)FORGOT TO MENTION...DRINKS IN THIS CLUB WILL COST YOU AN ARM AND A LEG! ONE TOKYO TEA= $17.00 ( NOT INCLUDING TIP) HAHA OMG IM JUST SPEECHLESS!
3	My friends and I were ready to party, and decided to hit up Haze, just inside the new Aria/City Center. With the VIP passes in hand, we lined up and waited about 15 minutes before entering. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T64FH66qs4EN0d0ds2f5fw?select=AUKfTd2nLQcqk8Mn1hqc4g  I was impressed at how orderly the lines were, as the ropes separated the lines for the Girls, Guys, and VIPs or Bottle Service. There were bouncers, who answered questions and directed people where they should stand.So, we have been the first to enter, but didn't mind since we scoped out a place to get situated as we opted out of the bottle service. Check out the tables with the bottle service http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T64FH66qs4EN0d0ds2f5fw?select=HuQqKeF5rkkcSQ-JpftF-g  Club wasn't as big as I expected with two floors, with the smallish dance area on the first floor.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T64FH66qs4EN0d0ds2f5fw?select=Ok_8epfJHBDz0ZLOOP0VmQMusic was decent, with a mix of hip hop, r&b, etc., and my friends and I busted a groove. It eventually did get super packed and hot, so Li and I decided to mosey over to the downstairs bar area. There we hung out with our friends, and proceeded to even make new ones who were kind enough to buy us drinks :0  From what I recall, the wait for a drink was never longer than 5 minutes. Bathrooms are clean and has all the girly necessities (hair spray, mints, etc.,) and thankfully, there was never a long line. Haze is a cool club, and the week before Leighton Meester made an appearance, and the day after I hit up Haze, Common was appearing. Duoh, talk about bad timing. Fail! Oh well, whatcha gonna do?Anywho, I had a blast with my friends (old and new) and stayed out partying til 4am. I recommend getting the VIP passes and lining up early. The fellas should be prepared to pay the cover. As with most LV bars and clubs, drinks are not cheap. However, you might be lucky (like a few people I know) to not have to drop any cashola for one drink the entire evening.  Cheers and party on til the break of dawn!
3	I didnt have that bad of an experience here and I was actually shocked to see so many people have. We were leaving Aria when a woman in the lobby gave us a "General Admission" pass. We decided to check it out. We were probably the 6th group in line (we were 2 girls and a guy). As the line started forming the groups of girls who dont want to wait in line like normal people of course start forming one of there own to the side. Typical of any party scene aka Miami. I dont mind, I used to be one of them! lolIn any case, they start letting in the VIP people while were stuck in the general line for a while when one of the bouncers points to me and my other gal friend and says "two?" we say no and point to her fiance aka my brother. To our surpise, he pulls us out of the line in front of everyone else and let us right in. We didnt even have to pay! So not typical if you have a male alongside in Vegas. Seemed like a great start. The club itself was pretty, but not the best i've seen or experienced. The dance floor quite small but the music was pretty good. The cost of drinks however was ridiculous. 3 shots for $48? Maybe because theyre newer they think they can charge more. I've been to other clubs in Vegas and they dont charge that much!The experience overall was cool...mostly because being pretty managed to get me, my bro, and his fiance in. Guess i've still got it!
1	Ok, just to make it clear, I'm completely aware of how clubs in Vegas work, get bottle service, arrive early if you dont want bottle service, dress for Vegas, find a promoter, dont take your shoes off (do people really need to be told this?), be nice to bouncers, dont start a fight, dont get too drunk, oh.. and shake it like you're getting your booty amputated the next day. Disorganized - no line control, angry angry little promoters running around yelling at girls. Creeps - everywhere, just maneuvering through the PACKED dance floor dudes would rub their filthy hands up and down your body. Too packed to turn and bitch-slap the losers. Not once, but TWICE did some creeps literally walk up to me and try to lift up my dress. I was so shocked the first time he got about two inches up before I smacked his hand. Which brings me to another point, Ok, so the bouncers will YELL at you if you are not in motion or waiting in line "Move it along!" but they allow their guests to be accosted by drunk freaks? The bouncers are EVERYWHERE with their flashlights too! Lame sauce. Crowded - NO ROOM on the dance floor. No room to dance, no room to booty shake, way too many people. Which makes no sense when you think that they want to make money, how can you buy drinks when it's 20 people deep and there is TWO bartenders? Yes they make their $$ with bottle service and the entry fee for dudes, but once you are in you are stuck, stuck to the sticky floor, to the sticky people, to the sticky everything. bleh Ambiance - interesting. at one point there was a burlesque-ish show with super hot, tattooed, shaved head ladies, slow motion grinding to music. interesting. HOWEVER, every 5 minutes they turn on the strobe lights to FULL FORCE, I had to cover my eyes each time to avoid a seizure. I'm surprised I haven't heard of this happening there yet. If anything they made you very disoriented and panicked. Music is so loud it vibrated my chest, I don't mind loud, but when it feels like my organs are disintegrating it's no fun. Timing - we were there early for Vegas standards, 11pm, and by that time it was super packed, I'd hate to be there at 1:00am, do they just start packing people on top of one another at that point? The Good - ladies got in free, but is that so special? no, not really. Um, what else, nope... that's it.
1	Actually Zero stars for Zero customer service and for the knobs at the check in table who completely ignored me when I went to ask a few questions about the club.The guys in front of me even pointed me out to one of the employees and I know I made eye contact with the other one. Neither one even acknowledged my presence and went to talk to the person after me. I guess I am just not cool enough for Haze.  Oh well...Their loss...plenty of other places to spend my money in Vegas!
3	I visited Haze the week of the Restaurant and NightLife Convention. It's a really big club with lots of room, almost as if it's a maze..But, Very slow bartenders... Oh, and their Grey Goose 1 liter cost more than XS... what's up with that?
2	I went there again to give it another go. This time, no big difference other than we got a table and I got to talk to one of the bar backs and I asked him why they always seemed like they were running around like crazy. He explained that: "THEY WEREN'T ALLOWED TO WALK. THEY HAD TO RUN!!!" Can you believe that shit!!!??!!!! No wonder they don't give a shit if you're in their way...They will run you over with their lemons, lime, and ice bucket.Ohh...and their dancefloor is insanely crowded. I mean, most dancefloors are crowded but...for some reason this was extremely hard to dance/walk in...I think cuz it's in such a small enclosed area.AND another thing -- there's little or no cell phone reception in there! If you lose someone, consider yourself fucked. HA.
3	For the positives, excellent music, good looking crowd, music performances, and all kinds of A-listers. For the negatives, parking at the hotel, valet sucks and its slow, this place is one big line from the time you stand in line to the time you attempt a 2 step. Just wasnt wowed. I gave it a 3 because maybe I'm old and I need to hang it up, because i really wanted to give it a 2.
1	$40 for admission for guys.  Girls have their own line and get into the club with a 5-10 minuteExpensive drinks. Small dance floor.Guys waited nearly 2-3 hours and we got their at 1030pm.Just stick with XS at Encore
2	Our group was split up: five guys in GA line, four girls in VIP line.The four of us girls got in with another group of fifteen girls within 15 minutes of waiting in line, otherwise we would've probably never made it in cause the line snaked around inside Aria. Dance floor: First floor. Small and super hard to maneuver. Music/DJ: good, especially when Common showed up at around 2AM to celebrate his birthday! Whoop!Drinks: EXTREMELY steep. Really? $12/LC shot?!Bar: Second floor. Disorganized.OH! The trick is to stand in the middle of the bar. Don't stand to the side, don't stand behind someone, STAND IN THE MIDDLE! Haze, just because your new does not give you the right to charge ridiculous amounts, especially since you've lost all your earnings on those darned penny slots.And I did not appreciate almost, always getting plowed over by the bar backs with ice buckets, eek! AND thanks for making our five (by the end of the night, four) guys wait in line until we walked out of the club at 3AM. Yeah, thanks. One got kicked out of line cause his pants were too baggy and the other four just lucked out waiting in line. FOR. EVER. Yeah, thanks.
4	This club isn't as bad as some of the reviews its been getting.  Yeah the drinks are almost $20 a pop but that's almost at any club in Vegas.  Bottom line is, if you are going to complain about cover charge or drink prices, then maybe you should save your money and hit up the Arcades at Circus Circus. We had bottle service and for the most part the staff was helpful and friendly. However, every place always has to have a douche trying to ruin a good time. In our case, it was the self glorified moron handling the table reservations. Keep in mind we made these reservations a week ago for 2 bottles. So as we roll up this douche has the nerve to tell us we can't go in because there's a 4 bottle minimum. Long story short, after putting our foot down and getting in the dudes grill he finally gave in after 5 minutes of arguing. Pros: Good MusicGood looking ladies (at least this particular night)Friendly/helpful staff (other than the douche at the front)Cool bouncer keeping troublemakers out of our tableCons: Disorganized lines (complete chaos to get in the club)Small locationSuper packed dance floorAll in all, the club is fun. Had a great time. Its Vegas people! If you're not going to slip the door man a benjamin to get to the front of the line or get a table... then do your homework and get there early to make sure you get in. If not, please don't complain about waiting in line.
3	I read reviews before going and my impression was that it was going to be tiny and cramped. The dance floor is not huge, but it wasn't as packed as other clubs tend to get (ie TAO!). This may be because it isn't as popular yet, but whatever the reason is, I was glad to have as much of my personal space as was possible. My gripes: the speakers were vibrating. The whole wall on the far side are speakers and if you stand anywhere along the wall you are definitely destroying your auditory hair cells and probably causing permanent hearing loss. The vibrations of the speakers were so strong they could literally push me away from the wall. Other gripe - there's nowhere really to go. No patio, no fresh air. The up-side: We all got in free! All of our  8 girls and 8 guys - all free. Free is always good in Vegas. Plus the girls each got one drink ticket. going anywhere with a lot of guys is always difficult, so they get their 3 stars for making it painless for us all to get in.
3	I thought this place was gonna be off the hook since it's one of the newest clubs and it's inside Aria, which is an amazing hotel.  The club itself is nice but not all glam like XS.  It's an average size club, not huge but not small either.  They've got good looking go-go dancers and girls dressed in costume behind glass in themed rooms.  Apparently, the themes change often.  The night we went, the theme was retro-candy or something along those lines.  The girls were holding these life-size lollipops and had big pink cotton candy looking wigs.  There's also cirque du soleil-like performers that come out.  They are an epic addition. Biggest downside was that it was a total sausage-fest.  Probably 80% dudes in here.  And according to other friends, it was like that when they went too.  There was a super long line to get in but it wasn't even that crowded inside.  Although a few of the doormen were actually really nice.  A rarity at big Vegas clubs.  It wasn't dead but it wasn't packed to the ceiling either but I actually like that.  Drinks are insanely expensive.  A vodka redbull was $18.  At least it was easy to get a drink at the bar though.  I did like the music too, hip hop, top-40, and some 80s rock classic.  I liked that they have these raised platforms for the girls to dance on so we don't have to deal with getting groped by guys.  Although the guys stand at the bottom of the platform and stare up at the chicks like they're doing the make it rain dance...annoying and creepy.    Overall, I'd go here again if everyone else wanted to but I definitely wouldn't want to pay.
4	this place is definitely a hot spot...we went here when common performed on his birthday in 2010, it was off the hook.  i can understand a lot of the reviews about it being crowded.  if you're going to try to walk through the dance floor after 11 o'clock...bring a machete with you, and good luck, it's a jungle out there...i'm talking crazy packed...walk in there with a full drink in hand, and you'll walk out with your hand if you're lucky.  the sound system is like no other...you feel every bass line as if the beat was coming from within your chest, the highs come through so crisp and so clean...i'm an audiophile, so i love those things.you can go there with a button up and jeans, but everyone truly dresses to impress, and you will be impressed.here's why i gave it a four:i would've given it three stars if we didn't go for bottle service, our experience would've probably been more claustrophobic, and possibly break the bank (drinks are around $19) if we didn't go for the bottles...if you can afford it, or are going with a large group with some bucks to spend, or just want to go all out in vegas, go for it, you'll have bottles and bottles to spare, you won't have to deal with a crowd, but your area/location within the club will still be a hit...and you'll get a cozy little booth...you won't regret it.i would've given it a five if we had as much fun as we did without spending as much as we did...however, you'll have fun no matter what you do, or what kind of music you're into...they might as well name the club "crack"...because it's dope.but yea, couldn't give it a three, nor a five...you do the math.
3	Ehhhh! I thought this place was going to be sick as fuck being the newest club! But I felt it wasn't up to the Las Vegas level. Don't get me wrong, I had a blast here...it just felt like I was raging at Stingaree in San Diego haha! The line to get in was massive. Like wall to wall people. My group had V.I.P passes so we just rolled on in, but if you had to wait in that line, man that would suck. The layout of the club was really complex. There are multiple levels and hidden rooms. The VIP bottle service was off the hook. Music was crackin. Snoop Dogg performed which basically took it to a whole another level. But I come to Vegas to sin and be ridiculous, not be in a HAZE.
1	promoter said all of our party would get in for free, if we got there before 10. when we arrived before 10, he tells us, girls are free, guys have "discounted" cover. fine. girls got in for free, but guys ended up paying more for cover than the promoter led on. shady deals. but since we all got in, we were ok with it. btw, the club doesn't open til 10:30. so if you get there before 10, don't expect the line to move until about 11.drinks are average vegas prices. don't really remember anything outstanding about the club itself as far as decor or design. turns out snoop dogg was supposed to make an appearance there that night... sorry to say, but the ghetto crowd showed up. by ghetto, i mean no respect for others or personal space, cutting in lines to get to the bar, pushing to get to the bar... just no common courtesy. definitely made it a bad club experience. the place was also too crowded. would definitely not return to HAZE because of shady promoters, bad crowd, and guys having to pay pricey cover that's not worth it. would rather take our $ elsewhere and spend more on a better club.
1	haze nightclub does not feel like a vegas style club at all! the layout of the club is pretty bad and it hard to get around the club without walking through a sea of people. the dance floor is a big mess since they have these giant stage platforms out there for the girls to dance on.. but it kind of limits the space for everyone else who wants to dance. the night that we went timbo the king was there and it still wasn't too hard to get in. i guess that was a plus and the line does move fairly fast. if you have some other club options to check out.. i would recommend going to those first. there are a lot better options for clubs than haze. we wanted to check out the new spot in vegas and we left pretty disappointed!
3	This club is named HAZE for a reason. Can't take photos without it being blurry. It was quite easy to get in and there were no hassle. The club has two floors, but it was quite small. There were girls dancing on the pole and during the time I was there, there was a guy dressed up from head to toe in a polka dot costume and he had a big butt and belly. When he showed up, everyone started taking pictures because it was so strange. I don't know if that was part of the act or what..I still don't know. A good thing was that the girls got one drink pass so our drinks were FREE. YEAH!
1	If every club in Vegas threw up and mixed it all together you would have Haze. Service was bad, we had a table and there was no control of people who were not with us messing with it. Its over crowded, and good luck with the cluster f*** of a line/entrance set up they have out front, they will make you wait in like 3 lines even though you have paid $1000 for a table and bottles then by the time you get in they have sold your table right out from under you, its a joke!! Go to Tao or Xs instead and you will get treated like they actually want you there! Also STAY AWAY FROM LIGHT GROUP!!! They own and run Haze, Gold, Deuce, Jet, The Bank, Bare, Liquid, Etc they are a bunch of evil terrible people who have to have been sent to this earth by satan himself!
3	Love the location of Haze in the Aria.  Definately worth VIP access.  It's the only way to go in Vegas:) Dance floor is pretty nice when a great DJ!  The club is pretty big with two levels.
1	Friday morning I called in to put my group of mostly girls and some guys onto their guestlist (20 girls and 10 guys). The girl that picks up is very mean and snobby, because she's probably too cool to be putting people on guest lists or something. Failure #1Friday night we get in line where their promoters tell us to stand and wait for 30 min. The lady promoter barely looks through her guest list and tells me I'm not on the guest list. Failure #2But she tells me they're going to help us out and get the girls in for free and guys pay cover of $20. Redemption #1We get down the escalator and the bouncers/promoters tell us our ratio is not good enough, when clearly, upstairs they told us it would be fine since we had enough girls. (at this point we only had 6 girls and 4 guys or something and were still waiting on other girls) Failure #3My other girlfriends meet up with us. At this point we have 15 girls, 4 guys. Another bouncer lets us into this special line that is an outgrowth of the bigger mess of a line. By the time we get to the front of the line, another bouncer tells us that we ALL have to pay. Guys and Girls. $40. Each. Um, sorry? Who do you think you are? Way to start your business as a new club huh. Failure #4We end up using our comp passes (because Aria messed up our rooms and the promoter lady upstairs "didn't find us on the glist"). We get in and realize the layout is basically like LAX in Luxor...but less room to dance because they're so money hungry they have bottle service tables everywhere. Failure #5Did I mention that a Jaeger bomb was $18? And bartender girl didn't even give us a whole can of Red Bull for 2 bombs? Failure #6
1	Being that this is a club in the newly opened Aria in the City Center in Las Vegas, it did not live up to my expectations.  Outside of the club is nice (standing in line to get inside), but once you're inside it reminded me of Club NV in San Francisco.  The look of the club is not upscale & the lighting above the dance floor is outdated.The only good thing about that night was Katy Perry was hosting that night & performed.If you're looking for a nice, upscale club I suggest going to XS at the Encore.
3	I think this club had the most interesting entertainment that I have ever seen. Cirque du Soleil type acrobatics and live people inside a viewing booth (very Gaga-esque). The girls and I skipped the line and got in for free; the guys followed suit soon after though they had to pay a cover.Despite all the other entertainment I felt like I had to keep leaving the dance floor because it got too crowded and I was about to suffocate. Drinks were super expensive and I ended up wishing I were XS instead. For a new nightclub, I'm surprised they didn't make the space larger or put a twist on the club.
2	If I wanted to go to a rave, I would've went to a rave!I am definitely not a fan. I didn't like how small it was, the music or the crowd. The only reason why we even went was so we could pregame before we went to XS. The bartender was rude-- we had drink tickets and she wouldn't give us a chaser to go with our drinks? WTHeck lady?! Sorry Haze was not all that and I probably won't be back unless it was strictly for open bar!
3	First time to Haze last week and I can't complain, it was a work event and everything was free, from entrance and the drinks, so that alone gives me some biased perspective on the place.I do have to say that security was extremely laxed, this event required you bring out a print out of your ticket, but when getting to the door, nobody asked, nobody seemed to care and further more didnt bother to check ID's, there were some youngsters in there.This club is quite a maze with the upper and lower floors, including some closed off private areas we werent able to explore, I have to commend the owners of this establishment for having a sound system designed by Avalon Sound,  utilizing the EAW system really brings the quality of sound onto another level. Im a technofile and sound is the most important thing, you can have as many go go dancers as you like, but without a clean system, you are ruined. The DJ of the night was playing all the random mash up hits catered to a "white collared crowd", so I cant discount them for that, I'll go out when there's someone I  specifically want to hear play, we were out to have fun and meet up with fellow industry peeps. Other than the drinks being watered down, I cant imagine out of pocket what it would cost to throw a night there or just for a night on the town. The plus side is that this venue is relatively new, so far now it's still very clean, too ;)
1	we avoided fri cuz david guetta was there and nobody was gettin in free, they were charging $75 a person, and some idiots were even paying the fee just to get in! so we bounced to another spot.after getting into clubs for free fri and sat (tryst, xs, eve) cuz it was my b-day and we're all ladies! sat night we walk up ask the door-idiot how much to get in:"$20 per person""but its her birthday does she at least get in free?"door-idiot smiles like a jackass, looks at me and goes, "$20 per person"me and the girls turned around and walked...for that, you gets no love! i'll never go back unless its free and drai's suddenly shuts down...we were even staying at Vdara and the concierge couldn't even hook it up...geeze people have a heart...
3	The club itself was so-so, it looked more like a mosh pit than a proper Vegas club/Lounge. It was just ok. However, I went Friday night and Guetta was the DJ. He was AMAZING, he came on and took complete control of the stage, audience, and the club. It was easily worth $75 for tix. I had maybe 3 drinks the whole night but was so blown away by Guetta it didn't matter. The club gets 3 Stars, Guetta gets 7.
4	Despite all the bad and moderate reviews on here, I'm going to have to disagree and rate HAZE at a solid 4 stars. This may have something to do with the fact that my party had been drinking Jameson and Cokes all day, but we had a helluva time. VIP guest passes were cool considering the fact that we were a group of about 10 guys, I do highly suggest getting there early around 9:30 or sooner just to have a nice and solid spot in line. Literally the line expanded to over 200 people after we got our spot in a matter of 15-20 minutes. The layout of the club is a bit like LAX in Luxor but still fun nonetheless. Drinks are pricey but one shouldnt expect to be paying too little for a drink, especially if you are interested in the club scene. One HUGE plus is the DJ, I have no idea which DJ it was but he tore the night up with old school jams mixing them with new age beats. Excellent crowd-pleaser music.
2	This place HAS so much potential but has a  Poor layout & very small dance floor...not to mention BAD ventilation. Music is hit or miss, but when it's good it's REALLY good. ALSO, who told them it was cool to charge 15+ for a cocktail? (bottom shelf mind you!) that's more than the swankiest clubs in Vegas.The only way I will continue to frequent this place is with free guest list and drinks, prefferably before the crowd arrives and it gets all sweaty..lol
3	Nothing to grand about Haze. After hearing so much hype about this new venue my girls and I had to check it out. Luckily we found a promoter who put us on his guestlist for free entrance.  Check in time was suppose to be 9:30 but we didnt show until 12:30! The promoter was very nice about our tardiness and we managed to get in the door within 5 mins!If you are in the mood to dance, good luck finding a place on their SMALL, COMPACT, and SWEATY dancefloor!! The dancefloor is located in the middle of the venue and well there is nothing grand about it! We chose to dance in the aisle between the bar and standing area. The layout I agree is like LAX but smaller!However the DJ was awesome! He played 80s music, top hits and house. He mixed it up which was nice. Would I go back? Perhaps just for free drinks for ladies! LOL other than that NO!
5	Very big venue and if you get hooked up with VIP you get in pretty quick! Luckily the two ladies that I came with, as well as myself, were invited to sit in the elevated VIP area where we received a free bottle of Grey Goose with unlimited mixers and our own private waitress/go-go dancer. They definitely know how to serve up some quality service here at Haze! This place has two floors with the top floor only being an outline so you can view whats going on on the dancefloor from up top. The bar is pricey like anything else along the Vegas strip but they serve you quickly and the drinks are great! It gets VERY crowded in Haze so no matter where you stand expect to be shoved, groped or stared at. The dancefloor has two black boxes for 6-8 ladies to dance atop and that was pretty fun. There were also performers during the night that were separate from the go-go dancers. They had strippers in decked out Vegas showgirl costumes doing all sorts of neat tricks on the pole so I liked that. Common was performing that night as well so he definitely got the crowd going with his rap skills [: I would definitely return to Haze it's a great club and the music was awesome!
4	The service to get into this place if you're just a regular Joe Schmoe (AKA me) is positively horrendous. We had 3 guys and 3 girls, not to mention we were staying at Aria in a sky suite. We called the hotel's front desk to secure our names on the guest list for the club and they were very easy to work with, but didn't give us anyone's name in particular, so you can imagine our surprise when we got to the line, which had NO ONE in it, and were told we needed to be on a specific person's list. This was after I had to go downstairs towards the club and try to talk to some of the promoters and club employees who had no idea where the line was supposed to start and where we should wait even though we were hotel guests staying in a suite.We waited for what may have been almost 3 hours, during which time they let in over 100 women to stock the club, which makes perfect sense from a business standpoint, but don't make guests of the hotel wait longer than everyone else. There were even guys who weren't getting bottle service walking in with the girls in the girls line and the promoters just let them walk on through, but held us back without letting us know any ETA as to when we'd be able to get in. With that said, Haze automatically lost 4 stars for what we endured trying to get in. On a good note, once we were in, we were very pleased with the decor. They totally ripped off the Standard hotel on Sunset in Hollywood by having a few women standing still in exotic costumes and make up behind a class case in a makeshift environment, but it's still oddly unique and cool. The way the dance floor works is super cool as it's a pretty solid size and there's multiple podiums for the girls to dance on; sorry guys, we're not allowed up there with them. There were a few obnoxious guys and girls trying to push my friends and I out of the area we were dancing in, but we fought back and won our rightful spots.The drinks were overpriced at $15 or so each for well level liquor, but that's expected in Vegas and particularly in one of their newest hotels, Aria. We had a guest appearance from the lead singer of the All-American Rejects, which was a bit random, as his band's music style differs quite a bit from the club mixes being played by the DJ at the club, but still cool regardless. Thankfully, to repay us for dropping big money on drinks, some guy was making it rain with dollar bills.One of the oddest things I've seen in Vegas to date however had to be the live performance art Geisha dancers in the middle of the DJ's set. The music just came to a stop and soft fluttering music came about where a man dressed as a Geisha and 2 women came out dressed in Oriental garb. They did their thing for about 15 minutes and then disappeared and the DJ went back to doing his thing.So here's what to know about this place. Getting in is a huge pain in the ass (not sure if it's super easy with bottle service, but it usually is at most clubs). If you're not looking to do bottle service, but still want to have a good time, I'd recommend checking it out and just standing in the general entry line directly in front of the entrance down the escalators. Start lining up around 9:30 PM or so and you should be good. Keep in mind doors don't open until 11PM I believe.Once you're inside though, it's all about the good times.
4	Absolutely loved this night club. I've been to a couple in Vegas, and this place was really fun - atmosphere was wonderful, music was great and it was all about fun w/ my gal pals! My girlfriends and I were supposed to go to HAZE on a Friday night, but apparently the place got sold out b/c of some event they were holding there. We ended up getting on the list on a Saturday night, and got in no problem. Our promoter even gave us 2 passes for the guys we were with. Unfortunately, the guys had a really hard time getting in and couldn't even get in after standing in line forever. Long story short - the guys and their girls left and went somewhere else. On the upside, if you are a girl, you won't have a hard time getting in at all. There were 6 gals and 2 guys, and the gals had no problem getting in at all. So - if you are a girl and you are on a promoter's list, you will not have a problem getting in. However, if you are a guy, you're probably going to have a harder time getting in.When you get in, the decor is quite nice, however, the dance floor is small and you are constantly pushing in to other people. The music on the other hand was great and I didn't have a hard time having a blast with my girlfriends. On another plus side, I loved the crique type performances and the go-go dancers outfits are so cute!!!!!!!!!! I loved them!!!!!Drink prices are outrageous - $10 for a beer? C'mon! And more than $14 for hard alcohol? I don't know if the economy being in its current condition has an effect on inflation of prices for alcohol, but I thought the prices were pretty high.I'd recommend this place if you were on a list - so if you know a promoter - get on the list!!!! The major downfall of this place is they are way too focused on getting girls in the club - the ratio for girls to guys sucks. Way more girls then guys @ this club.
2	The lighting is great.  Sound is great.  But its tooooooooooooooo friggen hot.  Miserably hot.   The thing that destroyed it for us was their stupid glass water bottles which we were afraid to drop, which i did drop and break.  Maybe they'll learn a lesson.  And the smokers.  Oh ... you smokers and your unbelievably offensive smoke.  We live in California where I havent seen or heard of a person smoking in nearly 7 years.  Here, we couldnt get away from smoke being blown right in our face from numerous directions.  Headaches abounded.   And a bunch of 21 year olds shoving into eachother on the dance floor.  Girls who think a packed dance floor is the place for them to take up 6 square feet to do their "moves" end up slamming into those on the edges, who then get pissed, and various fights almost start.  Annoying.  Hot young chicks dancing on the pedestal, and brilliant vibrant lighting, but its just too small, and too ... damn .... hot.  Sweaty hot.  Smelled like body juice hot.  Its a cool small place I guess.  But you will have a better time at XS.
3	For the amount of people who line up to get into this club, it is really overrated. We had bottle service and were let in fairly quickly and service was good. Inside the club, it does feel very may I say glamorous. As you can see from pics uploaded for this place owner has invested some money to make this place feel NICE. However that's where good parts end. For amount of money they charge to get in (front of the line pass is $60 or 1.5 hr wait) it better be happening in there. DJ was playing tunes that we get to hear on the radio all the time. There was nothing special in terms of music. May be one should go here for specials only. I went in with lot of excitement and came back with disappointment. From now on I will stick to regular clubs in SD/LA.
4	One of the cooler clubs I've ever been in, this place has ample dance room space, multi level and state of the art hydraulic lit truss system which makes it an ever changing atmosphere. They had like 4 techs behind the DJ making everything move. The music is was a good mix, I don't know who was spinning, but they kept the mood cool and loud. There was also a guest singer, Nick Hexum, was singing and rapping.Great mix of people (I went on Thursday night).Pricey bottle service, but if you mingle with the right people you'd be ok. And the staff are attentive and very courteous. I'd go back if I had a carton of redbulls.Definitely a must see. Enjoy!
4	I was wondering if Haze was going to be a waste of our time, according to all the reviews on here, but we went and had a good time!!We had a host to get us in for free, so we arrived early (10:30) and were able to get in pretty quickly after a short wait. We walked in when the club was still empty - the set up reminds me of The Bank, with the two levels and big chandeliers. The layout is a bit confusing, it doesn't seem very logical or easy to get up or down the stairs. But, the music was fun, and they played videos on the big screens behind the DJ booth, and had an amazing lighting and sound system. The go go dancers were AMAZING! Best ones I have seen in Vegas. Great outfits and they had a good presence. They also switched them out throughout the night which was a nice change.Drinks were in line with what you should expect, we ordered blueberry collins which ran us about $12 each, my friend got a long island for about $18. Soo vegas prices.They also seemed to have staff running around with flashlights checking the ground for spills and cleaning them up immediately. Interesting..?? I guess if that'll keep me from falling on my ass I am more than happy to have them doing it.The crowd was a mix - not as nice as the crowd at XS, but still some pretty people were to be found. My advice is to go to the small bar towards the back of the club - way easier to get drinks since there was no one back there. If you walk straight through the dance floor its all the way in the back, on the bottom level.Will definitely head here again!
4	HAZE is currently the best club in Vegas and I've been to pretty much all the "Big Boi Clubs" in Vegas.   I went to HAZE on a Saturday night and Snoop Dogg was in the house and he hit the stage.   Needless to say, the party was BANGIN!!!  I've only been to HAZE once so I must check it out again before I give it a full 5 stars.  The music was Hip/Hop & top 40, but mainly Hip Hop so you already know this place was jumpin'.  All a brother needs is hot white girls, great music and a lil' bit of alcohol and that makes for nothing but GOOD TIMES.  I don't know what other reviewers are talking about when they say this place is crowded.  Well, what nightclub in Vegas isn't crowed on a Friday & Saturday night....are you kidding me??    And for people who say XS is better...don't buy into the hype.  I've been to XS and Tryst....both are nicer venues but the music at those places is straight up WHACK.  I like upscale clubs just like the next person, but I still wanna party to good music.   But hey, I guess some people like that House/Techno smash-up garbage....I'm from the "A" (Atlanta) and we don't party to that LAME music.  I definitely think HAZE is at the top of the list of Vegas night spots right now and it can certainly hold it's on against the others.  Let me say this before I exit the stage...I'm sick of reading reviews on YELP from RACIST people who label a Vegas nightclub as being "GHETTO" simply because there's more than 20 black people in the building.   It's 2010 and if you're that much of a bigot, perhaps you should stay in your room and throw your own TEA Party.  And said!!!
3	been to quite a few clubs in vegas and in comparison to clubs like XS or Tao, id have to say that Haze is just alright. the night started off well enough since our friend had a hook up to get us in. we got there early at 10:30pm and there was already a line forming but luckily we got to bypass the wait! 7 girls and 5 guys in for $10 each but we were compensated with a drink ticket so it was basically free!once inside, we went to redeem our drink tickets right away. bartender says i can get any drink under $20 so i order a goose and cranberry which would apparently have cost me $19 w/o the drink ticket! Justin B. then proceeds to order 3 jager bombs that came up to $20 each! i know this is vegas and to expect pricey drinks but i dont think i've ever paid that much for 1 drink. so budget accordingly if you plan to drink a lot at haze.as the night progresses, the place does get packed and its hard to find adeqate space to dance. also the music on a saturday night was less top 40 and more techno. the bars dont get overly crowded so it's relatively easy to get a drink. one weird thing to note - toward the bathrooms, there's a glass cage with 2 go-go dancer girls glamming it up and pretending that they're modeling. it's funny to watch the club goers try to make them laugh but props to the dancers for keeping a straight face! hahatip- get a re-entry stamp so you can leave/enter the club to gamble, get cheaper drinks, etc..
3	This place is a very average club. I don't know if they do this all the time but the VIP line is upstairs and the regular line is downstairs. Apparently ALL LADIES are automatically VIP and ALL GUYS are automatically "regular" guests. So yes, almost all girls wait in line upstairs but guys wait downstairs.We get in the club and there are the usuals: a couple of small bars, a stage and an upstairs table area. The dancefloor is small and really packed. Everybody did look like they were having fun though so that's always a bonus.
4	The fact that there's so many conflicting reviews here further confirms my theory that it really just depends on what night you go out on and who you're with and who you run into... I don't know if there's a single club I could go to three consecutive times and have a consistent review every single time... That being said, I had a good Vegas weekend and Haze was our first stop. We could've probably gone to any club and had as much fun as we did here, again, because of who I was with, and not so much because of the environment... Haze was beautiful though, it reminded me a lot of Bank - huge sparkling chandeliers, multi-leveled dancefloor, bright lights, etc. Lots of supposed "doctor"s were there that night, which made for awkward small talk but lots of free booze. Don't know really what else to say about the club itself, all the standard rules apply - if you're there with a group of girls, you'll all get in free without any wait, and once you're in, they're all the same more or less. Now ain't THAT the truth?
2	Aria is a beautiful hotel, but whoever designed Haze got it all wrong. Why put the club downstairs with such poor ventilation? And the dance floor is so small that its hard to get in and out of it. You can't move on the dance floor at all. We didn't have to pay to get in and got free drinks, but after an hour we were ready to go back up to our room. The music was ok, but the crowd was ......pretty average. I saw a lot of older people  just wearing jeans and what not. It looked like the old moms and cougars were out partying that night. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but who the heck comes to the club dressed in jeans and a cardigan? There are too many good clubs in Vegas to waste your time here. I'd go in for the free drinks, but thats it.
2	Aria is a baeutiful hotel and i expected alot more for the club. Theyre still building the hotel, so hopefully they make a club that could compare to Tao, Pure or XS. +1 Didnt have to wait in the looooooong line+1 got in for free. It was me and my girlfriends :)-1 The place is small and I expected alot more since Aria is the newest hotel-1 The crowd is ehh. I think its an older crowd and by older i mean i saw people who were like my parents age. It might be for a more mature crowd. -1 very small and people were pushing and shoving and spilling drinksWe stayed for an hour. Then left and went to XS
1	We got kicked out of this place before even getting in...
1	I am going to keep this real simple.On a scale of 1-10: Music-6/7 Crowd- 5 (on the night I went)Bass-13!!!!!!Price-10I had such a high expectation about this club prior to getting in and me and my group were lookin forward to have a GREAT TIME. I think majority of them were having a good time, but I wasn't impressed at all. My final thoughts: I'd stick to Tao, Lavo, or Tryst.
2	Seeing that this club was at the new citycenter area i thought it was gonna be really cool. I set some epectations before i got in and the club did not meet my expectations. The line is your usual line here, took guys awhile to get in. You should always remember at vegas clubs if you have a group of guys make sure it's split up to 2-3 if you want to get in with just cover, but if you have a big group either you won't get in, or they'll tell you to pay extra. Thats how the game works. So we got into HAZE  and the club reminded me of LAX at the luxor. The problem was that HAZE was a pretty small club, smaller than LAX. This club consisted of two levels, the top level was mainly bottle service people and NO dance floor. The lower level consisted of a small dance floor and one bar. So there was about only two bars that i recalled. They had several go go dancers hyping up the dance floor. But this club dissapointed me eventhough i had fun beacause of drinking purposes. Newer club at a newer hotel area has to be better than that. Oh yeah i forgot to mention the music was more high energy trance,barely any hip hop but it also depends on the day you go to.
4	One of the best clubs in Vegas (in my opinion). My friends and I Loved it. Music was great, danced all night... VIP tables all around the dance floor...  They even have "cirque du soleil" type dancers on stage, that leave you speechless all the time they're performing. Amazing, sexy, great performances. Cover is around $20 (I think - mostly for guys) but if you're on the list, no line walk right in with free drinks 'til midnight - and they're not stingy with the alcohol. Once inside, prepare to push your way through the crowd (it was way too crowded at one point - that's why it's missing one star), but believe me it was worth it, once you're in the dance floor you'll have a great time.
3	Haze isn't the best club in Vegas, but it is definitely poppin! I went there during my 1 week vacation for my brothers 21st birthday... maybe it was just luck for us because we had a bday boy with us; I dont see good reviews at all lolWhen I was there, the DJ was spinning some pretty dope hip hop music.... it got a little RAVE-ish towards the end, but by that time your already DRUNK so it doesnt matter hahahaFellas: There were plenty of women there, most of the bad ones were in VIP but if you have a mouth piece, they will leave VIP to come dance and have some drinks with you. Dont get me wrong, the non-vip girls were still on the dance floor and definitely getting down!Ladies: Be careful, way too many guys in there! I guess thats a good think if your in Vegas huh? LOL Oh and dont get stuck up, if a guy asks you to dance... JUST DANCE! :-D
2	Vibrating walls AGAIN, music TOO LOUD. No free drinks or free bottle as was promised by our promoter. Total cock fest! TIP: don't pay for an $8 small bottle of evian at the bar. Go outside the club (don't forget a a hand stamp) and head upstairs to the bar for a free glass of water. Really though, what club doesn't give free water?!PS pregnant mime dancers - not cool, or sexy, or hip.
5	I guess it really depends who you go with and who you know.We were a group of six girls, and one of us knew a few promoters (and eventually the owner) of Haze, so we didn't have to wait in lines, got free drinks, and eventually ended up at our own VIP table. It was pretty sweet from there.Granted, I've never had VIP access before in my life, but it was kind of nice having people pour my cran-vodkas and serving them to me free of cost. It was nice having a huge space to dance in, and access to and from the dance floor every once in a while. It was nice having free unlimited water bottles, instead of sucking on free ice like I'm used to. Special treatment, a diverse and high energy crowd, and free drinks all night long really did make the night absolutely fun.We went two nights in a row, and the second night, some rich dude decided to 'make it rain', throwing down over $30,000 throughout the night. Unfortunately our table was next to theirs, and money flies downwards. Iyaz was performing that night, and somehow my sister/cousins ended up getting his number, and meeting the owner of Haze. Fun times :)
3	Despite my fiasco here, I had a fun time with my friends.  We were one of the first to get inside at about 10:30pm.  Even though we were staying at Aria, they wouldn't put us on the glist since it was Memorial weekend.  We managed to get on a list later with a promoter anyway.Main dance floor gets pretty packed.  Ran into all of OC and LA there this past weekend.  Smoke or "haze" comes blasting in your face every once in a while, but it wasn't too bothersome.  Smaller room in the back for lounging and socializing.Drinks:  4 liquid cocaines = $56 and 2 vodka redbulls = $38.  This does not include tip.  Oh my jeebus, that is crazy expensive so be sure to pre-game if you don't wanna get butt raped with drink prices. Great booty shakin' music.  Word on the street was that LMFAO was supposed to be there but I didn't see them.  Liars!  Overall, had a blast and it wasn't too hot or stuffy.  Actually, now that I'm concentrating real hard, I do recall sweating profusely in there, but I probably didn't care because I was crunk by then.  So nevermind, it DOES get super hot and stuffy, especially on the dance floor.Beware of crunkards everywhere, spilling their drinks on you.  No joke!  So trashy!  And... somebody had the nerve to jack my heels when I took them off to rest my feet.  WHO THE EFF DOES THAT??!!  Crazy ass bitches!  And then someone jacked my phone, ID and credit card and started dirty texting aka SEXTING people in my phone book.  Seriously?!  What kind of people are let into this club??!!?  Ughhhhhhh.But that's sorta irrelevant to the club itself so I won't let that make my review biased.  Overall, better than I expected due to low ratings and reviews, but I guess it depends on your attitude and who you roll with.
1	I came on Memorial Day Weekend. 1st of all, I understand how Vegas works. Holiday weekend = jack up the prices everywhere right? Yeah, it was $60 for males, $30 for females. I paid the same amount at Surrender (inside Encore) which was far better. It was also only $50 for males.Haze is TINY.  The setup was very bad, it reminded me of LAX inside the Luxor. Haze was not even worth the $30 I spent to get myself in.  I didn't drink there, I know how to pre-party so I can't say much for the pricing of drinks. The dance floor is small as well.Huge disappointment for a club inside Aria, *sigh* Oh, while we were in line one of the bouncers gave us his business card and told us to sext message him. Reeeeeeeeeal classy. Tsk tsk tsk.No thanks!
1	I'll admit that I'm not the club-going type person that I used to be. I used to love the clubs, dance while I'm wasted, and being in a dim atmosphere with loud music blasting against my earlobes. Now I just "like" it. Truth be told, I'd rather be gambling with a beer or jack and coke in my hand at the tables than be at a club. But since Haze had just opened when we went there in January, we figured we might as well find out if it was poppin or not. So going into Haze with my girlfriend and our friends, we (the guys) knew were going to be paying a ridiculous amount for cover and knew the girls would either get in free or get charged pennies compared to what they guys were getting charged. Among a group of 13 people -- 8 girls and 5 guys -- the girls were charged $5 and the guys were charged $30. Typical. No harm there. Then we went inside... and then the words "Haze fucking sucks" started to spew from our mouths.The dance floor is pretty damn small. If you're not sitting in the VIP area, you can forget about finding a place to sit to rest your aching feet because you can't sit on the platforms and you sure as hell can't sit on the floor. Why? Well the tough bouncer let it be known that it's made for dancing on and only girls are allowed on the freaking platforms. As if there was a list of rules we were supposed to read before we went inside this club... The drink prices are retarded. $18 plus tip for a shot of Patron? And you're charging us for water? You're joking right? I'll walk back to the Sky Suite lobby and get my own damn water if I need to. And I did. The music selection was pretty typical for a Las Vegas club. Not too much hip hop but plenty of dance music that will keep your head throbbing for days. Normally, this isn't a problem for me because I'm a DJ as well, but whoever was spinning that night has some kind of obsession with Katy Perry and the Black Eyed Peas. If you're going to play songs from these artists for a good hour and a half straight, you must not be that good or you don't have a good library to load up on Serrato. The bathroom line for the guys was pretty easy to shift through. For the girls, not so much because there's always a huge line for it. It kinda makes up for the guys having to get charged up the ying yang to get in. Yeah, that's right ladies. Your payback is through your bladder.Also, somewhere through the night, confetti began to rain down from the ceiling and a couple people dressed up all "tranny-like" walked through the dance floor on stilts. It was very much a WTF moment and also a signal to me and my girlfriend that we need to get the hell out of there. If you read through this long review of Haze, I'm sorry it was long but I have issues with this place. Haze has nothing on Tryst or XS. You're better off spending your money there and you definitely won't be charged for a glass of water there. This place just does not stack up to  some of the better clubs on the Strip nor does it really feel like it belongs at Aria. Avoid this club like the plague.
2	The service was terrible. The only helpful person was the guy in charge of refilling our chasers at our bottle service table. The hosts were preoccupied with who know's what and I feel ripped off for the way we were treated at this club. The club itself was amazing, the lights and music compete with the other top Vegas clubs. If you're looking for a table I'd go to a different club but if you're going just to dance and you're down to buy drinks at the bar Haze is definitely legit
4	I saw Far East Movement here. I'm a big fan of the go-go dancer platforms. This is a complete sentence. 2 Bud Lights will go for $20 here. Drink before you come. This place is rather cozy. Come if you are on a list; pass if you have to pay a cover.
2	Wow!  Keep in mind that this is two stars AFTER the fact that we got in for free, without waiting, sat in a super nice booth enclosed in glass, elevated above the dance floor with free top shelf drinks.  Also keep in mind that this review is written for who I think is the average Yelper.  By that I am assuming that you do not visit Las Vegas on a normal basis, and are looking for the best spots to make the most of your trip (like me).  The Good:  - Go go dancers that smile, are great dancers, and in great shape.  They even climb up the pole with plastic umbrellas.- Great DJ, good music-Being the newest club in town means...it's new.  Everything is new and shiny.  I like shiny things.The Bad:-Bathrooms lines were stupid long.-Super small club.-Even in the VIP lounge there wasn't much room to dance.  Looking around there were people dancing on ledges everywhere.  You could not move in the dance floor.-The VIP hostesses are beautiful.  But beauty doesn't give you the right to glare at me when I politely decline a drink they shove at me.  Also, unless you are a man, they won't even make eye contact with you.The Ugly: -The bouncers are super rude unless you know somebody.  Even then, some still have a snooty attitude.  The Disgusting:-Not the fault of the club, but a great reflection of their clientele.  I'm behind my girlfriend (who is white) and walking towards the VIP lounge from the bathroom and heard this ugly, nasally, voice screech out as loud as she could "What the F*ck is up with all these stupid Asians?!"  My friend is passing her as she screams this and I am now face to face with her.  She stares at me and looks terrified.  If I wasn't invited into the VIP booth as a guest, I truly would have made a scene, but I just laughed at her.  The Verdict:  I would not pay to come in here.  In fact, if somebody else paid, I still would not come back.  I thought America was past racism, but I was wrong.
3	The club is nice given that it's in Aria thus it's new, but the venue is awkwardly set up and was packed with way too many people it was too difficult to dance without knocking other people's $20 drinks out of their hands and pissing them off. Go go dancers were good, nothing special athough they did this interesting bodypaint tigers and circus tamer getup that I'm not sure what it's about. Music was decent and danceable if you had the room to. The venue set up was a little odd too, there was only one way into the dance floor and one way into the upstairs loungy area and they weren't exactly connected.
5	Located in  the brand new Aria hotel in the brand new city centerPro's Not busy with the line but organizedHip Hop and Pop mixture evenly played from Too $hort too Lady GaGaNice amount of Bar'sFree ShotsBeautiful women Dancing on the stage with pole'sLighting and smoke Machines effects with the musicGreat DjGreat Sound SystemStay open till 4:30 a.mNice Decor downstairs and upstairs area (kinda like that club in Scarface movie)Stages for female customers to dance at.Con's Lack of women many people seem to be couplesDance floor and V.I.P started to get empty by 3 a.mPricey ($40 for men)Drink PricesOver all a good club If you like Hip hop and you like or can deal with pop
4	This was the last stop on our Friday night and we stayed for only about a hour before we left, but from the moment I stepped in to the moment I left I was loving it!!!!!! Even in all of Lavo's sophistication and XS' extravagance (poles galore, massive outdoor area with tons of private tables), Haze stole the show that night. Haze is all about the music and experience. After a night of being surrounded by loud women from every which direction, Haze was a relief for me. It was a haven of flashing neon lights, mist, falling snow (foam) and dance music. Who fucking cared what you looked like, lets just fucking dance already...and too good music please. I loved the sky-high pole and performers (who didn't look bored of their minds like they do at all the other clubs...). They even had performers behind a glass window which I only dream about! Apparently this place is confusing, small and hit-or-miss, but I had a really good time. Everything was so crazy I didn't really even get a chance to take a look at the crowd. Fortunately, it was all a happy blur.
2	It's whatevz. We got in with no wait, for free, and got multiple free drink tickets each. Free henny & coke without having to hustle, HOLLA! Haha. The venue was cute, but nothing amazing. The only thing that stood out was the music... which is, in my opinion, the best music in any Vegas nightclub... BUT even with all of that said, I'd still only give it two stars. The crowd was a bunch of broke ass CREEPY college kids. If I knew it was gonna be like that, I would've just went clubbing near UC Irvine. It definitely did not live up to my Vegas-good-time standards!
3	Went to Haze on 6/5/10. This place is not living up to the hype.  My friends and I were hotel guests at the Vdara so we got guests passes to Haze.  The hotel guest passes let us bypass the general line and we paid $30 instead of $40 for admission.  The first thing i said to myself when i got in was "that's it?!!!"  I entered the club and immediately went to the 2nd floor, from the 2nd floor, you can have a view of the majority of the club.  It's a pretty small club, like really small.  Not very impressive at all compared to other Vegas clubs.  The drinks were pretty pricey too.  Worst of all, because this club is small, when this club gets packed, it gets hot and they don't serve tap water at any of the bars.  You can buy an 8oz bottle of Evian for $8 at the bar though.  That's $1 an ounce only if you don't tip the bartender.  The sound system i can say is pretty good,  My group of friends were dancing next to the sub woofer for about 5 hours straight,   My ears were ringing the next morning.  I personally prefer hip hop music, but the DJ wasn't spinning hip hop until 12, so don't bother trying to get in early unless you're a fan of dance music.  Some of the cool features of Haze was the fog machines that kept the dance floor nice and hazy the whole night, the go go dancers and the sound system as i mentioned before.
3	Hmm... just your typical night club - nothing too special about it.   I was with a group of 5 girls and we got in for free, and they gave us a bunch of drink cards, which was nice. We got our drinks relatively fast, and the bartendars didn't have an attitude like they usually do.  The dance floor wasn't too small, but it was packed.  The dj spinned hip hop music most of the time, which was fun to dance to.    The crowd was young and just so-so (not upscale).  But overall, we had fun and danced the night away... probably wouldn't come back unless we had some good incentives.
1	A joke. The only thing this club has going for it is the DJ and Doug the VIP booth manager who helped us.Please note - this review is from a Yelper that had VIP reservations at the club with a group of 8 girls paying a pretty penny.WOW!!!  What a disappointment.  I thought this was going to be great, no lines, no problems, no worries....unbelievable.  We arrive at the lines and we couldn't tell which one was our line.  So some of the girls hopped in one while I hopped in another since the reservation was in my name.  The girl at the front with a clipboard checking off names was rude.  I went to hop in line with my friends and I got this rude remark.  You know how there are ways of saying things and getting the same message across but without attitude?  She didn't use the sweet "customer is right" attitude.  Then she finds my name and her tone changes, nice....but a little late.We each get a ticket (though we had a table reserved with a 2 bottle minimum) and are walked down the escalators. Where we stand in line and watch as groups are being taken into the club before us and walked by us.  I finally ask what the issue is. It's not like we are just paying cover charge, or on a VIP list with no expense.  We are paying for a VIP table and had these reservations.  The bouncers are making up reasons until one group goes by us and I say "What is the deal?" and the bouncer responds "he's spending a lot of money".  What?!!!!  Are you serious?  SO ARE WE! I found out his name is Jesse.  He tried to make up for it later when he found out I had reservations, but again - a little too late buddy.  I flipped my lid but remained calm because this party was about my friend's bachelorette and wasn't about to ruin it by causing a scene.  So I start texting my VIP host...the folks at ARIA still couldn't get it.  Apparently the rude girl at the top had confused our reservations and they just gave us tickets, so we were getting the cheap bitch treatment.  Eventually, someone got the notice that we were paying citizens and finally walked us to our table, but not before telling us they were getting the "tables ready" still. What a joke - we ALL KNOW the tables are never ready until you get there...Then - they give us a table by the exit where you can't see a DAMN thing.  I asked for another table and Doug was good enough to move us to what I think was the BEST location in the nightclub.  2nd floor behind the DJ with the best view.  They had a pole dancer there that was amazing.Out of all of this, I will never use the Light Group for any type of VIP planning services, I will never go back to HAZE - I don't care what DJ is playing there. The club was small and the staff is utterly rude unless they know you are supposedly somebody hahaha.  But you can never get a second chance to make a first-impression. I will find other places to spend my $ and time.
2	First time at this place... and I don't think I will ever go back.  Music was alright.  DRINKS WERE A RIP OFF.  I know it's Vegas but c'mon... a Redbull Vodka for $18... WTF?!  I bought the first round of drinks for my ladies... 1 water, 1 redbull vodka, and 1 gin tonic... $41!!!!  We drank our incredibly expensive drinks and peaced out!  I would have been REALLY mad if I had to pay to get into this place!
3	disappointing.... the place was very small, crowded, and the crowds were ghetto or guido.  i was hoping for more being the newest club, but sadly disappointed.  if it wasn't for a bouncer letting us cut to the front, i would have given them 2 stars.  spend your precious vegas partying time at XS or Tao.
5	I had a great time! Good music, packed crowd (Friday night). Got in without waiting in line or paying (hook up). Free drinks. I don't see how you can go wrong.
3	I havent decided about this place mainly because we were stopped the day of by a promoter and was told that mario lopez, pauley d and a few of the lakers (fisher) was going to be there. we didnt see any of them, but we were also there at about 1030 and left about half a hour later.i will give them credit for playing great hip hop/rap music. i couldnt stop dancing while i was there!the place is a bit of a maze--too many levels for me and stairs in heels are just not ideal. we did come past a display with two girls dressed in garden of eden theme. poor girls.we tried to make our way through the dance floor once and in that brief moment amongst the crowded dance flr, i got my ass grabbed. NASTY. no girl should ever get their ass grabbed, so i turned around and punched this guy in the arm and gave him the WTF look. of course, it did not phase him at all. disgusting jerk.left and went back to XS.
1	Pitbulls at the door. promoters everywhere trying to hand out passes and WILL NOT LEAVE YOU ALONE until you run away from theminterior... just like everything else in city center, RUSHED.too big for their own good.
3	Welcome to Haze of Aria! Here the men are bros and the women, quite respectable of course.  Whatever your quest, be it booze, to boogie, or booty, there is plenty to be found here.  The liquor flows freely from the bar and the music was bumpin'. Eventually the Haze will disappear and you will wake up in your hotel room as if the whole night had been nothing more than a decent dream.  What does this mean? It be crowded up in here.  It's loud.  It's a bit messy.  The drinks are acceptable, but not great.  I just wasn't really thrilled by my experience.  When a nice boy asked if he can accompany my group to cafe Vettro, I was more than happy to go.
3	Got General Admission VIP tickets for this club from a promoter on The Strip. Little did we know that the tickets were only free for ladies -- men have to pay $30 admission regardless of the "Free admission" tickets, so beware of that.Anyways, some people had problems with admission and the lines to enter the place, but it was fairly simple for me and my friends to enter the club. The problems only surfaced when we were in the club.CONS:- NO CHAIRS. None. Not even at the bar. Be sure to bring super comfortable shoes if you plan to be here long, because there was no place to sit and the security guards were patrolling everywhere making sure that no one would sit anywhere. I ended up getting painful blisters on my feet by the end of the night.- Super loud music. Seriously. The dance floor is literally right next to the speakers, and the music was so loud that my ears were hurting from the sound waves. In fact, the vibrations were so strong that you could feel wind coming from the speakers. If you want to be on the dance floor, bring some ear plugs or at least stand as far as you can from the speakers as possible.- Tons of walking involved. There are a lot of ramps and stairs to get through to places, so like I mentioned before, this is not an ideal place for girls with 4-inch heels to strut around! Your feet WILL be in pain!- Expensive drinks. I guess that makes up for the free tickets (for ladies, anyway). I bought a screwdriver for $14. Yikes. Beer was around the same price, too. Kinda unreasonable if you ask me, but hey you couldn't have expected to walk away without paying big for something, right?- Dance floor was packed. Too many promoters giving away free tickets.PROS:- The  music was alright; kind of an eclectic mix of popular songs and old favorites. Actually, that was a bit strange, but what the hell.- Decor was pretty cool. Dim lighting everywhere and the design was modern in general.- If there was no free admit ticket, I'd probably bump this place down to 2 stars. But hey, at least the go-go dancers were entertaining.
3	Let me say that I had  a great time at HAZE, but objectively speaking it is no more than three star club on Yelp.  HAZE will never be one of the great Las Vegas superclubs (i.e., Jet or XS/Tryst). DESIGN: The generic "club look" took me by surprise considering it's inside the Aria (which I think is architecturally more interesting than most other hotels).  There's a center dance floor with raised platforms for female guests (men are promptly removed by the bouncers) and other platforms for the go-go dancers (female and male guests are promptly removed from these).Unfortunately a good deal of the space is dedicated to bottle service, with tables lining the edges of the dance floor, the upper catwalk/balcony, and other raised areas adjacent to the dance floor.SERVICE:  As crowded as the place will get, the bartenders are very quick with the drink orders and don't ignore men at the bar (that's happened to me a few times elsewhere).They also have an army of "floaters" who constantly move throughout the crowd cleaning up empties and any spills, so the place is never visibly dirty, which is nice.The bouncers don't seem to have much of an attitude problem and many of them will offer a lighter when they see you struggling to find your lighter.I guess this falls under service but they have go-go dancers.  A lot of them.  They really just dance around on the platforms, but there are some "show" type things that are choreographed on the mainstage.  Nothing is ever going to beat the bathtub/showers at Tao though.CROWD:  Really mixed crowd.  There's the typical bachelor/bachelorette parties and birthday parties.  Most people come well-dressed, but a few escape with t-shirts somehow.  The biggest problem with the crowd is the amount of people they let in.  Typically the "we're at capacity" is used as a blow-off to a group of ten dudes trying to get in without paying cover but I think they'd be justified at HAZE.  By midnight it's hard to move around the dance floor.  By 1AM it's impossible to move around the dance floor and exceedingly difficult to move around the bar.  The lack of door discipline ultimately disqualifies this place as a LV nightlife heavy-hitter.MUSIC:  They play trendy house music, hip-hop, top-40, and a few rock songs.  The Saturday night DJ did a great job transitioning between the genres without screwing with the flow of the club.DRINK PRICES:  This is another killer.  I know I'm in Las Vegas but a vodka-Red Bull should not cost $19 (we looked at the receipt and they charged us $14 for a "vodka drink" and added $5 for "Red Bull" as a separate line item.  Are you serious?  I suggest pre-partying before heading out to HAZE and buying an overpriced beer or two if you gotta drink something ($10 for bottles of beer like Blue Moon or Stella).DOOR ADVICE:  If you're on a guest list, line up in the "VIP Check In" area.  The club doesn't open until 1030PM and I'd suggest getting there at about 10 or 1015 PM to ensure you have no problems getting in.  I was on a guest list so I'm not sure how general admission works (methinks it's like everywhere else...you wait).   From what I heard, cover is $30 for guys (and probably discounted for women).Also, I'm not sure if I'm going to betray a secret or kill the goose that lays golden eggs, but I think my fellow Yelpers need to know this.  If you are an Aria guest, call the concierge desk and see what they can do for you.  I was able to put myself +3 on the guest list (yes, a real guest list, not the "everyones a VIP in Vegas" list) and we had no problems and paid no cover (and we were all guys).  I'm sure they can swing other deals if you're looking to do something like bottle service, but the point is do a little planning ahead and call the concierge desk.Unless I'm staying at the Aria, I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to go to HAZE.  There are much better clubs out there.  If you go, go early.  We left at about 2 AM and it was still packed.  HAZE goes until 4AM and it seems that most people might stay for the entire night.  Stick with the balcony and the catwalk if you don't want to get bumped and jostled by the crowd.
2	Although I had high expectations for this club, when I saw the other yelp reviews I was suprised. I had to see for myself, because, clearly, a club this new cannot get old so fast. Once again, my fellow yelpers were right. The best part about this club was the fact that we were able to get in without a wait. A nice promoter walked us in past the crowds. If you're suffer from claustrophobia, beware. You have to take an escalator down to the (holding?) area, where everyone is pushing each other. Once we were in, the crowds did not dissipate, and finding a spot on the dance floor without being harassed by rude boys became a challenge. Is ass-spanking a new way to say hello? The music was OK. As far as the decor, there was nothing special about this place. It was just a regular, crowded club. We didn't stick around to find out the price of drinks and went to Pure instead.
4	went to HAZE this past weekend for the 1st time, shit was poppinnnnnn. got there around friday night 1230am rollin' with 10 girls and 6 guys, there was a separate entrance for the laides upstairs while us guys were sent downstairs, that was kinda dumb because now it just looks like we are just 6 guys when in actuality we have 10 ladies with us. anyways, cover was suppose to be $30 but they said it might be free with the admission cards they gave us? well we weren't tryna wait in line and possibly pay $30 a head. so we spontaneously all decided to get a table. about $100 each split amongst 6 guys, got in immediately skipped the line. They play real good music, got crazy laser lights, beers are $9, but water was $9 too?! anyways it was a good time regardless, i actually like haze better than XS, its not as crowded. and ask about the after party located upstairs. definately going back
3	I'm super biased. They play electro house/hip-hop, I mean how better can it get? But for my friends who's into the Top 40 etc, this place WAS NOT THE BUSINESS! The place was just too small. No seating. Bathrooms weren't all that big either, the bathrooms in Aria were 10 times better than what they had.BTW, the dance floor sucked dick. HOWEVER! You did redeem yourselves for such a sick LED wall. Not as good as Voyeur in SD, but I haven't seen anything like that in Vegas ever.Go here if Electro/House/Trance is your scene, cause it's gonna be a big disappointment if it isn't.
3	I hadn't even heard of this place until this past Vegas trip. My friends and I were walking around unsure of where to go and we just stumbled upon Haze. The promoters and staff are super nice though. Haze looks like every other club in Vegas just more shiny and new. The crowd wasn't too heavy when we first arrived but 20 minutes into it I had no room to dance. The music was okay but a but repetitive. Overall it was okay and worth checking out.
3	Due to my recent move to vegas, I've made a few connects out here and only go out when one of those connects can come thru. anyways came to haze didn't pay to get in didn't wait in line. The place looked like your average run of the mill club. Music was pretty good I guess (green day??) Drinks were expensive as fu%k, but hey its vegas. If u wanna save money go to palm springs.
3	We wanted to check out this new club, so we made it a goal to do so our first night in Vegas. We got there at 12am on a Thurs night and went straight in, no cover. Ladies, talk to the bouncers, they'll hook it up. Fellas, I think they were asking for $30. From what I can recall, the club is really small and very similar to The Bank @ Bellagio. Toooo much testosterone in there! Dancefloor has a few platforms where you can get up and dance on. Every so often, gogo dancers come out and pole dance. Music is super cute! Mix of 80s-90s music with today's top 40s. The bar?? 3 drinks for $52 or something?? Vegas for you.  They also blow out foam on the dance floor, which I wasn't too crazy about. I say go here if you haven't, but once is enough. There are other clubs worth partying at.
3	For anyone coming from a big city in Asia, this place will remind them of home. They've got plenty of private seating on the top floor, and many bars you can get your drink at so no waiting a hideously long while to get your drinks. Thursday is industry night (locals free), so there's going to be a lot of guys there. As a result, beware if you're a girl who needs cock blocking or a guy who gets easily annoyed by douches.As for pricing, my friend paid $30 for two drinks. Sigh...But they were giving away free weak shots (tip required). Blah, blah, blah.Aside from that, the music was alright and the crowd was alright too. I just wouldn't ever buy a drink at these Vegas clubs unless I really felt in the mood to waste money. Actually, maybe I will tonight at XS.
2	This club blows big time, even though it's still pretty new. It's nice inside (nice compared to my local clubs) and that it's quite easy for girls to get in for free. Also, there aren't lines for the bathroom, and the go-go dancers are pretty hot. The music was pretty good as well - I could dance to most, if not all, of it! Why does this place blow, you ask? Well let me count the ways.1. Bouncers outside are horrible - first time I tried going in here, a bouncer asked me if I spoke English, because I was trying to decide if I wanted to ditch my guyfriends to get in for free. Didn't go in because I said "@&$% this club - I'm going to XS tomorrow!" and left.2. Bouncers inside are asinine. They keep shuffling through huge groups for NO REASON! They keep telling my friends and I to move aside, or they walk right in between us dancing. Just because you have a flashlight that you like to play lightshows with doesn't mean you can't walk BEHIND us when clearly, there's a bunch of space BEHIND us. Stop walking in between us, pushing us - I would rather NOT be touched by you every time you want to walk in between us girls. Reminds me of the pathetic staff and faculty we had back at high school dances because my friends "got low".3. Line for re-entry and you need to get a printed paper saying how many are in your group. This is totally bogus - they STAMP you for a reason, so that it's easier to get in. Thanks for killing more trees, Haze.3. Music was decent the July 4th weekend (better than XS the following night - strange, isn't it?), but there are way too many predators/creepers here. Guys grabbing my waist, trying to grab my hand, accidentally grazing my derriere, etc. Also, some guy was jumping all around and scraped my ankle with his sneakers. NO THANKS.4. $40+ for guys, seriously?! And they separate the girls from the guys. Guys, just go to XS where the ladies are hotter (beach nights, anyone?) and you either pay $30 for cover or can potentially get in FOR FREE.5. Drinks were splashing everywhere. Come on, people - don't carry your drinks onto the dance floor! It's that simple! You'll just waste $20 and only get a tiny sip of it before it spills or slips out of your hand.Sorry Haze, you are no bueno. ;/
2	I have been here twice, and each time it was a madhouse, both inside & outside.  Lines everywhere:  All girls guest list, guest list, gen. admission paying cover, lost people pretending to be in a line... Well, it was really ridiculous how long most people were held waiting just to get in.  The line areas resemble a busy airport with people (who are very well dressed) waiting in line for the TSA security check point.  Those who were letting people in were kind of rude, much like the TSA security workers, as well.  Definitely not a high class feel to me.  The inside of this club is like a theater with the long dark halls and stairways.  Couple of the bars have a horrible arrangement, where the lines to the bar clash with those trying to squeeze past.  It's insane, and not a good design at all, making it difficult to even take a walking tour around the club.  The bathrooms are nice and clean.  Table areas are all throughout the venue, and I didn't see any table that looked like it was an unfavorable location.  They do get some REALLY good headlining DJs and their go go dancers/entertainers are really intriguing, so be prepared to be Wow-ed.  Besides that, don't get your hopes too high unless you're dropping bills or know someone who can get you into the VIP table areas away from the chaos.
1	I never wish that punishment on anyone! If I could give a zero I would. If anyone has any sense, DO NOT GO HERE! $8 waters, green day and old school hip-hop spinning on a SATURDAY NIGHT. Pathetic for a Las Vegas club. Not a single place to sit, and a main dance floor that fits about 40 people max. Oh, by the way, this place is so bad, I am writing this review from the club.
4	This club is new and fun a lot of babes... i'll come back to this review!
2	Wow, only 2.5 stars?? Ok.. I agree.I hated how they split up the guys and girls into two different lines. It took us girls about 10 minutes to get into the club and our guys over 45 minutes and not to mention their cover was 40x more expensive than ours. Depending on the weekend, some paid up to $150 just to get in.  Look out for your guys and leave this club.The dancers inside were not hot. It was just as crowded as Tao, but with less attractive looking creatures to stare at. The dancers and even the ladies in this one glass window looked over thirty years old with makeup caked on... I guess they don't discriminate. Thumbs up to them on that!It's in a beautiful hotel, but just go shopping at the City Center. Forget this club.
3	My friend picked Haze for our last night of clubbing in Vegas.  It was his bday weekend, so he decided to get bottle service.  This was actually a good idea because we didn't have to wait in line to get in.  Our table was located upstairs, and we had a good view of the dance floor downstairs.  I don't swing that way, but I must say our waitress was H..O..T!!!!  Apparently, I wasn't the only who thought so because a girl in the bachelorette party next to us left lipstick marks on her boob.I roamed around for a bit downstairs, but it got too crowded, so I retreated to our table upstairs.  They have go-go dancers throughout the club, and they had an acrobatic show on stage.It was fun to check out a new club, but I don't know if I'd go back.  The lines were ridiculously long.  I'd probably only come back if it was a bday or bachelorette party.
3	They have a weird process of getting ppl in, but the place isn't that bad. Reminds me of just any typical Hollywood club, the sound system bangs pretty hard +1. Interesting acrobatics on the dance floor, pregame beforehand or your wallet will come out a lot lighter....
4	Haze is located in the newest LV hotel called  Aria. This place is a two story club that is packed with a diverse and young good looking crowd. The cost to get in was about $30 for the fellas and with a mixed drink averaging at $19. I met alot of nice people and the music was great. Would I go back to Haze? Hell yea but no because of the weak ass, sloppy, mooching security that asked me to pay $50 a head to cut the line, but for the fun I have when i come here. The only thing that bothered me was the set up on the 1st floor disallows for much dancing becasuse the stages are in the way of the dance floor. I wish there was a little more space.
3	Just went to Haze Saturday night, and we had a blast!  Getting in was tricky.  We stayed at the Hotel Monte Carlo, and the concierge put us on the VIP List, no charge for 4 ladies, and we were put in contact with "Chad", whom made sure we were confirmed, but at the top of the line, we were told we weren't on the list, words I've only seen muttered in movies, had to chase Chad down, but alas got in.  It was dramatic, everyone wanted to get in to this place!It was crowded, the dancers were amazing, dollar bills floated from the ceilings, foam dropped as well, they played great music,.  My friends and I had a blast, and we will never forget the experience of Haze!
2	I'd round this one up to 2.5 stars, purely based on the burlesque-ish mannequins inside the glass rooms. Outside of that, nothing special.Perhaps being spoiled on marvelous nights at XS has tainted my views. But, goddamn, this place was like a dungeon. How do you translate a beautiful hotel like Aria into a place like this? Weird. Seems as if two completely different companies were at work here...You get the hype from walking into the hotel, amidst all the Bauhaus and Saha Hadid influence, actually making me believe this place would be some sort of Oasis right out of Dubai. Then you get inside Haze, to really tell yourself, WTF? How did this place get here?Outside of the architectural rant, the music was not happening, and the crowd seemed drone like. I guess it really does boil down to experiences, and this one was not palpable.
2	I have been to many clubs in Las Vegas and this one is just okay. The music was not great and there was nothing really special about the experience at all. If you are a dude who has to pay to get into a club, skip it - if you are a lady who has to wait in line, skip it. Thankfully our group of 5 girls got in free and didnt have to wait in line. If you do want to go to this club look for one of the promoters in the casino and grab a few wristbands so you dont have to wait in line.
3	Came here on a Thursday night & had a good time!  My friend called her club promoter friend & he got all 4 of us girls in for free with 2 free drink tickets each!  The dance floor wasn't huge, but it was a lot of fun.  The bouncers & bartenders were friendly.  Drinks were good.  After about an hour or so it got really crowded (as can be expected) & the club isn't that big, so we left.  It was a nice club, but XS is still my favorite.
3	The line for Haze was looooooong so thank goodness for our concierge at Aria who was able to make some calls and bring our group to the front of the line and to get us all in free of charge (yes the guys too!).  Overall, this club is ok, but didn't have all the details of other Vegas clubs we've been to.  Also it was super crowded so I couldn't really bust a move, but had fun watching the hired contortionists!    Drinks were also a-ok...not too strong but the bartenders were able to get our orders pretty fast.  I'll only be back if I can get in without a wait and without making my husband pay to get in!
3	Had a fun night with the girls. This place was just okay. Nothing too much to rave about. And please, stop with the foam floaties. What is that? Please don't get in my drink!Had fun dancing the night away, but this place is kind of dirty. I don't mind clubs that are dirty as long as the music is good. Their music was just so-so. Thank goodness I had my girls there; that saved my night  :)
4	This place might have the most expensive drinks in Las Vegas. The place is cool, kinda crazy though. It is very much like a maze, theres the bottom dance floor where the vip tables are (which I thought was a bit odd as it is RIDICULOUSLY crowded there), the mid level with bars and then an upper level where you can walk and look down onto all of the sin that is Las Vegas.This club seems to be the only place left that plays non-dance music which I am very happy to have found.Also if you take a taxi, tell them you are going to Haze for they have their own taxi drop off area.****NOTE: TO CURRENT CREEPERS AND FUTURE CREEPERS PLEASE STOP SPILLING DRINKS ON ME. I know you paid at least $19 for what your sippin' on. Hey, I'm just lookin' out for you okay? I will punch you in your gut if you spill on my pretty dress. Thanks :)
3	This place is always packed, and the line outside leading to the place is always long.  I went here last weekend with some friends to celebrate birthdays and we ended up getting inside after waiting about 40 minutes or so in the vip line.  being a guy, me and my friend gabe were fortunate enough that one of the people we went with knew one of the promoters there and hooked the girls up with free entry and a "reduced" admission for guys.  it was interesting though because as the promoter gave us the free coupon/rebate thingy, he insisted we kept them in our pockets and not show.  We found out by accident when my friend gabe had his out of his pocket and in his hand and discovered that the lady sitting at the table at the end of the vip line was stealing this in exchange for "vip entry."  He ended up getting another one from the promoter and it saved us ten bucks from the original 40 bucks "vip" mens cover fee.  yeah, it was 40 dollars to get in with "vip" access, and 30 dollars when we pull those rebate coupons at the cashier.(I should add that when I went down to vegas during memorial day weekend, I didn't know someone and I had to pay 60 dollars to get in) anyway, the club is kinda small when you compare it to vanity, tao and especially XS.  but the music is pretty good and the lighting and effects are pretty good and in sync with the music--though i'm not too impressed with the levitating and lowering of the light hanging things.  plus the drinks here seem to be more expensive compared to the other clubs in vegas, a bottle of water was something like 7 dollars and according to my friend gabe, a bottle of newcastle was 10 dollars. -----I should mention that after my past couple of experiences in vegas (like the six times I went down in the past year), it is EXTREMELY vital that you find a promoter to hook you up or save you some cover fee nonsense cash.
3	Went here last Thursday night for my birthday.  Guys had to drop $40 when we got in around 12:30AM with no wait time at all.  Place is a lot smaller than I thought it would be.  2 stories.  Drinks are expensive over here, even on Vegas standards.  Some shots and mixed drinks cost us around $19 each and beers were $10 each.  Music was alright.  Crowd was mixed and so-so.  I'll round up from 2.5 stars.  I heard they were renovating an outside patio area over here, but I guess that never happened.  I heard this place only gets cracking when they have a guest DJ or performer.  Sorry, but I'll gladly pass on Haze next time I'm in the 702.
3	After trying to go to XS, my friends and I felt disheartened when we saw the line and decided to try Haze instead, since it was new...I'm kind of glad we did.  The line was MUCH shorter and...the girls waiting to get in were less hot in comparison XD  I fit in!  Haha...I also loved the mix/variety of music here...especially when they started playing karaoke classics and everyone started singing along XDThe dance floor is SMALL but I love that they had 2 raised platforms for girls to climb up and dance on ;P  I might be a bit biased because I was up on said platform when they started spraying the bubble foam stuff all over...that just made my night...it was so pretty =)))And the stripper pole with the acrobats?  That is COOL!  I wish I could do that...haha
3	Eh, I won't call this place terrible, as I had a pretty good time there and was pretty entertained, but I won't call it great either.Haze is the premiere nightclub at the new Aria hotel in Vegas' City Center and lucky for our group, one of our friends was staying as a guest and got us all in for free thru the hotel guest list.  Located below ground level, I have to agree once I entered that this place, while trying to go for the burlesque feel with their go-go dancers, pole dancers/acrobats, and such, doesn't really make up for the fact its not very spacious, too crowded and dark.  Everything I've seen in this 2 level club seems like a riff on other night spots I've been to before and doesn't really bring anything new to the table.  In fact there was really little to differentiate this from your standard club in Hollywood.Best I could tell there was only one bar on the main level and possibly another one on the 2nd level which was not for dancing but for tables and people watching the people on the dance floor below.I will give them a + for the aformentioned acrobatics, theatrics and lighting but it still doesn't really make up for the fundamental issues of size and lack of originality.  I had fun the once but don't see myself returning especially if I have to pay cover.
3	I actually liked HAZE, despite all the mixed reviews I've heard about this place. It was late afternoon on a Friday night and we still weren't sure what club we were going to. We were too lazy to go off strip even though we were guest listed for Vanity and Moon/Playboy Lounge. My friend called the Monte Carlo concierge to see if we could get onto the Haze nightclub guest list (even though it was at the Aria.) The guy said sure and asked what our ratio was. We told him 3 girls, 4 boys and he said "ohhh..." haha no one likes that ratio. He said to try it anyway. So around 10:30pm we walked over to Haze and on the way there we were intercepted by 3 different promoters handing out free entry cards. We all grabbed the cards and headed over to the club entrance.On the top level, they sort you into different lines. We entered the VIP guestlist line not knowing any better and were quickly confirmed that we were good to go. Then we were ushered downstairs into another pit of lines "girls only" "guys only" "general admission" "guest list" "tables" ahhh! We jumped back into the guest list line and within minutes rolled up past the bouncers, past the cashier and were in the club for free! Even though at that point we were only 2 girls 4 guys, YAAAAY!!Overall the club is pretty small compared to others on the strip. The music was kinda meh for the first hour and half but then really started to pick up around midnight. Drinks are the typical price (ie., $16 for a long island.) I'd come back again if I was in the area. There was a nice crowd there.
1	Hells.... I would never have thought I would find myself at a place or club I HATE that much and made me feel THAT uncomftable! The security there SUCKS major BUTT. They are SO unfriendly SO rude its simply redicilous! I have been to a lot of high end clubs as well as dive bars, I have hired and fired security personal, but THIS place is the end of a poop turd in security fo sho! They are rediculously rude. I got shoved out of they, hard! I got my arm pinched by some fat dude working there and I was told I am being escorted out because I had my boot off and litterally was unable to put it back on (due to the crowd being asked to float in the air since you are NOWHERE allowed to stand!) WTF!! I have been to really high end invitation only clubs in London and NY, THIS place is worse than a fat finger in my butt... I rather have my butt hair plugged individually than go THERE again EVER! THe sad thing is really, it has all the potential to be a fabulous club! Its awesome setting, the dancers are just great! THe DJ is fantastic, the promoters really nice and the bartenders smile. BUT due to the rudness of these oger Security people, i will NEVER go back there again nor will I send any of my groups there. People DO NOT GO THERE until they change their attititude!!
4	The lines weren't as long as some other clubs and music was good... but my favorite part about Haze was the pole acrobat. She was amaaazing! Drinks are super expensive, but it's Vegas, so what do you expect? A small bottle of water is $6 too... daaang. Ah well, it was worth it.Also, Busta Rhymes performed around 2am and that was a fun show! That guy can driink!
3	We were here for NYE this past New Years for the grand opening of the club.Tiesto was spinning, it was New Years Eve, and my baby's birthday, so I splurged for a VIP table.  Was it worth it?Well, the club was a bit small, the lighting, video, and sound systems were amazing however.  There were some problems with service though:The VIP bottle service client's list got screwed up somehow, so when we arrived that night, they took us to someone else's table, then found out that it belonged to someone else, so we had to be moved.  That kinda sucked, but it may have been attributed to that night being the public grand opening.Our table hostess Angela was awesome and she totally helped us have an awesome time.  Overall, I'd probably come back and give it another shot to see if the service issues were an anomaly.  But I'd probably consider Pure or XS before this club.
2	It was later and we were in Vegas for my niece's 21st birthday.  We were staying at Vdara so decided to give Haze a try since it was in the neighboring hotel Aria.  The staff is super friendly and managed to get us a table in no time.  We didn't have to wait in the long line or make a reservation. However, that being said, this place so-so compared to the more upscale nightclubs in Vegas. Bottle service is about $500 a bottle and the decor reminds me of clubs I could find in Hollywood.  For a true Vegas nightclub experience, got to any of the other clubs. Ex, Tao, Tryst, XS...
4	I came here since it was in my hotel. The ambiance was great it was so packed you were literally dancing elbow to elbow. I enjoyed myself alot and got drunk hahaha. It was fun!
1	This place sucks, came here last weekend for the first time and had very expectations since its inside Aria. I had some coupon and even with that it was still 30$ to get in, drinks are very pricey (expected I guess), and its very small. Its similar to LAX, but smaller. Only good thing about this club  was that their dancers and bartenders are hot and there were no lines @ the entrance.
4	Got into Haze for free since we were staying at the Skysuites. Overall the drinks were good but extremely pricy... $25 for a double shot of jack and coke, $38 for 2 jager bombs. The music and club scene were top notch though. Plenty of females in the crowd and attractive go-go dancers doing their thing. The only reason I gave this 4 stars is it seems they like to overcrowd the place once things get going. We arrived around 1030pm and people were just starting to trickle in. By 1am it was PACKED! but that did not stop us from having a good time. This is a club I will come back to in the future, just please don't raise the drink prices!
1	This review is for the rude douche bag bouncers at HAZE. If I could give it a -10 I would. In fact I decided to sign up for a yelp account just for this. Anyway, from what I heard the club itself is actually not bad, but I wouldn't know since I didn't get to go in and see for myself. I was with a group of my girls and one of them brought their bf. The moment he showed his ID they asked him for his zodiac sign. WTF. not everyone knows or follow that stuff. So then the bouncer calls his "manager" and asks him to look at the ID. The bouncer told him that he'd seen the same ID pass through earlier already. Again, WTF!! are you kidding me? They asked our friend to sign his signature like a couple times and kept rejecting it saying that his hand writing was not even close compared to what he had on his ID. Finally we got tired of all the BS and most of my friends just left. I, on the other hand still tried to get in because I was supposed to meet my cousin. So I spoke to the "manager" and he let me and my bff get in line. Thinking it was for the VIP guest list, I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt. Well 20 mins. passed and still waiting in line, I decided to ask what the matter was. Turns out we still had to pay cover! After realizing this, we finally decided to jet! Another thing about that club is that they are so unorganized! They had like 5 different lines all going on at once. Aside from the short line we were in (the reason why I thought it was guest list), there was another general line waiting to go in. Oh and the promoters up front kept running around like crazy. Like they had the worst form of communication. All in all it was just so ridiculous and such a hassle. They think their club is too good, well if you keep treating people that way no one would want to go there. There are so many hotter clubs in Vegas. PUHLEEAZE!
4	This place is pretty poppin! It's true, drinks are pricey. The bartenders don't know how to make anything except the usual hoodrat cocktails... but I have to get over myself and realize that this isn't the place for a fine cocktail.It is also true that there are all sorts of different lines to get in to this place. I'm not one for standing in lines, so me and my party ordered VIP front of the line passes for 50 bills each. We walked right in.Awesome lighting and ambiance, a bit crowded, but I'm fine with that. Ratio was decent, and I had a great time! Oh, and that bass. It's monday now, and I'm still feeling it.
2	This place was a lot smaller then I expected and the music was bad. The mix didn't flow and they didn't play any music that's popular. I also found some if the workers running the guestlist to be rude. Not a club I will go back to nor recommend to anyone. The club Eve at the same hotel was WAY more fun!!
3	I was in Vegas for work. We got several bottles to get in.The club was typical.The most memorable thing from the club was the female pole dancer. She was doing CRAZY shit with the pole! Like leaning sideways from it by holding on with her hands, She'd climb like 20ft then drop those 20ft in like a second... it's like she was in Cirque du Soleil or something. She was RIDICULOUS.The bouncers and the table girls were friendly enough otherwise.The club was basically one big room; there was no place to sit down if you didn't have a table, and of course no patio. But I guess all Vegas clubs are like this.It was just OK all things aside.
2	Music was good but thats about it...Line moves too slow and bouncers are NOT nice at all... i know its their job to be rude but damn take it down a notchWAY TOO CROWDED!!! cant walk anywhere imagine trying to danceNot recommended for Friday or Saturday night... ive only been there those 2 days so I cant say how it is on weekdays
1	Most of the negative reviews here are pretty accurate. However a lot of the people writing them are contradicting themselves. It makes no sense that people are complaining that they had to wait in line too long, but then went on to say that the club was overcrowded. What else did you expect? Let people in and make it more crowded, or make people wait in line. They can't do both.Anyway, you're better off spending your money at another club on the strip.  My GF and I went to Haze in March 2010 on a weeknight, got there around midnight. I know for the most part couples are generally frowned upon by nightclub bouncers, but nonetheless they're making money off of us too. There was literally 5 other people in line and they made us wait for a pretty long while. After about 30 minutes of waiting I slipped the bouncer a 20 and he finally let us in (normally if the line was crazy I'd tip the bouncer $25 per person). We were being polite to the bouncers but they were still being major stuck up douches, absolutely no need for that. On top of that we paid the ridiculous cover. The club wasn't too crowded, but the drinks were way overpriced. Yes it's Vegas and it's to be expected to spend some cash, but there is something wrong with paying $45 for two redbull + jager drinks. Also what's with the guys with the flashlights thinking they're so effin special? They shove through the crowd yelling "MAKE A HOLE" as if they're escorting President Obama out of a brawl. Most of the times they do this it appears to be for no reason at all. It makes the clubbing experience even less enjoyable when you're getting pushed around like that.  There is really nothing special about Haze that makes it stand out from the other clubs. There are clubs here in San Antonio that have better service, sound system, design, lighting, atmosphere, etc. for a fraction of the amount you spend. For being in a nice place like Aria you'd have much higher expectations for a club. Don't ruin your night by going to Haze.
4	My friends and I went through a promoter.  The girls got in free and were split from the guys upon entrance.  I'm sure the guys had to pay, unfortunately.  This place has a lot of stairs you have to travel (not good for heels!) but the place is nice.  You can easily get into a VIP section if you're a girl.  The guys are inviting at the tables.  They will pour you your drink and everything.The night I went was when Sean Kingston was there.  Needless to say, it was super packed.  Also, you can lose your friends in this club, because my friends and I did!
2	line moved wayyyyy too slow. If you want to get in here you have to be in line be at the very latest 10 oclock. I stood in line from 10 to 12 and still didnt get in. some people in other reviews said the bouncers are pretty mean, i think that's true but i did have an okay experience with one of them. don't expect to get in here unless you've got fat pockets or are freaking ridiculously hot.
1	I should have believe all the other Yelpers who reviewed this place. Saturday night, it was my weekend birthday, night number 2 in Sin City, someone suggested to check out Haze in Aria, the place itself is impressive, but the employees are the major problem.The promoter who I contacted to be put on a guest list and VIP list for my birthday was an asshole, security people are gonna make you wait for an hour, and they are letting FUGLY people in...OMG.. I have never seen a club that it's just pure money and not even reputation of the whole club.I thought that you can get in and surpass the line with pure hot looks, but nope, these pretty boy, black-suited security people, just let people in because you added 20$ up front, i know, i know, this thing usually happens.. but come on...As you enter the club, ok, nice, really dark.. exquisite pole dancers..really good.. yeah overpriced drinks!3 Jaeger bombs..72$! 15$/ small cocktail glass.. And they dont make Adios?! When i had to go outside to meet friends, even with the stamp, I had to fall in line again! Ri-di-cu-lous!I went to Surrender nightclub the night before, I had an awesome time.. even if i paid 10$ more for cover, but I didn't wait for an hour, and a famous DJ was there.. And a lot more hot people..cute girls and cute boys..I am not surprised Haze can't surpass XS and Surrender.. but im not going back to this place. Pretentious, over priced drinks and rude employees.
1	so they reel you in with their "vip passes" which is, supposdly, you get in for free before midnight. what they dont tell you is that the line they make you get into will not move quick enough for you little people to get in.i was expecting to wait in line, but over an hour and a half!? we got in line at 10:20. there were about 100 or so people in front of us.(think because youre staying at the aria you'll get ahead..NOPE!) did not get past the super special force field of a velvet rope until 12:03... coincidence? not tonight. so then they tell us our passes have expired and its 20$ for girls 40$ for guys. NO THANKS! there were two extra things to pile on top of their disgusting, steaming, poo mountain of suck; this group of people cut the line all the way to the front and the bouncer did NOTHING. and secondly (my group of friends were dressed very nice IMO) they let this girl in a HOODIE in there before us.
1	I honestly have nothing good to say about Haze. I went there this past weekend and i must say that it has topped all other horrible clubs i've ever been to in my clubbing life. Considering how nice Aria is, you would think their nightclub would hold the same high expectations but BOY did it definitely disappoint. We got there extremely early because i know that Halloween weekend can be pretty hectic. Hectic it indeed was! This place is so unorganized! There were different lines, which led to more lines. They split up the girls and guys letting girls go in first and guys stuck waiting in a line that didn't move for hours. The bouncers did a horrible job keeping any order in those lines. People were coming from all kinds of directions, cutting, pushing and shoving making our wait time even longer.Don't bother trying to use the "VIP free admission" passes that they give out. Our guys waited in line for nearly 3 hours with about 50 people in front of them at 9:45pm and didn't move at all. The bouncers said that they'd open the line for them if they gave the bouncers $100 (this was not including admission that they were going to have to pay later.) RIDICULOUS! They milked the line til 12am and started to let people in but telling them passes weren't valid anymore so they have to pay $50. We decided to just leave cuz we didn't want our guys to pay that much to get into a shitty club anyways.Thank God im a girl and didn't have to pay because i'd be pretty ticked off if i had to waste any money on getting into this place at all. Ladies, if you don't have a bottle service or booth then good luck trying to find a place to give your poor feet a break because the bouncers are constantly on your ass about it. I couldnt even lean on a rail near a walkway to adjust my heel straps without a bouncer telling me i couldn't stand there. There's one main dance floor that isn't even that big. The horrible music that you cant even dance to unless you're on E or something. Bartenders make disgusting drinks that don't taste anything close to what it's supposed to be. $38 for two cranberry vodkas that was poured out to us by a bitchy bartender. I will never EVER come back to this club again. I'm sad that i wasted a night in Vegas on this place. I'd rather have our group pay the same amount that we would've spent at Haze somewhere else. When i left the club i even told the bouncer it was by far one of the worse clubs that i've even been to. He responded saying 'then you're going to say that about every club in vegas then." Umm no! I've been to Vegas 3 times in the last 14 months and i've always had fun everywhere i've gone except here.
4	This is my favorite indoor night club. - 2 floors- Hot girls doing stunts on poles- Kinda foggy inside but doesn't smell like smoke (maybe that's why they call it Haze?)- Plenty of room to dance- Good musicOn a Thursday night, the crowd wasn't that fun. I'd rather come here than Tryst and Vanity because those 2 clubs don't have pole dancers..they just have the usual gogo dancers on a platform. The Friday/Saturday crowd is probably more fun but that's how it is at any club.Note: Drinks are actually slightly cheaper than Vanity. So just expect to pay Vegas prices when you come here. $8 for a Fiji is not unusual, it's standard.
4	Definently go through a promoter for this club.  Look for the ones that work there and not those outside on the strip.  For me i had an awesome time.  I was able to get in free and bypass the line.  The club was a bit small but i still had a great time.  Id def come back
2	I was expecting Haze to be good but nope... WACK!First of all, this place is super small and there were barely any places to chill and sit. They played good music but I don't know.. for some reason I wasn't really feeling it. HAHA. Uhm drinks were also really expensive. 3 drinks came out to $49. Jager Bomb alone was $20! WTF!?Thank God we didn't come here on our last night! I would've been pissed. Haha. THE END.
2	Haze nightclub was pretty fun. I mean, being able to get in on a night when Justin Timberlake was supposed to be there is amazing. Did we see him? No. Could I care less? No.There was more of a wait here (being a group of girls) than elsewhere but it was really nice once we got inside. They play more like...techno music and there are lights and lasers going pew pew pew. Just kidding, but there are lights and lasers all over the place. The dance floor is crowded and it's kind of confusing to walk all around the place just to get to the bar. The bouncers here are really strict - like... if you wandered from the table and tried to get back in, they'd catch you. If you were standing on the stairs, they'd catch you and tell you to move. If you touched the glass, they'd mention it. Not to mention they also made some pretty misogynistic comments. Other than that, everything was great. The waitresses (?) were super nice and accommodating - no complaints there.The dance floor - super crowded. Dancing on the round circular things where you barely have room to move - dangerous. Bathrooms - messy and crowded. Temperature control - Great!Actually, the only great thing about this place was the company I was with - other than that - they really made this place too small for its own good. I always felt crowded, squished, etc.
1	The only reason I give this place a star is for the pole dancer.  She was amazing.  Not only was she a talented performer but from what I can tell she genuinely enjoyed what she was doing and had a smile on the whole time.Now that I got that out of the way . . . Haze is an appropriate name for this place because you think you see something great, but the beauty of Aria and the ladies and gentlemen dressed to impress obscure the fact this is a poorly managed nightclub.I went with four lovely ladies to Haze because we had VIP Admission passes and we got word that Ne-Yo was performing.  As soon as we entered the area from the casino at about 10:40P I could feel things would not be smooth.  There was a mess of people standing around trying to figure out which of the lines to get into.  We went to the shortest line assuming that's the VIP line.  I asked about five people in line what the line was for and they said they didn't know, they were also trying to figure it out.  I went to a staff member and showed him my pass and asked where the VIP line was and he told me to go downstairs.  I went down and saw another mass of people and a line that said "general admission."  That didn't make sense so I asked another staff member and he said the passes are for general admission, and all they are for is to get in free before midnight.  Okay fine, so then why call them "VIP"?My friends and I stood in the general admission line and waited, and waited, and moved, and waited, and waited . . . for an hour to get to the point where there were five people in front of us, but there had only been about 30 people in front of us originally.  In the meantime people from the mob next to us were getting in with some printouts from I didn't know where.I went to a bouncer and the conversation when something like this:Me: Excuse me, my friends and I have been waiting for almost an hour.  When are they going to let more people from this line in?Slimy Bouncer: How many people you have with you?Me: Myself and four girls.Slimy Bouncer: Well, if you help me out I can get you all in.  What do you say?I shook my head and walked away.  A minute later he passed by us again and asked, "So, you wanna get in?" WTF?  Are you kidding?  I know bouncers take bribes to get people in quick, but, damn, could you at least have some more class about it.  Next thing I know they'll be saying "brother can you spare a dime?"  By this time it was after midnight and I wasn't going to pay the bribe on top of the regular admission that we were now going to have to pay.  I told my friends what the status was and left them to decide what to do.  I went back upstairs to the check-in table I had seen earlier and went to ask about the passes people had.  The response from one of the little snobby table girls was "You're too late, we stop giving out passes at midnight."  Okay, thanks wench, I just want to know what they are about.  I asked another snooty table girl and she said they are admission tickets to get in.  Well, what it comes down to is you have to wait in line to get a number to get into the mob downstairs and wait to get in.  And you still have to pay to get in.  Oh, and, the bouncers were only taking in ladies.While I was upstairs the group of five in front of us left and my friends got behind the magic rope.  I went back down and saw them waiting for me.  I went to the front of the line and told the bouncer I was with the group of girls by the register.  He looked at them, looked at me, then said "You're going to have to wait."  Wait for f@#king what?  Christmas?  My friends saw that something was wrong and told the bouncer next to them to have the other bouncer let me in.  Once we got to the register we of course had to pay $20 each because it was after midnight.Inside is pretty much how everyone else has described: too packed to really dance, mist all over, and ridiculously expensive drinks.  I actually liked the music, which was mostly hip-hop at the beginning and house later in the night.If you are a guy, you better find out where the poker room is before you stand in line.  I saw three groups of girls ditch their guy friends to get into the club.As for Ne-Yo, he sang three songs and promoted his new album.  Wow.
2	Everything is still a little HAZEy...x_xFrom what I remember:- Packed like a can of sardines ! (see pic)- Oakland peeps in the hizzouse ! EEK !- Giesha-guy ??!- I see 'Lisa Bear' faces everywhere !!!- MY FEET..THESE SHOES.. FML !!!- Packed like a can of sardines ! (see pic)- Oakland dude: "What's your # ?"   Typsy Me: "You Oakland guys sure work fast ! 858" - saved in the nick of time ! Thanx girls !- WARNING: Guys are not afraid to get aggressive and freaky widya ! - The walkway became the dancefloor. /FAIL- Where IS the dancefloor??! Doh ! /DOUBLE FAIL- Packed like a can of sardines ! (see pic)- /FLASH /FLASH Paparazzis everywhere !!!What can I say ?!  Us girls walked hand in hand in what seemed like a FULL CIRCLE *insert imagination here* before we decided to bail on out and hit up Tryst instead. Oh Haze, you need some major work if you want to survive in Vegas. I hate to admit it, but 'On Broadway' in Downtown, San Diego is much more tasteful and I'm so OVER that place ! Oy !
5	If you were there last weekend, you would have seen this dancing machine! Holy crap..I had so much fun and honestly I HATE VEGAS. This was my first time going to Haze. If it wasn't for my brothers (yes, plural) birthdays, I wouldn't have gone. The club itself is a little small but the music is good. I usually don't like clubs cause it's too loud and my ears start to hurt. Yes, I'm already at the age. I was pretty darn drunk but when I went to the restroom the lines weren't bad, which equates to a great night for me! I can drink enough but my bladder can't handle itPROS:SERVICE (right when someone smoked the opposite sex server would pull out a lighter. holy crap..I don't even smoke and I wanted to just to get that kind of service :)MUSICNE-YO (champagne life!)ZACH BRAFFDONALD FAISONCONS:CAN'T THINK OF ANY!HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WHOREFACES!
4	i HATE clubbing. YES I DO. but for ne-yo i change my mind.It was WAYY to crowded. BUT TOO MUCH FUN.The security there is awesome to the ladies.Everything's ridiculously priced but what's new.The dance floor is SMALL.. but for a girl who hates heels. AWESOME. this means less dancing for me LOL.If you ever choose to visit, find CHAD COLORINA. He was exceptionally awesome.
1	I hate this club. There's always a long line to get in, luckily being from Las Vegas, a lot of my friends either work in the nightclub industry or have friends that work in the nightclub industry.. so getting into the clubs isn't hard. The club is actually quite big but it always gets super crowded. The dance floor is small and is very packed. The music sucks and is a weird mixture of pop, techno and house with about 10 seconds of hip hop mixed in. The drinks are ridiculously expensive. $10 for a Corona. If you have to go here for some reason, then fine, other wise don't go and check out all of the other BETTER clubs in Las Vegas.
3	I hate clubbing but I somehow get dragged around whenever I go to Las Vegas. We went to Haze because we were staying in the Aria. Not really worth it. We walked right in because we got VIP passes (there are people handing them out like hot cakes all around the hotel) and stayed for a bit. Decent music, decent dance floor. It must have been a mid-40s convention because there were a lot of cougars dancing on the elevated platforms. So...maybe a good thing?
1	Ghetto Ghetto Ghetto!!! Avoid this place!Expensive drinks! Unfriendly bouncers! Unattractive vibe completely.Ghetto girls only and thugs lining the walls.Avoid like the plague...unless your into this....
1	First night in Vegas partying at Marquee nightclub at cosmopolitan.one of my best experiences in Clubbin' spent a great deal of money and it was all worth it..second night I went to Haze nightclub and in comparison,  well ..you can't even compare these two..waited 20 min just so I could order bottle service, while waiting I paid $20x3 for three drinks that tasted water..Bartenders were angry and unprofessional, service people and Bouncers were rude and scuffed people around (except one Anthony..really nice guy). DJ sucked and played dinosaur songs, bartenders were not even half the hot as the ones in Marquee.The set up/design and experience was just not a first class experience that you would expect for a great night out...and ironically they made it very difficult for one to actually spend money!!!!! :)The club could do much better with a more professional management!
3	Wow, I am surprise all the prior reviews are from out-of-towners! And the majority of you guys gave it a bad review... Yeek! Anyway, as a local, Haze gets three stars only because the music that night was decent. Mike Posner was supposed to make an appearance the night I went, but we stayed till 1:30am and still nothing. Anyways, it was kind of confusing to get in at first. As a local, I always ask my promoter to put my name on the guestlist so we wouldn't have to wait in line. In any other clubs, they usually have signs as to where "guestlist" wait to get in. Not at Haze. Now, I am not sure if it is because it is a fairly new club or what, but the promoters were kind of confused about what's going on, too! Bottomline with the guestlist, just get in the line at the top of the escalator. It doesn't even matter which promoter's list you are on, just wait in line and give them your name. They try to make it a big deal about whose list you are on, but nah.... They are just a bunch of posers.... The good thing about Haze is that you can check your coats, which is rare here in Vegas. The dance floor was right in front of the DJ booth, which I personally enjoy. After getting your name check off, getting in was pretty easy and quick. But this is where the positive ends...The line at the bar was somewhat impossible. We waited fifteen minutes to get our drinks. The crowd at the club was kind of iffy... Prior reviews were right - kind of ghetto. Much better-looking crowd at Wynn or Encore. If you are to party in Vegas, suck it up and pay the price. It is kind of funny yet annoying to see out-of-towners to complain about the price of drinks and cover charge, but this is Vegas! There are no clubs like the ones in Vegas. Even if you compare your local clubs to a not-so-cool club in Vegas, say, Haze...? But if I was from out of town, I'd pay the price for XS or Surrender or Tryst or even Tao if I can't get in the previous three. (Now that I am thinking, Haze probably only deserves a two-star...)
2	I have been a few times and it's just a hot mess. The first time there were lots of broken glasses on the floor that we were afraid to step on while dancing with our open toe shoes. A few fights broke out around us and several drunk girls fell off the small dancing pedestals that are located around the floor and one actually fell on my friend. She had a huge bruise on her foot for a week.. Can we say ghetto? The second time I was there, it was more of the same. I had the chance to see Tiesto when he was here and that was actually a great event, but I think because it  was private event it might have attracted a different crowd or something. All in all, it had potential, but it's just executed poorly. Not a fan of this place.
3	I noticed some people used the word "ghetto" to describe this club and some others. I wonder what that is code language for? Why don't you just say what you really mean? It's so transparent haha!Anyhoo, I went to Haze on a Friday night, we were on the guest list so didn't have to pay or wait too long. We were one of the first people in the club, so it was kind of dead for a bit. The music for the first maybe 30 minutes was house type music, but then it moved onto top 40/hip hop. I really liked the music and it got pretty crowded. I think those platforms on the dancefloor for girls to dance on takes up too much space and really makes the dance floor smaller than it needs to be. The crowd seemed fun, no problems, and I enjoyed myself. I do get the feeling that it might have been a fluke and that if I went back I may not like it as much. It seems like it's a hit or miss type club, where you go one time and you like and you go another time, and you don't like it.
2	The line to get into Haze is ridiculous. It feels really disorganized and no one will answer any of your questions. There is a guest list, but my friends who were on it said it was not the best system either. Luckily my friend who works for the club was able to move us up and into the club, but the guys still had to pay $40 for cover! Um... wow. Robbery. XS doesn't even charge the guys $40. Once you're inside, it's your typical club. There's a big dance floor with tons of lights and raised platforms to dance on. Occasionally foam spews from the ceiling! The asian clad dancers seemed really out of place and had un-enticing expression; they just looked really bored. There's also NO place to sit down - anywhere! Get a clue - girls are wearing 4''+ heels, we need a break sometimes! Drink prices are INSANE. Yes, yes I know, it's Vegas. I'm just using other Vegas clubs as a form of comparison and they don't even charge $19 for mixed drinks. I wanted a Coke at one point and it was $8!!! For a freaking soda!! XS charged me $13 for my mixed drink. I'm just sayin'...Bottom line, I should've listened to the other yelpers. I'm sorry to say that I probably won't be coming back (unless it's free).
3	I think Haze was pretty mediocre for being in one of the newest resorts in town. No view like the Palms clubs, no pools, waterfalls, or glam ambiance like the Wynn/Encore clubs. Built on 2 roomy levels, the dance floor gets quite crowded. If you get a table on the second level, you do get a lot of room and comfort though, but just no luxurious ambiance - all just dark black curtains.The service was outstanding though and all the ladies who work at the tables are very very attentive. So if you get the table and you're with good company, you'll have fun at Haze regardless. The complimentary Haze club passes are also really complimentary - yes even for guys (unless you get the ones marked complimentary for ladies/reduced admission for guys).Overall, nothing to rave about - go if you have a table or you're staying near the vicinity of the Aria - otherwise, go for XS/Surrender which have managed to stay up top, or the new Marquee at Cosmopolitan next door.
4	This place is definitely one of my favorite night clubs in Vegas, purely for the music. They have great DJs who do awesome remixes of songs.The dance floor itself is pretty small, but that just makes it easier to meet new people and dance with random strangers. =p The second floor is for tables and offers a lot more room. I've always gotten good service while up there as well. One thing I dislike about the club, is the distance from the parking garage. Ha, seems weird, I know. Clubs like XS, Surrender, Lavo, etc, are all fairly close to the parking garage. Having a long walk back to the car after a night of partying and drinking isn't really ideal.
3	Just recently came here for the first time. Got in for free & got handed a free drink ticket so that was cool.  The lines are a little unorganized, but I just asked the bouncer where to go & solved that problem.  It's a decent size inside & was pretty crowded, but it wasn't too ridiculous, I could still walk from one place to another.  It seemed like there was a ridiculous amount of guys there & not many girls, that's not really the clubs fault, but it was weird walking past the main bar & literally seeing about 50 guys & maybe 5-10 girls.  We found a bar towards the back that wasn't very crowded & we found a spot to stand away from the dancefloor, which was cool.  I always expect to pay a lot for drinks at a club, but this place was a little outrageous $20 for a SUPER weak skyy vodka drink & $10 for a budlight... that's the most I've spent on a drink at a club (besides vanity, but that drink was worth it [read review] & this one wasn't).  Overall, the place was okay, there's better clubs on the strip, but i'd go back, but I recommend table & bottle service.
3	Thursday night the club was bumping. Long, long line to get in but when you have local friends its easy to get in quickly. The best part of the club is the entertainment, FLO-RIDA made an appearance and they had a Cirque De Soleil quality pole dancer who just blew everyone away. She was amazing. I hear they constantly have talent showing up and entertaining the crowd. The staff is very friendly and the club a myriad of rooms and balconies. The music was very safe, no dub-step mixes or anything industrial. Great spot if you want the dark, pulsing dance club mood for the masses.
4	Bottle service for ~16? $$$$$$!!! The lines were ridiculous, but good thing we didn't have to wait very long. We all came for a friend's bday and they took us to a super crappy table in the dark far off corner that smelled weird. With how much they charged, were they serious?? It was terrible!! But her bf talked to the workers and managed to get a really nice table overlooking the main dance floor (pole and stage included) with plenty of sitting space and a mini dance area.The music was ok...lots of old school tunes for the old school crowd. I'm guessing a lot of 30 somethings up in there. The place was crowded to max and it was a chore to make your way to the restrooms. At least I didn't have to wait. The dancers costumes looked pretty and interesting but were too far from our table to really be appreciated. What made the night was John Legend coming out to perform 2 songs for his bday!!! I love him. We got a pretty good view, too!! The bottle servers kept the area clean, danced with you if you wanted them to, but kept walking back and forth which got a little annoying. Another annoying thing was the people upstairs were spilling their drinks every now and then on the dance area below. I wish there was a small overhang to protect us in case someone had dropped their glass cup completely!! This place is decent, but it's not my top choice in clubs. But I would come back for John Legend. :]
3	This was our 2nd time coming to this club. We're running out of clubs to check out but since our friends wanted to come here, we decided to tag along for more company. The go-go dancers put on a nice show. Esp this one that was totally working the pole. We even got to see a special guest called Chris Willis perform Love is Gone and Getting Over you by David Guetta.There's this area where there's ladies behind the glass of the walls sitting there looking good. Which was cool. Music was good. I can't remember much though haha. I need to stop drinking so much....
3	Lines were totally ridiculous, unless you have a hook up.  The time i went I had a lot of fun, I guess because i was with friends a good mix of girls and guys. the go-go dancers were fun to watch as well.
4	Haze has it's good and bad like every night club in Las Vegas. The good thing about Haze is that it's ridiculously big. The dance floor isn't that big but at least when you walk around your not bumping into everyone to get through the other side of the club. A plus for me is that there is more than one bathroom! Say what? Since us ladies always have to wait for a stall (I have no idea why we use the bathroom a lot). But anyway, if the one downstairs has a long line there is one upstairs, which people I think don't know about. As for the line, we didn't really have to wait because we showed up around 11 and there wasn't a long line, plus it was free for us girls (the benefits of being a lady). However, don't worry fellas because they charge like $20-$30 depending if there is any performances then they charge a grip.
1	Honestly this is one of the worst clubs i have EVER been to, i went the other night with 7 of my girlfriends., we showed up around 130am.. and were all locals,  and we all work in the industry. they tried to charge us $20 a girl. i know what that means, they were going to pocket it. anyways after raising hell we all walked in, it was so ghetto, the DJ was playing music from 2 years ago, you cant stand in one place more then 5 seconds without security on your ass telling you to move, and the club promoters are total tools. walking up to tables and getting wasted off of other peoples drinks, to say the least it was a shit place. never again. go to the pamls or other hotels.
1	Please kill whoever staffed this place. I've lived in Scottsdale, so I'm no stranger to the scrutinizing of kicks by chubby short dudes in cheap suits. However, that doesn't mean I'm not tired of it. My shoes were fine to get into the club actually - I was wearing worn out Monkey Boots from 1990. I was handsome and dressed pretty sharp and stylish. My presence could only improve the ambiance of this joint. One of the guys I was with had some nice plain white leather tennis shoes on that probably cost 3x as much as mine did when I bought them. He was denied entry. This means we were all denied entry.Also, the fact that they allow people in who wear bedazzled t-shirts and who have never heard of toothpaste or deodorant makes my head spin. The main problem I had with this place was with the bouncers who wouldn't let us in to look around... We were guests of the hotel and we couldn't get in. The first time we tried, one of us had the wrong shoes on... we went on with our night and had a good time and spent our money elsewhere. Later that evening, two of us wearing the right type of shoe tried to get in... it was the end of their night and there was no line and people were filing out, but things were still going on and they were still letting people in. We wandered up to the rope/fence that had no obvious entry point and got ignored. Nobody was manning the station either. It was just a few poorly dressed bouncers standing around a podium chatting and ignoring us.My friend waved at them and then stepped over a spot where the rope was touching the ground to go talk to them and ask if we could get in to check the place out. We even identified ourselves as hotel guests and flashed our keys. At that point, one of the bouncers got all serious about his job/status and threatened to get physically violent with the both of us if we didn't leave the area. Seriously? That's how you treat guests of the hotel? We left without an eyeful of nightclub - we left with only an interesting topic of conversation for our elevator ride up to the room. In the morning, after checkout, we wandered up to the front of the nightclub and asked a nice woman if we could take a peek inside. She gave us a quickie 2 minute tour of the first floor - the club looked like a weathered old cargo ship. Shit was held together with duct tape. To be fair, they were reupholstering parts of it - and to their credit, the layout of the place seemed somewhat interesting.On an off-night, I'm sure a good time could be had here - in spite of the staff trying their best to thwart such a thing. I won't be visiting this club on any of my future visits, and I will be sure to let everyone know to avoid it. For a good time, head to the Chandelier bar just down the street.
3	I don't remember this place as being that great, it was pretty average. The night I went was really busy and there wasn't much room for dancing. The interior slightly reminded me of a rave, and the crowd was older than usual (which I didn't really notice at the time but once I saw pictures, it was obvious).
3	My girls and I went to Haze on a Saturday night after we met a promoter who promised he'd take care of us that night.We arrived at Aria and called Caleb, our promoter friend, and he directed us to the proper line on the upper level.  It took a while to get through this line, but after seeing the general admission line I'm happy we went through Caleb.  After getting through, we took the escalator down to the lower level where the entrance to Haze is located, and where the GA line is located.We made our way to the front with our "VIP" passes (really just a slip of paper that allows us to get in before the GA line.People are right, Haze is definitely on the small side for a Vegas club.  The dance floor is small and there is a lot of VIP seating if you're into that sort of thing.The DJ the night we went was awesome.  Every other song my friends and I said "OMG I love this song!" but it's all the good songs from high school and college.  Drinks are usual Vegas expensive ($8 for bottled water, $14 for vodka/tonic).  Bathrooms are fine too.What made the night even better (other than the DJ) was this pole dancer.  She came onto the (tiny) stage and performed for us.  This woman was amazing!  I really understand now why pole dancing is a popular exercise class for women.  She was obviously very strong and talented, and if I ever go to a ho-hum strip club somewhere in SF, I'm sure I will be disappointed after seeing this lady's mad skills.Caleb also told us about a table in the back where we could pay $5 and get unlimited drinks all night, but we had had enough in our hotel room so we thanked him but didn't take him up on the offer.When you're with your friends and you're really enjoying the music, you can't complain too much, except to get some more space to get your groove on w/o elbowing someone in the face.
2	The club itself is impressive but the horridly run front and security are RIDICULOUS and will try to ruin your night before you get in.We had a table and it took them a good 30 minutes to let me in. When I had to leave and go IMMEDIATELY back in, they still made me wait in the non-existent, imaginary line (read ignored me while i stood behind a rope) 20 minutes even tho they recognized that i had just gotten out and beg for a new ticket even showing my re-entry stamp
2	I've been here three times and I've finally made a decision about this place: it's ok. The dance floor is soo crowded that I wouldnt recommend this club unless you have a table. The music is hit or miss, and its soooo loud!!! Drinks are ridiculously expensive, even for vegas. 3 vodka redbulls (in small glasses) is $57!! and the bartender will check the tip before giving you your drinks, real classy!
2	HAZE was a pretty awful club. I went with a group of nine girls and myself, for my girl's birthday. We didn't have to wait in line too long since one of the girls in our party had us on the guest-list but I still got charged an insane $40 entry amount. My ticket said "discounted male." How much did a male that wasn't discounted have to pay?Whatever, I said. I figured since I had such a good time at XS the previous night, that if I had a good time here again, I wouldn't be concerned about the price too much anymore. After we got inside, the girls left me by myself to get some kind of ticket because they were giving out free drinks for ladies. They came back empty-handed and while they were gone, I got a couple of free drinks from one of the bartenders who apparently was having a bad day. Amusing. That's what happens when you leave me alone. Little did I know that these drinks cost $17 each as I found out when other people in my party bought a couple of drinks. Why is everything so expensive here? And speaking of the drinks, no one felt anything from those heavily iced up drinks. With all this money that they're seemingly making, you would think they would have a decent dance floor and a respectable DJ. No, you're left with a tiny-ass dance floor and a DJ that plays Pitbull four times in a sequence of six songs. There were several moments where most of the dance floor would awkwardly stand around since the music was almost impossible to dance to. A few girls got frustrated and went back to our hotel pretty early into the outing and the rest of us stayed for a couple of hours more before getting frustrated as well. Note: AT&T cell phone reception sucks here for some reason. I never lost service anywhere aside from this place. Stay close to people you'd like to be with throughout the evening or else you're most likely going to lose them in this overcrowded club. Seriously, do yourself a favor and head to XS instead, or definitely somewhere else.
3	I had a blast at this place.  Here is what I did to avoid the line:  We got there at 9:45 with our VIP free admission passes.  There wasnt much of a line so we went right in, turned around got our stamp and left.  Then, when we came back at 12:30 we got to cut the line to re-enter.  Pretty sweet deal.  Also, the drinks here are way to expensive, but they had shot girls walking around working for tips, which meant free shots (although they were really weak). I kept hearing about how awesome the light show was at this club.  To be honest, I was a little disappointed with the clubs atmosphere and decor, but hey, the night we went, we got to see Cee Lo perform, and there was an awesome pole dancing show before that, so it was all good.  And free.   Being a guy, I can't really complain.On a side note, the bartenders arent really the best.  They lost my credit card, and I had to go back to the aria the next day, and wait for them to find it.  I guess they filed it under the wrong name or something.
2	is this a new club? Because it sure does not look like it. I thought aria would of upped their game a bit since their hotel & whole city center is so extravagant that they would for sure have a gorgeous club!....but NO. all I remember about this club is, its super dark has 2 floors, a very tiny dance floor, & the fake fog machine blows like every 5 minutes & makes it all hazy inside & hard to see. Maybe that's why they call it HAZE. But def not one of my fav clubs in vegas & not worth going to.But...ladies, to attract more ppl to the club, they always let you in free before 11, & often times pass out1 free drink voucher.
4	Came here on a Thursday night at 12:30am. It was busy and we still got in for free with some sort of guestlist. Venue: Place is pretty nice, decent amount of space. It was pretty easy to get drinks at the bar, although the prices seemed a bit higher than usual. I remember getting charged $15 for a shot of Crown (that I didn't even order)Music: Pretty good I think. It was hip-hop/top-40 and some house. that's all I can say since I wasn't too sober most of the night. Sound was pretty good, although the bass on the middle of the floor was kinda crazyOther: The pole dancers they had were pretty amazing. Very talented ladies, I was impressed
2	$42 for 3 shots of absolut?!? Not including the tip? Are you kidding me?
4	to be honest.. i don't remember much of this night. perhaps it was the free drinks we got from being hooked up with an amazing promoter, david evans.got VIP entrance, in for free...drank all night (as promised). dont you just love when a promoter actually sticks to his word? ps: if any ladies here want this guy's number to get in VIP -- send over a message. he hooked us up BIG time during our stay in vegas, so i'd love to help this guy out.anyway, back to the venue..yes, it is on the 'smaller side', but who cares? the music was amazing, the dancers were HOT, and the people were beautiful. what else can you ask for?
3	because we were staying in aria we came to haze.  the promoter was really quick about getting us in and there was no hassle.  inside, its basically a three-level box.  no outdoor areas etc.  its hard to compare places to xs because xs is so big and has so much but it wasnt like we had a bad time at haze.  its just different.
4	What's with the overall low ratings with this place?! I came here for Karmaloop + Crooks&Castles/ Hennessy Black party during Magic week! Awesome DJ, who played a sick mix of all my favorite old and new hip hop songs! Don't get me wrong, I love house music, but sometimes I just need a strictly hip-hop music night. I just wish i remembered who the DJ was... Also had a table with friends from Karmaloop right next to the Jabbawockeez performing, so that was a nice touch!
1	Had free drinks, hip hop music, and free cover, so one would expect I had a great time. Wrong.Crowded. Pushy crowd. Rude girls. Crappy service. Weird guys. Ugh, what a waste of two hours in Vegas.Go to Tryst, XS, or Marquee.
4	I liked Haze although it's not my fav nightclub to go to in Vegas. Being inside the Aria, it's one of the newest clubs in Vegas. It's pretty spacious though it does get really crowded. I like the fact that it has two levels, but if you're on the bottom level with the dance floor, it's going to be super crowded and hard to get around. Fortunately, we had a VIP table upstairs on the 2nd level, where it's nice and secluded and has a very good view of the go go dancers/performers and dance floor below you. The waitresses working at the tables are very attractive and attentive as well. I would definitely recommend coming here if you're planning to put down $$$$ for bottle service. If not I think XS/Surrender is still more fun.
1	oh my gosh.... so not worth it! we went here on a sat night and had "vip" which is nothing special, just a card to get you in for free. we still had to wait in line for an hour! once we got in i thought we were in a dungeon! it was pretty much underground, no windows no view, nothing. the staff was rude and unfriendly. there was NO ROOM in this place! everyone is crowded to the bar and shoulder to shoulder, no place to sit, nothin. after ONE drink we decided to leave, not to mention this place was WAY over priced... we left and went to margaritaville and had a MUCH better time! yep, thats right!
3	The place and atmosphere of the place is decent.  As the name applies, there is a perpetual haze emitted from the fake fog machines around.  I guess that's good, because the people that come here are...well, let's just say that people look better behind the fog.  And that's my main problem, the people.  With promoters trying to recruit everyone to come in, there are some undesirables.  For example, I saw a person in a wheelchair and a person with crutches come in.  I'm not discriminating against the handi-capable, it was just a bit surprising to see some at a club.  Then the old people.  You can't really do salsa-like moves while Lil. John is playing...  Or the people who dressed tacky or wayyy too casual.If they had some kind of enforcement of the type of people that come, the place would be so much better.
3	Club Haze, not too steep cover. No problem getting in as long as you're well dressed. Serious dancing, of course ridiculously loud music, beautiful people, expensive drinks. Downstairs in the Aria, even better. Quick and attentive bar service, multi levels, with seating around the main dance floor, a nice mid chest high counter in between the dancing and the bar to keep the two separated. As long as you aren't causing trouble, no site of the bouncers. Definitely worth checking out for an evening of clubbing or at least one stop on the journey. It was completely acceptable, not sure about all the negativity, I think Haze is about standard for most clubs anywhere. DJ was decent and we had an decent time.
1	Haze night club, is by far the worst club I have ever gone to. I live near scottsdale and would gladly pay one of those clubs $40  to get in rather then Haze. The staff is completely horrible, and if you think cause it is your birthday or special occasion they will be nice to you...think again. If after all these bad reviews you still want to check out Haze, by all means go for it, but if you get one person at the door tell you to wait or if one of them is rude, I wouldn't waste your time cause you will spend hours waiting and you may just waste your entire night..  The only VIP at Haze night club are the employees that work there. No one else will every be VIP in their eyes. So drop that VIP pass and go find another.
1	HIGHLIGHT: the bill holders that light up when opened so you know what you are writing and how much you are getting ripped off for a drink so i've been here twice and both times they were pretty horrible... i read the review below about it being great if you didn't have to wait in line and etc, but this time around i got that and it was still horrible!! first off: the bf and i came with my bestie and her gf so we got in for free and "technically" my bf was suppose to pay 40, but when we had gotten to aria me and the bf got vip line pass and no cover. when the lady that was checking us in saw that and asked for them and gave him a white slip that said 1 @ 40 so we were like WTF? luckily i had one of them tucked away in my clutch....suckasssssssecond: the girls got in thinking we had open bar until midnight, but when we got to the front of the line, the promoter was passing out these "Good for ONE DRINK" cards and he said come back if you want more. This is the LAMEST open bars that i've seen.....then when we went back for more cards cause i was definitely not feeling the ONE drink i had the bouncer told us we had to EXIT the club and RE-ENTER to get ANOTHER card?!?!?! how lame is that!!!!!!!! definitely lame!! third: the dance floor is a bean shaped crowded piece of shizz!!! they have the areas roped off because of table service, which i haven't seen many other clubs do!! and seriously if you want to have a good club give people more dancing space and more room for you to let in more people FOURTH: thank goodness they changed this already, but the first time i came after waiting an hour in line i had to walk down some long ass hallway before passing through one bar and sitting area before i could get to the dance floor.... save yourself the time... go to your room and drink and crank up the music...its much more fun
3	I was walking back to the MGM Grand from the Cosmopolitan when I crossed paths with a group of 5 or 6 twenty something young ladies.  After chatting for awhile they asked for a club recommendation.  Since we were right outside Aria, I suggested Haze even though I had a bad experience the last time I tried to go there.  As I was about to leave, they insisted I go with them. Who am I to say no in a situation like this?  So off we went.This time I walked right in with my young female friends.  Once I got in it actually was an ok club. A nice mix of music, good service and it actually was fairly wheelchair friendly, with lots of ramps leading to the different levels. I had good time for a few hours, but eventually my 49 year old body was sending signals to my brain to give up and go home.  I Obeyed!
4	Music is on HIT, venue not so much. Long wait in line and especially when you are with someone who is gassing you up. LOL. Real talk, get there early and just know that this place gets packed. Wish the venue had a better layout but the music and peeps were cool.
2	For a brand new, upscale hotel like the Aria to open a POS club like this amazes me. Did they not see epic-ness going on at the Wynn/Encore? Maze features a bunch of space and a decent crowd but it is very unimpressive and lacks vision and creativity. Very disappointed in the caliber of this place but kudos for the nightclub security for taking care of our table.
1	Manager "You take care of me and I take care of you".. WTF, I'm already paying your salary with the rip off $40 entrance fee and you're begging me for money? Total rip off, Haze is just a bar with a small dance floor.  They have a sleazy "free pass" that is only good until 12.. but only good if you get in before 12, so if you get there at 11 they will purposely make you wait in line for AN HOUR and have the audacity to demand you pay $40. Power tripping attitude from manager, the only time girls talk to this guy is when he's being used as a tool letting them in, that somehow translates into macho attitude and results in horrible service.  Skip this place, take it from me, you aren't missing anything, places like this give Vegas a bad name.
5	I don't know what all the fuss is about. This place was the shiiit!! Was just there April 2nd. Great music!! Great dance floor!! Awesome lighting!! Great drinks!!I would soo go here again!
2	HAZE needs to rid their lousy promotions group - the Light Group. They are a bunch of frauds and without them; it would probably bump up their rating by another two stars. The VIP areas are lame. It looks and feels like an area for herded cats. The music, however, was cool.
3	Great music, typical nightclub however they had some awesome chandeliers that made the club look better.  The girls chilling in the glass rooms by themselves was a little odd.  Interesting but odd.  One  thing my girl and I noticed was how many dirty guys there were running around grabbing and groping girls.  Her friend got groped and I had to stop the same guy from doing it again.  He looked like a retarded version of Fonzworth Bentley...  Anyhow, way too many perverted douchebags so we're probably not going to come back here again.
4	.., We had a great time here. My gf Diane, along w/ our friends Julie & Len came here this past wkend. If it weren't for Julie's connections, I'd probably skip this club due to the prices. I don't usually club too much these days, but when you're in Vegas, it's a must! It was a $30 cover for the fellas & I believe $20 for the ladies that night. R&B artist Mya was going to perform that night was well. We had VIP status so waltzed right in passed the long lines. The inside set up is nice, go-go dancers, waitresses passing out free shots, cool little dance floor, & good music. Drinks were a bit pricy though, we paid $7 for a coke! No rum or anything, just coke. My dirty martini was $19. I know I know, it's Vegas. Just a little shell shocked, it's been a minute. We wanted to see Mya perform but it got packed pretty fast. The dancefloor was really crowded & got uncomfortable, so we took off for some steak & eggs/gambling back @ our hotel haha. Good times though, check em' out!
4	Awesome new club at the Aria Hotel, that my bf, friends and I got hooked up at thanks to my friend Julie and her cousins.  It's a trendy hip spot and the dance floor can get crowded fast but definitely this is the spot if you're looking for a good time.  We had a blast and the drinks for us girls were free so I can't complain.  There were also servers walking around with trays of free shots (not strong) and you just have to tip if you wanna take one.  Normally, its $20 cover for girls and $30 for guys and the drinks are pricey (an effing martini is $19) so make sure you know someone who can get you in ;)There are also artists that perform there once in a while and Mya was suppose to sing that night but our tummies stopped us from patiently waiting till 2am for her to perform as we were hunnngrrry!  Sorry Mya!  I'm sure you were good!Thanks for a good time Haze, until next time.
2	Hit up Haze on  Friday night with some girlfriends. We had a connection so we didn't have to wait in line really and got in free. This place seemed like your standard LV club. Loud, dark..crowded. Drinks were insane though. $42 for 3 Wet Pussy shots. What a joke. Dance floor is so akwardly shaped and small, it was hard to get down...hell it was hard to get down without a buzz too. Not to mention that most of the guys here were douches. I can only be crotch grinded from behind so many times...the dudes at Haze were like cave men, picking out their prey from the top balconies, then coming down to the dance floor to rub their True Religion crotches on our backs. Step off bro's.  The music was a big downer to me. I came to get down...not to dance to 2Pac's California Love. Come on now...
3	Hot girls performing on stage, hollaaaaaaaaaa!! ^_~Two floors and not very big but a decent size, it gets super super packed by the stage because HOT GIRLS are performing throughout the night. The music was a good mixture between hiphop and house, which helps me come to the conclusion that Haze has the best music I've ever heard in a club in Vegas. Well, if that's the case then why 3 stars? The size of this place kinda bugged me, you couldn't walk anywhere without elbowing someone in the ribs or getting elbowed in the ribs yourself (my number one pet peeve). GOOD music, mediocre sized club. 3.5 STARS!
4	This was my favorite one. Pretty spacious dance floor with girls walking around with shots on a tray and girls dancing on stage. Great selection of music. Only down fall was that drinks were super expensive and water was eight bucks a bottle... but really... it's vegas...
3	Haze is in the newest LV club in the ARIA hotel, which is exquisite and modern! This club has a fairly long line, but you can get through faster if you're on the guestlist or have a table (obviously). Inside it's flashy and shiny. I feel like I'm in a rave with those bright, colorful laser lights and LOUD music! I had a good time at this place, but one big issue I had was the shape of the dancefloor that made it very cramped and awkward to get around. The club inside was pretty sweaty and crowded too. But if you need a break, you can dance and look down from the second floor (also great if you want to see the performer better, if there is one during that night). You'll also see hot dancers all over the place! There's a mixed crowd, but mostly young from what I saw. I didn't get any drinks there, so I've got no comments about the bar, sorry!In the middle of the night, I looked over and there was a giant robot in mid-air dancing with us. I didn't know if my beer goggles were in full effect  and causing this perceived delusion or not.. but the robot was real! Pretty exciting and funny actually, except for the people that got pushed around or knocked over like dominoes. A+ for creativity, but C for execution. Not a good idea to have a robot in flight around drunk people... haha.Haze is a modern club with good music and fun-lit atmosphere. I had a good time there and that's what counts!
2	Met a guy named Kortnei on the strip and he told us the ladies could get in free and the guys would have to pay 20 but, there would be free drinks from 10-1130.  We arrived at 10, and were greeted with VIP passes and the ladies were escorted upstairs.  Myself and 4 other male buddies went down stairs with our VIP passes and were told to stand in the General Admission line.  When we showed our passes they laughed and told us we were in the right line, and we were NOT on the guest list!!  Then, we were told that the entry was $30, and we could not get in for 40-45 minutes.  (After the free drinks).  But, the bouncer offered to get us in with a "Fast Pass" for another $20, so it was $50 per person to get in.  We all left disgusted!  Not for the $50, to get in which we gladly would have paid because we were there to party.  It was just the bait and switch, SHADINESS that went down.  I gave 2 stars becuse the resort is nice and we salvaged our night at the Deuce Lounge.
2	This place charges $8.00 FOR WATER.  They refused to give me tap water AND they gave me a small Fiji water for 8 bucks.  I thought water was my right as a human being?The only reason they get a second star is because Andrew Keegan was at the club the night I went.  Not that I am a huge fan girl or anything, it just reminded me how awesome the 90's were.
1	My friend and I got stopped by some guy (Josh?) on the street who worked at HAZE and told us he could get us free entry and free drinks etc...so we turned up (mainly because he told us 'he was a big deal' and we felt a bit sorry for him. I had no idea anyone used that phrase in real life). Got in free but the free drinks turned out to be a massive LIE. We kept getting told to go to the promoter's table to get drink vouchers (only to be told by a sympathetic bouncer that that we'd been fleeced and there was no such thing). Eventually we were told that all the drinks vouchers were gone and we should have got there ridiculously early (which was not pointed out to us - obviously). So I thought I'd get some water - err...should have read Yelp beforehand - $8??!?? HOW MUCH??? Did you have to go to Fiji to get that tiny little bottle???Dancefloor was tiny and cramped, kinda lame music...Luckily we ran into some cool people and took the party somewhere else (that's a whole other story).I guess this is just how Vegas is. The moral of the story is either get there very very early or apparently dress in very small outfits so men will buy you drinks and grope your bum. Neither of which sound appealing to me...
2	Boo!! Definitely on a different caliber then other Vegas clubs I've been to. And not in a good way. It's at the new Hotel Aria, so you would think it would be this new, hip spot. Wrong.Small dance floor, rude staff, and the club just seemed.small and compact. The only good thing was this crazy buff girl doing unbelievable moves on her pole! The music was ok, I just hate DJ's that do those mixes that only play blurbs of a song. Like, you're feeling it then all of a sudden it mixes into another song!! Just takes the buzz away sometimes.The staff needs to take it more easy with the guests especially if you're charging $20 girls and $40 for guys on Saturday nights! Good thing I grabbed this VIP card I saw on the ground and saved us $30!! They give them out so keep you're eye out when waiting in line. The line went fast and that's a good thing. But definitely will not try this place out again unless they make significant changes. I knew I should've relied on my fellow yelpers, no wonder it only has a few stars. But when you're group wants to check a place out, that are not yelpers they don't care where you go.
4	Went there twice with my two girlfriends; on a Thurs night and Fri night. Had soooooooooo much fun! The club promotor guy outside got us in free, no wait, and hooked us up with drinks all night. Didn't pay for a single thing....err didn't even know there was a cover..?The place is kinda small; I think there a two levels, with the dance floor on the lower level. The dance floor had a raised stage thing where you could dance, and every so often the girls would come do some crazy stunts on the pole. Hotness! Music was good all night, and we liked the vibe in there. We just wanted to dance the night away and that's what we did :)We met some cute guys there too both nights. Def had an awesome time!
3	i've been to many clubs throughout vegas and HAZE is okay at best. the dance floor has two and a half stages on right in the middle of it all for girls to dance on (the bouncers will not hesitate to literally yank you off if you are a dude). so with all the room taken up - dance floor space for everyone else is rather small. the lighting is a trip - kinda leaves you like your walking around in a haze! 3 shots of vodka will set u back $56 but the bartenders are so hot - you can't help but to tip 20%. the bar area is a bit tough to navigate around due to the compact size of the place and so many people standing around. best part of the night is when the pole dancer comes out - stops everything and everyone from dancing to gaze in amazement at the things that girl does on the pole.and this past time that i went - it was a sausage fest - i'm sure it had something to do with the fact that it was the Pacqiuao/Mosely fight weekend. but damn - so unless you like dancing by urself, with a bunch of other guys around you. this isn't the spot for you.
1	Asshole bouncers, ugly patrons, bad music, expensive cover, pricey drinks, but hey, you can get in.  I'd rather sit at the slots an or play bingo with the blue hairs.Don't watse your time or money.
2	If I wanted to go to a club like this I would've just drove to San Jose.. FOR REALS.
4	this place is RiDICULOUS! I've been to a my share of night clubs... this one takes the cake.... F#CKING RIDIC!!anyway Place is expensive.. 50 for 2 vodka redbulls BUT... Youre in vegas.... what can I say..... ENJOY!
3	Cool club. Pricey drinks. If your staying at the Aria you can get in the guestlist for free.
4	I'm surprised that Haze got such poor reviews! I had a really great time here for my friend's bachelorette party, but admittedly a lot of it was the company.First, we got to completely bypass the line thanks to some great planning on the part of the party organizer. Second, we got free drink coupons so that was another big plus. Third and possibly most importantly, I wore comfortable shoes so I was able to dance all night  and actually have FUN instead of thinking about how much my feet hurt and wondering if I would ever regain feeling in my toes. I also thought the dancers were kind of cool. As someone who has no upper body strength, I was just impressed by the girls' ability to climb the pole and also do the acrobatic stuff. Oh yeah, they were pretty hot too. The dance floor was decent sized and the crowd was fun and friendly. I don't club a lot, but if I did, I would come back to Haze.
1	This club was not worth it! The bouncers are ridiculously rude to guys. They give guys a hard time getting in the club. They're unorganized and act like douche bags! Do not go go there if you don't want to stress about getting inside a club with your guy friends.
5	This night club was very fun! Table service was great, the staff & door were friendly.  The music, vibe, decor, service, was all great! If you want to go out to a cool club, this is def. the place to go!
3	I went to HAZE last summer and it was okay. I wouldn't ever want to go back though. If you don't have a table at HAZE I would suggest not going. There is no where to sit for people without tables. The dance floor is extremely crowded and me and my girls were constantly getting bumped around. The bouncer saw this and he was such a sweetheart and let the three of us come on the other side of the rope where the tables were, which was amazing. We had enough room to dance without getting pushed over. So in conclusion, it's an okay spot but def not my first choice.
5	HAZE exceeded my expectations in every way. We got in the "average person with no table reservations or VIP hookup" line at 10:30 on a Friday night, and were in within 15 minutes. And they even gave me a free drink card. I loved the atmosphere. I liked the multiple levels; great scene. The dancers were beautiful (although a little uninspired). I liked how there were platforms on the dance floor for the ladies. The music was excellent; a nice mix of today's hits plus some awesome old school hits (like "Regulate" by Nate G). I found the crowd to be surprisingly cool and unpretentious. And not overly crowded like some other clubs I've been to. Plus, we were able to quickly get a drink, even late in the evening.Oh, but the best part -- the bathrooms. Even after being in the club for an hour, I was able to walk  into the ladies bathroom and immediately find a stall. Amazing! No bathroom lines?! In a big nightclub?! Thank you, HAZE designers. Finally! My boyfriend and I had a great night!!!
1	We went to HAZE nightclub on a Saturday night (we're two gay guys - we were meeting a friend there (who's a girl)). Girls get in free and guys pay  $40/each. We're already slightly annoyed by this. Our friend was at the front of the line and told us she had our tickets, so we went to meet her (if they didn't want us to "cut" the line, we would've been fine with just getting our tickets and going to the back of the line). We started heading toward the front and a bouncer stopped us and immediately copped a shitty attitude: "hi, do me a favor. go to the back of the line." "our friend is up there and she has our passes - can we just grab them from her before she goes in?" "no, get to the back of the line. now." so we go to another bouncer and tell him what we wanted to do and he said "sure" and let us through, but sure enough, asshole stopped us again and told us "don't try to override me, get to the back of the line." Now comes the interesting part: a minute later the asshole bouncer comes up and says "listen, the only way you're going to get in is if you take care of a host." At first I thought I'd been transported into "The Godfather" and he was asking us to kill a waiter, but I quickly realized he was telling us we needed to bribe our way to the front of the line. We said okay, since otherwise we weren't going to be able to get in and meet our friend, so a minute later a "host" comes up. We slip him a $20 and he says "it's usually more like $20 a person" - I gave him another $10 and he let us in (he was actually fairly friendly, so no digs at him). We get to the cashier at the entrance to the club and we're told that our "passes" are actually just $10 off, so that was another $60 for the two of us to enter the club (we're up to $90 just to get in to the fucking place at this point, for two GAY guys - please, we make your club look good - you think your straight clientele can dance like we do?)Anyway, the club was pretty nice inside, with a decent dance floor. Fast forward a couple drinks later. One of us got up on a dance platform and was told about 10 minutes later by a bouncer that the platform was for girls only. Fine, whatever. Danced some more, left around 1AM. Maybe we're biased because we're used to gay clubs in West Hollywood and they're all pretty awesome compared to cheesy Las Vegas bullshit, but whatever, it was an experience I guess.My advice: if you're a girl, go in a group. If you're a guy, go elsewhere. If you're a gay guy, go to Krave; it's right across the street.
4	3.5 stars.  Not bad not bad.Like everyone else, my big group was on a guest list and we surprisingly got in pretty quick.  The promoter even told the girls in our group exactly who to go to for free drink tickets and everything he said was true!  As a result, my entire group was pretty plastered at one point due to the endless free alcohol.  The decor and vibe of the whole joint was pretty effing nice.  There wasn't enough variety in the music for me, but it appeared that most people were enjoying it.  It was crowded but not sardine status.  The bouncers did a good job of not letting every single person in the world in.  The bathrooms were nice and clean.  It was nice to use a urinal and not walk out w/ sticky shoes for once, so thank you guys for not pissing all over the floor, or thank you staff for cleaning it up before I got to the urinal.Would I come back again?  Maybe, but probably only w/ a big group of friends.  Overall a decent Vegas club.
2	Went on a Saturday night.  Huge line!  Was VIP and still had to wait 45 minutes.  After all that I left in 15 minutes.Bouncers/staff were professional.  Line cutters were promptly sent packing.The ratio was almost 2 girls for every guy when I went.But the wait is just tooooo long.  I'd give it another shot though.
4	Me and my friend hopped off the plane and checked in got alil drank on and headed out to HAZE even tho we were suppose to go to Surrender for the Dip and Dance we figured we could go there another night...Good decision...We get there at like midnight looking friggin amazing and BOOM BOOM POW we see the line ummmm no so i asked the guy can we just go right in and i gave him a $20 for me and my girl and we were in there like swimwear.... This place is nice, I tried to find this bartender named Danielle but she wasnt there that night so we started dancing....Some sexy European bought me and my friend a drink and we started dancing again. The go go girls were amazing so pretty and entertaining so THUMBS UP HAZE!!! After that we ended up in VIP popping champagne and stuff so it ended quite amazing ;) haze is a Top 40/lil EDM/ Hip Hop kinda spot....I personally loved it and so did my vegas virgin so if thats what you like and you are a musichead you might like this place
5	Giving this nightclub a bad rating because of how hard it is to get in and how long the lines are is just plain stupid. You just need to know the right people in the right places ;) $20 million dollar nightclub. Very sweet and appealing atmosphere. The design is amazing and the whole concept of Lights Sound & Video effects is completely makes this nightclub one of the top on my list. The decorations are amazing and its multi-level. The djs are awesome and play a variety of music that ranges from old school hiphop to electro house. Crowd is very appealing a lot of more girls than guys thats for sure. The drinks aren't cheap, but its vegas common now.Definitely a place i would go back to.
3	Went to Haze on a Thursday because a friend of mine had a hook-up there. There were about 15 of us total. We didn't have to pay a cover and bypassed the line. She got us a table right on the dance floor. We had to buy bottles which was fine because we were a large group. As the other reviewers mentioned, drinks are expensive (of course that is the case for just about any nightclub in Vegas) and if you can hold your own like I can, you'll be broke before you're drunk!. The music/lighting that night was AMAZING. Wow! Everyone was super into the music and feeling great! I think there were a variety of reasons why this ended up being an amazing night - being hooked-up, no line, cool party people, and the table right next to the dance floor that was roped off and gave us a ton of room to dance.The few times we ventured beyond the velvet ropes of our table onto the dance floor, we were shoulder to shoulder with people and there was really no room to dance. It was pretty packed and it was a total sausage fest. I see why they charge guys so much to get into Vegas clubs. They need to find some way to get hot girls there! I think if we didn't have a table and a place to sit and dance our experience would have been much different and we probably wouldn't have stayed very long. Overall, we had an amazing time but only because of the table, the amazing music and awesome friends. So if you decide to go to Haze, be sure to get a table!
5	This is a great club, me and my girl got to see a bad ass pole preformer and wyclef jean also preformed. The line was ok for a vegas nightclub, drinks were pretty good. And the second floor was perfect view for the preformance.
5	does anyone have a contact to get in for free at Haze... its all ladies :) i"d greatly appreciate it
4	My friends and I were in Vegas for the Fourth of July weekend and went to Haze one of the nights despite the not so great reviews we heard about the place.  But we were able to bypass the line and got in for free through a friend so we decided to just go to Haze anyway.  And I must say, it was super FUN.  We had a table right by the dance floor so my friends and I were drinking to our hearts content.  Afterwards we moved to the dance floor and danced for HOURS on the mini stage in the center.  And to make the night even better, Wyclef Jean came out to perform and we were literally 7 ft or so from him.  and we were on the stage so we had like the perfect view. Wyclef was freaking AMAZING.  He performed a number of songs and I had a blast.So thumbs up for Haze for me based on my experience.
2	The music was good, but it felt too much like LA...aka unglamorous...and glamorousness is what we went to Vegas for
1	I would never come here again if they paid to or offered me a comp table!!! Apparently even knowing "the right people" doesn't impress the cocky bouncers. I came here one night with my best friend and were quite excited to try this place out and seeing there was no line well we thought we were in luck......WRONG! he had us wait for over 15 min (to build a line for the deserted looking club) after they had built a small crowd, he took a large group of GUYS BEHIND US! even after showing him my business card not only did he not take me right away but he replied with "you still have to pay 40 dollars". this is by far the worst club I've ever been to!
2	Not worth the waiting,and they let our girls in first.Pretentious bastards!
1	Hate is a strong word...and I typically don't use it. Well....I Hate this place.  No problems getting in...but once inside...I really was disappointed I wasted part of my life coming here.  I really tried to have a great time.  Ok..so I did come here in 2010...and I actually opened my yelp account just to review it!!! Just never got around to it....but since I am getting into my Vegas reviews...I thought...hey why not? David Guetta was the DJ so I expected I would...because music and good company can typically make a world of difference.   It reminded me of a dark basement and they had all these wierd raised areas where it was easy to trip over.  The layout doesn't make any sense.  And since there isn't an outside area for smokers or good ventilation...you might as well be inside a smoking pipe because your lungs skin and hair will certainly feel like it.Bad energy...bad vibe...never again!!!  So many other great options in Vegas...skip this place!!!  If it's free....it's still not worth it!!!If anything good came out of HAZE...it at least got me to open my Yelp..but I like to start things on a good note...so I didn't start it here...but yes...I think HAZE deserves another one star....for a wasted start of my Vegas night!
2	This place is a sham.  Dance floor sucked, bars sucked, and the setup sucks.  We took an escalator to go down to the entrance, and then after we get in, we take a fu@king elevator up to the club.  The same floor we were just on!  Who knew they hired Hellen Keller as their Civil Engineer.Inside, it gets even better.  Only one dance floor/room, which makes no sense since this is one of the newest hotels and would learn from other top clubs out there.  And sadly it was crowded like a Californian prison and thats because Jordan was hosting a party, not because of the size of the club.  I never been so afraid of my life but eventually made it out unscathe.  Bottom line dont go unless its free or it turns in to a homeless shelter.
3	Always a good time here!!!! Funnnn
1	This place is sketchier than it appears. Now I'm no fool, and I know that a lot of sketchy shht goes down in Vegas. But for being in a nicer hotel, I expected a little more. I came as the only girl in a sea of 7 guys. I knew there was no freebies to be had like when I go to Vegas with my girls, and that was ok. We arrived around 1 and there was still their $30 buck cover on a weekday. What blew my mind is that the first bouncer we saw, told the two guys in front of us that they were filled to capacity. They only way they were getting in is if they rolled a 50 up for him, and paid their additional 30 at the door. Now it was our turn, and maybe the look on my face said I wasn't having the BS. He let us through, but stopped my boyfriend as we were walking in and whispered, 'Roll up an additional 100 for the guy on the right and you will be taken care of once inside.' We opted to do just the opposite and paid our entrance and went straight to the bar where our wallet got raped yet again. $19 bucks for a Crown & Diet. Good thing we pregamed it at our hotel. The theme for the night was the last letdown, 'Christmas in July.' That was the nail in the coffin.Haze, you need to get some class. All these antics are not worth my time, and if I wanted sketchy, I would have been partying in Downtown Vegas.
2	Girls are open bar until 12am**Girls will receive drink tickets from a guy inside to get their drinks.****The guy doesn't want to give you more than 1 drink ticket, and he will make that known by being rude to you.******So its really not open bar for girls until 12am. They basically lied. Not going back.
1	F this place!!! all the other reviews have a point, while in Vegas you can have a much better time elsewhere. Very small dance floor and ridiculously expensive drinks. Staff is so rude. Bouncers are low-lifes to begin with, but here they feel like they are kings!  I know bouncers take bribes to get people in quick, but, fuck, could you at least have some more class about it because trust me these people don't!. I know it's a club and I always expect a little "douchiness" by bouncers, but these guys where on another level. I think they would make a lot more $ by treating people with respect and giving great customer service. It sucks that we wasted a night in Vegas at this place. There are WAYYY better clubs in Vegas where the staff doesn't treat paying customers like shit!
1	We knew a couple of Aria workers so we got in for $40 for 5 guys, and beat the line.Got in and it was super packed.Place is pretty small compared to others.Girls are stuck up here.Security seem to be in a bad mood here.Normal mixed drink was $17.Never again...We only went here because the Marquee line was too long.
4	"If you don't believe in God...trying to get into a club without any females, surely won't make you a believer"This was my first official clubbing experience in Vegas since turning 21 --- four years ago.The beauty of clubbing, is that it's totally a subjective experience, generally based on an individuals personal wants, goals, and expectations.Girls mostly go out to dance, where as I find, guys tend to go out in hopes of "picking up chicks".  t'is not always the case, but a popular trend that is in no threat of deviation in a "heterosexual" atmosphere. Turning down an offer to go to XS, the previous night (I was too tired), I made a conscious effort to finally embrace the Vegas nightlife. My friends and I were staying at the Wynn and for some odd reason refused going to the Tryst in amid hopes of getting into the "Galeria" (Planet Hollywood) and or "Haze" (Aria). We had some "free" passes that would bypass cover fees. I guess you could say we lucked out.Traffic on a Saturday, after 8/9PM is horrible. Time was our worst enemy, as we were in a frantic race to beat the clock. We wanted to use these passes, my friends made this notion inherently clear.The cutoff for the Gallery was 10:30 PM, and the Aria was 12AM. we realized pretty quick, that we were not going to make it to Planet Hollywood on time. In a fog-less "Haze" we get to Aria by 11 PM. We park, and rush our way through the casino looking for the entrance.Immediately we are haggled by security and bouncers who attempt to sell us a "cut the line pass" for $20 a person. We refuse, but to make matters sweeter, the security guard ripped on my brand new (white) air force ones. Saying how it wasn't "dress code" blah blah blah. I look around and see at least three other guys in white kicks. Then he feeds me the line, "if you pay the $20 pre-cover, i'll let it slide". I was prertty pissed at this.My buddies and I, got into line. It wasn't really that long, maybe 30 people in front of us...but it believe it or not. Even a line, of 30 people, takes a good forty-five minutes to reach the front.I would see group, after group, after group of females just bypass the line, and instantly get in. I would see large crowds of guys, who paid for bottle service -- just walk right in.Pretty much, if you can't grow boobs while in line, and don't have boobs in your group...kiss your ass goodbye.Again, time was the enemy. After enduring a lengthy wait, i look at my phone, 11:52 PM. We have roughly 8-minutes before our passes are null and void. The guy again, tries to persuade us with a "$20 dollar cut the line offer" We politely refuse, and he starts to let more females in.I would say, close to 11:57 PM, FINALLY, the bouncer/security guard lets us in. We show our passes, and by the nick of 1 minute, 11:59 PM, we get in for free, on a Saturday.The interior of the club has a neon pink theme, and was packed to the brim. Security is up to par, and patrolling the venue like madmen.Drinks are ~$17 dollars, give or take a couple of bucks.The music is great. The crowd ethnically is mixed, but noticeably there is a fair ratio of black people.I got the impression that people come here to dance, and dance I did. It's not like those other flimsy clubs where the environment doesn't measure up. The Haze delivers.The club is two floors, and in terms of dancing, the size of the main floor is just right. Not to big, not too small, yet enough to navigate, but close enough to get down ;)My buddies and I, eventually met some gals. We got our moves on, and the rest is history!Again, back to the whole subjectivity. Now, fortunately I did get my groove on. This instantly brings this place from a lousy 2 star rating to 3. I did get in for free, and our group did save roughly $90-$150 dollars. +1 star for that. So overall not too shabby.I asked my buddy, who has been to the XS, a half dozen or so times said that the Haze is "more like his scene" in the sense that one too many stuck up females frequent XS and not everyone wants to dance.In the end, I had a great time, and an early morning checkout!
3	I like Haze, but I don't love it like I do XS. The name speaks for itself cause every time I leave here I am in a Haze. I know a promoter here who is super sweet so he always takes care of me and my girls. The lights here are awesome, music is pretty cool. There's an upstairs and downstairs, but the main floor is downstairs. I agree with others who also think it is fairly small compared to other clubs. The stage is for girls only. It is super dark in here, but it is pretty if you pay attention. I usually come here first, have some fun, get fucked up and hop to another club.
1	Worst club experience I've had in my 5 years of living in Vegas. Incompetent bartenders allowed others to charge drinks to my tab, ended up paying over $200 for the 4 drinks I ordered, plus the beers from others she put on my tab. The response I got from the manager was "oh well." Bunch of crooks, I'll never go back. If you go, don't open up a tab, just pay by cash as you go. I have never had an issue with tabs in the 5 years I've been going out here in Vegas, but their complete lack of concern was unreal. As far as the club itself? It's a typical club, nothing special. The crowds are better at other locations.
4	FIRST of all - bring a HOT friend to get you into the VIP area. These areas are tucked around the upper and lower perimeter which can suck if you want to be really private. I felt like they were longingly watching ME for a second. Weird.And if COMMON is having his birthday party at Haze, you're in for quite a show!As usual, drinks are ridiculously priced, but IT"S VEGAS. Drink before. Expect to pay a cover charge (it as $20, but SO worth it) and be plesantly surprised when a celeb gives an impromptu show.For some reason, it was a trek to get to from where we parked, but I think there is a valet service right outside a closer door. Learned from that one.The light system was interesting and the dj was really good. The dancers were pretty good, but they were dancing all slow-like, even when the music sped up. Weird. Maybe it was the giant wigs the were wearing? I don't know. But enough shit talking.Eventually, a podium opened up, and my friend and I hopped up there for more space. Dancing HARD, we worked up a thirst. But alas, glasses of water are FORBIDDEN in Vegas clubs, so i was offered a $10 bottle of water - pretty standardLuckily, the club started emptying out a bit after the show, so it was really cool. In other words, we were able to walk around without smashing into people and find the cool air flows.It was odd to see the dance floor clear out and still see a packed VIP area. Staring. :]Overall, it was a good experience. Geat even. But what made it great was the company. Common helped, too.
2	For being in such a nice hotel this place really sucks.The DJ was blasting ghetto music all night, no EDM, no dance music....I think he also started playing early 2000's.... I'm sorry but what? This is Vegas, not Reno.The price is absolutely stupid. $40 bucks for a marquee wannabe...no thanks. Save your money and go to Tryst or Marquee.
1	this club is only full because marquee is too hard to get into...we decided to check out this place because some promoter talked us into going... hmm... shoulda known... but at least he was nice?1 star for:- mean hostess... if you hate your job, why are you there? plus, your club is like second tier, so you should be nice to us girls who are coming in... cuz you need us to bring the boys...- drinks are extra expensive... $60 dollar for 4 small shots; $8 for a bottle of water... i guess it's justified if the scene deserves it... but it doesnt...- the place is relatively small... and no where to sit unless you have a tablespend your money elsewhere
3	This place is hit or miss depending on the crowd, but I always seem to have a good time here!  Arraived around 10pm to meet one of the promoters, and he took great care of us. Girls in free, guys in for $20, no wait, free drink for girls through 12pm (who does this), awesome AC system, and just AMAZING service all around. On top of all that the music was damn good.  The DJ kept it rocking through the early morning hours with the perfect mix of hip hop, dance, and top 40!  And if that isn't enough, the lights, go-go dancers, and acrobatics definitely took it to the next level.  The only criticism that I have about this place is the fact that the club is heavy on the tables and a light on the dance floor. Great if you want to drop a couple G's and have an area to dance with your friends, but not so awesome if packed like a sardine on the dance floor. Probably could have used another 20-40 square to spread my wings, but we made it happen anyway! Overall I would say that this was one of the EASIEST and MOST FUN experiences that I've had in Vegas.  Everything came together and we rocked it out all night! Thank you Las Vegas! #hazekicksass
4	People people Haze really is NOT that BAD! I stayed at the Aria over the weekend and thought that Haze was wonderful. PROS: -It was right in our hotel so we didn't have to walk very far at all. -We got in no problem.  -We able to get drinks very quickly from the bar. My biggest complaint about bars are slow bartending service. This did not happened here. -Great music with a good mix of genres. Although there were some spurts of ADD when the DJ changed songs way too quickly. -Plenty of places to dance and hang out. We hung out by the dance floor. The dance floor was way too crowded to stay on. We found a place to post up behind the tables with great view of the GoGo dancers and the screen. The bar was three steps from us so we had no complaints. CONS: -It was bit confusing once we got in. I had no idea where to lead our group and just winged it. -They aren't very picky who they let in. I noticed a lot of very casually dressed people. -Drinks are expensive but then drinks are expensive everywhere in Vegas.Would I come here again? Yes but only if I was staying at the Aria. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here despite the good time that we had.
3	We got passes for Haze from the Vdara front desk so we decided to check it out on a Friday. Because it was all guys, we left early. We got in line shortly before 10:30, making our group second in line. Within a few minutes, all the lines extended to the stairs. They held all the lines until 11 and then began letting in women and table reservations. The group in front of us had a couple girls and were let in pretty quick.Then Clipboard Man walked up to us and asked how many we had. My friend was in front of me and shouted, "six." My original plan was to divide us into two groups of three but that went to hell quick. Judging by the size of his fauxhawk and amount of gel used to cover that abomination, I knew this guy wasn't going to want to let us in just like that. He gave us the classic Vegas line that they were only letting tables in at the time and it would be a while, unless we slipped him $20 each. No thanks, not tonight. He came back once more with the same line but we didn't budge. After twenty minutes, a different guy came over, asked how many we had, and let us in. Swag. We used our passes and walked in for free after waiting in line for a little over a half hour, not bad by Vegas standards.The interior is dope as hell. It gets crowded quick though. Everyone rushed the bar after getting in, making it take a while to order. As far as music, Haze is predominantly house music, just like most spots. Sure they played hip-hop, but would switch it back to house pretty quick. I felt like a sardine on the dance floor but still had a pretty good time. And you can't beat free.
2	OMGGGGG, this place is horrriiiibllllee. It just doesn't belong in Aria...I was getting flashbacks of when I was 19 and used to "go clubbing"The place is packed, everyone is sweating, the drinks are horrible, service is horrible, layout is weird...u just feel weird BEING in there.So why 2 stars you ask....WELL....Pole dancers. I have seen some amazing performances, but nothing like this. This one girl was absolutely breath-taking. EVERYONE in the club had stopped and was facing the center where this flawless piece of work performed the most beautiful routine I'd ever seen. It was very cirque du solei, but super sexy at the same time.Other than that...this place sucks :( Aria, u should be ashamed
3	3.5A friend hooked us up with his host who helped get my group in for free (we just had to tip her), along with many, many, many drink tickets.  Because of this, my group got drunk pretty fast, and I personally had a blast.I'll admit the venue isn't that big and the crowd isn't all that attractive, but I still had loads of fun.  Why, you ask?  Various platforms scattered on the dance floor.  If there's one thing you should know about me, it's that I love dancing on platforms :)  I love how it doesn't get very crowded up there, so I can dance barefoot without fearing other girl's stepping onto me.Boy, was I wrong.  What happened was worse than girls stepping on me.Because Haze uses real glass for cups, I guess someone broke a cup on the platform, and there were bits of broken glass all over.  I did not realize this, drunk off my ass dancing to the music, until I noticed my foot was bleeding.  Yes, this is partially my fault, but come on, really?!  Why are they still using glass cups?!  Other than having pieces of glass stuck in the bottom of my foot, until the next morning, I really did enjoy my time up there.The pole dancers and performers here are also really breathtaking and put on a very impressive show.Best moment of the night I'd have to say was when they played DMX's "Up In Here" (one of my favorite clubbing songs).  The DJ, I sorta loved and hated.  He would have a good set going for about 4-5 songs, then ruin it with some random song from the 90's.  Wut.  He would play a good mix of hip-hop and EDM/dance, then throw in some rock.  Wut.  I get what he's trying to do, but it didn't work for me.I would only come back if my friend's host can hook it up with free drinks again.  Then maybe hop to another club for better looking music and crowd.
5	Great nightclub and the inside is nice.
2	I didn't really enjoy my time here. Tons of men! I heard its expensive for them to get in (about $30) men have to dress up to a T! While women are in there looks sloppy!! (wearing sandals) it was really crowded on the dance floor! If you are a female do not dance on the little stages bc you will get stared at like a caged animal (unlesss you like that kind of stuff). It was so packed that it was actually kind of gross, I've heard the exact same thing from other people about this place. Stay away.
5	Haze is awesome. They always play great music and the atmosphere is great as well. My friends from out of town always love Haze. The staff is very nice too. :] Valet pick up is right outside of the club too so you don't have to walk through the casino to get to the garage to get to your car.
4	Okay...got bottle service here a few times.  Had an awesome time.  I was there the last saturday of July and we where seated somewhere in the "3rd" level it felt like, looking over everything.  It was awesome.  I felt like Trey Songz just that i am way more sexy.  We had a very beautiful waitress who took very good care of us.  She was drop dead gorgeous.  She was some kind of asian, kinda tall with long hair.  If you know who i'm talking about tell i said "shortie swing my way".If you're going to get bottle there may I suggest contacting Kolt, took very good care of my party (kolt if you reading this my peoples was suppose to give you cash but they're idiots and where drunk outta their mind and totally forgot they had it, i'll get you back when i come back up there).
4	Turned 21 last weekend and had to check out Haze!!!! Walked right up to the front and was on the list so got in free without the line (thankfully) because there had to be thousands of people waiting to get in! The two guys I was with had to pay $40 though. Girls are treated better in Vegas  :)Anyway, Haze was FUN. The music was really good, lots of rap & pop, and I enjoyed watching the videos on the big screen! It was hard to dance because it was so crowded but everyone seemed to be having a great time!! I ended up dancing on the little stage, yes its in the middle of the dance floor & everyone surrounds you and watches you, but it was all good. Haze I'll be back, but next time with a table!!
3	Was told  by promotors that Thursday Haze plays hip hop.. negative! Expect any Vegas club experience.. Super big.. super crowded!Sean Paul performed that night so that was really cool minus the part that I felt like the crowd didn't even know his old songs. Really annoyed me lol
5	Haze was definitely the surprise hit of my 3-day Labor Day weekend stopover in LV.   Sure, it does not compare to the eye candy of XS, nor does it have the celebrity guests featured at Pure.  But in terms of dance floor space, girl to guy ratio, and interaction, Haze wins hands down!First, I came on Thursday nights.  Women were getting in free, so this place had an awesome ratio.  You won't see too many drop-dead gorgeous decked-out bimbos like you see at XS.   But the girls were much more friendly and approachable.   In fact, I met a really sweet girl, Jessica of Canada, who really made my night memorable.  (Sadly she said she had a bf and wouldn't give me her # at the end of the night.  I hope she eventually reads this and we can get back in touch!)Second, the atmosphere.  The dance floor was spacious enough, unlike the sardine can experience of Pure.  The club was very interactive...go-go dancers throwing out free glowsticks into the crowd, foam and confetti dropping from the ceiling, a fog machine--all these theatrics made Haze a really awesome experience.   The temperature in the club was also a lot cooler than other places.   At other clubs, my night ended with my shirt drenched in sweat, but not here!  Third, their customer service was great!  There was hardly any wait time.  I came with a wingman.  Paid the $30.  Got in.  Simple.  No BS.  I didn't have to wait in a sausage line.  I didn't have to bribe anyone or know any secret backdoor entrance to get in.  I even got up on one of the elevated dance platforms for girls only.  The bouncer just tapped my shoulder and told me politely to get down.  No one made an incident of it.  Would definitely love to come here again. On the downside, the drinks were still as expensive as any other A-list club.  $20 for a shot of whiskey on the rocks.   But for Jessica, it was totally worth it!
3	I don't understand why cabs will pick up here but don't drop off here....... but anyway, to the club itself.It's reminds me of LIV in Miami, but a little smaller.....or so it seems.  This club has tons of hidden levels of bottle service that they only open up when they have the capacity to justify it.We went on a Thursday with the fellas who had bottles, so we got in free.  The DJ was amazing and the crowd was beautiful!  We SHUT IT DOWN!So, a few months later we went on a Sunday, and got in free.....b/c we're girls we also got open bar for an hour......It was hard core techno/house/music without words and identifiable endings.  The crowd was not so beautiful, even with the beer goggles kicking in after the open bar.  We ended up going back to our room, doing shots, changing shoes and hitting Lavo...... I would say check out the music to make sure it's what you want on the night you're going and you'll have an awesome time.
1	My friends and I went on Friday Sept 2nd to hear Paul Van Dyk.It was one of many dj events that we had planned over Labor Day weekend.  We had will call tickets (which didnt really matter). We were told at 10pm that they arent gonna start a line and told us to come back in a few minutes. We had a drink in the casino and came back to a long line downstairs where a guy working for the club told us to go. After half an hr we got up to another guy and he said go up the escaltor and wait in line there. We went up and waited in line and was then told to go back downstairs. we complained and asked to see a manager. We noticed that they were handing out free passes and drink coupons for ladies and they got in before we did. hmmm the club lets in ladies because they are hot and have no idea who Paul Van Dyk is,,, I asked a few and they were like Is he good? ummm ok.The manager did step up and got our tickets to get in and gave us drink tickets (expired right when we got in at midnight). I understand that this is the way this club works....free ladies and free drinks...but on the night of Paul Van Dyk? seriously? I will never go back....love Van Dyk but should have went to see Deadmau5 at the Chelsea that night or Van Burren at the Marquee. Worst experience at a club. It could have ended worse I guess. Music was awesome but club sucks.
1	6 dudes in for a bachelor party and everyone had their hand out.   I mean I know it is Vegas but you don't need to act so slimy.  No really.   3 bottle minimum and they get you with the bait and switch of "Sir, you need to buy 3 bottles and they are all $425 each."   Get there and the menu has nothing but $495-1500 bottles.If you want to get every single dollar squeezed out of you this place is awesome...you will love it.   Dancing on the small dance floor was impossible and was made even more impossible with the shitty techno music. Would I go back?  Maybe, but the strip and everybody rolling and and coked out is not my style.   All the wannabes are here and I stand by this review.  Weak at best.If you are looking for real clubs head to XS or even off strip.   I don't mind paying the cash but hate having the feeling of being wallet raped and that is all that is going on the strip anymore.Oh almost forgot the "cool" thing to do now.   They bring in local Vegas girls who are basically strippers and say "We're from Vancouver".  When you press them on it they don't even know Vancouver is in Canada. Get out of my box and quit trying to drink my overpriced bottle.PEACE....or in this case PIECE (of sh!t)
3	First time was a 5. We made friends with people who got us in right away. The club had just opened and Katy Perry came on stage for a surprise performance. There was confetti everywhere with 18th century costumed people performing circus acts. It was crazy, fun, and magical.Second time was a 2- where did all the cool costumes and excitement go? It was hot, dark, and exactly what you would expect from a dungeon of a nightclub. Not worth it. I wish I had gone to Tryst or even Drais.
3	Definitely not my favorite club in Vegas, set up was weird.  Music was good.  I had a good time but I owe that to the girls I was with.  Not sure I would come back here again, rather go to XS or Marquee.
2	I was excited to go to Haze because I had heard many good things about it, but mainly just from the people working at Aria.  I also was staying at the Aria so it was really convenient, and besides Gold Lounge is also at Aria which has an open bar before Haze so you can get drunk before spending tons of money at Haze.The evening before I went, I got on the guestlist because I was staying at the hotel, and I was told I wouldn't have to wait in line.  However, I arrived at 11:50pm and the guy at the line rudely told me I had to go to Deuce Lounge if I was on the guestlist, and when I ran to Deuce (Since guestlist ends at midnight), the people at Deuce told me to go to the escalators and I ended up having to run around for 15 minutes looking for where to go.  Finally I got checked in and ended up still having to wait in line.Walking into the actual club, I realized that the music and decor were really nice.  The guy:girl ratio was not very impressive, and this was because Haze didn't seem to really care about who they let in.  The girls weren't very attractive and I've definitely been to better clubs.  Drinks were very expensive as well.  One other thing I didn't like was the rude staff that kept pushing guys to move away from certain sections.  All in all I didn't enjoy my experience at Haze very much.
1	One star is stretching it!A large group of girlfriends and I were in Vegas celebrating my bachelorette party.  The people associated with Haze nightclub made our clubbing experience pretty ridiculous.  We had purchased a Facebook deal that provided VIP access for $20 a person.  So we called so that we were all on the list for Friday night.  The gentleman who first helped us made the whole "VIP" process unpleasant, not believing that we purchased this deal, or that it even existed.  Instead of asking his supervisor, he insisted that no such deal existed and therefore we were not on the list.  His supervisor came over and instead of handling the situation, she suggested we go downstairs to speak to Kevin Daly, the GM of Haze.  When we went downstairs, we spoke to another gentleman about speaking to Mr. Daly.  He made comments like "Yes I know who he is sweetheart" in a rather condescending tone. While I'm not easily offended, I do NOT appreciate being spoken to like that. I expected a lot more from Haze and the Aria.  These employees did not make me or my friends feel welcomed to this establishment and after 10 minutes in Haze, listening to crappy techno and drinking a weak drink (and a waste of $20), we all left and went to Brand at the Monte Carlo, which was a MUCH better experience! Please save your $$ and go somewhere else!
4	Had a table here. Little pricey, but its a vegas night club: so be it. Great DJ and the staff was awesome. A little difficult to get around, but easy access to the bars. A guy took a swing at me, so we got kicked out. However, the staff was very understanding about it and worked hard to resolve the issue, despite the other guy being very intoxicated and claiming that I swung first.
2	I haven't been here since the club first opened, but from what I remember...  I will give Haze 2.5 stars - there's not much ground to cover inside this tiny club.  You have to figure out where to stand/dance when the sq. footage is so small and narrow.  There is a balcony area that overlooks the dance floor below.  They have live models that are inside a clear booth when you first walk into the club (back when I went they were wearing 20's outfits - gorgeous).  The only cool thing about the inside was maybe the LED backdrop, but other than that... not much to see.
3	3 stars sounds just about right for this club. It was...aight. The pluses:- the music (mostly old-school hip hop with a bit of current stuff and house mixed in)- the free shots waitresses were offering (but with a very obligatory tip)- the smokingly hot bartendersThe minuses:- there was a certain level of snobbiness that emanated from the females there on that particular night...maybe it was just a bad night to be there?- wasn't really crazy about the layout- the atmosphere there was kinda blah...I didn't know that was possible in a Vegas club.
3	it's cool beans.  reminds me a lot of Bank @ The Bellagio.if you don't have a hookup to get in, you might not really enjoy your evening if it's busy.
2	BLEH!!! This place is in the Aria and this is how they treat it?!?! ahhaha. jkthe decor is nothing special, the music is House ALL night.  This was a Friday night! The only cool thing was the drink specials for girls. Like 4 drink tickets per person...that had to be used before 12 AM.. I hate that I arrived at 1150PM. LOL! Still was able to get drunk off of what I had.
4	A fun club with live entertainment and a pumping dance floor.  The staff is delightful and have tact and class.  The crowd is fun and it's a great place to dance your feet off.
4	Writing a review about a place you barely remember is tricky ... but here it goes:Our whole group got in free and since we got there relatively early (about 11:00) the line only took about 10 minutes. The club was packed, but the bar was huge and never had a line (hence the memory loss).  Drinks were expensive but strong, which is all you can ask for when you're in Vegas. I remember thinking they were playing really good music all night, but I probably wouldn't have noticed if they were blaring Kenny G.Thanks Haze for a night I don't remember, let's do it again soon.
3	We've been here to Vegas a few times. I have to admit, this night club is just like any nightclub. The drinks are expensive and the servers are pretty. The dancers are great. The VIP section. .. meh. . nothing great. I felt this place is a let down considering it's in Aria and a new hotel. I expected it to be more decked out or something more flashy and splendor as Vegas should be. The reason why I gave it a 3 star instead of 2 because of the surprise guest. . .Jay Sean performed. Which is a bonus star for it.
5	This is by far my favorite club here in Las Vegas! I love everything about it. VERY, VERY friendly staff. The dance floor is always just right meaning not too packed not to empty just right. The music varies from hip hop to house music so its a good combination. I am a frequent Haze club goer so they practically know me by name. I always have a good time at Haze!
4	Why is HAZE getting so much bad reviews? I actually had a great time.Okay for an underground club inside Aria, its not the best set up compared to some of the other clubs that are by the pools. But it was relatively hassle free to get in, multi-storied and has a decent sized dance floor.Best of all, they have a center stage with rotating performers. The night I was there Danielle Rueda Watts was doing her thing on the 18ft pole. She was Ah-May-Zang!! http://youtu.be/6sa3t2GBGaIDJ was decent too played all the house, hip hop and mixed it relatively smoothly...not like the one at xs.Not too much complaints from me.
4	Halloween night was Cracking!!! Ludacris, cyberTron, 10k costume event was awesome!!
2	The more I come here, the less I like it.My girlfriends know promoters for this club, or for some reason, we always end up here. I never really know why. The overall look is okay.... the setup isn't very well done or exciting, and it looks like a club you'd find anywhere else outside of Vegas. Most of us go to Vegas clubs for the over-the-top style, excess, and...... well, it's Vegas! This one doesn't have much to offer.We got unlimited drink tickets until 10, which entitled us to some cranberry juices or sprite with a few drops of vodka. Eventually, I felt sick from downing so much sugary liquid without feeling anything, so I stopped. There is NO PLACE to sit in this club unless you buy a table. You get yelled at for taking your shoes off, no leaning on the walls, no sitting on the floor. Whoever designed this club has never worn heels for a night out, I know, but everyone needs to sit at some point. I started taking breaks by sitting in the photo booth.Water bottles are EIGHT DOLLARS each and they won't give you tap water. I guess you could drink from the bathroom sink. I've said it in other reviews, but shouldn't any establishment that serves liquor to party-goers also have some sort of moral obligation to give those people water, too? The DJ was good and the go-go dancers could actually dance and were hot. They also showered the crowd with glow sticks and batons, and were great at getting the crowd into the party. This is the only reason why they get a second star. I know that most of these annoyances are typical of ANY club, but at least the other clubs have something special to offer. Haze does not, and for such a new, trendy, pretty hotel like Aria, I'm surprised.
4	Likes:- Fast bar service- Beautiful staff, seriously!- Great musicDislikes:- Small- Gotta walk far to get here!Overall, I had a great time at Haze. I would come back!
5	By far the best club in Vegas, bar none.  Got VIP service here Thursday night and it was beyond epic.  The entire staff treated us like rock-stars, and had the best time imaginable.  You've got to be willing to lay down a significant amount of $$$ for the royal treatment, but let me say this - it's more than worth every single dollar.  The music was perfect all night - from the time we arrived (before midnight) til we left (only because they were closing - sometime around 4:30AM...)  Was it crowded?  Beyond.  Yet another reason to go for the full on treatment (though you have to connect with someone that can get you in for the full-tilt treatment)...  We really lucked out also because the night we were there, Usher was hosting - and he took the roof off with his presence...   What made it the best though was Samantha - our VIP hostess.  Can't thank her enough.
2	Not really gonna spend too much time on this one, Ive been here twice and my first experience was bad. The second could be broken down like this, 10 dollar beers, 16 dollar mixed drinks and no water. If you want water your gonna have to pay 8 dollars. smh, wont be returning
4	Allot of people hate on this place but the 2 times I've been her have been great! Granted the 2nd time I dont remember much.......but that just means it was great night! My girlfriend knows a promoter so we never wait in line or pay :) fellas just splurge for some bottle service that's the best way to get the ladies any way ;)
5	Why all the bad reviews? I went to 3 clubs in 2 nights and thought this one was the best. Lots of fun, really great music. Expensive drinks and a really great time. I will be back here.
4	This is  LG property so you know it is quality. I have only been a few times, but I really enjoyed the massive light wall located on the back of the club. It is just another night club in Vegas, but it has some neat things going for it. The bars are well placed and the floor has some elevated dance sections for girls only.  The upstairs provides you a nice view of the entire floor-plan.  Worth checking out though!
3	I stopped by on a Saturday night and the line was huge! I managed to schmooze my way in for free. By the time I left I was soooo happy I didn't have to pay a cover! The bouncers are constantly in your face saying "keep it moving" directing you like cattle. There is nowhere to sit and rest if your feet hurt. I thought the club was cool but not worth visiting if you don't have a table with bottle service.
3	Great as a venue for larger events.  Consider it in this great new CityCenter location.
1	Horrible Halloween experience, really bad organization, sleazy bouncers literally taking bids for the highest amount, no one accountable for anything!just WOW guys, get it together!
4	Despite the bad reviews, I had an amazing time.  The lightshow was fantastic, the DJ that night was bomb, and they had these little glowy flash sticks that they threw out into the crowd.  The go-go dancers aren't really dancers, but they wore old school stuff like corsets with big afrohair so everything was very avant-garde like, drinks are normal for a vegas club, the dance floor was sizeable with 2 rounded tables that girls can dance on top of, a big stage for the non go-go dancers and the DJ sits on top of that stage with colored panels/tvs behind him.  I wasn't high at the time but when the strobe hits you, I felt drunk and high all over again... The music was awesome that night, cover was free for both guys and girls and the wait wasn't too bad. I'd say 30 minutes.  The place was crawling with promoters trying to get your number/info and giving you tickets to get free entrance which was fine with me.  What's more awesome is that at the end they had a random ass robot (I told people there was a robot and nobody in my party believed me until they saw him :( haha) Oh, and the BEST part about the place was that despite I was err, dirty dancing my ass off with a boy it never once got so hot that my hair was soaked and I was sweating like a fool like the other clubs.  They definitely got their air system down solid so ladies, no worries, you'll still look cute after the club as long as you can handle your drink.
4	Wow there are some bad reviews for this place!I sure did have a good time tho. We had our VIP bracelets and it was no problem getting in quickly. We headed to the bar for some more free drinks...not  a problem there either. We had a great spot overlooking the dance floor.There were these awesome shot girls that came around ALOT with free shots..all you had to do was tip them. We were getting 4 shots for a $5 tip. Not a bad deal at all! After several visits from the shot girls we were on the dance floor having a great time. They did this cool little show on stage with a bunch of hotties and a robot...yes a robot! It was something I never seen before thats for sure!They then threw these light up foam things into the audience and dimmed the lights so the only lights were our foam sticks. Its was pretty flippen awesome.We finally rolled out of there at about 3am with smiles on our faces and very sore feet. It was a fun night.
1	Came here as part of an event.  We were supposed to be on the "VIP" list and when we asked where it was we were curtly directed to general admission.  The company who threw the event usually throws  fabulous events, so i think the blame here lays on Haze.  The bouncers were rude and yelling - i wasn't being obnoxious, just asked a question, and I'm local - not cool Haze not cool.  Unfortunately I cant comment on the inside because after being treated so rudely we ditched.
4	Since the line for Marquee was ridiculously long, a Haze nightclub promoter came up to me and my 3 girlfriends and told us he would get us in for free and no line at Haze. we had no problems getting in and had a ton of fun at this club....great music, lots of dancing, and entertaining dancers on stage. my only complaint is the amount of creepy guys at this place. Overall, I was impressed by this club since I had never even of heard of it until the night we went. I've never been to Marquee but I heard it is similar but on a smaller scale....
1	This club sucks so much ass just went yesterday it's so small and overcrowded no place to sit and the bouncers are all fucking dicks no respect they scam you for $20 while your in the line(Fuck them I didn't pay) just so you can cut a few feet in front and wait in another line for"VIP" which is really the general admission line and that's only for guys if your a girl and have a belly they wont let you in only the hot chicks get through. I saw many chunky girls get turned around and denied entrance that shit was fucked up the drinks are exaggeratedly prices $25 for a jack and coke $17 for a lemon drop I highly advice everyone not to go to this rip off of a "club" I know I'll never come back again
4	Full disclosure: I was with a group of hot girls. So yeah, we had a great time and didn't have to mess with all of the usual crap that comes with getting into a place like this. We all chipped in to get ourselves a table, and were put up on the second floor close to the bar. It was the perfect spot for a night like this -- not too crowded, and we still had the opportunity to look down and see the masses downstairs on the dance floor. The music was good (which is really the basis for the 4 stars here), our bottle service gal was nice, and we had a blast dancing and hanging out together.Ne-Yo was performing on Saturday night, which was cool too. He took the floor around 1am and sang a few songs. I wouldn't necessarily pay to see him in concert, so this was the perfect setting!
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAAAZZZZINNNNG!!!!I was in vegas this past weekend and 2 out of the 3 nights we came to Haze. The first night Travis McCoy from Gym Class Heros performed and it was amazing. The other night we went Ne-Yo performed and that was crazy too. The dance floor is huge and the DJ plays all the party rock type songs that just make you want to go crazy. The lights just add to the effect that make you think you are having an amazing time on drugs or something even though you're not? (or maybe YOU are, whatever floats your boat) but I had a great time here and met some amazing people. We even skipped TAO to come here.... & I LOVE ME SOME TAO!!!! ... so trust me when I say, COME HERE. its at the Aria which is one of the newer hotels and its just a great place to come with your friends, get drunk, and dance your ass off. Oh but for those of you that are smokers: Just because you are allowed to smoke indoors in Vegas, doesn't mean you should! Just because you are happy with your lungs looking like tar doesn't mean the people around you want that. Plus you DO NOT look cool. You look like a douche bag actually and should have some common decency... so cut it out.ending note: HAZE IS AMAZING!
3	I'm adding one more star only b/c I was given free drink tickets.  I still get semi bored when I'm here only b/c there's STILL not much to see.  Getting drinks is fast and easy though.  I was with my friend (who was a girl) and we easily got in, no lines, etc. etc.  I feel like HAZE needs to get more business otherwise it might be the next to close down... I'm not trying to be mean, that's just how I see it from my perspective.  The free drinks helped this time making my experience more enjoyable and the dance floor wasn't crowded nor empty.  It did however, look like majority of the people there were on the older looking side...
3	The weekend I was in Vegas, I went out to Haze, TAO, and Tryst. Now compared to the latter two, Haze is not what you think of when you imagine a Vegas nightclub. The only reason we even came here was because we were able to get on the guest list and get in for free. We ended up seeing Travie McCoy perform that night, without having a clue we were in for. I would say the dancefloor is averaged sized....you'd get a lot of people standing in the walkway area because it was crowded and then the security would bug you until you move. Drinks are a fortune. 4 Long Islands cost us $68!! At Tao and Tryst, that drink cost us about 15, maybe less. And water is not free. It's 8 bucks for a small bottle of Fiji! You've been warned. It was the first club we went to in Vegas so we were excited, but like I said, it's not that amazing as the other more renowned ones. There was a light show going on most of the night, so for those who love that, there's a plus. I think the music was able to satisfy a variety of tastes. They played some old school rap, mixed in with top 40 (like my fave Vegas song to dance to  - Sexy and I Know It), and lots of mixing in techno/electric. All of my friends like the music at one point, and we all have different go to genres. This place, however, is not for the weak lungs....there will be tons of secondhand smoke, and it's really stuffy and hot. Again, you've been warned!If you have a chance to go to TAO, Tryst, XS, or Surrender for the ultimate Vegas club, I'd recommend that. (But if you're on the GL to get in free, and maybe even get a drink ticket, why not stop by Haze!)
2	Standing in line and observing my surroundings on the Friday night I saw a typical Vegas night club: crazy long unorganzied lines, VIP doesn't mean squat, and complete unprofessional jerks for bouncers. Thank God I took those passes from the promoter at the last second before we got in line, I would not have been happy to pay to get in.Very crowded, extremely expensive drinks ($64 for 4 shots?)...really? $10 for a corona? Really? Small dance floor, and barely any standing room anywhere where we weren't packed like sardines. The music was decent but a little too techno-ee for my liking. Some DJ was there, I don't even remember his name. Someone dressed in a giant space suit with green lights and laser beams came out onto the stage area, which was interesting but weird. I had a good time because I was with my best friends. I've heard mixed reviews for Haze...I can't believe people like it that much!
4	We got stopped in the afternoon while shopping at Planet Hollywood. Some promoter asked us if we wanted to go there tonight, could get us free drinks, and free cover for guys and girls. We told him we already planned on going to Marquee but I gave him my number anyways and he said he would text me the details at 7.  He did and said we could still get in between 10 and 12 free. Still, we were planning Marquee. However after getting to Marquee, our boy who said he could get us all in free with free drinks, failed epically and our names weren't on the list. $70 for guys to get and we had 6!  F that! We had a wrap around suite at the cosmo that overlooked the pool at Marquee, we weren't gonna drop $70/guy when we had a room there. So I texted the promoter from Haze and he said to get there by 11 and we all still could get in. His name was Kortenie and he hooked it up. I texted him when we got to Haze and was met by a man in a suit.  It was the same guy who met us earlier in the day, and he cleaned up nice. He immediatly took all 11 of us past the line and right in the club. No issues. The free drinks inside were shots but were not strong. But they were free. I got a vodka and grapefruit and a vodka and cranberry and it was $30! Thank god we all drank a lot before heading out, so that was enough to get through the couple of hours we planned on staying there. The club was nice with girls on trapezes swinging over your head and go go dancers all over the place. Over all, a great time and Kortenie saved our assess and hooked it up. I will def hit him up text time we are in town!
1	CAN I GET A NO STARS RATING?!Okay, no, this reinforces why I hate this club and will never come back. EVER.For MLK weekend a group of about 27 Asians tried to go clubbing here with presales bought and some good looking girls. The people that had presales were told to go to the front and wait to be admitted to the club. However, being at the front of the line didn't necessarily mean that you were gonna be the next group in. Our group waited for almost another hour. Finally being fed up, someone asked the bouncer, what the deal was. The douche bouncer told us that because we were a minority group that our chances of getting in were slim and that, I quote, "you're wasting your time, you might as well go home now."asdfjak;ghierahjdfkjladshgj;ahefjaskdfjkashgljhasdfj THAT'S IT! NEVER AGAIN, HAZE! I DON'T CARE WHO'S PERFORMING THERE, YOU DO NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO TURN AROUND AN ETHNIC GROUP OF PEOPLE!
5	4 stars for the actual venue, but my overall experience when I came here on Friday, 12/30/11 is what gives this place 5 stars in my book.  Hands down THE BEST Vegas nightclub experience I've ever had.  Yeah, this beats my LAX experience and I didn't even get anything for free.  I'm a girl in Vegas and I'm not bitching about not getting things for free, that's how much fun I had.Laidback Luke spun that night.  I bought presales online 2 days prior to the event.  Girls were $20 and guys were $30.  My "group" consisted of those awful uneven boy-girl ratios that makes it hard to get in anywhere in Vegas and it was just me, my brother, and my boyfriend.  My flight was delayed we didn't get to Aria until 11:30.  There's a line for pre-sales at the main floor and then when you went downstairs to Haze, there was another line for everyone to get in.  Considering it was almost midnight and the fact that I was with 2 guys, I was surprised at how quickly we got in.  Hassle-free, I might add.Minus half a star for the main dance floor being freakishly small.  But they get that half star back for having 2 bars, with one of the bars being practically empty.  We stayed at the second bar for most of the night because there was a lot of space to dance in that area and you could still hear the music.I don't remember how much I actually spent at the bar but I do know that the drinks cost less than at XS or Marquee and the wait for a drink didn't take as long.  So there's another plus.Once Laidback Luke came on, we found a spot literally right behind his DJ booth and there was practically no one around us to get in our way or step on us.  It was AMAZING!  So much room to dance, I couldn't believe it!  Granted we were posted up in kind of like a hallway but we had a clear view of him and all of the amazing lights, the music was still hella bumping, and the security guards weren't making us move to get out of the way because the space was huge.  I danced my happy ass off until 3AM for the first time in a long time.  It helped that I didn't wear heels.Another plus is that they actually have a coat check.  I didn't need to use it because we came from our hotel straight to the Aria via cab but for those Vegas winter nights where I go out to have dinner or watch a show and THEN go to the club, a coat check is perfect.  One last plus:  I saw Eric Stonestreet (Cam from Modern Family) partying and dancing his butt off at the VIP tables.  First random major celebrity sighting of my life and I'm so glad it was Cam and he was dancing like crazy to LBL.  A GREAT, PERFECT NIGHT!
4	Went to HAZE for the first time exactly a week ago (Thursday). Heard some good things about this place, so we decided to give it a try. Aria is a really pretty hotel, so I expected for it to be nice. & yeah, it was a nice venue. Didn't help that I was probably more than buzzed by the time I arrived, but I had no complaints at first sight, haha.Totally got all set-up. We had a group of 12 girls & 2 guys. We arrived at about 10:45pm-ish. No need to wait in lines. We all (even the guys) got in for free. Plus, girls had open bar until midnight. Score! Only weird thing was that we had to keep getting drink tickets from a girl at the front entrance. Kinda a hassle. A wristband definitely would've made things easier, but I made sure to get my share of free drinks from open bar ;) The crowd was okay. A little on the older side (at least towards the beginning), but we made it work :) The music was on point! I LOVE LOVE LOVE when clubs play the good 'ol back-in-the-day hits. Totally made my night. & then later they started playing more of the top-40s. The music definitely didn't let me down this night.
4	On a Saturday night, in the mood to dance, went to Haze and was pretty satisfied. The music was wonderful, hip hop and rap, my favorite, and the live entertainment by Travis Barker and one of the Beastie Boys were the bomb! The special guests were simply fantastic and really enjoyed watching/dancing to them. They came out about 1:30am... The drinks are relatively expensive, though. But if you get a VIP pass from a promoter, cover is free. Fun time. I love Aria! It's really luxurious.
4	Whaaaat?! You guys showed Haze NO love! I went 4th of July weekend 2010 and had a blast! Maybe my experience was better than some because we bypassed the line & went right in. I like how big it is. I don't like going to a club and feeling as if I'm sharing a drink with the person next to me. My friends & I danced on the little cube thing on the dance floor. It's a cool spot.May have to go back, soon =]
1	F- This PlaceSo we bought VIP passes to check out this club. The passes allowed us to have front of the line and complimentary admission. We got there right when the place opens and the host directed us to the general admission line. Even after showing him our passes, he had the nerve to ask for 20 bucks per person so we can cut to the front. No thanks, we were literally 7 people away from the front of the line and the last thing I wanted to do is give the D-bag any money.We waited in line for about 10 minutes and got in. I was a bit surprised to see how crowded the place was. The DJ was just okay. He played a mix of old school hip-hop and classic clubbing songs. There are two bars and a decent size dance floor. They had a couple go-go dancers there too. Drinks were pricey, but they are strong. I paid 30 bucks for a Whiskey (Jim Beam)/Coke and Gin (Mystery clear bottle)/Tonic.There are a lot of aggressive chubby girls here. My buddy was dancing near platform; a little too close to a group of drunk jolly girls at a bachelorette party. They devoured him like a free T-bone steak. They tried to jump on his back and ride him like a pony. After watching my buddy fend for his life, we decided it was time to go and grab a pizza. As we left, this a-hole from behind the VIP area shoves my friend to the ground. No reason. Just being a jackass. The bouncer right next to him did nothing. My lawyer wifey held me back and said it was a bad idea to go "Situation" on his ass. I'm lucky she's so much smarter than me. I probably would have just gotten beat up and left the club crying with a bloody nose. Overall, I wouldn't come back to Haze. Hosts are D-bags, music was just okay, drinks are ridiculously expensive, venue was plain, and the bouncers are useless.  The go-go dancers were hot, but not worth the hassle to come here.  About my credentials:Growing up in Maryland, there's not much to do. I was an awkward geek that had trouble talking/meeting chicks. I learned that I'm a lot like Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali, from Big Bang Theory. I only had the confidence to talk to chicks when I'm plastered (that's how I met my wife). Anyways, being single for most my life I've gone to a good amount of clubs and lounges. I don't go as much because I'm old, fat, and get sleepy by 10 pm.
3	Every time I go here, i've always had great experiences. I usually use a promoter, which is the best way in jumping the general admission line, getting free drink passes, & not having to pay for cover. They're usually around the casino in 3 pc suits looking out for groups with equal ratios. Drink passes are normally for girls from 10:30-12a - well drinks. The bartenders are definitely not stingy with the alcohol considering that each drink i've ordered had at least a shot & a half. The only drawback is that there's only 1 room & if you don't like the music being played, you have no other option, but to leave. They usually play hip hop/top 40s & dance music on fridays and saturdays. P.S. Guys - I've got to say, they're probably one of the few clubs in vegas that have the best looking go-go dancers.
1	Reinforcing everything my friend Maggie H. said.Note to self: don't buy pre-sale tickets ever again.If you're a guy and you're with a good group ratio of girls:guys, you will get in to any club. It's just whether or not you're willing to pay the price.For Haze, I bought pre-sale tickets AND had more girls than guys in my group. We waited in line for almost an hour, and we were pretty much at the front. Finally, one of our friends got fed up and asked the bouncer what the deal was. He told us that because we were a minority that our chances of getting in were slim to none, and that, "you're wasting your time, you might as well go home now."So yeah, F*** Haze. I called the next day and got my refund within 24 hours. I looked at the Haze website, and one of their goals is "creating an unmatched experience for party-goers." At least they're right about that, no other club in Vegas has denied me access due to my ethnicity. 0/5 stars. This is 2012, and Vegas is a party spot for anyone willing to spend the dough. It's a shame we still have to deal with these things at a place like Las Vegas.
1	Never again! My promoter assured me and my friend, another female that we would be able to get into the club with no problems if we arrived around ten. We did and the guest list bitches gave us general admission passes instead of the slip of paper needed to gain access to this club for free. The line did not seem long so we decided to wait, no one was moving from our line for an hour and the host walking the line assured us he was going to get us in. Scores of girls in their "Vegas Whore"  dresses walked by us with slips of paper. We were wearing said dresses as well,but obviously we were in the wrong line. 12:00 a.m. came and went so we decided to just jump the line while the bouncers were not looking and went up to the cashier, they wanted money even though we had passes, conveniently they expire at midnight.. We went back up to the guest list bitches and host asshole, who promptly told us it was too late to get that little white slip of paper so we could get in free, to which I promptly screamed at the top of my lungs that this club sucked anyway and I would never come back and spend my money here. The music I heard while waiting sucked and the crowd was full of Jersey Whoreish douchbags both male and female. The bouncers had tremendous attitude for being short and ugly and probably have small pee pee's too. Fuck this place, I would never spend a dime here or recommend that anyone go here ever...
4	We put ourselves on the guest list Friday night got in and partied Ed Hardied!! Great music, stage show, dance floor, expensive drinks, free styrofoam LED glow sticks, LOVED IT!! Will def come again!!
2	This place SWEARS!SO flippin' Lame they made such a BFD to get into this joint...ah yes that's cuz Nelly was performing! Wait who? Oh that Country Grammar song? yeah him ahhhh ok let's get cocky now and swear we have the "Best Club" In LVFuckin retards seriously we had to stand in probably 3 or 4 lines to even be seen to get in...WTF? It was 11 of us everyone dressed on their 9s and you're gonna give me a hard time to get into your shitty club? haha I would have much rather gone to Marquee or XS this place is FAR from them therefore they have to bring in some Nelly to make them feel better.Only good thing were the free shots going around and stiff drinks.
3	I'm a jaded nightclub vet so let me set a few things straight.  I HATE bottle service at any establishment with the exception of wine and champagne.   I am not an elitest and don't like the pick and choose method of admittance because you never reallly know who someone is....and I don't pay cover.   So that being said...here goes.We were afforded the courtesy of a guest list.  I am not 20ish so I did not have on my tricking threads but dressed appropriate for a night in the club.   We were greeted and welcomed quite warmly, even kind of nicely.  We were directed to a reserved table and greased accordingly (tis the Vegas way)  The dj was tearing it up, although no Frankie Knuckles house on fire mixing, it was palatable, a little to mashy for me and a little heavy on the hip hop but I digress.We had exceptional service, not really from our waitress who seemed to be working on a husband deal next to us but from our "server assistant".  I called them bussers in my day but our guy was el fuego.  On point and two steps ahead of the game, refreshing our ice, clearing debris, freshening our glasses and basically keeping it tidy.  Danny/Jose?  Don't know but if it wasn't for him, this probably would've been scathing.   Prices were over the top for a city built on the 99 cent buffet and free flowing cocktails for the gamblers, but nothing I haven't seen in NY or Chicago.Crowd was diverse, lots of flavor and lots of stories that def should stay in Vegas.
2	I feel like Haze can be summed up with one word.  Maybe it's more of an onamonapia.  Meh.  The only reason we ended up here was because we had dinner at a restaurant in the Aria and we happened to follow a group of nice looking ladies here.  So why is Haze so meh you ask?  Here's the breakdown:Decor:  Less than stellar.  I couldn't really pick up on any kind of theme and really, it just doesn't look that nice.  In fact, it kind of just looks old and a bit run down.  Isn't this one of the newer clubs in Vegas?Music:  Not great, not bad, just okay.  Ambiance:  The overall feel of the club felt a little off and disconnected.  From the random elevated platforms in the middle of the dance floor to the professional dancers up on stage, I just wasn't "feeling" it.  Ya know?With that said, I did appreciate that the bouncers weren't douche bags making people wait in line for no reason other than to create a line.  I suppose I would come back here if I couldn't find another place to go but it definitely wouldn't be my go to spot and I definitely wouldn't wait in a long ass line to get in.
4	I was pretty torn between giving this club 3 stars or 4. I eventually decided on 4 because my only real complaint is that my group didn't get in for free and actually had to wait in line. I know, first world problems, but I'm not used to having to wait or pay. But it was kind of our own fault. Walking through the casino we were stopped by a promoter and given a slip for free VIP entrance before midnight, but we were slow getting there and they closed the VIP access right before we got there. We got to skip most of the line, but still had to wait to be let in. The bouncers were letting people skip the line for $20 each, but we weren't interested in that so we waited about 45 mins. We had to pay a $20 cover, which I guess isn't too bad, but I was still mourning the loss of my VIP access. Once we got in, we enjoyed ourselves. The club wasn't super swanky or anything, but the crowd was fun and the music was good. My favorite part was the raised platforms that only women were allowed to dance on. Great for escaping an especially persistent creeper should the need arise. Cee Lo Green performed around 2:30 and it was awesome.
2	Haze...what do I rememeber about Haze.  Oh I rememebr,  this man lady telling me to step off the little dance island so he/she can shake her thang...wang.. I walked right in so I didn't have to deal with the lines.  They looked incredibly long. But the bouncers inside were douchebags and looked all tough with their flashlights.  Dance floor was super crowded.  It didn't take long to get drinks though,  for 4 drinks it was $54.  Overall this place is whatevers.  Aria, I expect much better.
5	I don't usually rate clubs.  Same reason I don't usually allow photos after a certain hour or certain number of drinks.  But this place, wow.  If you want to live like a rock star, this is the spot.I won't tell stories, but yeah, a good spot well worth going.  Go big or go home, c'mon, you're in Vegas!I read  bunch of other reviews of this place, so just a quick note for anyone not "getting it".  You get what you pay for.  I didn't wait more than 4 minutes to get in.  Treated like a celebrity, and surrounded by some by the way. This place rocked.
1	OK we arrived at 2am at HAZE last Friday night. The place was completely dead. Probably around 30 people in the club. We left after 10 minutes and spending $45 on two shots and one beer.Better yet, some guy that was working for Lightgroup said we would get our cover comped ($20 for girls and $40 for guys) if we charge it to our room at ARIA. He went on about how he never seen everyone not get comped after charging it to the room.  Of course at the end of our trip,  both ARIA front desk and Mlife says they have nothing to do with Haze. Bunch of BS from Lightgroup. I have been here before it was OK. Basically a giant basement. After this trip, I would never go back. There are far better clubs like Marquee, Tao, and XS, that I don't mind paying cover for.
3	2 stars for the venue/crowd and 4 stars for the music. I LOVE the music here! Yes, finally a club that plays music that I like (hip hop, top 40s, with a mix of EDM here and there)I hate strictly EDM which seems to be the only kind of music at the most crackin' clubs in Vegas.However, I probably wouldn't come here again. It was easy to get in. Free, no wait, free drink cards. The venue is SMALL and the dance floor is SMALL. It's all indoors, so it does get a little hot...Also, I've never experienced so many creepy guys before! I know it's Vegas and all, so it's expected, but these guys seriously wouldn't stop following me and my girls around... ugh.
4	We went here for Halloween and I had bottle service and hands down the best customer service I have ever had at a club our waitress was great even though they were packed, our security guard was great and the busser was on it (a little too much though he kept taking our waters even though they weren't empty) the club itself is not bad...definitely not the nicest club in vegas but decent and I would come back again.
1	1. They don't give you complimentary glasses of water. I paid $8 for a SMALL bottle of Fiji water bottle. SMALL. 330mL. completely flabbergasted.2. Security there is irritating and stupid. My date and i seriously went back and forth looking for the men's restroom just because about 5 different security guards led us the wrong way. Another reason? We were front row for Boys Noize and they needed the crowd to back up because of a performance. Instead of just asking us, SINCE WE WERE JUST STANDING THERE, they pushed us back. AND kept pushing us back...because of that, one of the stupid guards hurt mine and my friends' feet (we were in heels) so we decided to take a break and take them off.... then we were TOLD we needed them on. WTF. stupid. 3. Drinks? $20 for a redbull & vodka. yupp.4. There's absolutely no control on their lines to get in. They had about 5 different lines. Luckily, I got a "free drink ticket" yet that did not make up for the 45 mins we had to wait in line....5. Most of the crowd was weird. Like I mentioned before, we went to see Boys Noize. There was only about 4-7 people around us that KNEW who he was.... not fun. 6. Be prepared for a swarm of guys once your date leaves. "Who are you waiting for?" "My boyfriend..." "Oh, really? You lyin'?" "No, you want to go meet him? He's in the bathroom." *Nasty man walks away*
4	There was a little confusion getting a table. We were quoted one price but put at a table where they couldn't honor that price.  They put us in VIP tables instead of regular tables because we are, as the manager puts it, "very good looking and I would like you up front because you add to the sexy dynamic of the club."  Yes, flattery will get you everywhere.  We bought a bottle in VIP, the manager apologized for the confusion and reduced the bottle minimum to only one.  Our personal server was on top of everything.  If my drink was half empty she promptly came over and asked if I needed a topper.  The security was very pleasant and helped the girls on and off the upper wall so they could dance safely.  That is a huge plus to me.  They even walked us to the bathrooms and offered to go "fishing" for us.  For the record I have never "ordered" girls before so it was kinda awesome and very weird.   Eduardo,  the manager promised to make sure we had a good time and to make sure we felt like our money was well spent.  He went above and beyond.  Cheers to all the workers at Haze for making our VIP visit actually feel like VIP.   It gets better.  A few weeks later I got an email from Ashley, our server at Haze (we exchanged cards) and she actually emailed.   The email thanked us for our business and once again apologized for the confusion.  She gave me her and Eduardo's contact info and invited me back next time I was in town.  For my money you can't buy better service than what we received at Haze.  I will most certainly be going back
1	Haze is officially the shittiest club I ever been to in Vegas. This review is long long long overdue.Me and a bunch of friends (1:1 ratio guys and girls) had guestlist with a promoter who guaranteed us a set price. We've done this a million times in Vegas. The girls would get in free and dudes would fork over $30.Well when we got there, even though the place is f*cking dead, the bouncer asked us to grease his palm $20 a head. Even for girls. I looked at my friend and the bouncer with "are you f'n" serious look. Not wanting to make a big stink, we complied. I think my friend went off the side or bathroom and palmed the guy $20 for each of us.We ended up ponying up $30 for each guy anyway. I thought that was strange. Later the promoter (who we are cool with) met us up and said what happened shouldn't have happened and the guy should be canned.Inside Haze, it was pretty dead. It picked up a bit later on, but the layout is awful.I got trashed though, and actually jumped on one of the platforms and did the booty dance with a bunch of chicks who actually loved it. The security on the inside yanked me by the back of the shirt rudely and told me "guys aren't allowed on the platforms". I said "why?". They said, "Just cuz man. Don't do it again." It didn't seem to bother any of the other patrons and the chicks were telling me come back. Just having fun bro, geez.I think drinks were like $20-$25 each, highway robbery.The only redeeming factor I guess is the sound system is pretty good, but the actual club is a piece of shit.Haze is definitely a 3rd tier club. We went to XS the next night, paid less overall when the promoter helped us out personally (she was upset we were treated like that) and had a BLAST.SCREW HAZE.
1	The host and security out front  were extremely rude. I was looking for my host get walked in because I didn't have to wait in lineInstead of calling him for me on the radio they told me to get in the general admission line and wait. My host finally was summoned for me and you got me in very quickly and super helpful. Once I got in the club I realize that the crowd outside was gonna over pack for venue. I was getting shoved every 2 seconds buy a rude person with a drink in there hand. The crowd was in street attire there was no formal dress code. So basically if you're looking for a club with a hood feel in las vegas and no dress code then hazes is right up your alley. Even if I had a table and free bottle service I would never attend this club again.There is nothing sexy or classy about this club that says Vegas VIP style!
5	No waiting in line, no cover and free drinks all night...how can I complain?!?  Not everyone gets this lucky, but my girls and I did, so this place gets a rave review in my book!!We were brought straight to the front of the line, ushered to a private table and were very nicely welcomed by a group who's table was right on the dance floor.  It was great to have our own personal space since the place got pack and CJ was the best security guy!  He was always looking out for us and making sure no one came into the private area without being invited.  Last but not least, I want to say a HUGE thank you to Sana Chatoor!!  I contacted reservations with a request that was definitely not part of their job description and Sana was the one to respond.  She was very responsive and professional and truly went above and beyond what I expected.  Great customer service can be hard to find, and it goes a long way...so thank you!!!
3	When I went to Haze the line situation was not organized but it wasnt horrible.  The club is ok.  Good Music. Good Vibe. BUT.... Haze is too small and too cramped and geting to and from the bar without people bumping into you or touching you with their presence is impossible.I did not hate the club, but it is not a must visit kinda place.
1	This place blows, decor is nothing special, way to crowded and service is horrble, unless you're getting VIP table don't bother, way too many better places to go in Vegas
3	Haze has been very hit-and-miss during my half dozen or so visits.  Getting into Haze is usually nothing short of a fiasco, especially once a line builds up, and you are definitely treated more like cattle than a paying customer.  The door people and bouncers are rude at every club, but most have an extra ;arge stick up their ass at Haze.  Once inside, the music is very hit-and-miss.  Friday nights are designated as their house night, but the quality of DJs has been steadily declining since the inception of their 'In The House' Fridays.  The drinks here are generally MORE expensive than most other clubs, with a redbull vodka in the ball park of $20 before tip.  The cavernous, almost gothem-esque feel of Haze has its advantages and disadvantages, but regardless leave the clubs with a very dark and somewhat seedy feel.When Haze first opened, it was touted as the newest addition to the very small circle of Vegas mega-clubs, but it quickly fell behind the 8-ball and has struggled to keep in sight of places like XS, Surrender, and Marquee.  Haze has secured a spot toward the top of the second tier in Vegas...but it's still very much second tier.
3	It was too small for the amount of people in there, and I have to say that the talent that came out to the club was eh....The sound system and lighting is alright, but the bottle service area was too close to the floor there wasn't enough space to relax.
2	$40 for guys, never a problem.$40 for this "performance" of a bunch of idiots screaming into the mic claiming it's "hiphop," problem.$10-15 for mixers that literally had a jigger poured shot, not good.As I looked upon all the 45yr old women who looked like they were "waiting to be found," I saw the gaze in their eyes and became saddened by this.The "Gaze at Haze," was sad.We left.
1	F*cking douchebag hosts and bouncers. Pretentious as sh*t.  Really?  Power trips are ridiculous!A call from a friend landed us at Haze with a table and a bottle.  This of course was after we waited for easily and hour despite being "on the list" which is such bullshit in Vegas anyway.  Much appreciated, but completely regretted after we were kicked out of our spot within an hour of arriving.  Try asking us if we'd buy another bottle ass!  We would've bought one and you might have made a bit more money.  You could've even tried being a little nice.  Instead, you were complete dick and to you sir, I only wish you endless nights of equalled douchebaggery!What saved the evening?  The fantastic company I was with, and the bar opposite the entrance.  There we found a friendly female bartender with a strong pour that made up for the first guy that sold my friend $15 Redbulls with a splash of vodka.  Freaking Vegas!
2	This club is all show and nothing more. I stayed at Aria last time I was in Vegas and it was such a nice hotel, so it's a shame at what a disaster Haze is...The club itself is ok inside, but was WAY too dark walking through the corridors to get inside. Seriously add some lighting near the floor so you can see where the **** you're walking. Inside looks pretty nice, lots of lights, just what you would expect out of a fancy Vegas club. But here's where the 2 stars comes from.. THE PROMOTING of this club FAILS...epically.. There was a group of 5 of us and a guy came up to us on the strip and offered us to get on the guest list earlier that day. It was obvious that I was there with my girlfriend and her sister and her sister's husband. One of our mutual friends (guy) was also there. He made an empty promise of getting us all inside guest list, no cover...If a promoter's goal is to shamelessly pick up women to PR for his club, then he should look for the about a million ladies walking around WITHOUT guys attached to their arms (and no ring on the finger even maybe?). We went to Aria that night looking for this guy, only to have him split the guys up from the girls. So we stood in a line for about 30 min while our girls are inside, and with no rhyme or reason, they proceed to let an ever-growing "VIP" line go inside which consisted of: douchebag dudes, 21 yo girls with their 50 something mom's (it was mother's day weekend), more and more skanks by the boatload, a few more douchebags and then they would let maybe 2 people in from our line. You couldn't pay me to believe that all of these people are VIP. If you would have let in a bunch of rich dudes in nice Italian suits, I probably would have understood...The bottom line is that promoters MAKE or BREAK a club. A glamorous club with nobody in it is a BAD club. A glamorous club with a bunch of douchebags in it is a BAD club. There are plenty of other clubs just as showy in Vegas that may be able to offer somewhat of a positive experience, you may just want to try them out. (Chateau, XS, LAX, etc). One more thing this club may want to consider is that guys usually buy drinks for their girlfriends. I wasn't impressed to walk in and see my girl dropped $40 on drinks that I couldn't buy because I was standing outside. Oh and I forgot to mention my lady got yelled at for standing next to a wall without her heels on for maybe 10 seconds? Really? Don't even know how the hell they saw because it was so damn dark...NEXT!
1	Waste of time
1	Got in here for free when i was staying at Aria over spring break, that is about all that was good about the placeto start the experience, some of Pauly D's crew was there DJing or supposed to be there or something like that.  Im not really sure because i honestly could have cared less.  I should have known it wasn't going to be that great when they were letting people in wearing windbreakers, cargo shorts, sandals, snapbacks that were twisted off to the side, and just general crap like that.  but enough about that, we went in at about 10pm, so they were just opening and it was already pretty crowded and a lot of people were already obliterated drunk and stumbling/spilling drinks/making idiots of themselves.  not going to lie, i will sometimes get like that, but it isn't until around 3am when the club is closing and i have been partying all night, not half an hour after the club has opened.  the dance floor was alright, but nothing special, and their lights were kinda cool that they had.  the TV's behind the DJ booth were a nice touch, but nothing like marquee.  The "DJ" sucked, nothing more to be said.  he would play between 3-5 seconds of a song, and then change it and this went on the whole hour we spent in the club.  the only songs he played all the way through were next episode by dr dre and snoop dogg, in the club by 50 cent, and either 99 problems or dirt off your shoulder by jay-z.  everything else was that stupid kiis fm "DJ" mix where they play a couple seconds of a million songs.  can't comment on the bouncers as i didn't have any run-ins with them, but granted we were only there for about an hour and then leftI will not return here unless they actually have some standards for dress code, get some good acts to perform, and just overall raise their standards.  Even for free, i felt like i was ripped off
1	Most awful club I've ever been too, stood in a SUPER unorganized line over memorial day weekend for an hour and we had PRE-PURCHASED tickets and they gave us a guest list pass that everyone had and still didn't just get to walk in. Never again this is the worst nightclub ever.
1	OMG Being an avid Yelper I should have known better and checked the reviews before agreeing to go there on a Saturday.  This place is a freaking joke.  My friend and I decided to go there because it was supposed to be crackin' that night and the line was incredibly LONG.  I know that it's not unusual for Vegas Clubs to have a line but to NOT move in close to an hour is just plain ridiculous!  A bunch of people were cutting in and there was no organization at all.  My friend and I decided to go upstair to club Gold and had a great time.  Don't waste your time here!
2	I would just like to say I didn't have a horrible experience like what I'm reading from other reviewers it's just not my scene or the type of club I usually go to.I was there Cinco De Mayo Weekend with a group of friends but not to celebrate Cinco De Mayo it's just May 5th to me. We went to Haze on Friday the 4th. We had a table so no hassle getting in & not crowded because we were upstairs which is very private. But, the downstairs was totally packed. I had a great time because I was with good ppl & I make the best out of any situation, but it's not my type of club. Very Industrial looking. No real decor. It's just not what I expect from a Las Vegas Club at all & the ppl at the club were not my type of crowd. Not upscale or trendy. I didn't venture off or see the downstairs area. The music that was played was good, but it was House music all night long. If you can't handle that for 6 hours go somewhere else. I did enjoy the huge glow sticks they gave out. I kept mine & I'm taking them with me to an Angels game. Lol. Other then that it's not a club I'd ever go to again.
1	Starting my review of this place while in line. Already I'm not a fan, the same VIP admission passes we used to go in VIP front of the line at Tryst in The Wynn relegated us to a general admission line here with the rest of the patrons without passes! Considering that the Aria doesn't have nearly the reputation of the Wynn or Encore this was already a strike against the place. I mean whats the point of having VIP GUEST PASSES if you have to stand in the general admission line? After them holding the line for an hour, at least he complimented my outfit, we emerged inside through the aforementioned dark hallways. We ordered drinks using the free coupon they gave us in line only to be informed that they were good only for Skyy drinks. My sister whom they had given a card that for unlimited drinks until Midnight they refused to honor beyond the first drink, ARE YOU SERIOUS!?! Dancefloor was okay sized but super packed. Needless to say we peaced out of there pretty quickly for a gay club. But not before being asked if we had bottle service or blow by some random patrons. Whatever, I'll pass hahaha.
1	WOW!!! With the exception of Darius the VIP host and Lisa our cocktail waitress this place is full of sorry ass employees! We got a table to only have them kick us out of there an hour later. They closed down the floor that our table was on because the club wasn't as busy as they anticipated it to be that night. They closed out the $2800 bill for the drinks and table and supposed to move us to another table on another level. Once all was signed and done... they decided to  give us the excuse of "no tables were available to move us to." Which I truly think was only a lie, in hopes to get us to spend more money and tip them off. Yeaaaaa, um no thank you. It's too bad they are choosing greed over principal. They should probably be concerned about pleasing customers for repeat service. A lot of the reviews, even on other sites have them scoring very low. At the rate they're going... if a potential customer thinks to look for reviews... chances are they will go elsewhere. I wish I remembered to look for reviews before agreeing to go here. Oh well, it is what it is. I'll try to remember next time : )
4	Ah, the Vegas nightlife.  I had a good time at Haze, but as with all clubs, if you don't have a table as a "home base" to sit, grab a drink, and get away from the madness if you so choose, then I'd probably pass, especially if you're a guy.  Hot girls can always find a group of guys and share a table with them. Some tables are right in the middle of the action, and some are much more secluded, so ask for what you want, and be prepared to tip!I was actually really impressed with the music here! There was a great mix of hip hop, top 40 and EDM. Great go-go/burlesque dancers, funny characters, great light show, fancy glow sticks.I enjoyed my time, and would do it again!
1	House banger: a genre of music that is labeled as a cross between traditional 4:4 house with the deep, booming bass lines of dubstep. House bangers sound especially distinct when played at over 130dB and possess no particularly dance-inspiring melodies.D-bag: any person that is a total and complete idiot. Typical visual signs of male  d-bags include shaved heads, fake diamond earrings, sparkle-studded dress shirts, and an affinity for overly-sweetened alcoholic drinks, such as AMF's. Crowded: when the ratio of people to walking space is uneven. When a club becomes crowded, you are unable to easily move. HAZE: an obscurity to vision caused by micro particles. ie: HAZE is the result of d-bags crowding the dancefloor to jump around to house bangers.
3	Can some one turn on the A/C?  Man this place gets packed tighter than a sardine can.  It's a nice set up with beautiful ladies dancing on stage, but when you need to get a drink and try to get back to the dance floor all I got to say is good luck!  Might as well stay put at the bar and finish one and take another with you back to the dancefloor.
2	Came here for one of my girls 30th bday. This club was alright  if you wanna here House music all night long!  That's all I have to say!!
1	Small, OVERPRICED, and nothing special. When you go to a vegas nightclub, you expect the best. Not at haze. The club is very small with only one long bar. Cover was more than other clubs ($40 for guys) and the drinks.....$21 for a mixed drink and $9 for a domestic beer. I wouldn't have minded paying these hefty prices if Haze was more than just a simple dance club. Was more impressed with Rain @ The Palms, which had flame throwers, crazy characters, huge screens with visuals, acrabats..ect.
1	I went to Haze a few weeks ago for a big night out and my night was completely ruined by the rude management. There were 7 of us (5 guys, 2 girls) and we had booked a table a week in advance with an agreed 2 bottle minimum. At about $1300 anyone would consider this a serious expense and would expect to have an amazing evening and to get properly treated. The night started well. We were escorted promptly to a nice table with plenty of seating etc. Ordered 2 bottles of vodka. Atmosphere, venue and music are great. All is going well. Next came the 1st mistake: I decided to close out to avoid carrying that much cash around with me for the whole night.... Error. 5 minutes later we were approaches my a member of the hosting staff (short, stocky guy with shaved head)... if only I could remember his name I would be having serious words with the management. This guy was extremely rude and abrupt. He told us they were moving us to a better table closer to the dance floor because the owner was coming in and this was his preferred table. Ha ha. He then escorted us to a table that, I'm not joking, had seating for 1.5 people and the carpet felt like it had been treated with super glue. We complained that the table was not big enough for our group. His response was "the table IS the same size".... well yes, the physical table surface area was the same, but please don't insult my intelligence after blatantly tricking us into moving. I don't appreciate being lied to, especially when slightly inebriated and after paying a $1300 bill. This nasty, rude little man ignored my pleas and walked off. Our new server agreed with me that the situation was ridiculous and I immediately requested to speak to another member of the hosting team. A new guy appeared, who to be fair, tried to correct the problem, but unfortunately the damage was already done and beyond proper repair. By this time all other descent tables with enough seating space were taken and we were moved for the 2nd time and taken to the 3rd level, in a corner, away from everything. If we'd just showed up on the night I might understand, but hang on, I'd made this reservation over week in advance. Although they did try to correct the problem, they by no means tried hard enough to appease their mistake. They could have given us a refund or a free bottle or anything really... but no.... not a bean. Pathetic! It took me about an hour of barking complaints to various different people just to get my party moved to the 3rd table. By this time, I was so angry with the situation, that the evening was not salvageable. I thought about going to have words with "said owner" at our first table, but I ultimately decided that potentially getting kicked out would not make the problem better. I've had tables at many of the big clubs in Vegas including Tao, Pure, XS and Tryst and have been treated royally in all but this one. Very disappointing.
1	This ses pool is absolutely awful! I brought 7 girls to this dive bar and was still relegated to the low bar by the monkey on the door. I wouldnt come back even if they paid me to. They think for some reason that this place is "happening", the only thing happening in this shite palace is airborne hepatitis and HIV!
1	Crummy music, VERY Crowded dance floor, if there was a fire we all would have been dead. Bouncers are really rude, no seating, no free waters or sodas for the DD. It was really gross, the nicest part was the ladies rest room.  Also the glass cups broken all over the dance floor and the fire hazard really freaked me out, I couldn't get out of there fast enough! I'll never go back to Haze, ever.
2	Not a big fan of haze its costs way to much for what it is.
3	This is a typical Vegas nightclub, pretentious line outside the club for hyping it, all mixtape hip hop music, dbags everywhere, overpriced drinks, overcrowded etc. The only positive thing I can say is that I was staying at the Vdara so they didn't charge me cover and I got priority entrance (that makes me a dbag too I guess?)
4	Haze reminds me of the days when I used go all out clubbing.  I mean glammed and glittered (lots of glitter) up, dancing to hard house, while strobe lights, mist, and whatever other cool effects were used (remember foam parties?  Do those still happen?).  The clubs would be a big dark room and there would usually be a catwalk or some sort of upstairs, which is how Haze is set-up.  I miss those days (sort of).  The drinks were strong and not super expensive by Vegas standards ($12 Tanqueray & tonics).  The DJ played more of a pop/hip-hop mix, but it was still a good time.  The crowd had a good time - everyone just wanted to dance.  I just (barely) remember dancing on a speaker.  Yup.  End of story.
3	The original plan was to go to Marquee but after waiting there for almost an hour, we decided that we could have just as much fun if not more elsewhere so I texted my promoter who immediately directed us here instead. This was my first time at Haze and although the club itself isn't as extravagant as Marquee or XS, my girlfriends and I still had fun! It really is the people that you're with that makes the night and not the venue. My promoter helped us to the front of the line and we didn't have to wait long. Before we went in, he also gave us 2 drink tickets each. Once inside, the bouncers made sure we had a good time and directed us to different tables for drinks. The guys here were actually pretty nice too and not creepy, which is so rare in Vegas. Although the dance floor was small, we actually had space to dance, which was a major plus because anyone who has been to Marquee or XS knows that you can barely move, let alone dance, there. Coming here definitely salvaged our night and we all ended up having a good time!
4	My friends and I went to this club on a Saturday evening and I don't really dig house or the whole dub step movement, and it could've been that I was a little tipsy or amongst awesome company but I really enjoyed this club! The good thing is, we got in for free, didn't have to stand in line because we were with a party bus tour (I refuse to stand in line!).  I didn't order any drinks, but did some dancing and watched a telly tubby, captain morgan, and a burlesque dancer prance around on the stage, it was very entertaining in my state of mind. There were dancers passing out these styrofoam light sticks, the lighting was awesome, the lighting fixture above us moved (unless I was just seriously drunk), and it was just visually beautiful and very pleasing.  The vibe was awesome and my friends and I had tons of fun! Good thing is, the club is right next to one of the main entrance, so not too much walking for the ladies.  The bouncers were nice and it was just too much fun! I'd go again if I knew I could get in for free and without waiting in line, although, it didn't seem too long when we got there around 11:00 ish.
2	I've been here twice, and each experience was nothing but...blah! They make you go through hoops just to get into the club even if you're with a bunch of your girlfriends on the VIP list. When you do get in, there is no "WOW" factor. The dance floor is crowded with a bunch of drunken idiots spilling their drinks on you, or pushing into you without and "excuse me," or "sorry." Now let me rip the strict as security inside who tells you where you can't stand even though you're not blocking the aisle or exit signs. Seriously... don't you have something better to do like get that drunk ass out of the club?
2	Aria is a beautiful hotel, but sadly Haze sucks. It doesn't have the same appeal as XS, Surrender, & Marquee. This club doesn't even have an outdoor area! Ummm hello?? Vegas is usually hot as hell and instead of standing around in a stuffy club, I'd rather enjoy the fresh warm air of Vegas at night. I know a lot of people feel me on this one. Not only that, but it's pretty small and there isn't a lot to look at here. The only reason why my friends and I came here was because it was Thursday night and there isn't a whole lot of clubs open on Thursdays in Vegas. Plus, I wanted to go to Earl of Sandwich afterwards and that's a short walk away from Aria. As for Haze, it isn't the worst place you could be at, but there is definitely better.
1	So my boyfriend and I waited in line for an hour. We were the second ones in line and didn't have a wristband so had to wait in the general admission line. The bouncers were serious D-bags. We were standing behind a group of four guys with a huge line behind us. After the hour we left with the friends we made in line and got smashed at one of the other bars in Aria. From what I've read, Haze really isn't all that. I'd suggest XS, Surrender and Marquee.
1	Why aria????? Why?? You had so much potential!!! Place is shit!!
2	Like the rating says...this place is meh. Came here on a saturday night and yah it was alright, but definitely not as fun as some of the other clubs I've been to in Vegas. Crowd: older than my liking...I'd say there are a lot of people in their 30's? People were not dancing that much. Not fun.Music: sucked. I came on a night when Paul Van Dyke was spinning and the dj before him SUCKED. you couldn't dance to the music and i was not feeling it. Only good part of it all was the free drinks. We came early enough to get free drink tickets and kept getting more from our promoter. That was nice. Other than that...you can go somewhere better.
5	I give this club 5 stars because all of my girls and even my two guy friends got into the club for free + all the complimentary drink cards we could handle till midnight. How can i NOT give 5 stars for that?The place is flashy, it gets packed real fast. The dance floor was ok, not too big not to small. Have a couple drinks and it'll be just right. Sometime during the night theres a robot that goes on stage. I thought it was imagining things but it was real. That was pretty cool.This club is worth the try with a good deal!TIP:Find a good promotor, they usually hang outside the club during the day to find females to get into their club. Get the promotors number and keep in contact for future reference.
1	This place is a joke.  Every person who works there are greedy, ouch! just pricked myself. Each one EXPECTS to be juiced BEFORE you even walk to pay cover.  You go to a place to enjoy and have fun.  Haze is a serious downer and buzz-kill.  Music was a joke on Thursday night.  Oh and tables, expect $450 which does not sound too bad for Vegas until you actually get to the table.  Then before you sit down, add another $100.  BTW: This is for the CHEAPEST vodka.  Not even close to Ketal or Goose.   Best advice, STEER CLEAR.  PERSONNEL ARE GREEDY ARSES.  Hit Tao or Marquee.  Level headed personnel who know how to treat customers.
4	I went here a long time ago but I forgot to review it so maybe this review doesn't mean much. It wasn't too crowded, I really liked the music, and had a good time here.So I guess based on these remembrances I would recommend checking this joint out!
5	Haze has been so kind to me so many times I have to leave a good review!  Haze is my steady standby for clubs in Vegas.  Whenever I want to have a guaranteed awesome night I come here.  Music on weekends is usually good- a lot of house music and super danceable.  What I love about this place is the strong drinks, the fun people I've met here, and how much fun you can have in the levels around the dance floor.  Although the layout could be better designed, I like it a lot better than Marquee or Tao!  I heart you Haze.
3	This is where all the people from the conference get their opportunity to dress-up and get on the dancefloor and attempt to do all the dance moves from their favorite hip hop artists. This is also the place where club bouncers get to make people line up for admission and then allow the end of the line in first in some perceived show of power. Ooooh you let in the giggly pack of blondes who arrived two seconds ago in before me. You're a big powerful hotel club bouncer. The club was all black inside. Prerfect for hiding all the dirt on those unclean surfaces. Or DNA.Yeah, the bar was perfectly willing to honor our free drink coupons. And I gave enough conference bound guys the flash oh the dimple to score THEIR free drinks away from them. HA! Suckers!Overall, snark aside, I did have an amazing time and was glad for the invite.
3	The sound system, laser lights, tv screens, and drunken crowd made this club. Decent time but admission into the club was disorderly and confusing, even for being on the guestlist. It's a pretty small club and from what I remember (it was all a haze) there was only one bar. I was nervous about the music - but the selection was decent (I prefer hip-hip to EDM, and a good amount of both was played - maybe because T-Pain was guest DJ). There are better clubs in Vegas, but Haze was an ok time.
4	Pros: Nice atmosphere, good looking folks, people are really sociableCons: Really small dance space. But massive freaking entrance hall down the escalators could have used all that space for more room in the clubI came here for the Adult Entertainment Expo Afterparty. I thought the bouncers were nice, they let me in for free because 1) I knew a promoter 2) Had my wristband from the convention 3) I have a local ID which means its free. So ins and outs are easy for me.I did hear about the issue of bouncers hustling money out of the attendants at the lines to move to the front, I can confirm these allegations from the other reviewers. But all it takes is street smarts and common sense to avoid being ripped off. Besides, I knew I was getting in so I didn't care. They even made a lot of exceptions for me, like allowing me to bring in my messenger bag inside without taking it to the coat check. Music alternates between House (Martin Solveig and Calvin Harris) and Top 40 (Katy Perry and LMFAO) and hip hop (E-40 and Too Short). Theres more to the list, but they got a decent DJ. Because it is a Porn Convention Afterparty, there were ALOT of dudes that night. On normal days, this isn't common. So just be forewarned, don't go to a porn convention Afterparty unless you are there just to ogle at porn stars. A few minuses, I couldn't get a stamp to come back in, probably because of the event that is going on. So I had to get back in line to get back into the club. What I did instead (early bird schedule tomorrow) was checkout The Gallery at the Planet Hollywood using another guest list connect to get me in before i went home.But seriously, a comment for everyone complaining about EXORBITANT prices and ripoffs. Do your fucking research! Find a LEGIT promoter, get to the club and meet him or her ON TIME, and possibly have a backup plan ready if the party got too popping and the crowd at the velvet ropes turns into a angry mob. If you come to Vegas frequently, then call your promoter beforehand, at the very best a day before you start clubbing.If I couldn't get into TAO or RAIN, I went to Revolution, Pure, Vanity or Haze instead. Always have a backup plan.
3	Good sound system, lights, and go-go dancers.Bad drinks. Small dance floor and older crowd. Promoter promotes that if you "like" Haze on Facebook, then girls get free drinks all night until midnight and guys get one free drink. You can only get skyy and it has to be a mixed drink...thus very, very weak drinks. Nevertheless, the confetti, glow sticks and characters like teletubbies made it fun and cool...sort of rave-ish.
2	We went to Haze on a Friday night. It was an ok time. Girls got free drinks - which was nice. They made us like them on Facebook to get in - which is lame. I unliked them right after just because that's not cool. The club is not what I expect in Vegas. It was no better that anything at home in San Diego. The boys got bottle service and it was just a seat on a bench that was raised a few feet above the dance floor. Not very exciting for $160 a head. The occasional confetti drop looked cool in the lighting. I will not be going back.
4	HAZE is the business!Don't partake without a table. This is rule of thumb for any club in Vegas, but especially true here at Haze as it is small and compact, size-wise.The music here is SICK! Thursday nights are the best, it's industry night. If you're off on a Friday or in town on Thursday night, look no further than Haze.The lights are amazing here and if you partake in other substances, you'll thoroughly appreciate the visuals provided to you here.There are very talented go-go dancers/ models here. Their costumes are extravagant. Haze is like a mini rave and the PLUR vibes can be felt.
3	I went on a Thursday night. The place was happening. The boy/girl ratio was good. However near closing, it was a ton of guys looking for the few leftover females.The music is dance floor loud everywhere. Practice sign language before you get there with your friends.There is a dance floor downstairs. Upstairs is a table service section with a really nice view down on the dance floor for people watching. I was talking with one of the waitresses leaning against the railing. We both liked people watching and being near invisible, because nobody ever looks up.As other reviewers said, the light system is intense. When they turn on the strobe lights, it's like trying to find your way during a tactical army simulation. It's kind of fun to memorize where things are during a flash, then move and wait for the next flash to figure out how the club has shifted.If you don't have a table, you have very limited space, where you can stand around or dance.PS: I asked the bouncer to the VIP section upstairs, if he had to give me a stamp to get back there. He said, "you just tell me that you have a table."
4	We went here on a Friday night recently with a table on the main dance floor and we had an amazing time.  The crowd was a good mix of age groups, without all the little young kids that are only looking for ass.  People were here to have a good time and dance.  We met some very nice people, and despite all the crazy drinking amongst the crowd, people were still unbelievably polite...one guy asked us nicely if he could put his cigarette out in our ashtray even though he didn't have a table.  Table service was amazing...I would give this place 10 stars for that...Candace and Kyle took such great care of us...they continuously changed our mixers so we had fresh ones...poured our drinks for us whenever they had a chance and I never saw a single melted ice cube in our ice bucket because Kyle was doing such a great job of making sure everything at our table was fresh.  The music was great too, and they had some hot ass go go dancers...they weren't too much nor too little when it came to their performance.  Candace herself was quite a looker too. =)  I think the club is a good size...any bigger and it's just too overwhelming.  From our vantage point, we were pretty much right in the middle of everything and it was great. I would definitely come back here.
1	I was in Vegas for the iHeartradio show and went to Haze after the concert. As soon as I stepped on the dance floor my foot was cut open by a huge piece of glass. They have denied they are responsible for this because they have people that clean up glass immediately. Well, obviously, it wasn't cleaned up and as a result I was cut and unable to walk or put pressure on my foot for over 2 weeks. All I was asking was for them to pay my medical bills (which were about $100) and they have refused.   I will never go back to this club again and encourage others to do the same. Unless you plan on walking on glass the entire night. Oh wait, they supposedly clean up after spills. They need better management or they should just shut down.
2	Had VIP here..but, meh. Small little club. Was a SEMA show after party. Not many peeps..music was alright, but definitely not my club of choice.
2	VIP is a lie.When they say that you don't have to wait in line that is a complete lie. Sure the VIP line to get your ticket is smaller than the other line, but there is ANOTHER line that includes everyone. I saw people from the non VIP line get in before us because they were able to work through the crowd and shove ahead. That is not fair, I did not spend my money so that my friends and I could be shoved aside to wait even longer!! The night ended up being okay, and once we got in it was fine, but the place was slammed, too tiny. Dancing became more of a shuffle and try to move so people can pass through. And the drinks are so so so over priced! Be sure to drink ahead of time, 15-20 dollars a drink!! We went to see Common on NOV,11th....he played a whopping 3 songs, and didn't show up until almost 3a.m!!! Granted he was really good, it was way way way too short! I can say I had an experience, but I can also say that we won't be coming back.
3	I attended a VIP event here so it wasn't the usual night at the club.  The atmosphere was cool, but nothing special. I have to say that most bar tenders i've come across in vegas tend to be very rude, but that was not the case here. Nicole was super friendly and recommended yummy new drinks for me to try. I am all about service :)
5	Kinda of old to be going to my first club, but my experience was awesome. The UBM Tech folks that ran Interop rented out the place and it was amazing to let loose with coworkers. The DJ, the music, the sound system, the lights, the foam - all amazing. The closest thing to a rave I'll ever attend. No pole dancers the night we went, so don't let the photos fool you.
4	Haze is my favorite Thursday night spot.  Oh how I love being a girl in the city of sin!  Haze loves the ladies and gives us extra love with free drink tickets every Thursday.Haze has the best laser show in Vegas with a wall of TV's behind the DJ and a show every night!  They had out huge foam party pumpers that have 5 different settings of colorful flashy lights.  Drink! Dance! Repeat! Haze is always a great choice if you are looking for a club that is going to be hopping with party goers till 4 in the morning.
4	After waiting for the host to get us our Guest Passes,  we waited in line downstairs.  Wait wasn't too bad...15min or so.Got in and it was hopping.  Mind you, my gf just turned 21 and this was her first real club experience.  She luv'd it!!!  Spearmint Rhino had some of their girls there, so they were go-go dancing and it was awesome.Definitely will head back out to Haze, but only if we got guest passes. Not a fan of waiting in line for a long time....but it was good times had by all!!!
1	You would think for such a top-level hotel that Aria would have a much better nightclub option than Haze.  When you're seeing random promoters just passing out free passes like candy in the casino lobby begging you to go there, I'd venture to guess that this isn't the best place to go to.Don't get me wrong.  If this weren't Vegas, I'd say at minimum that it's a decent club.  But competing against the likes of XS and Marquee, you better step your club game up or you're gonna get left in the dust.  Hell I've seen places in San Diego and Los Angeles that are better than here.  It's small and crowded, it looks like a damn box, and it gets stupid hot in here.  Oh, and I'm still paying $15+ for mixed drinks!I just literally have nothing impressive to say about this place.  Absolutely zero vibe here.  I'm just glad I got in for free...I'd never come here otherwise.  Hell, even if I got in for free, I might just go play some slots instead.
4	I came on a good night.We came to Vegas for the New Years weekend I took my girlfriend and her friends.*Laidback Luke* was also performing that night so this place was poppin. I walked into the hotel with a large group of girls, so they all got in for free. The line was short for us. Over all it was an awesome night. There were some really good DJs at first and laidback luke topped it off. We got some strong tasty drinks. The club was packed with young looking girls. Most of the perv's were distracted by the gogo dances. However, this place is kinda small, It got kinda hot, and Service was bad. But it was still really fun. The sound was amazing, so much bass. The gogo dances gave the crowd glowing foam sticks. Everyone started going crazy when they spayed foam on everyone. The lights were awesome, at one point a 8ft guy covered in LED's walked though the crowed. He had CO2 cannons strapped to his arms which cooled us off a bit. He was then hoisted over the dance floor shooting lasers from his arms. I turned to my side and saw a whole group of Asian girls dancing by themselves. We were all utterly astounded from everything that went down. I only wished more people came with us.I came on a really good night. I've heard mixed reviews about this place but its cheaper and easier to get into. This place is in my top three clubs in Vegas.
4	Was here for John Legend 12/30/12. Have to say I had an awesome time. This nightclub deserves more than 3.5 stars it deserves (4) lolMy 4 rating goes towards the fact that there was too many guys and not enough girls. They should control that boy/girl ratio. The dance floor here is rather "cozy" its not that big they should move all the VIP tables around the dance floor and just move them to the top level it is very tight on a busy night.Also one of the female bartenders here was VERY rude. I understand your probably overwhelmed by everyone, but it comes with the job. Paying $17 plus tip for a drink, I expect at least good customer service, and not get mad and throw the drink at me cause you got my order wrong.But other than that, I have to say I had a BLAST! That cool robot that comes out in the middle and shoots foam is BADASS! Will definitely come back. They have a good mix of music got my Electro/EDM fix plus some added hip-hop jams.
4	I had a great time at Haze. Beautiful girls dressed to the nines. The promoter we met by chance offered us free entry at 1am and drink tickets since my group comprised of four girls, nice! We all lined up with the others to get in. At this point, it got pretty crowded. The club was PACKED. I didn't even want to venture to the dance floor, and stayed at the bar with a perfect view of the DJ, right behind the VIP tables. I always prefer the lesser clubs to XS and Marquee. Laidback Luke was amazing! I drank a little too much and danced so much, giving no fucks to anyone's personal space around me. My friend said that when he dropped trap, we turned 10x dirtier. Aw yeah, we know how to party! Pretentious girls can't hang! Also: lots of dudes. I had around 5-10 guys try to hit on me...Really nice club (architecture wise), the light walls are so nice! Drinks are pricey as always too. The go go dancers are hot, but they are so awkward when they dance and end up standing around half the time. Boo! I can do a better job than that!!
4	I had such an amazing time at Haze during Halloween 2012 weekend. This night had amazing people and great costumes! The club was spacious and many little areas you can go drink and hang out. I got to dance with a Bumble Bee from Transformers (haha this guy had a huge costume!) and Ironman. I also got to hang out with my best friend, Jay-z (big head jay-z costume was so amazing!) It was a great place and nice to play dress up and see everyones creativity. The DJ was great, music was going, and it was pretty crazy-crowded! Services was quick and easy, big tips for those who can hear my semi-soft spoken voice in a crowded room. I had no problem dancing the night away here!!!
2	We came here to see Macklemore and Ryan Lewis perform and their set was amazing- but the rest, the DJ, the music, the bar, and the place was horrible. First off it's very small for Vegas standards. I know nightclubs are always crowded and it takes twenty minutes to walk five meters to the other side, but this place was far worse than any of the others, and it's the Aria! This is suppose to be a new hip casino that has the best of everything, and they don't. When we decided to leave (after having our eardrums shattered by the horrible mix-ups the DJ played) we ended up having to walk over the seats that people paid at least a few thousand for. Yes, we stepped up onto the couches and climbed over the glass wall, and tumbled into the crowd trying to get out. I can only imagine how bad it gets when it's a weekend night and they have a well known DJ playing.
3	Husband and I took a little vacation 1/5/13 to Vegas and ended up at Haze. I suggest splurging on bottle service. You're gonna have much more fun, dance without being squished. You can sit, stand, dance, drink, whatever..all with personal assistants there to keep your glasses filled .. great service. I'm giving 3 stars cause it was a-ok. We'll try another club next time to compare.
5	SUCH a fun experience!!!!! The club atmosphere is amazing - DJ Pauly D did a great job! Awesome dancers that are constantly giving out stuff (sunglasses, giant foam fingers, shirts, etc.). If you get VIP the experience is even 10 times better! Get up on the balcony and dance with all the other VIPs in the exclusive areas that aren't as crowded - bathrooms that are cleaner/better, etc. The light show is phenomenal and they even rained money on people! Actual, real money! I was amazed! Really though, its such a fun experience - I'd recommend it to anyone!
1	Don't waste your time or money on this shady club with unethical business practices.  There is nothing that stands out about this club besides it just being one of the newer clubs on the strip.  It has LED light panels on the DJ booth and off to the sides of the DJ booth/stage, but thats about it.  I went to see Pauly D who was an awesome DJ at the Hard Rock, so I wanted to see him at his new residency.  I'm sad that he signed with Aria because it was the first and last time I will see him at Haze.  I pre-purchased what was supposed to be VIP admission tickets for myself and my girlfriend.  The tickets say that are no longer valid if you do not enter the club before midnight.  We arrived at 10:45PM.  The lines to get into the club were a disorganized mess with staff in orange jackets huddled around each other off to the side not willing to direct or try to control any of the crowd.  There were several lines which were not clearly marked and you had to take a guess along with others in line in hopes you picked the correct line to wait in.  After waiting in line for 25 minutes, we found out the hard way along with others that were around us, that we were standing in the wrong line after reaching the front, and before we were finally directed to the correct line to get to the back and wait in again.  We patiently reached the front of the VIP line to watch the doormen let groups of people they know walk straight in, time and time again.  Hey I understand that happens once in awhile, or a group of guys in the back of the line might slip the doorman a few bucks to let them in without waiting etc., but the doormen completely ignored people in the VIP line and the only people they would let in were the ones breaking down from standing and waiting for an hour in the VIP and general admission lines and bribing the doorman the required $20 to be let it.  After an hour, a guy in line started to complain to a doorman about not being let in, so the doorman got a group of bouncers who looked at the guys prepaid ticket which says it is not valid after midnight and told him his ticket isn't good anymore so he should just leave.  WOW great customer service huh?  Well he would have been inside along with many others before midnight in the doormen were not shaking down every person in line for bribes.  So much for paying more for VIP tix vs. general admission.  Like I said I've been to many clubs in Vegas, I don't have a major problem with people slipping the doormen tips once in awhile, but the doormen should not demand it and refuse to let anyone in without a "tip" besides the expensive cover the club charges.  Why does a monkey that moves a rope back and forth deserve to make a few thousand dollars a night in "tips".  Why does HAZE management view that as acceptable behavior?  My girlfriend and I finally broke down and gave the thief posing as a doorman a $20 "tip" each, to let us "cut in front of the line" as the doorman put it, which was funny because we were standing against the rope in the front of the VIP line.  My girlfriend sweet talked a guy at the ticket booth to accept our pre-paid vouchers because they were supposed to be expired after midnight, but I saw many others in line with the same vouchers that were told they are not being accepted and they had to pay cover charge again.  Purposely making people wait in line so their pre-purchased tickets are invalid so the club can turn around and charge people cover again, plus the $20 required doorman tip in BS.  F this club, I had no problems at Marquee, XS, 1 Oak or Pure. Don't wast your night in Vegas at HAZE.  You have been warned.  Do not go to HAZE.
3	Haze is small, dark, and crowded, much like every other club in Vegas that's not Marquee or XS. I think my experience was much more fun than some of the other reviewers because there was no cover and the promoter gave us a lot of free drink tickets. Without the tickets, the drinks would have been pretty expensive.Anyways, the club was super tiny and hot, but I went with a fun group of people, so we had a good time just dancing stupid. Met some friendly people, took advantage of the drink tickets, and had a fun time. The go-go dancers were kind of funny. I think they were trying to be sexy, given that they weren't wearing very much, but I guess I find the idea of go-go dancers to be kind of hilariously absurd, so there's that.
4	Maybe the fact that I don't go clubbing at home and honestly expected to hate the experience tempered my expectations, but I (and my whole group) had a great time at Haze last weekend.  We got put on the list and therefore didn't pay to get in or wait long in line, which probably helped. I was happy the music wasn't all house since I much prefer hip-hop. The dance floor was crowded but we were always able to fit our whole group somewhere and had a blast dancing. Drink prices were the same as anywhere else in Vegas from our experience.  The crowd got kind of weird the later we stayed (as would be expected in a club I would think...), but that was easily solved by leaving once it happened.
3	Had an okay time at Haze while visiting Las Vegas last week.  They give out a lot of so called "VIP passes" to random folk up and down the strip.  When you get there you still have to wait in some sort of line.  I thought the club was packed to capacity the way they had us waiting.When we finally got in the club, it was very dark except for the lighting on the main dance floor.  The atmosphere was pretty exciting with the half naked Go Go dancers scattered around the club.  This really sets the tone for the party.  They also have a little mini stage in the middle where drunk women dance, drop drink glasses, and show their undergarments (including spanx) to everyone who will watch.  Very entertaining.The music was pretty good, but the drink prices were astronomical.  I paid $7 for just a gingerale...and the glass wasn't even full.  And of course the free drink tickets were worthless if you are trying to get a buzz.  We were staying at the hotel, so we went back up to the room for our drinks.  When we tried to get back in, they made us wait in a damn line again.So in conclusion, I don't hate this club, but of course, its not my favorite either.3 stars!
3	I don't think we would have ventured to Haze if we hadn't been staying at the Aria and happened to walk by the lobby where hosts were standing trying to get women into the club. Wanting to start our partying, we decided to take advantage of the free drinks they were promising and popped into Haze for a bit.Once inside, be warned that it is very dark (darker than other clubs I have been to) and actually a little confusing on where the bar and dance floor are. After a few seconds disorientation, we found the bar and saddled up for free drinks. We decided to be smart and got double cranberry and vodkas and made our way to the dance floor. We probably waited 5-7 minutes for drinks which was a tad annoying, but they only had three bartenders working so they were attempting to serve as fast as they could (well at least the bartender that helped us seemed to).Haze is not that big, so the dance floor gets crowded pretty quickly. Thankfully we had a place on the edge near some tables, so a group of guys with a table invited us to their space and gave us free drinks (awesome!). The table we got invited to was right off the dance floor to the right of the DJ (if looking at the DJ from the dance floor), so it was a good location. The security guard was no joke and he was like a high school dance chaperone at times, but it was nice to know he was protecting us ladies. The music was actually the best part of the club as it was a great mix of what everyone wanted to hear. The thing I disliked the most about Haze was the excessive use of strobe lights, most of it unnecessarily. It didn't make the atmosphere better or enhance my experience at all. While there was nothing inherently wrong with Haze, it just didn't wow me. There are better clubs in Vegas if you want a great experience.
1	I know how the clubs work.. Everyone is on someone's guestlist.. But this is the worst set up entrance.. And the worst staff I have ever seen from the Vegas clubs. They pile us down an escalator into a group.. Basically the table service, hotel guests, and everyone in "lines" that just funnel into ropes.. You can talk to a guy with an ear piece and pay him $20 per person for him to bring you to the front of the funnel (hustling.. And he will brag/insult u later about how much money he's making).. Once you get past the funnel and into the ropes.. Oh ANOTHER line?! Go figure!! And once you get past that line.. You get to pay another $20/$30 for guys and girls.. Ummm.. Sorry, when did girls ever have to pay to get in?! The club has a nice set up.. But even the staff inside were just plain rude.. Marquee, xs, tryst are much much better clubs to hit up!
4	So as a frequent Vegas go-er and clubber I have created a very strong relationship with Haze. We are in love. I have been to Surrender, Marquee, Tao, Tryst, Pure, Lavo...you name it, I've been there. Nothing compares to Haze. If you want to party and dance the night away -Haze is your place. The DJs are amazing and you almost always get performers ( J.Cole, Macklemore, Tyga, etc.) I enjoy clubs that play hip hop and top 40 so maybe that is why I love Haze.There are go go dancers across the club and they have a very cool VIP area upstairs that overlooks the whole club. During the night they drop down foam and use super cool lights that just blows my mind. Can't go wrong with Haze...ever.
3	If I was a baller, would have been a pretty great experience.Like almost everywhere in Vegas, unless your bffs with the staff or you have tons of cash, you're gonna get herded along and made to wait in lines galore.  Once we finally got in the place was packed but we found a spot behind the DJ that all 10 of us could chill at with our drinks.  The music was pretty good and we had a great night.  Getting in is always the hard part.
1	BEWARE!!! By the far the WORST experience I have ever had at any club in Vegas. The bouncers were pompous A**Holes! They were so rude. The line was extremely unorganized. Had to wait an hour to get inside. We were on a guest list for girls and guys to get in free, but the guys still had to pay 30. Our contact totally lied to us! Once inside it was SOOO dark and so small. You couldn't even move! We stayed about 30 min and decided to leave. I have never had a bad time in Vegas but this club ruined my whole night. I WOULD NEVER GO BACK TO THIS CLUB. Nor would I recommend it to anyone! HORRIBLE!
4	Best service in Vegas.  Love the VIP staff here and they are great and never make you wait.  ALWAYS a crowd here.  They have the best light show in their club in Vegas.  Table service is great and they are very attentive.  Bouncers are cool and take care of you very well.  Great crowd and tons of fun.  They do hip hop and EDM music.  Have fun!!!
5	I never plan on going to Haze, but the two times I wound up here I had a great time. Well thought out space, good lights, good staff - you're going to need to work pretty hard to have a bad night out, here.
3	The line to get in here is all crazy. There's like a MILLION different lines... Anyway. We finally got int and upstairs. Not a bad set up. I didn't get a chance to walk around the club much but from the top we could see everyone dancing so it was good people watching.
3	We chose Haze Nightclub on a Friday night solely because of proximity and insanely last minute plans (and by last minute I mean spontaneously deciding to go out halfway to Vegas literally at 10 PM). Since we were staying at Aria and Vdara, and Haze Nightclub is literally right there on the lowest level of Aria hotel, we conveniently opted for Haze. Hooray for no hassles in terms of walking too far in heels or hailing a taxi cab. I must preface this by saying that I will always have a clouded view towards Haze, not because of inebriation mind you, but solely because I misplaced my ID here and their management/cleaning crew were not at all cooperative or helpful in providing me with any professional direction. (Side note: To the Asian girl out there who is passing off as a 16-year-old brace-face version of Phoebe C, good luck to you. Hope you get denied from all the clubs you try to get into and all the drinks you attempt to buy.)Anyway, the space of Haze itself is what I would call mid-sized. It's not humongous like Marquee or XS, and from any one angle of Haze, you can pretty much see the entire layout of the nightclub. The bar area is at ground level, and the dance floor is a few steps down. The area for the DJ and dancers are on stage level, and to the side are roped areas for table service. With a full crowd on any given night, the nightclub does get extremely packed. You have to be pretty assertive and aggressive to even order a drink.Drink-wise, I must say their Kamikaze shots are pretty legit. While most shots need chasers, you can drink Kamikaze straight up on the rocks if you wanted to. It's that good. If you are baller enough to order table service, your table will be flowing with chilled Grey Goose, which is some quality vodka, compared to some cheap vodka other clubs try to pass off to you at ridiculous prices. Music-wise (and this might be attributed to a sign of the times), the majority of their music from the DJ was house music and EDM beats. However, it was bearable because they had some old-school rap and new-school hip hop added in. The trippiest part was the flashing white strobe lights; it made you feel like you were in a constant state of "flashing lights" (think Kanye) or in a dazed and confused drugged up state. Regardless of how sober you were. Weirdest experience ever. Thankfully, the security guard asked our group if we wanted to join one of the tables. It was definitely one of the times I was thankful to be a girl with a group of attractive ladies. Can't refuse flowing bottle service, a secluded seating area, and table top dancing. As a result, we just had a lot more space during the entire night and a much more pleasant experience. Haze is definitely not one of the "it" clubs in Vegas, but depending on who you go with and who you are able to mingle with, you can have a potentially pleasant experience. Note: This is not to say that Haze is not replete with creepers. In fact, they lurk here, there, and everywhere. So be ready to put your best b$^@* face on and tell them to f&#$ off.
1	Ghetto as hell
4	Contact the club directly and arrange VIP service. We walked past a 3 hour line straight inside. Don't buy vip passes from guys on the street! Inside the drinks were strong, the music was amazing and it was perfect for our bachelorette party.
5	I've had a few so-so experiences with this club. If you want to have a good time here, first of all get there early. Secondly, know a promoter or find one. The times I have gone here were enjoyable, especially my last visit. Had a blast! But it can be hard to get in, and a long wait especially if there is a special guest. Arrive EARLY! The drink prices here are outrageous. $17 for a cran vodka? But drink prices should be the least of your worries if you've gotten comp admission.
1	$8 Dollars for Tap Water. Wow. No thanks! Not even TAO charged me for water. Not coming back here again...you get treated like cattle and they flash those bright ass lights in your eyes...
4	Honestly I am surprised at the bad reviews but this is a non biased breakdown.Pros- Nice venue, easy and fast to get into, people are genuinely nice, drinks are not hard to get.Dj and music are usually the best here Cons-Small, and some rude attendants.Overall I think its a nice chill club. Nothing to crazy but I think the negatives reviews are people who really had a bad time but try it for yourself you wont be disappointed.
2	The door guys are complete assholes, even if you do have a table! They really look miserable. My friend had a mysterious extra $700 charge on her credit card from the cocktail waitress. I guess the waitress wanted to add on an extra large tip for herself.
1	We are staying at the aria so last night we decided to check out haze. We had been approached by a worker saying we would get in free and all you had to do is pay $20 for your first drink. So this is were it goes bad. We paid to get in got our "free drink" coupon went to the bar and was told it was only good for sky vodka! Well any other low end spirit and no we couldnt get a beer because they charge $10 for a beer....um ok we paid $20 for the "free" drink coupon. Bartendars were rude (maybe racist) and the club was wack. Save yourself.
3	Let me start by saying that I am by no means an expert on nightclubs, in fact, I rarely ever go.  But we had just finished dinner at the hotel and someone gave us passes.  It was a quick line to get in.  Smaller club than I was expecting.  Music was good.  Overall, guys were pretty creepy.  According to my brother, the guy/girl ratio was off and he was not happy.  Bar was OK, Vegas-priced drinks.  Didn't stay too long cause we had to meet up with others....probably would try a different club in the future unless I'm going there for a specific DJ.
2	I came here to see J. Cole...The line was non-existent... Horrible organization. For that I give this place the two stars..
3	Decent venue.Wouldn't be my top choice by far, but it's good as a first spot to stop by or a last stop.  I got flagged down by a promoter handing out wristbands out on the Strip earlier during the day.  He gave me some wristbands and ensured me that I would get reduced cover and a line cut. Females would get comped in...Ended up paying $20 cover (instead of $40) with some free drink tickets, so not a bad deal at all. We got in super fast, so no complaints.  Not a bad option at 2:30am!Club plays open format (mainly hip-hop) so if you or your group are anti-EDM, Haze would definitely be a viable option. Club has main floor and upper level tables. I didn't do bottle service here, so i can't comment on that. But Haze is managed by the Light Group, and I know they have great deals at 1OAK, so I'm thinking it's the same at Haze as well. Crowd here is similar to the one at Pure. I used up my drink tickets, but shots of Hennessy and Patron were $15 a piece. Just about average for Vegas prices. Club wasn't jammed packed, so it was easy to buy drinks.Really 3.5 stars, but I can't see myself going back unless it was a last club of the night option or I got comped in for free. Not bad, but theres so much more in Vegas!
4	My first ever night club venture was haze for Pauly D's birthday. Yes the same Pauly D from Jersey Shore and I didn't know he was a really good DJ. Anyway, my friend had one hell of a time trying to get us in this club for free and when he did I was really happy. There is no strict dress code to adhere from, but I dressed nice enough to party and have a good time and you should too. The setting of the place is nice but I wasn't too thrilled with the dance floor being packed with the stage coming out and an island where mostly all the ladies were dancing on.The bar was nicely lit and the drinks weren't too strong but for some reason a red bull and vodka costs more than a Gin and tonic? The music is mainly top 40 and some Edm. Since it was Pauly D's birthday, the music was better but of course some of the music gets replayed and people are too drunk to figure that out.Last but not least the reason I gave this place a one star rating is the amount of people who just stand there. Yes it's a biased point of view but why bother going to a night nightclub like haze and stand there or better yet make fun of other people who are actually trying to dance. True story, an Asian kid was dancing all by his lonesome and a couple of pretentious white girls clowned on him. My friend told me that he told those girls to buzz off and that was the end of them. Just a tip, if you want to stand and clown, go to a bar not to a nightclub.Since this was my first nightclub in Vegas, I will venture to other places but in the end, I really liked this place.
4	i like this club the only problem its one one the smallest clubs in las vegas only one dance floor other then that its one of the best.
3	Look for people in the strip handing out free drink or entry tickets!Great music, good size, nice atmosphere.
2	We lost half our party after they got turned off by Gold. This wasn't much better. There was more dancing and I danced a ton, hello, raised podium! We got some club photos taken, super fun and clear on spyonvegas.com. At one point, we were invited to VIP which was weird because honestly, I didn't want to be there. I think they got that feeling because we got kicked out of VIP after a few songs, LOL, ok... Because it makes total sense to invite a group and then uninvite them, right? We left after that. We got some great dancing in here but without my group of girls, this place would have been a bust for me. Oh and to get in, they corralled you in like cattle.
1	If I could put 0 stars I would. I'm usually an easygoing person when things go wrong but this club was the WORST! At first it started off great the bodyguard who escorted us in to get us the table WE BOOKED put us through the first line. Then in the second line we got problems. First of all we booked a table for my friend birthday and then they told us they overbooked and gave us 2 free drinks card to "fix" it. I'm sorry but overlooking a table is NOT a solution.Then after we decided to let it go we go to the bar and waited literally 45 minutes AT THE BAR while the bartenders went to everyone else (mostly guys) but us. I live in Vegas and already went to numerous clubs that were packed and never received the service from the bartenders I got here...NEVER. The worst thing about this club is they had a techno robot who came onto the dance floor...that sounds cool right? Well how about instead of the DJ or bodyguards making an announcement for us to make room they literally manhandled everyone off the dance floor and everybody trampled on each other! It was horrible.I went to XS, Pure, Cosmo and NEVER had to deal with all the problems we had here. I will NEVER go here again living here for the next two years and I will make it my business to spread the word that nobody else should go here. It's so sad because locals talk to tourists and tourists take out advice into consideration. If they actually treated us like real people and made everyone feel welcomed it would've been another story. I won't be surprised if people never go to Haze again...I know me and a huge number of my friends will be in that number. Smh.
4	I had a blast in this club; the place is huge and very nice. The music was popping thanks to the DJ that night. I really loved how bubbles would fall from the ceiling (it looked like confetti), that was awesome! I would say the only bad thing from my experience here was getting to the place as it is inside Aria and the drinks were $15-$17/each. BUT I would pary here again.
4	Came here because a promoter on the strip said we could get in for free.  Wrong we had to pay $20 cover.  As soon as we walked in we were stopped by the bouncer at the VIP lounge he let us in and we hung out there the entire night and had a good time.
5	All Vegas clubs are what you make it. I always have a great time. complaining about  long lines is pointless because that's what your going to get here in vegas some type of wait. Diverse crowd, diverse genres of music. Also can't believe everything you hear from people on the strip about clubs because they will get your expectations to high and when its doesn't go exactly how your thinking then its a completely ruined experience
4	To be honest I was a little skeptical on going to Haze for a homegirl's birthday this past Friday night after reading some of the other Yelp reviews, but I was in for a surprise myself.My friend ordered a table and bottle service before we went inside. The promoter was nice enough to get the guys in our party in for free, and we got in without a hassle. As we went in, we were finally lead to our table (which was in the back area away from the main dance floor). This table area is not as crowded as compared to having a table on the main dance floor. Music was really great, the DJ had some great sets ranging from EDM, house, top 40, and old school hip hop. Ambiance was really eye popping, with a moving light structure over the dance floor.Service at our table was great! Our server and promoter kept coming back to check up on our party to see if we were okay. Our personal security guard was great as well, checking up on us if we had enough space, etc. There was one moment where these 3 guys sat on our side of the booth, and security was on point in getting them out of there in a timely manner. The only reason why this review does not have 5 stars is because of the bar near the back table areas. There were only 2 people behind the bar, one of them being the bartender, and some other guy that couldn't take drink orders (wtf?). It took me a long time to get my drink, but other than that I can say I had a good night and was served well at the table.Being a local here in Vegas though, I wouldn't really go to Haze as a first option to go to, but it really was a good experience here!
1	IF YOU GET A WRIST BAND FOR "FREE ENTRANCE", RUN AWAYIt's a scam, they will charge you anyway, and they get pissed when you question that. Ugh this place is what annoys me about Vegas. I know you have to go to Vegas ready to spend a lot of money, but I hate it when things just feel scam-y. So it's Saturday during the day and we're walking around near Aria, every 10 minutes someone comes up with wristbands and says "Hi, come check out Haze, these wrist bands get you in for free". Finally, after hearing about it all day we decided to give it a shot. "$30 dollars for guys, $20 for girls." Wait what? Sorry but all these promoters said free. "Well, that's not our fault, that's their fault, so pay or get out of the line". Why is there even an our fault vs their fault? Don't you all work for the same club? Why do you have people literally blatantly lying all over the strip? I'm seriously ok with dropping a lot of money to go to a club, but it's annoying when you get people by scamming them.Since we waited a long time we decided fineee we'll go in. It was awkwardly empty (seriously? it's Saturday), water cost $8, and the whole thing was really underwhelming. We left pretty fast. Seriously, don't do it.
1	The WORST nightclub I've ever been. We were waiting in line for 30 min to get into it but that was ok, since we got the bracelet outside on the strip we paid 20$ at the door for "a drink" and technically the entrance was free. So as we entered we went to the bar which had a huuuuge waiting line. We went to the smaller bar, it had 2 girls bartenders wearing their corsets, we were waiting for the WHOLE HOUR to get our drinks!!! They were incredibly slow, don't know how to work in the fast paced environment at all. Especiall yone of them was paying attention to some VIP customers making drinks for them like very 10 min and just happily chatting with them. We went to the dance floor and realized that the music just more then SUCKS! Even when the DJ was starting some good song in 5 seconds he was ending it mixing up in some bullshit, only those who was drunk as hell were happy with that. It would be much better if they just turn on some Love radio or something so it wont suck so bad. And that was Friday night - I thought it would be better at least on that day. Oh ya plus its about 80% of guys in the club. Never ever in my life going to this club again!!! so advise to u.
3	We had a decent experience, so I didn't find Haze to be as bad as some of the other reviewers had stated.Our promoter got us on the guest list and we were each given 2 drink tickets which expired at midnight...we had arrived around 11:30pm and didn't know this, so none of us got to use our drink tickets...oops! Lol.It was funny, however, we ran into this gentleman who had seen us walking around the hotel...I guess he was staying at Aria too, and he offered to buy us all a round of drinks. Later, he generously bought into another group's bottle service so that we would have a place to rest our sore, high-heeled feet. They turned out to be really nice and respectful as well. We all enjoyed good, clean fun just chatting and dancing.The venue itself is on the smaller side, nothing like XS, Surrender, or Marquee, but I guess whether or not you have a good time depends on individual experience.
3	Ugh Jesus mother fucking Christ. It is literally taking a decade and a half for DJ Pauly D to come out. It's fucking 1am, my feet are hurting, just come out already. Don't fucking tease us by bringing out your laptop and then having your friend DJ for 45Minutes
4	My friend and I went here on 8-24 to see DjPaulyD.  We had an awesome time. We got bracelets on the strip for free entry.  We got in line and had to pay $20 and then were given a drink coupon. The pour was good on the comp drink. We were in early enough to get front row for PaulyD. We waiting two hours to see him DJ and it was soooo worth it.  Next trip to Vegas I wold like to try this club when there isn't an event.
4	Haze is a beautiful club. The layout with VIP and the regular section is really cool. I've only been one time and it was a great hip-hop/house fusion the entire night. The DJ played the right mix for everyone to enjoy. Here's what I didn't like: the door girls at the front were rude. Cover changed for everyone. For some people it was $30, some were $40, some were $50. It was a bit annoying.
2	After discovering that Marquee (Cosmopolitan) isn't fully open on Thursday nights, we decided to check out Haze since it's in the casino next door (Aria). As we were walking over there we were handed wristbands for "free entry". I will say this - there was a separate wristband line and we walked right in, past the people who were in the "no wristbands" line. But the free entry was (not surprisingly) a joke. It was $20 per person (same for girls and guys). We all got free drink tickets, but then when we got inside they wouldn't let the guys use theirs! It was already pretty late (close to midnight, the time that the drink tickets 'expired') so my male friend and I quickly shared my drink and then I went back up and used "his" drink ticket to get a second one. Still, such a pain.The layout of this club is weird - very long and narrow, very tiny dance floor. The DJ that was there the night we went was horrible - changed the music every 30 seconds (if not more often than that).It's not the worst Vegas club I've ever visited, but when there are so many amazing places to choose from I'd say skip this one.
4	Haze is a very nice club.  I didn't enjoy the long lines or the fat that there were no seats available for regular patrons but I guess that is one of the clubs rules.
4	If you're anything like me and actually know how to move your body to the beat, you are bound to like this club. I've been to all the vegas mega clubs (Marquee, XS, surrender, light) and I don't understand this EDM craze where everyone just jumps up and down and pumps his fist while worshipping the DJ... Don't you wanna DANCE?HAZE is perfect for that: good mix of top 40s, hip hop and house. Fun, mixed crowd. Get on a guestlist and receive free drink vouchers (my hot girlfriends and I got 3 each). My high view of this club may in part be attributed to the fact that I am no longer 21, hate crowded clubs, and had the perfect buzz going all night... but my sober gf said that she had just as much fun haha (and by not crowded I mean the club was still packed but I didn't have to shove my way to the bathroom)If you're tired of shoulder to shoulder crowded dance floors, crazy power trippin bouncers, and people who can't dance, go to HAZE!
5	I was walking from hotel to hotel with my friend Steve when we found this place. We tried to get in and they said there was a dress code. I had a sweater on and my friend was wearing a hat. They told us to come back the next night. We both shaved. I wore a suit and I gave my friend my Facconable shirt to wear. I valet parked my truck. Once we walked in on the second level there was a line around the hall back to the buffet. We went down the escalator past the staring 2 hour line of people to the front of the club. A man and his wife were waiting to go in and they had lots of jewelry. We told the bouncer who looked like Shaquille O'neal our names and we were on the list. They were like you own a hotel right. And we said yes. There was a five minute wait then the host took us to our table. The list of bottles to order lit up and the waitress that brought it to us was hot. We didn't want to order yet, so we went to get something to eat and come back. When we came back hours later a crowd of like 30 girls were screaming our names. It was like we entered another dimension. We were on top of the world! VIP treatment all night. We were there until like 7 in the morning...all I remember is having the people in suits help me to the elevator and into a waiting taxi in the valet area. I had to go to my friends house get his truck then come back at night to get my truck. What an unforgettable night lol.
5	Haze is one of my favorite clubs to go to in the City Center. The music is always on point and the drinks are always strong. I would highly recommend you coming to Haze Nightclub at the Aria if you're visiting Las Vegas! Get a VIP Host to make you a bottle service reservation. Trust me, it's honestly the best way to go for a guaranteed good time!
5	I had a ball! It was my birthday so i partied and it was also my 1st time at the club! I really enjoyed it and can't wait to come back
5	The food was amazing! Finger foods included shrimp lettuce wraps, mini cheeseburgers and fries, and more. The hand-passed hors d'oeuvres for private parties are incredible. The drinks were pricey but creative and well-made. Not sure I would stand in line for club entrance, but I had a great time!
1	The bouncers and security guards would rather keep you waiting outside so you'll bribe them to get in than bring people inside to pump up the party. I've been to many clubs, but these security guards are whack. We were one the guest list, free till 12, we got there at 10, asked us for a 100 dollars to get us in or wait an hour, kept us in line till 12:30, then tried to charge us for entrance. They're crazy. Their free drinks  are a joke too. Go to marquee! They are opposite of everything I just listed.
2	Haze has the potential to be a decent club, especially since it's located in the Aria. There are so many levels, stairs, hallways it gets to crowded to even see the stage. They packed people in there over capacity, it got so tight at one point no one could move. I would give them another chance but would rather spend my money for a show instead of sweating next to some random person while we are basically on top of each other.
2	My friends and I were debating on wether to go to haze or 1oak for the night and we settled on this place because Wale was performing.  I had higher expectations with this place because it's located in the aria, but unfortunately, it was pretty disappointing. The venue is located downstairs. Right when you walk in you see the bar area which is pretty long and narrow and next to it is the VIP area and dance floor. I felt the whole space was just too small and there was hardly any room to dance, let alone move around comfortably. The drinks were pricey and weak. Although we got drink tickets, only the girls were able to use them. They were also charging $8 for tap water. Like wtf. Are you kidding me?The dj, dj loczi was meh. He played mostly Edm and a little hip hop, but his transitions sucked. Wale was set to play and it was probably the only redeeming factor for me, but he showed up late and by that time my feet were hurting. I was over it. Vegas clubs are supposed to be extravagant and over the top but I felt the only wow factor of this place was the moving lights and big screen. Everything else was lacking. If you're thinking of a club to go to, I would probably skip haze and look for some place better.
1	Came here with my friend on Friday night and we left after 20 minutes. First of all, the music sucked! It was a combination of rave/pop. I know this is LV and people are allowed to smoke in clubs but I seriously saw about 4 guys smoking in that 20 minute period and it filled the air with smoke. Combined with that awful Halloween haze that was constantly being shot into the air made it difficult to breathe. There were also tons of creepy guys lining the dance floor watching these mediocre looking girls dance in this platform stage in the middle of the club which made it hard to dance. Only good thing I can say is that the go go dancers were hot. Skip this club if u like hitting up clubs and not raves.
1	This is by far the worst club I have ever seen. Avoid at all costs.The crowd is trashy. Music is even worse. Drinks are limited. And nothing special at all with the venue. Disgust.
1	The music was all right. The experience as a whole was not at all good. I got my money stolen from my pocket and on contacting the security, they said they could not do anything as the girl who stole did not have it on her person (duh!). Ruined my whole Vegas trip! Will not be going to this place during my next trips. Just be aware of your things and wallet.
3	Good hip hop club, crowded and crowd is pumped! Bartenders kind of snotty, $15 each for a patron shot? But ok lol. Got 4 of them anyways. Had fun overall, no cover, easy entrance. Coming from NY to LV we realized the bottle service is different. The cheapest bottle is Sky Vodka $475 and I think LV has a good supplier or some type of deal with Sky Vodka b/c the advertisement for that brand became really irritating along the entire trip. Wanna have a good time? First night out? Thursdays night!      Enjoy.
5	Otima boate , musicas excelentes , hospedes hotel aria gratis se chegar antes da meia noite. 2 drinks freeBoa, demais!!!!
5	Had a great time here ! I don't normally go out but I went out when they had Sage the Gemini performing since his two songs "Gas Pedal" and "Red Nose" are two of my favorites right now. I got on the Guestlist with a group of friends and the guys only paid $20 and the girls got free drinks til midnight ! At was basically a concert! The DJ was great, he plaid everything from House music, to top 40 to hip-hop. As a local I can definitely say I will be back !
1	My friends and I decided to go around Vegas on a Saturday night and probably hit up a lounge but ended up in Haze because it was quite a boring weekend. We didn't wait that long because almost nobody wanted to get in. (The first time I tried getting in was in 2010 because we stayed in Aria. We were in line until they said that the dance floor was small and the place is mighty packed, we took pictures with friends and left for another club.)While in line, my friends and I were talking about their past experience with Haze, how the dance floor was small and it wasn't "All That" but I wanted to experience it myself and besides I was too lazy to walk to another hotel and get in line for another club. One thing for sure, I might not go back to that club unless any of my friends decide to celebrate anything there. The dance floor was small, some of the people in the club were a bit iffy and the music wasn't that good for that one day. Some places make it work even with just one dance floor but I don't know about that night if it was just the DJ, but basing on other people's review, it seems like it's for every night. Anyway, I had higher expectations because it is in Aria but to be honest, comparing to other clubs I've been to in Vegas, don't waste your money here unless it is the last choice. Just don't do it.
2	Ok, so I want to give Haze just one star, but I ended up somewhat enjoying the night, so I'll give it 2.First off, Haze is not a popular club. It just isn't. Why do you think you can get wristbands for free entrance and drinks and everything just on the strip? Why do you think there are internal promoters inside the hotel that try to get you on the guestlist with just a couple hours' notice?Anyway, so apparently the wristbands from the strip are by one promoting company and they "trump" the internal promoter's guestlist passes. They workers at the club/line can't legally tell you to take off the wristbands if you have also gotten on guestlist through their internal promoters (but those are the better bet anyway because girls get 2 free drink tickets, and guys have discounted entrance I think).We got in, and it's tiny. I was underwhelmed but at least I didn't have high expectations like I did for Hakkasan. There's one bar and one dancefloor. It ended up being kinda fun because they play hip hop and some EDM (but not mostly edm like most clubs).
4	Pretty underrated on Yelp I have to admit. Getting in was a breeze, especially with working with promoters before arrival to Vegas to get everyone in for free if you have a 1:1 girl:guy ratio. The club is very big and lots of room to dance. They gave all the girls 2 free drink cards which is always nice. The music was a mashup of hippity hop and house which are the two major club musics these days. They had go-go dancers and a center stage playing music and it was a good vibe all around. People were breaking glasses on the dance floor, that was unpleasant since nobody came to clean it up or anything. Getting to the bar was a nightmare however and the free drink cards were limited to only certain drinks with vodka. A little stingy guys. Overall we had a good time going to this club. It's not your go to a rave club, it's an actual club. You know, the ones that used to be popular before the EDM scene blew up. I actually like coming to clubs like these because they are so rare now and it's good to switch it up. If you want the "club" experience, this is your place. Clubs like XS are more for raves and concert performances. So curve expectations based on what the club is and don't bag on it based on what it is not.
2	I really hated my experience at HAZE. My girlfriends and I got free admission to HAZE through some random club promoter (he said we had get in the club by midnight--okay, no problem!). BUTTTT, when we got to HAZE at 11pm (with plenty of time to spare until midnight), there was a HUGE line to get in, and we had to wait at the back of the line (contrary to what the promoter had promised us). By the time we got to the front of the line, it was already 12:45am.... So we ended up paying a cover charge since we had already waited for SO LONG, might as well go in. But once we got inside, the music was horrible and the design of the club was super confusing to navigate! We left after staying for 20 minutes and will NEVER come back again!
5	Haze nightclub inside aria resort and casino is my favorite nightclub in Vegas. There are many reasons to why it is the best and my favorite. For starters the music is always great and on point. Especially when there's a performer. Haze has a great performance stage unlike any other club so it makes seeing the performer a whole lot better. Compared to other clubs who make their performers perform in the Dj booth, haze has the best set up. The music type is hip hop, top 40, and some edm. But mainly hip hop and top 40Next, the layout of the club is by far superb and the best. The dance floor is big enough so people can actually dance and people are not shoved in a little small space. There's enough room between the table reservations guest and the dance floor, so not everyone is shoulder to shoulder. Haze is a two story club that has a great view of the Dj/performer. I honestly rather be upstairs on the glass looking straight directly at the Dj and or performer than being eye level and having to push your way around to see the performer. Being on the top glass you have no one to worry about being in front of you. Perfect view of who's stage.Another pro about the club is the staff. Haze nightclub has a great staff from their management team, host, cocktail waitresses, bussers, bartenders, and security guards. Everyone is so friendly and quick to respond to any customers need. They have everything running smooth and efficiently. The haze dancers are also amazing to watch dance. There are tons of dancers and all cute! During the night the dancers go on to a stage and do a little dance/ show in front of the crowd which gets everyone going. Also, prices in the club are reasonable. Not to expensive but also not too cheap. The average drink at the bar was about $15-$20 so not bad. At first I thought it was a little too much but after having the drink you can tell the bartenders were not shy with the liquor. Lastly, the experience at haze nightclub has been one for the books. I could have not asked for a better time here and everything about haze made it memorable. One thing I will say is if you plan on coming here, plan on doing table reservation with bottle service. It may sound like a lot of money up front but if you break it down it's actually a lot cheaper than going through general admission. Expect to pay $120-$200 a person, might as well put all that money together and get table service. The breakdown: entry roughly $40 a person, few drinks at the bar $60 to how ever many drinks you buy, the inconvenience of waiting in line outside the club and bar... Way more stress. Getting table reservation there is no line and you get more drinks than you would at the bar and you have a place to sit! I  definitely will be coming back and I will be telling all my friends about this nightclub.
4	I have personally stumbled upon this club twice and each time has been great. Each time my friends and i were able to get free entry and a complimentary drink. Music is always on point with the top 40 and good hip hop. It does get pretty crowded from time to time because the dance floor is not huge but you should expect that with most clubs. The dress code was a lot more relaxed which is always enjoyable for girls with heels. Very helpful and very accommodating staff. We went last night and saw Wale for free couldn't ask for better night.
3	Ugh, typicalLured in by the internal promoters with blue wristbands , we supposedly had free entry with the purchase of one drink. OK, well that drink was 20$, surprise surprise. at least it was a heavy pourSmokers were lighting up all around the bar, rowdy crowd in their mid 30s, and loose dress code: saw polo long sleeve tees and heavily bearded menMusic was an OK mix of edm and hip hopOverall an OK experience, certainly nothing special about this place
1	NYE at the ARIA hotel so we decided to head over to the club at the hotel. I have to agree with the previous yelper ughh it was disorganized, the staff was completely rude. They behaved as if they were doing people this huge favor. I was disappointed because I have been to a few other clubs that are amazing such as XS,Tryst and clubs in Hollywood. The actual performer (John Legend) was good but the venue and staff needs to learn a bit of courtesy. I saw a women get pushed by a bouncer. The bartenders were trying to charge people for drinks although it was open bar. It was a complete mess. Never again ! I would not recommend this place to anyone. Sucked !!
4	As you walk up and down Aria you will get stopped by promoters everywhere to give you those little passes to get in for free.I actually got stopped by one girl to get my name on the guest list (up to 4 people) but the drop off was the opposite end of where I needed to be so I ended up not putting my name on the list.However, I did end up going to Haze in order to try to get in and see Far*East Movement.I got there at around 11 and I believe we got in at 12 or 12:30.The set up of Haze is really nice. Spacious, the bar is clear away from the dance floor and it wasn't too crowded when I was there. I ended up getting a spot right in front of the dance floor. Having gone for the sole purpose of seeing FM perform, it was a great experience. I even got to go in the back and kick it with the guys for a while.
1	I totally get it that drinks are expensive at Vegas clubs.  I totally, totally get it.  But, I'm sorry, charging $43.00 for two drinks (before tip) is unconscionable.  $22.00 for a Knob Creek on the rocks, really?  $21.00 for a vodka and Red Bull, really?  What else do you need to know about this place?
2	***I am not familiar with dance clubs so I am not sure how well HAZE measures up to other clubs, but this one seems to fall short based on other Yelp reviews here; for me, the club had a very boring look (a big, dark and completely forgettable space with a bar here and there and occasional seating); given that this club is on The Strip and located in the new and well-designed and upscale Aria hotel, I would suspect a much more thought out and creative look and atmosphere***Aria like all the other major casinos and hotels on The Strip offers complimentary self and valet parking.
5	Haze good music hip hop top 40 and some edm the vip staff is always attentive and makes you feel royal the security at your VIP table is always there for you making sure your safe and not bothered by the ones that just can't hand there alcohol the venue floor plan is perfect and there light display is epic this is a must go too nightclub aria casino is amazing and the industry party Thursdays is where you want to be thursday nights at haze I'll see you there dance floor table.
5	If you're in Vegas..a stop at Haze Nightclub located at Aria hotel is a MUST. Walking through Aria, you will be stopped by promoters everywhere..willing to place you on their guestlist, or give you entrance tickets. If you have the money, VIP bottle service is the way to go...it's definitely the true "Las Vegas Experience." Me and my girls decided on the bottle service option. We arrived around 11pm, and got in 15 minutes later. The door is very organized. Inside the nightclub is very large in size, with multiple levels...all within a great view of the Dancefloor. The stage is centrally located, making for a great performance venue as well. They have some sick performers on the regular...John Legend was there for NYE and I heard nothing but great reviews. Bottle service was affordable in comparison to other clubs I checked into. Music was on point...they have some awesome DJ's that keep the vibe going until the early hours.
5	Everytime I go to Haze I'm always accommodated quite generously. The party is always great because of the music. They play open format which is a mix of everything which is great to switch the pace of things from time to time. I personally can't take EDM the entire night.From time to time they tend to bring in live entertainment which is a breath of fresh air in the club scene.Front door is tidy and organized with a guestlist check-in before you reach the escalators and table check-in at the bottom of the escalators.There are 2 bars, one located on the bottom section of the club which is the long main bar and one in the back.Haze is located at the Aria which is, in my opinion, still one of the best hotels on the strip. It's actually beautiful.For anyone interested in going to Haze just make sure to have reservations wither it be on the guestlist or for a table.
4	Went to Haze last night for the first time and had a blast. Haze is in the beautiful Aria Resort & Casino. I love coming to Aria, it is a great hotel. Upon arrival to Haze we were greeted by some promoters who pointed us to the escalators that head to the front door. The hosts at the ropes were very helpful with telling me which line I should stand in. They had a line for table reservations, invited guests and wristband holders. Seemed pretty self explanatory but I appreciated the customer service. I did not have a table reservation or was I an invited guest or wristband holder so I got myself into the only line with no sign, which I'm assuming was the general admission line. The security who checked my ID was very polite and made friendly conversation while I was waiting in line. I waited about 10-15 mins before I got to the front. Not so bad for a nightclub in Vegas. When I got to the front they told me that locals were free and all I had to do was show my ID to get in. Awesome! Not a long wait and I got in free? Not bad at all.Inside the club was full of energy. The DJ was playing a great mix of hip hop and house music. There were great go go dancers and the lights in the club were pretty intense as well. I managed to get a drink at every bar so I was able to really explore the club. All the bartenders were very friendly and it was impressive watching them work in such a busy atmosphere. Drinks were around $15, a little pricey but hey it's Vegas. The club was pretty busy but I still managed to move around easily. The upstairs bar was definitely less crowded then the downstairs ones so it was good to venture up there for a bit. From upstairs you can over look the dance floor which was a high energy mob scene. It looked great, people looked like they were having the time of there lives. From upstairs I could  see all the people with tables and bottle service as well. They seemed very comfortable, roped off with there own cocktail waitress and security. Bottle service does cost more then general admission but from interacting with a lot of the Haze staff and experiencing the customer service they provide, I feel that it might be worth it next time I come because they really know how to take care of people. I recommend coming to Haze nightclub, great spot.
2	I first want to say that when I went, I didn't just stand in a corner by myself and gripe about all the pretty girls and act all mad and insecure. I danced, I drank. I got invited to V.I.P. So I had a full experience.So why the two stars?We were approached by a guy on the street who said if we were on his list, we'd get in fast and have an open bar for the rest of the night. So we show up before ten and call the guy and he walks us to this long line, and after waiting for like 30 minutes we're handed 2 drink vouchers which is apparently only good for cheap vodka and cranberry or orange juice. Come on man!!! That is not open bar! We could've gone to Tao and got a better deal!!! And from 11-12:30 the music sucked!!! It was so bad and there was no Pauly D like promised... So mad. Needless to say we left around 1 and went to Fat Tuesday.What I did like: the dress club and atmosphere. This was a hip club with hot people. However, it was ridiculously over crowded. If there's no room to dance, it shouldn't be called a dance club.Learned our lesson and will never come back.
4	We had a blast at HAZE! The club was crazy! The crowd was crazy! The dance floor was packed. DJ was pretty good. Everyone seemed having a good time!
5	Went to Haze on a recent Thursday, which is their "industry night". My friends and I (locals) got in free and without any problems. I had been to Haze a few times before, but this was my first time coming on a Thursday. Everyone was friendly, and a VIP host there hooked up me and my friends with some drink tickets. It did get pretty crowded by 1230 or 1am, but that's because Haze is the hot spot on Thursday nights! My advice is to either get there early, or splurge on bottle service... They have great deals for locals on Thursdays as opposed to other nights. The music started off chill but eventually worked up to a high energy mix of hip hop and EDM. The DJ was on point that night, but I forget what his name was. I'll be back!!!!P.S. You can't go wrong going through a promoter or host... That way you have someone who knows what's what and will "show you the ropes" so to speak.
3	This place would have received 5 stars from me if not for the disingenuous nature of the club when it came to pricing. We went on the night Nas was there and in general had a great time. The music was good, crowd was generally fun and outgoing, and while crowded, there is a lot to the place. The part that made it all a bit worse was how our entry was handled. We were given a wrist band that said free entry with a drink purchase. Except the drink purchase was $30. I know, I know - oldest trick in the book. With that said, the drinks were quality and $15 normally so I guess in reality we (males) paid $15 to get in. Still, probably the most expensive drinks I've ever had at a club.
4	Haze was the first stop on our Club Crawl ---and the last. We ended up having such a great time that we didn't even get to the other clubs on our nightclub schedule. The Club Crawl did help us get closer to the front and bypass the massive lines. The music was a nicely mixed--top 40, hip hop, R&B and some throw back hits. Nas made a special performance and entertained the crowd for a few songs. Loved that addition. There were quite a few celebs in attendance, including Floyd Mayweather. We ended up closing down the place, not something at all I'm accustomed to, and turning in around 6am that night. The stage performers, sporting leotards and Mohawks, were interesting and quite the dancers. We were invited to go upstairs to the VIP booths, but felt no need since all the fun was on the dance floor. I had one of the best night outings in recent memory at Haze. We celebrated one of my friend's birthdays and we couldn't have asked for a better time.
5	Went to Haze a few weeks ago with some out of town friends.  We decided to do bottle service.  A host Isaac hooked us up.  He went out of his way to get us a great table.  Our waitress and runner were great.  She was always there to make drinks and keep the party going.  The runner was unbelievable.   I've never seen someone work so hard to keep our table area so clean.  Music and vibe were great and the crowd was full of hot chicks.  I will definitely take my friends here again.
4	Dang! 2 1/2 stars seems rather harsh for a Vegas nightclub. They are all pretty similar to me in terms of having a good venue and wanting to appear exclusive and whatnot. Anyway, I loved Haze and had a great time here. I went about a month ago in January and saw DJ Pauly D!!! We got on the list through a promoter (which sounds cool but it's like the least hard thing to do in Vegas ever you just walk down the street if your a halfway decent looking girl) and got in with some drink tickets around midnight. Bar was crowded but eh, to be expected in Vegas on a weekend night at midnight. I absolutely loved the music. Really fun mix of hip-hop, top forty with a little techno remix. So many of the Vegas clubs only play techno and this is a really great spot if you like hip-hop. I've heard Hakkasan is good too but can't vouch for that personally yet. We were going to go that trip but Tiesto was having his birthday party there and a promoter would only put us on the late list if we sent him a picture of us. The feminist in me kicked in and was like um, no. Rude. I will not be objectified. The way they set up the lines is kind of annoying. But le sigh, I suppose that's just kind of a necessary evil of a  Vegas nightclub. I do wish they could all just cut the we're trying to be exclusive BS though and have a giant party haha :) Anyway, bottom line: if you're in Vegas, can deal with/don't mind the giant club BS, and like to dance to hip-hop, Haze is great!
4	Oh yes, honey! I had a fantastic time President's Day weekend on a Saturday. As I was aimlessly strolling around the Strip with my crewsie crew, we were approached by the infamous "wristband guys." I was about to say "no thank you" and scurry off, until he said, "DJ Pauly D..." Hush now honey, you got me at Pauly D" I've been trying to see him live for awhile now but never wanted to pay upwards of $75 to do it (yes, $75 for general admission for a female). Wristbands granted us front-of-the-line access (when we showed up at 10:40 pm-ish), $30 for guys, $20 for gals, and included a not-so-watered down well drink. Alright!Music was good...first one out on the dance floor with my boo! VIP looked like they were all having a good time, but the dance floor was where it's at in my opinion. Pauly D came out around 1am (as expected), rocked the house and I was a happy gal.Cons include lame gogo dancers. Why o why do they have these? You should be dancing, not taking up space on the dance floor gawking at some strange-looking broads.Also, my hubby's credit card was double-charged and now he's having to make phone calls to get it repaired. I guess what happens in Vegas ends up being a pain in the rump a couple days later when some dumb-as-rocks female bartender can't get her ish straight.All in all, Haze was amaze (don't you dare steal this little jewel of cleverness at its best!)
1	Not worth going to. Didnt care for the Bait and switch tactic with the VIP wristbands that are offered on the strip by some random guy where they tell you that you get free cover but you have to buy 1 drink. You are forced to pay $20 at the door and then you are limited with the free drink when give the drink ticket to the bartender and same drink costs you in reality $14.
5	Honestly I don't listen to electric music like at the XS nightclub, but this place was great for Saturday. They mostly played mostly hip hop and some good dance music. I'm from Northern California and they played tupac and Mac dre! Big plus for me it was crackin.
5	This club was a very fun and exciting experience from the go go dancers to the DJ to the bar the dance floor was always packed and the bass was always bumping
4	The promoters here hook you up real nice. My party got in free and cut the entire line for no particular reason at all. DJs spin a nice eclectic mix and the crowd is diverse. I'd recommend this club for a small group as the venue is smaller and not as extravagant in comparison to the other clubs on the strip. As with most clubs, your experience will also depend on the company you keep. I had a nice combination of friends and family with me so I enjoyed the turn up. Overall good vibes here.
5	Fun club if you don't feel like paying $$$$$ like you do at other clubs in Vegas.  Versatile set of music.  Hip-hop, EDM, house, rap, pop.  The DJ doesn't just play the same genre of music all night.  It is quite surprising.  You'll be dancing all night for sure.  And the sexy Gogo's are a plus too.Our host, Jonathan Sidara (720)201-1009 hooked us up big time! I will never work with any other host at Haze.  We had such a blast because of him.  Definitely contact him for guest list and table reservations.  He makes sure you are taken care of.  I am definitely coming back to this club whenever I'm in Vegas again.
5	Amazing night Nelly did a concert, Jordan was in the house. There are giant robots dancing and spraying water and bubbles. The VIP experiences is AMAZING!!!!
5	Happy B-Day Ke'AnaWhat a great place to host a B-Day bash.  Celebrated daughters 21st b-day.  Bottle Service at it's finest.  5 Bottle Stuntin, VIP table on the floor.  YG was performing that night, had a location right next to the stage.  DJ was off the hook, played great music, especially Bay Area artists.  Service was great, club is spectacular. Dance floor stayed packed all night long.  Daughter and friends had a great time.  what more can I say.Looking forward to next visit and party....
1	Extremely disappointed with the overall service that this place gives to people that spend over $1,000 on bottle service. Let me first start off  by saying that don't deal with Lance, one of the most rudest and unprofessional managers I have come across in my life. You ever hear about customers always right LANCE? Especially a customer who has just spent $1,245 at the oh so infamous HAZE nightclub. I had bottle service for my 26th birthday and everything was going fine at the beginning oh let's say from 1030-1 when the club is not yet at capacity. Oh but the trouble started just after that. People started  walking in and out of OUR table as if they had paid for our table..HELLO security?!?! I tried getting a hold of them with no avail. What kind of crap is that. I told our host ROSE which I tipped $150 to get them out but said there was nothing she can do. uninvited people were coming in and out of our table that I asked rose to hold my bottle so no one would drink it since there was no security guarding the place, she said yes. Cool, I went to dance and when I came back my bottle was out on the table without my authorization emptied!! None of my people drank the bottle. What happened ROSE? You lied straight to my face saying you would hold my bottle. When I spoke to lance... or let me rephrase it when I tried to speak to LANCE he shut me down not letting me say one word. What he do? He kicked me out of the club instead. Wow just wow. You take my money and then kick me out LANCE. NICE. I would call you so many names Lance but it's not worth the time with this review. Bottom line is.. horrible management here when it comes to bottle service people are fake and not trustworthy.
1	If I could give this club negative stars I would. This club doesn't not belong in Aria. My husband and I stayed at Aria decided to check Haze out luckily we got in free because one we got in there it was awful the bartender took our order for drinks set down napkins in front of us and then took the people next to us drinks and after that went to take another order when I asked hey what about my drinks, she just shrugged her shoulders and moved on. Never got our drinks. We decided to leave and went to Marquee. Stay away!!!  Worst experience ever at a club even the more crowded clubs like xs can handle more than Haze the bartender looked so unorganized and unprofessional .
1	The music is hip hop at this club. The DJ did good this night. The pros: DJ and Quick linesThe cons: everything else!This was my second visit to haze. Both times I didn't enjoy myself. First time was about two years ago just to check out the club. The most recent visit was for a bachelorette party. We had two comp bottles for the night. Our server was beyond rude. There were guys in our table area which the security should be keeping out for us. The experience was just ruined because our waiter dropped in ice into my drink when I wasn't finished with it and just tried to fill it up instead of asking to fill it. Instead of asking if we wanted more drinks, he'd just gesture us to come over and fill up. I understand that we're getting comps and they want us out for paying tables but that doesn't mean you need to be rude. It's not like we weren't tipping either. Anyways, my suggestion is that the DJ doesn't seem to be the problem. It's just crowd and the service. I'd much rather go to another club with a headlining DJ than deal with rude servers and there are other hip hop clubs that do much better than this. The comp drinks isn't worth it.
1	Got tricked into coming here. Good thing I didn't pay a penny to get in because if I did I would be pretty mad. Place was dead. No one. Prob won't come back here. I got free entry tho!!! Yay me...
3	Like most clubs in Las Vegas this one is no different far as the lines for entrance. But luckily our wait wasn't too bad. I came here with one of my bff's on Saturday. She had us connected with a promotor. Which was great because we were able to cut off some of the drama with the lines. So we didn't have too much of a wait. The night we were there Nelly was set to perform. Which he did around 2:30a. His performance was cool. We had fun.The dancers they have are really entertaining. They provide that sexy component that every club should create. Drinks are a bit pricey and watered down. So didn't like that aspect especially considering I ordered a shot. Don't know how they did that. I did like their music selection. This club is cool and I wouldn't mind trying it again. I give it a 3.5 stars.
1	I'm sure this nightclub is fun on the inside, unfortunately, because of the DJ and Door woman, I will never know.   As I was coming down the escalator the DJ practically ran me over.  He continuously pushed into me with his gear. Once we were near the bottom, he pushed pass me hard enough to CUT MY WRIST OPEN, I even still picked up his case to help him by. He got aggressive so I had to grab him by the arms to ensure that i wouldn't get hit in the face on my night out.  The bouncers separated us and I was refused to be let in the club.  A night out at a club and casino such as Aria and such can be valued well over $1000.  I've purchased tables at other clubs such as XS, Tao and Light. This experience was worst I've ever had at a night club.  I was also a national touring MC.  To think a staff member, DJ hire or employee can do that to a customer and get away with it is unprofessional. Stay away from this club and move on to a better experience.  Everyone on vacation in Las Vegas has the right to be treated like an elite. That's the whole point of going to Vegas.!#getaclue
2	From beginning to end my experience at Haze left a lot to be desired. When my group arrived around 10 pm on a Saturday night, the line to get in was a large windy mess. Once we were able to locate where the line for individuals on the guest list started we waited patiently; unfortunately everything seemed a bit chaotic and disorganized. The individual assisting with our group and many other groups that night seemed stressed and anxious, and it came across in the way he barked loudly for individuals to check if they had the right tickets to get in/ directions to find the open bar, etc etc. Once the line started to move down the escalators, it felt like we were being herded like cattle. Once inside we tried to find the open bar, but it was nearly impossibly with the swarm of people surrounding the bar in the back of the club. The atmosphere was stale, musky, and dark. The dance floor was also quite small, which would not be a huge deal if it weren't for the fact that people kept pushing and shoving to get by and we were packed in like sardines; I can only imagine what it would be like if there had been an emergency and we needed to evacuate (shudders). Music was heavily House/EDM with some hip hop; the hip hop they did play was great. Crowd was kind of strange mix as well; some of the older individuals decided to stand on the dance floor with their drinks but not dance-- kind of frustrating since they were taking up prime dance floor real estate. Someone also decided to fart on the dance floor---pretty much sums up the experience at HAZE. haha
1	Holy F balls, Friend and I walked in and walked right back out! This place was so packed on a Friday night that we couldn't even barely move, It smelled like sweaty balls and everyone was pushing into one another.I'm pretty sure this place violates fire codes!This place BLOWS hard like Lewinsky.RANDOM FACT:The first modern nightclub began being built in 1886
3	Me and my sisters was in Vegas for a few days and wanted to go out to a club. We asked the promoters on the strip what club was playing R&B and hip hop and they suggested Haze in Aria. we got that about midnight and it was jammed packed with people. No room on the dance floor at all but the music was good. The DJ did throw some Techno music in but he went back to the R&B and hip hop. Overall it was nice music, friendly guys wanting to dance or just wondering where you from. We left about 3:30 in the morning so i would say that counted as a good night.
4	Good club but I can't make a true review till I come as a regular. VIP service is amazing. Get great deals from VIP host. Hit me up for details. Otherwise I recommend if you want top 40 and hip-hop!!
2	Man this club is something else! haha and thats not a good thing! Ive been here twice. But if you like hip hop this is one of the three clubs in Vegas that plays it. First time I got super smashed hahaha just to make up my time for not going to EDC friday night so I couldn't remember much.Second time I came here with my cousins for my birthday, not because we wanted to come here but we came here to help one of my cousin's friend who promote heres to get his daily guest-list pay. He gave us free drink tickets.For those you have not been here, you arrive front door and you wait in line to get checked in, than you go down the escalator and you wait in another line to get in and they check you again haha. Thankfully we didn't have to wait at all.The place is full of uhmm how should I say it without being rude..... not so good looking people and ghetto (I didn't want to use this word but I cant get around it). Once me and my cousins arrived inside the club and got our drinks we stood next to pillars and not for even 5-10 mins we were attack by savage men. One after another it was annoying when you would think the guys would see the previous guys get shut down.Dance floor is small, and when you leave the club for the poor drunk ladies you gotta go up stairs for taxi. The floor where you enter into the club is the limo service floor.Ladies if you want hip hop music and you wanna get mens undivided attention come here!
3	Great club..Good music, crowd nice. They say free but it's not free. It was discounted with a wrist band. $20 for men and women. But you do get two free well drinks. Crowd is mixed...hip hop music with a little techno every now and then.
3	Its a small club so expect small crowds; Its not the greatest place to go and the dance floor is small. The crowds are more intimate in the booths but the dance floor is horribly small and crowded...  Good prices on booths if you can get itPros: Booths are separated upstairsCons: Small, dance floor, crowded STARs: 3
2	So we got approached by a promoter outside of the casino, gave us wristbands, girls $10 and guys $20 with a free drink. We didn't have to wait in line but it was so packed, I felt like a sardine. So we get to the bar when the bartender tells us we cannot get the drink of our choice, she calls the manager and he was so rude he tried to tell my friend he was the owner, then he's like ok I'm not, I'm the manager. The problem was that no where in the ticket did it say we could only get certain drinks, I had never experienced that at other clubs so that was wack, we ended up with these nasty watered down drinks. I did enjoy the music but the guys there were total creeps.
1	Terrible service, rude bartenders, jerky bouncers (with self-importance issues), run-of-the-mill DJ playing run of the mill pop-rap-edm, stupid expensive drinks. I am bummed my girl and I spent any time there on our trip to Vegas. Oh well...Boo them!
4	I really liked this club only because it's practically the only place that plays a mix of pop and hip hop nowadays. Call me old school, but that's what is going to get me dancing! The bar area was actually not that packed, but the dance floor definitely was. It was really hard to dance when people keep walking back and forth. I learned to perfect the bob of the head. Just kidding. I would recommend it because of the music. Other than that, the dance floor is too crowded and I thought I would get a seizure from all the lazers and flashing lights.
4	Haze nightclub in aria hotel features some of the biggest hip hop names in the industry, which is why I love this place. First thing to address is the staff. The VIP host there really do make you feel like your VIP. Multiple times  the front ropes have completely packed! I've been Escorted in very quickly. They also do a great job of filling the bottle service tables up with beautiful women. The crowd is a mixture of different age and the dj's do a great job of playing mixture of both top 40 and hip hop.  All around this club is great venue to actually get out on the dance floor and dance. Great service!
5	By far one of the best clubs I went to in Vegas! Everyone was having a good time, the DJ was awesome! I spent about two hours on the dance floor and never got tired. I would recommend this club to anyone :)
4	I went to this club as part of a party bus tour and this was our first stop. It had the neon lights going and go go dancers everywhere. The dancers on the front stage started giving out glow Sticks and one had a big Mohawk that said haze. It was such a wonderful experience for my friends and I, however the drinks were very pricey.
3	Haze isnt bad. It def isnt the best of the clubs in Vegas but IMO it's better than some others. If you cant get in for free and not getting bottle service, it's easy to get on a guest list or get a wristband from one of the promoters outside. You get a complimentary drink ticket with a $20 cover. It could be worse. I see that everyone complains about the size of the dance floor. People, I think the idea is to have you guys/ladies buying drinks upon drinks and not simply dancing all night. Have you guys been to Tao? Ever seen the dance floor there? I like Tao. My friends work there and we go there a lot. It's dance floor might not even be half the size of Haze. Make the best of it and hopefully you dig the music that's being played. There's no happening club in Vegas that is not packed like sardines on the dance floor.Haze is down one level from the lobby floor towards the back of Aria... Take the escalators down. Sound system is good, lighting is good. DJ's are good. Some are better than others. Depends on the night you go. There is a bar on the far side if the main bar is too much elbowing for you. Haze is a nice nightlife option while staying inside one of the hotels at the City Center.
3	I mean, typical Vegas club -- we came early (like at 10:30 or so) and got in without any trouble. There was an amazing dancer who made her body wave like a flag, while she held onto a pole by just her arms!! And then she let herself free-fall down HEADFIRST, miraculously catching herself just a few feet above the ground!But, this review is based on more than an olympic-level dancer. I mean, it's got kind of cool lighting, and convenient if you're staying close to Aria. Nothing crazy amazing here.
4	this place was really fun...very roomy...the dj played good house music but there were a few songs he played over again... we were virgins to vegas and i'm pretty sure there were better clubs... but club haze is one of the places to go!!!
1	This isn't a good nightclub. They don't take care of their customers. No access to water (fountains or water station), no ear plugs available (from bar, security, or bathroom concierge), don't honor drink tickets issued upon entry. The staff is indifferent, all for $50 of cover if you haven't called ahead. If clubs serve, they should be good hosts and at least help you sober up. Haze isn't one of them.
1	This club is atrocious. The customer service here is non-existent. The bouncers were awful to my friends and threatened to kick them out of the hotel, because one of them was drunk enough to get on the stripper pole. The place is tiny, the lines were huge, and it's extremely overpriced because it's in Aria.There were really no redeeming parts of this place and there are MUCH better clubs elsewhere. I went to the Venetian's club that has a stand-in pool you can be in while you dance, and it was 10x better experience than this place. Would recommend spending the time to look at reviews and check out other hotspots, as this place won't give you a good time.
3	Low on my list of Vegas clubs. Pretty sure i won't be back. We were given a VIP table and i still can't figure out how our two bottles ended up totaling $1500. The bouncer at our table was amazing though. There to pour every drink and escort you to the bathrooms in a bulldozer mode. Totally on point and remembered all our names all night. Glad we had a table because it was packed. Loved that they had dancers and even two girls in a bathtub putting on a show at one point. At one point. They never came back in the 5 hours we were there. The lighting was pretty impressive as 4 different light sets move up and down covering the entire ceiling. Certainly not as impressed with the crowd as compared to other clubs.
3	HAZE was the second stop on our Nightclub tour. We got there a little after 11 and were the first two on the dance floor! Thankfully within a few minutes the floor was getting full. There is a Pole on a platform in the middle of the dance floor, but any time anyone tried to use it security guards were all over them. Seems they should have thought that through a bit. Maybe put something near it so people know, or maybe put it somewhere where it doesn't seem like they want dancers using it.We went on a Thursday, and the place was plenty busy. Seemed there was an upstairs section, probably just for bottle service. We did not get any drinks here since we were served on our party bus, but from what I gathered it looks like you should never really order drinks at these types of places unless you're willing to drop tons of money.We did not stay too long, our tour only left us there for a little over an hour but, from what I could tell, the place seemed pretty fun. The location is pretty cool; it's underground beneath the Aria, which gave the place a slight cavern-like feel I liked.
5	I had a great time and danced all night long. The drinks were strong and we they walked us straight in we did not have to pay a dime.
2	I didn't like it.. Way too crowded, you can't even get on the dance floor because it was so packed. I did not like all of the cigarettes smoke either, every club has them but it was really bad in there. The line to get in was also very long, we showed up at 11:15 with "VIP tickets" pre-purchased online but still had to wait over 30mins to get in. We had gone to see Krewella but after 1AM they still didn't appear so we left.
5	Really nice place. My friends and I had free entry along with bottle service. The dance floor is much larger than most clubs in Vegas and the staff was extremely nice and accommodating. Would come again!
3	Can I give less than 3 stars if I didn't pay for cover and had free drinks?  However, one huge setback was one of the bartenders was totally rude to my friends.  Can you say attitude problem?  The club really wasn't that bad, the music was definitely alright with the guest DJs that Thursday night.  Also, we were approached by different promoters to attend various other events for the next couple of days.It's ok to check out if you're close but there are so many clubs to choose from!
1	I would give this club a zero if I could. They have a strict dress code of heels for girls, but when you get inside there is no where to sit. We danced a lot - but your feet get tired in 3 inch heels. I would lean against a wall for a little bit of rest, and a bouncer would immediately tell me I couldn't. The tables to sit were thousands of dollars - and there were a bunch of empty booths - roped off. Some guys invited us in to sit at their booth and the waitress immediately kicked us out! It was ridiculous! They had two stripper pools in the center of the floor - with no sign saying people weren't allowed on them. Each time some climbed on a bouncer would immediately rip them down - aggressively. It was the worst. I left early - it wasn't worth the hour of my life I spent there. Totally pointless. I think the owner of the club must hate women.
4	I know its not one of the top vegas clubs... but this place is amazing. Ive done bottle service here 3x and its always a great time.
1	Well I would like to say when I first walked in, however, it actually started right outside the club. The bouncer was rude, the hostess was saying the worst things imaginable, I can not believe a place like this can treat customers like this! The reason to go to vegas is vacation, and to be treated like you are a VIP member, this place treated my group and myself like dirt.I would never recommend this club to anyone going to Vegas! I am a cinematographer who shoots in clubs and vegas all the time, I have never been treated like this, nor should anyone ever.
4	Not sure why this place has such iffy reviews. I don't have any complaints...We got into this club through a promoter we knew through a mutual friend. That made our experience super easy and enjoyable. We skipped the line and were lead right down the escalators and into the club.We were also given 2 free drink vouchers each (3 ladies). The only disappointing part is that we found out once we were inside that those drinks could only be vodka-based. The birthday girl wasn't a fan, so these went to waste. This was one of the main reasons we chose to head to Haze, so that's something for people to consider in the future. Don't worry, we got the birthday girl her drink of choice. :)The music is great if you enjoy EDM --house, dance, etc. There's tons of people dancing and having a good time. We didn't even make it past the first level! I could see how people may say this place is very crowded, but what establishment with loud music and free booze isn't in Vegas?
5	By far THE BEST club in Vegas. They play a mostly hip hop/top 40. And not just edm. This place is always poppin!! I'm so sad they're closing down next month. :(
1	Complete rip off, First of all the bouncers are VERY RUDE AND WAY TOO SERIOUS!if you are looking for a mixed croud  go elsewhere it was a sausage fest 90% Men and creepy ones at that. My friend was really drunk and I was trying to help her out. ALl these men kept coming up to her trying to buy more drinks and push up on her, the bouncers saw and did nothing! I would not reccommed this club to anyone to pricey and not fun!!
2	Went to Vegas for friends birthday, undecided which club to hit. My friend and her boyfriend ended up getting one of the promoters to get us in for a decent price. This club was way over crowded, not as big as I had imagined it to be, drinks waaaay over priced. It was Vegas so we ended up spending a grip on drinks anyways. Music was good, one of the bartenders had an attitude with my friend tho, not sure what that was about. We had a good time, casino was nice, but club wise next time we'll probably hit another spot.
5	Haze is closed for renovations!
1	Down for remodelingSo all bets are iff until they reopen..liked it when it was open..multilevelEasy walking..good security. .mized crowed..but...al bets are off till reipen
3	It was the weekend of my sistwrs bachelorette weekend and we left our Paris hotel, had breakfast at Cabo Wabo, and while walking at the street someone approaches us and one of our friends ended up with tickets to haze and I dont remember where else in exchange for a couple of bucks. These tickets were so that each of us had free entrance and 2 free drinks. That night we made a small line and got in. Once we were in it was TOO PACKED and they were having a pole dancing competition which was pretty impressive. We proceeded to have our two drinks while enjoying the show. We were a bit disappointed that we didn't get to dance like we wanted. We ended up leaving in less than 1.5 hours because we wanted to dance and the damn competition wouldnt finish, it was getting a little late, we had a VERY busy day, and I had a flight at 6am eek. I would return here ( with the free entrance and 2 free drinks ticket) but I would check that there aren't competitions so I can actually dance.
