4	Really, REALLY, good British pub food. Inexpensive and tasty. I actually ate here twice in one day. For lunch I had the steak and ale pie with a large 16 oz Fuller;s English Pride.  The pastry was flaky and excellent.  Lots of meat and a nice sauce with a tang to it.  Kinda like A1 sauce, but better.Later I decided to stop back by for dinner.  I had the onion and cheese pastie, which was fabulous.  Wish it was a bit bigger though.  Washed it down with a large Lion Burgundy ale.The place is a bit bright and the music is a little off-putting.  Bon Jovi and U2.  Not quite what was expected for ambiance, but the counter help is really nice.  I'm sure I'll be back before the end of the week.
4	There are some pretty interesting batters at Brit & Chips (eg. orange crush, maple syrup). It's your typical pub fare with a pretty extensive menu. The maple syrup battered haddock was pretty good, the maple wasn't too overpowering and the chips were GREAT. The service was also really good...the waiter kept making suggestions to make our bill total lower. I understand that Brit & Chips gets pretty busy and I imagine it would get really crowded as the tables are a bit close to one another. I was also surprised to see that they close at 10 or 11pm on weekends... I would've thought that a place like this would be a haven for those who need to..."recuperate" ;)Definitely give Brit & Chips a try if you're jonesing for some legit English pub fare
4	The most recent addition to Montreal's recent fish & chips revival is Brit & Chips and they've gone to great lengths to get the details right (from the Irn Bru to the Sarson's), while leaving the door open to play with the formula (one batter features Orange Crush, another features maple syrup, and one of their fish options is salmon). Most importantly, their fish is fresh, it's sustainable (!), and the two varieties I've tried (beer-battered cod and Orange Crush-battered hake) were both exceptionally good. The chips were also tasty, if a little too limp to hold up to the requisite malt vinegar. Other standouts: the tandoori popcorn shrimp could have kicked up the spice a notch, but were juicy and sweet and hard to stop eating; the steak and ale pie had a nice, flaky crust and the braised meat inside was ever so tender. More playfulness: the house dessert at the moment is a deep-fried whatever (i.e., whatever candy bar/sweet treat they have on hand--in our case, a Mr. Big bar). House beer is from The Burgundy Lion. A welcome informal addition to the Old Montreal dining scene.
4	Staff here is super nice and those from Montreal love it. If I actually ate meat I'm sure I'd like it more, but I settled for the fried Lebanese cheese in chipotle batter.  Also interesting collection of classic british soda. I had the dandelion. Check it out if you're in old Montreal and need a greasy meal.
3	$11.50 cod and chips.  Very nice  and excellent batter on the fish.  I lived in England for two years and this was just as good or better than in the UK.  We were there about 7pm on a weekday night.  I can see this being crowded at lunch or in the late evening, but we had the place to ourselves.  English spoken fluently.  The server and the cook both came out to chat with me and make sure I had everything I needed.
4	Love the place, old school diner setting. Quick service, a great selection of different type of Fish&Chips combos. Will come back!
4	One of the best fish and chips I've had in town. And by "best", I mean that there's actually quite a bit of perfectly-cooked fish inside of the batter. I wasn't too crazy about their selection of batter, though. Maple syrup, orange crush, chipotle... meh. I decided to go with their Burgundy Lion batter, which was excellent.After a big meal that is entirely fried, I probably shouldn't have had dessert. Still, their '99' ice cream was tasty.All in all, I had good time. I went on a Thursday evening and the place was absolutely empty. I probably wouldn't go back unless I'm in the area. I prefer going to my favourite hangout, its big brother The Burgundy Lion.
4	Fine, that's not the most original tagline, but fish and chips are far from original. They've been a staple in London since the late 1800s, and have been a personal family favourite in my home since I was about 8.Brit & Chips got off to a rough start but it was smooth sailing by the time we got our food.The patio was full so we headed inside.  The server who greeted us seemed cranky. But we grabbed a seat anyway and ordered. By the end, our server had gone from zero to hero. It seems we got there just in time (around 6:00 pm) because it filled up and before you know it, there was a long line. Our server's mood brightened and he started making jokes and smiling. He didn't even charge my sister for fries. You see, she had ordered just a serving of the cod (burgundy batter), but then I reminded her that I don't like sharing fries. So she asked him for a side order just before our dishes were served.I had the haddock (maple syrup batter) and we shared the tandoori popcorn shrimp.It's a little more expensive at $9.50 (for two pieces, $11.00 if you add chips) than I'm used to paying, but well worth it. The batters were tasty and crispy. I liked the cod better, my sister the haddock - good thing we shared. Both fish were meaty and tender, and with so many choices (salmon, hake and the fish of the day) share with friends and try them all. Except the fries, they're so yummy you'll want your own serving. I could dedicate an entire post to their tartar sauce - but I won't. It was delish - creamy, tangy, fresh with a hint of dill. Yum.My sister and I would both go back, but we'd probably skip the popcorn shrimp and try the mashed peas instead. So Brit.
2	Service was fast, waitress was super nice, food was alright: the fish was good (maple syrup batter!), chips undercooked inside but brown outside, side salad was limp. Not sure I would go back. Maybe it was just an off-day for the cook (considering the other positive reviews).
4	I came here with my friend who is originally from London.  I had recently just come back from a trip to London so I had fish n chips on my mind.  We came on a sunny warm afternoon in July and sat on the little outside tables set up on rue Mcgill.  They have an ok selection of English ales.  Not too many choices, but a lot of items that you normally can't find in MTL (i.e. some sodas).  I ordered the cod and chips.  The fish comes in the burgundy lion batter.  I have to say that the batter didn't overtake the fish and the fish was still tender and juicy.  I actually thought that is was a little better than the one I had in London.  My friend also agreed that the fish and chips here are almost as good as the ones back home.It was a good experience overall and need to come back when the weather warms up again.
4	After craving fish and chips for awhile and finally discovering that Montreal actually has a pretty decent fish and chips place, I decided to venture to Old Port. My partner and I went on the coldest day ever, it was windy, cold, snowing. And to top it of all we got lost on our way. Just as we were going to give up, we started to smell fried food. So we thought "Well it should be a good sign yes?" Turns out it was the 5 Guys smell. Hah! Little did we know that Brit & Chips was just across from them. So we finally got there and ordered their regular fish and chips plus tandoori/curry shrimp "pop-corn," we cal them pop-corn 'cause they were tiny and delicious!I have to say, though, it was kind of expensive for fish and chips. But splurging once in awhile is good, right?
3	Nice enough for what it is. The service was slow, but they were apologetic, so we didn't mind too much. The chips were a little overcooked but the fish was very nice and they have some very creative batter/fish combinations to choose from.
3	Brit and Chips offers five types of fish, each (not including the fish of the month) with its own unique batter - not including the Veggie Haloumi "fish"; the fake, mock fish... the "fockish". I had the salmon in Guinness batter. Two generous hacked fillet of salmon, I had the "with chips" option on the menu; I mean what's fish and chips without the French fries, I mean chips? Then it would just be "fish" and that's not fun. Not that it goes without saying, but the chips were as honest as a 19th century British machine worker covered in soot - hard on the outside and pillowy inside; never call a factory worker "soft".Salmon has a tendency to dry out and become dense when overcooked - the fish was perfectly cooked, tender and flakey while remaining a blushing pink in the middle. You can't really taste the actual Guinness in the shattering batter, however, the dark, murkier and earthy flavours that a stout has is definitely noticeable after a few bites as the flavours linger in your mouth.
4	Delicious and a not so bad way of cheating on a diet, okay its bad but how could one resist fries cooked to perfection and crispy battered fish deep fried to perfection and if that's not good enough they even deep fry chocolate bars that's right deep fried chocolate bars .. this place is more than a must go .its a demand from the glutton king himself.
5	My wife and I went here for dinner and loved it,  My wife had the Cod and I had the Salmon: both were excellent!  The peas were unique to me (more like smashed peas) but we loved them.  We would go back again.
2	Imagine if there was a place in Britain called "Quebec Poutine" that had grated mozzarella and sweet potatoes for the fries. Any Quebecor visiting the place would rightly be saying "WTF?" to each other. En Francais, of course.So as a Brit, I'm a little annoyed with the name because the food isn't like back home at all.First off the chips are done massively wrong. They are almost the over/double fried poutine style ones you get at something like La Banquise but slightly thicker.Now I don't know if they aren't using the right potato (I think this is probably true) or the oil is too hot but whatever, they aren't great. Mediocre.They need Maris Piper or King Edward potatoes, or if they can't get them then something closer to fluffy/floury than they currently use. Soak them before they get fried.When done they should be closer to yellow than dark brown.The fish is a very small piece and the batter is overcooked. The batter should again not be dark brown (even if you've put maple syrup in it, wtf?) it should be crisp and almost a casing for the fish to steam in, not a thin covering that barely protects it....without this the fish will lose its moisture and overcook....which has been the same for me each time I've been here.The worst offender...the mushy peas. What the hell are you doing?!?! Honestly you'd be better off buying in tins of Batchelors ready cooked ones and reheating them.These are ridiculously easy to make. Boil MARROWFAT peas in water, with some salt and some bicarbonate of soda until it is actually mushy and the peas are almost mashed potato consitency. Job done.The ones they make...I think they take frozen garden peas, add mint and then put them through a food processor. They are an abomination.On the upside I've been told the pies are nice and they sell Irn Bru so they get some points at least. I tried the Fried Halloumi and the Mars bar too, quite good.Sort it out!!!
4	The mushy peas were, if I may, "brilliant," with a vibrant flavor better than several comparable versions we'd tried in the UK. Both the cod and the haddock were delicious --the cod's batter especially won us over. We also lost our Scotch Egg virginity here, and it was everything we'd hoped it'd be.What we didn't like were a couple of older, frumpy American ladies behind us loudly "educating" two poor young Montreal students about the state of U.S. affairs in an obnoxiously distorted, one-sided fashion, completely bereft of facts. They exemplified everything awful about American tourists.
4	My wife and I wanted something simple on our last night in town and so we stopped in.  It was a great meal.  We both had the Cod and Chips.  I had a nice pint of the Burgandy Lion Ale and it was fantastic.Next time I would like to try some of the other dishes--like the mushy peas or one of the meat pies--they all looked great.Luckily, I didnt run into any frumpy American ladies, but I did have a nice conversation with the friendly waitress.  (The service people in Montreal are some of the friendliest I have ever met.)
4	Sorry for the short review, but i don't have a lot of spare time.Had the aiglefin and saumonGreat tasting and thin batter.The fish was simply melting in our mouth.Best fish and chips I've ever tasted outside of Vancouver ;D
4	My goodness how I get cravings for this place!  From what I hear its not authentic fish n chips like you would typically find in Britan, I think its more playful and "jazzed" up a bit, example: my favorite dish is the salmon in new castle batter. I dont think thats a typical combo in Britain but boy is it good!. It is rather pricey, About 12 dollars a meal, also its pretty heavy and greasy but definitely worth the extra cash and minutes on the treadmill. This place is not good for groups larger than 4, and even that is pushing it. The decor is charming, service is good, and I would highly recommend it for a relaxed date. The burgundy lion beer on tap compliments any dish here very well.
4	Prior to eating at this joint, I could not tell you the last time I had fish and chips.... maybe 10 years ago... I am old. I am glad this was my reintroduction to fish and chips..  the food really good.  The service was friendly/fast.   While the food is made fresh, it does have a fast food feeling to it.... its not a place to go for a nice evening on the town.  However, if you are looking for some tasty fish and chips... hit this spot.
4	I love a good plate of traditional fish and chips! And this place does it right.For the fish and chips, you can choose between a few different types of fish, and all of them are battered differently. I tried the cod (classic for fish and chips) and it was perfect. You get big pieces of freshly battered and fried fish, served with homemade chips. The chips are small pieces of fried potato- different from normal french fries, and you can definitely tell how fresh they are.It's pretty cheap (about 10 to 12 per person). They have a selection of bottled French and Canadian beers, and they have one beer on tap. For a very casual, cheap, tasty and deliciously unhealthy food, this place fits the bill.
4	The perfect meal spot for a lazy afternoon in Old Montreal. The service is incredibly friendly and the fare is delicious. Decent prices, too.
3	I was born and raised here in Montreal but I'm a huge Anglophile (no, not over the English language) and of course, I traveled to Britain. So when I discovered this place with a few friends of mine, I was thrilled to have a place to go to, as well as Burgundy Lion (which is owned by the same people) whenever I miss the UK. Which is pretty much all the time.The atmosphere of the place feels authentically British down to the newsprint tissue paper that is served on your plate. "How sweet", an English dining companion of mine commented. When I traveled to Britain, I didn't sample the fish and chips because I was a vegetarian at the time so the only dishes I could compare them to were the ones in Boston (they were fabulous) and McKibbin's, Aqua Lunch and Kelseys. Aqua Lunch and Kelseys don't necessarily count but either way, McKibbin's wasn't all that impressive and was way too greasy for my tastes.Enter Brit and Chips. Tried the usual batter, the Doritos one and the sour cream and onion one as well. I find myself craving them all the time. And the haloumi is another addictive item I find myself ordering every time I'm there. The batter is crispy and greasy but not greasy enough to the point where you feel as if you're drinking and tasting oil more than the fish (or the cheese) itself. So why the 3 star rating?Because their staff is quite rude. Rude enough for me to wonder if this was part of their attempt at British authenticity. The service workers in the UK are usually not all that perky and smiley and I've witnessed some pretty blunt fights between service workers and customers that we would never get away with over here in North America. But I don't necessarily expect smiles or anything like that. Anyway, I have walked into Brit and Chips on more than one occasion feeling as if I just interrupted something. I walk in, nobody says hi, everybody just stares at you and it feels like high school all over again. Sometimes I am at the cash, waiting awkwardly for someone to notice and to take my order. What the? I have felt unwelcome on several occasions and that's not something a customer should feel especially if they're giving you business! I don't expect feigned joy at the sight of me but an instant hello, smile or not, does the trick.The straw that broke the camel's back was when the cashier girl asked me--and I will quote her verbatim "you didn't tip. Was that intentional?" and then proceeded to screw up my order upon that discovery. I was pissed. That was the tackiest thing an employee from Brit and Chips has done. I have tipped other employees generously (the ones who have covered the basics like acknowledging me) but I am also a regular and this was takeout. Managers, you either need to hire new staff or train them to have courtesy towards your customers!
4	I may be the last person to try out Brit &amp; Chips in this city but hey I finally got to it over the weekend, so let me bore you with my experience, okay? For the uninitiated, Brit and Chips is exactly what it sounds like - a fish and chips shop. They originally opened up in Old Montreal and have relatively recently opened up a second location in the Cote des Neiges district. They offer a variety of different fish and batter combinations along with other British fare such as scotch eggs, sausage rolls and meat pies. For my first experience, I decided to try one of their more eclectic options - hake in orange crush panure.Outside of the batter, which was quite amazing might I add, the rest of the dish is very traditional and very well done. The fish is nice and flaky and the batter is thin but very crispy. Add to that some nice fries and a dynamite tartar sauce and you have the makings of a great dish. To add to the experience, they have a variety of different British beers you can enjoy at the same time. Unlike most locations of this variety, Brit and Chips also does dessert which I must highlight. They have a deep-fry "anything" option which is essentially "pick your chocolate bar from the options we have and we'll fry it for you". It comes with or without soft serve ice cream depending in your preference. They had Reese's cups so I couldn't pass this up.It was exactly as decadent as you can imagine it would be. A perfect end to a very good meal.With the caveat of having not tried Comptoir 21 yet (in the works....eventually), Brit and Chips is by far the best option in the city for Fish and Chips. If you haven't gone yet, you must certainly do so when you are in the neighborhood.Cheers!
4	When I was growing up in the 1970's, Britain probably had the worst reputation on Earth for their food. Rife were the jokes about Brits and how they would boil toast,  and that the only decent thing you could ever eat in London was Fish & Chips.Well, thank God some things have changed for the better and some things have stayed the same. London is now one of the foodie capitals of the world but the English tradition of great Fish & Chips, with a few small changes and updates,  continues here. I guess it shows what a total opposite of a scenester/ hipster I am since this was my first visit. I've heard tons about this place the past 2 years and I came in with so-so expectations.There are several versions of Fish & Chips here, differing either in the type of fish or the type of batter they use. I went with the Sole with Sour Cream and Onion batter. It was great and so was the fact that even though everything is deep-fried in oil, nothing came off as greasy or swimming in pools of oil. It was almost light.I saw a few other interesting items on the menu which i was too full to try but I intend to come back and at least try their Scotch Egg as well as their Deep-Fried anything dessert. Prices are really decent and the service is friendly as well. Bonus: If you love Cadbury Flake chocolates like I do and make a point of buying them in bulk everytime you fly through London Heathrow, they serve Cadbury Flake chocolate bar with ice-cream here as well!
4	What's a yogi to do after an intense 90-minute yoga class? Hit up Brit & Chips, of course! I mean, what's the point of sweating my a$$ off doing Power yoga if I can't treat myself to some deep-fried goodness after? I ordered the Haddock, which was deep-fried in a maple syrup batter. It was deeeeee-licious! I was a little worried that the maple syrup would cause the batter to be too sweet but the truth is that I barely tasted it. In fact, if I didn't specifically know that there was maple syrup in there, I'd never have guessed. NOW: the fish was so very flaky and moist and well, perfect. The batter was plentiful, yet light and crispy. The whole damn concoction was simply amazing and, in my opinion, the ratio of fish to batter (or vice versa) was perfect. Bonus? The homemade tartar sauce had a nice little bite to it as well. Tasty.  As for the chips - well, this is a huge compliment where I come from: they reminded me of the ones my mum makes at home. Nice and thick, golden and not too fried, and thus, not at all oily or greasy. I'm not an expert but these fries were not cooked in week-old oil. Or maybe they were and they're just really good at hiding it. Who knows? In any case, the lot (fish, chips and all) were served upon newspaper, in a pie plate. I finished off the night with a .99 cone topped with one of my favorites: Flake. Noms.The restaurant itself is small, but they do have a terrace that you can enjoy as long as you don't mind the pedestrian traffic. They have a fairly extensive menu for such a small joint as well, so go check'em out!
5	Love this place. The fish and chips are done brilliant, and the appetizers and sides are excellent as well. Service was solid, but we didn't expect much anyway. This is a very casual eatery. Standouts: Guinness salmon (crispy AND moist as can be), maple-batter haddock, tandoori shrimp. Scotch egg was an interesting side, and the Burgundy Lion beer is crisp and cheap. Our 2nd time here, we tried a deep-fried something a la mode. Don't remember the name of the chocolate (there was cherry in the middle), but it was heart-stoppingly awesome. Even the chips are unique, greasy little nuggets of joy. A great casual eatery to do a bit of calorie splurging.
5	I had a great experience here.  It's a place for fish, which I don't eat.  So I had the popcorn shrimp with frites.  Yummy.  The batter delicious and the chips were perfect.  It's a place for locals, but everybody fits right in.  There was great, friendly service, and smiles and cheers all around.
4	Best fish and chips I ever had! My friend and I went there and she got the salmon fried in Guiness batter and I got the Cod fried in Burgendy Lion beer batter. You get two pieces of fish each so we swapped one of ours so we can both have a taste. Totally awesome! We also got the Tandoori popcorn shrimp which were sooooo good! Went extremely well with a few Guiness! I will go back for sure!
4	Great fish and chips. I like how they have different kinds of fish and batters. We had the salmon with Guiness  batter. Fish was very good and crisp. Service was good also.
3	I want to start off by saying I usually hate fish and chips but agreed to try this place out with my friend as per our usual yelp event. I instantly loved it. the restaurant itself is very casual laid back feel, we ate outside however. The service was good as well. I ordered the salmon fish and chips in  a Guinness batter and my friend ordered the cod. We swapped one each so we can try both. I personally enjoyed the salmon more but they were both delicious. We also both split the popcorn shrimp which were great. A great fish and chips joint with quality ingredients thumbs up!
4	This place is a solid 4, and possibly a 5 if you're only comparing the fish. It's a very casual, and maybe cramped, space. They do some interesting combinations, including a salmon fried in Guiness batter and a hake in Orange Crush, but all three of us ordered the daily special; blue cod in jalapeno batter. I also had a side of baked beans.The beans were decent, and the fries were pretty good. The fish was the great part. Lightly battered, flavorful fish, filling but not leaving you feeling stuffed. If I had just had a larger order of the fish with nothing else, the meal would have been even better.We decided to go for broke and order the Fried Whatever; they deep fry whatever candy bars they have lying around, and serve it with ice cream ($1.50 extra) for $5.00. It took awhile, but eventually 2 plates of 3 deep fried Reeses cups each, and one with a deep fried Snickers bar, were set down.Indulgent? Of course, but I've occasionally tried deep-fried candies (they're disgustingly popular at the New York State Fair) and these were actually pretty good. The batter didn't make you feel sick as you were eating it, as I tend to feel when thinking about just what "deep-fried" is. The ice cream wasn't great, but I'm a bit pickier with my ice cream than the average population, and this place is known for their fish, not their desserts.
3	Waitress tried to tell me that the clearly transparent shrimp was cooked, and that it was bought pre-cooked... The fish was good.  I had the cod.
4	Good stuff, nice variety to choose from. I think this is more for takeout than for eating in, but definitely a good place to satisfy a fish-and-chips craving. Try the orange crush batter!
3	We might not think Brit & Chips offers the best ever fish n' chips, but its location and unique concept in Montreal combined with affordable prices make it a decent joint to visit again, especially after an evening of heavy drinking nearby.
4	This our second lunch on day #1 of our visit to Montreal. We really had no business eating another lunch but we were there to bust a gut and decided a highly rated fish n chips joint was too tempting to pass up.For the fish choices, they had cod, haddock, salmon, hake & sole. We shared the haddock which came with nigh perfect crinkle cut fries. The fish was moist, had a thin crispy batter and tasted great once we added the malt vinegar, lemon or tartar sauce. Slightly disappointing was the portion size of the fish. There was one medium sized fillet and two small ones - not like the large sized fillets you get when you order fish n chips in England... but I'm usually of the mindset that taste triumphs all, so it was all good. To wash down the food, I got the Burgundy Lion Ale which is the only beer they had on draft. It was a crisp beer that went well with the dish and the best part was you could get half a pint for $3.50. Fish+chips+a pint of beer=$24 all in. Now that's an equation that would make me a happy customer any day of the week, especially when the food is tasty like it was at Brit & Chips.
4	For our first night in Old Montreal, my wife and I just wanted something quick and somewhat familiar to eat. We were rewarded with an unexpectedly good meal at Brit & Chips.Between us we had the sole with sour cream and onion batter, as well as the halibut with maple syrup batter. The fish was well-cooked, and the batter was not overly thick. We both loved our fish, and the "chippies" were good as well.The restaurant was cramped but clean, and the staff was very friendly. You essentially come here for the food, not necessarily the atmosphere. If you even think you like fried fish, you will love this place. We would definitely come back.
4	I'm not really a fish person but have been having a mad craving for fish and chips lately. I found Brit & Chips located in proximity to metro Square Victoria. My partner and I ordered each 2 different kinds of fish to share. We ordered the salmon battered with Guiness and we ordered a hake battered with Orange crush... They were both very good. For appetizer we had battered shrimps that were very yummy and the fact that I enjoyed them even shocks me because I normally don't like seafood. I would highly recommend this restaurant for anyone that enjoys fish and Chips.... They have several interesting dishes and also a variety of imported sodas. Very tasty!
3	The british invasion in Montreal shows no sign of stopping. Brit & Chips owned by the same group as The Burgundy Lion Pub, has taken over the once coveted Mc Gill Hot Dog, and opened its doors to offer locals a more authentic fish and chips experience. With four staple fish options to combine with chips (british equivalent of french fries) they are well beyond most seafood spots in town.The menu also features Tandoori popcorn shrimp, a variety of pasties and other British foods including pork pies, and sausage rolls.A healthy option for those avoiding the deep fried page on the menu is the Seafood salad, which is a healthy portion at a great price.Where the Burgundy Lion has the pub atmosphere dialed in, Brit & Chips has the food perfectly locked in. For lunch or dinner the food is fresh, tasty, and substantial. It's also great for sharing.Dead center of the old port business district, expect it to be busy during the lunch rush.
5	Do one thing, do it well - This is what Brit and Chips was born for!I was here around 5:30 on a Tuesday evening, it's a small joint and it was getting full quickly but they do have a take out counter. Seating is a mix of bar stools and tables. Brit atmosphere is complete with Beatles music in the background.Nice menu variety, was surprised to see tandoori popcorn shrimps so I wanted to try that immediately and it was delicious. I ordered sour cream and onion batter sole and my friend got the maple syrup haddock - both were very tasty and cooked well, however the batter was thicker on mine. Crispy on the outside, moist inside.Fries were thick cut, not too soggy. Simple ingredients that turn into savoury satisfaction! If you're still feeling for some greasy goodness, I dare you to try their deep fried dessert ;)I'm also digging their British Ben Shaws soda, I drank up the "cloudy lemonade" which is a perfect balance of sweet and sour that got my taste buds tingling.  I'll be back for more and I'm making sure to tell everyone!
4	I'm not much of a fish n chips kinda girl, but I would definitely come back to this place. Try the haddock, it's amazing!
5	This place is brilliant! The fish is delicately battered, chips are great, too, and all served over newspaper. Easily the best fish and chips I have had (tried the haddock with maple syrup butter which was delicious).
3	This was our first stop this mtl trip. Fries were crispy. scotch eggs were okay.  Curried fish mayo sauce was good  House beer was very good. service was great.
4	We tried the vegetarian halloumi & chips, with a salad and mushy peas. It was delicious! The portions were great for 2 to share and the halloumi was not drenched in oil, but remained fresh and tasty. A great experience. Could have more seating or a terrace for the summer, but overall will definitely be going back for the portions and great taste.
5	Best fish and chips in town. EVEN HAS THE NEWSPAPER. I recommend the sole, as it's the most basic original entree. The other choices (sour cream + onion batter) are very good as well
4	one of the best fish and chips in town with a choice of different fish and batter to choose from. cant go wrong with the cod, hake, tandoori shrimp and curry fish cake. wash it all down with a cold beer. portions are big if you decide to get the chips. if you want to sample, its best to share the chips
3	Delicious combinations and must-have for fans of pickles. If you're from the UK and missing home its a great place to grab an imported soda or candy bar.Food:  8/10Service:  8/10Price:  8/10Atmosphere: 7/10
4	Best Fish & Chips in town... Located on Rue McGill, Brit & Chips claims to be expert in English Cuisine with a hint of  Quebecois spice to it . There's a notion bout English people in North America - "All they eat is fish & chips". As ignorant as it seems, I'd say if  fish & chips are as yummy as what you get at B&C, I'd eat em daily too. The fish here is always fresh & flaky. Chips are really good. Not too greasy. They have a few English as well as French beer's. Their Pie's are good too. I'm a fan of the Pork pie.  Also the popcorn shrimp is yummy. Definitely worth a visit. P.S :- This place gets real busy during lunchFood -  GoodService - FriendlyAmbiance - CasualWorth the money - Hell Yeah
2	I am a little confused/upset by all the positives reviews on this place... which was what lead me to eat there.I am not British, so I am not here to comment on whether the food is authentic or as good as you may get it in the UK, because I do not know that.What I know is that I have had good/decent Fish 'n Chips before, and it wasn't as drenched in frying oil as at Brit & Chips. It almost made me nauseous by the end of it, and don't get me wrong, I usually LOVE deep-fried anything.The chips were also soaked in frying oil, which made them kind of unbearable and grossly soft. Not what I expected, and definitely not worth $12 per person. :/
4	Really tasty fish & chips.
5	This place is just as advertised.  They serve delicious fried fish.  We tried the haddock, sole, and popcorn shrimp.  All were perfectly cooked and delicious.  The fries could have been a little crispier for my taste.  For dessert we had the "Fried Whatever."  This was a fried candy bar.  We got one of each type available and they were all good, especially the Snickers bar.  The service was great and staff friendly.  The atmosphere is casual and the price inexpensive.
5	Went to Brit & chips at around 5pm on Thursday. I walked past it the day before and really wanted to try it out. I wanted to see what it was like compared to the fish and chips from Sydney. I was definitely impressed. The cod was fresh and the serving amount for me was just enough. The chips were nice and thick cut. The tartare sauce was delicious, not overly salty. I accompanied the meal with half a pint of ale on top. It was perfect!! The waitress was very friendly and hospitable.Would definitely revisit if I ever get the chance !!
4	British fish and chips in a predominantly French Canadian province! The name of the place is pretty simple and self-explanatory.HADDOCK (maple syrup batter) - Acts like a slightly sweet batter. The maple flavor gets lost a bit in the fried grease.SOLE (sour cream and onion batter) - WOW. If you have a weakness for sour cream and onion junk food, then GET THIS. You get the flavor immediately on the first bite.Hake (orange crush batter) - One of the most curious types of batter out of the selection. We opted for the half portion ($6) to try this out which was the right choice over the full portion. The flavor is only mildly sweet won't the most bare flavor of orange soda present.Shrimp Scampi Salad - The shrimp is flavored with herbs and abundant throughout the salad. The salad itself isn't too special. It's not like you have a decent amount of other options if don't want the chips portion with your fish order. Speaking of the chips, they're decent also with a bit of salt.Overall a good change up of cuisine located in Old Montreal. This place won't break your tourist wallet and prices are super cheap for fish. Everything is fried crispy, and well portioned, definitely recommend (if you're tired of poutine).
2	Perhaps it was my point of reference from a recent trip to the East Coast, but Brit & Chips did not live up to the reviews. I was disappointed by the sole with the sour cream and onion batter. The quality of the ingredients from Brit & Chips were questionable. I was overwhelmed by the grease and underwhelmed by the lack of freshness of the fish. The sole was also overcooked. The chips were slightly soft and not as crispy as fries could be.On a more positive note, the waitress was very hospitable. Both of the wait staff were very friendly and patient with our indecisiveness.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed my meal! I orders the Haddock cooked in maple batter and my wife ordered the fish that came in the sour cream and onion batter. The fish was crisp and fresh out of the grease. Homemade tarter sauce was on point and the beer on tap paired nicely. Although it was only two pieces and fries, we both left full and satisfied. Would definitely recommend.
4	Took me back to England!Good crispy fish, not overly oily or battered. The shrimps are also totally worth mentioning, the kind of side you savor as long as you can!Definitely a must-go Fish&Chips place in Montreal. Try the home brewed beer, very good!Prices are reasonable for the fish quality!
4	Love Fish and Chips and these are amazing! I got the Cod my daughter got the Maple  battered haddock. Everything is fried to perfection and the chips are typical English chips, cut short and not super crispy.
5	Brit & Chips saved my Montreal trip.After going to many places and finding the food underwhelming, my boyfriend suggested this place as he had read about it somewhere. I'm glad he did.This was the first thing I actually liked eating in Montreal and it was British food! We got the haddock (maple syrup batter) after the very friendly and helpful waitress recommended it. All the prices at brit & chips were really reasonable, even for drinks which I got an awesome cider.Haddock wase perfectly crispy and fresh tasting and with a little lemon squeezed on it, sooo good. I tried to eat slow to savor it, but I couldn't.  Almost considered ordering another one, but we had fried twix we desert on the way.  That was really really good too.  We were super full and we don't ever really eat unhealthily, but I loveddddd everything we ate there. Definitely a place to check out in Montreal.
4	I had supper Tuesday evening at Brit & Chips.It's a cute spot ... you can eat in or take out.  I ate in.I ordered the battered haddock.  It was a generous portion (two pieces of fish and lots of fries) ... and delicious!  The batter was light and I could taste hints of maple syrup and pepper.I had a pint of Burgundy Lion Ale ... it was tasty too.Virginie was my server and she took good care of me.If you are in the mood for fish and chips, you should check out Brit & Chips!
1	If you have celiac disease please do not order their gluten free dish!  They use the same deep fryer as for their gluten dishes!This was really misleading, dangerous, and unfortunate.  I hope none of their clientele gets sick. :(
4	I've tried most of the menu items. I think the best is the halloumi (vegetarian) one. The batter is lightly spiced and really good. The cheese is really delicious especially when it's hot enough. When it cools down the cheese becomes dry, and rubbery.
4	Clean, fast and easy going service qualifies this place as good 'fast-food' in Montreal.  Salads are fairly portioned and the fish+chips was more than enough for me to eat on its own.  I'd be happy to go back here if I was in the area on my next trip into Montreal ;)
4	Probably the best fish and chips I've had in Montreal so far! They can literally fry anything it seems and they do a good job presenting customers with hearty portions. The service can get slow at times, but definitely a place to check out in Old Montreal!
4	Went here with a group of 10 (Sept 17,  2014). Too small inside so we ate outside. Lots of interesting fish options (maple syrup batter). Fast, friendly staff.
5	The one disappointing  thing about this place is that once you try their Fish & Chips, you won't want to have it anywhere else. I live close by and ever since discovering this place, I come for takeout every 2 weeks. I've never eaten in the dinning room, but the staff is always really nice (even the cooks). Lots of options, crisp, fresh and great fries. I say try this place for sure.
3	Cute and cheerful, this location serves up some awesome fish. We tried the haddock (aiglefin, en francais) and the sole, and both were the equal of anything I've eaten in London.The greasy chips, on the other hand, were limp and heavy. If an item is in the name of your restaurant, you really need to make said item exceptional. These were anything but. (The mushy peas are delicious, so I'd recommend those as a side dish instead.)They were out of Burgundy Lion Ale, sadly, but the Bierbrier is a good alternative.
5	I love fish n chips, and although i know you should have French food in Montreal, had to keep eating here.  It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was good.  The fried chocolate bar with ice cream is amazing though. I've had other fried chocolate bars at fish and chip places, but this was the only place that served it with ice cream.
5	It was like London all over again!!!The fish was fresh, crispy, greasy, and delicious!I ordered the cod: which was amazing.Scotch egg: was okay, I ordered it anyway just because.the chicken and leek pie was decent as well.I wish the have a tasting platter so that people like myself, can just order the tasting and eat the whole menu..Highly recommended when you are in Montreal, QC.
5	This restaurant was the highlight of my trip. Not only was the service quick and friendly, but the decor and environment was cozy, with a little bit of a pub yet 50's dinner vibe, in my humble opinion.Ordered tandoori shrimp and maple syrup batter haddock with chips and smashed peas. Everything was AMAZING! The maple syrup batter was to die for, and the haddock was moist and flaky. Chips were fantastic, especially with some malt vinegar drizzled on top. Only thing I regret not ordering was some pickles cucumber to tie everything together.Price is right and quality is superb. Would definitely recommend.
5	So awesome! I'm glad we came here for lunch. Some of the best fish and chips I've ever had. It's nice that they also serve beer here as well. Eats:- salmon which was delishious so soft, fresh and greasy. - cod the same as the salmon- scotch egg was good for my first one everLikes:- service was good- prices good- fish was big and they give lots of chips- they serve beer- the menu has more than just fish and chips- locationDislikes:- you leave smelling like something fried- seating for two works well. Anything more than two can be toughI would definitely come back again!!
5	Went to Montreal this past weekend and hit a few restaurants, including a fast food run to Brit & Chips.  Excellent...loved the haddock and cod and the breading on both, and there were plenty of fries and tartar sauce to keep me happy.  And they had a "half-order" of local beer for $3.50, which was plenty for a quick lunch before walking around town.  The price was just about perfect for the serving size and the four-person staff was pretty friendly.  I like it!
5	This restaurant serves my most preferred comfort food and they do it well. Going there is really a like trip to the UK. The different types of fish'n'chips served there are truly authentic and all taste heavenly. The fries are amazing as well. They also have a whole range of other dishes, such as pies and seafood salads that I'm eager to try. It is one of a delicious experience to go there!! Try it!!
5	I basically write a review for every place I think deserves a 5 stars! Brit & Chips on McGill street is one of them! Went one a Monday night, was the only place that seemed "alive" in the area. You can sit at the counter in front of the kitchen for the action, on the high chairs  or at the back for a more discrete spot. I committed a sin, took a Fish 'n Chips without Chips but it was to enjoy more the awesomeness of my plate: maple syrup batter Haddock  DelishhhThe waitress was friendly and if I wasn't checking my calories I would be there at least once a week.
1	Decided to give it a try after reading so many positive reviews. I'm visiting from Vancouver where we have some outstanding Fish n chips places. Went to the McGill location on a Saturday afternoon, and the place was almost full.Girlfriend and I ordered the Cod and chips each, and the orders came promptly.Firstly, the appearance gave and indication on how the taste was going to be. The fish's batter was overcooked and was very dark. The fries were the same, overcooked, and not uniformly cut. Like the author of one of the reviews mentioned, it doesn't appear that they flour and egg wash the fish. The batter was slimy on the inside, and frankly put us off.There has to be a better fish n chips place in Montreal?
5	Loved the relaxed atmosphere. Waiting staff very friendly. Food was exactly as expected : delicious!!!!
4	This place has the best Fish and Chips in town FINS down. You would think fish & chips would be the same everywhere but this place makes all other fish eat their bubbles.First off they have their fish of the month specials that vary month to month. A great selection of fish overall and you won't be disappointed. Prices are fair and the fries/chips are very very good. The service is good and they are usually always pacted at this small place in Old port. I would suggest going after their deep fried surprise dessert menu if you still have room, the fact is their fish is such a big serving that in the end you would definitely have to save room for dessert. Highly recommend.
4	Love fish and chips if they are done well and this place has it. Different fish to choose from, fast service and great British takeaway ambiance.
