4	Ooh, first to review this place. Well let me start by saying this place is inside the Orleans Hotel & Casino. I have been staying the the hotel every time I visit vegas for about 4 years now. I always noticed the sushi place but always forgot about it as an option when it came to choosing where to go. My girlfriend and I were in Vegas this past weekend and so we decided to try it. It was a little past noon so it was pretty early and the place was not that full. Our waiter was polite and attentive. We ordered a Las Vegas Roll and a Dragon Roll. The Las Vegas Roll was delish!! Came with Salmon, Crab, Avocado, and cream cheese. It melted in my mouth! My girl ordered the Dragon Roll which came with I dont remember inside cause I couldnt even see the inside due to the generous pieces of eel on top of the roll. They did not skip out on the eel, lemme tell ya! Overall it was good sushi, good service, and we will definitely go back when we return!
2	We took our parents here because we wanted to eat at a non-buffet place during our dad's 70th b-day Vegas trip.  I figured, we're all about sushi and it's not on the Strip, so, yay!Well, no.  This place is waaayyyy overpriced for what it is.  It's not surprising, since it's Vegas.  Seriously though, the prices were similar to NYC and this is not NYC, mmmmkay? Plus, the spicy tuna did not have the mayo.  It was just straight up tuna.  We also got the spider roll, the crunchy roll and the unagi roll.  They were all pretty meh, except for the unagi.  Also, since we found this through the AAA book my dad had, we discreetly asked if there was a discount for being a AAA member.  I don't usually ask for discounts, but my little brother was hungry but was hindered from ordering more because of the prices, despite my assurances that I could cover it.  The waiter actually snickered and said, "Nooooo, hahaha, no."  You can guess what kind of a tip I left him.
1	all signs pointing to no....japanese and chinese?....going against odds....adventure dining vegas, the orleans....early eleven am lunch at first open....glance of menu and yes...sushi and chinese food....kung pao chickne and toro.....beef & broccoli and chirashi.....who's your daddy roll and maguro sushi....who's your daddy!?....it sure isn't koji....pricing too high for standard average american as apple pie americanized japanese/chinese meals....$eighteen for a who's your daddy roll....near $fifteen for beef & broccoli with rice....$seven and up for pair of sushi selection....oh no! koji...
1	Maybe we just ordered the wrong thing?Yeah, realized we did. Should have stuck with the water. Peace out. Chuck the deuces b4 you chuck the up.
3	Suprisingly, this place served the freshest Chinese broccoli I've had in a while.  They cheated a little on their Chinese porridge by using ground pork but it was still pretty tasty.  The sushi was decent and my Thai iced tea was good.  Not bad for a 1am meal in a hotel off the strip that no one besides locals know of!
3	We ate at Koji when we were in Vegas last week.   The food was ok, sushi was fine but not extraordinary.The rice was piping hot.  The service was chilly served with a side of indifference.
5	We ate here this weekend and really enjoyed it! Sushi was fresh and delicious. I really liked the spicy scallop hand roll and sex on a roll. We ordered a huge platter for a wedding and I couldn't stop eating it! Keep in mind that I am a former restaurant critic, so I know my stuff. There were a couple of guys from San Francisco next to us at the sushi bar and they were impressed as well with the caterpillar roll. Kudos!
3	Mish mash of both Japanese and Chinese good. The sushi is actually quite decent and the Chinese food isn't bad. Don't expect anything spectacular but if you're craving one or another then it's not bad. The fish is fresh from the toro to the giant clam. The hamachi sashimi can be served with a side of the fins as well which has a texture similar to the giant clam.
3	Stick with the Chinese at KOJI.  the Sushi sucks!I've eaten here many times, but always ordered from the Chinese menu.Their wonton soup is among the best i've ever had,  lots of meat and wontons.  Their noodles and rice are spectacular too.The other day I sat at the Sushi bar and ordered a simple Crunch Roll with Soy paper as I like.  it was terrible!!  All loose and falling apart, unevenly cut,  cucumber NOT peeled, YUCK.  DRY!  Had i not seen the guy make it myself i would have thought it had been in the fridge a week.so.....stick with the Chinese at KOJI
3	Service is amazing but the food is so and so. We tried the Chinese food (schezuan eggplant, fried sea bass, and others).. Food didn't taste fresh at all and the prices are a little on the expensive side. Today, we tried their sushi.. And surprisingly it was decent. Their 'dynamite' roll is awesome but o don't think 18$ for it is a lil outrageous. We also had Vegas roll, spider... They were decent.
5	Named "The Best Chinese Restaurant" by everyone in our family.  By far, the best item on the menu is Ma Po Tofu American Style - broccoli, fried tofu, and an amazing sauce?  Come on!  It is so good, and healthy and vegan at the same time, nice!
5	We went there after the dinner rush around 10 and sat at the sushi bar.  It wasn't crowded at all. We ordered our sushi rolls and watch the sushi man make it right in front of us.The sushi was soooo good and sooo fresh. My gf said that it was her favorite sushi roll ever.  And we're sushi fanatics.The food and service were so good we went back the next night and ate even more sushi.Great place to start your night off right in Vegas.
3	This place is located in The Orleans Hotel & Casino in Vegas. I've been here a couple of time due to the convenience when I stay at the hotel. I'm not big on Sushi by any means, but they do have Chinese dishes which are pretty good. Their chicken lettuce wraps are top notch. I would definitely go again whenever i'm back in the area. As far as the hotel it self, i'm definitely a fan!
5	THE BEST Mongolian beef anywhere! Yum!
3	Chinese food isn't hard to crap on so I'd say go for it if you're in it for a late night super. Don't handle the sushi unless you don't mind low-grade rolls and lackluster taste. Though it's not nearly as good as the chinese food you'd like, it's definitely appealing. The servings are reasonable. Service here isn't too shabby, and there is a decent sized menu, so at the end of the day, there's definitely something there if you need to feed the beast.
4	Had sushi here with a friend who came from CA and stayed at this casino.  Although sushi took some time to make, rolls came out super fresh and the service was excellent.  Cozy little place to eat at this casino.  Very satisfied.
3	I've hit up Koji a few times for lunch because it's close to the office.  The sushi itself is pretty good - nothing too inventive but a couple off the wall rolls.  The tun on the rainbow roll was super fresh and the wasabi was pretty delightful as well.  I've only had rolls here so I can't comment on the Chinese portion of the menu.Service is usually hit or miss but I think they do their best - could just be an understaffing issue.  The prices are a little high - I mean, the restaurant IS in The Orleans, not on the strip.  I expect them a little higher because they are located in a casino/hotel, but I just thought they were a touch too high.I've had better, but I've had a HELL of a lot worse.
4	Ambiance - 3 stars. Some of the decor is clearly dated. There is a TV showing some sports event. Service - 3 stars. Our sushi chef spent most of the time we were sitting in front of him watching the game on the TV. Our waiter was fairly attentive. Drinks - 5 stars. There was a nice list of sakes including flavored sakes such as apple, Asian pear, and plum. There were also a range of other cold sakes. You can also get a tasting flight for a very reasonable price. Food - 4 stars. The presentation of some of the dishes we ordered was sloppy and lazy. But the flavors of others were fantastic. My husband had a cajon roll and I had the fire roll. Both very tasty. We also ordered the tempura vegetables (delicious and not greasy) and Mongolian beef (okay flavor, but mild).
1	This place use to be great I looked forward to Vegas trips for this spot its not too pricey and it use be really yummy now it blows and the service sucks the big as well, it's a sad sad day for me
4	On my recent trip back to Vegas we had the opportunity to try Koji out while we were at The Orleans Casino for the first time.  Generally we would just be here for the Orlean's buffet but since we were sort of buffet out we decided to give this place a try.  It actualy pleasantly surprised our party!First of all, we were here little before noon so the place was only occupied by 3 tables...  Then as time passes by, a good amount of crowd actually were building up so I'm glad to see that happen with any restaurant large or small.Checked the prices out and it was slightly steeper than what I was hoping but with the craving for sushi we decided to give it a try...Here is what we've ordered...Who's your daddy roll:  Totally delicious!  Yes it was more expensive than other places but man it sure was good.  Delicious tempura shrimp & I believe avocado wrapped in sushi rice topped with sashimi with sauce... so delicious!  I think I can just get this only next time around!  Tried a couple of dishes on the menu too! (aside from the sushi)  It was actually really good!--Braised Pork Belly with Chinese Mustard Greens:  So bomb!  The pork belly were so tender, soft, and perfectly simmered in a soy sauce based soup that is actually not overly salty.  (If I only had some BAOs with me this would of so made my day!)  The portion of these pork belly were huge too!  Easily 8 slices of 1/2" of porky joy!  I can still conjure the image of how it was melting in my mouth!  WOW!--Steamed Tofu in lotus leaves with shaved Scallops:  Another awesome one!  The tofu itself was light, airy, fluffy, and hot!  The sauce that goes on top of the freshly steamed tofu was just the rigth balance of flavor once again with the melody of mushrooms + shaved scallops... what a perfect balance to the pork bellies!!!--Pan fried beef noodles:  You know, this dish is actually quite good but I'm not a pan fried noodle type of guy (I don't like it anywhere but others love it so I just have to deal with it)  It was tasty but just not my type of dish to enjoy.Service was attentive and effective.  No problems here!So after finally tasting Koji for the first time after so many trips to Orleans would I go back?  Yes!  Who's Your Daddy + Pork Belly truly got me hooked!  Unfortunately it is a casino environment and cost will be much higher than say at Chinatown area, but if you are doing your gambling here at The Orleans, I would definitely recommend you give this place a try!(P.S.  Pork Belly I believe it's a special that comes and goes... so if you are into juicy, tender, and absolutely pork belly cuts, you better get some now!)
4	I absolutely love their chicken fried rice. It is not overly greasy like some places and you can actually taste the egg in it which I love! And it is such a big serving I had to bring the rest of it home. I also had this delicious chicken lettuce wrap appetizer. It is chicken, mushrooms (which I could not taste thank goodness), green onions, and water chestnuts all mixed in this type of sauce that tasted like teriyaki and something else I couldn't quite think of. I forgot what the menu said, but it was all on this leaf of fresh lettuce, finger lickin good !I also had some black tea, which is not something I normally like, but this was not too bad. Their sake selection is pretty decent, though I did not try any this time. They also have some creative beverages on their mixed drinks section. The price is pretty steep depending on what you get. I would say look at about $50-60 for three people, if you do not get sushi. Our waiter was very nice and honest! We had asked him what something had tasted like and he said he has never tried it, which was interesting, but at least he was up front about it. I like it here and will definitely be back when the time is right.
3	Rolls are ok, nothing really special. Good service and selection. One gripe, plastic chop sticks. Charge a couple cents more and use wood sticks.
4	Koji has Chinese food (we didn't take a chance on the sushi) on par with the better restaurants in Chinatown in Honolulu and far superior to the Chinese restaurants on Maui.My parents (who are from Maui) and I (from Oahu) ordered the gai lan, aka Chinese broccoli, my favorite Chinese vegetable; the spicy eggplant, one of my "must have" dishes at any Chinese restaurant; the Mongolian beef, a concession to my less than adventurous parents; and half a crispy deep fried chicken, again a "safe" choice for my parents' taste. All dishes were scrumptious, though perhaps unnecessarily laced with MSG (?). The gai lan was cooked expertly, to the point of being al dente, if I can use that term to refer to a vegetable rather than a pasta. (As an aside, note that gai lan is NOT the same vegetable as choi sum, as some would think. Just check on line or verify this with your friendly neighborhood Chinese restaurant.) The spicy eggplant, Szechuan-style, had just the right amount of "heat." The Mongolian beef was surprisingly tender. And the chicken was top notch -- the skin was crispy but not oily, and the meat was succulent and not dry.The waiter was most attentive and informative. He also tolerated some playful ribbing from my father, all in good humor and spirit.The price was very reasonable, as with most Chinese restaurants. I agree with some other reviewers that the ambiance needs improvement. Overall, however, this is an excellent Chinese restaurant in a most unexpected location -- tucked in the corner of the Orleans casino.
3	Part of me knew that dining at a Chinese/sushi restaurant in an off strip casino, might be a mistake.  I decided to risk it because the Orleans Casino is lacks in the dining that I am normally attracted to.  My friend had the lettuce wraps, chow mein, and beef with broccoli.  The lettuce wraps were way too sweet and oversauced.  The chow mein was a little greasy but not overly so.  The beef with broccoli was standard.  I decided to have the sushi.  The California roll was horrible.  The rice was so cold.  It was like chewing on little pebbles.  I also had the ocean roll.  I was not a fan of the garlic sauce at all.  I normally really like garlic too.  Basically, the food was just okay and not on par with strip sushi.  However, my group was generally happy with the Chinese food.
4	I was going to Wranglers game, and we were running super late. I was bummed cause I really wanted to have sushi that night. So I was surprised to find a sushi place in the Orleans. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a seat, they were super busy. The older gals in front of us wanted a table, and made a big scene when we got seated before them cause we wanted to sit at the bar. They were talking about how the Orleans needs to have a VIP section for them. Really? The Orleans? Come on ladies, this is like a C-list hotel, and D-list sushi restaurant. So on to the the food. I ordered 2 rolls, the Who's Your Daddy and the Domino Dynamite. They were pretty Americanized rolls, which was fine really. They weren't bad at all, no qualms there. My boyfriend got the Orange Beef, and was surprised it didn't come with vegetables. But it was very tasty. The service was fast, we were in and out in 30 minutes, which was ideal. If I'm in the hotel again, I'd go for round 2.
4	I don't do Sushi, but my friends do and enjoyed the choices that they ordered.  I stuck with the Chinese food, and was very pleasently surprised that a casino joint made great tasting food.  Hot and sour soup tasted excellent.
4	This past spring break my boyfriend and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice vacation to last vegas..not to mention we had a $200 voucher for VacHawaii that was going to expire the following month. But anywho, we decided to stay at the Orleans for the week and it was just great.The first night that we got there, I was already home sick and was dying for some sushi. (The week before, we went to Imanas almost every night so I was on a huge sushi binge). We arrived pretty late and since we didn't want to leave the hotel looking for food (hello! crazy people!) we decided to find something within the hotel. The bf was pretty happy finding this place. Imagine dragging a whiny five foot girlfriend literally dying for sushi all around the casino searching for sushi. So relief was immediate.Koji is one of those Chinese/Japanese fusion restaurants so I was kind of skeptical at first because when I think of the mainland, rice isn't usually on the good side of my list. We sat at the sushi bar and ordered a lot of salmon sushi(for me) and some chinese food off the menu. Bf ordered spicy tuna, which wasn't that bad; not Genki but still does the job. The salmon was yummy or it could have been because I was starving. We ordered fried rice and yakisoba.My tip, I wouldn't order the chinese food only because it's overpriced and the serving size is small. The taste was... alright. I just came for the sushi.The man in charge of making the sushi was very nice and made small talk with us.. The servers always kept my drink filled and made sure we were alright.Pricing.. it was kind of meh... about $6 dollars or so for two pieces of salmon sushi and it goes higher with the different order. Their toro was almost twenty dollars so I was just like F That man!!! and their uni was about the same price as well. Marketprice I guess but that is just ridiculous. I liked it here maybe because I was dying for sushi to the point where we ate here almost every day of our trip but regardless, I enjoyed it and always left satisfied. Pricing is semi high but when on vacation...
4	I'm super wary of Japanese/Chinese combo restaurants, but I was totally surprised when everything was sooo good. I ordered the dragon roll and shiro magro sashimi. The roll was great and the sashimi even better - good sized pieces and it might be the best albacore I've ever had - it even came with shiso leaf. Others at the table ordered the chicken wings - a tad on the oily side but tasty, veggie double pan fried noodles - very tasty and crunchy, mu shu pork, the meat was good but served in tortillas not pancakes.
4	We ate dinner here three times in a five-night stay, and were delighted each time. I have a sushi problem (in that I can't stop eating it; delicious, fishy crack). We did the "Roll Boat" twice to eliminate the drama of getting four people to pick what they like individually, and both times attacked that ship like it was the Bismarck.Sure, some the rolls were a bit "Americanized"--tempura, cream cheese, goo--but they were yummy. One that's not on the boat is the Sunshine Roll, which includes thinly sliced lemon, a new sushi-flavor-favorite of mine. The foodie pickin's are slim at The Orleans (to quote a friend, you can only Ruck so much Fudd). Koji is a winner--and not just by default.
3	My #1 rule for any restaurant: Stay away from fusion restaurants i.e. like this sushi and chinese restaurant! Any two or more cultural cuisines served in one restaurant is a red flag for me. The only reason why I went here was because a friend of mine had a comp for a $100 meal and treated me.To be fair, this is strictly on the sushi portion. I haven't experienced the chinese food so I can't say, but the sushi was below average. Everything just tastes so bland, not very fresh, and each roll or nigiri is just TMR(Too Much Rice)!Why anyone would go here for sushi is beyond me. There are a ton of other venues to go on and off the Strip. The sushi may be decent for most, but I would pull my hair out if I had to pay for what I ate that day.If I ever dare myself, I would like to try the restaurant again because the reviews seem generally positive. Who knows, maybe the chef was new that day, I don't know. I will try them again in the future and see how it goes.
1	If I could give zero stars I would.  We ordered Pepper Steak, Salt & Pepper Pork Chops and Beef Chow Fun w/ black bean sauce.  Everything was served quick, and I mean very quick.  Which immediately made my spider senses tingle. Well it tasted that way too, as if everything was just thrown together and brought out.  Flavor was non existent except for the MSG on the pork chops.  And, really, how can you screw up steamed rice??? Do not go here please!  If you value your taste buds, STAY AWAY! Let me put it this way, the Pepsi and fortune cookie was the best of the meal. Only got Chinese on this visit so perhaps the sushi is better? I don't know, but not even going to give this place a 2nd chance.
2	Koji was an interesting experience. The rule of don't do combination restaurants is true, in this case, Japanese/Chinese.The main reason was eating here was convenience. Really didn't won't to go looking for a place to dine.The wait staff was slow and at times just disappeared. The manager had to bring out our drink orders and then go find our waiter to take our orders.  This should have been a clue to us.I figured I'd go for the quick and safe, I had sushi rolls, Philly & Alaska, nothing fancy.The two rolls were actually pretty good, probably the best of the dishes we ordered.Chicken Chow Mien was too soupy and just okay. It was nothing to write home about it.Szechwan Crispy Beef actually looked and tasted more like Pepper Steak, we even had to ask the waiter, he ensured us it was the right order.The service was very disappointing, because they were not very busy at all.  Overall, dinner was slightly over priced for the amount and quality of the food, along with the lack of service.If I were to come back, it would be solely for the sushi bar which was actually pretty good.  I did get to see some of the specialty rolls that were at the sushi bar and they appeared to be spot on.  But again, I didn't actually taste them.The lack service killed this place for me.
4	Liked the lunch specials, only wish I had time and appetite for the late happy hour!  Friendly service. Plenty of food at fair price. Sit at the sushi bar to watch him make the rolls!
4	I have only had one dish here, but each time, including last night, it was delicous. It was the Singapore Rice Noodles, an item that can be hit and miss almost everywhere. These noodles are almost always served with a light curry flavor, but what was great about Koji is that they give you a no-curry option and I took advantage of that in a late night to-go order. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the chicken and shrimp and onions and peppers were cooked perfectly and tossed in the noodles. One of the top Singapore noodles dishes I have eaten. They also include a colorful red dipping sauce that can bring the heat if you douse too much on there. No soy sauce should be used on these noodles. A side porder of steamed rice was only .50 cents which might be the best deal at the Orleans. Noodle up.
5	I have been here multiple times and every time the service and food have been great. We had the chocked fried rice, teriyaki chicken with steamed rice, Philly roll, and miso soups.. All were delicious and great pricing.
3	The Salmon Sunshine Roll will forever be my favorite roll. OMG so delicious~!!! Salmon, tuna, sriacha & lemon... what more could you ask for?You wouldn't think that this little Chinese/sushi joint at the Orleans would have fresh fish but man their stuff is GOOD!The hamachi kama with a side of sushi rice is also a winner in my book!As for the Chinese food I really like their dry chow fun, Singapore Street Noodles,  double pan fried noodles and their seabass tofu hot pot~!!! As for service everyone has always been really nice.. Especially the cute cashier/hostess Songyi ;]]] I would give them 4 stars but their food is pretty overpriced ...it's in a casino of course.. So I suggest you find someone who gambles a lot and make them buy you dinner here using their comps.. LOL
2	Went there for lunch & wish I had gone elsewhere. Don't get me wrong, the lunch specials are reasonably priced & the food tasted "pretty" good. Im sure it would've tasted better, but that's only because of the TERRIBLE (I can't even call it) service from the hostess. Girl; please remember, you are the "Front Line" of that establishment. Your actions will make or break the customers visit. Luckily the male server, who was born in Hawaii, was very kind & professional and it was because of that our lunch went well. Until we had to pay at the hostess station. The sad part of this all is that it WASN"T busy. Koji your "Front Line" is your weakest link...
2	Service was slow and not attentive. Our Sushi sat at the sushi counter for 20 mins. The other food we got was cold and not very good.  Took over 1.50 hours to eat for 2 people. will not go back...
3	Big portions, but mine was just OK.  I thought it would be a little better (for the price) or cheaper (for the quality), but no dice.  Super convenient though if you are staying at the hotel and don't want to go out.
4	Good Chinese food set in a nice atmosphere inside the Orleans Hotel/Casino. Especially like the lunch specials they have every day from 11a-3p. Nice selection of entrees averaging around $8. Also comes with choice of soup and eggroll. Food comes out hot,fresh, and quickly. It also is'nt crowded most of the time during the week.
4	Excellent sushi
3	Enjoyed some sushi and Chinese dishes with work associates. It seemed like everything was freshly prepared and I enjoyed the flavor and menu options. There is a lot to choose from. We had three different sushi rolls (raw and cooked) and three different Chinese dishes (chicken, shrimp, beef). We also tried three different desserts, all good. There was a dessert that had flavored ice cream wrapped in a gelatin covering. It was interesting and worth a try. I did not care for the chocolate cake, it was very rich and had a different taste. For being in a casino, I was pleasantly surprised. The server also did a good job on checking on us and keeping drinks full. Worth a try if you are looking for good sushi/Chinese.
4	Great sushi and fresh. For non sushi eaters they have a variety of other food. They also have hard alcohol, not just saki/beer.
4	We had dinner here recently.  The place was busy but we were able to get a table right away.  We started with two glasses of wine and the mixed tempura.  The tempura was really good - nice and crispy and not too greasy.  Good mix of shrimp and different veggies.  I had the leftovers the next day.  They did not warm up very well and got soggy but they still tasted good.For our entrees, we had the honey walnut shrimp, tangerine beef and house chow mein.  The chow mein were my favorite.  Lots of noodles and not filled with cabbage like some places do.  The shrimp were tasty, a little too much mayo but still ok.  The beef was a little too strong for me but my mom liked it.    She will enjoy the leftovers later in the week.Our server was good.  Came around often and checked on us.
2	I stared at a row of empty tables that needed to be bused for 35 mins as I stood in line waiting for a table. When I finally sat down, I was told that they were out of eel and out of GINGER! The food is mediocre and very not worth the wait.  The hosts could work on their attitudes also. The oyster place in the same hotel is a better choice.
3	Stopped here for lunch when we got into town. We were seated quickly and the waitress was really fast to get our drink order. They had a good variety of lunch specials, and their food and sushi menu was very extensive. Seemed to have almost every kind of seafood, even some things I have not heard of before. Our orders were brought out quickly and the waitress was really nice. The food we got was ok, it wasn't bad by no means, but it wasn't that great either. Although their sushi and rolls looked like they are delicious. If I ever find myself back here I am definitely gonna try sushi next time.
5	We dropped into the Koji China Bistro and Sushi Bar for dinner last night. It is in the mix of all the hub bub of the Orleans Casino and we were unsure of what to expect. Of course the place was beautiful and setup perfectly for dinner. We were a bit early by Vegas standards - It was 6 PM - and the place was very empty. I want Chinese I said t myself and in we went. The Hostess was friendly and playful to my humor, asking her if she could possibly fit us in for dinner. Well a beautiful booth was ours and the wonderful, speedy and personable waiter, Antonio, was there to help us with drinks and menus. I just wanted a simple meal f cucumber salad and vegetable lettuce wraps, and Anet had a Schezuan chicken dish. Wow! they came out so quick and beautifully prepared. The cucumber salad had a beautiful tang to it I liked a lot. The lettuce wraps with the hoisin sauce weretp grade. Then the chicken Schezuan had a colorful mix of vegetables, was piping hot and had enough spice to get the lips buzzing. All in all I am ready to go here again and try more items as this visit was a winner.
4	This review is for the Chinese menu only. Food was solid. Had the mongolian chicken, wonton soup and spring rolls. Service very fast (almost too fast but thats typical in the casinos they want you back betting) and attentive. Food was prepared nicely not greasy, or overly sauced which is inherent in so many chinese places. Have a very diverse menu. If traveling alone can get a seat at bar very easily and watch the chefs do their thing.
4	We decided to try this restaurant for an early dinner yesterday. Being that it was our first time, we decided to pass on trying the sushi, but will next time.We were seated and the waitress came right away to get our drinks and answer our many questions. She was very knowledgeable about the menu, which was refreshing. We ordered the Peking Dumpling appetizer, steamed. I would go back just for those. Wonderfully succulent packets of pork dumpling, with a great dipping sauce. My entree was the Mongolian Beef, with fried rice, soup and one veggie egg roll. Normally I'm not a fan of veggie egg rolls, but it was pretty good. Egg drop soup was nice and clean/fresh tasting. My Mongolian Beef was very tender with a good flavor. Rice was so-so, a little on the dry side. One other small note, the iced tea was very weak. My husband ordered the half duck, and I'm sure will be writing his own glowing review shortly. He was in heaven. Wish we'd taken pics, but it was so good, we just dove right in!We'll be back for sure!
3	I came here for dinner with my Aunty visiting before we went too Cher/Cyndi Lauper concert. Koji Restaurant is one that always pass by when use too place sports bets at The Orleans. I was kind of excited too see the quality of the sushi. I knew it one of the few sushi restaurants no AYCE. Or almost have too assume with the popularity of AYCE only way sushi joint stay in business. It not only sushi/japanese food other half of the menu is chinese food. What I found overall is both sides of the menu is ok. Neither one blew me away. We ordered food family style. We got little bit of both sides mention earlier. Lettuce wraps (come different choice of proteins; we went with shrimp) actually pretty solid dish. I like the crispy fresh lettuce. the filling was nice, nice portion size, and the sauce put too taste brought it all together. The beef with chinese broccoli. Ok. Sushi special or basically assorted sushi. One order of spicy yellow tail cut roll. The sushi rice was ok had better. The quality of the fish felt was just ok. If wanted too have chinese food was go too favorite chinese or sushi same case.We both felt like the restaurant was kind of hot. Maybe the a/c was broke or the fact the place has really low ceilings so not much breathing room. Service was definitely five stars our waitress was on it. She apologizes few times since our beef with chinese broccoli came up late late. She really nice, and made sure never had empty glass came too my soda. They have few widescreen television on sports at the sushi bar. So if wanted too watch game either at the sushi bar or tables not bad seat, The decor nothing special or stood out just another restaurant in hotel. The vibe I got. They do have lunch specials. I might make return trip just so try more of the menu. Really if looking for good sushi or chinese night out not the spot would say go too spot.
4	Finally something fairly decent for Chinese food her in Vegas. This area has been a vast wasteland for any remotely decent Chinese. The  hot and Sour soup was o.k. Not bad as both the hot and sour were prevalent, but the flavor was lacking. I was therefore pleasantly surprised by how flavorful my half roasted duck was. My husband had the beef and eggplant, again it was well prepared and flavorful. Service was good. I felt that the prices in comparison to other casino/hotel restaurants like this were reasonable and the quality of food was in line with the prices. I was disappointed with my inability to get a glass of wine that the menu had a by the glass price for. The waiter said that they would only serve it by the bottle, in spite of the menu showing it available either be glass or bottle. Drank water as result.
4	Very tasty rolls! I sat at the sushi bar and got quick fast service. Fresh good and good wine selection. Hotel even occationally offers coupons for folks staying here.
3	Conveniently located in the Orleans hotel. Good combo of Japanese, sushi bar and Chinese dishes.  We had the Chinese dishes, pan fried seafood chow mein, spicy chicken, hot sour soup, very good, will have try the sushi next time
2	Service has really declined since Boyd took over this restaurant. All new ppl who are lazy and don't seem to know what each other is doing. Service soooo slow. The new employees SCREAM union mentality. Food still good but has declined as well.
2	We come and stay at The Orleans about 3 times a year for 4 days at a time for the past 3 years. We've only been to Koji once, we've only had sushi, and we haven't returned. We were not impressed. The 5 rolls we ordered were very small and kind of sloppy. The taste was "meh" at best - not so bad I wanted to spit it out, but definitely not something that would justify the prices. I think we'll travel around the area looking for another sushi spot.
