5	The Malt House is simply the best bar in Madison. Well, it may not actually be that, but it is certainly the best beer bar in town and likely the state of Wisconsin.My only complaint would be with regard to the amount of staffing. I have never (in approximately 7 or 8 visits) seen more than one bartender on staff (including Saturday evening visits). The option to bring your own food or have it delivered is quite considerate given the high octane quality of many of the beers offered.I simply cannot say enough about the tap list and the regularity with which management rotates the taps. This is a bar worth visiting on a regular basis as the beers change at least weekly.
5	Fantastic place, a neighborhood pub where friends can gather to talk over a good beer without a lot of distractions.  An outstanding selection of beers on tap and in bottles, and a great whiskey selection too!  I love the low-key nature of the place, just a bar and a few tables.There is no food on the menu, but outside food is welcome, including pizza delivery from the outstanding eastside pizza options (Glass Nickel, Roman Candle...).
4	This place has just about everything...  except food.It's also a very confusing place, directly across the street from an adult video store, the capital building in the distance.The building itself seems to be suffering an identity crisis, a converted gas station, retrofitted with one of the oldest bar tops in Madison.  Made from wood older than me, this thing is huge, the kind I might imagine the old west had a lot of.  I can imagine rolling in after a long day of cattle-thieving and damsel distressing, ordering a stiffy off the extensive whiskey menu with the tip of my cowboy hat.Yeah, if I was a cattle thief, or a bandit, I would definitely come to this place to wind down from various sundry pursuits.This place really reminds me a lot of Barley Johns in New Brighton, MN.  Sure, they don't brew their own beer, but they have at least twenty high-quality beers on tap (my recommendation being the ale asylum IPA).  They're also stocked to the gills with bottles of beers like Chimay and Dogfishhead 90/120 minute IPA.Also, because there is no kitchen, they actually encourage you to order in from delivery places in the area (Glass Nickel Pizza, etc.).  This is a concept I can really get behind.  Never before have I thought it possible for a bar to have a BYOF sign out front.  Oh golly, I'm getting a little light-headed, my sense of the universe is shifting subtly. So many things to like.  So, you may be asking, why not the requisite fifth star?  Well, I'll tell you.  I'm not a follower, I'm a cattle thief, and this place is full of beer snobs.  Despite being an amateur beer snob myself, I still get annoyed when I see others like me in public.  Jerks.  Oh, still feeling light headed, my vision is blurry, like I'm having a dream, or... a flashback to the wild west.I rise from my seat after two Asylum Ales and a malt whiskey, my spurs jangle as I approach the table of a beer snob eating pizza.  "Pardon me mister, I believe that's my pizza you're eatin'."  As I say this, I twist my mustache with one hand and stroke my revolver with the other, in plain sight.  All the patrons, and the barkeep see the conflict brewing and take notice.  Malt House is now completely quiet, save the tumbleweeds rolling by. "Why no sir, you must be mistaken.  I ordered this pizza just a moment ago."  I cock my brow and screw my lips, spitting into a spittoon over thirty feet away "Well, I guess we're at an impasse here sir.  What say we step outside and have a gentlemanly talk about this."
5	Taking over the space that housed the infamous Union Tap, this love song to brewing in its many forms is a great addition to the near east side night life. Shrewdly catering to the neighborhood residents' penchant for discourse and discernment, the Malt House has taken off, seemingly, at a time when many other businesses are shuttering. Combining familiar, friendly bartenders, a tv-less atmosphere, and a eye-blurring selection of beers from around the state,  country and world, this cozy depot remains grounded while dealing in the trappings of pretense. It proves that quality and good taste don't have to equal elitism and snobbery.
5	I travel all over the US and Western Europe.   I like to do dedicated beer vacations (e.g., west coast, Prague, Brussels).   That said,  I would trade this place for all the other specialty beer meccas anywhere I've ever been - - put together.   Seriously.   This place is on my way home from work.   No matter how I try to get home in good time, my car keeps navigating me straight into the parking lot - - and I don't even have GPS!
3	We came for happy hour and they had some kind of godawful country music band playing.  Besides that, the band members brought along their families, so the place was packed with... wait for it... kids.  Really, no thanks. So the only thing I remember - listening to country music and bratty kids knocking into me.  If I want to deal with families at 6pm on a Wednesday, I'll go to Chili's.  God.  (Is there a Chili's in Madison?).
4	Nice place, out of the way, this bar seems to clear out pretty early, large selection of drinks. I noticed in the local press that the owner was trying to get some outside seating arranged which the city was blocking due to code issues. However that seems to have been resolved since the last few times I've been past there's been people out in the parking lot sitting at tables.
4	As others have stated, there are a ton of beer and liqueur  selections.  The recent addition of outside seating is a nice improvement!
4	Excellent selection of tap beers. Largest selection of bottled beers I have ever seen. Prices arn't bad about 3-4 bucks for a beer(more if you get the Belgium beers but they are oh so good). If your a Belgium beer fan you have to go here. They have about five on tap!  I like that there are no TV's, pool table, junk box etc. Only entertainment is conversation(Ive heard they sometimes have live music too). Its kind of refreshing to see that. However...there is nothing to really keep you there after you've gulped down your beers. I would like to see a nice bristled dart board or something(however the bar is small and space is precious).They need to get a spring or door stop on their screen door. People come in and it slams really loud echoing through the bar...the first time it startled me then I really started to get annoyed every time it happened. Overall its an good place to get a beer if that's all your looking for.  The bartenders are knowledgeable but didn't seem overly friendly(they were pretty busy though). I like going there and trying new beers....and the Belgium beers on tap are delicious. P.S.- I don't know if this seems kinda tacky but it might be cool if they had a beer club or something(like Old Chicago) a checklist you could mark for beers you tried.~Rondell
5	Going to the Malt House on a recentish trip to Madison really made me miss living in Wisconsin.  It's not like there aren't places with large beer selections in Champaign, IL, but there's nothing that compares to the Malt House.  This bar has beer selection coming out of its hoohah.  It's overwhelming and intoxicating (on more than one level)--and if I hadn't just gotten done driving for four hours, I would've wanted to stay and drink and talk to the sassy staff all night long.  Some day, Malt House...some day.
4	largest beer selection in madison
5	If you like beer (and I mean GOOD beer, not Budweiser), you need to check this place out. While househunting in the area, my boyfriend and I became curious about the little bar on the corner with no signage. We ended up buying a house within stumbling distance, and needless to say, the Malt House has become a favorite neighborhood hangout. The bartenders are friendly, and if you have questions about any of the beers in their gigantic selection, they will gladly tell you what they know with no beer snobbery whatsoever.They occasionally have live music, but it's acoustic, so it doesn't get too loud in the tiny space. It's far enough away from downtown that it doesn't get obnoxiously crowded. They don't have food, but you can order delivery or bring your own in with you.I LOVE this bar. Period.
5	Let me get off to a running start: easily one of the best bars in the Midwest and one of my favorite bars EVER.On a recent trip to Madtown, my girlfriend and myself had the opportunity to kick back and have some delicious beers at the Malthouse.  In no way did it disappoint.  Maybe it's my jaded Chicago nature...the fact is, seems like these days, every bar in Chicago likes to think it's on the pinnacle and cutting edge of the craft beer scene.  It get's exhausting, not to mention the bars that actually ARE serving up killer beers are pretty much unapproachable and impossible to chill out in, much less get through the front doors on a weeknight (ie Hopleaf, Maproom).  We found the Malthouse roomy, chilled out, and totally unpretentious.  The beer selection is exquisite, as it's a hefty selection of local midwest craft brews and a ton of excellent belgian offerings.  The list really ran the gamut...everything from Sours to imperial stouts to American Belgian ipa's.  Their draft list was great...my only complaint is that they didn't seem to serve any cask ales on a beer engine...but that's digging deep.  The bartenders were really nice and didn't hesitate to give us samples of whatever we liked...I really appreciated that aspect and it's something most bars in Chitown are too stingy to do, even despite the fact that you're laying down $9 for a brew.  Overall a stellar bar, both in terms of quantity and quality.  I appreciated it's unassuming exterior, kind of connotating that the important stuff was the beer, not the flashy lights and awning.  Can't wait to go back!
5	The malt house is definitely my favorite place to drink a few beers in Madison.  They have such a wide selection of craft brews that's never disappointing.  There are no TVs, pool tablse, or any entertainment because the place is suppose to give off an old school vibe, but it's a great place to have a conversation and relax.The bartenders are very friendly and can answer any questions about the beers, which is impressive because of their huge selection.
5	If you like beer, you HAVE to go here.  Knowledgeable bar staff, huge selection, many taps and even more bottles.  The sheer amount of beer is a little overwhelming, but the staff are really helpful and will offer you samples.  The crowd is always friendly and laid back.  A few people mentioned being turned off by "beer snobs."  Maybe you're referring to the Homebrewers meetings that take place there?  They meet on Wednesdays, so if you go any other day of the week you will likely avoid them (even though I've never found them problematic or "snobby").
5	Great prices and great selection.  They have happy hour every day 4-7 pm, with a dollar off drafts.  And, there is a great draft selection, with lots of Wisconsin selections joined by great Belgian offerings.Parking is easy.  They don't have much foods--I saw some chips on sale--but some people brought sandwiches in and the bartender didn't car at all.
5	I'll start by saying that I'm not really a "bar" person, and rarely enjoy spending time in them. However, on my first few visits to the Malt House, I was extremely impressed with their selection of alcohols, and even more impressed with their lack of TVs and gambling machines! It is great to be able to have a neighborhood bar to call my own that doesn't involve elbowing past a bunch of college students and talking over a football game. The atmosphere is intimate and well-suited to conversation over a great brew. The bartenders are also fantastic as well as knowledgeable, no snobbery at all, and I was pleasantly surprised when one bartender remembered my name, and drink, after only one visit. They occasionally have live music (often during the weekdays), and you can view their Facebook page to determine if you're into whatever music is going to be playing. (Just a word to the wise, musicians often bring their families, and this can include kids and babies. It doesn't bother me, but it does bother some people. This is not a problem on nights with no music.) In summation, I love this place!
5	Excellent service. HUGE range of beers to pick from. Great place for anyone who is into beer. You can find something for everyone there.
4	Always good taps (about 18) that change weekly.  Lots of Belgians, with other craft brews available - many local.  All beer is served in the appropriate type of glass. There's also a full bottle cooler in the back if you're looking for something else.  I would suggest getting on their Facebook page or mailing list for tap announcements.  They also have lots of Whiskey, and hard-to-find Ciders, Cysers, and Mead.The bartenders are very knowledgeable about the beer, but could sometimes have more information on a particular beer - for example they may not know ABV or OG numbers.  Also, the beer board isn't always completely up to date in regards to what's actually available at any given time.For the various type of beers that you have access to, and the portions that are served, the price is very reasonable, particularly as you have the opportunity to taste draft/draught beers prior to purchase.Seating is somewhat haphazard - maybe 6 to 8 tables plus bar, first come first serve, with the tables ending up however the last occupants placed them.  It's nice that during warmer months they now have outdoor seating as that should alleviate some of the seating issues when it gets busy.As mentioned by others, there's still no televisions or other distractions, although they did have a WORT DJ playing some decent tunes while we were in there which was a bit loud for the space - I've never been a fan of having to shout to be heard by someone sitting next to you.  That was on a Tuesday.  They also have live music other days of the week.Speaking of Tuesday, they had a deal on Trappist beers, so that was nice to get reduced pricing on some of the best beer around.And while there's no kitchen available, I believe that they still allow you to order in a pizza or carry in food as long as you clean up after yourself.  However, you probably want to check first before you try this.Probably the best beer bar in Madison as far as taps go, but with a tavern atmosphere.  It's a bit hard to find (thankfully) as I can envision even more nightly capacity issues if this place becomes too popular.
5	From the outside, the Malt House isn't much to look at, but a treasure trove of beer and whiskey await you inside. Cozy, great music playing a level you can talk over without shouting, and the most extensive beer menu I think I've ever seen.The menu is well-organized by beer and liquor type, which is great if you know what you do and don't like. Most of their selection is in bottles, but they have about fifteen or so beers on tap as well. The bartender was polite, knowledgeable, and had a good pour. Bonus points for plenty of seating and a clean ladies' room, and for featuring the oldest bar in Madison (Civil War-era, apparently).
5	Good beer, nice atmosphere. i Loved it
5	Very unique gathering place!!!!! Awesome awesome awesome!
4	Really chill place with a very impressive beer list.  If you love beer, this is the place to go in Madison.
5	Perfect bar for those that aren't into the hipster or college bars downtown.  The Malt House has a chilled out crowd where everyone can feel at home.  They offer a no frills environment with reasonably priced beers and endless selection.  My 9.5% beer helped send me on my way to a pleasantly drunken Friday night.Maybe it was the beer, but I almost got trapped in the ladies room.  Ladies:  use the top door knob when trying to leave the bathroom.  Just a heads up.After driving by this bar a million times---it's on the corner of E. Wash and Milwaukee---I'm so glad I finally went.  Can't wait to sample some more beers, or maybe take a 3/$10 whiskey ride.  Check out The Malt House!
5	Best bar in Madison.
5	Best bar in Madison, especially if you don't want to be with a bunch of college kids AND you love delicious, local beer. I wish they served food!
3	Decent bar, nice patio though it can be loud on E-Wash.  Good place to relax with a nice beer however I was disappointed they did not have more Belgians after being places like Brasserie V.  It would fit well with the decent bars on Willy street, but has the bonus of being porn-shop adjacent.
5	Without a doubt the best bar in Madison. Staff is the best and the beer list constantly changes which makes each trip new. Great for those who love beer as they have a ton!
5	You can probably drive past 100 bars from the other side of Capitol Square to get to the Malt House -- and you should.Just "Like" them on Facebook and watch every week as they update their tap selection.  If you're a connoisseur, you'll find something you love or at least want to try every single week.  I think they have 18 taps and something like 200-300 other beers in bottles.  Whiskeys, too, if you're into that.  Plus, Saturdays are $5 off 750 ml bottles, so you and a friend can split that exotic brew you've been eying for a reasonable price.There are no TVs and no jukebox here, and when night falls, the place gets dark.  A few friends, no visual distractions, the best beers ever and only your conversations in your ears? It really doesn't get any better than that.
4	This place has a Civil War era bar table and an impressive range of hard-to-find beers on tap.  The interior is very comfortable and laid back, like a brewery enthusiast's club house.  It makes for a great euchre location.  We visited on a Friday night and it wasn't crowded at all.  Plus, both the patrons and the publicans were courteous and not obnoxious.
4	Where else can you all of this on tap: 6 Belgium beers, 6 Wisconsin beers, and 6 craft beers from the US? Add to this the enormous menu of bottled beer and all other things malted and you have one amazing place. This is a nice casual place to indulge in that beverage you've been wanting to try. There are no games, no televisions, only music played at non-deafening levels. They don't serve food but they keep a stack of menus of places that do deliver. The outside seating is very urban, as it is on a the corner of a busy intersection. If you've never been, visit during happy hour for discounts on tap beers. If you love craft beer or single malt, you owe it to yourself to visit the Malt House.
4	Great Beer--Always! The selection is usually filled with beers I am not familiar with so it is a fun experience picking out a beer. Good place to stop for a drink after work, or later at night.It is off on its own and requires a u-turn to get to if you were heading east on E. Washington from the capitol. The only reason I am not a bigger fan is that I can't walk there.
5	Hands down my favorite place in Madison to grab a beer.The selection is large and changes frequently.  You'll find some interesting and uncommon brews here.  Come for the happy hour to save a few bucks and grab a pizza from Glass Nickel to chown down on while you enjoy the beer(s).
5	The Malt House is one of the best bars in Madison.  Its interior is definitely unassuming, and there are no food options aside from the rack of chips at one end of the giant bar, but what it does, and it does beer & whiskey, it does well. I can only speak to the beers offered, and wow. This is a great list.  The taps rotate frequently, and the bottle selection is broad.  The staff has always been friendly and accommodating, offering recommendations if necessary (although I prefer to grab a menu, stare at the tap list on the chalkboard, and have a little inner monologue about which beer to order) and fast, professional pours.  I really appreciate the weekly updated tap list on the Malt House Facebook page-- one of my pet peeves is self-proclaimed beer bars with online tap lists that are months out of date!  At the end of the night, I'm always surprised by my tab-- in a good way! Hours of drinking great craft beers for what seems a pittance. The patio is a great place to relax during Madison's nicer months, and offers a great view of the Capitol. Sitting inside is dark and cozy.The Malt House draws a varied crowd, and everyone seems comfortable.  I've seen families picnicking outside while the adults indulge in a drink or two, plenty of dogs on the patio, and I've had many nights where delivery pizzas were required (both Glass Nickel and Roman Candle deliver, or there's a Papa John's across the street if you're saving your nickels for one more beer).I am glad I found the Malt House. It has definitely aided in my progression as a craft beer consumer and enthusiast, and has been a welcome fit at each stage.
3	Service was about as bad as you can get.  My glass smelled funky & the waiter thought I was off my rocker.  We sat outside & chatted with the locals.  I don't drink beer, but they seem to have a good selection.  Kinda run down- you would think it was more of a dive bar, but the superior attitude behind the bar proves otherwise.  Cool hang out.  Crowd varied, which I liked. Patrons even brought their dogs to sit outside with them!I would give it another try becuase I recognize that not everyone enjoys their jobs and is entitled to a bad day:(
5	10 reasons I will return to Malt House... often. 1. Tom Q. (Because when he goes, I'm going.) 2. An incredible selection of beer. The biggest in Madison? No. Most interesting? Yes. 3. They have New Glarus Enigma. It's amaze. 6 bucks typically, $5 during happy hour. 4. Picnic tables! BYOF (foooooooood). 5. SloPig. I wish they roasted an entire pig everyday. Really. I'd never grow tired. 6. Friendly bartenders. Friendly staff.  7. So close to the house, I could stumble home if I need. 8. Great place to try things you won't find anywhere else. 9. Cool glass washing contraption that shoots water up your glass prior to fill up.10. Tom's planning a UYE. COME! (http://www.yelp.com/events/madison-uye-beer-me)
3	I've visited the Malt House several times over the past year, and while I'm a fan of most brews, I freely admit that Belgian-styled offerings and me aren't quite BFFs.  The Malt House leans more toward the Trappist side, or at least it has when I've been there.  That said, they don't focus exclusively on Belgian beers, so you'll be able to find an IPA, or a cask ale, or something interesting.The Malt House uses the correct glassware for the style of beer that you order, and you'll be hard-pressed to find an icy cold, pre-frosted glass.  They serve it-up proper.Prices are reasonable as well; I had a pint of Potosi Snake Hollow IPA the other night, and it ran a more than respectable $4.  Where I'd like to see some improvement is around the staffing.  They usually only have one bartender, and when things pick-up, the service speed suffers.  I also suspect that a few of the tap lines may have too high of pressure; the IPA would foam and head-up like crazy; after pouring the pint, the bartender would have to let it sit for 4-5 minutes, then add some more beer, let it sit, and so on.  That's fine and dandy when there aren't many people in the place, but by 7:30pm, the place is usually rather busy, so it slows everyone down.All-in-all, the Malt House is solid.  Especially so if you enjoy a good, quality Belgian beer.
5	It's not a sports bar. There are no TV's or games. There are however, some great beers on tap, always. If you want to try some Belgian ales, stop here. They had St. Bernardus Abt 12 on tap the last time I was there, which is pretty cool. The bartender didn't seem stuck up or anything, and was happy to help. It's really about socializing and drinking the great beers of the world. I'm sure they had tons of awesome bottled beers, but I didn't pay any attention to it.
4	Good place to get beer wasted. Can't really order a mixed drink here if you want to keep a shred of self dignity. Looks like they offer quite a few whiskey options as well if you're into that.
5	Great beer in a laid back and easy going atmosphere. No frites though...But an excellent place for a very wide range of beers.
4	Beer snob heaven.  Selection of craft brews awesome.  Great casual atmosphere with no TV's - which is a nice change of pace!  Seating outside is great for those 3 1/2 months we can in Wisconsin.
5	I love Belgian beer like it is going out of style, so The Malt House is my happy place. The fact that the bar is the Oldest Bar in Madison and has a history dating back more than 100 years only adds to the charm.The bartenders are always knowledgable and helpful. They have a rotating tap that always has great local beers and some hard-to-find American and Belgian brews. They also have an amazing array of whisky. Now, I love Malt House for what it is, but those looking for an upscale place where people will wait on you hand and food will be sorely disappointed. Expect a low-key, comfortable ambiance with a lot of people passionate about beer.
4	I am biased. Because anyone that has duchesse de bourgogne on tap already has my vote. Couple that with the proper way to serve it, and boom. Like I said, I am biased as I like to imbibe on Belgian-styled beers. Their beer selection is not huge, but I think it is one of the most original in the area.Things I don't dig about the Malt House...1. All the times I have been in here, there is always only 1 (friendly and helpful) bartender working.2. It is a haul for me (again, biased).3. Their wonky parking lot.So. Really. The things I am griping about are not that bad. This place is original. It isn't a loud sports bar. It has REALLY GOOD beer on tap. It's the perfect place to meet up with friends and have a casual beer or two (just watch the abv's...some of these beers are POTENT).So yes. I'll be back. I'd be back more often, but I shy away from the drinking and driving thing.
5	Stopped at the Malt House for Craft Beer Week. They hosted a Trappist beer and cheese tasting, which was delightful. The atmosphere was perfect - not too large, not too loud, and no annoying TVs (I'm not a spectator sports fan). The staff was quite friendly, and they ended up giving us two Trappist goblets for the road (we were visiting from Japan). Wonderful event, and great bar.
5	One of my favorite bars of all time. The Malt House has an excellent beer and whiskey selection. Staff is friendly and the typical Malt House bar patron is pretty chill. During the summer it's fantastic to sit in the outdoor seating and watch people drive like maniacs on East Wash. No food there, but they are cool with people ordering delivery.
5	Solely because I need this on my "Beer Me!" List.The tap list here is unfuckingbelievable. Guys know exactly what they're doing and the bartenders are all insanely knowledgeable.Great selection of hops, sours, and everything in-between. Easily rivals the best tap lists in the state.
5	Overview:  Claim a seat and sit there all night with friends. Hits: Great staff, great customers, and great vibes. Misses: None. Hints:   Saturday night is "750 night" --$5 bucks off of 750ml bottled beers...I think from  8 to close. Drink one on your own or share it with friends. Bottom Line: I venture to the east side just to go to Malt House -- you should too.
4	The most off-beat beer selection in Madison, bar-none.  Bartenders who know their stuff.  Great atmosphere.  What's not to like?
5	One of the best craft beer bars I have been to in the United States. Good service, good selection of on tap and bottled beers. The tap list changes regularly so you can always find something new. They have a good representation of Wisconsin taps, domestic, international, and Belgiums. What I really like about the Malt House is it is all about the beer and conversation. Always a fun crowd ranging from doctor's and business travelers to beer snobs and average joe's off the street. Most people who go here are there for the beer. If you like fine crafted beer and nice people give it a try. If you go during happy hour you will be surprised by the price of a US pint of fine hand crafted beer.
5	Simply put - THE BEST place to go grab a beer.  You can throw back a Miller Lite anywhere.  Come to the Malt House to have a REAL beer.  Don't know much?  Ask - they'll help you figure out what you like (even if you're a Lite drinker, they'll have something for you).Best place to have beer or whiskey.  Period.  Go out of your way to check this place out - it's worth it!
5	The Malthouse is just like an English pub,Apart from the lack of our infamous grub,There's hundreds of great beers on tap,Perfect recommendations from the bar chap,And an ambiance that makes you feel part of the club.
5	We love the malt house.  Great beer selections and a low key atmosphere make it a fun place to grab a beer or three.
5	This place is unbelievable. Utterly amazing beer list, and possibly the best Scotch menu in Madison! Love the quieter atmosphere and the vintage bar. There's no food, though you can order in. My advice would be to come with a full belly, and bring a designated driver (One who doesn't care for beer or whiskey, of course. Otherwise you're torturing them.)
1	I was excited to come to this bar because of their great beer selection.  When I walked in I asked if there was a beer list.   The bartender pointed and said, "It's on the board behind you."  I thought it was a strange response, since the board only had the beers that were on tap, but we ordered from that list.  My boyfriend and I both received dirty looks for our beer choices, and the bartender reluctantly got them.While we sat at the bar a man approached the bar ordering for himself and a few friends.  Normally they drank macro brews, so they needed a recommendation of what to get.  The bartender condescending judged their normal beer preferences and told them what was closest to what they drank.  When the man came back up to order a second round of beers the bartender sighed at him and made a face of annoyance.While drinking my beer I noticed there was a book someone had that listed the beers available in bottles.  Funny because this is what I requested and was not given when I walked in.  When the man was done with the book he let me have it.  My next beer selection then came from the book.  Once I got my second beer my boyfriend and I moved to table in order to get away from the bartender.Shortly after moving to a table, a group of the bartender's friends came in.  He served them and grabbed a beer for himself.  Then he sat with them at the tables.  After we finished our beers we walked back up to the bar and stood there thinking the bartender would come back to the bar, since he had patrons with empty beers standing up there.  Plus there were 2 other people sitting at the bar with empty beers.  Clearly he didn't care once he had his friends to hangout with.  At that point I decided to walk over and let him know that I wanted to close out my tab, and then he finally cared for closing out my tab.After having such horrible service I refused to come back.  No amazing beer selection could make up for that.
5	One of the places we miss the most since we left Madison. You could say it's a little out of the way if you're hanging out downtown, but it's really easy to get to and more than worth it if you love beer, or just enjoy a cozy, friendly, usually quiet place to hang out and actually talk to friends instead of being packed into a crowd of college kids who love bad music and are total a-holes when you're waiting to get a drink.Allegedly residing at the location of the oldest watering hole in the state, the ambiance here is just a bonus. Nice and warm inside during the long winters, and a nice outdoor space for the beautiful Wisconsin summers.  The beer and whiskey selection is mind-blowing, with tons of bottles to choose from as well as a regularly rotating selection of taps from just down the street or across the globe.
4	I love Malt House. I also love that it's a hop and a skip from my apartment. I can't wait until it's warm enough to sit out at one of the picnic tables!They certainly do have a lot of great beer at reasonable prices. No food is served, other than snacks. You can bring food or have it delivered if you must.The space is beautiful and has lots of old woodwork to admire. It's a pretty small place, and can get cramped/loud.I'm shocked at some of the reviews saying they've had poor service. I've been here dozens of times and have always had friendly folks serving me beers. I was there on St. Patrick's Day, and the ladies working the bar were fantastic.Now, I'd give Malt House a full 5-star review, but I do have one problem with the place. And that problem is...when they have live music. This bar is small and loud as it is. When they stuff a band in the corner and blast out some music, it is SO...LOUD. There really isn't any reason for my friends and I to go there when there's live music, because conversation is impossible. For a bar that size, it's rather strange that they would even have live music.
1	Good beer choice but surly staff when we visited for the first time a few months ago. I pondered not writing a review but decided to as still recall the grimace and rolled eyes when I ordered a martini for my wife (and yes it was on the drinks menu as a choice). The bartender proceeded to pour about two ounces of olive juice in a beer glass and twice as much gin as needed, two olives on a toothpick that sunk deep in the glass, a quick stir, all topped with a good riddance look. A horrible tasting warm martini - what's that all about?!
4	Nice little patio overlooking beautiful East Washington Avenue with a front-row view of Red Letter News. Get drunk and go get your porn on!But seriously folks, great selection of beer. I like the Belgian sours that can be a little hard to find sometimes. They have em. The crowd is usually friendly and they have lots of music to go check out. Cool little joint that is very laid back in an old union meeting house.
2	Awesome selection of beer and whiskies. Patio is nice and live music is usually enjoyable. I live a block away but rarely stop in due to a certain bartender or two who often are acting way too cool to be nice or welcoming in any way. Blond haired dude with glasses is the douche I remember most. Drop the attitude man, I know all those beers too. You are not special.
5	One of the, if not the best bar in Madison if you love beer...and that's saying a lot. But yeah hundreds of great imports available and the ideal spot to have a good chat with your best poots. One shmucky bartender who also works at Dexters's but it's fine
