5	New and great place. The owners are very friendly and the service is pretty quick. The Pho and Panang Curry are my favorites here.
5	Fantastic Thai food for great prices. Their pad thai is great, and it can feed two for around $8. During the week they offer specials for $5, choice of rice and meat, generous portions. Their crab Rangoon is unique and is pretty good, worth a try. The owner is a very nice guy, provides great service! If you're in the mood for thai on campus, this is the spot to check out first.
5	Don't let the building and decor fool you--this place has DELICIOUS and authentic food! My boyfriend & I were searching for a good thai place around campus and finally found it. The man that works there is always so cheerful and friendly. They definitely will make your food spicy if you request it, so if you don't like your food spicy, make sure to tell them a "0" or "1" spicy level. The prices are pretty average for a thai restaurant, but the portions are generous so you can even save it for an extra meal :)
5	Best spicy thai food on campus by far. Everything on the menu is great.
3	Food is fine but the wait time is too much. We had to wait more than half hour to get our pad Thai at lunch time!
5	A bit hidden and relatively new.. but I keep going back for their Thai food! Everything has been wonderful and freakishly quick. They are also very nice.I think they have the best Pad Thai and Pad See Ew on campus!
4	Came here at closing time.The cashier was super friendly, and super nice.We got our food fairly fast i'd say. The owner was nice to let us stay for a while and to also order more!The food was not bad for a small town. Portions were not too big, and price was okay!
2	The Yelp community let me down this time, it was either them or us...Finish readinghttp://www.thaifoodaficionado.com/2012/07/bangkok-tai-restaurant-champaign-il.html
5	I ate pho here everytime and it is really delicious! The owner is super friendly, too!
5	the best thai in champaign county.Get the pad thai or the curry.
4	I'm not sure if this restaurant is related to the Bangkok Thai in Savoy, but I think this location on Green St. in Campustown is a lot better than the Savoy location.  This is located in the little plaza on Green and Fifth.   You place your order at the window and in about 5 minutes, they call out your order and you go pick it up.  So there's no waiter service.   I ordered the Pho with rare flank steak and it was the most authentic I've had in the area.  Yes, it beats out Xinh Xinh by a LONG SHOT.   I also ordered an egg roll --- it wasn't great but it hits the spot if you need an egg roll fix.  It's more like a Chinese egg roll than those fried Vietnamese spring rolls which I was hoping that this was.... but alas.   The soup on the other hand, was delicious.  The noodles were the right texture, the beef was tender (although I wish they put more in) and the accompanying bean sprouts, jalapeno, lime made everything taste better!!  I love this place and will definitely be back now that I know that there is close-to authentic pho in Champaign now.They do have an extensive Thai menu as well, but I would stick with the Pho.  I saw lots of other customers who had various Thai noodle dishes who seemed happy.  The only drawback to this place is that it is in Campustown.
5	You can't beat the 5$ lunch specials! Specially the yellow curry on Thursdays :) Plus the owners are really nice and warm!
5	This place serves great Thai food on campus, and the daily special is a great deal (Mondays and Fridays are my favorite).  The Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, and Pad Kee Mao are all delicious - and are served in huge portions.  I've heard the Vietnamese dishes are also quite good.  The staff are very friendly.
5	Mia Za's used to be my favourite restaurant on campus until I came here. I wasn't overly chuffed with it replacing Zyggyz, but one visit later I was a frequent customer and a fan. Their pad thai, pad sew, pho and yellow curry is worth going the distance on Green street. Fairly priced too, I am a regular visitor on Monday's for the pad thai and Thursdays for the yellow curry (daily special, around 5-6 bucks). Spicy too! Can get it non spicy, but then where's the fun?! but there is the option.
5	My newest addiction! I had never tried Pho before and my sister recommended it to cure a killer hangover. It worked and it was delicious. I can't resist coming back since I live so close.The only thing I have eaten here is the Seafood Pho and it is phenomenal. It is filling, well made and absolutely delicious. It is about 10 dollars but you get so much. It lasted me 2 meals when I was moderately hungry one time.The staff is very friendly, it seems clean and everyone always looks happy with their food. I love this place, definitely try it if you haven't.
5	I have been here several times now and every time it is astronomically delicious!  Though, to be 100% honest the only thing I ever get there is Chicken Pad Thai and Crab Rangoon.The store itself is hidden in what seems like an apartment complex right across from a laundry mat.The owner of this location is a nice guy with a open and joking personality.  when I first went their and ordered Pad Thai he got this evil/mischievous smirk on his face and asked if I like spicy food.  Though I had already been forwarded about their spicy level and stated my preferred starter number which was 3 to vary how spicy I could go and one day when I feel nice a stupid I'll go up to 6 but I am not a young man anymore and I WILL regret that act of bravado. If you love Pad Thai go there on Monday as it is on special for $5.99
4	Super good Chicken Pad Thai! Huge portion for a cheap price. Go there about twice a month for the same exact thing!The food is good for about a 20 minute window however, don't try and bring this home...
5	The best Thai and Vietnamese food I've had here! The staff are super friendly. Basil chicken and pho are always on my lists to order. They are very authentic to me. I have to go there several times everywhere week! My favorite restaurant in town.
5	Been here several times, and it's by far the best spot in CU to get Pho. Love the Pho, and the Pad Thai here, and the spring rolls are good too.  They have the most awesome daily specials too. The staff is very courteous and friendly. I would recommend this this spot for anyone wanting to try something new, or if you are a California guy like me, that loves the Pho.
4	Some of the best pho you can get on campus. Go during lunch time for cheaper prices. Don't forget to look at the special of day for added discounts. Flavor-wise, the broth is pretty authentic. I find their tripe a bit hard and chewy sometimes, but the beef balls and other meat is done really well. So...sounds pretty good, right? Well, everything's great until you see the price tag. In Vietnam, you can buy an amazing, overflowing bowl of pho for, get this, $1. Yep. Here, it verges from $6-9. Given that it's the only place on campus though, I would collect those dollars together, my friends. This place is totally worth that added hole in your wallet, at least once a month.
4	Come here for a quickly prepared, delicious meal. I've been here a few times, and I am a fan of their pad see ew, curries, and pho. However, I think that while the pho broth has good flavor, it is also heavily garlicky, so I would recommend adding more sriracha or lime juice to counterbalance the flavor if you're not a big fan of garlic. In general, it's not the best Southeast Asian food I've had (I grew up in New York City), but it holds its own. The cons are that the ambiance is lacking and the thai iced tea comes in a bottle instead of being made from scratch.Daily specials ($4.99 lunch and $5.99 dinner) as of today are:Monday - Pad ThaiTuesday - Fried RiceWednesday - Basil ChickenThursday - Yellow CurryFriday - Pad Ke Mao
2	Dirty, overpriced and untasty. My pho tasted like one big bowl of OLD salt water.  Very little meat, no thai basil.  Honestly, the worse bowl of Pho I've ever tried (couldn't bring myself to do it) to eat. My dinner partners fried rice was oily with no veggies and little meat. Our soft drinks which were listed as "free refills" for $1.75 were given to us in 12oz cans, with no refills available. Our appetizer sampler only contained 1/2 of what it was listed to have. We had chosen to eat there, but all the tables were filthy. Even though there were only two other tables eating at the time we were there no employees choose to take advantage of the lull for some cleaning.. No thank you yelp community. You missed the mark on this one.
5	The Pho here is amazing! It's so good and they give you so much that you end up having left overs. The food comes out really fast also! A good place if your hungry and you want your food fast!
5	Been here several times, this place is awesome. You can't beat their prices for the lunch or dinner specials, and the food tastes excellent. I recently find myself getting cravings for this place. I prefer the Pad Kemao(thicker noodles) to the standard Pad Thai, but thats just me.
5	I first went right after it opened a couple of years ago and have frequently returned. You can't go wrong with any of the best noodle dishes, especially the pad Thai on Mondays and pad kee Mao on Fridays when they are on special. The pho is also really good when  there aren't any specials I want
5	How did I forget to write a review for this place???It's delicious!It is kind of hidden, and yes, it's a hole in the wall. But in my experience, holes in the walls have the best food!!And this place is no exception. We had the Tom Kha soup and something with chicken (I don't remember what my husband ordered, but it was chicken and it was spicy and it was amazing.)  My soup was heavenly. Just what I had a craving for! It had just the right amount of kick.I'd love to try more of their food.Their staff was very nice, and they cooked the food perfectly.Try this place. You won't be disappointed!
5	I am always on the hunt for some good Thai, especially the Pad Thai! In all my travels I don't know if I've stumbled upon such good Pad Thai at such an affordable price. The portions were larger, and the service quick. It wasn't much of a place to go for ambiance, but if you're wanting good Thai, this place is a must!
5	Got the red curry and was pleasantly surprised at how great and fast it was. I have had hotter Thai food but not much better than this.
4	Good and Cheap!
4	My boyfriend and I came here looking for good thai iced teas and good thai food. We got the xe lua pho and it was delicious. It wasn't as authentic as some viet places back in California but it definitely filled the missing void for pho that I had. My boyfriend ordered the pad kee mao. Omg it was phenomenal. Giant chunks of noodle with some veggies. We both thought it was great. The only downsides were the spring rolls had too much lettuce and they didn't have authentic thai iced teas (only ones that came in pre packaged bottles - which still tasted fine but not what we were looking for) All in all, great food. Good find but those disappointments weren't worth taking a star off for. Highly recommend!
5	I frequent this place for lunch and the amount of food is always something that makes me smile. For the $5.50 lunch special you get a heaping of food, and it's always delicious. It's definitely my go-to spot for lunch!
5	Yummy You really tell there was some bang in that kok if you know what I mean. Hahahahaha
5	Some of my favorite Thai on campus!Really relaxed thai beachy feel on campus, and really great service.The food has ways been great - the panang curry and pad thai are two of my favorites, huge portions too.
3	Good food and you can't beat the lunch specials! I've come here for the Thursday curry and the Monday pad thai and both were great at only $5! Watch out, this place can get crowded at lunch but don't worry, the line moves quick.Can't wait to try the pho!10/27/14 UPDATEI just got back from eating here for lunch. They've instilled a new policy where if you order the special, its automatically served in takeout containers. For someone who goes out of their way to limit their contribution to landfills, I'm not sure if I'll be coming here often to say the least and I definitely will avoid ordering the daily special.
3	This review is for Bangkok Thai:Good place for a quick meal. At one point, I ate here more than 3 times a week. It is not the best Thai food I've had but a great place to eat at in between classes and otherwise for a good & inexpensive meal. My favorites are the yellow curry and the fried rice!
5	Probably the greatest addition to campus in a long time. The other closest Thai food nearby would be Basil Thai, which is on the opposite end of campus. Every day during the week, there will be lunch specials. For a mere $5, you can enjoy food that is enough to be considered as two meals! In addition, you can also adjust the level of spiciness to your liking, on a scale of 1-6 if memory serves me right. Their pho is also fantastic! Very authentic and very large portion. One no longer had to travel to downtown Urbana to Xin Xin Cafe for pho. The staff are all extremely friendly and am not afraid to chat with you despite their slight language barrier. They are always cheerful and if there's something wrong with the order, they immediately replace it without further questions asked. Definitely a place worthy of regular visits!
5	I love this place. Honestly probably go here the most on campus.  I can't say anything about it being authentic because it's the only thai place I've been to but I think it's amazing. I love their specials during lunch and dinner. Such a good deal and I like basically all of them. The owners are so nice too. I think my favorite is the yellow curry which is on special on Thursdays. I think the fact that it's always busy shows how much other people like it too. I usually get take out just because but the when I eat there the tables are always clean and I think the rice portion is bigger.  This is a put your dish in the bin place but for the cheap price I don't mind. Also love the little turtles in the back! I'm gonna miss this place when I graduate.
4	Cheap and convenient. Has really good curry dish and strongly recommend the pad thai.Never be able to finish the whole thing.The thai milk tea is good too but little bit too sweet for me as a Chinese.Fareast sells it too if you want to buy it somewhere else.
3	My experience here was just okay. I ordered Pho and the broth just didn't cut it for me as being good but it was just alright. My boyfriend ordered the cashew chicken for the first time and he loved it. My friend got chicken fried rice and that was good as well. The price is fairly cheap for the portions at this place which is great for college students. I would come back here for food but not for the pho. I'm only giving three stars because of two reasons. One of them is that I ordered the Thai iced tea for almost $3 and I expecting to have some refreshing authentic Thai iced tea, but instead it was a really small bottled one from the fridge which was pretty disappointing and not worth $3. The woman behind the cashier said "I'm too lazy to make a real one," as her excuse. My second reason is that the restaurant was way too humid and hot with the doors open on a humid rainy day. I was sweating uncomfortably while eating my hot pho and it was unpleasant. There were workers fixing the ceiling tiles or something nearby too, which I thought was unacceptable for when people are eating around them only a few feet away. The food was good, the atmosphere not so much. I will still be coming back for a quick Thai fix because it's so accessible and conveniently located on Green st.
2	This place is so so. Ordered the Panang curry with shrimp and all that was prepared was tiny shrimps in a bowl of curry with no veggies of any sort and served with a bowl of rice. Come on man??!!! WTH?!? Not even worth it!!! Also ordered the Pad See Ew and that was too salty and not enough noodles or meat. Tried to order a home made or made from scratch Thai iced tea and was referred to a can version of it! No thanks! And why would a Thai restaurant have pho on their menu??!!! Stick to your own cuisine and perfect that! Needless to say, pho isn't all that either. Everything there is over priced for mediocre food. Students beware! They think you don't care or know any better since you're college students! On the bright side, the fried rice was decent.
2	I love Thai food, but this was literally the worst I've ever had.  I had the chicken pad Thai, it was totally flavorless.  There were no vegetables and hardly any peanuts.  It didn't even come with a lime.  If you're looking for a cheap lunch then maybe this place is a good idea.  But if you're looking for good Thai food, avoid.
4	Pho Tai :DThe broth: Great, not too sweet or heavily spiced.Meat: They drop it in right at the last minute when packing up your soup to go, so it's fresh. There is a decent portion of it. Definitely way more noodles than meat, but it's ehough to make me happy.The vegetables: sprouts, green onion, lime, and a big portion of noodles. No thai basil included, you can ask them to add some on the side.I recommend taking it to go, coming home, and pouring everything into one of your own big bowls at home for a more cozy feeling than eating in the restaurant which is a little divey (although cute with the turtle tank in the back and the beachy looking awning). I also snuck a little of my brother's pad thai (I'm dieting, ho hum) and it was delicious.
4	I really enjoy the tofu pad se ew and the vegetarian egg rolls. They do tofu a lot better here than at cravings. Definitely not a date place. Pick up and eat at home :)
5	The absolute best Thai food I've ever had. The panang curry and pad Thai are on point. The prices are very fair for the portions you receive especially if you catch the lunch specials. Always a great experience here.
5	Cheap (price wise) Thai food that is good. I've been to plenty of other Thai places that charge a lot more and the food is still not as good. I've stopped by quite a few times for the daily specials, which is completely worth it - good amount of food for $5-$6. Haven't tried the pho so I can't comment on that.
5	Some of the best Pho I have ever had, and I tried in LA, Denver , Chicago , etc. They had duck soup in pho and my wife was very happy. We have found a great place to eat after Illinois football games
3	I was firstly astonished by the price here. I mean, a pho at 8.95 obviously is not a champaign stuff. But seems this is the only Thai restaurant here. The pho tastes okayyy
2	Slimy food. Slimy pad thai. Slimy fried rice.
4	I don't know what the hype is about their noodle dishes, I was not impressed at all. However I will say their curry (red or green) is absolutely delicious. Also, it has plenty of meat and flavor.Their tom yun soup is amazing.
5	Bangkok Thai 911 is my favorite restaurant here in champaign. Reasonable price, awesome foods, nice services, I will give it 5 stars !
2	Restaurant review:Eh, maybe I should have went with the curry. I was craving asian food and decided to come here for dinner. This restaurant reminds me of the Hong Kong dai pai dong food stalls where you order and they call your number to pick up your food. My wife had the pad thai which was a good value and tasted like pad thai. I ahd the pho and it was 2 thumbs down. Even though it was the combo pho with everything, there was not a lot of protein items and the noodles were overcooked. The worst thing was the pho broth which is usually a highlight. I don't know what they used to season it but somehow it tasted like dish water. There was no clear broth flavor with star of anise or hint of cinnamon. It just tasted very off and I could not stomach more than a spoon of the soup. If you want cheap food then the lunch special looks like a good deal, but stay away from the pho at all cost!Pro: inexpensive, no tip you bus your own tray, lots of seatingCons: terrible pho soup, not good at allHidden gem:I have not been here for lunch, but for 5 dollars that seems like a steal with good portion sizes per other reviews.
3	This is definitely the restaurant I want to go to any time of the week. The food is delicious and the service is very fast. Though the Pad Thai is the more popular choice for most people, I recommend the Pad Kee Mao (listed under the Friday special). It uses large rice noodles (about twice the size of Pad See Yu) and has a wider variety of vegetables. It's also much more savory and filling-- I can eat twice as much Pad Thai than Pad Kee Mao and still be more satisfied with the latter.The food can be inconsistent. There are days when I find the Pad Thai too dry or even too saucy. I understand that the cooks make a lot of Pad Thai (especially on Mondays), but I find the Pad Thai inconsistent even on weekends.I recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a quick lunch or looking for a place to sit down and hang out with their friends. The environment is very open and friendly.
5	Having been to almost every asian restaurant around champaign-urbana, I must say that bangkok thai is both my favorite and the place i frequent the most.  The pho is unbelievable. I go here more than twice a week for lunch.  Basically this place is super cheap, has great quality food, is at a convenient location, and your food is always prepared quickly.
4	Best Thai food in Champaign! It's pretty hidden in regards to street view and I wish I had tried it sooner. Hands down the best Pad Thai I've ever had. Fair warning though, regarding the spice scale they really mean it. Spicy means SPICY! The Pad See Ewe is also really good. This is a great place to go if you're looking for a moderately priced meal and leftovers for later (the portions are HUGE).
4	Absolutely love this place and would give 5 stars for the pho. The broth is incredibly tasty and it always comes out tasting amazing. Believe me when I say it warms your soul. However, I'm not really a fan of the Thai food. I had the Pad Ke Mao when it was the daily special and the noodles were mushy and lacked vegetables. But this could have been they were rushing and had pre cooked the noodles because of the high demand for pad ke mao that day? The store owners are incredibly friendly and the food comes out super fast. Definitely      a cheap, delicious, hidden gem on green street and deserves to be checked out!
5	This place is great! I've tried a few of their noodle dishes (haven't tried their pho yet) but they were both really good. Pat see ew and the pad thai are delicious. You can get various spiciness levels. I've gotten the 5 (out of 6) and didn't find it super spicy. Maybe they skimped out on spiciness.They have pretty cheap lunch specials too ($4.99) for lunch. Quick service and yummy grub!
4	This place is awesome because of its lunch specials in which a certain item is 45% off its normal price. I personally like their fried rice Tuesday specials. There isn't anything too special in terms of toppings for the fried rice, just onions and the main ingredient that your order (tofu, chicken, beef, and shrimp fried rice). Also note that shrimp fried rice is not on discount during Tuesday. What makes their food especially delectable is their spicy levels which range from 1-6. With such a wide range, it's somewhat hard to discern the levels of spicy. I've had level 5 and level 6 meals here and I can't really tell the difference sometimes. The service is fast and they have a plethora of water pitchers for water connoisseurs like myself.
4	I love this little restaurant. It has basically every type of Thai food you want at a very reasonable price. It also has lunch special every day. They used to have a secret menu including duck noodle soup, I don't know if they still have it but it's worth a try asking. I love that duck noodle soup.
4	Tried  tom yam, pineapple fried rice and loved them ! The guy and the lady at the cash register are very friendly.
5	Love their pho, best on or off campus. I still remember the first time I had it, I was stuffed to bursting but still had a bowl of that delicious broth left and I honestly felt guilty about throwing it out. The rest of Thai food is serviceable but I only come for the pho. Word of warning: in the cold winter months this place is FREEZING because of a combination of the heavy foot traffic leaving the doors constantly open and the location in the mini mall. The doors face right into the wind which is funneled right down that corridor like a wind tunnel.  The inside is also always cramped and packed though turnover is quick so tables tend to open up regularly. I would do takeout a lot more if it wasn't such a hassle for pho (multiple containers to separate the noodles/broth/garnish and you need a big Chinese soup bowl to put it in once you get where you're going). The folks behind the counter are great friendly but busy so don't expect a lot of chitchat at lunch rush. They do speak Thai and you will get major brownie points if you can summon up a friendly sawat dee or kup kum krap/kah.
