5	I F'n LOVE this place ... great place to grab something to eat solo at home!  Big lines at lunch but other times it's just a crapshoot ... mosly no lines at all on "off times" ...
4	Great food, long lines at lunch but short during dinner, not a very big selection but huge burritos that will fill you up
4	As a Mexican food snob, it pains me to say this. It pains me to say that I love a corporate franchise that is owned by McDonald's, but I do, so there, and it's Chipotle.Something about the brick of a burrito that I always get there is calming and makes significant steps towards soothing a weekend hangover. It isn't greasy at all and afterwards you don't walk away with the "I just ate too much Mexican food" stomach. They prep everything in house and the freshness comes out in everything I've ever ordered, all the way down the line to the chips they serve. Even the music here is surprisingly good . . . If McDonald's weren't involved, it'd be hard not to give them five stars . . .
4	Not bad, not bad at all.  As a Burrito it's absolutely huge and even if you could, you shouldn't eat the whole thing.  I am a big fan of getting it as a bowl so I can actually take smaller bites with a fork without that whole fat girl shoving a giant burrito in her face look. Not sexy.Still, though I worked but moments away for years, we didn't really go that often.  Could it be because there are better "Mexican" spots in the area?  Maybe.  Could it be because the lunch lines are a freaking joke occasionally extending outside the building itself?  Quite possible.  But I'm thinking another big factor was that after a big meal like that (as the guys I worked with though you weren't a man if you couldn't eat the whole thing) everyone just wanted to go back to work and take a nap.  My advice - always get it to go, because you can expect that you'll always be taking some of it home!
2	"brick of a burrito" - that says it all. When I first had Chipotle it was in Dallas, TX before The Pixies show. As you can imagine, the food was great, and I was thrilled at the concept of build-your-own-burrito. With that said, I don't like Chipotle. Or, perhaps, saying I'm not fond of it is more accurate. Who am I kidding, I can take it or leave it. This location is a royal pain. Don't go - whatever you do - during lunch time during the week. That's just asking for trouble. Sure, you can call your order in ahead of time, but you still have to wait in line to pay for it and get it bagged to go. Not worth it. Last time I ate 1/2 my brick burrito, it made my tummy hurt after wards for the rest of the day. Needless to say, I haven't been back.
5	I love Chipotle. This location, though not as good as the one on Camelback, for whatever reason, is still great.The food always tastes fresh and the ingredients are the above standard. The design of the great, simple, modern and ergonomic.Chipotle uses only natural meats, not factory farmed hormone injected animals. And some of the beans are organic. Although the menu choices seem limited, burrito, tacos or bowl, the combinations are endless with the different types of meat, beans, salsas, etc. The menu is more than accommodating to vegans, vegetarians and carnivores alike. They serve domestic and Mexican bottled beers as well as fountain drinks. The portions are huge, the burritos could easily be mistaken for a newborn baby wrapped in tin foil.No matter how long the line is, which it is usually really long, you will get your food fairly quickly.It is refreshing to have a business that actually cares and at the same time serve an amazing product.
4	I have always been a fan of Chipotle's food but haven't really been motivated to sit my ample butt down and give them a review.  Sure the tasty burritos the size of Mom's meatloaf should be worth a few kind words and their delicious guacamole is some of the best at a fast food style Mexican place that I have had.What changed my mind and inspired me to write this was a recent article I read in Newsweek about the effort they are making to use humanely raised meat and rbgh free dairy.  I am not nearly as conscious as I should be about what I eat.   Knowing there is an option to support a business that is helping even in the smallest way would definitely change my mind about where I might fulfill my fast food urges.  They are not using 100% organic and cruelty free but they are doing a whole lot more than most fast food places.  (the pork is 100% humanely raised and they contracted with Tyson to get chickens raised specifically for them with a better diet and more room to move around.)  Good job Chipotle, while you may not be perfect at least you are making an effort.If you'd like to learn more here is the Newsweek article:  http://www.newsweek.com/id/135376
2	Alright kids...here's the deal.  I'm a pretty big fan of Chipotle.  I grub on it in Tucson whenever I get the urge and this was my first shot at one in phx.  After watching one of my SGTs chow down on a burrito from "El Pollo Loco" I was JONESIN for a huge, badass burrito...gotta have me some Chipotle.  I just COULDN'T get it outta my head...That's where I went wrong.  Sad to say, at this location, the burrito I received fell far short of my Chipotle Standard (oh yes, Ally has a Chipotle Standard...she is a silly monkey).  My rice was WAY undercooked, the guy behind the counter was rushing EVERYONE (update, dude, the line isn't that long...you can wait for ppl to tell the girl if they want rice on their burrito before you start the Inquisition focused on "sour cream?", "cheese?") and, although I know the portions are typically too large, my burrito was puny...puny, that is, by the Ally Chipotle Standard.  Most people would prolly see this as a blessing in disguise.  "Ally, your fat ass shouldn't be grubbin on a massive burrito"...I know, I say it to myself all the time.  But, here is the deal.  I LOVE my fat ass.  And my fat ass is a good American...I fucking paid for it, gimme what i WANT!  I had plans for the remains of the burrito I SHOULD have gotten.  I was gonna eat it til I got full and then sat around with the remains, watching Rome and slowly nibbling it into annihilation even tho I would be WAY too full after consuming it.  This was my plan.  Eh, I coulda even saved it for lunch if I had wanted...but who am I kidding...it's totally not as good the second day.Point of the story, CHIPOTLE rocks, but this location...eh, not so much.
5	So you mention Chipotle to you're friends and all they seem to remember is that Jack In The Box add when Jack can't pronounce the word of the wonderful sauce that he put in hamburger form, "Chip-A-Top-LEY? Chip-Poodle? Chi-POT-olee?" is what they seem to mouth off at every instance. EITHER way you say it, Chipotle stands for "FU*KING AMAZING" (sans hepatitis). I am from San Diego, and we have about 6+ last time I checked. I chose to review the one in Phoenix because it was out of the norm of doing it in San Diego (and I'm cool like that). THIS REVIEW GOES TO ALL THE CHIPOTLES THAT EXIST, NEVER A BAD ONE THAT YOU CAN GO TO. First of all, Chipotle is NOT a Mexican Food joint, BUUUUT, it is an AWESOME-food-joint. Chipotle is, how I describe it - "THE SUBWAY OF BURRITOS" - its McDonald's way of getting you to come it and, "Eat Fresh" - take THAT, Jared! I go to School in New Mexico and this state doesn't have one, they suck, they're lame, and New Mexico doesn't know what it is missing! Recommendation: I always get the Vegi-Burrito Fajita Style (adding bell-pepper and onions) and go half-corn salsa half-tomato salsa...then the wonderful people behind the counter stuff it full of LOVE and GREATNESS!! Best burrito you will ever not-finish. I HEART CHIPOTLE and no matter what, I will never STOP going! Try their Chips and Guacamole (their guacamole is FAN-TAB-U-LOUS) and another little secret: IF you're in San Diego, if you show them a College ID, your drink is FREE - not so in  Phoenix, damn you Arizonians (Arizon-inites? Arizo-inians? ... whatever).
3	I like Chipotle but seem to be burrito retarded. Every time I eat there my burrito completely explodes and I'm reduced to dumping it into a bowl and just using a fork.
4	Chipotle!!!! I love you but your empoyees are idiots. I asked them if the oil in the rice was hydrogenated and they told me YESSo after avoiding them for a good 3 months I decided to go inside and ask to see the oil.It is Non Hydrogenated soybean oil, yes it had a few preservatives but no TRANS FATTY OILS!!!!!The Tortilla however does have trans fat :( But Ive been making up for old times, I think Ive had the Veggie bowl like 3 times this week!!!Im outta control, but Ill eat good starting tomorrow ?
4	Well i admit this place is Awesome Love the Damn big azz burritos! Love the Quesadillas with chicken or steak. The soft tacos and crunchy tacos or the best. And the salad, uyyyyy the salad with the sauce is the SHET!!!! love it. Yes the parking lot is small, but its worth the walk from the parking lot across it. The ladies there hook me up , cuz i speako El espanol, LOL Yes I'm Mexican damn it!!!
2	Love Chipotle so much, just NOT this location. Upon moving to this side of town from Tempe I realized that the service and taste was not the same as the Chipotle on Mill and the one at Tempe Market place.  First off the employees here were far less motivated and educated in the product as the students at ASU -_- Sadly I came in an hour before they closed, and to save time and effort they weren't cooking anymore meat.  I only asked for a steak burrito and received a crap-load of rice and beans and two lonely and terrified pieces of steak.  After chuckling  I asked for just a little more. I was told that I was given 4 ounces and that was all I could get without being charged. Sadly I ended up with a huge ass bean and rice burrito and jumped for joy when I reached those two steak chunks.  Each Chipotle has its taste..this location is not for me. If you usually go to this one and you like it...take a much needed trip to the chipotle on mill ave and you will be enlightened on how Chipotle on this side of town should taste!
4	The best Chipotle is located on Detroit Road in Lakewood, OH. Sorry, I know it's a drive, but it's the truth. However, right now this is the closest Chipotle to my place so I'll review it. But this review is for Chipotle as a chain, not this particular location. If I were to review a specific location, I would review the one in Lakewood, OH because it is the best one.Chipotle is really really good. I love the burrito assembly line. I love that they aren't stingy with...anything. At least with me they aren't. I think they may pick up on the subtle "BITCH I WILL CUT YOU" look in my eye if they even hint at putting the spoon down after only one scoop of chicken.  Either way, it's awesome.It's in that weird "fast food atmosphere without fast food pricing" quadrant of the restaurant world, which I normally don't like but with Chipotle it's acceptable because you are getting a burrito the size of a baby for about $7.  Woulda given it 5 stars, but the one in Lakewood, OH is better.
3	I never thought I'd be reviewing many chain restaurants, but this warrants a review.  I've always been pretty happy with Chipotle; you know what you're getting. Granted, the ones in CO give you a free drink with a student ID, and they don't seem to do that in NY, PA or AZ, but the food is always pretty much the same, the cashiers run smoothly, and the lines move quickly.Here? Not so much. We waiting almost 25 minutes standing in line this Sunday, and got maybe half of the food I'm used to getting (I'm a vegetarian; a teaspoon of beans isn't going to give me much protein).  my partners food was the same way, and up and down the line we heard people asking "um, could you give a little more please" or "I'd like a bit more than that, thanks."  Same price, less food = sad Shanna. I'm hoping this was a one time thing....I love their salad and their soft tacos, but it's not worth a line that long.
4	Love the burrito bowls! Everything us made fresh
4	Chipotle is probably my favorite fast foot chain. The food is always high quality even if it's obviously a lot higher in sodium and calories than they'd like to admit. Everything tastes good and fresh. If you go at a busy time, it also feels like the line always moves fast, too. But there's too big things that keep me from giving it five stars. The first was raising their already high prices last year. I don't like that I can buy a Burrito at a sit-down restaurant for nearly the same price. The other is how they charge you for everything. Not only are items like chips and guacamole extra, but they come in huge sizes. If you're going to charge me for a big scoop of guacamole, at least offer me a half size for cheaper.
4	It's Chipotle.... it's like nearly every other Chipotle. Fast, efficient service even if there is a line. I like getting the Carnitas bowl. Yummm.. This location has a nice outdoor patio, which is perfect for enjoying a margarita after work. Staff has always been friendly, and the restaurant has always looked pretty clean.
3	This place is solid...solid...solid...plus its right across the street from my job...the crunchy tacos with chicken, corn salsa, pico de gallo, green salsa, cheese, lettuce and guacamole...yum yum yum...I love their salad dressing so I like to put it on my tacos too!  It is very busy during lunch so expect there to be a line...but do not worry they move quickly and it will not take too long!  They are very friendly there and I cannot complain about a thing...I just cannot say it compares to some of my 4 and 5 star reviews.
4	Love this Chipotle location too!!!  The chicken burrito is great as always.  Love that the food consistency is the same at every store.The place gets packed at 11:30am so get there early for lunch!  The line can go out the door.
2	Chipotle claims they have Gluten Free food. We've had good experience with other locations, but this one is repeatedly clueless when it comes to Gluten Free. Their staff is incompetent when you even say the word Gluten Free because they've never heard of the term or can't understand.  They have lost our frequent business forever. We love their food, but not if I can't get them to prepare it in accordance to what they say they can do.
3	their portions decrease every two years.i don't go to this location anymore because during lunch, it is very busy!i prefer to go to sonora mesquite grill instead!
4	Healthy, yummy, reasonable price. What's not to like. BTW, the margaritas are abfab too. Guacamole is not that watered down stuff, and all of the meats seem to be free of grizzle which requires labor to sort through the good, the bad, & the ugly.We eat out frequently and this place gets a visit from us at least twice a month.
5	Of all the Chipotle's I really like this one.  The staff is exceptionally friendly and I don't think I've ever been in the place, and I've"ve been a lot, where they weren't meticulously cleaning the restaurant with soapy suds.
5	This Chipotle location always has fresh ingredients and a friendly, attentive staff.
4	Chiptole.... enough saidgreat mexican for being americanized chain....massive burrito for $8
4	It's a Chipotle.  That means its consistent, you know what you're getting, and it's always fast.  If you haven't been to one before and you like fresh Mexican-style food, you have to try it.  Choose your ingredients so you get exactly what you want.This location is surrounded by a lot of office buildings so it will be very packed every weekday during the lunch rush.  Show up by 11:45 and you'll be fine, but just after noon there will be a line out the door.  Still, it only takes about ten minutes to get through.  Or order using their iPhone app and you can walk to the front of the line, grab your stuff, and go.
3	I kind of hate this location because it gets packed so early. I love Chipotle but everyone's office, including mine is right by it. I know I should get here by 11:30 or after 1 to avoid a crowd.  Also, I never get water here because it taste disgusting! It's so weird!
5	Having dined here for nearly 6 years ....  Raising my children here every now and again we would feel like regulars.  All excited to say what we wanted, down to how many pieces of rice and beans with half and half chicken/steak on our burrito bowl to share.  Today I went in alone because my children are grown.  It had been at least a year since I was there with my boys and the manager asked how they were doing.  She recognized me!  All those people she sees everyday, and she remembers me and my boys!  That says a bunch about her relationship skills.  My middle son, Justin T. Webb, had passed away when a wreckless driver failed to yield before turning left and I shared that with her after she had asked about them.  She was touched and insisted on buying me my lunch.  As usual, the food is fresh, the chips laced with sea salt and lime, and the interpersonal relationship skills of the female manager here was a "10"!  Thank you for remembering us!Luana Joya Lucia
5	I have to give them a 5 for their Guacamole and chips.I am just in love with it.Everytime I go to the US, I have to go there.Cheap, super tasty and I love the salad bowl option they have (as I cannot eat wheat flour).The meat is always tasty and fresh and again .....their guacamole ....the best !!!!Always clean and fresh with friendly staff.Healthy fast food .....Just wish that we had it in Canada !!
1	What a disappoinment. I eat chipotle at least 5 days out of the week. Its healthy and delicious. I live in Old town Scottsdale so the location on Scottsdale road is where i always go. But, tonight i happened to be coming back from a friends house closer to this one. Since it was on the way i decided to stop here instead of waiting to be closer to home. MISTAKE. The woman who kept bouncing between the cashier and the food line was rude (btw, clearly the cashier girl didnt know what she was doing..but we'll get to that later). I asked her for a vegetarian salad with the rice on the side...she put it in a portion cup and i told her i was sorry and i prefer it to be placed in a bowl instead ( i hate the rice all smashed) she proceeded to tell me it was an extra charge. (So to have my rice on the side costs more?! I told her the chipotle by my home never charged me and she said theres nothing she can do. Wow, great customer service. Then i ordered chips and salsa and was charged again for an extra.salsa. it took  while for the cashier girl to even get my order rung up correctly. For someone who eats chipotle sooo much,  you will NEVER see me again at this location. Rude.rude.rude.
4	I used my android apparently and my food was ready before I was. The service was fast and friendly.
5	This loc is so quick and efficient with pickup. Love the convenience of online-ordering. Veggie fajita bowl rocks...and just found out they'll use unsalted rice on request!
4	The restuarant was moderately busy when I first got there.   I did have to wait in line for five minutes before making it to the staging area.   They were out of chicken and it would be two minutes turned into about five.  I turned back and the line was now out to the door......   The manager was nice he comped my meal for the long wait I had to wait.....
2	to be fair... I love the food...it was the service. Well, it was fast, but the girl was rude and kept rushing me ( THERE was nobody behind me) My hubby and I were ordering take out. I knew what my daughter and her boyfriend wanted and I was trying to place their order. "Miss Rude" evidently didn't want to take the order separately- she wanted to take  4 orders ALL AT ONCE and shovel the food in as quickly and as messy as she possible could. When I told her I wasn;t ready to order - that I wanted to look at the menu - she gave me an attitude, and said she wanted to do them all together. My hubby steps up and makes his order she rolls her eyes at me and after  the third time I told her I was still deciding she gave me more attitude. To be fair, I can see her being impatient IF there was a line behind me. There was not. And ----- the  other three orders together  took all of 45 seconds- yes that fast) About his time I had it with her bitchiness and said  (politely) that she's wasting time waiting on me when she can finish the other three orders ( more attitude from  worker with big spoon). The food was 'slopped' in the the  to go bowls. She needs, in my opinion, a refresher course in how to deal with customers. I was not rude, I could've been, but she was rude enough for both. I was hoping there was an email address to this particular Chipotle's here(on Yelp)  to send to the manager but I don;t see one. Chipotle is a great place to eat.. they just need to remember that whom they hire in the front line representstheir company. They don't need and shouldn't ever have someone so rude up front.
5	I love chipotle, so good. Sometimes the line is long, around lunch and dinner time. If you've had this place before you would understand why. It's a little expensive but it really good. I just wish they would dive you a little more meat.
4	I have been eating at this location for many years and the service is still good and food is rightly cooked.
4	Great option for healthy-ish quick Mexican food. I usually get chicken but tonight I got steak and it was really fatty/chewy. Very disappointing and I will try it again and update review.
3	This place is always busy, and mistakes are made with otherwise simple menu items.
4	I normally avoid chain restaruants.  I'm just not a fan.  But chipotle is good and GMO concious.
4	I love that every time I walk in to a Chipotle, no matter how many people are in line I still walk out within 5 mins. Their veggie bowl with brown rice, fajita style onions with bell peppers, black beans (the refried beans have bacon), corn, salsa, hot sauce, sour cream, guacamole, all topped with lettuce is ALWAYS on point. The staff is friendly and attentive. I love coming here.
5	I really like this Chipotle location over others. I ordered on-line for pick up and arrived early. The ordered wasn't ready (not their fault) and they offered me a complimentary drink while I wait. To me, thats over and above. The place was packed and they still had my order ready in about 5 minutes. I expected to wait at least 15 minutes.The cashier was very genuinely friendly and professional.I ordered the steak burro with black beans, rice, sour cream, corn salsa, and lettuce. It was so fresh and satisfying with just the right amount of spice. So, so, good.Glad to have you in the neighborhood Chipotle!
5	I enjoy coming to this location because it is never super busy and the customer service is great. The staff is very friendly and the food is terrific Since the temperatures are semi-dropping, I do like that they have an outdoor patio because it's great to enjoy the evening weather...The bathrooms are always clean
5	By the far the most friendly chipotle I've been too! Everyone was more than helpful not to mention the food was amazing and fresh!
5	We go here all the time and I love the food I have tasted everything on the menu it's one of my favorite places!!!
5	The service is friendly and fast! The food is fresh and perfectly seasoned and cooked! What's not to love? Busiest time is from 12-1 and 6-7
2	As soon as I walked into this chipotle I was greeted by a line that was almost out of the door. The staff was working very hard to take orders and cook the food and the line went much faster than I thought it would, no complaints there. The issue tonight was a matter of health. Simply put, the steak in my burrito bowl was  grossly undercooked. So undercooked that the meat was actually cold. I get it, it's busy so the food is being rushed but there is no excuse for this egregious error. Usually this type of transgression would get an automatic one star as my health was potentially compromised but I bumped them a star because the staff quickly made me another bowl and because they did such a good job handling the large crowd.This better be an isolated occurrence because next time I'll have to report them to the state
2	The salad at Chipotle is something that I crave often, and the salad dressing is amazing.  However, if you go to this location you will probably not get salad dressing-because they will be out and they do not want to take the time to make more.  Also, don't expect a lot of lettuce in your salad. At this location they are often either out of lettuce or getting so low they do not want to give you too much or they may have to go get more from the back.  This is the closest location to my house, so I went back tonight after staying away for a few months.  I ordered two salads and had to ask three times for more lettuce.  Then after my order was pushed down to the next person, they told me I had to wait while the filled all the other condiments in their area-there was no one behind me so I am not sure what the rush to fill all of those was about.  Then I get to the end to pay and ask for the salad dressing that they were supposed to give me at the beginning of the line.  They only had one salad dressing left.  I was told it would take a LONG time to make more, but they did not even offer to make it if I was willing to wait.  The cashier seemed incredulous that I only wanted to take one of the salads since there was only one salad dressing. Apparently I look like the type who is so healthy that I eat salad without dressing-not.  It isn't like there are any other options for dressing-they only have the one kind.  So I left with one salad for my daughter, and I went and gave another establishment my business.
3	I'm only giving this three stars because I love Chipotle food. Delicious cilantro-lime rice and perfectly season steak keep me coming back. This review is solely based on the customer service of this location. I work right down the street, so this is a very convenient lunch stop for me. The time to get my burrito isn't what bothers me. I know if I go there during lunch I'm going to have to wait in a line, that's no problem. What I hate is being rushed through the process of making my burrito. I only get three ingredients, so you think it would be hard to mess that up. They've ripped the tortilla before and expected me to be happy with them just wrapping another tortilla around it. One time the employee put sour cream on when I clearly didn't ask for it and asked if I would "just eat it?" Not to mention the inconsistency. Even if I get less ingredients then my boyfriend my burrito shouldn't be literally half the size of his. We're paying the same amount, so I want a size-able burrito! I've worked in food service before. I know lunch rushes suck, but when the quality starts slipping you need to take a deep breath and remember you're getting paid to make the burrito I'm paying almost eight dollars for. I shouldn't be able to tell that you hate your job. It hasn't always been like this. There was some new employees hired a couple months ago, and I gave them a break. But it's been a few months and it's time to meet the standards that Chipotle has set for itself. I avoid this location like the plague.
1	I am an avid Chiptole fan, but never have I had as terrible service as I did today at this location. I used the online ordering method to order my food for my lunch. My email confirmation said that my food would be ready at 2:45. We arrived at 2:45 on the dot, ready to pick up our food. Upon telling the cashier that we ordered online, she argued with me saying there was no online order in her system. I then told her I had an email confirmation. She then "went to the back" and appeared with none other than my order sheet that had not been fulfilled. She then handed it to the person at the beginning of the assembly line to start making it and asked me if I was ready to pay, after I had already told her I had paid for it online. The person making our order made the first thing wrong and we asked him to correct it, that was actually the least of my concerns, that happens, I get that. So then we just asked him if it would be easier for us to just tell him what we ordered. They then went through the line to make our order but for some reason were moving at the slowest pace I have ever seen at any Chiptole location, there was no sense of urgency and I had placed my order over a half hour before arriving, mind you, there was no line, which is rare for any Chiptole, so it really made no sense that our service was this poor. We asked the girl at the cashier what we could do differently so that this wouldn't happen again and her response was that sometimes their system doesn't link up to whatever system is in the back and that was why our order wasn't ready. We left at 3:07. So an order I placed at 2:20, was supposed to be ready at 2:45, and we left at 3:07. That is 22 minutes for an order that was placed online. I will not be going to that Chiptole ever again. And will defintely think twice before ordering online with you guys, very disappointing. :(
3	This place is generally pretty good, however,  lately their employees are not very friendly. They are rush you, and always act like they are going out of their way to get your food. (News flash I think it is your job) You have to continue to repeat yourself, and they never tell you they are out of something before you order half your food. If I knew you were out of guacamole I wouldn't have ordered. Then they give you an attitude when you want to wait for them to make something they are out of. I am not sure if they are under new management. But this location has changed quite a bit, and not for the better.
2	My wife and I, who are vegetarians, ordered a couple tofu burritos and we each found a chuck of meat in ours.  Additionally, the staff misplaced our take-out ticket so it wasn't ready when we arrived and once it was made, they forgot an ingredient.  I would give this place one-star, but when we called the manager, he was very kind and offered a free meal.  Because of him, I'll give it another try, and I may potentially update this review.
2	This location is not as stellar as others. They usually have a bit of a wait and the regular employees do not seem thrilled to be there. The food is fine but the customer service alone makes it a chore to stop by.
1	My husband and I are avid Chipotle fans... usually the service at most locations is good, sometimes great. THIS location on the other hand is TERRIBLE. I could write a book on the many occasions we have experienced atrocious customer service. I hope the owner of this location wises up and reads the reviews. A change in staff is necessary!! Food is still good, but if you're looking for good service.. Spend your money elsewhere.
4	Normally I love chipotle and I would rate it 5 stars. The ingredients are scrumptious and the experience is sublime. However, at this restaurant not all of the staff was on their game. Specifically the beef I had was with the person rolling the burritos. She rolled them so poorly that the tortilla ripped in multiple, rendering the functionality of the burrito useless. It not only happened to me, but my friend as well. It was a sad day. Still, the burrito fillings were delicious - deserving of 4 stars.
5	Gotta give a shout out to my favorite restaurant! Love the staff at this location. One time I was eating a particularly good burrito bowl, and the manager came by my table and asked me about my dining experience--nice touch.
2	Two stars because the food is still good, but anyways I have been to this chipotle many times and it's a 50-50 thing but their customer service is the worst out of any chipotle I've been to in phoenix. I honestly waited 10 minutes from the time the lady started my burrito to the time I checked out. Total b.s. Then the lady who was on the register proceeded to charge me 9.75 for a chicken burrito where most chipotles only charge 7.00 for the same thing and she didn't even apologize or even look at me for making me and 10 other people wait for 10 minutes to be helped. Oh yeah, they were making food for themselves too and putting it in front of the customers food. Great job on employee training. Total joke.
1	I am one of Chipotle's biggest customers and probably average about 2-3 visits per week.  I am usually impressed with their service and speed, but this particular Chipotle is the worst that I have ever been to and its unfortunately the closest to my house.  Their lines take forever, their employees are rude, they can never keep the food line stocked....I could go on and on.  I will drive out of my way just to not have to purchase from this store.  I have complained to Chipotle corporate about this store, however they seem to not yet have it figured out.  It needs new management.
4	The food was good.  I had the salad with chicken; black beans and salsa.  Good service. I arrived before the the long line.   I would go back.
5	First time at this Chipotle. After reading so many Yelp reviews about the long line, I decided to order ahead online. Thank you Yelpers, great advice. Parking was tricky. Had to park at the bank but not a long walk. As I walked in, I bumped into the back of the line. There were seriously about 30-35 in line. I was afraid, after reading a couple of reviews, that my order wouldn't be ready but, lo, there it was, all bagged up. I ordered a barbacoa bowl with guacamole and extra cheese. My coworker had ordered a chicken bowl and a side of chips. It worked to about $9 each. Sounds steep but the portions are big. Really big. My bowl was full of meat, guacamole and cheese even though I asked for no lettuce. The meat was hot, juicy, seasoned well and held good flavor. I recommend this location to anyone BUT, order ahead. They opened at 11, I got there at 11:15 and it was packed!
1	This location sucks. Didn't know you could desecrate chipotles perfection but you can. They run out of super basic things every time I'm there and just expect you to deal with it not even try to provide more or hustle. Last time I came in at a very normal dinner hour and they ran out of steak and the employee said to just order something else? Da fuq? They run out of chips ON THE REG which I didn't know was possible. There will be 6 or more employees standing around doing nothing. Also the employees are pretty sassy 85 percent of the time (eye rolls etc). Like I get it, customer service is rough at times but chill out.
1	Yesterday, not only did I receive the slowest service I've ever had at a Chipotle but one of the staff members, April, was extremely rude...she gets paid to take orders not the other way around
2	I eat at chipotle 2-3 times a week. This is definitely the worst I've ever been to. The place was filthy and the staff was horrible.
1	I will never come to this chipotle again.I had to watch 3 employees blow a condom up like a balloon, play with it like 13 year olds and then pop it making a loud bang so everyone could hear. Oh and the salsa looked and tasted old.What does the manager do? Goes up and gives then a little pat on the back and say "don't do it again". He walked away laughing with employees. Any decent manager would of fired this employee on the spot.It was disgusting. My Gf is writing to their corporate. N
1	Just moved back to this area and as a regular at Chipotle I may just quit going to any Chipotle after coming to this location. I gave it 4 tries, the rice is always dry, the portions served are tiny, the employee attitudes are the WORST and it's the slowest service I've ever seen. All 4 times. Horrible.
4	Awesome in one word! I wanted a taco salad and that's what I got! I asked for steak and really couldn't get anything else due to food restrictions so asked for a lil extra steak and he gave me some. The line was insanely long but it was so quick! I think I was there for only about 5 minutes before I got to the front. When I got to the front it wasn't like they were over worked all had a great face on and were all about helping out! Great job!
1	This is the worst Chipotle location I've ever been to. They don't hold up to the standards set by Chipotle at all.  -People here move at a snail's pace. Im not saying they need to rush, but the way everything is set up should make for a smooth and quick experience.- If you tell them what you want they can only remember one thing you said. Example: "Pico and hot salsa." Then they just put Pico on and look at you. "Sour cream, cheese, and lettuce." Puts spur cream on and just looks at you. - Ordered tacos to go, when I get home with them, 5 minutes later, I have a pile of sour cream all over my "tacos" which now resemble a casserole of some sort. I can't even figure out where one taco begins or ends. So appetizing for $8. If I wanted crap I would go to Taco Bell. At least there a taco still looks like a taco and they keep the contents inside the tortilla.
1	This place is a joke. The employees are slow as can be, they f*ck the portions up, they look at you like you're an idiot when you are ordering. I wouldn't give this place another shot unless someone else was paying for it. I feel this place should be shut down and a Filibertos or something of that nature should open up in its place. Hell I will just go to the Taco Bell that's in the same parking lot. The one star is because they had air conditioning.Manager should be fired.
