5	Edinburgh Waverley station is one of the UK's largest stations, and the terminus for a wide range of services, including most of the expresses up the East Coast Main Line from London. At 25 acres, it is second in size only to Waterloo, and, with over 14.5 million passengers a year, the fifth busiest outside London. The first station on the site was that of the North British Railway, in 1846. The Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway opened Edinburgh General station on an adjacent site the same year, and in 1847 the Edinburgh, Leith and Granton Railway opened a station to the north, but at a right angle at Canal Street. Waverley Station was formed by the union of the first two stations in 1854, and was completely rebuilt between 1892 and 1900. Canal Street closed in the 1860s. Sitting in a prime position in a cutting between the old and new towns of Edinburgh, its main feature is its huge glass ridge and furrow roof, which is 375ft wide and 1240ft long and was designed by engineers, Blyth and Westland and completed in 1900. Although it doesn't have a facade as such, the ticket hall, with its circular dome is its defining interior feature. Alas, the effect is currently somewhat spoiled by the insertion of a Costa Coffee pagoda underneath the dome, and the incursion of tables for cafes in the space itself: as well as detracting from the architecture, it makes circulation less easy. Still, any traveller should make the effort to take a look. On the New Town side, the bulk of the 5-star North British Hotel defines the entrance to the station - designed by the architects Hamilton and George Beattie and completed in 1902, it is a familiar sight to travellers to the capital. The design is essentially classical, with pedimented windows on all sides, with Jacobean detailing in the form of gable-level turrets. The principal feature is its bulky clock tower (said to be set two minutes fast to help people catch their trains), which is a landmark at this end of Princes Street. It is now owned by the Forte Group. The station has 20 platforms, although some of these are formed by splitting one platforms face into two by means of crossovers half way along. The essential design is of one very large island platform, with some additional through roads and a series of bays at the Glasgow end. The station has all the facilities you'd expect for one of its size. Accessibility remains a problems, however: only the Waverley Bridge (North and South) entrances have step-free access, although the ramps are long and quite steep. Some platforms can currently be reached only by stair climber (although they will replatform some trains if they know a wheelchair user wishes to board or alight). Travellers needing assistance, and wheelchair users in particular, should therefore contact their rail company before travelling. Dedicated staff are available for helping passengers with disabilities. Network Rail has a refurbishment programme under way to improve access. Services run to almost every part of Scotland except the West Coast lines, and there are through trains to most major cities in England (there are none direct to Wales). There is a 15 minute interval service to Glasgow Queen Street, and hourly or half hourly trains to London King's Cross.
4	This is a great place for trains in and out the city.Usually the trains are all on time.If you turn up early there is a bar and a burgerking to keep you satisfied.There are plenty of screens around to keep you updated on train times.
4	As the main railway station in Edinburgh located slap bang in the city centre, Waverley Station is pretty big. It is also another example of Edinburgh's fine architecture. The station will send you off in multiple directions around the rest of Scotland and England, so you can pretty much go anywhere from the UK here. With huge departure boards and plenty of signage you are always pointed in the right direction and should make your train on time. Providing you get your ticket at one of the ticket machines before heading to the platform as sometimes on busy trains there can be a queue to buy tickets from the man and his machine. In the station there is an overprices WH Smith, a reasonable Boots which is handy for picking up a meal deal, a Marks and Spencers Food Hall for the poshest amongst us, Costa Coffee and a stupendously overpriced corner shop. There is also a few food outlets such as Upper Crust and Bagel Factory to get your carb intake. If I'm waiting for a train I usually head to the Cafe Nero because you can get a seat in a quiet, warm cafe overlooking one of the platforms. The rest of the station can get pretty damn freezing and busy. Plenty of staff around if you need help as well as the occasional policeman. One time they had a police sniffer dog sniffing around the station and it drooled in my lap. Lovely.
4	I never thought I'd see the day where I'd actually like anything to do with public transport. But they do say there's an exception to every rule, and Waverley is just that.It's clean, for starters, and not in the dodgiest part of the city centre possible, like in so many other cities. And the shops inside are surprisingly good, too. Maybe they ran out of space on Princes street and had to overspill into here? Whatever the reason, there's an M&S Simply Food, a well-stocked Boots, a W H Smith and a pub as well as more food places than is really necessary.My one complaint? It's always freezing! And the lack of bins. Yes, I know, people could hide bombs in them etc etc but I always feel really bad just leaving my empty Costa Coffee cup on the seat, even though they do have very efficient cleaning staff who pick it all up.There's a taxi rank just inside it, which is always a bonus, and there are always loads of taxis available. If you're getting a but from the station though, make sure you've packed your gym gear as you have to lug yourself and your case up Waverley Steps to get onto Princes Street.
5	I have decided to write a review on Waverly Trainstation because on TV, I have just heard an interesting fact about it - it apparantly is named after Sir Walter Scott's main character of the same name in his novels. Neat huh?Anyway, Waverly is a cracking train station - its clean, open, well designed, nicely laid out and most importantly aways busy. There are loads of helpful staff etc, as well as a large selection of shops to keep you going if you end up staying here a bit longer.It wouldnt be an understatement to say I love this place - when I return to Edinburgh, I always have a shiver down my spine as I enter Waverly. It's magical. What a great station.
4	Waverly is one of my favourite train stations ever. It's a bit weird to have a list of favourite train stations - I get that - but I've had to be in a fair few in my time for various reasons. Waverly is always really well looked after, really easy to navigate around and there are staff readily available to help.One thing I always appreciate in Waverly is the presence of 2 police officers. Yeah, we've all been on the train with a drunken group of lads or whatever, so it's really comforting to see that the streets remain safe.It can be  a bit awkward to find which platform you are meant to be on - particularly if you're going north, but if you leave plenty time then it's fine and dandy. It's really good that there is more than 1 exit too. There's nothing more annoying than having to take the long way to get somewhere that would take a few seconds if there was only a door! Alas, in Waverly there is just that!! There are 3 main exits - one onto MArket Street, one onto North Bridge and one onto Princes Street. Perfect!
4	Whilst Waverley doesn't provide me with the same levels of unabashed ecstasy as it does Jonathan, I will say that it's a well appointed station with plenty of shops and eateries to while away the time while you wait for your filthy, expensive and incredibly late train. I'm not sure why everyone seems to think it's huge and impressive. Edinburgh does have it's share of landmarks which have both of these traits, but this is neither. It's actually quite annoying to get around at times, as the platforms are scattered around various far-flung nooks and crannies of the station, and most are numbered seemingly at random. The staff are the usual Scotrail pondlife as well, so if you're a pensioner and would like help with your bags, expect a swift middle finger and a "that's not in my job description" retort. Great shops though, with an M&S, a Boots, a well stocked but eye-wateringly expensive WH Smith and various food stalls. You won't get bored in here whilst waiting for your train, which is good news as it will almost certainly be cancelled.
4	Maybe it's because I don't stay in Edinburgh, but I don't get the same sense of excitement when I'm in this train station. I do, however, like pulling in here - there is something quite exciting chugging past the foot of the castle, and I've done it so many times! So I can't imagine how exciting it must be for tourists!Waverley is always kept clean and the staff are always at hand to help you out with your problems. Luckily I've seldom had any bother, but the times where there have been ticket mix ups the staff have been pretty efficient. There's a fair few amenities to keep you amused, from a Marks and Spencer to a bar and Burger King! But as far as train station architecture goes, I find Waverley a bit compressed! It was built under those circumstances so I understand the Victorians couldn't make it too tall or grand, but it's not as much of a spectable as some other train stations in Britain are. Although it does have a nice glass dome if it's viewed from one of the neighbouring bridges.When all is said and done, you don't go to a train station to get caught up in the romance - you're there to go places. So even though my heart belong to Central staiton in Glasgow for the dramatic farewells and such (sorry, guys!) I do appreciaite that my train has never been late since I've been in Waverley, and the staff are really helpful if you get confused with the platform layout.
4	Edinburgh Waverley is easily the cities largest and most widely used train station.  It's situated beneath South Bridge and offers access onto the bridge itself and Princes Street.  It's designed such that none of the platforms are too far away from each other and, therefore, you don't spend forever wandering around around in search of elusive trains.  Further, there are plenty of cash points, the platforms are well signposted and the big screens give accurate and detailed information about departures and arrivals of trains.If I have one criticism it is that the queue for assistants to get tickets can take a tediously long time despite there being plenty of staff seemingly just hanging around behind the desk.  There are, however, plenty of ticket machines which help to take the strain off these queues.  Waverley can definitely be recommended as an efficient and pleasant station from which to begin or end a journey.
3	Regardless of the haphazard design and cheap corrugated roofing, Waverley still manages to hold some charm as far as train stations go.It's light and airy, has all the necessary amenities to compliment the journey that lies ahead. You'll likely see some cracking views of Edinburgh castle on your way in but otherwise the train station itself is nothing special to behold.
3	For someone who's never been to Edinburgh before, I found Waverley to be a little bit overwhelming. Platforms here and there, exits all over the place, lots of noise and taxi stands, it was hard to determine which way was up. Possibly because the station is a bit below the usual ground level, so there weren't many visual cues of where things were.Once I got my bearings, I was able to see that this is an excellent station and serves Edinburgh well. Loads of quick grab-able food choices including the usual Delice de France, Burger King, etc. My own pet peeve - seats for waiting - is not a major issue here. There were plenty of places to wait semi-comfortably.All I can say is, thank goodness for my iPhone 3GS with it's compass feature. I might still be wandering around the station!
3	When I first visited Edinburgh I took the midnight train up and the midnight train back so that I didn't have to stay the night.  The only problem with this was that the month was February and that meant that I would be waiting for the train at Waverley station in the cold winter.  If it is cold then the very last place you want to be is Waverley train station because there is no warm room to wait in; it's in the cold you will be waiting and no where can that cold be escaped.   In short, if you are going to be waiting here in the colder months, especially at night then prepare yourself for a decent wait in some very cold conditions.Despite this it is a first class station and there is plenty to eat, a bar to sit in that is marginally warmer than the rest of the station and you never have any trouble with getting tickets or finding out information, in that respect it is a very good station.
4	Waverley is Edinburgh's main station, and if you're getting the train into Edinburgh from further afield this will likely be your destination. It is second biggest station in Scotland, only behind Glasgow Central. Named after Sir Walter Scott's series of books, Waverly is a Victorian railway station built as a central station for Edinburgh after the removal of three smaller ones in the 19th century. It is largely responsible the construction of the now named, and equally famous, Balmoral hotel which is located right by it.The station has a slightly grimy but Victorian charm about it and I really wouldn't want it any other way. The shops inside cater for most travel needs: a newsagent, a chemist, some places to eat. Unfortunately these are all now chain stores, which takes some of the magic away.There are always taxis abound, and a regular bus service outside to all parts of the city as well as an airport link bus. Some of the city bus tours also leave from outside Waverley.
5	Built in 1868, Waverley is one of the UK's oldest and biggest train stations. Located between Edinburgh's Old Town and New Town, it's a mammoth Victorian building that features hundreds of iron pillars, a glass dome ceiling and never ending platforms. Whilst the station can feel like an Arctic tunnel in Autumn and Winter, it's location is perfect. Situated underneath the historic South Bridge, its literally a few minutes walk from wonderful landmarks like Princes Street Gardens, the National Gallery and The Mount. Just remember to wrap up warm if you're visiting out of season!
4	Waverley train station is always busy with activity. Thousands of people buzz about the station each day, catching trains, walking speedily to work or just coming over to Edinburgh for a day of shopping. It certainly is a main hub of activity.Within the station, Waverley has a number of shops and places to eat. I normally pop into WHSmith's and always complain afterwards that it is too expensive! There is also a Boots, a Burger King, a Marks and Spencer food hall and a number of coffee places. Apart from people buzzing around the station is also home to a number of pigeons who seem to be just as busy as the people running around the station.In recent years the station has improved and there are more plans to improve the station by replacing the roof. Waverley is a great station, sometimes too busy in my opinion, but its one of a kind!
4	I've been at this station so many times I'm a little surprised I've never taken the train to or from Waverley! Train-travel has been the transport of choice for most of my friends who've come to visit, and I've been pretty impressed the station.From a visitor's standpoint, it's bright and CLEAN enough. This has been my main issue at other train stations, and if you to ever take a trip to the Glasgow station you'll see Waverley's being treated a little better. There're several places to grab a bite, and I've spent a little too much time in the Burger King for someone who wasn't actually going anywhere. If you're averse to the fast food, there's a Costa amongst the other options.The best thing about Waverley has to be it's proximity to the city centre, as it's basically smack bang in middle of town. Once you step out you're literally on Princes Street, and if you're that much of a shoppaholic, you can start directly at the nearby Princes Street Mall.
4	Waverley Train Station is one of two places you can leave Edinburgh by train from. I don't think there's anything particularly amazing about it, apart from that it's underground. I mean, it doesn't look particularly fantastic from the outside, neither does it from the inside, but it's kinda cool how the trains run underneath the National Museums on the Mound. I mean, it's got nothing on train stations in London or Paris and is actually way more boring than Glasgow's trainstations, but it's decent and there are plenty of places to eat. Like any great trainstation, they have an M&S, where I always look forward to stocking up on 2 for 3.50 salads.
4	Waverley is exactly what you'd expect from a city's major train station but it does do it well. The station itself is huge, with about 20 platforms in total, some of them well hidden. It connects Edinburgh with most other major northern cities, and some southern ones as well and of course London. The building is fully open on almost two sides, meaning it is bloody freezing in winter, but doesn't have that skanky station smell you get in so many other places.The trains have all been pretty much on time when I've been there, which I know is not the responsibility of the station but does make a better experience. There all all the local amenities you could need - toilets, a Marks and Sparks, Burger King and of course bring Scotland, a pub. The ticket office is a bit of a pain though, as you often have to wait quite a while to be served, even if there are spare staff they just mill about. Apart from that though it is a pretty good service to have
4	I come through Waverley Station quite a lot, as most of my family live in London, I am always coming back and forth and as such I have become quite familiar with the station. There are currently works undergoing at the station, to make it look part of the 21st century, which is good as from the outside it does look a bit ugly.The best thing about the station is it's location, directly on Princes Street, right in the heart of the station and within direct reach of other transport services with a taxi rank, airport buses and general bus services just outside. There are a fair amount of shops and places to pick up some food or something to read for your journey, but seeing as Princes Street is just up the Waverley steps, it would make sense to go there to get some food and drinks instead of paying much higher prices in the station. However, many people don't actually leave themselves enough time to do so, myself included, and if this happens I tend to go to Upper Crust, which has a good range of snacks.
4	Writing a review of the major train station? Why not. These sort of places often get over-looked as 'background' but having done a fair bit of travel-by-train across the UK, the better stations should get their pride of place.This is a fairly big station, its a bit of a labyrinth too, but its got a good selection of shops - especially the M & S Simply Food. It used to irk me oft-times that Queen Street Station in Glasgow didn't have a supermarket, and the one in Central Station Glasgow was small. You could easily do your evening dinner, breakfast and lunch shopping here if getting the last train in.There's a Burger King, Costa, Cafe Nero Boots, Upper Crust, W H Smith, umm what else. Basically a lot of wee places to get a coffee or lunch or snacks for a long train journey. There's also plenty room on the central promenade for all to creak their neck upwards and look at the train times without too much of a squash when the platform is finally called.A note though: they're currently renovating the staircase onto Princes Street which is a bit of a nuisance. Fastest way to that side of the town would be up the ramp and turn right on the bridge.Also check out the indoor part of the station, where Costa and the toilets are. It's particularly pretty with the old-fashioned architecture and decoration. Travelling isn't my most enjoyable pastime but going to Edinburgh Waverly is never too stressful or feared.
4	Dunno what can really be said about this place.It's a train station. Trains come and go from here. Sometimes they even come and go on time.If you find yourself waiting for a train, you can grab a coffee or a bite to eat at any one of the four or five places that sell food. The choice might be small, but budget better not be if you intend on dining.As far as train stations go, it's really just par for the course.
3	Reasonable selection of shops and it's kept clean.  We had a bit of a challenge with navigation, but it was otherwise good.  Don't take the Calton Rd. (east) exit -- some sketchy characters hang around there.
3	When walking through Waverley Station, you are presented with another place that makes you think JK Rowling totally nicked their wacky concept of a train station for Harry Potter. If there is a corner untouched, you'll probably find another platform launched into it. There are platforms that start halfway down other platforms. There are platforms within platforms. With all of the construction work currently underway to improve the station, the labyrinthine properties of Waverley get even more confusing. I am pretty sure that the numbering sequence took place while the number manager (OK I made that one up, can you tell?) was high on mushrooms. It feels like a lifetime walking from one part to another, but as I learned recently, those lifetimes tend to take under a minute, it just feels longer. There definitely feels like there is a drive to modernise this station, but there are curious anachronisms in this intent. Every platform has a gaggle of inspectors - even at the automated gates, you can avoid mixing with technology and have your ticket checked (for the gazillionth time) by a human being. Whereas in London, where it's a 'no ticket no travel' ethos, Edinburgh gives you a break, and allows you to purchase a ticket at any point on your trip. I like that. *CUE WHINGE*Platform announcements for changes are announced not by tannoy, but by an inspector charging up and down the platform. It sometimes feels a little bit risky clambering on a train - not 100% knowing if the train is going to be the right one, or actually leave (I have been stuck on a train for 20mins at Waverley, with no explanation as to why we hadn't moved). So, in (brief) conclusion, Waverley seriously flags when it comes to keeping the customer informed as to train changes or delays.*CUE FLASHBACK*I remember as a kid, driving into the warm, fume-filled belly of Edinburgh, when the train entrance and exit were available to public traffic, picking up my grandmother from another long trip from the South. Walking through the centre of the station, these memories continue to flood back, every day. The Victorian design ethics still remain in the core of station, and so far it is hard to tell how well the two concepts (modern, glass and steel vs. wrought iron and stone) will mix together, until all the construction goes it's merry way. But it means that Waverley Station still looks like the exciting place of my childhood, where, as we sank into the bottom of the old loch, I would watch the sky disappear and descend into a world completely unfamiliar to me, but knowing the excitement of meeting someone long missed. It's still a place that holds a certain sense of wonder for me.
3	Holy confusing layout batman!Call me Glaswegian and logical, but I like my platforms to be fairly obviously placed and not include 'East' and 'West' options. Despite this annoying wee thang, I do always find myself quite liking this station. Whether it's the 'entrance through a tunnel, down a slope, via the waterfall and first left after the portal of Eldar The Brave' that gets my vote or the cool wee retail area with the lovely decor, there's just something that makes it exciting to be there. Anywho. It's a train station. You go there to get a train to somewhere you are not already in. It has platforms, people who work in it and most important of all, trains. In short: Boo to the platforms, yay to the other things. Indeed.
2	Couldn't say it better than my Glasweigan counterpart, Chris D. Confusing layout indeed. Waverley Train station, even at the best of times, is a bit confusing to get around; and into...and out of. There isn't one obvious entrance, although if there was it would probably be the long ramp that the cars go into. But at the moment, with all the building work on it, getting in and out of the entrance onto the side with the Fruitmarket Gallery, Market Street and stairs to the Royal Mile is ridonkulous. This is the entrance I always enter if coming from home, and usually it's 'in, turn left, go along long tunnel, go down stairs, go round corner' and I'm at the open concourse.Currently, they've created a makeshift route and have diverted the original path along a different route. I pride myself on a good sense of direction, but it's like frickin' labyrinth. Seriously guys, it's one entrance that should take you to one open concourse with stairways going down to platforms. Instead it feels like every side-stairway COULD be the stairway you're meant to take, but then it isn't, but the one you DO take isn't that obvious.So now it's enter, turn left, go down small stairs, ignore first set of stairs on left, ignore second set on right, turn a corner, keep going, turn another corner, go to end of corridor, ignore scaffolding, go left, left again and then down the OTHER stairs you used to take before they blocked of Princes Street entrance except now that entrance is open again in case you didn't get the memo.But, as the final cherry on the cake, don't forget the very purpose of this building and why people enter. To catch a train. What is it with going for the train that means people usually leave minus two minutes to get it on time, without having to run down the platform? Yes, people are often late and yes they are panicked and snappy and pushy and suddenly forget all their manners. Survival of the fittest, Darwin's evolution in its finest form -catching the London train from platform 1.WHERE THE FRICK IS PLATFORM 1?!Once you've gotten through the aforementioned temporary labyrinth (which I get the feeling is like the Cube in Cube, that may change day-on-day but it looks the same so you'll never know...) some platforms are over or under or around a bridge that get to from the main concourse.Yes, it is charming at the best of times and it probably inspired J K Rowling to write Harry Potter with the platform X and 3/4 and if you know your way around it, it can provide amusing people watching when you see new-comers and tourists look slightly perplexed.But until all the 'improvements' and building works are done it's only going to be a constant source of frustration for EVERYONE. Add this onto the fact that Princes Street is a disaster due to the new-mode-of-transport-that-will-not-be-named-but-cost-us-a-billion-pounds and it makes for very unhappy commuters.Phew. Rant over.
3	"The Waverley" will be a really nice train station when they finish rebuilding it. In the meantime it has all the charisma of a demolition site.
2	Phew what a rabbit warren this place has turned in to! What was once an easy to navigate station has now turned in to a nightmarish hub of trains thanks to ongoing renovations. I no longer know where half the platforms are anymore or why I am being diverted across this bridge...where am I going?? HELP I'M LOST! Things are going to get worse soon, the taxi's wont be able to drive right in to the station anymore and CHAOS WILL REIGN! Please please, Waverley, wont you put some damn signs up lest I be left to wonder aimlessly around the building praying for an exit?? Maybe I'll just have to LIVE here like that crazy Tom Hanks movie where he lived in an airport.
3	I thoroughly enjoyed my first trip to Edinburgh, arriving from London via train. Waverly Station is one of the largest train stations in Scotland and I tried to absorb as much possible when passing through and later waiting for my departure. Having spent a great deal of time in Japan, I have come to appreciate the culture of the train station so it was interesting to see some of these major European stations.Nothing about this station blew me away, but it was nice. Certainly Edinburgh is a magnificent city and Im glad I chose to take the train there. The rough part was that it took 5 hours via train and there was another hour delay on the tracks (of course, trains in Japan are far less bumpy, so I wasnt accustomed to that). But the station itself is conveniently located right in the heart of the city, walking distance from just about anything you want to see. There are no shortage of nearby shopping or dining options as well. Inside the station there are convenience stores and food stalls, as well. I sampled a pasty with corned beef which was satisfying on a chilly day.The layout of the station is a bit confusing if you have never been there before, but arriving early enough should give you time to find your way around. It seems pretty lively there as well and got a little cramped with few places to sit--keep that in mind. One additional thing I want to mention is that they seemed to have some event where a beverage company set up a bar and was offering free drinks. Im not sure if little promotions are common, but I thought it was interesting.Pros: Right in the heart of Edinburgh--near everything, variety of things to eat nearbyCons: A bit confusing layout at first, lack of seating, could use some later departure times for long distance rail services
3	it's a train station, so not much more to say then that.  i appreciate the new and improved waverley steps, but this place seriously needs a starbucks so i can get my beloved lattes to go on a train journey and it would be super helpful to place some bins around as well!  but all in all a good train station that serves its purpose well.
4	Things I like about Edinburgh Waverley Train Station:- The location. As the train you're on pulls into the station, you get a view of the Castle, of the Mound, and as you emerge from the train station from the one of a bazillion exits, you'll likely see Princes Street, and be in that perfect divide between the Old Town and New Town. Compare this to Glasgow Queen Street, and the rows upon rows of run-down, derelict blocks of council flats, and this really is a big plus.- The M&S Simply Food. Yes, it's silly. But I like M&S sandwiches, a lot. They have a good range of healthy snacks, and lunch items like sushi and salads. And dinner items should you be coming off the train late. It makes me sad when a big station doesn't have an M&S.- The new renovations are really shiny and new. And this is the main reason for my update to 4 stars. They've been doing building works on the station since FOREVER. They've finally opened the Princes Street steps, and yes, you know, they are quite fancy with lots of little elevators. And they've finally opened the Market Street entrance and its very fancy and glass-y and light. Too bad that the moment you walk in it goes back to how it used to look, but the entrance is impressive. And it's for this reason that I'm hoping, hoping, HOPING that once all the building works are complete, itll be worth it.Things I don't like about Edinburgh Waverley Train Station:- The layout. Just read, um, EVERYONE else's review of it right here. "Holy confusin layout batman!" is right, Chris D! And my previous reviews covers this.- There is no Starbucks. There is Costa, and Nero. Yes these are the three riders of the coffee apocalypse, but if I had to choose the lesser of three evils, it'd be Starbucks purely as I really like their own brand tea bags that they use, and they have nicer sandwiches.- The taxi rank is in a really hard place to get to.- The platforms for any journeys outwith central Scotland are hard to get to.- There aren't many self-service ticket machines, so always queuing and waiting and spilling my Nero coffee.But, that all said, I have a fondness for Waverley Station in it's bizarre layout, it's constant works and endless quest to be BETTER. The fact that as you leave and pull in, you get a glimpse of the castle. Well, that's all I need to be happy sometimes.
3	Busy, confusingHighlands, Lowlands, or England(s)Left Luggage a plus
4	Currently they are rebuilding the whole station. I am looking forward to seeing it fully done. The place is massive. Alight here for trains to.. well anywhere. I recommend the sleeper to London! The place has a victorian feel and I get all nostalgic to past times and steam engines when in this place.
3	No fluff, frills, just down to earth train station.... We took the sleeper train in and out of Edinburgh.  On our arrival, it was a bit confusing on where to go and how to exit the train station even.  We actually had to ask someone for direction on 'how' to exit the station.  The hotel in Grassmarket proved to be a bit challenging to get to... climbing up and then down,... good exercise.On our train departing Edinburgh, we were at the station a bit early and had to look around for a place to sit.  One of the fellow passenger saw us huddling next to our luggage in the cold and kindly told us that there is a lounge available.  Score!Yeah, more signs would be helpful me thinks....
5	New Look, clean & bright AND trains on time!!!
4	Waverley is a standard station. I was once at a conference where a fellow West coaster said the best thing about Edinburgh was the train to Glasgow which leaves from Waverley. It raised a bit of a laugh but Waverley is a-ok. Trains go from here to all over the place. Remember peeps, it is the UK and you'll not get the same slick service as the Continent but for accessing Scotland and the rest of the UK, it does the job.It's pretty cold as it's fairly open and a bit dark. There is a fair bit of work getting done and between the scaffolding and bits being closed off, it can be a bit confusing as to what exit to use if you come in on one of the far end platforms. When you do get to the exit, taxi's are plentiful and waiting to whisk you wherever you want to go...It does have good facilities though. Costa, M&S Food, Boots, a baguette place, BK, WH Smiths, currency exchange, cash points and the like. If I'm travelling, I allow myself extra time to grab some supplies for the train - sometimes even for my following day at work as some of the English stations I have to use have no facilities and I'm left mourning the M&S at Waverley...
3	Slap me in the face and call me sharon. This train station does indeed have me shouting out "A-OK" IT's smack bang in the town centre, near to local amenities and the airport bus. The pub is decent for getting so drunk you don't care that it's 10am and swear gregariously in front of a 10 year old on your train to england. There is coffee for when you want to get rid of that "it's 5am and I've not eaten, I' hungover and I fear I may die on the train" feeling.There is a bagel place for that "I'm no longer in need of coffee, might NOT now die, but I still feel like shite" feeling. There is a BOOTS and a WHSMITH and a BAGUETTE THING and a PASTY GOBBLING PLACE and a CAFE NERO and a BRIDGE and TRAINS. Let me TELL YOU ABOUT THE TRAINS. Seriously. So many of them. They have this nifty board which means that you can see when they're leaving and what places they stop at. This is particularly useful incase of no 3g signal or if you're a general moron.There are a tonne of people stood about looking like they've been set a basic maths exam and they've forgotten how to do long division. They have the dull bovine eyes of the damned. This is my least favourite thing about this station.They have also moved the cycle racks REALLY FAR to the back of the station. Boo.
4	Wow! Did you know Edinburgh Waverley is Britain's largest train station outside of London!?  Makes yee proud to be an Edinburger! I like the Waverley and even more so now it has been renovated.  They've added escalators down from Princess Street, although they are incredibly slow! Replaced the station roof with clear, strengthened glass making the place much brighter.  Improved the Market Street and Princess Street entrance. Refurbished the station concourse and exterior.  Added 2 glass lifts giving disabled access to all platforms via the mezzanine bridge. There are also 2 new platforms and platform 5 has been reintroduced.  They've done some track remodelling, allowing more trains to come through.  All in all, good things happening for our capital to bring it into the 21st century.  Although, as others here have mentioned, all these changes have made finding your platform a bit of an challenge! I think this would all work better with some improved signage to direct you to the appropriate platform, or a plan layout of the station and it's platforms?  Other than that, there are good services for commuters, great links to major cities and a super wee money exchange bureaux, although make sure you book your money online to get the cheapest rate. https://www.iceplc.com/travel-money/branch-collection/edinburgh.html - Best rates in Edinburgh.
3	For Scotland's busiest, most important and the capital's train station it sure was pure chaos.  I took a taxi here to go down to London and the moment I went underground I was amazed at how unorganized this place seems.  Maybe me or maybe it was the construction that was going on.All the usual amenities you would expect from a modern train station, you have a pub nearby, the snack shop and all of the other usual suspects are here.  The open roof feeling of being underneath main roads doesn't sit well with me, because it rains here and it is cold here more than it is warm so why an open roof. And being from California being underneath big things that can collapse just rubs me the wrong way, almost as much as finding out that the trains to London are on a track all by itself not with the others. They realize that people drink or wake up way too early to get on trips right?
3	Working recently around the main station in Scotland's capital, and improvements in abundance here.Was here earlier, and it has clean toilets, chats with NR staff, resolved all queries and visit to the customer service desk on the main concourse, let me know they have an expensive Florist(only one in M&S), so needs more competition for flora and fauna?Access to station via Leith Street, involved a lengthy walk down platform 1, to access station area. Though from Market street and Princes Street access is ok.Slight congestion caused by taxi coach access; to one side just now. But main information boards fine, but with one exception, if you need to get to the smaller info boards and they are updating best find another one before you miss your train.Audible speaker system, sporadic on  some platforms and main concourse due to noise but staff on hand to assist are brilliant.Historic travel gone wrong has taught me if your train is running late, and no driver shows it just won't go, may be very late departing, best get the bus!In all once all the niggles are sorted, will the station run smoother...that's yet to be seen? Anyhow boarding a Cross Country train to GLasgow Central, it's a very hot and stuffy one in coach B, as the air-con has packed in, and it's running a few mins late!
4	Is there ever a time, at any point of any year, when Edinburgh Waverley does not have some sort of engineering works or scaffolding or general work going on? No, probably not! Does this distract from how much I love this station as National Hub of Travel? Nope! Edinburgh Waverley is a great train station, with a plethora of platforms, all the amenities you'd expect in a station, from Burger King to WHSmith, and waiting rooms galore. I've been coming and going from/to this train station for the past 3 years as my partner Colin is from Dunfermline, and this is our sort of halfway point, well it was when he lived in Fife. The station is huge, and sometimes it can take you nearly 5 minutes to walk from one platform to another one (so watch your departure time!), but the staff are always lovely and happy to help or direct you from wherever to wherever else!My only problem with this station is that, as of recently, Costa is gone. Costa...is...gone. Where else am I supposed to get delicious smoothie drinks before my train journey Waverley?!
3	The train is the best means of transportation to get to Edinburgh from London...  However there is nothing special with the train station... and when we were here, the
3	There is always something happening here, where it is digging up the floor, or scaffolding every where and its been like this for a few years now.There are public toilets here but they charge you 30p entry fee your best to go to the Loch Nor bar where you could go for free but they do lock the toilets some times.There are plenty of kiosks around for drinks/coffee and food with a marks and spencer there next to burger king.The staff there look confused and don't know much and is you ask a question they are not afraid to reply (I don't know) Some of the train conductors can be rude depending what side of bed they came out of, a little respect and good customer service can go a long way.I've seen customers being shouted at because they sat in first class as the train was full with first class being empty.Some signage needs to be more clear as its like the blind leading the blind.
2	Does it sound weird to say Waverley never quite seems finished? I don't just mean the apparently perpetual work to add escalators or refurbish the concourses. I mean from the outside too. It looks like an urban polytunnel, as though one day they will pull back the covers and reveal a beautiful ripe railway station, running over with iron rail juice trails.Nuh-uh. I love Waverley as the herald of homecoming, my arrival point at the most beautiful city in the world. I do not love Waverley for its dodgy platform signage, roads within the station, bizarre navigation routes between platforms, and general sense of grime.On the plus side, it's got an M&S Simply Food, a good-sized WH Smith, Upper Crust, Boots (for those forgotten toothbrushes and last-minute cosmetic touchups), Caffe Nero, WhistleStop, Burger King, pasty stand, Millie's Cookies and even a bureau de change, so there's plenty to do while you're finding your way around. It also adjoins Princes Mall in case you arrived fiendishly early for your train and need some shoes. But the layout can cause frustration even beyond the palliative powers of a shortcrust pasty.
4	Waverly is a bit of an odd duck of a station. Over the past few years, it's had a lot of works being done and tracks being renamed and such which always leaves me slightly confused as to where I'm going. However, it's easily accessible from multiple entrance points and has a good amount of services, shops, eateries, et
4	Some days this station is too busy, to many people, to many luggages everywhere. As specialy if there is some delay in the shedules of the trains. Other days the station is almost empty that you ask yourself the question: 'Am I on the right station?!' It is a nice station in the middle of the city and there are several ways to enter it, it doesn't matter from whitch way you're coming, if you can walk stairs, you don't need to walk over the amazing bridge between the old city and the new city.
4	Used the station a few times during my visits to Scotland. Location is great as you're right in the center of Edinburgh, with close access to city hotels, Princess street, etc. As others have mentioned, there is plentiful shops and cafe/drink options scattered around. The mall, Princess street, and various eateries surround the station. My complaints were I found navigation a bit hard. It is an older station being modernized, and all the entries at the time were from the edges (long stairs from the south, pavement next to entry road on the west, through the mall from the north). It was a bit hard to figure out which track is which when in a hurry. Also, there were zero bins at track level. I walked around the entire station to deposit my litter. No luck. Otherwise a pretty unassuming exterior, but rather nice inside.
4	This will be short and sweet because .. well frankly its a train station! I like Waverley , I always get help when I need it , tickets are easy to purchase and pick up. Trains are usually clean and on time. And I have not gotten lost yet which is a good thing. Theres also lots to do there except it can be a little expensive. Couldn't find platform 9 3/4 so I will have to ask next time ;)   But yeah Waverley is a good little station if you ask me.
3	It's chilly here - so please where a jacket!  The station is going under major refurbishment, so please bear with it.  It has a ticket office, toilets and various shops to get any last minute shopping before you hop on that train. Looking forward to seeing the completion of works.
4	Clean, efficient, helpful staff. I can't imagine what else you need in a train station. The train I rode was also clean and appeared fairly new. Food and snacks in the station store were a bit pricey, but what do you expect? If you're waiting on your train you're a bit of a hostage at that point and, if you're very hungry or thirsty, likely ready to spend whatever you need to in order to satisfy your needs.
4	Brilliant. After the major renovation this now looks fantastic. - Though still a mixture between the old and the new, it hasn't lost any of its charms. I like a good train station, the sound, the trains and the travel buzz you get from it. This station as got it down to a T.There are many more places to shop in the Waverley Train Station, cash machines, restaurants, more ticketing machines and yes indeed more barriers to enter through. The ticketers and barrier security are very helpful and friendly. It is a shame that the train prices are so damn high in the UK - otherwise I would be here more often to travel around the UK by train. There are many access points to enter into the Waverley Train Station, the Waverly Steps on Princes Street beside the Balmoral Hotel is the main one - they have installed many escalators (and equally as many additional warning signs). The Waverly Bridge entrance is for cars and wheelchair access - mainly taxis use this though - to drop off travellers straight into the heart of the station. NO parking - which is strictly enforced. With its full glass roof it feels light and airy, this is a great example for train stations in city centres.
3	Maybe it's because I don't visit here enough. And maybe it's the construction that's been going on. But pretty much every time I visit Edinburgh Waverley I get lost and angry.I arrived here on Thursday and wanted to head towards the Old Town. I always get a little disorientated but managed to go in the right direction, but somehow I couldn't find the toilets. Probably because we arrived at a platform that seemed to be closer to Leith than Edinburgh. The other thing that bugs me is the connection between Waverley and Old Town. I can't work out how to avoid walking up the 1,000 steps of Fleshmarket and always come out at the exit right in front of them. I don't want to do this anymore - living in Glasgow has made me soft and lazy. On my return journey, I needed to buy a ticket due to it being a peak train rather than off peak (don't even get me started on that issue). That meant I had to go down to the main concourse, buy a ticket and then walk back up the stairs to platform 8E (or maybe it was 8W). There was a train on the platform, but of course it wasn't actually the train to Glasgow despite the sign saying it was. I managed to get on the right train and returned to the comforting bosom of Glasgow's easy to use Central Station, where everything is where is should be and there aren't any stairs (unless you go to the low level, of course).
4	The architecture gives it a very open airy feel. While there are often crowds they seem to flow well. The ticket turnstiles seem to never recognize my tickets but there are attendants there who are wick to let you through. There are no rubbish bins on the platforms which seems strange. Am I the only person who buys a snake to eat while waiting on the train and then needs to toss the wrappers?
3	Ok, I'm lost.Every time. Every freakin' time! I get off the train and think I'm walking to an exit and then... nope, wrong way. Wrong turn. Don't go up there. Wait, do go up there. Hold up, maybe I'm wrong. You know, let's go find a map.I get it, they want to keep the beauty and grandeur of the old station with the accessibly of something modern but it just makes it feel like it's both still under construction and also that they weren't quite sure what to do with it. Also, you closed the only taxi rank I knew? What the hell guys. I walked all the way over there just to find a giant open parking lot with them going, "Nope, this is closed. Want to find a taxi? Walk up that giant hill." So I did, with my incredibly heavy suitcase, so go grab a taxi.I love taking trains (easily the best way to travel) and this is an epic train station. But it's also kind of an epic fail.
3	Waverley Station these days is a different beast than it used to be. An extensive upgrading and cleaning program has made this station a lot nicer place to spend time than it used to be. It still has problems, notably the vast distance between platforms - leave plenty time between connecting trains, just in case - and a lack of decent food options.There's an M&S Food store, a Burger King, a bagel stand and a pasty stand. That's about it. There's one small bar inside, The Nor Loch; while not outstanding, it's decent enough to wait for your train without grumbling.The stairs to Princes Street now have the much needed escalators that also serve as an entrance to the Princes Mall. Going the other way, towards the Royal Mile, you're not so lucky - but then you'd be climbing Fleshmarket Close anyway!It's a modern, shiny, bright station that covers all the bases it needs to. It might be lacking a little bit of soul, but at the end of the day, it does it's job.
3	Waverley is looking a lot fresher after its clean up, but it is still a rambling shed of a place to try and find your way around, and every direction out of it is uphill. Yes, there are shiny new escalators that take you up to the high-level walkway that traverses the station, but at either end you are still faced with stairs to get out, or have to hunt around to find the lift to street level. Now you can't even get a taxi from within the station - all vehicles have been banished to the outer streets so you've got even farther to haul your luggage. It's not short of facilities, from bars, newsagents, wee shops, coffee and muffin stalls through to Burger King and M&S Simply Food, so you're sure to find something to satisfy your appetiteBut it's a 'proper' station - despite the narrowness of the tunnelled approaches on each side, it manages to cram in something like 20 platforms in one of the most complicated track layouts you're likely to see outside of London. It's unfortunate that they're not all easy to find and many of the 'through' lines involve going up and down stairs (or finding the lifts or escalators); I've missed a couple of trains back to Glasgow late at night when they put them on one of the more remote platforms. By the time you've gone to the expected central concourse and looked at the destination board, only to find that your train is leaving from Platform 9 or 20, or some other obscure location that you've no idea how to find, you'll often get to the platform to be greeted by the tail lights of your train as it pulls out of the station.Top navigational tip if you're heading for the Playhouse or the St. James Centre - there is a 'back entrance' way down the side past M&S that takes you out to Calton Road, and from there it's an easy step up the hill to Leith Street opposite the St. James Centre. But inevitably, there are some stairs involved (although not as many as the other entrances).
3	It was pretty good. I have definitley been to worse stations on this trip.
3	Ok train station:-30p for toilet. (Should be free)-good, free wifi. See photo of Speed test-not enough waiting room seating-good signage-Virgin ticket machines broken. Need more working automation for all services
3	I feel like they should employ people to stand in the middle of this station and dole out hugs.Fun fact about me, that I have been endlessly teased about since moving to Edinburgh: prior to my current stint in the UK, I have never been on a train.Subways. Skytrains. Trams. But never an honest to goodness, track riding, true blue train. So to say that the first time I went to Waverley Station for my very first train ride, I was Hobbit level excited: skipping through the fields and on my way to an adventure!But if you'll all remind correctly - Bilbo didn't exactly walk into a land of sunshine and lollipops either. Thus is Waverley Station.I suppose there's a sort of organized chaos if you have been there previously, but for first timers, it's a bustling, confusing mess of things. The crowds are crazy, the signage is confusing and there are platforms that seemingly don't exist a la Harry Potter... I need platform 11... that's not up the escalator but it's not through those gates... OH it's that random platform with no signage. GOOD.But once you throw yourself at the mercy of the support staff and they point you in the right direction - life smooths out. At least picking up your tickets is tickety boo.First timers: Get there a little bit early and be ready to have an "oh god, oh god" moment of panic. Then immediately look for someone who knows what they're doing. Like me, they will now be the smug looking folks gliding through the crowds. Once you've found your way - have a bagel, buy a coffee, grab a trashy magazine. You did good and soon, you too will be one step closer to smugtown.
