5	Our first time at this brand new restaurant and I am please to say it was a first class experience.We visited for lunch just a couple of days after opening so expected them to still be working things out but everything went smoothly. As a Brit I had to go with their $6 Fish & Chips. For that price I expected a smaller portion but the two pieces of fish were a decent size and it was more than enough for lunch. The fish was tasty and the batter cooked perfectly. Served with Tartar sauce and lemon, these guys understand how to cook my national dish (they even had malt vinegar for the chips ... bloody marvelous!).My lunch companion enjoyed two 'delicious' fish tacos and also said it was the right amount for lunch. Well priced, friendly service and a very cool look to the restaurant makes SoCal Fish Company a place I will be returning to again.
4	I have been dying for this place to open. Dying. I drive by four times a week on the way to and from work, and we visit the Saturday farmer's market across the street every other week, so the wait was killing me.Well, it was worth it.Stopped by a few days into their soft open for takeout lunch. The place is beautiful but small, a feature that gives it the feel of a little hole-in-the-wall beach taco joint. There are only six or eight little tables inside the narrow building, but there's a great patio out back with a dozen or more mister-cooled 4-tops shaded by umbrellas. The staff was friendly, prompt, and seemed eager to become part of the growing downtown Gilbert food scene. The blackened grouper tacos were nicely seasoned with a tasty spice blend, but they weren't blackened, if you want to get technical. On the other hand, I don't know how you'd properly blacken a fillet less than an inch or so thick without overcooking it, and I'll take delicious over overcooked any day. The fish portions were ample, and the flavor wasn't drowned out by toppings or sauce, though there were a couple cheese "crumbles" the size of walnuts that I had to break up with my fork. The small (but appropriately-sized) sides of jasmine rice and pinto beans were cooked and seasoned perfectly.My only knock was the sauce/salsa served on the side. It was plenty tasty, but had a distracting number of inch-long fibrous strands of lemongrass or something similar in it. The flavor was fine, but it could've used another couple pulses in the blender or quick trip through a coarse-mesh strainer.Hopefully they'll have a takeout menu or website with a full menu by the time I visit again. With fresh food, a nice variety of fish (and other) tacos, and good service, I have a feeling there won't be much room to sit once word gets out about this place.
4	I give the homemade clam chowder a four out of five stars.....so good - Only thing missing is an ocean view!
3	My wife and I have been waiting for weeks for the So-Cal Fish Taco Company to open in downtown Gilbert. We are locals who frequent four great restaurants already in that section of town (e.g., Postino, Joe's B.B.Q., Oregano's, and Liberty Market).  First impression matters: It was crowded on the first Friday night opening. We were told there was a one hour wait.  This helped us decide on takeout.  The fish tacos were nice and crunchy, but we felt that there could have been more fish sauce & cotija cheese.The carnitas tacos were a little dry to us.  The beans tasted as if they were canned beans.  In house cooked beans have a fresher taste to them.  As Parents we were concerned that we didn't see a children's menu.  This could still be in the making, however.    Service was fast for the to go order. Service was friendly. (Still finding their way in terms of organizing the crowd, but we think that is normal for a restaurant that has just opened.)  We see this venue becoming a local favorite if they subscribe to the enduring idea that quality drives business and customer service matters.  Haven't had the clam chowda yet but since we spent ten years in Boston we are ready to offer our thoughts after our next visit.
3	I was excited to try So Cal before they opened. It's around the corner from my office, and I love a good fish taco. I ordered the blackened grouper taco plate, and my mom ordered the ahi tuna taco plate. My tacos were good. The fish wasn't technically "blackened" but it was tender and had good flavor. The tortillas were soft and warm and held up to the taco filling. They put just the right amount of cabbage on the tacos. I really enjoyed the baja sauce and cotija cheese. The rice and beans are quite average, no special flavors pop out. They purely serve the purpose of completing the plate.The ahi tuna in my mom's tacos was WAY overcooked, and had an unappetizing grey hue. It was not pleasant to chew because it was so dry. She mentioned that to the server and his response was "Oh. Ok." and nothing else was done.I will most likely be back, but not for the ahi tuna.
3	I have been waiting for this place to open... So, the husband and I finally checked it out tonight. I will say that it wasn't horrible but wasn't GREAT! At first it started out wonderful, as everyone was pleasant and greeted us when we came in. Ordered our food, once again, no problems. We ordered some oysters as an app and they were delicious and tasted fresh. This is when the problems started...so our waiter brings our daughters food out and is like "is there anything else?" And we kind of look at him like "yeah, our food.." After a minute of the weird looks he is all "your tacos....WILL BE RIGHT UP!" And he made this face like "oh shit, I forgot." So, we waited and waited and waited.... about  an additional 20 minutes while everyone who got here after us, got served their food before us. Word to the wise.. I am much cooler if you would have told us. We get it, you just opened, we would cut you some slack, if you gave us the chance. So, the sun is going down at this point and someone needs to tell them that when the sun starts to set YOU TURN OFF THE MISTERS. It gets cold and wet as opposed to nice like when the sun is up. I heard many people around us complaining about the misters, as well. Also, I don't know if there was some kind of mix up with the servers but we watched two different sets of people get totally forgot about at a table near us. The first couple just straight up left, while we had to sit and listen ( we saw more than one bus boy notice this situation... um hello DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT) to the second set of people complain about the poor service.By now, we have just got our food and the tacos were good. I got the shrimp tacos and husband got mahi mahi tacos. Neither of us had any complaints about the food. My shrimps were large and cooked great. My daughter got the popcorn shrimp and that was actually really good, very pleasantly surprised. Next, we tried to pay and that took about about 10 minutes to get our check back after our waiter took our card...I don't get why that took so long!? Go run the card and come back.So, all in all, the food was good. The service just needs some help. My husband said it best, they need an on-duty aware manager (which they did not appear to have) to make sure tables aren't forgot, turn off misters..etc. So..hopefully they see this and use it as constructive criticism because I really did like the ambiance and food..just with a few hitches. But, we will be back. I'm going to give it a few weeks and try again since the food was good.
3	Pretty good... Not as good as "Wahoos" in California. Very friendly staff, fresh food. Awesome clam strips.
4	Came for lunch with the wife during their  'soft' opening. I believe the problems we had will be worked out. Wait for a table wasn't bad, got sat outside and had to play musical chairs a bit to not sit in a sunny spot or a spot getting dripped on by the misting system. Got the crab cakes to start with, which were excellent. I got the shrimp po-boy, and the wife got the fish and chips.Fish and chips were a tad to thick on the batter. The shrimp on the po-boy was a corn-meal crusted fried shrimp, pretty good as well.I dislike tarter sauce, but the 'house' tarter sauce is really excellent!My only disappointment was the lack of any other 'house' sauces. In all my "So-Cal" fish tacos experiences, each place had an assortment of their very own specialty sauces. The lack of anything but tarter here was a disappointment.tl;dr 4 stars for now, it's still too new and has some issues to work through, it'll be a 5 star soon enough.
4	Love this place! Great service and good food. Another great "spot" in downtown Gilbert.
1	Just returned from SoCal Fish Taco Co.  Very disappointing.  Decor and design was interesting, server good, but that's where it all ended.  Don't think much was made from scratch.  Everything tasted canned, salsa, weak cocktail sauce (more like regular ketchup) beans, tortillas......EVERYTHING.  Really wanted to like this place.  No flavor/seasonings ... Boring.  Wish it was different.  Shrimp tacos and grouper tacos had no flavor at all.  Shrimp had watery/boiled texture.  Not worth it.  Missed opportunity for this company.
5	I have been waiting for this new restaurant to open.  Well worth it !   My wife and I were very pleased with their food and service. We had the clam chowder and and Mahi tacos.  So-Cal Fish Taco Company will do well with all the excellent restaurants in downtown Gilbert !
4	Great little place.  We ordered the fish ceviche, clam strips, cod tacos, and carnitas tacos.  A couple of beers and a sangria as well.  Park in the back and sit outside on the patio.  The service was consistent and above average.  We go to The Farmhouse, across the street, for breakfast all the time.  This place is family owned and has fresh seafood.  Where the hell else are you going to find that anywhere near Gilbert.  All of the food was very good.  We wanted to try a variety since it was our first visit.  The ceviche was tasty but if I'm being super picky it could use a little more seasoning.  I eat ceviche frequently in CA.  Bottomline, good service, good food, seafood from a local joint, and family owned. What more do we all need.
3	Love the downtown Gilbert area and happy this place opened. Love the decor and the service was good. Very laid back, plastic and paper kinda place. The clam chowder was not as anticipated, wish it had more clams but the shrimp tacos were good. I liked the Cotija cheese and Baja sauce on it. The cheese had a feta taste which give it a little edge. My friend had the fish & chips and said it was very fresh. The Left Coast amber beer was pretty good too.
2	Went for lunch today.  Got there about 1pm, and was seated within 10 minutes.  Ordered 1/2 dozen oysters and a basket of clam strips.  Oysters were great!  being able to get fresh oysters in Gilbert is a great treat.  Now to the clam basket.  Should have known better, but it's just your standard frozen, chewy breaded clam strips.  They were also way over cooked.  Would be happy to pay more for freshly shucked fried clams.  Will try tacos and steamers next time.
4	Seriously good fish tacos!  Walked in at 7 on a Saturday night and was immediately seated.  2 adults, 1 kid, and 1 high chair.  SWEET!  Decor is awesome.  The patio has nice lighting so you're not sitting in the dark or barely able to see what you're eating.  After we were seated it did take about 7 mins for our server to notice us and get our drinks and since we had the extra time we also knew what we wanted to eat.  After that initial wait the service was great though.On to the food!  Ordered Clam strips for an app. Super yummy.  A tad bit chewy, but the hubs and I didn't mind.  Got the kids' popcorn chicken and fish and chips at that time.  Both got the seal of approval from 2 picky eaters.  One minor thing was that the fries were pretty under done almost inedible.  I don't give them fries that much so we just ate the ones that were done and they couldn't even finish those.  Good sized kids portions even without the fries.  Grown up meals:  We wanted to try a few items.  Got orders of shrimp tacos, ahi tuna tacos and blackened grouper tacos.  All of them were cooked to perfection!  Nothing was even close to being overcooked, seriously perfect.  While all the tacos were great the blackened grouper was the stand out by far.  The beans were also amazing.  Something as simple as pinto beans and SoCal made them memorable.  The rice was just meh, unfortunately got some uncooked grains in with the cooked, mmmm crunchy goodness, not so much.  The mango salsa was flavorful with a nice kick to it.  I don't know what the 1 star guy was talking about with everything being canned and bland.  The cocktail sauce was a bit ketchupy but that's about it.  Also got a Long Island Iced Tea, good but for $6 it was small at around 10 oz.  Overall:  nice ambiance, small service and kitchen hiccups with it being new, the tacos are what matter and they are STELLAR!  Will definitely recommend to friends and family and be back frequently.
3	I must say...I will be back. AZ needs a seafood place other than Red Lobster!! This is the only place I can feel like i'm on a vacation on the beach! Love the decor and feel of the place. Love that there is a large, open patio. Service was slow. Our fried clams came out WITH our dinners. My shrimp tacos were good, but kinda sloppy. The corn tortillas were falling apart and the tacos were not full of flavor like I expected. Next time I will try the fish tacos and oysters. Always looking for some oysters. Oysters in Gilbert??? Come on now! ;) Love it. Having a full bar is great as well. If you don't mind your cheap wine in a lil plastic cup.....go somewhere more fancy, like Postino's next door. We kinda made the mistake of going there after for another glass of wine and the $9-$12 glasses of wine made me wish I was back at So Cal with the $5 wine cup. :) Worth a try trying this place and hope they get better with the seasonings. I may have just ordered the wrong thing. Hope this place stays in business. AZ needs this kinda place!
2	I was really hoping this was going to be great Mexican food, even if it was seafood.  My wife and I had it for lunch and we were not impressed.  Too bad.
5	My husband and I went to SoCal for the first time and were greeted immediately and sat right away on the patio (at 5:30 on a Friday). We were approached right away and ordered the shrimp cocktail ($7). It came with 5 large shrimp on ice and was very fresh. The cocktail sauce had a tad too much horseradish for my taste but was still good. We weren't very hungry so we split the Mahi tacos (two for $7), but they were a pretty decent size, larger than street tacos. The fish was fresh and it came with a mango chutney, cotija cheese and some cabbage. They didn't over do the cabbage or toppings and the salsa that came on the side was delicious. Our server was prompt with the bill and we had an overall great experience. I hope they stay consistent and worthy of five stars!
4	This place is so good! Service was great, love the decor, and the food tasted fresh. I got the shrimp po boy and the only thing it needed was the classic spicy mayo... Great back bone for something that is going to be a local favorite. Definitely coming here again and again!
5	I'm a big fan of fish tacos, and rarely does a restaurant get it right - I recommend the Mahi Mahi, although I would have liked a stronger taste of mango in the salsa .  The quality of the fish was good (hard to find in the desert), calamari fries were outstanding, the wait was staff attentive, and the owner personable.   Nice decor inside and out, SFTC has captured the feel of being in places like Newport, and Redondo Beach and brought them to the desert.
2	We were excited to try this place, but were quickly disappointed. The space inside is a TINY corridor, so your server constantly paces up and down alongside your table. The water is Gilbert tap water- blech! Any filter or RO would greatly improve the odor and taste of the water. I was still holding hope the fish tacos would save the day. Nope. Rubio's has better fish tacos and they're cheap on Tuesdays. I spent $8 on the Ahi Tacos, and could only stomach two bites. They cooked the heck out of the chunk of Ahi; either this was an accident or they don't use high-quality Ahi which can be served rare. It tasted like canned tuna, and there was hardly any sauce on the tortilla to add flavor. There was NO seasoning on the fish itself. To be fair, my date's Tilapia tacos were well-seasoned thin filets (they advertise a lemon pepper seasoning) and were enjoyable. They serve the tacos with a side of rice-a-roni, watery pinto beans and some super hot watery salsa. I love spicy food, and I could not consume this salsa. If you like pinto beans (undrained) from a can, you're in luck. We love fish tacos from The Reel Inn in CA, and we get that Gilbert is a long way from any beach. Still, if you're going to name you're restaurant "So Cal Fish Taco Company," please deliver something remotely similar to what you advertise. I hope this restaurant can improve and offer some quality fish tacos to downtown Gilbert.
4	Very good. I thought $6.00 was high but it is a complete meal. They open a 11 am and I entered at 11:10 am and by 11:40 there we people waiting for a table.
2	We were eager to try So-Cal, so last night was the night. Maybe we expected to much from a restaurant that says they " want to give you food that you can get stoked about". Ok, it started out good. We got the Oysters on the half shell and some of the Mission Brewery Hefeweizen. The Oysters were fresh and very tasty. The beer, cold and refreshing.I ordered the mahi tacos, and my husband ordered the shrimp tacos. With each bite we kept saying to each other, is this it? We came here for this? We waited 30 minutes for this?  The tacos did not have much flavor. Tacos from Rubio's taste much better. The beans tasted as if they were out of a can, and whats with white rice with tacos? Is that what they do in So-Cal ?Maybe the cooks were a little to much in a "California State Of Mind" last night, and forgot the seasonings on the fish.
5	Tuesday Taco Day !  Woo Hoo ! ! ! The Cod Tacos were very very tasty.
2	My fiance and I decided to try So-Cal Fish Taco Company. Got there and it was a full house. My fiance had the shrimp burrito and I ordered fish n' chips. Waited 20 minutes for our order to arrive. Saw the basket and we both immediately said, "really??". Waited 20 minutes and portions in the basket was sad. Hook up the fries in the basket!! Good food but nothing extrodinary that makes me want to return to this restraunt. Along with that, I thought to myself, "well it is a fish taco joint, I should at least try one of their fish tacos." From reading other reviews and talking to others, So-Cal Fish Taco Company is just another fancy place where over priced average fish taco are being served.
2	We had been waiting for this place to open for a long time.  Were stoked to see it was open.  Went in on a Thursday night about 7pm and waited about 15 minutes.  It is super small inside, the outside is bigger but hey it's like 110 degrees outside!  They sat us outside but the misters were great.  I didn't mind it at all.  Everyone there seemed like they were enjoying themselves.  We got drinks from our waiter who was really nice.That was the best thing about it.  We ordered 2 appetizers and 2 entrees.  Our drinks were empty right away and stayed empty.  Then the misters went off...we still had no food after about 40 minutes.  The waiter was nice but he was just too busy to stay on top of all of the customers.  The food all came out at once, appetizers and entrees.  I asked for the misters to be turned back on as it was really hot...some of the other customers were also complaining.  They never came back on.  My fish and chips tasted frozen and everything was just about cold.  My husband said his Mahi tacos were very good.  We asked for more drinks and some sauces that never came.  We spent about 90 minutes there waiting and sweating.  The only positive was the Mahi tacos, so it definitely wasn't worth it.  BIG let down.
5	Great cod tacos! Really good customer service as well.
3	SoCal fish company specializes in fish tacos. The restaurant is small inside with seven or eight tables and is nicely decorated with a surfboard and  surfing pictures on the wall. The restaurant is sit down and I believe they may do more business if they had a counter you could order at -it may be quicker. But with that said I was in and out of there within 25 minutes. I ordered the Mahi fish tacos and they were excellently prepared. The fish was perfectly cooked and the tacos had cabbage and a mango salsa over the top. The tacos cost seven dollars and they came with a side of beans which had a nice spicy kick and rice - when you combined them it made a really nice side dish. The tacos were a nice size and it was a very satisfying lunch. I had a ice tea with my meal and the server refilled my ice tea and promptly cashed me out. Although the inside was relatively small there is a nice patio out back that has another 12 tables and also a nice comfy couch area to relax in and to eat your tacos - they also have a mister system out there to cool things off on the patio. I also saw that for dessert they have a delicious looking cookie ice cream sandwich that I will have to try next time. SoCal fish is a nice addition to downtown Gilbert and I will definitely will be returning.
5	Great dive restaurant, quality food
2	My family and I live just down the road in Gilbert and were super excited to see a new restaurant open up in down town Gilbert. We waited about a week after the location opened before stopping by to escape the "grand opening" rush.  We went in early on a Friday night - probably about 5:30 and we just beat the rush. We were immediately seated and offered drinks.  Now please not the seating in this location is pretty sparse unless you are willing to sit outside.  Nice patio seating, but in AZ in the summer I can't do it with young kiddos. Young servers that are nice, but inexperienced and it shows.We placed our orders and started with the calamari appetizer - I love calamari - but this was kind of a let down. It was okay, but honestly Oregano's calamari is ten times better. So next up we ordered the kids fish and chips, my oldest had the garlic clam appetizer, hubby had the fish and chips and I had the fish tacos (don't recall which kind).  Everything was okay but not great, and portions were so so.  The clams were really good, but half weren't open so not a great deal for the money.  I was still hungry from our order so we decided to try the crab cakes to finish and this was by far the worst. They were gross and mushy with no texture - it kind of tasted like crab straight from the can - other than the crispy outside, no texture and no crab taste at all.I was really hoping for a great new restaurant when we walked in - at this point I wouldn't return because it really was just OK.
5	Another great downtown Gilbert eatery.  Great clam chowder, decent beer selections and friendly staff.
4	Very good food, not *quite* as awesome as Brigantine in San Diego, but definitely good fish tacos.  It's a very laid back atmosphere, which I really liked and seemed almost out of place in Gilbert - which I mean in a good way.  I think the only downside was that it's easy to spend a lot of money on tacos here, since the portions aren't that big and it's not exactly cheap.  They also had the misters on full blast, so I was basically soaking wet outside, but that was a small complaint.All in all, good food and worth it.  It's a bit expensive for what you get, but not excessively so.  Worth checking out if you're seeing what's around Gilbert...
3	Finding a good fish taco in Phoenix is difficult, so when I saw a place with fish taco in its name, I was pretty excited.The fish ceviche tostadas were pretty good, although a little flimsy.  The mahi fish tacos were ok.  They needed more sauce and to change tortillas.Decent service, although our server did mess up what was on whose check.I'll be back because I want to try more of their fish tacos.  This place has better fish tacos than most in Phoenix, but if it was in SoCal, I'm not sure I'd come here again.
3	Maybe I missed something but this place just didn't wow me. It was around lunch time when we went and the place was almost empty. The set up was just awkward since it is such a small narrow space. We walked in from the parking lot and couldn't quite figure out where to go because there was no one around. The outside patio looked great but it was far too hot, maybe it'll be nicer in the cooler months(or month). The place has character, I'll give it that, but comes across as what an interior designer would consider coastal not quite a laid back beach taco place. We ordered a cheese tortilla with shrimp as an appetizer, it was delicious. The fish tacos were just okay. The mahi mahi taco was good but they were pretty bland with the tiniest amount of mango salsa. For a fish taco company I was expecting more, especially for the price.
1	Cute concept, but very mediocre. We went into this restaurant hoping to find some good mexican food in Gilbert, but were disappointed by the food. We ordered the fish taco, clam chowder, and oyster. The clam chowder and oyster were both below average. The oyster was warm and sort of gross. The clams in the chowder were chewy. The fish taco was average at best. Hard to justify eating here when Joyride is right across the street...
5	Simple, neat food without trying to overdo the atmosphere. Tilapia tacos had a nice large filet, broiled, not breaded. One of our party reported these are better (and much less expensive) than other fish tacos nearby. Quick, clean service, great price!! Will definitely dine again.
4	After spending an extended period of time in Mexico, I was struggling to find a fish taco quality in Phoenix that was similiar to what I enjoyed South of the border. The Cod Fish Tacos at So Cal Taco were great !! After eating many Cod FT in the past, the quality of the fish they use is excellent, above par from other local FT places. The Baja Sauce they offer is good, however there was not enough on each taco for my liking. I ordered extra and they were great. The only negative comment I would have would be that they do not offer a spicy salsa. I used my own spicy salsa, which offsets the creamy Baja sauce they offer. So Cal Taco is a WINNER, but PLEASE get a Salsa option with some heat.UPDATE - Determined they DO have a spicy salsa, however must be requested. This being discovered, SO CAL is THE place in the East Valley for Fish Tacos !!
5	I love this place! Server Steele was cool! Mahi tacos were delicious.  Beer prices fantastic, $3.50 for an Ultra.  Arrived at 3:00, Saturday afternoon, got a table immediately.  Cup of Clam Chowder was good. Oysters were very small, but they did give us 7 on a 1/2 dozen order. My favorite fish tacos are at South Beach Bar and Grill, Ocean Beach San Diego... SoCal Fish Taco Co had Tacos just as tasty.Wife and I will be Back.
5	My wife and I absolutely love SoCal Fish Taco Company. My favorite tacos are the grilled Mahi Mahi. Have also has the cod tacos and calamari fries - also both very good. Price is right, location is great in downtown Gilbert and the staff is friendly. They have a few SoCal craft beers to choose from - really like the Coronado Brewing IPA. There are several fish taco shops we like in San Diego, SoCal Fish Taco company is bringing those great tacos to Gilbert. Great work guys, keep it up.
2	My husband and I were so disappointed in the tacos. Super plain and almost raw tortillas and the flavor was bland. We got the mahi and the grouper and both were not good. The price is affordable, but I would pay more for better flavor and quality somewhere else.
5	Went back for seconds today and had the mahi tacos. The fish was cooked well, the sauce was great, the salsa much improved, and the rice and beans are still very good. And they had take-out menus for the folks at work!
3	We had high hopes but were let down. Service was very good. We went at 6ish on a Thursday and were seated indoors right away. Staff was friendly and attentive and we always had full drinks!  Food was just okay. The batter seemed too heavy (fish and chips and cod tacos) and meal was pretty bland. I guess it lacked what I'd call that "fresh" taste. Now I understand that because we live in the desert we will never get fish tacos like they serve in CA but....
3	The fish is good. The overall plate could be improved greatly. The tortillas need seasoning. The beans are bland. The rice is excellent. Serving in plastic baskets with plastic forks is lame.
4	Excellent fish tacos, and quick service for take out.  Reasonable prices, and great variety on the menu.  Only 4 stars because they're closed on Sundays, and because the carne asada was only average.  It seems like the carne asada, chicken, and carnitas are only on the menu to provide variety.  Their real specialty is the various fish tacos (cod, grouper, mahi, salmon, etc), so if you go for those, you won't go wrong.
4	Great place for a decently priced, and light lunch.  Fish tacos are very delicious.  This is a new favorite lunch spot and I can't wait to go when it cools down and sit on the large patio and have a cold beer.
2	After spending a week in San Diego I had some of the BEST shrimp tacos. And since then I have been constantly craving them, so my boyfriend and I came here hoping they might satisfy that craving. Well we were wrong.We walked in and were instantly greeted, the host/ waiter told us there was gonna be quiet a wait for inside but they did a small bar to sit us at or we could sit outside. Not really wanting to be in the heat we opted to sit at the small "bar". That small bar was right behind the host counter, the waiter then told us this was actually and additional waiting area for customers. We sat there for not even a minuet before we asked if we could move outside. The "bar" was such a confined space we could barely sit comfortably. The waiter happily obliged, then took us to the patio.While the patio was hot, it wasn't unbearable with the umbrella, misters, and fans. After over looking the menu, I decided on the shrimp tacos, and he the ahi tuna. They came out fairly quick, which was nice. But the tacos were nothing great. My tortillas were cold, like out of the fridge cold. There wasn't much flavor at all on the shrimp. The rice was white, which was odd, the beans were straight out of the can. What was really unfortunate was the fact the shrimp in my tacos still had a lot of the shell on them. Each bite I was pulling shell out of my mouth, my boyfriends tuna was almost all chewy, and uneatable. Needless to say, we won't be going back. There was nothing to bring me back to try their food again. Especially with the subpar service.
4	First visit to So-Cal, and loved it! We skipped the tacos on this first visit, and opted instead for the clam chowder, steamed clams, and crab cakes.  What a great choice we made, since all were outstanding.  Excellent beer list too.We're originally from New England, and we've had hundreds of versions of clam chowder.  So-Cal's version is one of the best I've ever had.  The clams were perfect and not rubbery, the broth was just the right consistency, and the seasoning was spot on.  Amazing.The steamed clams were brilliant.  It's easy to destroy the little gems, but So-Cal hit the nail on the head.  Sweet, succulent, and also cooked to perfection in a nice light buttery broth that did not over power the cherrystone size clams.The crab cakes were full of crab, with just the right amount of well seasoned binding.  Outstanding.  Now that we've savor end the "sides",  we'll be back soon to try the many versions of tacos, and other offerings that are sure to exceed our expectations.GLAD YOU'RE IN TOWN, SO-CAL!!!!  What a great addition to historic downtown Gilbert.
4	Amazing gourmet tacos at non-gourmet price. Great patio and service. Beer selection limited but cool breweries. Definitely coming back.
5	I've been wanting to try this place out for awhile now -- being a member of Funktional Fitness, I pass this place daily running my Funk lap! LOL - and finally stopped in for lunch after my workout. I was not disappointed! The Mahi fish tacos were amazing!  Next I'll be trying the "Funk Plate" (not featured on the menu) -- fresh catch of the day and veggies. Excellent food at a great price! *****
4	Great food, real good prices for what you get.  Mussels were excellent
5	Stopped in for lunch today and everything was good.  I had the blackened grouper tacos and my girlfriend had the shrimp tacos.  Both were excellent but I lean towards the grouper.  The spicy kick added with the salsa was awesome.  Even the small sides of beans and rice were good.  Very friendly staff, quick service and reasonable price for lunch.  Highly recommend this new downtown Gilbert addition.
2	I was only impressed with the Seviche (hope i spelled that right). Other than that the place is more about the atmosphere than they are the food. The fish tacos were dry and lacking flavor.
4	Definitely one of our favorite lunch places.  We have not had a lunch that we haven't really liked.  This is turning into one of our regular spots.
3	My daughter and i came for lunch today. We parked in the back and walked through the open dining and inside dining on our way to the hostess station. We noticed five or six open tables on our way in. We were surprised to hear from the hostess that there was a 10-15 minute wait to be seated. (What? Can i just go sit down at one of the six open tables?) We waited and were seated within the promised window. We ordered calimari fries to start, with my daughter ordering fish and chips, and salmon tacos for myself.The calimari fries came out hot, crispy, and were very tasty. We finished them off quickly. Both sauces were great.Next delivered, were my daughters fish and chips, and some shrimp and chips that looked yummy, but were not what i ordered. The waiter promised a quick fix. I noticed the patrons at a neighboring table having bewildered looks, and no food on their table, despite being seated before us.The salmon tacos arrived within five minutes. The fish was near perfectly cooked, the tortillas tender but not frail, overall very delicious. My daughters fish and chips were tasty, good crunch on the outside with tasty fish inside. Chips were reasonable, but not inspiring. The beans and rice that came with my meal were sufficient.Waitstaff were nice enough, but maybe a little inexperienced, and slow at times. Their willingness to try makes it all good.The dining experience overall was positive, but i don't know if i would drive any extra miles to dine here. If i happen to be close, ill probably drop in. (Ill bet that i would have given an extra star if there had not been a line with tables empty, and the wrong meal being delivered.)
5	Excellent food. My wife had the clam chowder and it was fantastic. The Mexicali shrimp cocktail was amazing.  The ahi tuna tacos were very good and so were the grouper tacos.  My wife had the sangria and it was great. They make it homemade and its not that sweet. Its a small place in old town Gilbert and it has a patio. The owner is cool. A must if you are in the area.
4	We came here today because i was craving for some tacos. I like the chill patio. But it was too cold for me, I have to borrow my bf's jacket. Our server was nice, he keeps on checking on us. We ordered shrimp ceviche for appetizer.. My mouth exploded! It was really good. For the main coarse my bf got shrimp po'boy, It was ok i had better po'boy before at Flavor's of Luisiana. It came with a cocktail sauce, I wish it came with a tartar sauce. I got the mahi tacos, the fish needs a lil seasoning and it was kinda overcooked. The mango salsa was really good it complements the fish, cabbage and the cojita cheese. I was disappointed with my rice because it was cold and hard.. But we will definitely come back for happy hour.
5	Who knew this little place was going to be this good? The food, quite inexpensive, is VERY good. I had some crab cakes that were as good as any I've had, even when in Baltimore or Boston. The fish tacos were to die for. We left feeling quite full, and the bill was less than $25 for all of us.
4	Outdoor seating was very nice. Service excellent. The tacos were very good and so was the salmon wrap. Yum!!
5	This place is awesome. Great tacos, super reasonable, and nice adult beverage selection. They have several craft beers, which is a nice touch for my main squeeze. The cod tacos are super yummy.. They have great happy hr deals too. Only crappy thing is that it's only offered Monday-Thursday. But, great little patio.. And every time I have been, the service was very laid back and friendly.
4	First visit last night with my good friend and we really enjoyed it!  The staff was very friendly, Jared seated us and Britney was our server.  She made us feel very welcome, helped us with the menu - made a couple of suggestions and checked on us just enough. The food was very good.  We tried one each of the carne, blackened grouper, tilapia and shrimp tacos.  They were all deeelish!  The Tilapia had a bit too much lemon pepper seasoning but overall, the whole meal was great, even the rice and beans.  We also tried the Calamari fries and a cup of the chowder...both very yummy! Will be back with more friends!
5	Good service. I had the grouper which was good. My sister had the shrimp tacos which she enjoyed. The salsa was fantastic!
1	My boyfriend and his family were so excited to try this place out, but we all left completely unhappy.For starters, once we sat down at a table it took what seemed like forever until we were waited on. Then when we finally place our food orders, it took way too long to come out to our table. Portion were extremely small, as if it came from the kids menu! When we asked for hot sauce, they brought out sriracha (claiming that was all they had), which is fine but considering it's a fish taco company they should have a variety of sauces/salsa for their foods! Then when someone else wanted more hot sauce, our waiter brought out Chulula! Which was really annoying because we were just told the only hot sauce they had was Sriracha. When we got our bill in the end we were even more disappointed to see that the each beer was overpriced and cost MORE than one order of our food! That's just ridiculous. Beer wasn't even good for being "specialty" from California.Definitely wont be returning here again.
3	I wanted to love it...grew up in Huntington Beach, surfing in Baja (ensenada, rosarita, etc).  Raised at Wahoo's Fish Tacos and have a decent palate when it comes to fish tacos.  Service was fine.  nice folks, speed was good.  The decor/patio gave me hope.Our Group Ordered:  Quesadilla.  Shrimp Tacos.  Mahi Tacos.  Blackened Grouper tacos.Quesadilla:  $4 for 1 store bought tortilla basically warmed in a microwave.  Like you would make for a snack for a toddler at home.  Weak.  Shrimp Tacos:  decent.  Server said there were 5 shrimp per taco, mine had 3 shrimp.  Much better at cafe rio up the street.Mahi Tacos:  lacking flavor.  Looked good.  let down.  wouldn't order these again.Blackened Grouper:  also, lacked flavor, but the best of the 3 i ordered.  Note:   as i understand it, "blackened" is both a way of cooking (using butter/oil to char the fish, plus usually a cajun/pepper spice).  Again....this is NOT Wahoo's "blackened" fish  Tap water:  awful.  even w/ lemon.  Get drinks...or soda water at least.I will return, as i want them to succeed....I will try the other taco's and update.Happy Hour: Mon - Thurs i will try the Cod Tacos...i think they are $1 buck a piece
5	What to do on a typical work day Wednesday???? That's right, happy hour! SoCal fish tacos was perfect for a mid-week happy hour. They have $1 tacos and some tasty drinks! Check it out and sit on the back patio for a nice relaxing happy hour!
1	I was really excited for this place, but it was just bad. I got the Fish and Chips and won't be getting it again. It wasn't cooked all the way, wasn't crispy at all and the annoying part was it was $7 for two little pieces of fish and hardly any fries. My date got the fish tacos, but where was the fish? It was all mangos and veggies. Sorry, but were not impressed.
3	High expectations because of the laid back and chill atmosphere. Little seating inside, cool patio seating. Happy to see they serve cocktails and beer. I ordered crab cakes recommended by our server, they arrived in a bed of oil and luke warm in the center. They tasted like tuna from the Gordon smith guy at the local grocery store. I also ordered a Long Island ice tea, immediately I could tell by the color of the drink it was a mix or they had a first day bar keep.  I tasted it and it actually tasted like ice tea. The server asked if I wanted a substitute and I got a tasty bottled brew. Good looking out, props.  The food was mediocre at best. Hard rice and I swear canned ranch style beans. My date ordered carnitas, I ordered mahi tacos. We should of went to rubios.  Pros...80's music, cool patio seating, prices, nice server.  Cons...food, drinks, ugh!
5	My wife and I love So-Cal Fish Tacos! We ate there three times in one week a few months back! The cod tacos are the best but you really can't go wrong with anything on their menu and we have tried most of it! Make sure and get the ice cream cookie sandwiches if they have them in stock!
3	The atmosphere is cute, and overall a good location. I went here a couple days ago and ordered the cod with fries. The pricing seemed competitive, however, the food didn't wow me. It was alright though.
5	Went to SoCal for the 1st time tonight for date night and we loved it!  I had the Mahi Fish Tacos - I thought they were great.  Not too fishy, tasted fresh and the mango salsa and baja sauce was yummy!  My husband had the mussels, oysters on the half shell and crab cakes.  He was in heaven the whole time.  We aren't into specialty beers so we just had Coronas which is perfectly fine with us.  Loved the atmosphere and our waiter Ryan was super nice.  We already have plans to go back next Friday!
5	This place is delicious! It may be tiny but the patio is amazing. The food was astoundingly good. I wished I could eat more. I love the selection for the tacos and the fact that you can mix and match. I had the Shrimp and the Cod. I preferred the shrimp but I see why the Cod is a big seller. Our server was super sweet and helpful. I can't wait to go back for happy hour!
4	Nice outdoor patio area and we have always had good service.  Nice variety of Fish Tacos and their Shrimp Ceviche was very good didn't like their Margaritas so we now stick to beer.
4	If you're looking for a casual place to hang out with a relaxing patio, this spot is it. Great prices and the fish tacos are yummy. So is the fish n chips and the ice cream sandwich for dessert. My daughter gives this place two thumbs up and she is not easy to please!
4	Yum. Blackened grouper tacos. Yum. Mahi tacos ate good if you eant something milder. All that was missing was the sand.
3	3 stars for now. Went for lunch. Clam strips were awesome !  Lightly battered n crunchy. Cod tacos were a bit dry. Queso fresco was good but they needed more sauce. The place has a nice vibe. I'll try it again if I'm in the area.
4	Tried the Mahi Tacos. Served with beans and rice. Rice was good but the beans were nothing special.  The tacos were refreshing.My only complaint was the owner/manager had a bit of an attitude and kept criticising the servers, who I thought were doing a fine job.
2	I give them two stars because 1, the hostess was nice & 2, the decor was refreshing... Our waiter could have been friendly enough to deserve a bigger tip but at least he was attentive enough to refill our drinks a few times. For starters we ordered the $7 calamari fries. It was DELICIOUS. The pieces were thick and the batter was light enough. It came with a side of yummy aioli sauce & marinara, which I thought was a little odd.I ordered the shrimp Po boy. It was disappointing. Three medium deep-fried shrimp with the tail still on, in between large pieces of white bread. Lettuce, onion & tomatoes came on the side. The tartar sauce was bland. The seasonless fries was the only good part of the dish. My other half ordered the fish and chips. It came with two medium size pieces of deep-fried cod and french fries. All you taste is the oil. That too was very disappointing.If my commute wasn't  30 minutes away from Phoenix I would check out the happy hour since they do offer one dollar cod and tilapia tacos.
3	This place was recommend think I expected better. I had the ahi tuna tacos and it was cold. Very bland tasting. The salsa really didn't have any flavor to it and margarita I've had better
3	I had heard and read about how great this place was. Reality didn't match the hype. I had the calamari. It was okay and for $9, I expected a larger portion. The cod tacos were okay as well. A little too much breading. I will say the clam chowder was very good. My son had the fish and chips. He really liked it. Overall experience was okay; food was average and service was good. Id go back and try it again, but it is a bit over hyped.
5	Best ceviche, best tacos, awesome outdoor patio, great shark tacos, great fish and chips! Only think wish they carried local beers and did bloody Mary's! Our new favorite spot!
1	Saw this place, was excited to try it, until I heard they sold SHARK tacos. Shame on you So-Cal for doing this. Will never go there now.
1	Have been here a few times. Happy hour was great. Food is good beer prices ok. Waitress screwed up the 2 tabs that our party had. We told the waitress and she said even Pabs the owner could not fix them. My wife said you can go try.  The waitress responded "your not my mother". That was shocking but it gets better. The manager Matt corrected our tabs. Then we paid and he came back. Upon his return we asked him about the "mother" comment. His reply was that they see their staff as equals to the paying customers and the waitress felt insulted that we noticed she screwed up our tabs and requested that they be fixed. We were talking down to her and it was ok that she made the mother comment. Even my ultra relaxed friend (the owner of the other wrong tab) was pissed. It is the first time in my life that a manager of a restaurant told four of the seven people in the place he did not need their business. At that point I openly told Matt he sucked as a manager and we would not return. Matt must not know Slow Ride is across the street. It is rare that I get out to happy hour and get the wife to drive. Like Matt says our time and money are better spent across the street.
4	This place has a great variety of fish tacos and a nice patio to enjoy when the weather is nice.  My daughter particularly liked the couches outside. I got to relax for hours, drink a couple of tasty beers, and enjoy some fish tacos...no complaints there. The fish tacos tasted like they were on white corn tortillas, so had a nice mild flavor. We tried the mahi, tilapia, and shrimp tacos. The shrimp were easily my daughter's favorite.  They were good tacos, but not the best I've tasted. Ultimately, I will be back, beer in one hand , fish taco in the other.
2	Great environment and outdoor seating these limited spring days. Wonderful service but mediocre food. Enjoy drinks but skip the bland food.
4	This place is great! I've been several times now and it's becoming a favorite. On top of good food, the outdoor seating area is nice during the cooler months. I've tried the mahi and salmon tacos, the mahi is now my go to. The last two visits we split an ice cream sandwich lightly rolled in sea salt, wow! Delicious!
4	The Republic gave this place 4 stars and i agree.  Unique little place.  Food is fresh, service is good, and the patio is great too.  Went for lunch with my wife and we were impressed.  Two mahi tacos stuffed with mahi mahi and fresh mango for 7 bucks!  You would be hard pressed tonget street tacos at that price.  We had clam chowder for 3 dollars that was house made.  The chowder was excellent.  Go to Paradise Bakery for canned chowder and pay twice that price.  Also had the steamed clams.  We got two dozen clams in a bucket for 9 dollars!  They were fresh and sand free.I will be straight forward here.  This is the kind of place you'd find in a coastal town except the quantity is better.  If your looking for a casual, flip flop wearing locale to have awesome food and a cold Corona this is the place.  Local small business with fresh made food.  Highly recommended!Also, they have a solid selection of San Diego micro brews.
4	It's always good and well priced.
2	Chicken tacos....tasted like canned chicken ! It was dry & had NO flavor at all - not even a little salt or pepper. Tried adding the watery salsa but even that didn't make the chicken moist. And as for adding flavor the "salsa" was so hot that there was nothing to taste - just heat - and not in a good way.The tortillas were mushy, cold and falling apart.  They looked & tasted like they were just out the bag from walmart. The beans are most likely right from the can and not even drained -- just mushy, wet and again flavorless.The rice --- eh, not a lot of flavor and was still a little crunchy tasting.Mexacali Shrimp Cocktail....Flavor wasn't bad  but it was VERY watery and could have been a little more chunky with tomatoes. The shrimp at least tasted good though.Served with salty tortilla chips and several of those tasted stale.If this was a little more chunky it would do well in a bread bowl with the shrimp on the edge of the bread.
5	Cool hangout place and great food! My healthy recommendation is Ceviche Tostadas! I usually order 2 of each (2 Fish and 2 Shrimp) and I take the tostadas (shells) out. Lots of food for a good $. My kids love the fish and chips and clam chowder!
4	Short & SweetImpeccable fresh oysters!Great fried Shrimp!Good beer.Fresh, though simple salad.Ask for your fries "well done".I wish they had gelato for the perfect dessert.
5	I always prefer the Mom and Pop shops to anything from a chain.  This place is a perfect example of the reason why:1) Value: The prices here are more than fair.  We got out with our family of four for less than 35 bucks.2) Quality:  The fish was all beyond fresh. The garnishes and tortillas were the same.  Very fresh and very tasty.3) Service:  Casual and genuine.  The drinks never had a chance to get empty and the kids never had a chance to get bored waiting.  4) Taste:  I personally had the mahi tacos.  Wow!  They were jammed with fish and the mango salsa paired with them was fantastic.  This place is a must try.  Worth a drive if you aren't in the neighborhood.  My kind of food!
1	Didn't think it was that great. Over priced even for downtown Gilbert. Went by the owner but he didn't say anything or acknowledge.  I guess they don't need the repeat business.  Won't be back
4	We were in Gilbert yesterday and saw this little taco shop and thought we would give it a try. Fantastic! If we hadn't been so hot and tired, we would of sat outside - the patio looks so inviting. Husband had the fish and chips...he ate every last bite - so tasty. I had the scallop and chips - wow, fantastic! Loved the cocktail sauce - nice little bite to it. I am confused reading some of the reviews below...do they have 2 different chefs - one who knows how to cook fish and another who thinks they can cook fish? We had a great meal, the price was fantastic (7 and 8$), server was friendly and on top of everything, kept our drinks filled, checked on us several times and sent us out with to go cups of ice tea. Perfect.
4	The shark tacos were great. The slaw they put on the tacos is better than most baja mexican joints. I didn't like the ceviche. It wasn't bad, it just didn't wow me.
5	Food was terrific!  Service was fabulous.  Went for the first time and Ill definitely be coming back!
5	Best Fish Tacos around!!! owner is a true food fanatic and gets it as his family owns another High Quality Seafood Restaurant that has been around 25 plus years... Incredible Fish and Chips at a great price for a quick lunch!! best homemade cocktail sauce around!! great atmosphere and location!! always upbeat staff and treated very well and food is always prefect and ready to go on a phone call, walk in, or sit down meal!!! Highly recommended!!!! great chips and salsa and true  baja shrimp cocktails, along with a variety of other meals!!!!
4	Nice quaint location in downtown Gilbert. Limited indoor seating, has outdoor seating available, ample parking in public parking area behind the restaurant. Their menu is ample providing many choices. I tried their combo Mai and Blackened Grouper fish tacos, delicious and light fish, I wish the beans and rice was a larger serving. Overall good experience, great prices. Recommend highly if you like fish tacos.
4	The fish is good here and I like the outdoor patio area,  the atmosphere really  feels like you are in California!
4	Great happy hour Mon-Thurs from 3-6pm! Tacos average $2. I got the chicken and tilapia tacos, both were delicious but not to be outshined by the fish ceviche tostada for $2.50! Everything tastes remarkably fresh. Love the decor and outdoor patio. For a little while,  I forgot I lived in Arizona. I felt like I was eating at a establishment near the beach in California.
5	This is a great restaurant. The service is always good also.The patio is a special place to sit outside and eat. I've eaten here many times and never been disappointed!
4	The food was fantastic, very Baja Cali style but so tasty. The beers were ehh and the servers were friendly. Just a little pretentious...just a little. But seriously who cares with food that great. I would go during the day next time Bc the restaurant is as dim as a Hollister store and doesn't feel that inviting. But I'll def go there again.
5	Excellent prices and great food.  Had the cod tacos and chicken taquitos, finished off with a great handmade ice cream sandwich for dessert.  Great for lots of friends and families.  Sat out on the back patio under some umbrellas - middle of June in the Az and the umbrellas worked great.  Kids enjoyed it, finished their plates.  Loved this place!
5	Just ordered the Shrimp Tacos.  Service was great - the food came out quickly.  Food is awesome.  I don't normally like pinto beans but these are awesome!  I came for lunch - but I just told my wife I'd be down to go back for dinner! :)
5	There are two taco places on Gilbert Rd in close proximity and in my opinion this is the better of the two.  It is a kick back place where you get a bottle of beer and some great fish tacos. Nothing fancy about it but it is some of the best fish tacos I've had locally. The mahi mahi tacos are my favorite and you have to try the clam chowder as well.  My sister drives all the way from Phoenix to get their food.I noticed that they have happy hour and I haven't had a chance to try that yet but it is definitely on the list.
5	Great seafood and service! I dont leave reviews unless they justify my time. So Cal fits the bill. Good prices and nice ambience.
5	YumYumYUM! I've been here twice in two weeks, and it's so yummy. Joyride Fish Taco is across the street and is good too, but way more expensive than this place. Great prices, many options, and awesome tacos.The mahi mahi, grouper, and shrimp tacos all rock and are very flavorful. Tacos come with a small side of beans and rice and a salsa (I'm guessing homemade) that's spicy and awesome.
5	Cute boys & great food! The grouper fish tacos are AMAZING. I tried a few appetizers and wasn't disappointed. Overall great food for a good price.  Love.
5	Great servers... Very decent prices... Had clam chowder which was real treat... Fish and chips were pretty good... Would definitely come back..
5	Calamari was great, lobster taco was amazing and fish and chips were very good. Homemade cocktail sauce, tarter sauce and salsa all worth the trip alone.Awesome local joint with awesome food and a fun atmosphere.
5	Been wanting to try this place out for a while and so glad I finally did. The service was excellent, the food was excellent, and the menu is fairly priced. I ordered a Thresher Shark Taco, Lobster Taco and a shrimp taco with mussels to start SOOO Good!
4	Every time I've been here its been good!, I wasn't a fan of fish tacos really, but now I am! I love the salmon wrap they have a good potrion of fish in them.
5	The fish tacos are fresh and delicious, they are grilled so they have a lighter taste than the breaded and fried Mexican style fish tacos. The clam chowder is also fantastic!
1	Not impressed! Service was just 'OK'. Ordered a water and it tasted like chemicals. Ceviche was decent. My wife got horribly sick from her ahi tuna tacos. Had it coming out of both ends if you know what I mean! Won't be heading back there anytime soon.
5	I ate here last Saturday with the Fam bam. We all walked out raving about the food and what we were going to eat next time! I had the oyster po boy..yumm
4	Tiny place, but nice. Food was great (minus the salad). Service was a little slow. I ended up getting up and refilling my own drink. The waitress had a piercing in her arm that looked infected- a little gross. Should have been covered up, especially around food.  but she was nice. We had mahi tacos and chicken tacos and a small Caesar salad. The salad was HORRIBLE!  It tasted like acidy Italian dressing- lettuce, crumbled cheese, and tortilla strips and WAY too much dressing.  We WILL definitely go back for the TACOS. Pass on the salad. We've eaten at lulu tacos down the way- WAY over priced and greasy and joyride across the street- WAY WAY overpriced and weird foo foo tree hugger type food. This place was definitely the best by far!!!
4	Tacos are great. Service is good. Price is a little on the higher side.  Cod and Mahi Mahi are the best tacos I had so far. Tried the lobster tacos and they were not as good as the other ones. Don't ask for water probably the worst tasting water in the state. Filtering or something not sure why. Baja sauce is delicious.
3	The service was amazing but the food was mediocre. We ordered the mussels as an appetizer and it was delicious besides the fact that there was a soup of butter at the bottom of the bucket. I love seafood but covering them in butter is a sorry excuse for taste, personally. I ordered the beer battered mahi tacos, which were delicious and filling. My boyfriend ordered the tamale entree and it was an average tamale, nothing special. Portions were great, but the taste of the food was nothing special.
5	Cozy taco shop in the heart of downtown Gilbert. The tacos here are fresh and tasty. While it wasn't too busy when we went so I can't really judge the service was great too!
5	Freshest seafood in AZ!   Everything made fresh.  Great menu. Great atmosphere.   You need to make this a regular spot if you haven't already!!!
4	The chicken tortilla soup was excellent...big pieces of rotisserie chicken and a light, flavorful broth. The shrimp Caesar salad was good but boring. Fresh and crisp romaine with perfectly cooked shrimp, but there was no seasoning on the shrimp and nothing in the salad but cojita cheese and tortilla strips and too much dressing. I would have loved some big slices of avocado...after all it is a SoCal restaurant! I'll try tacos next time unless they make their salads a little more flavorful. Also strange that you pay a waitress to bring you a drink from a fountain that is right in front of you. I like being served at a restaurant, but if you choose to dine in it would be nice to at least have real glassware and silverware instead of plastic.
5	Excellent seafood!! The mahi tacos are my favorite!!
1	Went to go in for our first time and it was really bad. The rice was cold and hard. Then beans looked like they were poured straight out of the can. Nothing was hot/warm. Bad quality over all.
5	Best date night while in town. Amazing prices and even better food! Service was outstanding and the staff super-friendly. Margaritas were great, peel and eat shrimp were outstanding and the oysters with the atomic uber-good horseradish and beer battered fish tacos left us wanting more. Whenever we visit Gilbert we'll come visit!
4	Great Cod Tacos!!! Took my wife and son here for the first time and we were not disappointed. I never had fish tacos but was glad I had them. You get two tacos with a small side of rice and pinto beans. Not a fan of the beans, rice was good. I would rather have three tacos and skip the sides. If you want to sit indoors, then come early. Only a few tables inside. Lots of very nice out door seating. My wife and son had the clam chowder. My son liked it but my wife loves a thicker chowder. {Best chowder is at Pismo beach Calif at Brads fish and chips at the pier} Still she finished it. Overall we will be back to scarf down some more tacos, Woo Hoo!
5	Ok, This is a follow up visit. We were here about a week ago, came back today for lunch, you know to see if first visit was a fluke........and it was no fluke. I had the same delicious Cod tacos, my wife had the fish and chips and we also had the crab cakes. I don't really care for anything but fish, so I tried the crab cakes, and boy, these were GREAT! My wife loved them too. She loved her fish, and I loved her fish as well, we share, and our server, she was so nice to us, we sat outside in the heat and it was very nice!. We are now going to be regular customers. I Give this place a big "Woo Hoo" again!
1	Horrible Experience! The first time I came in there me and the bf didn't know what to order we wanted fish tacos we told the waitress, so we order this combo plate. 5 mins later our waitress tells us there is happy hour at 6 and fish tacos are one dollar. um you couldnt of told us to wait five mins? The soup I ordered had something metal in it, actually swallowed it! A small Soda was $2.50 little much since half of it was ice. Every time after that that I came I never had a good experience; food took forever, bad bad customer service. I gave up on this place!!
4	Great food, service and atmosphere.  I had the salmon tacos and daughter had tortilla soup. Glad we tried it out. When it's cooler out we'll sit outside.
5	Can't get enough of the shrimp tacos.  So good.  The rice and beans are awesome too.
5	Just had dinner on the back patio. It was simply terrific. It's a great chill vibe and great service. We tried a lot of the items. We had clam chowder, crab cakes, tacos, fish and chips, and ceviche.  I didn't try one thing I didn't like. It was understated deliciousness and I will be coming back!
4	Finally got around to visiting this place and it was better than expected. Saturday night and the place was full - for good reason. Nice fresh blue point oysters on the half shell, steamed clams ( steamed in broth which was almost better than the clams!). Fish ceviche - tasty, fresh - actually got one to go. Tamale del Mar with pablanos - didn't overwhelm the seafood. All the sides - slaw, beans, rice weren't swimming in whatever sauce which made them stand out for their own taste. Definitely will revisit - have to try the tacos next time! Don't know why we didn't but all the other items looked great and were great.
5	My new FAVORITE restaurant! Thinking about the food makes my mouth salivate. Being that I was born in southern CA and have had fish tacos that are amazing, these ones have really become my favorite! Tried the mahi tacos and shrimp ceviche...delicious! I can't imagine anything not tasting like heaven from here! Well done!
1	Well apparently if you order food or drinks 10 min before happy hour ends...your out of luck. You see...per the Manager that was on duty(younger gal, glasses, brown hair, ponytail, very rude)...So Cal's clock onthe register is 10 min ahead. So...that's the customers problem why????? I was absolutely in shock. My husband and I brought our 2 friends that day to show them how great this place was and this happened.   Not like we all just rolled in at 5:55....we already were there for over an hour and ordered lots of food/drinks. Oh yea...also 6 mini Coronas turned into 5. Took 20 min to get the 6th Corona. Oh and...menu says 3 rolled tacos on HH...we were brought 2. Menu changed and we were never told. So Cal...you just lost 4 customers.
3	Best of Phx is far more experienced but my experience was poor today at around 3 Pm.There was one other customer during my visit so it was not that they are rushed.Considering there were seven people who appear to be connected and a decent amount of seating indoors and out My guess is my one visit is inconsequential. The two or three oz of clam strips were fairly tasteless and overfried.The sangria was expensive for a small platix cup much of which was ice and not good. My two tacos with a tiny amount of rice and beans was one for four.The two tablespoons of beans were good. The rice was poor and the Mahi Taco & Thresher Taco were close to tasteless. For $24 including tip it was not worth the drive.
4	Really enjoyed going here for dinner.  I had fish tacos with rice and beans and the hubby had fish fry plate. We shared and it all tasted great. Good service too.
5	Loved it! Had clam chowder, chicken tortilla soup, coconut shrimp, lobster tacos, ahi tacos, and sangria all of it was delicious! The inside was small but cute. The patio is bigger and inviting! Our server was fantastic! We will be back!
4	Food was great.  Loved the outdoor seating.  Kids were happy.  Will definitely return.
4	This place gets better every time we come.  Fresh ingredients, generous portions and a great vibe.  Try the beer battered lobster tacos if they have them. The salmon and Maui tacos are also a must.
4	My husband was craving fish & chips and being from SoCal, we decided to stop here for dinner with the kids.  It turned out to be a great idea.  We tried the calamari fries, chicken tortilla soup, clam chowder, fish & chips, shrimp & chips, and several different types of fish tacos.  Everything was delicious! We definitely felt like we were back in SoCal enjoying a meal by the beach.  The staff was helpful and friendly too.  It was extremely cold outside and the wait inside would be awhile, so they suggested we sit outside on the patio and they would turn on the heat lamps for us.  We weren't quite sure that sounded like a good idea but decided to give it a try.  It turned out great.  Not only did they move heat lamps to both sides of our table to make sure we were warm, but we had the whole patio to ourselves...and what a nice patio it was! We are excited to have found a great little spot not too far from home for the occasions when we are craving seafood.
