4	i have gone to Cutting Image about three times so far and I will continue to go back. i also go to mariana to get my hair cut and she does a phenomenol job, one of the best cuts i have ever had. i have payed over $60 for a haircut and this is still the best hair cut, i love it. don't be scared by the minimalist interior (i know i was when i first arrived)
4	I moved to Charlotte in January, and here it was October, and I was still heading to Richmond every time I needed my hair cut. I was afraid to change stylists.  I have short hair, and if it's not done right, I'm left looking like a fat school boy from the 1960s .  I needed to commit to someone closer to home. So, in an effort to prove my love and trust of Yelp, I made the leap, and chose Cutting Image Salon based solely on Yelp reviews.  I made a hair appointment with Mariana, since 2 Yelpers had reviewed her so highly. I got an appointment for 2 days from when I called, which I thought was great.  I arrived, and even though I had to wait a little bit (less than 10 min), I was glad I got to see the haircut before me leave--it was adorable!  What a relief!Mariana is as adorable as the hairstyles she creates! She is very spunky, and was able to size up what I was looking for pretty quickly.  I left looking and feeling fantastic, and so did my wallet!  This was one of the cheapest haircuts I have ever gotten at the low price of $25-30 (I also bought product, so I am not exactly sure).  I have already scheduled my next appointment.  After having the cut for a week or so now, I still find it easy to style.
5	Right next door to Sushi 101, and they accept walk-ins.  Men's cuts are $20.  That's inexpensive compared to other salons around town and if you're tired of getting your hair botched with random experiences at lower end barbers and cutterys it's worth the upgrade.  Remember to tip 15 to 20% especially when going to a salon.  Just like at a restaurant, the person who takes care of you will definitely appreciate it and you still haven't spent the base price at higher end salons.  And I haven't experienced a friendlier atmosphere anywhere.
4	Thanks to fellow Yelpers, I gave this salon and Mariana a try for my long-overdue haircut.  Before I start repeating a lot of what others have already said, readers of this review should put some stock in the consistency of the four, now five reviews of this salon and this stylist.  Five different people over the course of six months have all had good experiences here!Salon is located just a couple of doors down from the Polka Dot Bakery (not one of my favorites!) and close to Total Wine.  Easy access from Park Road and Woodlawn Road and plenty of free parking.  Decor is minimalist and today was apparently Latin music day - energetic and happy and I couldn't understand a word of it.Mariana's service was outstanding!  The shampoo was the most relaxing I've ever had in a salon.  Don't tell the management, but they could sell that service alone and charge for it!  Mariana took her time with the cut to make sure it was done just right and to my liking.  She even asked how much or how little I want to fuss with my hair every day - the answer made an impact on exactly how she did the cut.  Who wouldn't want great results with low daily maintenance?Because of an earlier Yelp comment, I came prepared to pay the tip in cash.  But when I was presented with my credit card charge slip to sign, there was a space to add the tip to the credit card so perhaps this has now changed.I like this salon and I really like this stylist!  So go (they take walk ins) and go often.  I want them to stay in business.  I was a little scared because at 12 noon on a Monday, Mariana and I were the only ones in the place!  She did say the place had been a zoo over the holidays so perhaps it was just my timing.  Price for shampoo, cut and blow dry style was $30 plus a tip - very reasonable for Charlotte.
5	Thank you, thank you Yelpers for recommending Cutting Image Salon and Mariana!!  I have not had my hair cut in over a year and so naturally, I was very nervous about getting it chopped off by a stranger.  But, Mariana was awesome!  She helped me relax and we had a nice, casual conversation while she went to work on my hair.  11 inches later....I have a new rockin' haircut and a new permanent stylist.  She made it look effortless and all I had to do was tell her what I wanted (some layers) and what I didn't want (too short, boyish haircut).  She didn't go overboard and didn't force me into a style I didn't want.  Long story short, she is great and I recommend her and this salon to anyone looking for a new stylist and a snazzy haircut.  Prices are so, so reasonable ($25 for cut and style, plus tip) and no one will ever know you didn't spend a ridiculous amount at an overpriced, Uptown salon.  Works for me!
5	Cutting Image salon is one of the best salons I've been to in forever.  The atmosphere of the salon is fun and friendly and all of the stylists seem to get along great.They made a same day appointment for me even though I wanted a cut and color which surprised me quite a bit.  Once I got there I told Sarah R. that she could have complete creative license my only requirements were that my hair be black, easy to manage, and rock.  The hair cut was exactly what I was looking for and the color turned out perfect.  Sarah took the time to get my hair just right.  I think I've found my permanent salon.
5	I was in Charlotte for a wedding and my mom and I wanted to have our hair washed & blown out beforehand. Thanks to yelp I found Cutting Image and was so excited to go! Sarah and Liz did a great job. We received many compliments and our hair withstood the day's humidity. Sarah even gave me a few tips I could use at home...all for $20! Thank you, yelpers!
5	I went to Mariana last month for a cut and have been meaning to give her a rave review. I only trust a very limited number people with my hair, and Mariana has joined the ranks. She listens to what you want and delivers an amazing style. And so reasonably priced.
5	My mom and I were looking for a new place to get our hair cut but most places were outrageously expensive, so I tried this place based on the reviews. We went to Liz and she did a great job on both of our cuts. It was a moderate price, but it was worth it! I'll be going back (:
1	Closed down. The all stars at this salon started their own place. Go to LoLo Salon over inside Sola Salons. They are the best!Loved Marianna. Basic interior, not an aveda salon, but the people! They are fantastic. Can't say enough great things about the staff, they are well trained and so personable. I was a wimp on going short after growing my hair out for years, and Marianna was a perfect hairdresser in letting me try my style at one length first and then come back for a tweak after I wanted to go shorter. I recommend! I've now been a repeat client even though I live in Concord.
4	Everyone was SO nice and Q did a great job on my hair. Would totally recommend Cutting Image to anyone looking to get a good deal on a really nice cut.
5	This was a wonderful experience. My stylist was awesome and really cared about what I wanted. I have to get my hair colored and I am looking to go back to have that done as well. Thanks yelp for the recommendations!
4	I had my hair cut by Mariana and she did a great job.  I have extremely fine hair and she did her best to give it some life.  She listened to me talk about what I was trying to achieve longer than any stylist ever has.  She also gave me some good tips as she was styling.  She was very nice, talkative and happy so it made for a good experience.  Plus it didn't break the bank.  I already booked my next appointment!
4	I've been to Cutting Image twice (for a men's cut) and am enjoying it so far.  Pricing is moderate and the stylists are well-trained, both of mine attended Aveda.  I noticed they are very careful when cutting my hair in order to make sure the job is done right.  I enjoy the salon perks like hair wash and nice environment (most guy haircut places are not like that).  I'm looking forward to many more good cuts here in the future.
4	First time going to a place that gives you a beverage while you get your haircut, nice touch.  One of the best haircuts I've had in a while, and the price was decent.  My stylist took her time and made sure everything was the way I wanted it, I didn't feel rushed like I do at the cheap-o salons.  I'll be back next time I need a cut.
4	Went today for a haircut.In looking at my previous reviews, noticed that their pricing is the same as it was in January 2009 - almost 2 years ago.I appreciate a business that understands a bad economy affects their customers as much as it does them - and works extra hard to hold the line on their prices.Thank you Cutting Image and Mariana!BTW, you can now put the tip on your credit card, no need to have cash on hand.
5	Ok I have to give this place 5 stars.  Well I did come on a non busy day or afternoon. They were still friendly. This was my first time at this shop. Instead of going to ur average black stylist, I tried something different with the encouragement from my husband. I wasn't as pleased with my stylist but she is a great person. I also wanted a stylist close by. So Cutting Image now known as Image Salon Parktowne LLC was my lucky choice.  As a black female I was scared to see how they would do my hair. But Mariana rocked it. She looked at the photo once n knew exactly how I wanted it cut n styled. She was friendly and very personable. I def recommend her to anyone! She had me in and out within an hour and a half. My FORMER stylist wouldve had me in there for atleast 3 hrs and that is unacceptable especially with someone with triplets.  So thank you Mariana. Thank you.
4	I was very pleased with my color and cut done by one fabulous Ms. AJ. She was knowledgeable, efficient, a good conversationalist AND made my hair look healthier than it has in several months. The salon itself was clean, modern and the staff was friendly. I highly recommend this place...one last note...I'm visiting from  LA and a cut and color there would run you a mere $130 easily. I left today looking and feeling good for only $60!
5	So, I came here just because of all the previous reviews and boy - I AM SURE GLAD I CHECKED YELP!I got Liz to do my hair (I have thick shoulder length hair) and I've been getting compliments on it ever since. Since I'm trying to grow my hair out, she asked if she could "Dry cut" my hair - I said of course since she's the expert! Not only was she so pleasant and nice, but professional and really knew her stuff. She not only took alot of weight out of my hair but she actually listened to my concerns, limitations and goals! Really refreshing after the past few stylists I've tried. I came out 40minutes later a happy camper, and the dry cut only cost me $25!  Amazing considering I was thinking it would be at least $45, and that'd still be a deal for the quality! :) They gave me some referral cards to give out and I've already handed them all to friends and neighbors. Liz is the best!
5	Went back to Liz and she was awesome again. I tried to cut my hair because it was in my face and it was a nightmare. She straightened it out and cut it how I wanted. I'm yet to have a bad experience, still the best salon around Charlotte.
5	I went here monthly for about 3 years until I moved north this summer.  Mariana always did a great job with both cut and color, and Sarah gives the best perms I've EVER had.  They both do a great job at listening and getting me in and out of there quick and well priced.  I wish I still lived close I haven't found anyone as good as these two yet.
5	Like many of you, I came here because of all the Yelp reviews. I'm new to town and had NO idea where to go. I heard about one of the "Level 3" stylists from this site, but she was booked. So I went with a "Level 2" stylist with a little hesitation. They asked if I wanted a drink- red wine or otherwise- and I assumed it would have cost a ton, but then realized it was complimentary. Anything complimentary is a start to a good business relationship with new customers, for sure.There weren't any awkward stylist/customer surface conversations- and paired with the glass of wine and a perfect cut, I was completely satisfied. I also got a substantial discount because their hot water wasn't working at the time and I didn't get a wash- which is totally fine with me. I'm definitely sold on this place and I'll be coming back for my next cut!
2	i have to admit I am pretty sad after my first few times here. I went over the holidays and found that the place was bought out. They changed the prices which was uncomfortable at the end. The stylists are still there but it was just different. Of course we all know you choose a salon based on the stylist not the place but after paying a great price I am not interested in the price hike. sorry :(
5	This place stacks up to its' rating! I decided to come here because of the great reviews by all the Yelpers! Liz was available (Level 3) so I went with her. She was willing to cut it however I wanted but had no problem with me giving her no direction. I trust ya! Liz and the other stylists were super friendly and had no problem gabbing it up!If you want a beer or glass of wine during your cut, no problem. I'll be back, already scheduled appt! Make sure if you want your stylist, schedule in advance!
3	I feel bad, I really wanted to love this place so that I would have a great low cost option for my stupidly thick hair.  But alas, that was not meant to be.I went with the level 2 stylist I think.  She was very nice and she seemed to really understand what I needed in a cut and highlights but the end result didn't really match up.  And honestly I have never had a blow out in a salon that looked like a child did it.  The girl told me she wanted to dry my hair before she cut it, which I was okay with.  However, she basically took a flat brush and just kept brushing it with the blow dryer near it.  No round brush was used and she never fixed it after the cut so I had to go home and try and curl it with a brush and a curling iron.  It just looked so weirdly straight but poufy.  It was bad.The cut itself was okay.  I had her cut bangs which I haven't had since I was a pre-teen.  They came out pretty good but maybe needed to be a little shorter.The highlights were not great.  They looked a tad brassy and she mentioned having to use toner and stuff so I got charged a little extra.  It helped to lighten my hair up when I wear it down, but if I have it in a ponytail it still looks dark.Overall I liked paying $100 less than I do at other places.  But I think I will keep looking elsewhere for a new go to salon.
5	This place is small, but with plenty of space--busy, but never rushed--chatty and I guess there's music, but you don't have to shout over music or the other stylists. I love that.  I found Liz on Yelp and gladly pay the Level 3, $45 for a fine technical haircut. She is totally solid on the architecture of the cut. (I'd never try to save $10 by going with a level 2 stylist, if you have difficult or unforgiving hair, or need repairs from a bad cut.) Plus, she is one great person. She is going for Vidal Sassoon training in Santa Monica, and I just hope I can afford her in a couple of years... One thing I love is that she listens to me---but not completely! That dumb thing that won't work, she just somehow doesn't do... And two days later I'm so glad she didn't--quite--give me what I wanted--before I knew better...cuz my hair looks great. And in the past when I "back seat drove" my haircut it always came out disastrous.The other stylists also look quietly competent and I've never seen a bad job go out of there.
4	I decided to try Cutting Image because of all the great reviews on Yelp. I went with a level 1 stylist because she was available the same day I called to make my appointment.  I've tried level 1 stylists in other salons before with great results, so I wasn't apprehensive at all.I told the stylist I wanted a wash and a cut.  She asked if I minded if she dry cut my hair first.  I've never had a hair cut that was completely done dry (usually, the perimeter is cut wet and the rest is cut dry), but I went with it.  She flat ironed the hell out of my hair and then proceeded to cut.  When she was done she said that she would wash my hair if I really wanted her too (to be honest, it seemed like she was trying to talk me out of getting my hair washed).  My hair was so stick straight and flattened to my head there was no way I was walking in public looking like that, so I told her that I did want my hair washed, but I did tell her not to use the flat iron.  I didn't expect to come out looking like I should be in a Pantene commercial, but I also didn't expect that I would look like Scully from season 1 of X-Files (wavy, but in a bad 90s way).   But you may ask, how was the cut?  I came in with a lightly layered bob that had grown out and came out with....not that.  I did tell the stylist that the bottom had gotten too bulky, but the layers are now too short. I will admit, that's probably my fault for not telling her I wanted to keep the bob.  But there is this one hank of hair that will not blend in with the rest no matter what I do to it.Bottom line.  I'll probably try it again, but with a more experienced stylist.Updated 07/08/13I hadn't had my hair professionally cut since January, and my hair was a hot mess (me + boredom + wine + hair shears = disaster). Since it's close to my office, and I was desperate, I decided to bite the bullet and try Cutting Image again. I am absolutely thrilled with the results.This time my appointment was with Rachel, a Master Stylist. During the consultation, I felt like she really listened to me and understood the problems I was having with my hair. She took her time cutting (almost an hour), wanting to find a solution to fixing my choppy (self-inflicted) layers without sacrificing the length. She also took the bulkiness of bottom of my hair without giving me the inverted triangle look (which is what happens 95% of the time). Today was the first day I've tried styling it myself. I was running late this morning, so I had to half-ass it, but it still came out looking great. I will definitely be coming back to see Rachel in the future..
5	My job responsibilities have recently expanded to include a lot more client interaction, so when hair cut time rolled around, I decided that it was time to abandon Supercuts and get a real haircut somewhere.  Of course, I turned to Yelp to help me find such a haircut. I was initially skeptical of Cutting Image's high rating and many reviews, but upon seeing that the feedback was mostly from real people and not orange-heads, I was encouraged to proceed.As you can probably guess from my rating (and I try not to hand out 5-star reviews too casually), it was an impressive experience.  I made an appointment with a level 2 stylist, and while walk-ins are welcome, I'd recommend that you do the same, since they tend to get busy.  The receptionist was pleasant and made small talk with me after she offered me a complementary beer or glass of wine.  I didn't accept the drink, but I thought it was a nice gesture of appreciation.I ended up seeing Amber, and I'll definitely go back to her.  I have difficult hair: it's not especially coarse, but it grows very thick, so a bad haircut tends to leave me looking like a red-headed dandelion gone to seed.  Amber took her time, judged each section of hair before she cut it, and produced a great result.  Comparing it to other haircuts I have had at cheap chains, I can definitely tell the difference.  It wasn't shockingly expensive, either.I realize that this review is pretty glowing, but I'm not being paid off. Promise.  Cutting Image was just a great experience.
5	Went and got my first haircut at a different place and it sucked.  Thank god for yelp because Amber is a goddess with the snippity snaps.  Im glad to have such a great person giving me some of the best haircuts i have ever had.AMBER YOU FRIGGIN RULE!
5	OK, so I was looking for a place to get my hair cut in Charlotte, and I found this page - a lot of good stuff about this place, so I went, and it's completely true.Amber was great, and I'll be a return customer!
5	Quiet and relaxed atmosphere, friendly and talented staff.  Got a great cut, for a great price!
5	My experience with hair salons over the years has consisted of many, many first dates that went nowhere and much too much time coming home to do my own repair work after a butchered haircut. I was beginning to lament that Charlotte was not home to a single stylist that could cut more than grass when I was recommended to try Cutting Image and all my problems were solved!Let my start by saying my hair is weird to deal with. It has a natural curl that I actively suppress, it's coarse and busy, it grows thick instead of long, and there's starting to be less and less of it on the front. If it sounds like the stuff stylists' nightmares are made of, that's because it is. I assume it's also why many stylists before didn't know what to do (or didn't care to try).But Sarah at Cutting Image is a miracle worker who spent the time on my first visit doing a thorough consultation, getting to know me and my hair and what I've liked in the past and what I haven't.  She created a cut that worked perfectly for me and I can't imagine seeing anyone else now.  I was very impressed by the professionalism of the entire staff and the kindness they show everyone who comes through the door. During my last visit, when I arrived they were pretty slow - in the mirror I could see another stylist using a mannequin head to practice a style in her downtime, instead of the cellphone/magazine/eating I've seen in every other salon I've tried.  No wonder the ladies here are so good - they care about what they do!And yes, as others have said, it's not the $15 haircut most places offer, but you get every penny's worth that you pay for and I would recommend Cutting Image to anyone.
5	Absolutely amazing experience for me. I saw Tiffany, who did a fantastic job cleaning up my hair.  Not only was the haircut great, the ambience and the space was relaxing, friendly and professional
4	My boyfriend and I are new to the area.  We were looking for a good and affordable salon. Found Cutting Image on Yelp and thought we'd try it out. We had a great service and consultation. They made us feel like they knew us and what we wanted. I can't wait for my next appointment.
5	I haven't reviewed here in a while but the good news is that it's still awesome. I now go to both Sarah and Liz depending on when they're working. I've already said that Liz does a perfect job, but Sarah is also really really great. Both of them really understand my vague descriptions of what I want and I never leave disappointed. Everyone here is really welcoming and prices are still good. I did have a somewhat strange experience here on the Monday following Christmas. I went in to get my bangs trimmed. I made an appointment with one person and ended up getting an entirely different person cutting it. The place also only had 2 people working, both of whom I didn't recognize and it seemed to be kind of disorganized. The girl that cut my hair didn't really seem to know what she was doing, but she did a decent job and only charged $5. Overall, I still left with around what I wanted so this wasn't a problem.
5	Love love love it!! Sarah helped me a ton with my gloomy, oily, dry hair and turned my hair into shiny, clean, sexy hair! I'm so happy and I sexier as a woman. Their prices are not bad at all. A haircut, style, and was was $35 but a got a PH balance which was $10 so my total spending came to $45. Not bad for a Charlotte price ;)
5	When it comes to salons, I'm very non-committal. My typical routine includes flattering small-talk, vague instructions, half-hearted approval, zooming home, and self-trimming for the next few days... It's a hard cycle to break. Cutting Image was my most recent fling, and I was pleasantly surprised. My stylist was Amber, a very unassuming that was a little demanding when it came to my vagaries, which I liked! Be tough, stylists! Make me tell you what I want!  My pleasure was confirmed while at a stop light the other day. I heard a woman shouting and found I was the recipient. She wanted to know where I got my haircut :) That's a first, but I expect not the last, Cutting Image.
5	This is by far the best hair salon that I have ever been to...and I am VERY picky when it comes to my hair!!  Sarah Roger has given me the best haircuts (consistently!) that I have ever had!  I now look forward to getting my haircut, knowing that my hair is going to look fabulous and be exactly what I want, and then some!  I just can't say enough good things about Sarah...she is VERY talented at doing hair!!  Also, the price is definitely right at this salon...you get a whole lot of awesome for an affordable price! :)
5	Sarah is by far the best stylist in Charlotte.  After trying out many salons (who charged an arm and a leg) for cuts and color, I am so glad I finally found this one.  Sarah makes sure you are completely happy with everything before you leave and really strives to make the customer happy.  LOVE SARAH!!
5	I came to Cutting Image because I wanted to go from brown to blonde and my friend recommended Liz. Liz was completely booked up for weeks, but I ended up going with Elizabeth Rausch (I think that's how you spell her name.)Anyway, I have had my hair colored in the past at another salon, and my hair was a kind of icky yellow color. Elizabeth asked lots of questions about what I wanted and what I had done to my hair in the past. I emphasized that I wanted my blonde highlights to be white blonde, not yellow/orange/brassy at all. My worst fear is walking out of a salon with orange-yellow hair!Elizabeth completely delivered. I had all-over highlights, and I got a great deal. I paid less than I did at the other salon to have a junior stylist color my hair yellow, and I came out with beautiful white highlights. I am excited to go back a couple more times so that my hair will be even blonder. I also had a trim, which was fine... nothing dramatic, just an inch taken off.In the past, I have always worried so much about going blonde because I fear brassy hair, but in just one try, I got the white blonde that I was looking for. The overall experience was comfortable, positive, and I am very pleased with the service and value that I got. Try to bring a cash tip if possible, but they do accept tips on a credit card as well. I recommend this salon in general, and Elizabeth in particular!
5	I know I write a crazy amount of reviews about this place, but it really is so great. I have bangs that grow out fast so I constantly need them trimmed. Liz has been really great to work me in on busy days and give my bangs a quick trim when they need them. At other salons, I've had to come in for a full haircut when I wanted my bangs fixed and I usually had to make an appointment way in advance. I really appreciate how willing they are to work with you here and they always do a fantastic job.
5	Liz cut my hair a few months ago and it has been the best hair cut I've ever had in my entire adult life. She took a lot of time to talk to me about the texture and thickness of my hair, what I was looking for with my cut and why I didn't like my last hair cut at a different salon. She seemed very knowledgeable about hair. I was very happy with my cut and will definitely be going back there soon.
4	I have been seeing Sarah lately and see does a great job on my hair.  She always has tips for helping out my limp and helpless hair.  I've seen her 3 times now and will keep going back.  I especially like how it isn't super expensive.
5	I have lived in Charlotte, NC for four years after moving her from Southern California. It has been a trial and error process trying to find a great salon. Most of the ones I have been to are fair to average. This place is fantastic! Amber took me in for a cut with a one day prior appointment. She listened carefully, used her good eye, was pleasant and gave me the best cut I have had in North Carolina for a good price. No upselling or pushiness. I will be going back soon. I found my salon and so did my daughter, Karen, who had Sarah as a stylist who was equally great!
5	Best salon around!  This place is incredible, it's a comfortable salon and the staff is awesome.  I saw Liz E. and got the best hair cut and color I have had outside of NYC.  She is a sweetheart and we had so much fun.  Oh and they have wine.
5	Great service and reasonable prices which is really hard to find in Charlotte.Sarah rocks!
5	Diana B. I moved to Charlotte from S. Fl in July 2012. I had been with the same hair dresser in Fl for a decade. So its safe to assume I like to find someone I like and stick with them. I searched Yelp and found Cutting Image Salon.... (searching Yelp was the advice of my previous hair dresser). Anyway, I chose to see Elizabeth as my stylist and I chose RIGHT!!! I have a grey coverage issue that has to be "delt-with" every 4 to 5 weeks.I loved the color my colorist in Florida had chosen for me.... I was hopeful to find close to the same... and I DID. I have been extremely happy with Elizabeth's professionalism, knowledge of her industry and of hair color. I've had one hair cut and also LOVED it.  Plus, she's just a nice person. So, if you're searching for a good hair stylist in Charlotte I strongly suggest you try the Cutting Image Salon, easy to find, centrally located.... ASK for ELIZABETH. You'll love her, I promise !!!! :)
4	Attention : Girl who's suffered years of "What do I do with this mess on my head" may have found her solution.Also long as I've been alive I've been mixed, and as such I have been 'blessed' with thick naturally curly hair that I never knew what to do with. I've chemically straightened, I've hot ironed/flat iron, and I more often than not just go NATURAL. This is the best way to keep your hair healthy.I first had looked at reviews on Yelp after finding some places to get my hair on Google. I saw the Cutting Image had some good things going on. I can't remember who my first visit was with, but it was over the summer.When I cam back around December I got my hair cut with Mariana Ruiz and level 3 stylist. She was GREAT, she gave my hair the much needed attention it deserved. Not only did she cut it, but she blew it out straight to make sure it was 100% even. So I got a blow out and a hair cut - $50. Yes thank you.I'm going back this Saturday for highlights with Mariana, I'll be sure to Yelp about the experience maybe 5 STARS in their future. This will the first time in over 5 years I had professional color done. Give Cutting Image a try! Nice friendly staff, good hours and location!P.S - You get free wine, beer, or sodas while you wait or during your appointment! Woo!
5	Up in Wisconsin, I have a stylist for 12 years before I started working for her. I will do or die by her. She said crooked bangs is in then I will rock it with great pride because she said so. So when I moved here. I need that same great stylist. It took me a minute with quite a few horrible cuts/colors before I finally found Mariana at Cutting Image Salon 2 years ago... She's sassy, funny as hell and has a I'm a bad girl but can flip a switch in a heartbeat way about her... Which fits my personalities perfectly... She knows her stuff. She knows my hair. And she embraced all my crazy ideas each and every time I come in. Whatever my idea may be that day she adjusted it to fit my type of coarse hair and I look like a rock star that I am when she's done with me. At one point after I started my own business, money is tight but she still managed to have me look like a million bucks within my budget. I hope this review doesn't make her too popular because it will be hard to book with her then. As for Cutting Image.. They are on point. Liz the salon manager/stylist is great. She gets me in and knew who I am when I called. Thanks to caller I.d. When I'm unsure and is unable to speak to Mariana, Liz gave me great alternatives and good suggestions... That salon runs like a well oiled machine. They call you 2 days prior to your appt and never have a problem with changing your appt(s) which I do often. I thank Mariana, Liz and the wonderful creative team of Cutting Image. I look great and will definitely be back...
4	I just moved to Charlotte from New York City and though I've never been particularly loyal to any stylist in my life, decided that it was time to start finding my 'everything' here in Charlotte.  I searched Yelp and saw this place had good reviews and best of all, I read on the website that their motto was "NYC style at NC prices."  Exactly what I was looking for!It may be the biased New Yorker in me, but Cutting Image was exactly what I wanted.  Friendly and professional service at affordable pricing.  I was able to get an appointment with a master stylist Elizabeth the same day I called and walked right in and out with a hairstyle I absolutely adore.  I even splurged on getting a conditioning treatment for $10.  I ended up paying $60 for my haircut which is way more than what I used to spend, but I think it was worth the money.To cut my costs, I'll probably go for a more junior stylist next time and hope to be back in a few months when my hair is long enough to do something exciting!
5	I've always been the guy that went to the closest place around and didn't care if it was an old joint that reeked of talcum powder or a chain like Supercuts, when I needed a haircut I just went and never made a big deal about it. After years of inconsistent haircuts that were never the same and never had any personality, I started looking for a real stylist. After going here for the past few months, I couldn't be more satisfied. My hair is short, easy to maintain but hard to style, but Amber gets it right every time no matter how I want it cut. Fellas, take a chance and say goodbye to generic barber shops. Get your swag back like I did.
5	I just moved to Charlotte from Maryland a few months ago and, before today, the same hairstylist had cut and colored my hair for the past 6 years. To say I was nervous about going somewhere new would be an understatement, but my experience at Cutting Image Salon was wonderful. When I called earlier this week, I talked to Elizabeth Rausch and told her what I was looking to do. She confidently told me she was very capable and had an opening on Friday. I was sold. When I got to the salon this morning, Elizabeth asked me what I wanted to do and listened to what I wanted to avoid, but I could tell she had a pretty good idea of what would work. Two hours later, which flew by because she's super easy to talk to, I was leaving with beautiful natural highlights, hardly any length cut off (thank god for a hairstylist that actually listens to you when you say you want to keep the length!!) and healthy hair. I will definitely be going back!
5	I had some of the best highlights from Tiffany.  I was actually there a few months ago on business and found this salon.  I wish I could get my hair done there on a regular basis!  I remembered to write my review after checking out the skunk line I have down my part from the terrible highlights done yesterday by a salon here where I live.  The highlights I got from Tiffany were a great mixture of lowlights and highlights that blended beautifully. I'd highly recommend this place and the price was much more affordable then some of the other salons I considered.
4	I've been seeing Sarah for a little over a year now and love how personable and unpretentious she and the rest of the staff are. Several of my girlfriends see her and I even have my husband coming here for his haircuts now! I'm very low key with my curly hair and don't want to pay $60+ for a haircut so this place fits the bill, yet I don't feel like the quality of the cut is sacrificed.
3	I needed a haircut, so I figured I would give this place a try. I called and made an appointment with a master stylist for the next day. My appointment time was 1pm. I arrived right on time and checked in. The first thing I noticed was that the receptionists (there were two of them) weren't super friendly. If I didn't walk up to the counter and tell them who I was and who I was there to see, I don't think they would have acknowledged me. I sat in the waiting area and proceeded to read a magazine. I watched the time and noticed that 1:10 passed by, then 1:20 passed by, and then it was 1:30. The receptionists were busy chatting with each other and didn't seem to notice how long I was waiting for my appointment. There were people who walked in with no appointment and got a stylist within 10 minutes of being there. I know I requested a master stylist, but I figured making an appointment would mean I would be seen at that time. Finally at 1:30 I asked the receptionist how much longer I would have to wait. She quickly replied, "Just a few more minutes" with a half smile. It sounded like an automatic response with no proof to back it up. I sat back down and didn't have a stylist come see me until 1:40.As for the haircut, it was fine. The stylist asked me what I wanted and seemed to genuinely care about pleasing me. I enjoyed talking to her and listening to her hair styling tips. If I was basing my review just on the haircut, I would give a higher rating. But because I had to wait 40 minutes with absolutely no apology or acknowledgement, I'm giving them 3 stars.
5	Living in Charlotte for thirty years I can say I know who is the best hairstylist in Charlotte!  About 13 years ago Beth Ghazi, the owner of Cutting Image Salon, became my hair stylist.  After spending big bucks to go to places such as Varji and Varji and Modern Salon and never being satisfied with the outcome or the experience.  I finally found the most talented, gifted and professional, artist there is in the southern piedmont region.  Personally I am amazed at her ability to color hair as well as cut and style.  To put it simply the customer service along with the highly trained and talented staff at Cutting Image Salon is simply unparalleled to any other salon in Charlotte.
5	I needed a new hair stylist because mine had moved that I used for the past 5 years. My friend recommended the Cutting Image Salon. I got an appointment with Amber and she did a fabulous job in a very quick time. I used my lunch hour for my haircut that day and I was in out of there with an excellent haircut in 20 minutes. I will definitely come back for my next hair cut and I will recommend Cutting Image to all of my friends.
5	I'm 26 years old and have had the same haircut my whole life! The usual 2 inch trim at Great Clips with my $6.99 birthday coupon. I finally became a big girl and went for my first real haircut completely nervous and hesitant. I have thick long straight hair and ***TISHA CACERES*** transformed that boring mane into a voluminous, layered, thinner do! She kept my length which I requested and thinned my hair relieving so much weight!!! She added layers and side bangs as well. She constantly gave me tips to help maintain my new look! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE MY NEW HAIR!!! I'd highly recommend Tisha and am so glad I found my new hairdresser!
5	I went to this place after reading previous yelp review - thanks to yelpers, this place is awesome my stylist was Emily and she understands what I wanted and did the best styling for me .I have very thin hair line , so far many stylist from other salons have messed my hair and they find it really challenging to do a better hair cut for me.Emily is Da best - she was very polite and appreciative above all the hair cut did was so good and gave me more confidence , I suggested her for my other friend and she loved her hair cut too , now I'm waiting to book another appointment .Also the price is affordable and the women here rock !!!
5	After receiving a great haircut myself.  I recommend a friend from out of town to have her hair cut, colored, and highlighted by Lindsey.  She has a great eye and her attention to detail are spot on.
5	Sarah is awesome!! I moved to Charlotte about a year ago and was nervous about finding a stylist. I have short hair which requires fairly frequent cuts and I'm kind of picky. I looked online for "Best salons in Charlotte" and Cutting Image popped up. The reviews were awesome and it was close to my house which is a plus! When I called, it just so happened that someone cancelled with Sarah so I was able to get in that same day. SO glad it worked out that way because I love her! Her consultations are thorough and she always makes sure we're on the same page before she starts cutting. It's obvious that the stylists have been trained extensively. Only thing I'd "warn" you about is that they're always booked up, so call at least a week in advance.
4	I have gone to cutting image twice now and both times I have had Paige cut my hair. I've always have had an extremely positive experience and my hair looked great after both styles. In my opinion, they are also very reasonably priced.
2	So this is probably one of the first negative reviews I've ever written but I felt a need to.  I've had trouble finding a decent salon to cut my hair and went to Cutting Edge because they had some pretty stellar reviews.  They answered the phone in a very professional manner and gave me the option of a Junior or Senior stylist.  I opted for the Junior due to a time constraint and that was my first mistake.  I had Emily, a Junior, who had taken the turn fore the worse when she proceeded to ask me if I had plans for the weekend, which you know, was a good question to start of conversation.  Then proceeded to ask me where I worked....First off. If you ask someone where they work and what they do, if one of the occupations is something you don't agree with or are naively unfamiliar with, don't use the word "stupid" as a descriptor for the company.  I was appalled that she had even continued.  I understand you have differing opinions due to your lack of worldly experience or may be socially inept but to say that to someone is no bueno.  We did have a good conversation on what she felt about the company but then to slip up and say that hipsters were privileged to be able to spend money using my company's services was narrow minded as well.  If I'm sitting there, and would be considered a "hipster" in modern day definition, I take offense to the word privileged.  I've worked for every dollar I've had and haven't had things handed down to me.  Emily, try not to use words in the wrong context.  Not only do you seem smug, you also don't need to knowledge puke about the dynamic of styling someone's hair. It makes you look like a novice, especially since I came home and noticed the long strands of hair around my ears that you did not cut.  There may be a chance that there is no distinguishing you between a student at the Paul Mitchell school. Other than that the atmosphere was nice.  I was offered water when I stepped in but her performance was well under par which is what brought down my review to such a low standard.
5	I went here after reading the great yelp reviews and they lived up to them! Emily did my hair and she did such a great job. She was very consultative and delivered exactly what I wanted. She was also very sweet and did not rush, yet didn't take forever either, which I appreciate. I'll definitely be back, and recommend seeing Emily for a great cut and highlights!
5	I got my hair cut by Emily last night and I totally love it. She talked to me about what I wanted and helped me decide what would look good with my face shape. I definitely will be back.
5	I went to this salon looking for a more permanent solution to my frizzy naturally curly hair. I got the thermal hair straightening  treatment with Tish. Let me just tell you, I am so in love with my hair! It is silky and soft and I don't even have to touch a flat iron. If you didn't know me before, you would never be able to guess I have naturally curly hair! Tish was so great! She was very helpful through out the whole process and knew exactly what I wanted. I also got my hair colored and cut and the final product is amazing. Overall, the salon was very clean and nice. They do give you complimentary beverages which was very appreciated during my lengthy appointment. If you are a curly haired girl tired of putting up with a mess of frizz you have to go see Tish!
5	Great salon! Mara cut my hair and she did a great job! Fast, clean, stylish haircut!! I have long hair and I usually get layers. Since I am new in Charlotte, I was looking for a place where I can get a nice haircut regularly. Cutting image salon with Mara will definitely be my choice next time. Thank you Mara!
2	After having read so many excellent reviews about this salon and specifically Tisha Caceres, I eagerly went in for a cut by her. My hair is thick and long with some long layers and I needed a good shaping up. For someone who is supposedly so experienced, Tisha seemed incredibly nervous and unsure of herself the whole time. Anyway, I has emphasized to her that my hair looks flat at the top due to its weight pulling it down. Instead of just thinning out the top area, after it was done she said that she had also THINNED OUT THE BOTTOM! So weeks after this haircut, my hair looks unusually thin and stringy at the bottom. Also, ever since she cut my hair and did all that thinning throughout, it has been more tangly than it has ever been in my 35 years of life! Secondly and just as bad, for some reason now I look like I have a long bi-level hairdo! It's like a long mullet where all the layers were bluntly cut at mid-length with strings hanging along the bottom! Instead of doing a blowout, she instead dried it with the blow dryer then used a straightening iron on it (first time I have ever had that done)! I am now searching for another stylist to fix this mess. I was very hesitant to write this because Tisha seems like a nice lady but I question the validity of the reviews on this website and I would not want anyone else to have the results that I have on my head.
5	I just moved to Charlotte in October and was missing my stylist back home in Virginia. It took me a long time to find a stylist that understood what I was looking for and I was sad to be back on the hunt after finally finding someone. I decided to go to Cutting Image after I searched "best place to get a haircut in Charlotte" and this was one of the first places that came up. All of the positive Yelp reviews made it a no brainer. Tami (Tamera) was amazing and knew exactly what I wanted after I showed her some pictures I found on Pinterest. I am SO happy to say that I have found my new salon and stylist and can't wait to go back to Tami for another haircut!Not to mention the woman at the front desk was very sweet and the salon was very clean and up to date. The price for the haircut was also incredibly reasonable. I was expecting to pay much more. See you in a few months Cutting Image!
5	I'm going to write about Emily , she trimmed my hair this time and styled it as I had to host a event , I asked her to make my hair look longer and she did It - yes it's that simple , she would do as we expect , I had the best day in that  event , she made my frizzy hair look long , dense n healthy :) my other friend also had a hair cut , very few stylists understand and give results as we we need , for me - Emily is the BEST!!!
1	My Fiancee went for a hair cut at this salon, and she requested Justin for a layered cut or long step cut, which will suit her better. She also had some pictures of style she was looking for to show him. Justin did not seem interested in looking at the pictures, and instead of cutting layers or steps, just asked her to bend her neck and cut her hair to the length, that she showed him, would be the shortest she was willing to cutShe was so shocked. now he was going to cut her hair even shorter to get layers and steps, She was very disappointed in the final look, it was looking as if he cut her hair in half, thats all.... no layers, no steps, nowhere close to any hairstyle pictures that she showed him, complete fiasco.... for a salon where people seemed to have got fab haircuts..... She asked the receptionist for the Manager but it was Saturday and Manager was off. She explained the incident to her for about 30 minutes. But apparently it was no use. The manager never bothered to call her back. She am really shocked and hurt , needless to say, never going back there again...
4	Wanted a drastic change in hairstyle and thought I'd give Cutting Image a shot since they had such rave reviews on Yelp.  I was helped by Wesley, who is a Level 3 stylist.  I went from VERY long hair to super-short and he did a great job.  He was nervous to do such a drastic change and feared I'd regret it - we talked about it for a few minutes until he confirmed that I really was ready for that big a change.  He set the cut ponytail aside to donate to Locks of Love, which I appreciated.  All in all, I'll definitely be going back!
1	I brought my child and husband with me, my daughter cried for about 15 seconds and someone was up there telling me we need to keep it down or leave. SO, we left. My !husband sat out in the car and waited. I was told that people need peace and quiet while they get their hair done. It's not a massage parlor and the music is so loud it sounds like a club. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND GO THERE, I NEVER WILL AGAIN!
