5	I love Thai Basil! I've only been to the one in Ahwatukee (they have one next to Tops Liquors in Tempe), and I think it's pretty darn good.They have all the usual suspects like Pad Thai Noodles, and it's a great vegan option because of the choice of tofu (or chicken or beef) with almost any dish and the rice noodles.it's pretty darn cheap, too. i got noodle dish big enough for two meals, and some of the best iced tea I've ever tasted (seriously, these Thai folk have a secret recipe and i want it!) for about $8. and, you can order the dish as hot as you want it. I'm a pretty big wuss with spicy and i got a "one" and it was nothing. i would say a "two" would be qualified as "mild."
5	The BOMB thai food - and the best choice for a vegetarian.  I am a vegan, and how often can you actually eat almost everything on the menu?  Thai Basil will make all of their dishes with tofu or vegetables, and they don't use chicken stock to cook with so it's all fair game.  The service is consistently superior, it's super quick and very clean.
4	Place real good. Great tasting food. Come hang out at their tiny restaurant or do take out. Either way its really good. "I like"Eugene
3	So I've been craving Thai food.This place is fairly close to me, I decided to try the Red Curry with Tofu , my daughter had the Chicken Noodle with beef. (see pics)The sauce part was perfect, spicy and slightly sweet of coconut, BUT the tofu was spongy and tough and the bamboo shoots were awful and tasted like bleach? The egg-roll was my favorite part that spicy sweet sauce they serve it with is so damn good!Val really liked her dish, I'm not  fan of beef but I tried a noodle and it had really good flavor.The glasses were really clean and the water tasted filtered. Generous portions and affordable prices.OK place, but I probably wont go back seeing as I didn't like their Tofu and that would be my filling of choice.
2	Our experience at Thai Basil was sub-par at best. The chicken satay that came with the appetizer sampler was decent, but the rest of the items (fried sweet potato, fried tofu, spring rolls) did not have a crispy enough coating. Perhaps even worse, the coating tasted more like one that belonged on a corn dog than on an Thai morsel. When we had finished our appetizers, the waiter brought out our spicy clear noodle dish, but not our beef red curry. We decided not to wait to start eating and dove into the noodle dish. It tasted like noodles sauteed in hot sauce and...that's it. In my opinion, good noodle dishes have a complexity - for example, a good pad Thai has hints of tamarine, peanut, lime, and fish sauce. This noodle dish had one level to it, and the one level wasn't even that good. About 10 minutes later, the waiter returned with our red curry, started to set it down on the table, and then hurriedly excused himself, going back to the kitchen with the dish. 5 minutes later, he returned with the same dish and apologized, saying that before "it was too rare." Well, it was now the opposite of rare - tough and chewy. Additionally, the curry sauce was thin and milky-tasting, not thick and properly balanced between the spice and coconut milk. Oh, and in case it wasn't bad enough already, the rice was chewy and a bit dry as if it had been made the previous day. So that was our experience at Thai Basil. Not great. Not even good. To be fair, the check was very low for such a decent amount of food, but I would have rather spent $20-$30 more and had a good Thai meal at Wild Thaiger or Malee's Bistro.
4	Word of Warning: There are several Thai Basils all over the valley and I've heard the other branches are not good.  I was told to dine at this particular branch in Ahwautukee (Chandler Blvd and 44th).  This Thai food is better than Thai Rama (both branches), Sawadee, Mailees and Pink ?. The reason this restaurant is good is because the curries are made well. Curry should not have the consistency of soup (Thai Rama). It should be thick enough to mix with rice.  The flavors in the curry were spot on. Their Massaman curry and Peanut curry was cooked perfectly and flavored well.  Furthermore, the curries were spicy but not so hot that you couldn't taste the flavors. The other dishes are great too particularly the sauteed or mixed vegetables. The disappointing dishes include the rish dishes. The fried rice had huge chunks of uncut cauliflower and cabbage everywhere...so much so that you couldn't really enjoy it.  Both Thai Rama and Touch of Thai in Glendale have much better fried rice.The Negative; The restaurant is extemely tiny and claustrophobic. It is clean and modern so don't think run down Asian restaurant. The service was a little mediocre. The waiters are two young men who go to ASU or just party. They are fast but don't ask questions and not really there to serve you. They want to get you in and out.  So while they won't ignore you, they aren't going to really ask you if you need anything else.  I was disappointed because they forgot to bring one of our dishes. It was almost 25 minutes late when compared to our other dishes that were already served. Instead of admitting the mistake, the waiter tried to argue that the dish was being prepared when it was obvious he was lying and just tried to get them to prepare something ASAP so he wouldn't have to eat the cost of the dish.  That was rather annoying.Bottomline: Great Food but order it to go. You will actually get more food and avoid the mediocre service and small dining space
4	Get the curries. Tried the Green Curry with Shrimp and it was really good. The Pad Thai was not that great. Maybe 3 stars for that. The Tom Yum soup was okay. 2.5 stars for that. I judge a Thai place by their Tom Yum Soup. If you can't even get that right, what else can you do? Hmm.. BUT, after I tried the green curry, i changed my mind about this place. It was delicious. They did not give us enough rice to go with the curry. Next time I will order more rice. This was a take out order so I didn't actually eat there. I noticed there was only a mother daughter team eating there at 7:30pm on a friday night but there were abou 5 to 6 takeout orders waiting to be picked up. This place is much better than Swadees. It is small but clean. They also have outdoor seating. I like.
2	I really really wanted to like this place because it's relatively close to our house. The prawns on our salad were not cooked all the way, and the Tom Yum Gong soup was bland. Not sure how you can make that soup bland, but they did it. The under-cooked food was enough to cure me for life - I won't go back.
3	It's OK Thai food. The pad Thai was decent and while I know it's not supposed to be saucy, it was kind of dry? The tofu tasted funny but I'm no fan of tofu, so for all I know that's how's supposed to taste. Spring rolls were good but I didn't care for the corn inside. Masaman curry was watery, no rich flavors there. The coconut ice cream was delicious!
2	Ranks poorly against some of the great Thai restaurants I have visited. The food lacked flavor and color ( Anemic ), The vegetables were of poor quality and a BBQ Chicken we ordered was yellow ? pounded too thin and of questionable quality. Would have enjoyed a non fried appetizer ? some refreshing spring rolls would have been appreciated. We did order some tasty fried calamari, probably the highlight of this forgettable meal. Nothing about this place, including service gave me the impression we would return.
3	All the Thai Basil around the valley is confusing me!  Make sure you pay attention next time someone says lets meet at Thai Basil's - get the location down before acting.  Anyways, Thai Basil's aren't the same everywhere - certain locations taste better than others.  This one is decent and yes they can get spicy - real spicy - youch!  The decor is classic Thai artwork and portraits, I can dig.  Our waiter; which looked like a 15 year boy (Asians - maybe he older than he looks!), was on the ball; more water yes please, can I remove those plates yes please, more water? Okay go away!  If you need a quick fix for Thai food these places are the shiiz, but make sure you can handle your spices :) Enjoy!
5	ok... I am a "Thai Virgin".    We got to Thai Basil and got the menu and we were a bit overwhelmed.   Once we settled down and actually started to read the menu items,  we ordered Pad See Ew with pork and Spicy Rice with Shrimp.    We ended with Fried Bananas with Ice Cream.  All I can say  is  -  YUM!    I'll be back.
4	Thai restaurant with cheap eats and quick service.  I had the Chicken Pad Thai and coconut ice cream and it was really good.  Friends all ordered different foods and each was a fan of their meal.  We were there at 2:30 on a Saturday and the place was practically deserted so we got the full attention of the owners/servers.My only complaint is that they don't have high chairs for kids.
4	Very nice Thai restaurant with lots of dishes you won't find in most Thai places.  Pay attention to the specials on the boards.  They have several great dishes you won't find on the menu.  The food was very good and the waitress was very polite and helpful.  The food runner/water girl didn't speak English.   It would be nice to teach her something like "your welcome", etc.  The place was pretty empty on a Monday night.  I'll probably be back.  The fish cakes were a little over done and my drunken noodles had too many noodles...but both were very good and tasty otherwise.  They really know how to spice things up...so if you're use to ordering 10, go for 5 and use the spice tray on the side...I didn't need to and I always order 11 elsewhere.
4	Used to live & work right by this place, so I would come regularly. Sometimes the food was a bit garlic-y, but other than that, I was never disappointed by the food here. The service was fast & friendly. The portions were just right, and it seems like their food is made healthier than other Thai places I've been to. I LOVE hot spicy food, and they actually challenged my palette a time or two. So let it be know, if you ask for something very spicy, they will give it to you!
1	Heard good things, but, did not even measure up. Very bland...really man? It's Thai how can it be flavorless? Don't waste your time!
2	We love Thai food...and have had a good luck with other Thai Basil's (Oregon location).   This location on a Saturday night was not very busy (mostly takeout).  We dined in...and the service was not very good.  There was one gal handling everything...seating, phones, takeout and waiting on tables.  Three of us ordered Pad Thai w/ chicken.  However,  it came w/ Tofu...actually more tofu then chicken, AND it was not very good.  Would not recommend this location.
4	I eat at this location pretty regularly and have always had a great experience.  I usually eat here for lunch which is always fast and delicious.  Their have a daily special that hits the spot most days when I venture away from my main stay the Pad-See-Ew.  They food is very spicy, but can be tailored to your heat index.  I always go with a medium (5).As far as I can tell there are only 2 ladies that work there during the day.  Both of them are always cheerful and helpful when I come in.  They seem to be extremely friendly with everyone that comes in.  I always see lots of smiles and I am in there a lot.A few reviewers mentioned dinner service is a bit on the bad side.  I won't make excuses for them, but it is a small restaurant if you have a very large party maybe you can call ahead.  I took my parents there on a Saturday evening.  Things were pretty busy and you could tell there was a lot going on.  It was kind of chilly outside so the seating did seem to be an issue for some of the later arrivals.If nothing else definitely stop by this location for lunch it's very good.Try:- Pad-See-Ew- Pad Thai- Yellow Curry- Purple Sticky Rice
5	Gracious people, great food...  It's close to home and delicious.  The owners and staff could not be more hospitable.  Don't miss it if you are hungry in Ahwatukee.
5	I am upping them to 5 stars as I just have a consistently great experience at this location.  There is another location down the avenue near the Intel Plant which is also pretty good, but they are always super busy for lunch ( Go Figure ).  The two ladies who work here during lunch are always exceptionally nice, the food comes out super fast, and it's always delicious.  I have taken everyone I know here for lunch and dinner and it's always been a great experience. I still recommend going with medium if you like pretty spicy without burning you up.  Most of the people I have taken like mild food and I have never heard any complaints that they make it too spicy.  So don't be afraid to take your friends who don't really dig spicy foods.Try:- Pad-See-Ew  ( As far as I can tell the Best in AZ )- Pad Thai- Crispy Sweet Potato- Purple Sticky Rice
4	They have a great green curry and huge spring rolls. Their beef and broccoli is just okay. I know, beef and broccoli? Well, it can be great. I've had beef and broccoli that's worth talking about. Anyway, the food was great and the portions were huge. I just moved to the area and I'm happy to find a thai place ALMOST as good as my favorite haunts in Chicago. I'll definitely go back.
2	The service was wonderful and the server was very nice,but ...DON'T GET THE PAD THAI. Its NOT pad thai.The young coconut... it was served whole with a spoon.The coconut meat was to tough to scrape out with the spoon.But the coconut water was refreshing.I think I'll stick to Touch of Thai in north phoenix
4	Wow, I was shocked to see some of the mediocre and poor reviews for this location. We went there for the first time today and had good service and food. I had the Pad Thai which I really enjoyed. Susan had some kind of peanut sauce rice thingy that she gobbled down with no problem. Flavor? Plenty enough for me and I ordered "medium." The little bowl of soup offered as an appetizer was a nice touch too. We both really enjoyed our lunch experience but maybe we are not the Thai food aficionados some of the other yelpers are.
3	3 stars - I've been here multiple times and prior to the last experience they would have gotten 4 stars.  Last time I went I ordered pad thai - it was dry, cold, and bland.  What the heck happened here?  Usually the pad thai and spicy noodles were consistently good.  Sad to have experienced such a drop in quality.  Hopefully next time is better.
5	This place has become my new favorite!  I've ordered take-out each time and have received excellent service!  The food is simply amazing.  The Pad Thai not only has huge portions, it's exactly how Pad Thai should taste.  The Thai Iced-Tea is a great addition to any order.  I highly recommend this place!!
5	I just have a consistently great experience at this location for lunch, dinner and take-out. The ladies who work the lunch shift are great and always cheerful.  Some of the nicest staff at any restaurant I have had the pleasure to dine in.  The only time I had shaky service were a couple days they had off in the summer.  The replacements were very nice just not up to the usual standard, but I go so often I'm not one to ding new people as they tried.I still recommend going with medium (5)  if you like pretty spicy without burning you up.    My parents always get no spice (0) as they are sensitive to spicy food.  So don't be afraid to take your friends who don't really dig spicy foods.There is another location down the avenue near the Intel Plant which is also pretty good, but they are always super busy for lunch ( Go Figure ). Try:- Pad-See-Ew  (Best in AZ )- Pad Thai ( Seems Real to Me )- Crispy Sweet Potato- Purple Sticky Rice
4	Seafood lunch red curry plate.  Awesome. Tiny little place but clean and comfortable atmosphere.  As soon as I walked in I smelled good food!  They have free wifi and waitress was really nice!
1	Got sick from here...My food came out in about 30 seconds.  I should have known.
2	Food and service mediocre.
3	We ordered the spicy green beans with tofu and the spicy fried rice. The beans were crunchy and flavorful. I liked that the pieces were cut to the right length, not kept long which adds to the aesthetics but then I need to cut it all up! The rice was ok, though I like rice to not be overlooked. The rice here was on the overly cooked side. Bc of the kids, we made the food mild... My experience with the triple Thai hot will have to b carry out. The lady taking our order was cheery, and knowledgeable on making suggestions. Her smile made me feel she welcomed our patronage and that deserves an extra starUpdate: I got the triple Thai hot on my mixed vege tofu....was tasty but not hot. Disappointing, bc I did carry out so I didn't have the sauces they have in the restaurant on hand.
1	The worst place I have ever been. The service was horrible and the food was even worse. If u are someone who values customer service this isnt the place for you.
2	I've been here multiple times the service continues to get worse. They are severely understaffed and it's impacting everything from their service to their food. We waited an additional 40 minutes for carryout when we were told the food would be ready in 20 minutes. They shorted us on rice as well. We ordered multiple dishes and they gave us one box of rice instead of a box with each dish like they are supposed to provide. The quality of the food is slipping. The curries continue to become more watery. The sauteed dishes or so dilute with water that you can't taste any seasoning but rather just limp vegetables that resemble a bad broth. It is sad because this place used to be 5 stars but it seems to me that they really don't care about customer service. Today was so pathetic, they had one person(one of the owners) serving tables, taking phone orders and busing tables. And the restaurant was busy! Seriously, you can't afford to hire a couple of waiters? This place used to be 5 stars back when they had a normal waitstaff but for the past 3 years or so, it just seems like they don't care about customer service. Unfortunately, now it's impacting their food. I would only order carryout. Stick to the curries. If they tell you 20 minutes, double or triple that time when arriving to pick it up. And don't tip on carryout!!!
3	3-3.5 starsWent for lunch and ordered some pad thai. Decent amount of food for a fair price. It's a small restaurant but fast and friendly service. They pad thai is decent.
4	I was a bit hesitant to try this place because of the current rating but actually, after my experience, I think it should have a little more credit. Came here for lunch with my dad and I ordered the green curry. It said it had eggplant in it which I love, but there were only two pieces of eggplant in it. My dad even commented that they don't give enough meat. He ordered the red curry. While that is so, I found the food to taste good and the server was very attentive. There were also a good amount of people there having lunch.
1	This is thai food like the Olive Garden is Italian food. Very simple, bland, and mild flavors. The broth in a Tom Kha soup should be thick and rich, but we were presented with a watery and bland substitute. A good thai curry should be bold and complex, but not here, the Panang tasted like peanut butter, the Green curry tasted like coconut milk, both very simple and overly sweet. Also the music belonged at a dentists office or an elevator, very annoying stuff! I recommend thai elephant in Tempe, much much better than this place!
5	I don't understand the people who have caused the rating of this place to be so low.  I am not a Thai person, but I know delicious food when I put it in my mouth, and this place is great.First the atmosphere: This is a fairly small place with a warm, pleasant feeling.  It's usually not crowded, so it's not a bad place to go to have a little dinner conversation, and maybe get a little bit romantic.  Maybe move in close with your lover and get some kisses in before you order those spicy dishes.The food is great.  Fantastic flavor, good spice (I order 'medium' which is just enough to make me keep reaching for my drink), and reasonable sized portions.  A hungry person can go away fed but not bloated, and someone with a little appetite can have a little to take home!I pretty consistently order the Beef Drunken Noodles (without onion, because I am a lover and have to keep that fresh breath) which have incredible flavor, and are a dish which I haven't been able to find at a lot of other Thai restaurants.  I definitely recommend it, and if you don't like it then you probably don't know what good food tastes like!
4	Love this place!
5	My office just moved down the street and I decided to try this place out despite its shabby reviews because of its proximity to my work.  I'm glad that I did.I ordered for pick-up (shrimp Thai fried rice and Thai tea).  Food was hot when I picked it up and she didn't make the drink until I arrived so it wasn't watered down.  Food is DELICIOUS.  They are a little skimpy with the shrimp considering the $3 up charge, but it was still delicious.  Service was excellent.  The environment was quiet and very typical of a Thai restaurant.  They also have a nice outside covered patio.I will definitely be making this a regular lunch place!
1	My colleague bit into his egg roll to spit out a bolt. No further review necessary (see photo).
2	Worse thai food i had in a while. Tasted very watery. No flavor at all had a curry. Was pretty much coconut water with very little veggies and almost no taste.
3	Three stars instead of four because the service was pretty slow even though we were the only seated table for a while. The food was pretty good though and I especially enjoyed my pad thai. Beware ordering a soda- it's pricey and you get a CAN, not a refillable fountain drink.
4	Good food. Great service. Fair prices.
3	Went to my fav Thai restaurant in Scottsdale, but the water pipes broke so I drove around doing errands. Eventually hunger took over and I ran across Thai Basil. Venturing in at lunch rush is never a good idea, service was still good. Tables are cramped together so you never feel as though you are eating alone. Ceilings were dusty and bathrooms worn so it made me wonder the conditions of the kitchen???Food was not the best. Bland and missing all the wonderful flavors Thai food has to offer, I will try another Thai place if my haunt is ever closed again.
3	Pretty good, not the best but very far from bad. Haven't been disappointed yet and we eat here about once a week. The Thai basil is really good as well as the steak salad.
3	If you like Thai food it is pretty good. But I guess I was spoiled while visiting Thailand that it's oilier food than I experienced with original Thai food. It's ok but I'm still looking for a more legit Thai food place. There's always a mom n pop shop somewhere especially when there's another Thai Basil 2-3 miles down the road.
3	This wasn't bad Thai food, but it was a little undercooked. My eggplant was still really hard (almost raw). Their Ahwatukee location does it perfectly! It's worth driving a little further if you have time to go to Ahwatukee.
1	No personality service, they tried to charge me an extra dollar when I asked for my Thai Iced Tea with no ice (usually places put way too much and my drink is gone in two sips). The fresh spring roll sauce almost make me throw up, I was literally wretching. The food was way over priced for what it was. I ordered three lunches and two of them were supposed to be Thai hot, they were mild at best, very disappointing. Service was dry and lacked friendliness, would not go back.Oh and I bought an eggplant dish and there was barely any eggplant maybe two or three pieces!
5	I usually order green curry because I love the eggplant here-- and then order it Thai Hot for extra heat.  The atmosphere is very cozy and relaxed.
3	Ordered the Chicken pad Thai and had it delivered to my work. The food was not as spivey as I liked and the noodles were a bit dry. However it was still good and they were nice enough to deliver it for me. I still need to give it another try before I say I love or hate because. Overall great customer service.
3	Decent food. Not really authentic Thai food. You can pick your level of spiciness, which is good.
2	I am leaving Thai Basil incredibly disappointed. I just waited 45 minutes to get my take out order while tables that had come in after me were served and finished their meal. I asked the flustered server if the bag on the counter was my order waiting and was told no. After staring at this bag for at least 20 minutes I figured that since no one had come in to claim it that I would ask again. I read the receipt on the bag and it matched my order so I told the server and he said oh yes it is ready. I grabbed the bag,frustrated that my cold order had been ready the entire time and the server was too busy( 3 tables) to look close enough or even acknowledge how long I had been sitting there. The worst part is that there are items missing from the bag and I'm too hungry and upset to go back. The food is great but tonight the service was miserable.
