5	I also had the honor of being invited to the soft opening.  It's like being in a comic strip!!   WELL DONE!Three words: "Captain Order FRIES!" "Nuff said
5	We went for opening night, we waited 2 hours to order and almost another hur to get our food. Worth every minute! Get the sweet potato fries with the chocolate and marshmallow, amazing. There is no bar but the bar right next door is cute and accommodating. Bottom line, go, support small local business. Oh, and it's 24 HOURS!
5	So good, its like X mas everyday! The sweet potatoe Smores fries and captain order order fries unreal. Also the classic are as good as usual! It is just awesome you can get it all 24 hours a day now!
5	This place is the shhhhh. I was invited to the soft opening but couldn't make it in. The family and I finally made it in for dinner last night. Great burgers and the super fries are the best! Keep up the great job guys!!! BTW, I already started sending you guys new customers.
5	Never had the food from the truck, just heard from Studio 21 that these portable burger masters were opening a brick and mortar, and with nothing else new to try on a Sunday, grabbed some homies and off we went.Cons: Hard to find late at night. Telephone number MIA.Pros: Great food. Sliders are all very unique and well thought out (my friends got all of them and I got to try them all.) Vegetarian for the veggies makes them happy. Fries are also awesome. Beverages in glass bottles. The decor itself is amazing, but it kind of gave me the "you're not cool enough to eat here Mr. 30+ year old" vibe, but the staff was awesome and quashed that immediately. The guy at the counter fist bumped me as I walked in. Good dudes. There's something to be said at the customer service that comes from friendly people who like their jobs vs the standard corporate customer service that comes from fear of reprimand.Will eat here again, will totally recommend to my friends. This is the perfect place for anyone who says Vegas has no personality or culture of it's own, and this is probably the unparalleled champion of "Oh s--- it's late we're drunk and hungry where do we go?"And as a bonus the NBA Jam machine is set on free. What else could you want?**The MK2 Machine up and running, that's what!
5	Bomb foodSick beatsFly serviceColor and art EVERYWHERE!Way better than just a truck, this is Slidin Thru HQ in every way possible. Its worth your drive, order anything but remember to ask what the ever changing mystery slider is! A recent one I had was sliced sirloin steak, BBQ sauce, lots of cheese, perfect buns...amazing! If you're a fan of sliders, fries, and nice people it's must! The guys behind the counter keep it real, the Coke is from Mexico, and its a 24 hour PARTY!
4	S'more sweet potato fries are awesome!!!
5	Damn it. Wasted 15 minutes waiting in the parking lot. Didn't know that they don't utilize the truck to make their sale.  Dudes, why didn't you guys post a sign saying that you guys are inside!?!I was a bit upset about the 15 mins of my life wasted, but after I ate the cinnamony sweet potato fries, I was over w/the griping.  I ordered the caprese and the captain's order sliders, and an order of the yummy sweet potato fries.  I was sooooo full.  Next time, I am ordering one slider only...I love the simplicity in ordering the sliders & fries:1 slider = $32 sliders = $53 sliders = $7regular fries = $2Sweet potato fries = $3special fries = $5But I hate the difficulty in deciding which sliders/fries to order.They are all so flavorful and delicious.  This location is so convenient to my work area, and you don't have to wait in a long line out in the cold.   They got limited seating, but that's alright.  They got this super cool zen style chair that I was compelled to sit on it and chant "ommmmmmmm".  I didn't get a chance to sit on it but I will fo sho.  The staff is soooo FRIENDLY.  I will definitely come back.  Also, they open 24/7.  Cool yeah?  AWESOME!
5	How can slider truck get any better? Why, with a beer, of course! When my friend suggested going here, I should have known she had already scoped out the bar situation.  We sat in the bar right next to HQ and you can drink and order slider truck! We spent hours eating sliders and drinking blue moons. One great addition to the HQ menu is the super fries. We tried both the Captain's Order and Barby fries and both were awesome! I did stick my head inside of HQ and it's as cool as everyone says.
4	Open 24 hours, sliders and fries, and fun environment - THANK YOU SLIDIN THRU!!!  I love that I can get their sliders and fries anytime now and don't have to wait for their truck schedule - and they have some additional fries on their menu!! So much fun and so good, definitely worth a try!
5	A recommendation from another yelper.  Thanks Suki L. Definitely a hard to find location. Located off the strip pass the airport.  Love the art and colors on the walls, minimal seating area, popping beats, and cool service.  These guys know what they are doing.  Sliders and fries were both delicious. Favorites: Pulled porky slider and their special of the day slider.  Fries: pep fries and barby fries.
2	The food tastes great when the order is done right. The last 3 times my girlfriend and I have been there they've given us the wrong order.  Normally one slider out of 4 have been the wrong order.  On our last visit the pulled pork was completely dry and tasteless.  They maybe adding too much sugar to the sweet potato fries as the sugar drowned out the fries themselves...
5	What can u say that hasn't been said about these sliders....nothing else comes to mind honestly.  I remember first hearing about Slidin' Thru after reading an article at work about up and coming chefs in Vegas and the fact that somebody took on the challenge of making unconvetional sliders out of a truck peaked my interest.  The sliders have always been delicious, and nothing beat getting some "window love"showing up right when they hit that days location so you can get that mystery slider which has never missed the mark imo.  Although I'll miss hitting up the truck but on special occasions like 1st Friday, the fact that I can hit this place place up any time and enjoy some sliders all but makes up for it.  They've added the super fries and my first choice were the desert like "smores"covered sweet potato fries and they were just as advertised.If you have time search them out cause it will be worth it
5	Could the Sildin' Thru Truck get any better? Yep, with the opening of HQ! Same great food  the truck always serves up, but this time it comes with a table and SUPER Fries! The new fries covered in cheesy goodness are great. Same fantastic prices for the sliders too! 2 for $5 of 3 for $7. These guys are so original and awesome. These are definitely the best sliders I have ever had. Love the original choices. You gotta try the Captains Order, different and yummy! You gotta come in and try them, or stop by the Slidin' Thru Truck, check their webpage for locations. Agreed that is hard to see if you are in the right place, but give them a bit - they just opened and I am sure they will have some signs or something better coming...
5	Just when you think it can't get any better....Slidin' Thru HQ 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, windowlove anytime I want it I can have it!!  Hell Yeah!  I follow the truck obsessively and every chance I get to talk about the different sliders and how good they are I do!  So I used to take my own beer to the truck, at the Gun Store, behind Yogurtland, at Powder & Sun but I don't have to do that anymore.  With the convenience of drinking at the bar, ordering my sliders and now the delish super fries......my fav are the CaptainFries!!!  I can now enjoy the slider explosion in my mouth the only way a mini-burger should be accompanied with a beer AND sitting down.   :)  If you have not tried Slidin' Thru get your butt to HQ to check it out.  These little sliders will melt in your mouth and you absolutely will not regret it!
3	My friend came home from work one day, telling tales about fries he experienced during lunch that were better than animal style fries. Say what? I'll be the judge of that one. So fast forward a bit, and I find myself at HQ to sample some of these reportedly amazing fries.I am a huge fan of the slider truck and all of their slider offerings. The new HQ is a cute little spot. I love the murals and whole decor. But it is also a little awkward because aside from two large semi-circle booths, there is really nowhere to sit. (There was a cluster of chairs, but no tables. And a long community table, but no stools.)I ordered the Captain Fries, which seemed the most adventurous of the three offerings, and a mystery slider. After a bit of a wait, the slider was ready. But the fries had somehow been forgotten. So they rush ordered the fries and I had those a few minutes later. Well, the mystery slider (as is standard with Slidin' Thru) was delicious. It was a garlic steak sandwich with feta, provolone, and spinach. Fantastic flavors. The fries, though, were a big disappointment. The fries themselves weren't very good and were definitely undercooked. And while the toppings were ok, it just didn't work that well. Hopefully, the barby and pep fries work better (and my friend swears they do).So while I love the slider truck, HQ misses the mark a little bit. I think, ultimately, there is just something about a food truck and that whole experience. And that major element was missing here - it's just not the same and it can't be.However, props for being 24 hours and for the fries being a very large portion. And again, the decor is rather neat. And the staff is great as usual.
3	Ive been following the truck since day 1 and love the fact that they now have an actual building. The only thing is, its in a horrible location. The traffic on Sunset is just brutal during Rush Hour. The actual place is hard to find because there is no sign. You have to go into the doors to the bar and make a quick first right. Same great service, but once inside and if its busy, no where to sit. 2 tables, one long table where you have to stand. My friends and I actually got up to allow a family to be able to sit and we took ours to the car. While I love the truck, the food, and the staff, the HQ is still a long way from perfection. We went in when it was empty, ordered a few sliders and took forever, though it was perfect tasting. Hopefully as the HQ and truck(s) get more popular and make more $$$ they open up another HQ in a more accessible, easily visible, and bigger space. Keep up the great work Ric and your Slidin-Thru staff! Hope to see more or at least another location soon!
5	Dare I say that I like this place better than the mobile location.  First off the atmosphere is uber funky and cool, I dig it.  They have free arcade games, I love NBA jams, it brings me back to my old arcade days, amazing.  The service is top notch just like at the truck.  The food is basicaly identical so I won't go into it except for the only difference as of last night, the super fries.   I ordered the Barbyfries and they were awesome, tons of fries covered in melted cheese, bbq sauce, crispy onion strips, and jalepenos.  I also tried a friends pep fries, think animal style fries with bacon, smart!  The reason I like this place better than the truck is that I guess I am just getting old or something.  Once the novelty of tracking down the truck and getting sliders wears off after a couple visits I got sick of eating sliders off a mail box at first friday or on a curb at some random business complex.  I loved just sitting down and relaxing and enjoying the food, It confirms to me that this place isn't just a novelty but that they serve some delicious food.  It was the best slider truck I have had to date.P.S. They are open 24 hours and the lady behind the counter did say they were working on breakfast, BOOM!
4	The little fist-size burger bomb.Tang & bang! The barby greets the palate with little finesse & more hot & zesty action of a one night stand. Though the bacon & onions are a sad after thought, the thick, juicy angus & caramalized jalapeno sauce makes this a hot affair.Its a given my preference for fiery & racy food affairs. That passing up the pulled porky would have put me to shame. Generously portioned flesh, with fiery jalapeno sauce & racy bbq sauce. Remember to swallow.Light, loud, minus the food coma; THE lunchtime getaway.
4	The truck has landed and this is it's stationary spot! The slider-mobile is still out cruising Vegas and serving up burgers, but it's nice to see there's an all-night HQ for slider grub. This location also serves to help avoid the issue of running out of food at the truck, so don't be shy!The inside is bright, and when we went it was also loud with a live DJ spinning high above the dining area. The counter staff were friendly and easy to talk to despite the music, offering us advice on which of the burg's were the best.The food is essentially the same as the truck's menu, with the addition of their super fries! They're like chili fries but better, with several varieties. We tried the barbyfries and they were definitely the perfect kind of thing to sop up beer and set you straight; awesomely convenient considering there is a fully functional bar next door! They were also a large portion, big enough for the three of us to split and still have room for a slider or three.The sliders were consistent with the quality of the truck in taste and content. We also sampled the mystery slider, which was called something like "The Dankness" and had a ton of different toppings. Our friend left with his Slidin' Thru virginity officially lost and a satisfied belly. This place makes a nice addition to the late night food scene. A bit off the beaten path, for sure, but worth the trek if you're in the mood for some mini burgers and don't want to deal with the strip!
5	I love Slidin Thru! My boyfriend, family, and friends have all tried other hamburger trucks, but by far this is our fav! The Slider Trucks are awesome, the guys have great energy and when there are alot of people, the wait may take up to 30 mins, HOWEVER its totally worth the wait! I love the Barby and Pep Pep sliders. Since their HQ has opened, which btw is open 24 hrs.... we usually stop by after work around 11pm. Its a totally cool, chill place to grab a bite to eat with your friends. Make sure to try out their loaded fries... promise you wont be disappointed :)
5	Everything I've tried so far is good.  Plus its close to my job. Good food good prices good people.
5	GREAT MINI BURGERS!!!!!! the only down fall is that they need more seats to sit down and eat,i understand just opened but I hope in the near future they decide in opening more locations and bigger place. But very very good burger joint.
5	So we just got back from the actual restaurant location and i am super satisfied. Upon walking in i thought i had drivin to LA,... the atmosphere is hipster central.. which is fine with me since i used to live there and i probably look like one too lloll....anywho we ordered the pulled pork the barby and the mystery slider wich was top sirloin with feta cheese and some sort of vinaigrette sauce they were all delicious all in all cool laid back atmosphere delicious everything AND there is a bar right next to it ... so we are def planning on going back having a couple beers and then enjoying some sliders
5	One word... BOMB!  Okay, this place is awesome. The crew is great and they care about what they do. I love the "Barbie" and the "Captain's Order." There is no signage for Slidin' Thru HQ, so you sort of have to explore a bit to find it. This is a great place at 3am when nothing else this good is open. Give it a try... you won't be sorry!
5	Omg good! The only thing that could have made this place better is if they had had more seating!I had an angus slider (one with mixed field greens, crispy bacon and a balsamic reduction!) and a specialty slider (vegetarian baby! Who knew I liked eggplant?) My husband focused his attention on the porky, a pulled pork slider that he has not stopped talking about, and the sweet potato tater tots. My daughter set her sights on the regular old fries. Dusted with seasonings, they did not disappoint.Our next trip will include some specialty fries so be ready for another review...To be continued...
4	To start of, I'm not a big slider fan.  Never have been.  I really didn't see the appeal when I'd be out with friends and they'd get 3 of the same kind of slider.  Why not just get one big, delicious burger?  First the Slidin' Thru truck, and now HQ, have proved that sliders are pretty much Awesome!  The key is mixing it up and even more key than that is having delicious choices to be able to mix and match.  My first visit to the HQ was pretty sweet.  I saw on Twitter that they were having a French Dip and I've been craving that for a few weeks, ask my pregnant wife (sympathy cravings?).  The French Dip was pretty great as well as the Barby Fries.  I mean, those fries were scrumtrelescent!  I also got a couple mini burgs (for my wife) to go as well as the most delicious Sweet Potato fries in the world!  HQ is definitely more for me than the truck.  I like a place to sit down while I'm eating.  I will go back for sure, but most likey on a PJ Sunday!
5	Love the food here, we tried almost all the sliders and had a huge thing of fries that were delish!  We sat at the bar next door and ordered.  This place is a definite return joint for us, and it's 24/7 love that!
5	What?? I don't have stand idle waiting around their food truck anymore and instead sit around in stylish furniture with walls adorned with some ill graffiti/artwork? Check. Right by my house and the airport for a good quick meal? Check. Live out my precious childhood again and play NBA Jam and Mortal Kombat for free? Open 24-7 with a bar next door that allows you to bring drinks over to HQ!? Chickitty-Check!For me personally this is one of LV's hidden gems. Come by late night and you're treated to a DJ that spins golden era hip hop, soul n r&b. My kinda spot!
4	I don't have an iron stomach so I can't really indulge in this place too often, but they do make some pretty good sliders. The physical location is more appealing than the slider truck considering there are restrooms and a free NBA Jam arcade. The staff is always friendly and the tables are clean most of the time. I would like to see some recycling bins considering they offer Mexican Coke, Sprite and other drinks in large glass bottles. If you haven't been here yet, I highly recommend you give it a try.
5	Slidin' Thru HQ is quite nice.  There's some tables and two booths.  You can eat outside under the covered patio.  The best thing about the place is that you're not waiting in the sun at their truck with people in front of you ordering 15 sliders for their offices.  That really irritated the hell out of me when I wait near Cox Communications.  45 minutes in lines some jerks were taking texts and upping their count as the line progressed, sloooowwwwlllllyyyy!I had a Barby and a Pep Pep.  Both were excellent.  Since I already had a taco from the Lime Food truck in the parking lot, I didn't have the room for some fries.  Next time.Their sliders are quite good.  I think I'll stop in again when I'm in the area.  It's too far to go for sliders, but if I'm around, I'll definitely stop in.Nice HQ, guys!
4	It is brightly colorful!  I almost felt like I walked into a comic bookstore when I finally walked into Slidin' Thru HQ for the very first time, at the recent Triangular Truck Throwdown Invasion!There was no line, as everyone was outside lining up at the food trucks in the parking lot.  The order was prepared quickly, andmy Pulled Porky has more pulled pork than normal, to thepoint that it toppled over in the to-go container when it was served.  Anyway, can't really comment on the service when they are busy, as this visit was on a less than typical day.  But the lady at the cash register that placed my order was super nice and smart (changed my order to to-go knowing I am going outside again).  But I do like the fact that even if you have to wait to place your order or for the food, at least you are indoors and not under the potentially blazing sun of Vegas.Decor is great and totally goes with the whole Slidin' Thru style. 4 stars.
5	I didn't think it was possible, but I'm in love with a slider whose name is Pulled Porky. The Pulled Porky is amazing. Slow-cooked pork that is "melt in your mouth" tender, accompanied by spicy caramelized jalapenos and sweet, tangy BBQ sauce. The pulled pork is the star of this slider; the meat is crispy and slightly charred on the outside while being tender and so juicy where it matters most. Just give me the pork, and I'd be a happy camper in this comic-land fantasy called Slidin' Thru HQ. But the guys at Slidin' Thru had to make the Pulled Porky even more out of this world by balancing spicy and sweet with jalapenos and BBQ sauce. I only have one minor complaint. This slider is messy and difficult to eat, stretching out the time it took for me to devour this little porky delicacy. My fingers were covered in pork juices and BBQ sauce, and I eventually had to use a fork to eat every last bite. But would I eat the Pulled Porky again, mess and all? In a heartbeat. I tried the cinnamon sugar Sweet Potato Fries, which needed a few more seconds in the fryer; however, the Plain Fries were awesome. Crunchy, thin, perfectly seasoned, and just PLAIN addictive (the only thing plain about them). I also had the Yaya Slider (Greek-inspired) which was delicious, albeit a little on the salty side. The Yaya is a juicy meat patty with feta cheese, tzatziki, fresh red onion, tomato, lettuce, and red wine vinaigrette. The guys running this place are super cool and friendly. I would go back just to visit them...as long as the visit included a Pulled Porky that is.
5	this place is just one of a kind. The food is off the chain and great prices too. You have to try the mystery sliders too. also get the barby fries with extra jalapeno. There is nothing like bringing my family and kicking my sons but in some nba jam while waiting for our mini burg adventure.this place does it right alomst whenever you want. been here alot and will continue to show my support with you guys!
2	I had the trio of sliders for $ 7 . The barby (Cheddar , caramelized onions, crispy onion , bacon and bbq sauce.) This was my favorite everything worked . Capt order:  roma tom, arugula ,bacon ,feta cheese sauteed onions and a balsamic reduction) This was my least favorite , nothing wrong just personal taste . Did not care for the bitterness of the arugula and the dryness of the feta , the balsamic reduction did not off set the arugula or the feta.  Pep pep( lettuce, tomato,chedder , onion, pickle and super sauce) Nothing special just a plain burger, it was alright.      The meat in all the bugers were pretty good tasting the buns on the sliders were more like dinner rolls.             We also had some capt  fries I think that 's what they call it, it had bacon ,carmelized onion , cheese and a whole lot of tartar sauce , i mean specail sauce.  I should have ordered the fries plain.             We will give it another shot and try something else , until then 2 stars . I don't get the hoopla am I missing something?
4	Quirky fun and awesome sliders.  I've always loved the truck and this location manages to capture most of the charm.  The mystery slider can be fun but choose at your own risk.  It is a little hit or miss.The Barby is the whole reason to eat here.  It is a perfect combination of flavors that always has me coming back.
3	Checked out Slidin Thru HQ during our recent adventure to Vegas.  Interesting setup, as there wasn't an official sign on the building, we found it by spotting their truck parked out front.  The inside is fun and interesting, but they definitely need more seating, that's for sure.I ordered the Barby, Captain's Order and the Pep Pep.  First off, I'm not a fan of the whole Angus Beef thing.  I love my beef but, I just don't care for it.  With that said however, I actually liked the meat in my sliders.  It was tasty and juicy but even though it's in a slider size, it's still overwhelming.The Barby was good, it was a nice combo of ingredients, can't hate on the fried onions and bacon, they both can make any burger, or in this case, slider better!  The Pep Pep was alright, probably a little too basic, even though that's what they were going for.  The Captain's Order, yikes.  Although it sounded awesome on their menu, with the feta cheese, bacon, arugula, roma tomato and the balsamic reduction, oh man...it killed my palette.  Balsamic and beef is not a good combination, it almost made me feel like the beef tasted rancid.However, we ordered the Captain's Order in a french fry form and that redeemed oh Captain, my captain.  That was probably the most bomb order of fries I've ever had, next to Carne Asada Fries.  It was seriously delicious, the ingredient combo worked for the fries, but not for the slider.The s/o ordered the Pulled Porky, the Barby and the Mystery Slider, which was a French Dip.  Although the s/o was excited to find out that the Mystery Slider was a French Dip unfortunately, all three were quite meh.  What set it off was that they charged an extra $2 for the Mystery Slider.Speaking of which, the pricing was pretty decent, we both just disagreed with the $2 premium on the Mystery Slider, which made it a $5 slider.  Also, I don't know why they have to be so shady on soda refills.  Apparently, the first refill is free and they'll even mark your cup, but any additional refills are $0.50 each.  The hit my hot button, charging for refills, I consider that bad business, especially for a burger joint, no bueno.Overall, Slidin Thru HQ was alright, way overrated.  Would I come back?  Yeah, but just for the fries and nothing else.
5	I've heard a lot about the Slidin' Thru Truck and have been wanting to try it for a while now, so it was awesome to find out that they have an actual restaurant that you can go to.  It is in an offbeat area (a business park) and is located right next to a bar/gaming lounge (there are no signs on the outside...just have to walk into the lounge to get in).I definitely agree that the food is top notch.  The menu is only made up of sliders and fries, but the quality of the food is awesome.  You are able to mix and match up to three sliders.  I had the barby, yaya, and pep pep sliders.  All three sliders were great and each one had distinctive flavors.  The barby is a bbq style slider, the yaya is a greek style slider, and the pep pep is a cheese and bacon slider with special sauce.  They don't seem that big at first, but I was pretty stuffed after eating three of them.They also have sweet potato fries that are covered in cinnamon sugar, which was surprisingly pretty good.The place itself has a fun and friendly atmosphere and our server was very nice and helpful.  Oh, and they have an NBA Jam arcade machine that has free play on it...very cool.I would definitely come back again to try the other sliders and their specialty fries.
3	Been tempted by the reviews for a few weeks now, my husband keeps talking about them, we knew we'd be heading here today, it was slider day! This place is hidden in a group of buildings that look empty or closed during the weekend. Once in the parking lot, you think you're heading into a bar, but once in the door, a quick turn to the right and you're in Slidin' Thru HQ! It's colorful, full of surprises, video games, big screen TVs, graffiti on the walls, and today no one else around, we look over the small selection and make our choices of three: Barby, Captains order and Pep Pep, it seems this combination is ordered frequently, what better way to taste the difference and decide on your favorite? The least liked, Captains order, it was different, the arugula, feta cheese and balsamic reduction went well together, but I am an old fashion burger lover, so I want something simple. My favorite, Pep Pep, it's most like my idea of a burger, simple, bacon lettuce, tomato, onions, pickle, and sauce. Couldn't leave without trying some fries, the Captains order something different, fries, smothered with bacon, cheese, onions, and special sauce, it tasted like tartar sauce, something that would go good with my fish burger, I didn't really care for this. I know we'll be back, there are other things on the menu like the pulled pork and the sweet potato fries I want to try. At least I now know what to expect and if the Constancy is there, it'll be worth a return trip.
5	One word...YUMMY!  Two more words...DELICIOUSLY PRICED!  Two more words...MUST TRY! Slidin' Thru HQ is the perfect storm of selection, unique flavors, and value! As a self-proclaimed burger connoisseur, I have tried many burger places in town.  Slidin' Thru HQ ranks as one of the top three in my book!Let's start with the burgers.  They are the perfect combination of gourmet and and simplicity.  My personal favorite is the Captain Slider.  It has simple ingredients, yet is topped with balsamic reduction and feta cheese.  I also LOVE the Pulled Porky!  This is Slidin' Thru's version of a pulled pork BBQ sandwich.  The devilishly tender pork is topped with caramelized jalapenos!  I was nervous at first, but the caramelizing process produces a sweet heat, rather than a burning sensation.  No visit to the Slidin' Thru HQ is complete without trying some of their specialty fries.  In a nutshell, they take the toppings from their sliders and pile them atop crispy made to order french fries.  Once again, Slidin' Thru creates a flavor masterpiece in the S'mores fries!  Think campfire favorite meets urban cuisine!  Marshmallows, chocolate, and Graham cracker crumbs coat sweet potato fries!  This is by far the most sinfully delicious item on the menu!  While this may be sweetness overload, the portion size is HUGE!  This is definitely an item you would want to share!  A great date night idea!  Slidin' Thru HQ gave the bar slider a much needed makeover.  No longer does greasy cheese cut it!  No sir!  If you want some delicious burgers with flavor that will kick start your taste buds, you MUST stop by!
4	I have eaten here several times (including the Grand Opening) and before this would make it a point to visit the truck once every other week depending on location, time, etc.The Grand Opening was CRAZY.  I guess I don't have a problem finding this place because that night it was hard to miss - the truck was there, a video game truck, a TON of cars as well as a crazy line.  They do have a great fan base.  The restaurant directly reflects the feel almost perfectly of the truck.  It's awesome.  Also, LOVE the retro games.  I am a little sad the photo booth disappeared after the grand opening - that was so fun!  It would be a cute idea to keep around for customers to post their pics with their mini-burgs.  =)Seating is VERY limited and a couple of times I have eaten in their lounge couch-type area.  I half-joking, half-seriously suggested to one of them that they should get some TV trays.  Hey, a TV is already in there.The prices of the mystery sliders can be a little much but it IS special and the one I don't regretting paying extra for is the Buffalo Soldier.  Do I wish it was a dollar or two cheaper?  Yeah, but I also don't frequent this place enough to nickle and dime their prices.  It is a treat and I treat it as such.  =)Only downer is the service.  I know the employees are friendly and at the truck I NEVER had an issue, but here they can be *too* friendly -- more often than not when I have been waiting to order or actually in the process of ordering they will greet (and chat for a few minutes with) someone that has come up to the counter instead of addressing the person already in front of them.  I really did not like that.  It's cool that you know a lot of your patrons, but it's still a business.  Customer service is a pet peeve of mine.  I guess if you are someone who comes here religiously or are friends with them outside of the restaurant it's cool, but for most of us who don't really fit in that category it just feels tacky.What to order: Porky w/o 'penos, PepPep fries w/extra sauce... and the epic, crazy, out-of-this-world, make-sure-you-have-friends-to-share-them-with-or-you-will-get-diabetes S'mores Sweet Fries.  Holy amazing, Batman.  Go get some.  Then brush your teeth before you get cavities... but then go order some more.
5	if you see the comic book truck parked in the front, your in the right place.  careful to go to the right when you walk up to the entrance.  there's two sides to this building, the door to the left goes to the poker bar, so veer to the right for yummy burger goodness.the art on the wall... SICK!  the decor and layout is comfortable and clean... colorful and inviting.   it's not the biggest place and doesn't offer a lot of seating, so... they need to add a couple more tables.  for our first visit... we came in at like 2:30 am after a night of drinking and it was loud.  I guess they had a guest DJ who blasted trip hop music for what seemed like thousands when there really was only 10 people in the whole joint... 8 of the 10 was our group, so it was a bit overwhelming in the little restaurant.   I did my best to drone out the hypnotic music to focus on the most important task at hand:  deciding my burger coma fate! but it was tough.the mystery slider is different everyday? every week.. idk but on this particular night.. MY  "special" was the captain's order...  cucumber, arugula, feta, bacon, balsamic reduction...  holy crap, i was in heaven!  Barby= my husband loved.. caramelized jalapeno?  WHAT?  Pulled Pork= we both loved... the pulled pork was excellent. i've also tried the pep pep which is also an amazing burger. All the specialty fries are super good as well.. but I love the sweetness of the sweet potato fries or "s'mores fries".. DUDE.  SO GOOD. althooooough, we did go there one time and they offered sweet potato tots because they ran out of fries?  i decided to skip the tots and overload on the captain fries... which, was the bomb.com.My favorite burger: caprese  mozzarella, eggplant, basil... sigh. i want one now.  prices are a little high.. 3 sliders for 10 bucks..and you can mix and match. trust, it's well worth it.  it fills you up and you'll definitely have tried something you've probably never experienced before when it comes to a specialty burgers.. very awesome.
5	In all honesty, sliders are usually not my thing, but since I tried slidin' thru, I crave them all the time! They have a bunch of different options depending on what you feel like, and I've tried the yaya, caprese, plain jane, and pep pep. They're all so good! So many different flavors in such a little burger. On top of that, the fries are amazing. Carne asada fries got nothinnn on them.
5	Can we say OMG..the fries and specialty mini burgs(Scarface)!!!
5	Friends: "So where do you want to go eat?"Me: "Hmm...how bout this awesome place called Slidin' Thru?"I think I've taken all my friends here, and have subsequently turned them all into Slidin' Thru fans. Fries update: I came here recently, and am so excited to share with everyone that their sweet potato fries are now crinkly! The ridges make the fries more crispy and more cinnamon sugary. These fries are perfectly cooked too. I guess I caught Slidin' Thru on a bad day during my past encounter with their sweet potato fries. But on a good day, these fries are addictive.
5	Yum! I finally tried this truck after following it in twitter. They were located on Durango and Centennial (where they will opening a restaurant soon). Down to the food...I ordered the Captains Order and Barbe, which were both really delicious and loaded with flavor. I ordered my daughter the plain jane which consist of cheese and ketchup, which she loved. I took a bite of my bf's pulled pork slider which is really good. So far no disappointment from me. The staff was really friendly and helpful because I did ask them which one is the most popular slider and sure enough it was the pulled pork. I'd definitely come back and try some of the other sliders.
4	Food is always good although the service could be better and seating is limited.  I prefer the truck.
2	My recomendation: If your'e looking for a place to eat, don't eat here. If you're looking for a hang out spot, this place is perfect.Slidin' Through has a great atmosphere. The HQ has a modern/street feel to it. The art on the walls and all the props are cool. The employees are "spunky" and very helpfull. The DJ was dope, although some songs were unedited versions. This place is definitely aimed towards teens and young adults. The first time I went, I got the Barby fries. The portions are pretty big, too bad that doesn't make up for how awful it tastes. The ingredients SOUND good (fries topped with cheddar, carmalized jalepeno, crispy fried onions, bacon and BBQ sauce) but it just doesn't pull together very nicely. I was so upset when I got them since I had heard about them being good. The waitress even assured me that they were. I just didn't find them tasty. I tried some of their sliders my next visit. Was not impressed....
4	I would come here any day of the century instead of standing in front of their truck in a long assed line.  Places to sit?  Restrooms? No chance of my napkins flying away in the wind while I'm trying to put ketchup in a paper bag full of fries? I'm THERE!!The set up of HQ is awesome...all the art, lights and music.  It feels like the Jabbawockeez could come rumbling out from the kitchen and break into a full blown performance in the middle of this place.    We've had all the burgers on the standard menu with the Pep being my personal fave.  I had to try the mystery slider too.  The name escapes me but it was pretty wild.  It included fried chicken, mozzarella sticks, bacon and some other goodies.  Pretty much the greatest slider for 4:20.  The other highlight for me were the superfries.  Quite possibly some of the best late night drunk combinations ever.  One order could easily be enough for 3 people.  You couldn't go wrong with any of their selection.Staff is great too!
5	The entire idea of this joint: NARLEYThe sliders: HIT(no miss). Juicy. Abundant. Tasty. Fries: Bomb-dig. Perfect texture.Soda: the yooj(usual)Art: I'm sitting inside the walls of a comic book and a giant crane machine of human slider fiends.The folks: more chill than an ice box.Post sliders,Elevated satisfaction for my scrap dollars. I noticed limited seating, but I dig the red semi-circle booths. BAM! I'm coming back for some late night eats. Come.
5	I've been here about four times, each late on a Monday night w/ coworkers. I'm yet to have one bad experience. Our bartender is always a doll and keeps a good eye on everyone there. The food is delish. I'm yet to have one slider that I would not try again. The place is always clean, laid back and fun.  It's not in some ghetto area where I have to worry about being shot. Pricing is totally legit and they don't skimp on the food or booze. This is always a place that I am excited to come back to and will definitely take my visiting friends to.
5	Usually not a burger fan but this was an exception. The food is the bomb.Got myself 2 Barby sliders for $5, a nice sized slider with a lot of taste and texture, I loved it, the sauce is still lingering in my mouth, excellent combination of sweet and heat. Added some Pepefries for $5 which was loaded with cheese, bacon, and their super sauce, enough for a meal by it self.  And some Calypso Ocean Blue Lemonade.  They have good selection of bottled drinks and sodas for $2.It really felt like a good chill place to hangout and out of the vegas heat. I like the comic book decoration all over the place, magazine clips on the wall of the restroom, arcade games which is not free, different dining or sitting areas, and food.Had some trouble finding the place, missed the big Slidin' Thru HQ logo on the window, located in the same building as Paradise Poker Club.
5	I've seen Slidin' Thru come from just a simple idea to the full blown phenomenon they are now.  I'll I can say is "WOW!"  The guys that put this place together use to work with a close friend of mine and they actually made it happen.  The set up at their headquarters is colorfully painted with space themed murals.  They also have arcade games set off to the side and 1950s styled diner tables. Favorite slider would have to be their pulled porkies and a mystery slider that had pastrami in it.   They also have a bunch of choices for french fries too.More details for next time I stop in...
5	What can I say...this place is the ONLY place to buy sliders.  I have tried their sliders a few times and, wow, this place is only going to get bigger and bigger.  The atmosphere inside is really colorful, with the walls fulls of amazingly painted artwork.  The service is great and a lot of fun. The people who work there really enjoy there jobs and it shows.  One more tip - try the Sweet Potato Smores.
4	The headquarters is a bit difficult to find as there's no large sign indicating it's there.  They also had their truck out in the parking lot, so I can see why some people got confused and thought they'd be ordering from the truck.  Anyway, once inside, we were transported into a very colorfully decorated restaurant with graffiti art everywhere.We ordered six urgers:-The Barby - Great little burger with BBQ sauce and crispy onion strings.  Would order this one again.-The Yaya - Basically a "Greek" burger.  Tasted okay.-The Pulled Porky - One of my favorites.  Sweet and savory!-Captain's Order - Came with a balsamic reduction and bacon.  I'm not a fan of Feta Cheese, so I only took a small bite.-The Caprese - For vegetarians.  I didn't like this one too much - it was too big to bite, though the fresh mozzarella was good-The Mystery Slider -  FYI - this is an extra $2.  I can't recall everything in it, but it had a TON of meat, which I think was sliced steak.  Seriously - a ton of meat.  I don't recall much else about it.-Fries - VERY crunchy - almost made me think they were burnt.  However, I like crunchy fries, so I really liked these.The burgers were 3 for $7 (or 3 for $9 if you order one Mystery Slider).  The six burgers were too much for the two of us.  While the burgers were creative, I wish they'd change their buns.  The buns were really hard (probably bc they grilled them) and too big.  We ended up throwing the top part of the buns away and eating the patty with the meat on the bottom.  I like a bun that is crisp on the outside yet soft on the inside.  These were more like lumps of bread.  Outside of that, everything else was good and the employees working there are really friendly.
4	yum!! my cousin took us here cuz she insisted we HAD to try it and im glad we did! my friend and i shared 2 peppep sliders and pepfries (i think those were the names).. the sliders look tiny but man i felt like i was eating a whole cheeseburger! that thing was filling! definitely worth your money. the fries were full of flavor. very tasty! i'm looking forward to coming back sometime and hopefully trying other kinds of sliders!
5	this is such a cool joint! it`s out of the cuts so we got a little lost trying to find it but once we walked in, i was so thrilled by all of the decor. even the menu was very exciting to me. my bf and i shared two pep pep sliders, a pulled porky, and sweet potato fries. i really liked the pep pep sliders and i was surprised by how many bites it took to finish it! definitely a satisfying size. the fry order was pretty small, esp compared to the special fry orders which are only.,. $2 more? i'd say if you're in a big group, a bunch of you should just split the pep pep fries or whatev cuz those looked crazy good, too bad i was too full to try them. the sweet potato fries were, as my friends put it, "like a dessert!" i really liked the overall experience of this place. such a unique venue with a menu to match it.  wish i tried their mystery burger or at least asked what it was but i figured that it was the end of the night so maybe they were all out. the cashier was nice and was very happy to keep refilling our water cups. i was surprised that for such a small place, it was not crowded at all. maybe it was just the time? but either way, it was a good experience! oh ya and cool trash cans that seem ninja turtle-y! when do you ever see those in real life?
5	I'm so spoiled having their HQ down the street from where I work. Their attitude is always phenomenal, their prices are unbelievable, and the sliders are AMAZING. They deserve every bit of the buzz they're getting. I would like to have a couple of their Caprese sliders as my final meal on my death bed.
5	You gotta try this place. Love the feel and atmosphere. Everyone is super chill and love the loud music . The food is awesome. The barby is the best slider on the menu and the fries are great to.
4	Great place for a quick bite if you're by the airport. We drove 20 minutes to get there and would gladly do it again. The thoughtfully crafted sliders are a breath of fresh air in a city over run with In n' Outs. Everyone working there is friendly albeit a little eccentric, but for a younger crowd there's no place better for a cheap meal and good music.
1	I'd heard such great things about this place, so maybe my expectations were too high.  First off, there is no signage whatsoever on the building.  I circled the building a couple times and probably would have just gone home, but I decided to go in the bar (Paradise Poker) and ask the bartender where this place was, since bartenders generally know everything.  Turns out, it's right next to the bar, but you can't see it until you actually get out of your car.   I was there with a group of friends celebrating a birthday, and on paper, this seemed like a great place for a party.  They have 2 arcade games and an xbox hooked up on the big screen.  One of the arcade games was broken and my friend had to mess with the TV for a while to get the xbox to work (notice my friend was doing this, not the employees).  The place, although colorfully decorated, was pretty dirty.  It looked like the floor hadn't been swept all day.  The employees working were a bunch of young guys who seemed to care more about hanging out with each other than serving the customers.  One of their friends was just hanging out there drinking a tall can of bud light (do they have the proper license for that??), and they would rather talk to him than the customers.  We all got in line to order our food.  I ordered first and tried to get the pulled pork slider.  He told me they were out of pork.  So I went with the "mystery" slider, the barby, and the pep pep.  Apparently they charge $2 extra (almost the price of another slider) for the mystery slider.  He did not mention this to me when ordering.  Like I said, I ordered first out of the group, but everyone else (6-7 orders) got their food before I got mine.  Obviously they forgot about my order.  Almost a half hour later I finally got my sliders.  The employee tried to high five me when he finally brought it out.  No "sorry for the wait sir" or anything remotely professional.  Most of my friends were almost done eating at this point.  So now to the food: The barby slider was by far the best out of the three.  The pep pep was also good.  The mystery slider that cost me $5 was just a piece of meat with two fried, overcooked stuffed jalapenos on it.  I took one bite and tossed it.  To top it all off, about 20 minutes after leaving I had a mean case of the sh*ts.   I'll never go there again, and I'd advise anyone who values customer service to avoid this place like the plague.
3	First of all I'm not into the whole food truck trend.  As a semi-mature adult I'm not fascinated by the contradiction of gourmet food from a roach coach.  I'm also not into twitter even though the media is shoving it down my throat every chance it gets.I went to the HQ location instead of the truck, but all my stereotypes about food trucks and those that frequent them were completely satisfied.  The music playing was some horrible electronic garbage that was turned up all the way to level 11.  I couldn't hear myself think.  Squared off rimmed glasses and flat billed baseball caps as far as the eye could see.  The walls were covered with graffiti murals.  I had entered the Land of Douche.The girl behind the counter was pretty nice and friendly even though I was a regular human being instead of a hipster emo scene kid.I ordered two sliders, the barby and the pulled porky.  Let me preface by saying that I don't like sliders.  They are a waste of money.  Sliders are always too much bun and not enough substance.  These were no exception.The barby was barbecue sauce and onion straws and bacon.  The bacon was pretty good as it was caramelized.  A pretty standard combination of toppings that is hard to screw up.  Well, they didn't screw up the toppings, they screwed up the burger.  The burger was overcooked and dry.  An overcooked burger with a ton of bun and a little bit of topping is not my idea of a tasty meal.The pulled pork slider didn't have enough sauce.  I think it would have been pretty good actually if it was wetter.  Also, even though I've mentioned it a few times already, this had too much bun.The best part of my meal was the fries which I got topped with the barby stuff.  Although delicious I can't give slidin' thru too much credit; it's pretty hard to ruin something as good as fries topped with bacon, cheese, and bbq sauce.  I would have perfered thicker and less crispy fries though.In short, this place is wildly overrated and is so hipster-centric that it's irritating.
5	You ain't down
5	What can I say about this place, that hasn't been already said. If you love there food truck, you'll love their HQ. Kind of unsure about their location, which seems to be in the middle of a industrial park , next to a small casino. But its an easy access to get to. Just off Sunset on the corner of Paradise and Grier is where Slidin Thru HQ is. If you can't find it, you may see signs for Paradise Poker Club first, and its right next door. It is kind of small, but it has a patio area where you can eat outside, also an inside area where its very uniquely designed and air conditioned. Enough room to eat inside and chill for a bit. I say its well designed, especially for those who love their food. I usually go for the Pep Pep sliders and their Barby fries. The sliders are easily to finish, but the fries on the other hand, are a lot to handle. They are really really good, its just they give you a big bowl of it. Got to love it! If you love the food truck, you'll love the HQ even more.
4	More food than you expect, good sliders,  good fries, wide variety of drinks. I felt old eating there a it seems to cater to a younger demographic
5	best sliders in town thats it.............YOUAINTDOWN
5	Slidin' Thru's HQ is in a convenient place near the airport. I like the retro laid back atmosphere that resembles much of the design of their food truck. Eventually they're going to build another one up in the centennial area in North Las Vegas. Anyone that likes pulled pork will enjoy that pulled porky slider!
5	I am hoping to be the 80th review of Slidin' Thru HQ.This place is as awesome as a Hall and Oates Album, an autograph Air Supply poster, and a case of PBR.....yes....it has a special place in my heart. A couple years ago, the Slidin Thru truck aka The Slider Truck opened up, and I was blown away by it's magical levels of wonder. Did that last sentence make any sense? No. Who the hell cares?Everything about this brick and mortar location is aesthetically pleasing and matches the tone that Ric set when the truck opened for business a while back.The Barbie, the Pep, the Ya Ya...everything is amazing. You won't be disappointed with this place, because it truly is a gem amongst gems in Vegas. The only downside, is the location. It's a little tricky to find, so make sure that whoever is sitting shotgun, pays attention. I got lucky. I had my buddy with me, and he is astute with these things. Well done, Bruce Wayne....Well done, indeed.I can't wait to come back.P.S. More locations are going to pop up. NW and SW.....
4	Excellent gub here! Headlined by the Ya-Ya, They only reason I couldn't go 5 stars is the last few times the burgers have been a tad under done. Still recommended though! Don't forget to try the bottled coke!
2	The restaurant has really gone down quality-wise. I've rated this place before with the highest stars but definitely feel different now that it's been open a while. The last couple of times I've gone it's been awful. Today I took a few friends and all three of our orders were wrong. We had three orders of specialty fries and 8 sliders in total. 3 sliders were made wrong and two of the fries were made wrong. I went during the free slider if you mentioned the Facebook post day. It took forever to get our food, which was fine because it was packed, but every order of fries that went out while I was there were seriously completely black from being so burnt. Not even edible. The place was great when it first opened. Now it seems like they could give a damn less what they put out. After the last couple of experiences I don't think I will go back again.
3	Okay first experience. Worth a second try.
