4	This is yet another one of those great restaurants hiding in a tacky strip mall.  Its been around forrreeverrr or least since I've been in Vegas (the late 80s).  In Vegas time, the late 80s is the beginning of time.  Anyhow, I digress.  There are the super flashy, art food, shiny new Benihana type places popping up all over town.  I still love the Geisha over all the spit polished newbies.  I've yet to have a dull chef, bad food or bad time for that matter.  If its beneath you to head towards the Boulder Hwy "hood," then you're missing out.  But then again the place is so small perhaps I shouldn't be sharing info about this little Ginsu knife tossing delight.   The more the merrier, I guess.
5	My boyfriend's favorite restaurant for all birthdays, anniversaries, or graduations is Geisha Steakhouse. At first, I didn't know why at first, but now it's clear. I'm not exactly sure if this is a franchise, but it doesn't feel like it. The restaurant is small and I recommend making reservations way in advance or you could wait an hour or more for a table. Considering there are only like six tables total, it's understandable. We always get a mix of seafood, chicken, and steak. This is the best way to go, especially for a big party. The wait staff is always friendly, and eager to pour sake down your throat. Don't be fooled by the lack of decoration, it's really not what this place is about. The food more than makes up for it. At least once, get away from all of the teppan yaki places around the strip, and try Geisha. If will hook you, or at least get you drunk.Recommended meal: The combo dinner complete with shrimp, lobster, chicken, steak and soup/salad appetizers.Recommended drink: I don't think you have a choice, but sake goes great with the meal.Recommended company: Getting rowdy in this small area seems to be the norm, so a night out with friends is the way to go, not so much for the romantics.
5	In my humble opinion, they have the best sushi and rolls in Las Vegas.  I have never actually sat down to eat, but it is a very nice environment as well.  I think they have a DJ after 10pm.As for the cooked food, I haven't tried.  But it seems like it is a Bennehanna style of cooking.  Not really my cup of tea.  But smells yummy.
5	This is the best Hibachi table restaurant in the Vegas Valley. I have been to at least a dozen, but this one easily wins that title.No, this place isn't in the most desirable end of town. Desert Inn and Sandhill - there is no denying this is a dumpy part of town. The place is even in a suite in a shopping center next to a Mexican church. No joke. But the food here is to die for, and the staff are all excellent, with a good sense of humor. I have had the chicken and steak dishes they have to offer - all come out excellent. The fried rice is the best in town, and the other items won't fail to please either. It's good to see a restaurant that isn't so obsessed with decorating their restaurant that it comes at the expense of food. This place is always welcoming. I admit, I'm not a huge fan of the "all red" lighting scheme in here, but it's a small price to pay for great food. Max, the guy who almost always cooks for me and my family, has a great personality and cooking skills alike. I don't think I have ever come in here and been dissatisfied, even if someone else was cooking for us. Yes, this place is in a bad part of town. But it's worth going to nonetheless. For top-notch Hibachi table dining with great service, look no further than this all-too-often overlooked hole-in-the-wall of a restaurant.
5	I love there food I usually visit the one by my house on patrick and fort apache.  It has a great happy hours and is a great place to watch games
4	It's true that Geisha House is not in a good area of town and that its strip mall setting leaves much to be desired as far as hip atmosphere goes....but really, I think that makes me like it all the more. It seems like you've really found something when you come in here to eat. The decor inside is totally cheesy with Chinese lanterns and fake bamboo everywhere, but at least it doesn't look like a PT's like everything else in this town! The teppanyaki is very good. There is lots of butter in every dish and also lots of "secret sauce," which, from what I can gather, is a flavored butter, so if you are watching your calories, this is not the place for you! Prices are reasonable - lower than Benihana for the exact same meal & show.Service is excellent - I have always had a very good experience with the friendly hosts/bartenders/chefs.Overall, Geisha House is not exactly a special-occasion restaurant, but it is a good fun place to go for a night out.
3	It was ok. We went in a Tuesday night, we were in and seated within a 5 minutes. our server was very efficient in getting the food. We ordered the special for 34.99 a person which includes filet mignon, shrimp, chicken, and lobster with either sake,
5	Geisha House!  My best friend Justin took me to dinner the other night to the Geisha House. We walked in with NO reservation and had to wait just a few minutes.  Not long at all really. The hostess sat us at a table with three women whom we didn't know.. But with hibachi dining there is always the opportunity to make friends! We ordered the Geisha Special which Includes:Choice of AppetizerSmall Sake, House wine or Soft DrinkSoup and SaladHibachi ShrimpMushrooms, Onions, Zucchini,Bean Sprouts and Fried riceEntrees:Filet Mignon, Chicken and LobsterWe started with some wine. Then a vegetable and shrimp tempura - delicious!Then Joshua our hibachi chef came out and began his magic. He welcomed us and made a huge poof of flames on the grill. Then he cracked some eggs to make the rice... I actually got a picture of his flying egg and will post it later.  Then he added the eggs to the house sweet rice. Delicious and even though I watched him make it.. I still do not know everything that is in it.  He madea darling heart out of our rice before serving it up. Thank goodness he let us eat while  he started cooking some  zuccini, mushroom and onion.   and began cooking the meat .. YUM.We had more wine then the girls at our table drank some sake bombs.. the staff yelled Sake SakeWe yelled Bomb Bomb Think Irish Car Bomb only sapporo beer and shots of sake. This is one of the truly great meals and a must do in Vegas. If you have a hankerin for a hibachi grill this is just as good as Benihana and less expensive... And you can definitely make some new and interesting friends while drinking the sake bomb...
4	My friend purchased the Groupon and we ate there for dinner one night. Afterwards, I really wished I had purchased the Groupon too so we could have gone again! We were seated at a table with another couple, we were able to chat with them a little bit but it wasn't disruptive at all when we wanted to have our own conversation. The hostess was friendly and the service was great, they really put on a fun show.
4	went there for Shabu Shabu because I read many good reviews.  However they no longer serve it.  Since I was already all the way out there I decided to give the grill a shot.  WOW.  I have eaten Teppanyaki all over the world, but this place was the BEST I have ever had. They have some secret pink substance they put on everything.  whatever it is - is the game changer.  plus our chef KING was very skilled.  did flair moves I had never seen, and cooked my steak MED RARE to perfection.  Forget the rest - this place is the new king of Teppanyaki for me in Las Vegas.    Only down side preventing the 5 stars = they forgot my Sake I ordered with the Dinner special.  And I had to wait to chase THEM down.  Once they take your order they disappear so dont expect attentive service.  Also, they boxed everyone's food except my daughters.  didnt even ask.  so the service gets 2.5 stars.  KING and the food get 5 stars.  Im coming back!
4	Always love this place thought it is a little warm in there during the summer.  Geisha special, shrimp and vegitable tempura et. al.  Can't miss!
4	This place is great, and located in a nice neighborhood. We decided to order the NY steak and scallops, with an appetizer, instead of the larger deal (which included dessert) that the waiter suggested. It was actually plenty of food for two, and we had no room for any dessert. As an appetizer, we had the shrimp tempura, and they had a cream cheese stuffing. They were delicious, and about 6 per serving. The steak was solid, though a bit overdone for my taste (I asked for medium). The scallops were buttery and delicious. The fried rice was the best part! They use a special butter with which to fry it, and it is to die for! Our chef was very entertaining too. Overall, it is a great place with good ambiance, and a friendly staff. I will be coming back many times.
5	So I totally thought this was THE Geisha House when I was looking up steakhouses on Yelp and it took my boyfriend and I like an hour to find this place because a)we're not from around Vegas, b)where the eff does desert inn road come from? c)it was night time and the sign to Geisha House is this tiny little thing and I was looking for the fancy Geisha House. So yeah, we were a little reluctant to go inside, considering the scenery was pretty ghetto and run-down but i'm SO GLAD we did because this was the best steak I have ever had in my little life.Both of us ordered the NY steak strip-this piece of meat was so tender and such good quality, it might as well have been filet mignon. The chef did his thing and cooked everything in front of us, playing with knives and what not, adding magic red stuff here and a bottle labeled "diet coke" there, creating the most delicious meal I have ever had. I mean, seriously, this may be my number one meal to have before I die. I'm coming back to Vegas from Geisha House. YUMWith the NY Steak, you get three pieces of shrimp, the best fried rice ever (they add sesame seeds which are a nice touch), vegetables (mushrooms, onions, zucchini, and bean sprouts) and soup (some kind of mushroom miso soup, so good) and salad (your basic Japanese salad with ginger dressing, amazing!) All of this is for 20 dollars. Service was impeccable, atmosphere is cozy and intimate and not exactly   very elegant, but my bf and I don't roll that way anyway; we would rather have good quality food over ambiance. Over-all..A+. This makes me sad that we live in California and not near this Japanese steakhouse.
4	We came here on a Sunday night around 7:30pm. Finding the place was slightly difficult, the center they're located in took down the sign for the business. Pulling up to the restaurant, we were a little weirded out BUT, fellow yelpers had left really good reviews so we went in anyway!The hostess and staff were very friendly. We were the only group there so we were seated immediately. The food was delicious! I haven't had teppan taste that good in a long time! I had ordered the shrimp meal. Their fried rice was really tasty.. they put some pink paste on all the food... it's awesome. lol. the chef kept calling it strawberry ice cream, it's good stuff. The chef was very friendly, he had mentioned that he had only been doing teppan for about 8 months.. his tricks weren't too crazy, but he sure did know how to cook :DAnyway! -- they give you a ton of food for the price. It's delicious, I want to come back here again. I really hope more people come here, whatever happens, don't be turned down by the sketchy center it's located in! :)
5	This place is so fun! They have tables of 6-7 that encircle a hot grill where the chef comes and cooks your food in front of you. The fried rice is delish! The chef will also do fire-ish tricks with the veggies and will fling his cutlery around. The table next to us was yelling 'SAKEEE BOMBB!!' The thing I didn't like was that the cut up your filet mignon and cook it as small pieces. I prefer my steak whole and to cut it myself..I mean, that's the whole point of steak isn't it? Besides that the food was very delicious.The dinner menu is very limited. You pick an entree: filet mignon, new york steak, shrimp, fish..and it comes with fried rice and veggies. You get free ice cream if you check in on Facebook.
5	Geisha House, how much do I love this place ?Well I have been eating here for 21 years, through 3 owners and who knows how many chefs.The food is as good today as it was 21 years ago. Yes it is a little hard to find, but oh so worth it.The food is delicious, the chefs are fun, the service is good oh and the food is delicious...Yeah it is that good.
2	I was really excited to try this place because of the good reviews, however I was disappointed. When we first arrived there was nobody waiting and only 2 tables had people at them however we had to wait 25 minutes to be seated. When we finally got a seat we ordered drinks from the bar they were out of three different things we ordered. The food was not that good. My chicken was dry and the chef popped hot oil on me and burnt me. Food was definitely too pricey for the quality. The sake was good and the staff was friendly but I would not recommend.
5	I went here for Valentine's day with my boyfriend and boy was it delicious! They cook everything with this pink paste that they call "Special Sauce" which makes everything taste amazing. We had Filet Mignon, Chicken, and Lobster. On top of the three entrees that came along with the order, each person was given 3 pieces of shrimp which tasted amazing. They had just the right amount of lemon and seasoning.  Appetizer I Would Recommend: -The egg rolls! they were delicious and had the perfect amount of sauce and seasoning. The wrappers for the egg rolls were perfectly cooked, slightly crunchy and very light.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to have a fun night out with a group or even just your significant other. I will definitely be coming back here again :)
5	Taste, chef's technic and service has reached to a top level. Why do I say that? Because I had a really great and funny time in Geisha.  The restaurant is at corner of a plaza; not hard to find if comes from Desert Inn. They had a huge exquisite tablet at the storefront, and the decoration outside is not perfunctory neither. Before we went in, I already understood why it is worth so many five stars here.I made a reservation before I went there with my friends. When we walked into the store, the waiter greeted me within a second and asked me how many people. I said I reserved for five people, and he immediately asked am I Felix? Wow, did he remember the whole list of reservations? he did surprise me. After we sat down, everything ran very smooth...drink, promote and order. During the  waiting time, there is a birthday boy at the next table, then the chef brought out a small desert and sang a song for him. They were pretty nice to their customers.We ordered two Geisha Specials, one Shrimp Hibachi, one New York Steak Hibachi and one Salmon Special. For my Geisha Special, I had a hot sake for the meal. It was not a big glass, but tasted very good.....Less than 15 mins, the chef came out with a huge smile. He pulled a food ingredient cart next to the iron plate, and started cooking. While he was cooking, he kept talking and made fun to relax the whole atmosphere. I loved the way how he performed the art of food. For example, he made a heart with an arrow using fried rice, and even made it "pulsate." He made us laugh so loud. About the food, my Geisha Special had chicken, shrimp, lobster and beef for entrees. The most delicious entree for me was definitely the beef. I thought it was sirloin, but I was not sure. It tasted very soft and juicy. The whole special fed me and fulfilled my stomach. Besides, our server did a very great job on serving us - he talked very polite and friendly, and kept asking us if we needed anything like water or more food. This is the attitude that every server should possess. Here is my little recommendation: make reservation before you go, and it can let your dinner more convenient and smooth-going in Geisha.
4	We went on a Tuesday night. We were the only people in the restaurant. Service was fast and friendly. The chef was really good, funny and did some awesome tricks. Everyone at our table of 4 was pleased and had plenty to eat. Get hibachi steakhouse!
5	I've been coming here since I was a kid for special occasions. After been away from years, I finally came back to celebrate my Dad's birthday. You need a reservation, especially with 8 of us. We arrived right on time, but since half of our party wasn't there, they wouldn't sit us, which was really annoying since their waiting area is ridiculously uncomfortable. A few cushions wouldn't hurt!Anyway, once we were seated the amazing service that I'm used to shined through. We all ordered and after about 10 minutes, our awesome chef was out to cook our food and give us a good show. As usual, the portions were big and the food was delish. We ordered at least one of each entree and the dinner for two special is a deal. The shrimp was amazing, the lobster was alright and on the small side, the steaks (new york and filet) we cooked perfectly, and the scallops were killer. Overall this place is still as good as it was 15 years ago and the prices are still really great for what you get. Plus you can buy their secret sauce and salad dressing to take home with you. Sweet!
5	Hands down THE best Japanese Steakhouse in Las Vegas.  The staff is super attentive and thoughtful, they are on the ball!! They had great suggestions, and paid careful attention to make sure we were happy. The show was super cute and had all the fireworks to make it a great night!The food OMG the food...I had the Geisha Special, which had Filet Mignon, Lobster, Shrimp, and Chicken.  The Filet was super tender high quality beef, melts in your mouth! Best shrimp ever, even my boyfriend loved it and he DOES NOT like seafood besides sushi (weird I know!).  That special also came with the house sake, which had the perfect amount of potent w/o the getting you fucked up too quickly and hurling your dinner (which would be a waste).  The special also comes with an option of whichever appetizer on the menu. I had the shrimp tempura, which were perfectly crispy, not greasy, great quality shrimp (again). The mushroom soup had excellent beef broth flavor that I thought I can only get from my mother's home cooking. The salad had this interesting gingery sauce on it that really packed a punch.  The fried rice is incredibly good. Definitely worth the $35With any entree you order from Geisha House you get a soup AND salad, and fried rice. Their prices for entrees ranged from $17 - $35, but it's pretty much all inclusive so it's more than reasonable for the quality of food, ambiance, and service!
4	We dined here for Father's Day dinner and we had a lot of fun! The staff is awesome here, from the wait help to the cooks. They make it very lively and energetic. I've been to a couple teppanyaki restaurants. I'd have to say most are nicer than this location, but regardless, you can tell people were enjoying their meals here. Our waiter told us this Geisha was the original, and from the outside, you could tell. Plus, I was disappointed to hear they didn't offer sushi. Bummer...It does get pretty warm at the table, especially when they start cooking. We ordered the Geisha Special and just the Filet Steak dinner for me. They were awesome too, by bringing an extra plate for my toddler son and dividing him a portion from our orders. The service was great, timely, attentive, and all smiles.I'll be sure to visit the other Geisha Steakhouses for their sushi and happy hours, but I'll recommend to anyone who wants a very casual, upbeat fun meal to this one.
5	I get the feeling that everyone who works here are just a group of friends who know what the hell they are doing because everything is perfect and they got their shit down pat.The staff makes sure you leave happy, full and having a great lasting impression of the place.  Since we walked in w.o an appointment we had to wait 5-10 minutes to get seated (not a big deal at all).  The cooks were highly entertaining and they make damn good food.  Honestly I tried the stake special and the geisha special, and you can't go wrong with either.My only regret was not ordering the Geisha special the first time. Filet, lobster, chicken and shrimp, all of it was spectacular.  I'm not even that  much of a sea food guy (yes I love sushi but anything cooked it's tough for me to like).  The serving size was plentiful and overall it's just a great experience to go to.I love the ambiance and overall feel of the place, the staff can make your night a night to remember.  Super fun, great food, and it's all a really great value.PS: Awsome rice.Great job guys, 5 Stars#TheyPissExcellence
3	I had a lot of fun, but for the price the food was not worth it. It tasted nothing special, and I did not get full.
5	Gem of a place. What a pleasure to find a restaurant with service minded staff. Friendly and welcoming is the way you'll feel when you show up. The Menu is standard flare from an Hitachi style restaurant with a variety that will satisfy many. The dinner is prepared with mouth watering seasonings, in a fun manner. The I had the New York steak and a side of scallops and was very satisfied. This is truly a diamond in the rough as too the location.
4	Valentines Dinner 2013!!!Question for you...Where does a Yelper celebrate Valentines?  A restaurant that's been bookmarked, that's where.  No quiet candle light, no short walk around town, and no 5 star restaurant.  I'm just as romantic as it gets.  Geisha Steakhouse is located on the eastside of town.  Not the best neighborhood at night, but nothing stands in my way when it comes to food.  Their normal menu is put on hold for Valentines so the choices are Their Valentines Dinner ($99), Seafood Lover ($40 each person), or their Land Lover ($40 each person).  I wanted to try their Land Lover, which consisted of their Rib Eye, Chicken and Filet Mignon.  I wanted this so bad, but couldn't since I dropped red meat for Lent.  My Valentine and I opted for the Seafood Lover which consists of Shrimp, Scallops, Lobster, and fried rice.  I admit, this meal was pretty damn good.  All three seafood pieces looked, tasted great, and was flavorful.  I've always loved lobster and shrimp, now scallops are becoming a new favorite. Because it was seafood, the meal wasn't too filling in the beginning. In other words, I wasn't initially full. It wasn't until I finished my fried rice that I became stuffed.  I was so full that my second Valentine venture was going to be a tough one to accomplish. I enjoyed the ambiance that almost all Teppanyaki restaurants have to offer.  Geisha Steakhouse has that same type of ambiance;  group type seating, entertaining/skillfull teppanyaki chefs, and great tasting food. I really can't wait until Easter so I can come back and try their chicken and filet mignon.  You definitely can't go wrong with this place since there's a selection.  PS:  I love me some lobster.  Geisha's was good, but they also reminded me that I must take a trip back to Lobster Me for their Lobster Mac N' Cheese.
2	Staff is friendly, but not the greatest food !!!   We were sitting w/ regulars that wer in a rush so our show was very lacking in tricks and very rushed!!!!  Will not come again!!!
4	It is very good food. I was impressed with the quality of goods here. I loved the service as our waitress was super nice and seemed very happy to be there. In Vegas.. a rarity. lol.. steak was amazing.. lobster excellent.. and the chicken was good. The show is goofy that they put on cooking the food, but its fun. I with they had some spicy options too. It is a little to plain jane, but excellent quality! I will be back to attempt to get something spicy.
4	really good food...spent a little more than we thought we would but it was great...will be back soon.
5	Delicious. Lively & cozy atmosphere. Service prompt and good food. Ordered the Filet Mignon dinner and was very satisfied. Started off with usual hibachi style show of clanging utensils and flipping. Watch out for chefs who like to over do the onion volcano trick because you might lose your eyebrows! Began with onion soup, then salad with light ginger dressing. The fried rice was tasty and couldn't go wrong with the Geisha "secret butter sauce", that everything was doused in. The veggies were standard, nice large flavorful shrimp appetizer and finally on to the main attraction...lean, tender, buttery filet mignon.Definitely worth the price for a lot of good food. Can't wait for the next time.
3	Danny the chef was awersom and very entertaining! The food was good but not great. The portions were small (vegetables mostly) but adequate. The filet was fab!
5	I've been coming here since early 90's and only once have I been disappointed.  Food portions are great...chef is funny and skilled.  Tonight, had the Geisha Special and it was delicious yet again.
4	One of the best teppanyaki places I've been to ever, and I've lived in Japan. The place is nestled away in the back corner of a rundown looking strip mall which set us a bit wary, they have been there for a long time, and over the years the area has slowly deteriorated, but the inside is a completely different story. The accomidations are nice and the people are friendly, everything is clean and lit nicely. Prices are somewhat expensive (a bottle of sayuri nigori sake which goes for around $12 at many Japanese restaurants is $17 here) but their portion sizes are large, their skill great, quality of food awesome, and taste is delicious. Between everything the chef cooked, he would wipe down and clean the griddle which was great not only to preserve the quality of the taste but because it speaks to their standards as well. Bottom line? I would definately return in the future. Everything gets 5 stars except for atmosphere. The place is pretty small and sound echoes loudly, as a result if a chef is cooking nearby (we were in the middle table so they were always nearby) you can't have a conversation with anyone but the person next to you, and you have to yell at eachother to do so.
4	The wife and I were looking for a good habachi restaurant of the strip, and found this spot.  We went in around 9 pm on Wednesday night. There was only one other table full, the place was empty. The service was fast and very attentive.  I ordered the combo, chicken, filet, and lobster. The special came with a small saki and appetizer for $35.  The chef was very nice, average table skills. He started with the fried rice, and the house seasoned butter was a very nice change. The fried rice was excellent, good flavor. I ordered my filet rare, and it was cooked perfect. Seasoned well and tasted great. My chicken and lobster both were over cooked however.   Overall a good experience, even better price. We will return, hopefully next time my lobster will not be over cooked.
5	Food and drinks are perfect! I've never had a bad experience here and everyone is do nice
2	We went here for a friend's birthday...it was great we could make a reservation. The chef was fun and skilled...he kept our table engaged. The downside of this whole experience was the temperature of the room. It was some hot and uncomfortable in there. We kept a menu just to fan ourselves off....this was before the grills were even turned on. The majority of our table got the special...which is great lots of food. I would have enjoyed the meal more if I wasn't so uncomfortable during the entire meal due to the heat. I don't understand how the staff was oblivious to it. After we ordered our food our wait staff was very inattentive. They kept dirty dishes sitting on the bench next to my boyfriend for so long. The chef finally told the staff to do something about it. We had to continually flag them down for drink refills...mostly water because we were so hot.I loved the food but I don't think I will be returning because I was so uncomfortable during the meal.
5	I went here  few  month a go   i just got a yelp  id So review  now  lolI forgot  a chef s name  he was tall  and asian guy . His food is  so delicious  i think he is  good at seasoning his  entertain ment  was  great  everything was  assume I wanna eat  his  food  again  see u bro
4	My wife and I had a good time at the eastside location of Geisha Steakhouse.  Our chef, Max, was a hoot and he made sure to entertain us the entire time he was cooking.  The location wasn't super nice inside but it was pretty chill and I enjoyed it.  The "secret sauce" butter was a nice touch to our food, which was pretty darn good.  We ordered the $35 geisha special and we left with some food to take home!  Love that!  Definitely coming back to this location and bringing some friends with me; too bad they don't have sushi at this location but, hey, it still warrants a good time, sushi or not.
4	I've heard about this place for years... So glad I finally got to eat here! The prices are good; the food was delicious; the chef was entertaining!  Overall, a great experience. We will be back!
1	Worst experience ever!!!! We had a double date for valentines made reservations. Once there they sat us with two other couples- the most you can fit in the booths where they cook in front of you is 3 couples (6 people in total). We were 8 in total!!! I had to point out menus were not given to us for a good 10 min. Waiter said they had no more I saw some sitting at OUR table and mentioned that. Drinks were 15 min late, sake machine was broken?! Not to mention the other couples were were prudes! My husband ordered chkn skewers, they had none he asked for meat substitute Manager said NO?! Then the manager said he would give him extra meat for his entree.. I'd hardly call what he got extra! Refills were late, waiter himself said it was all unorganized.  The manager did NOTHING for us! He wore black framed glasses and is very greedy!! We stayed for the experience and we were also starving plus it was valentines - all in all food was GREAT service BAD!!!!!
5	My husband and I went to Geisha Steakhouse (Desert Inn location) this evening for a post Valentines Day dinner.  The staff was outstanding and the food was outstanding and James was our Chef who was very entertaining.  The atmosphere is cozy and we enjoyed the company of the very young couple who were seated at our table.  We were there early because we don't enjoy crowds and waiting, so there was much attention to our table by the staff.  We both ordered the Geisha Special and the steak and lobster were both cooked to perfection.We here from Chicago and the Japanese Steakhouse we frequented offered an "Egg Yolk Sauce" that was simply delicious.  We were disappointed to find out that the staff at Geisha was not aware of such a sauce.  They were very interested to hear about the sauce and so the best I could find on Google is as follows:(1 cup mayonnaise (I use safflower mayonnaise because I try to avoid canola oil)4 egg yolks1.5 tbsp white misoabout 2 tsp of sesame oil and 1 tsp soy sauceCombine all that in a food processor. Put it in a bowl in the fridge until it firms back up.Pan-sear 2 pounds of scallops on one side. You'll be doing this in batches, so when they're done put them on a plate, then reduce the heat to medium-low and put them all back into the pan when they're all seared, making sure that the seared side is up. Spoon the sauce on top of the scallops, and put a lid on the skillet. Cook over medium-low heat for five minutes, until the sauce starts to brown around the edges.)I really hope  they research this sauce, everyone in the Mid-west seems to be familiar with it and how wonderfully it accents the Teppan-style of cooking.  I also want to mention that the wasabi was outstanding!!!!!!!!!
5	This place never really disappoints. The food is excellent and the price is more than fair. If you have a hankering for teppanyaki/hibachi, give this location a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	We have been going to Geisha for over 25 yrs at the D.I. location.  Normally we celebrate mine and my son's birthdays and everyone else's too.  For my son's bday in August we usually take up 4-5 tables.  I have a couple of Air Force friends in town for the Wounded Warrior Camp at Nellis and I am hoping to bring them Thursday night.  THIS IS WITHOUT A DOUBT THE BEST RESTAURANT IN LAS VEGAS and I have lived here since 1977.  GREAT food and atmosphere and the pomegranate saki is awesome.
4	My family and I were looking for some delicious affordable tepenyaki while in Vegas. I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.It is located away from the strip in an obscure strip mall and was pretty empty when we arrived. We were seated right away at over sized booths surrounding the grill.  My 2 daughters and I all ordered the New York steak dinner and my husband ordered the shrimp dinner.Our soup was brought out quickly followed by our salads.  Shortly after our chef arrived and was very interactive and entertaining. Everything was delicious!
5	I was undecided in where to go for my birthday but my hair stylist suggested this restaurant with praise. I tried to book a reservation online but was unable to do so which was slightly frustrating. However I was fortunate enough to call around 5 pm and get a reservation for 6:15  for 8 people on a Sunday night. The restaurant was quiet but I didn't mind. Service was okay; but our chef, Ed, was amazing. Tonight was actually his first night as a chef at the restaurant. Congratulations Ed! He was fun and engaging and because of his cooking performance, I'm going to be a repeat customer. I've seen some reviews where people are a little disappointed with portion size and price but I was full at the end of my meal with soup and salad included. Not to mention, you're also paying for the Teppanyaki style cooking. Try it for yourself :)
5	I have only eaten at Japanese steakhouses twice in the past. I am not a big sushi lover, and much rather dine on Hibachi cooking. I wanted to find a place in Vegas that served awesome hibachi style food, so I came to Yelp to help me narrow it down. I saw that Geisha was VERY highly regarded, so I went there during a sunday night. I already knew from reading the reviews that the restaurant was not exactly located in what you would call a "high end" part of town. It is actually located at the end of a small strip mall. However I learned first hand that looks can be very deceiving. To make a long story short: This place is AWESOME! First off, the manager was as nice as could be and was legitimately interested in making sure I had a great time at his place. Second, the chef was outstanding in his skills as he prepared the meals. I sat with a couple of UNLV students who stated they came there at least once a month. Thirdly, the food was fantastic and very reasonably priced. I had the Geisha special of soup, salad, a soft drink, and the hibachi combo of lobster, shrimp, and filet. The fried rice that they make is the tastiest I have had at any of these places. I have stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton several times. They have a Benihana there, so I could have easily gone there instead of driving over to Geisha. But when I eat out the most important thing to me is the meal itself. Not the ambiance or location. I HIGHLY recommend this establishment
5	This is the best teppanyaki in town and I've had them all.  I have been coming here for almost 15 years and always leave happy.  The location looks a little sketchy from the outside but it is truly a diamond in the rough.  Don't eat all day and get the Geisha special!
2	The food here is pretty good. Nothing special. Compare it to a Benihana. The service is very slow. We had to repeat our orders several times. Somehow it took 20 minutes to find steamed rice. This would have been a solid three star experience but for the temperature. The restaurants a/c is not sufficient to keep up with the grills. The tables are extremely uncomfortable.  Legs were extremely hot and every other guest I saw had a hot yoga sweat going.  Extremely unpleasant.
5	Very unique place really tasty service was great!! The r secret sauce was really good !! Very good hibachi restaurant ever in vegas :)
5	This restaurant is absolutely amazing!The theme is just right, dark with a little lighting. Its perfect. The food is fantastic & the show of making the food is so fun!I really loved the part where they threw that fake egg at my brother! Maybe its expensive, but its seriously worth it!
5	Wow it was assume today again!! I came here for long time nowWhen i went to restaurant, there were 3 tables waited and my turn was 4 th table lol But chef Eddie was cooking so fast and came to my table He was looks so tired but he was  funny, talented  and very delicious cooking food Thank u
3	3 1/2 stars for Geisha Steakhouse. Good waiter service and our chef was pretty darn good. Very friendly, did a good job entertaining us, and overall tried to make our experience fun, especially the kids.I really disliked the size of the meat portions, for the "land lover special", and thought they were way too small for $38. The chicken was too thin, overcooked and a bit tough and the NY steak was good, but nothing too terribly special. However, the filet was outstanding in terms of tenderness, quality and seasoning.The mushroom soup was very, very good. The salad was bland and pretty much sucked. The tempura battered veggies and shrimp were good but pretty standard. Batter and hot oil, not too hard to get it right.The fried rice had too much seasoning and their "pink special sauce" which gave it a bit of an oily, overpowering flavor. The amount of vegetables was a lot less than I'm accustomed to at a Japanese steakhouse and they should really step it up to help balance out their lack of protein portions.All in all we thought it was pretty good but there's definitely room for some improvement.
4	My husband and I went for our anniversary. We had a great time! The Geisha Special is totally worth the money. Our chef, Eddie, was talented and fun. The house hot sake was very good and my steak was cooked perfectly. I have no idea what is in that pink paste they put on everything, but I wish I could buy it in bulk and eat it straight! The tempura veggies were yummy and the tempura ship was outstanding!  Delicious food, great service,  friendly atmosphere. The only reason is not 5 stars is because we didn't care for the salad and the soup was just ok... but who needs those anyway when you are eating AMAZING hibachi dinner.Side note, they overheard that my husband was military and adjusted our bill without being asked to reflect our military discount.
3	There were 5 of us and 2 were small children.  The service catered to the kids and that made the evening fun and if the food had matched the service it would have been a solid 4 stars!  The food was 3 stars.  I had the shrimp and they were cooked well and seasoned nicely.  See Michael R. rating for the rest of the food, he was in our party and I totally agree with his rating and thought for the cost of the evening the food should have been a little better quality.  Not bad and we would go back.
4	So I took mom to dinner last night here, got to say the good was great I've been here a few time, they seem short handed not sure if the a missing chef or Sunday's they run on a 2 man crew, the chef was great and the food was even better, the wait time was at best painful, the chef prepared food for 2 other tables before ours.I will be back and if they have more chefs working I will up date my review.Also I forgot to mention if you have not been here in a wile they have updated the look of the place.
5	Such amazing food with excellent customer service.  The employees were so nice and professional. We waited for a table due to them being busy and they got us drinks and appetizers while we waited. Called a taxi and it was an hour wait for them. They called and said it was an extra hour wait and we just tried our luck and asked for a ride back to the strip since they were closed and an employee was so nice and gave us a ride. Not only would I recommend their food because it was amazing and the special secret sauce was delicious.  I have to say the customer service is the best ever.
5	What an amazing dining experience! We came here for my mothers birthday. When we walked in there was only about 2 other parties there.. The restaurant is cute and intimate and has an old school Japanese steakhouse vibe but they play modern upbeat music that is at just the right volume! We all ordered the geisha special which starts off with soup (best Asian soup I've ever had) and salad (with a house made dressing that was light and refreshing) it also came with choice of appetizer which we all got individual servings. We all got the calamari except my mom who got the shrimp tempura. The calamari came with a sauce that the chef makes in house that has just the right amount of sweet and spicy! Our chef Eddie came out just as soon as we finished with our appetizer! He introduced himself then did a fun knife and spatula presentation that my kids loved! He did the fun quirks along the way (onion volcano, onion train, heart shape rice, fake egg and fake ketchup bottle) all things had us laughing! The geisha special comes with an amazing entree which is fried rice (seriously best fried rice I'd ever had) , filet mignon, chicken , lobster and shrimp! Everything was made with their "special sauce" and wow that sauce has to be the star of the show!! Oh side note the geisha special also comes with either a soft drink, wine or sake! What an amazing deal!! We will absolutely be coming back to geisha house!
5	This place is always amazing ! I've been going here for years. And Eddie always keeps us entertained and makes our dinners more relaxed and interactive. Plus the food and the special sauce is absolutely amazing.
5	This place is amazing great service and "BEST" quality of foods. I do not usually give five stars but this place is amazing.  DEFINITELY come here if you are looking for entertainment + quality.
5	Highly recommended!! I went to Prime steakhouse in Bellagio and had $80 fillet mignon and I thought Geisha's fillet was much better. Employees were very helpful and kind. If you are looking for a cozy and tasty dinner with family, this is the right place.
3	No sushi menu, no back support at table, place is small. Food was good and service quick, will not be returning because of no sushi and back hurt 5 min into dinner
5	Omg!! The filet melts in your mouth!!! A must try! The chefs do all these cool tricks and make funny comments which makes dining a heaven for both your mouth, eyes and ears! Very highly recommended!!
5	We absolutely love this place great for date night or night out with friends and have amazing food great cooks
5	Awesome food and a great show to go with it. You get the whole experience with the expert shefs, while enjoying the food. Came in for a conveniece, left with a complete satisfaction from great food and atmosphere. Fairly affordable price is also a huge plus.
5	First time visiting a restaurant where you get your food cooked in front of you. Amazing experience. Great, delicious food. Get their Geisha house special dinner. So worth it for about $38. Fun show, welcoming staff, tasty food, good hot house sake.
