5	This museum was the higlight of our trip to Vegas.  We stayed an extra day past the convention to visit this museum.  It is chock full of artifacts, information, interactive movie clips about America's atomic testing past.Many of the people working in this musem have been in Vegas (and surrounding areas) since the development of the A-bomb.  Our guide was one of the engineers that was part of the development.There is no photography allowed, but I had to take a picture of the displayed photo of one of the cowboys that was in charge of branding the cattle that were also part of the atomic testing past.  He is pure Americana, and they don't make them like him anymore.If you are in Vegas, I recommend that you do something other than throw your money away in a casino or into someone's g-string.  Go educate yourself about America's past.
3	Not too many decades ago, Nevada was the main U.S. test site for nuclear weapons.  Above ground explosions could sometimes be seen from Las Vegas (makes the Mirage volcano seem kind of wimpy).  The Atomic Testing Museum has loads of information about this era.  It's a very strange place, but is also very interesting and informative.  Make sure to see the Ground Zero Theater, which "mimics a concrete bunker and features a large screen show that includes the history of test effects from a variety of viewpoints."
3	I'd like to do 3 1/2 stars...PlusesA wealth of information...tons and tons and megatons.Hands on activities (I loved the drop of milk and the Fiesta Ware is Radioactive pieces).The Ground Zero Theater is a great show -- with special effects.Convenient location.Clean and easy to self-guide at your own pace.Did I mention all the information?Einstein action figures and dolls in the gift shop!MinusesWhen we went to the gift shop, there were two employees, guys in there mid 20s discussing how slow it was and arguing about NASCAR.  We were probably in the shop ten minutes and they never even acknowledged we were there or paused their conversation.The Museum starts out backwards, you are walking right to left, but the signs are laid out to be read left to right, you end up walking in a U type shape so it corrects.  There is a time line on the walls, but other than that the information seems pretty scattered, not in a logical order.Barely a mention of any of the nuclear (I swear I pronounced it correctly!) disasters.
5	LOVED this place. Probably the best non-art museum I've ever been to. The Ground Zero Theater is not to be missed, a crazy and informative experience. There was just so much information in this place...totally justifying it's $12 admission price. My boyfriend and I spent three hours in there without even realizing that much time had passed. I f you're at all interested in some really interesting Nevada and U.S. history, make your way out here.  The only thing that could have used some more love is the gift shop. I was really hoping to see some neat things to buy, but nothing really grabbed me that much.
5	This place is so cool!! You have to try to get over here when you need a break from the strip - its not too far at all. A long walk or a very short cab ride - near Terrible's Casino.The Museum is actually only a small part of this building. I admission is $12. Mornings there are a lot of kids on school groups so be aware. The museum leads you through the history of Nevada Atomic Testing and it is ALL very interesting. There is a great short video in the beginning that gives summaries of view for and against. I found all the unique artifacts on display very cool and even bought a pen in the cute gift shop.The perfect gift for my Uncle was found here: a DVD of all the US sites in America devoted to atomic testing "for the traveler in us all"
5	This is a very cool place off the beaten path.  I love that the exhibits are informative and interactive.  The exhibits walk a fine line between not glorifying the Cold War or discounting the efforts of the people who worked at the Test Site.  It's hard to believe all this happened about 60 miles from my door step. The Ground Zero theater is not to be missed.  I thought the exhibits regarding Las Vegas back in the day were great. They even have a piece of the Berlin Wall and a piece from the Ground Zero from 09/11.  My husband and I spent a good two hours at the museum on a hot Sunday afternoon  and had a great time.  The gift shop is fun and a bit funky(Does anyone really NEED an Albert Einstein rag doll?).  I picked up my fabulous Miss Atom Bomb 1957 refrigerator magnet.  Don't think it's for really young kids, but did see a lot of families there.
4	This place is a great daytime respite from gambling and desert heat.  The museum chronicles Nevada's atomic testing history and includes very interesting artifacts and interactive exhibits.  I enjoyed seeing the actual equipment and gadgets used in the tests.  I also really enjoyed the Atomic Age gallery that shows the culture that developed around the new atomic age.  Plan on spending at least an hour to see it all and maybe two if you are a history buff.
3	Not bad!  Came here on the nytimes recommendation... basically there are a lot of interesting factoids about the nuke testing programs. (Atmospheric testing was harming lots of people, the Russians didn't care so then we didn't either, the US did atomic tests after WWII to help the Japanese understand how to treat radiation effects from Hiroshima and Nagasaki, ocean testing was too expensive to continue, if you get nuked you see the blast before you feel the shockwave, etc.)Overall though there was just too much text everywhere.  You come to a museum to experience things you can't really do online or in a book... so they need to show things not tell them.  But the vintage nuclear science film reels were cool, as was the simulated nuking test room, and the variable speed film of the early nuke tests.  There was also a more than healthy dose of official propaganda style narrative about the Japan bombings and the reasoning behind atmospheric nuclear tests.  Some of the old guys talking in the videos seemed like intellectual dinosaurs... but hey if you want to learn about atomic testing this is as good a place to start as any.
5	I was skeptical when a friend recommended this, but we took a cab over and loved it! We were there close to closing time so we were a little hurried but the exhibits were fascinating and terrifying. The gift shop was a highlight, complete with Russians walking around muttering, "I love the atomic explosion."Highly recommended.
5	While Vegas isn't necessarily known for its museums, the Atomic Testing Museum is a nice step in the right direction.It's not surprising, considering the place is affiliated with the Smithsonian.  The place has your expected photographs, artifacts, and interviews, but it is presented in a really nice and interactive style.  The main film in the fallout shelter theater was a nice surprise (a few unexpected touches make it more than just the standard movie), and the museum touches on how the nuclear age has affected the world, Nevada, and Las Vegas in general.  The exhibit does a great job of touching on the powerful and sometimes dangerous implications of the technology as well as the kitschy fascination that people had trying to get caught up in "Atomic Mania".  You'll shake your head wondering what people were thinking with the general populace had with their love affair of atomic bomb watching.The museum is very comprehensive, and professionally done.  I spent two hours there, and wanted to stay a little longer.Vegas definitely needs more stuff like this.
5	Okay, in the interests of full disclosure, I'm a TOTAL science nerd.  I went here with my uncle, a retired High School Biology teacher and Naval Reserve Captain; and his girlfriend, a retired High School Spanish teacher.  It was kind of a given that my uncle and I would like the place, but even his girlfriend found it interesting.  My favorite bit was when I found the Geiger counters.  I heard the interactive exhibit Geiger counter from a couple rooms away, and it drew me the way sirens supposedly lured sailors to their deaths.  Never mind that I've WORKED with radioactivity, have used Geiger counters countless times, I was absolutely and completely entertained fooling with a Geiger counter and some radioactive materials (including some old red Fiesta Ware).  I liked the rest of the museum, too.I really, really, REALLY want to take the tour to the Nevada Test Site.
2	Ok, I found this place on yelp & some of the other reviews said that the museum presented a balanced viewpoint. No, it doesn't. The museum makes absolutely no mention of the indigenous inhabitants of the Marshall Islands and what has happened to them as a result of nuclear testing there. In fact, the museum specifically states that the testing in the Marshall Islands occurred there as it was far from any population centers. This makes zero sense, as the US government has even acknowledged this tragedy & offered monetary damages for it. Google Marshall Islands Jellyfish Babies. On the positive side, the exhibit in the side gallery right now, is full of awesome soviet propaganda posters.
5	I really enjoyed my visit to this museum. Not only was it full of fascinating facts about the testing and the many scientist that contributed to making Fat Man and Little Boy, but there was a simulated blast!  I would have liked to see more facts from both sides of the war at this point in time - Hiroshima and Nagasaki could have had more coverage. The Marshall Islands could have been covered more. There were so many videos and artifacts stuffed into this museum you could easily spend a few hours there. The simulated atomic blast was thrilling. I mean, I was actually terrified for a few minutes. I know it was a mere simulation, however it was wonderfully done. You walk into a fall our shelter, theater. The doors close behind you automatically when the show begins. The countdown begins, and well...I won't ruin the rest. I loved it! I would go again.The bonus of this side trip was there was a large exhibit of Communist propaganda art from the Russian's POV of the Cold War era. It was an interesting contrast to the rest of the museum. I would recommend this side trip in Las Vegas to anyone wanting to get away from the ever-running slot machine noise.
5	This is a fantastic museum full of interesting stuff.  My girlfriend and I had a great time here, and especially enjoyed the atomic simulator.  Two hours is enough time to see everything, but I would recommend three if you wish to read most of the exhibits.During our visit, a docent spoke to us for 20 minutes about his experiences at the atomic test site.  He introduced himself by asking us if we wanted to know all of the information that the displays won't tell us.  Of course we did!!  This made our visit extra special.They do not allow photography in the museum, and they take if very seriously.  Like they said, if they let people take pictures, people wouldn't come to the museum any longer.  I agree with that.  Despite the fact that I am a photographer, and had my SLR ready to roll, I repsected their wishes and packed it away in my bag.  Apart from the museum, there is a gift shop with some fun things for sale.  Atomic ooze candy, books, posters, Einstein dolls, etc.The location is close enough to the strip to walk, but if it is really hot, take the $10 taxi.  We walked from The Venetian and there are few places to hide from the sun so I would recommend an umbrella.  Admission is $12 for adults.Here is a list of the various exhibits on display the day I visited, as per the provided pamphlet:1.  Entry Gallery2.  The Atomic Age Gallery3.  Atmospheric Testing4.  Ground Zero Theatre (my favorite part)5.  Underground Testing6.  Control Point7.  Versatile Laboratory8.  Grain Silo Theatre9.  Stewards of the Land I10. Stewards of the Land II11. Innovators Gallery12. Discovery and Innovation13. Today and Tomorrow Gallery14. Harry Reid Exhibit Hall15. The Museum Store
4	It's not for everyone, but if you're into Cold War history, science and engineering, or just big explosions this is a good way to spend a couple of hours. The gift shop is pretty cool too. It helps that the museum isn't very far off of the Strip. Tip: There are coupons for $2 off admission in brochures and some Vegas tourist guides. Some of the coupons are also good for 10% off at the gift shop.
4	This museum is a BLAST!It's THE BOMB!Okay, how can this place have 19 reviews and I am the first one to use those lame puns?Seriously, though, if you are a history nut, you will enjoy this place.  It has quite a bit of interesting artifacts and information.  I especially liked the Ground Zero Theater, which has some nifty Sensurround-like effects.  Locals get a discount, and they didn't ask us for any proof, so it probably wouldn't hurt to ask for the local admission rate, even if you are visiting.
5	This museum is top notch.   If you're visiting Las Vegas, don't miss it!   It's loaded with films, artifacts, media, an actual 1940's era intact office; you can even test your own radioactivity.  In addition to The Atomic Testing Museum, there was also an eye opening exhibition of Russian propaganda posters in the gallery next door, same building.  Very impressive.
5	Got a tour right before it opened back 06. A Smithsonian affliliate, it is a must see for Americans to understand the magnitude of the cold war and the fallout (sorry for the pun) of the immensity of nuclear power, both negative and positive, on our lives today. The Ground Zero theater, at the time I viewed it, was not for children. We suggested to the PR person that there be a warning sign outside of the theater. It would be pretty loud and scary from a kid's perspective, but entirely fascinating for an adult. That said, I think kids of age 10 or a precocious 8 or 9 would find the museum interesting, with lots of parental context and reassurance. While not every side of nuclear controversy are presented, it does a good job of exhibiting the major perspectives, especially from the No Nukes era of the 60s and 70s. There are pieces of the Berlin Wall at the end exhibit, which are pretty awesome. Another favorite part of the exhibit was the display of the impact of the atomic age on popular culture: toys, games, TV shows, appliances and food, movies, candy (Atomic Fireballs), clothing, furniture etc. Those folks who were that age in the 1950s and early 60s (duck and cover kids) will experience some bittersweet nostalgia there. The Nevada Test Site Historical Society, made up of many former employees who operate the museum, should be commended for preserving this history and putting this museum together and getting Smithsonian affiliation. Their interpreters throughout the museum are what makes it a top notch facility, most if not all having worked at the Nevada test site in its heyday. The Desert Research Institute is next door and I think it had a nice bookstore we visited afterward where we got free propaganda (a DVD I think, it's somewhere in the basement, unwatched) on the Yucca Mountain issue. This is a terribly important (and to many very interesting) facet of our world history. And the Hard Rock Cafe is right up the street so you can fuel up beforehand or lift spirits afterwards with a brew and a burger.
2	Maybe my expectations were too high, but I really wasn't particularly impressed.  I just didn't feel like there was very much here that I couldn't learn from a 20 page booklet.  Lots and lots of things to read, not nearly enough firsthand experience type of exhibits.  There were a few things about troops in the bunkers during a test, but it was only a 1-minute story that probably could have shared more interesting details than they did.It also felt quite a bit like propaganda.  Based on the exhibits there, nuclear everything seems like an obvious choice with no potential for risk.  Drop nuclear bombs - you win the war.  Fallout???  Not really brought up.  Chernobyl?  Mentioned, but only very briefly.  The $12 seemed a bit much for how little was actually here, but considering that the time we spent here probably saved us $100 at the  tables, it's a bargain??
4	So much to see and read!  I had no idea I'd need more than two hours in the museum.  It was interesting.  It was indeed a bit biased, but they did present a little information about those opposed to atomic testing. The presentation of artifacts and footage from the Nevada Test Site was certainly informative.  The footage of the tests involving mannequins and homes brought back some scary memories of being a child at the end of the cold war.  Those videos terrified me back then, and they still frighten me a little today.I was fascinated to learn that Las Vegas casinos offered viewing seats for the tests. Crazy. And some of the letters that discussed atomic testing, development of atomic weapons, and the attacks on Nagasaki and Hiroshima were a bit unsettling when read from my 2009 perspective.The gift shop was a fun place to get some offbeat souvenirs of my trip to Vegas.
4	OK -- really cool, and this museum fills me with information I do not need to know or retain, but I fill my remaining brain space with it anyway. There is almost toooooo much info, and your eyes start to cross reading all the blurbs about EACH and EVERY single item they encase in the museum! Whew! Makes you want to run screaming to a casino. If you just want to breeze through to tell people you've seen it, the one thing you must do is go to the movie theater to see what it would be like if you were to actually witness an atomic bomb blast yourself. It brought tears to my eyes, it's some scary stuff. Just imagine yourself as a little kid and your dad tells you the whole family is going to go watch the blast -- I actually know a person who witnessed them as a kid, and it's freaky to think this happened not too long ago.
5	To get away from the casinos, we decided to find museums in Las Vegas.  The Atomic Testing Museum popped up on the list, off we went.  I agree with other people, there is a sense of info overload, there is so much to read, look at, videos to watch.  Give yourself adequate time to get through the museum, it's not a quick stop.  Other people have written about what's in the museum.  What I found more compelling is how the museum made me feel.  I'm old enough to remember, growing up, people were scared about nuclear power, nuclear waste, the threat of nuclear war, the cold war wasn't over.  I remember my dad telling me that when he was stationed in NM, he saw them testing the detonation devices for nuclear bombs.  He would have enjoyed this museum.  My family is a mix of Japanese and Jewish, and our family history was dramatically affected by the use of the atomic bombs and nuclear science.You may go for entertainment, but take a moment and think about how your life is different because of nuclear science.  I can guarantee you it is, and all because of the hard word and dedication of a group of people who had no idea the risks they were taking, to their own health and safety, and they had no idea how much they would change the world, end a war and provide energy for millions.   It's not a place I recommend for small kids, they wont like it and will be bored.  It's more for jr. high age and older.  It's worth every penny of admission.
4	It is what it is. Do you like museums? Are you interested in nuclear weapons and nuclear testing? Then come on down. It isn't very far from the stip and never very crowded. Depending on how fast you do museums it can take 1 to a few hours. There is a nice little gift shop as well and its a great way to take a break from the strip. Only downside is that you can't take pictures in the museum but still a great experience.
3	It was worth one trip to The Atomic Testing Museum but unless they do a major revision I won't go back.They had a lot of information about atomic testing but in terms of actual artifacts they were kind of short. Especially artifacts from the Nevada Test Site. For instance, soldiers who witnessed nuclear tests were given certificates. Thousands of soldiers saw the tests. .They can't track down one certificate to put on display?Also, this is the age of "Avatar" and really good special effects. The videos are fairly recent (there's references to 9/11) but the quality is mediocre. I would hope they get around to recording some of these people who were at the test site in high definition before they die.A lot of people don't know much about nuclear testing and this is a good place to learn.
2	Wanting a break from the Strip, I went off to the Atomic Testing Museum.  I'm appalled.The physical layout of the museum is odd, and there are times when you have to stop and look around to figure out where to go next.  It's obvious that the staff has noticed this, since there are a few recently-printed signs pointing in the right direction (except when they're also poorly-placed and thus people still get confused).  Things are stuffed into strange and ill-lit corners.  The museum is mostly laid out right-to-left, but then all of the reading is done left-to-right, so you're constantly backtracking at least a little bit if you're actually trying to read everything.  I didn't mind the amount of reading (and there is a lot of it), but I did mind the layout that made it difficult to do it.Layout problems aside, the museum has a strong and pervasive pro-nuclear agenda.  I'm not one of those rabid anti-nuclear people who think that using anything nuclear is going to cause the downfall of modern society, but I think that this museum is intentionally misleading.  It's all about how awesome it is to blow things up and how the can-do attitude of Americans got us to this awesome place where nuclear can save absolutely everything and it's all awesome and GO USA GO USA GO USA.  The health, human, and environmental toll is all but ignored.  Based on this museum, you'd think that there were no worker illnesses from those who worked at the Nevada Test Site, or that there was no-one in the Marshall Islands to experience radioactive fallout.  There's a small room dedicated to the Native Americans who were kicked off of their sacred lands, but it feels like a particularly poor bone to throw, especially when that room shows ancient artifacts that the Native Americans don't want shown.  History is also glossed over.  Hiroshima and Nagasaki are barely mentioned, and only in the most scientific terms possible.  The Cold War is barely mentioned, other than to say it was bad, and it was mostly the fault of those evil commie Russians.  Nuclear proliferation got a sentence.  This could have been so much better.  Present it all, and give the audience an opportunity to create an informed opinion.
3	If you're interested at all in the use of atomic weaponry, this museum is a must see.  It is reading intensive, but the short films available in several stops at the museum are also great.  The Ground Zero theater offers an interesting experience.  I found several of the local periodicals that offered coupons that reduced the price by $2, making the museum only $10.  I would plan to spend at least 1 hour in the museum.
5	when you first arrive, after you pay, the guy at the front desk gives you a map and explains exactly where to go and what to see so you don't miss anything. when you are inside you see alot of artifacts from the atomic age. it's really interesting for people who were not born at that time and want to know what it was like and it's definitely more interesting than the titanic museum at the luxor which is triple the price If you're "into" it, and you want as much info about the atom bomb as possible, this might not be enough info, but if you're like me and know almost nothing about that bomb, you will definitely learn alot! the thing that's really wow about it is the theater where they reenact the testing site that people used to watch. and I almost didn't even go in to that theater, because it's called the "ground zero theater" and I didn't understand what the "ground zero" as I know it today could possibly have to do with the atom bomb.  good thing I went in anyway. (can you imagine, people actually went to see an atomic testing? golly) the guys who work there can tell you about going to watch the testing since he did that himself in the fifties I would say that if you're in Vegas, and need a break from casinos, drunks, hot babes, and need to refresh your brain a bit, go to the atomic testing museum.
2	Given the dramatic force produced when an atom is split, I assumed the museum would have been more dynamic.  Instead of housing lots of atomic testing relics, the museum provides more of a time line guide to the nuclear era.  There are some actual testing materials, but nowhere near the level of materials that I expected.  In addition, the military took plenty of video and photos of the atomic tests and even  manufactured villages and towns to see the effects of the bomb on structures.  But there's very little of these videos and photos at the museum.  It was a little disappointing.However, you should definitely make time to go into the Ground Zero Theater.  The room is rigged so that you get the feeling of sitting on a wooden bench in rural Nevada and watching an atomic blast.  The blinding light, the mushroom cloud and a wave of wind in your face as the blast wave hits you.  It's simple, but a fun way to get a better sense of what it was like to sit as a Vegas tourist and view an atomic test (and there's some great old advertising from the casinos who used to offer guest a picnic where they could view an atomic test).
3	I was bored and amazed at the same time. Very interesting though and worth going to see. It only takes about an hour to get through the whole thing though.
5	I spent almost 2 hours in there and didn't realize it. This place covers the history of the Nevada Test Site and also the history of atomic testing in general. It's interesting and you learn things like the casinos used to promote watching tests from their roofs in the 1950s. They have old films from the 50s and 60s on what to do in the event of an attack,  items used in nuclear testing/weapons, etc. Interesting stuff and check out the ground zero theater to get an idea of what it was like to view a nuclear test.  There is a lot of reading of the signs to see what stuff is and if you are not a techie you will probably breeze through the last part pretty quickly. I printed a $2 off coupon off of their website. Also the vending machine in the lobby has $1 water, Gatorade, etc. that you might need if you walk there in the Vegas heat.
4	a rare occasion when i have friends in town and they want to go to a museum instead of a casino, foodie spot or a booby bar - what the heck, i'm game ! A pleasant surprise - some of the video is a lil haunting, and i guess overall, the place is little homogenized. It's worth a look
5	Sometimes work and pleasure coincide, and when that happens, I have a great time.  The Atomic Testing Museum really is nicely done.  They cover quite a bit of material across a mix of exhibits.  I was really impressed by the level of detail.  They specifically spoke about many of the above ground, underground, and subcritical tests conducted by the U.S., France, and Russia.  They had a wonderful video in their theater that specifically went through some of this information and more.  For added effect, they have seats that rumble to help you appreciate just how scary a nuclear explosion can be many miles away from the det point.  Really, all aspects of nuclear weapons were addressed in an accessible way including the issue of aging stockpiles, storage, arms policy, and even a strange nod to the Native Americans whose land was used for the testing.  I particularly liked one of the showcases that captured the use of nuclear weapons in advertising, e.g., Atomic fireballs.  The only thing that was clearly out of place was Sandia's donation of a video kiosk that gave a very long advertisement of their Z machine -- an example of things from work, best being left at work.  Overall, I thought the museum was really worth the visit.  I easily spent a couple of hours here reading and looking at just about everything they had to offer.  Many other visitors did the exact same thing.  I liked that.  In some museums you just sort of scan the contents and stop at a couple of places of interest.  Here, everything was interesting and arranged chronologically so you could take in the totality of what has happened since these weapons were first introduced.  Highly recommend.
5	Excellent museum. I think this is one of the few museums where I took the time to read almost every display. Some sections are creepy, some are very cool, and overall the museum is very educational. I liked that faux "nuke testing" experience room. Very cool and very creepy.I dig wars, weapons, science but I think I would have liked this anyway was I not interested in those things. Morbid curiosity. :)As a science nut, I especially liked the end of the exhibit showing the equipment we have now to model and/or study fusion. That one picture with the plasma (I think?) and coil was very cool. I will definitely come again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I suppose that I first must admit that I am a Vegas history nerd - I love learning about my city and all its amazing uniqueness. And the Atomic Testing Museum is the perfect place to add to your Vegas history knowledge. Did you realize how much the atomic testing was a tourist attraction? Only in Vegas.This is a stellar museum. It's not as fancy and big as some museums in other cities, but it is very well done. Yes, it is heavy on the reading and information - but that's a good thing.This is one of my favorite places to take tourists. And all of them have been pleasantly surprised. Plus, they offer a locals discount.I spent almost 2 hours going through everything. It was just absolutely fascinating. And I totally freaked out watching the "movie" thing when the air started to blow on me and the room seemed like it was shaking.It's definitely a great and worthwhile experience. And it's a very short cab ride off the Strip. You'll be glad you went.
3	We went to The Atomic Testing Museum since A. told me about it.  It's in a business looking building.  Cost $12 adult; $9 student w/ ID.  We charged it.No pictures allowed except for the last gallery.  Lots of reading & watching videos at this museum.  From 1951-1992, 928 nuclear weapons tests were conducted at the NV Test Site.  There's a cartoon video on the structure of an atom.Two other videos were about 10 min each.Stuff about Little Boy - bomb over Hiroshima, Japan Aug 6, 1945.  Fat Man bomb over Nagasaki, Japan Aug 9, 1945.  5 days later Japan surrended ending World War II.Small gift shop - wasn't allowed pics in there either.  There's books, Einstein pins $1; Miss Atomic Bomb magnet $8; Miss Cue magnet on sale $6; lip "bomb" $3; Newton's Cradle $10; Atomic Fireballs I bought 3 candies for 10c ea.Found out they have FREE NV Test Site Tours, but need to book 6 months in advance & very popular.  http://www.atomictourist.com/nts.htmBrenda Carter 702-295-0944. US Dept of Energy; NV Site Office; Office of Public Affairs & Info; Visitor Coordination Staff; POBox 98518; Las Vegas, NV 89193-8518.
4	thought this place was super fun and full of great info about Nevada, get ready to do lots of reading would not recommend bringing kids under 15 they will probably be pretty bored.They had some 9/11 stuff too like a steel beam from one of the twin towers.
2	What a yawn! I found this museum seriously uninspiring. The first gallery or two had a nicely displayed, kind of simplistic review of the history leading up to testing in Nevada. The second two-thirds of the exhibits, however, were painfully lame. I really tried to give the Atomic Testing Museum a chance, out of respect for the importance of the science at least, but I felt like this museum didn't really know who its audience was. Some of the materials had a child-appropriate "please touch" interactive quality that seemed wrong due to the subject matter. Other materials were set out either with little-to-no explanation or pages worth of text. There was a good movie in the middle with interview from both conflicted and proud participants in atomic testing...but it was shortly followed by a super creepy opportunity to experience a virtual detonation.Maybe going with the aid of a tour guide is better, but by the time I got to the rooms about the effected Native American lands and "Today and Tomorrow" I was completely bored.
4	The name of this museum is a misleading. It does provide a general history of atomic testing, but focuses heavily on the Nevada test site. The New Mexico test site and Pacific testing are mentioned only briefly. My favorite part of the museum was the first area which shows the influence atomic testing had on popular culture. This is the area where the Walt Disney produced educational video on atomic energy can be viewed. It is the first of many videos at this museum. To really get a good understanding of the subject you really do need to take the time to watch all of the videos. I was hoping the museum would have more of the pop culture stuff especially pertaining to Las Vegas (casinos used to advertise atomic testing as a tourist attraction). Based on what is mentioned on their website, they will soon be opening an exhibit focusing on the link between atomic testing and Las Vegas.The middle part of the museum is about the actual testing. There is a simulation room where you get a feeling of what it would have been like to view a test as well as recreations of some of the facilities. This part was also pretty interesting. The last part focuses on how they are currently trying to dispose of nuclear materials. There are a lot of hands on exhibits in this part including a chance to handle some ultra low level radioactive material. I would imagine those who are more interested in science would enjoy the last section more than history/sociology buffs like myself that enjoyed the first part more. There is also a random exhibit about Native Americans for those that are interested in anthropology/archeology. I do feel that the museum largely ignores some of the social and moral issues associated with atomic testing, however I do not think that they did so to be pro-atomic weapons. As I mentioned earlier, the main focus of the museum is on the Nevada test site. The focus is so narrow that there really isn't much room for discussion about the philosophical aspects of atomic energy. It just wouldn't fit in this museum. It is brought up in a few of the videos and I found that they did present both points of view, although some of the more heinous aspects of atomic history such as the birth defects due to Pacific island testing and the use of atomic weapons against Japan, are not really discussed since this museum focuses on Nevada (although both issues are briefly mentioned). I also had no idea what they were thinking with the 9/11 exhibit. There was some artwork in there showing the WTC with a mushroom cloud in the background. I wasn't sure what they were trying to suggest.Overall, I though it was a nice museum with very good exhibits and a little something for everyone. The gift shop small and kind of boring.
4	This museum is way awesome -- I think any museum that has a tactical nuclear missile you can almost accidentally walk into is, by default, "way awesome."   In terms of raw info about the history of Nevada and nuclear testing, you'll have more than your fill of learning.    There's everything from pop culture exhibits of "Atom Blaster Ray Guns" and other miscellanea to numerous pieces from Los Alamo of real items that are on-loan.  Which is why I suppose you can't take many pictures.The Ground Zero theatre does a really freaky reproduction of watching a 60's era above-ground nuke test that will totally make you jump, especially with the unmentioned air jets and rumbling seats.   There's even a giant red button later on in the place you can push to detonate (on screen!) an underground nuclear test.  It's rad!The only sad part was that they were putting in a new exhibit while I was there and didn't get to see what was up.  But next time, I'll see it!  And freak out a friend with the theatre...
5	i really enjoyed this museum.  I have to say I expected a rinky dink small display.  The museum was large, with LOTS of different areas.  It was go at your own pace, informative, and actually pretty updated technology-wise.  I would definately recomment if looking for something out of the norm in vegas.
4	Subject is the history of atomic testing in NV.  If this will be boring for you, don't go (and don't complain on yelp).  It does not cover all of the negative impacts of testing, but I didn't expect them too.  There is a lot of reading...a lot!  There are also present day and historical  videos throughout to break up the reading.  Take children only if they will behave.  There is a lot of reading and the subject matter is not always interesting to children.  It is distracting to other visitors if children are running around the museum.It is amazing how many artifacts they have on display and the detail that is covered.  I was very impressed and learned a lot!
5	This place was super cool.  I loved the history and all the artifacts.  The display of the atomic marketing throughout the years was crazy and thorough, all the way down to the plutonium ring that was included in boxes of Kix cereal.  It was a very interesting tour (done by the super cool Education Coordinator, Aaron), and I was really impressed that they put up a "locals" exhibit of Las Vegas through the years.
4	This museum wasn't nearly the most interesting one I went to, but it left the greatest impression on me. Now that Japan is dealing with a nuclear crisis, I have all the more respect. Anyone with a brain should go to this. In light of what happened in Japan, they should do a tutorial on the do's and don'ts if one was ever in a situation like that. Go. You may regret it, but you will never forget it.
4	My husband and I came here to try and avoid gambling too much (trust me, that didn't happen).The museum itself is pretty cool. The thought of bombs and mushroom clouds? even cooler. BUT! I wish they had more interactive exhibits instead of so much reading. I didn't mind the reading but really? words can do only so much. Who is... What is... can't quite be answered if there are no pictures!!!Also, the exhibit was pretty small..I think it only took 45mins to look at everything.Can't wait to see the exhibit for Area 51 in July 2011(?) though!
4	Yelp 365 challenge: Review 002/365 (8/2/2011)I visited TATM with my travel buddy (since I bought a Groupon in advance for my current LV trip) earlier yesterday.  The place was easy to find and parking was readily available.  The ticket counter gave each of us wristbands due to the restrooms, art gallery, reading room and gift shop being located outside the museum area.  We spent about 1.5 hours here, looking around and taking pictures of certain exhibits.  I particularly liked the videos, especially the old-school ones that showed what life in the U.S. was like prior to the Partial Test Ban Treaty (1963).Otherwise, I'm not sure what else to say about this place because I pretty much went due to the discount and just to experience something new, even though museums aren't usually my "thing."  IMHO, I think this place is better suited for two other audiences:  older generations (e.g., my baby-boomer parents) who were around back then, and elementary school children who probably know little about the role atomic bombs played in Nevada's history but are interested in it.All in all, four stars.  I most likely won't be back, but I definitely do appreciate the opportunity I had today at TATM.
3	cool museum to visit if you're looking for a break from the heat & gambling.  they have lots of artifacts & info from the Nevada Testing Site.
5	This place is awesome.  Just keep the terrorist out so that they won't be able to learn to build a working nuclear device!  =)Deuce-out!
5	This is an awesome museum, totally better than what I had expected.  The information were displayed nicely, with lots of photos and visuals.  My only gripe was the stupid no photography rule, but that never stops me!!  Note to the staff of the museum, get rid of that lame rule and let everyone  capture memories!
4	I highly recommend this museum for adults and children over about 9 or 10. It's not expensive but discount offers are generally available in a number of places including Groupon and coupon books.Self-guided, the well-designed exhibits tell the chronological story of atomic testing in Nevada and elsewhere. The exhibit is peppered with videos and includes a multi-sensory simulation of an above ground test.Be sure to visit the Titus Reading Library, named for Dina Titus, internationally known for her expertise in the history and policies related to nuclear power, weaponry, and waste - as well as her knowledge of the popular lore of "Atomic Culture."  The museum is an affiliate of The Smithsonian Institution.
4	Yes, I'm a nerd. I traveled to Vegas and went to a museum, but it was awesome. This type of stuff is really interesting to my boyfriend, and I've been reading a lot about it lately (and Area 51 and such). Besides, we'd heard so many good things, and this place did not disappoint. It doesn't take too long to go through it, but it's packed full of great information presented in an interesting manner. It also brings a lot of humanity to this particular era in history. I learned a lot, and enjoyed it quite a bit. A great diversion!
5	Not too far off the strip, this is well worth the cab ride. The top-quality exhibits document the atomic weapon industry and it's history around the world and Nevada.
5	Very much worth the drive or the taxi ride from the strip.  Please see it.  I came here on a groupon, and I would've paid full price for it.
4	I have been in Vegas for over 6 years now and have heard of this place but until I created a bucket list, I would have never visited. Now I am very glad I was able to make it here and learn about the history of the atomic bomb in regards to Vegas and the world. I know I retained more information walking through this museum than I did in school. Maybe because I wanted to?!? Its a self guided tour and they give you a map and a little information on each area that you will be walking through. I found the first half of the museum to be my favorite with the history while the second half goes more into what they use the testing site for now. There is a Disney movie that explains atoms and its was just weird to see the amount of effort that went into selling the public on atomic bombs. My favorite part was the simulator room you sit in and they give you some of the experience of watching an feeling an atomic bomb going off. The seats shake, they blow wind into the room and the screen shows smoke coming closer to you. They do a count down and I will admit, I knew what was going to happen but was still a little nervous, ha-ha. I think this is a great place to check out if you want to try something new in Vegas. Its a bit of history that most of us probably do not focus on and a cool way to spend an hour or so.
5	It's amazing to see how crude the tools were that gave us the atomic age. Protection was nothing more then a thick shirt. Going under you desk would protect you from a nuclear blast, as most people were taught in school.
5	One of Vegas's best-kept secrets and a place that highlights one of the most interesting facets of Vegas's past.  Highly recommended detour for those on the Strip but who are looking for an experience with a little more substance.
5	I learned a MEGA TON!This place way great. I found out about this museum through a Groupon and couldn't wait. The problem is, I live in the Bay Area. I still bought the thing and instantly made plans to visit Las Vegas solely to see this placeThe museum is bursting with artifacts and interactive exhibits. So much stuff to look at and learn. The Ground Zero theater was pretty cool. Kaboom! I felt like I got nuked.I am so very glad I purchased the deal, the Atomic Testing museum is a true gem. It's part of the Smithsonian so I knew it'll be pretty cool. The exhibits are very well thought out and the set-up is great. I was flabbergasted with its size and spent a good amount of time out of the Nevada sun. Another item on my Bucket List checked off.
3	There is a lot of information in this museum. That's not a bad thing, but if you're not a museum person and/or don't like bombs, then you probably shouldn't go. However, if you're at all curious about 1950s politics and culture on and off the strip, then step right in. Just be prepared to read a lot.The museum is pretty easy to get to from the strip. We drove from Bally's and it took about 5 minutes. Once inside, be prepared to spend at least 90 minutes reading and poking around because, as I said before, there is a buttload of information.My only qualm is the random pop culture tie-ins that are spread throughout the museum. A perfect example is the Elvis statue. I tried very hard to understand why it was there but couldn't. I guess these things are recognizable and therefore make it easier for the non-bomb lover to navigate through the space. Regardless, it seemed a little strange to me.Overall, a very good museum in a city that does a poor job at recognizing it's past. Las Vegas needs more things like this.
5	This was really an awesome place to keep the kids entertained for a few hours, and a memorable part of our Vegas trip. I saved a lot of money using a Groupon, but even at full price,  tickets are very affordable. We learned a lot! My 19 and 18 y/o kids had fun reading and learning about the cold war, and my 11 and 9 y/o had more fun with the interactive exhibits. We all enjoyed the Ground Zero theater. The gift shop was also surprisingly decently priced! We all know gift shops to be gougers, but some of the items cost a lot less than I expected them to...
1	ATM is not an 'atomic testing museum': it's almost pure, unadulterated propaganda. ATM's hidden, but at least it's inappropriately expensive. ATM is misnamed: it should be named "The racist US lost the Cold War and ruined the environment." ATM has a few atomic testing displays and many Americans / humans / Caucasians / science are evil displays. Pervasive political correctness pollutes the presentations. (If you have any knowledge of SAC, TAC, ADC, or history, you will be disappointed.)Excellent: The single photo of the atomic detonation visible from The Strip. Good: ATM actually has one, whole, replica atomic bomb! But was it tested at Mercury or in the Pacific?Good but odd: ATM has a display nuclear toys and merchandise with atomic names. Evil and PC: ATM has lots of "Japan is the innocent victim" displays. Evil mixed message: Atomic testing killed John Wayne. Evil: ATM advocates that US military's atomic testing caused extinction of the Paiute Indians, who lived near Mercury since before time began. And the US killed baby desert lizards. Totally inappropriate: Elvis. ELVIS? Totally inappropriate: 9-11. Missing: Photos of the atomic and nuclear devices and arsenals. Missing: Photos of Mercury. You can get much better pictures of Mercury from Google Earth. ATM gift shop has very little related to 'atomic testing' and copious related to guilt and nuclear test ban and anti-Americanism. It doesn't have Fat Man or Little Boy ear rings anymore. * Second visit reaffirmed first impression. Avoid or expect little.
5	Amazing...IF you like this sort of thing, which we do. If you don't have any interest in the particularly interesting time and place then don't bother. If you're cool you'll love it.
4	Positively frightening!  Our government was up to no good AGAIN!This is a very interesting museum that can get VERY technical, but thank goodness for their question guy!  He really added to the experience.  Do not be afraid to ask questions.  I also loved the film they play towards the middle...this is not to be missed.  I'd allow about 1.5 hours for this place.  Well worth the stop.
4	This is a very good way to take a break from the Strip and learn a little bit about the origin of the atom bomb.   We enjoyed the various displays and ended up spending almost 2 hours at this museum.
4	Just a short cab ride away from the strip is one of the greatest American history museums of science in the country - The Atomic Testing Museum. Being science geeks my husband and I couldn't wait to go there and learn more about this period of time in American history and about the how atomic energy changed our lives.The entry fee was nomial and well worth it. The museum is not just a bunch of pictures and documents, but an interactive and entertaining environment for learning. We spent over 2 hours in the muesum and only left because we were getting hungry.A great place to visit for those not interested in gambling, traveling with familes, interested in science, or just need a break from the strip.
5	I have been twice and still enjoyed my second visit.  Through bad planning, I ended up going with a group of guests right after hitting the Mob Museum.  Even after three hours at the previous museum reading a bunch of placards, this stop was still a hit and the agreed upon favorite.  It helps that my teenage nephews are all interested in science and were sufficiently awed by the power of the bombs discussed.  The staff is obviously very enthusiastic about the subject matter and we all loved the stories of casinos offering tour buses out to watch the testing back when they were above ground and the dangers were still unknown.  It is a little chilling watching people intentionally stand in a radioactive fallout zone, but one of the guides told us people still come to the museum that were there back then.  So obviously they didn't all grow a second head or turn into a radioactive superhero.The down side to this museum is that it could use a little updating and maybe some more interactive features.  If you don't have the patience to do the reading, you may not get much out of it.  The AREA 51 Exhibit was still being worked on, so we missed that though I imagine that will be a good addition.
3	Indeed, this museum is FULL of science and politics and could take a four-hour visit if you like to read and see everything.However, this museum takes today's 'interactive exhibits' idea to new extremes.  There are at least 20 soundtracks running constantly.  The effort to read or listen to one description while trying to keep the other four or five soundtracks in your immediate area out of your attention span is exhausting.  We made ourselves stay long enough to try to see and read everything and were relieved when it was finally closing time.  But, it was quite crowded there [yet another layer of noise] so maybe we are the only people who felt this way.
5	Unexpectedly awesome place. Who knew that a trip to Vegas could be educational? Probably not the best for young kids as the content is pretty dense in both politics and science, but extremely fascinating for young adults+ with galleries that are well organized, aesthetically pleasing, and content rich.
4	"I like the name Atomic Kitten. It's so great." For all of you with an inner geek for the nuclear age of the 50's & 60s', I would recommend this museum.  There is a plethora of information to read about and some good videos here to capture your attention for a couple of hours.  The focus here is on original sources, contemporary with when the events occurred, which in this history scholar's scorecard, is a no contest win.  You will also enjoy the connections they made with pop culture and others changes occurring at the time.The Area 51 exhibit is ok as it has some information I wasn't aware of previously.  If you are really into the government conspiracy alien stuff, you will like this attraction.  However, they set the expectations high for it, including a timed, guarded entrance and the payoff isn't there.  Like one of those unknown streaming Netflix movies.Tip: Look for the Groupon Now Deal!  I saved $12 off instantly.Pros:- Its educational- It's a good diversion from the ringing noise, blinding light, smoky, pokery world of Vegas - It's reasonably priced for what you getCons:- It could be more interactive- There aren't many amenities, so eat before you go.
5	Very good information and history on atomic bombs and the testing sites in the state of Nevada. I must say that in fact, it is somewhat of an information overload, especially for someone like me. You'll get to see a number of interactive exhibits and video clips on atomic energy and this important time in American history. Atomic Testing Museum is highly recommended for history and/or science fans. There's also a timeline of world events and pop culture around the start of the self-guided tour.
4	A historical museum about bombs, sign me up!You walk into the science center and have two options. Go to the atomic testing museum or the area 51 display or both. We decided to do both.So the area 51 is more sci fi than actual facts.They did have some facts about America's spy planes and other stuff about area 51, but most of it was conspiracy theory. Just not what i was looking for.The atomic testing museum was excellent. They have a wide variety artifacts, videos, and paintings. My favorite part was the timeline they had around the wall. The main focus was on atomic and nuclear facts, but also had political facts on the top and pop culture on the bottom. That i really liked.
5	You may ask: "Who goes to Las Vegas to check out a museum?" Well, I do. I'm neither a tourist, nor a drunk, nor a gambler and getting drunk and screaming "WOOHOO!!!! VEGAS!!!!" and trolling for hookers and cheap buffets is not my idea of a good time. When I travel, I'm looking to learn about the history of the place, and explore its beauty and it's people. That being said, if you're like me and not impressed by all of the "typical" Las Vegas stuff, there's still lots to see and do. Enter the Atomic Testing Museum. Many people may not know that just 80 miles to the north is the Nevada Test Site, and just beyond that is the famed Area 51. The Nevada Test Site was the location of hundreds of nuclear tests, dating all the way back to the start of America's nuclear weapons program in the early 1940s. Believe it or not, before there were casinos, hookers and Wayne Newton, people use to come to Las Vegas to watch the nuclear tests from a safe distance. Yes, nuclear weapons testing was the tourist attraction. The Atomic Testing Museum has many exhibits and films detailing the history of Las Vegas, the Nevada Test Site, and our nuclear weapons program as a whole. The place is incredible, and I can only imagine how amazing it must have been to see this stuff in its day. What really amazed me was a nuclear-powered rocket engine that's housed in the museum. Yes, we had nuclear-fueled rocket engines, and they actually ran. In fact, President Kennedy saw one run. The program was canceled, and none were put into service, but seriously how amazing is that? Call me a nerd or whatever, but this place is awesome. If you're into history and such, there's LOTS to do in the Las Vegas area when you get tired of drinking gallon-sized drinks and gambling away your mortgage. You absolutely have to check out the Atomic Testing Museum, words can't describe how incredible it is!
5	Very informative and educational. Kids loved it.
5	Nice detour!
5	I'm a big military/war history buff so I was very excited to visit this museum. I've been back three times and brought the kids ass well. There is a lot to read and I was really amused by the testing that used to occur near Vegas and that there were viewing areas setup at some hotels. This museum is great,very informative and I will be back again!
5	Got a buy one get one deal from groupon for this place, and I have to say, it's actually worth full price. Lots of artifacts, newspaper "clippings", videos, etc. REALLY interesting.  If you watched all the video clips available, you could easily be here all day. The only thing I didn't like is that at the front of the exhibit, it's very narrow, and packed with cool video displays.. Which means that the entrance was so packed you couldn't move.. Skip that just head down the hallway; there's plenty more to see! We also paid the upgrade fee to get into the area 51 exhibit, which was just as cheesy as it should be, and just as fun. Definitely give this place a try if you're into history.
3	The museum part was really informative and had a lot of great information and artifacts.  We learned a lot about WWII and the Cold War that we didn't know before.  There is also a video from the era about the atomic bomb that is in itself worth the trip.The "Area 51" that you pay extra for is extremely small and had no information/artifacts I couldn't have found on wikipedia.  That was really disappointing.
5	Really informative and well designed museum.  Great for children who have an interest in science.  Fun for adults to help understand details of the Cold War.  And perfect for those still wondering about "Area 51."  You walk away still asking a lot of questions but at least you begin to see the complexities of the whole situation, kind of?!!!!
4	Cool place to visit if you are looking to do something other than gamble.  Took the bus down Flamingo.The Area 51 extra was a bit over hyped, but what the heck, for $6.00, I could have blown that in one hand at any table in Vegas.The place was meticulously clean, the man at the desk upon arrival was very polite and friendly. Nice gift shop, I'm sure folks with younger kids would love it!Lots of good history about the atomic testing that was done in Nevada.
5	Hands down the geekiest thing you'll ever do in Vegas.Hoover Dam or the Pinball Hall of Fame have nothing on this museum.  This is Ground Zero for nerds, geeks, and anyone old enough who remembers what a Fallout Shelter was or did duck-and-cover drills in grade school.  Yeah, that includes me.Full of Smithsonian-quality artifacts, dioramas, installations, videos, full-size mock-ups, plaques and even a small theater that brings nuclear detonation as close to you being there as you'll probably ever want to get.  The museum presentation is encyclopedic without getting too tech or preachy.I was fascinated by the history of the Nevada Testing Site and the legacy of nuclear testing, and I was there for over two hours reading everything they presented and could've spent another hour.  I would not recommend this museum for those under 12 years-old.  Honestly, it's not for young kids; they won't understand the rationale for why testing was important at the time or how Nevada was selected.  They'll get bored quickly.  The last 1/4 of the museum has hands-on exhibits geared for older children, yet they're sophisticated enough to get me to interact.The only thing, which doesn't detract from my review of the actual museum, is that the gift shop was a letdown; it was stocked with stuff for young kids--a lot of things that were tie-ins for the cheesy "Area 51" exhibit that's separate from the museum.The museum is reachable by public transit, but bus service can be a little unpredictable.  You can get to the museum from the Strip by cab for around $8 or so, and one of the museum staff can call a cab to get you back to the Strip.  Outside the museum, there's not much around here if you didn't drive.  A Quiznos across the street is currently the only food option nearby.
5	Las Vegas now boasts some fine museums that are much different than the stodgy type that only house mummified artifacts from distant environs that were unearthed long ago.  Two of the best are the Atomic Testing Museum and the new Mob Museum.  On a recent visit to the Atomic Testing Museum Diane and I were enlightened about the events that occurred at the Nevada Test Site from the mid-20th century through the present, where it is now primarily used for counter-terrorism training of first responders.  The museum boasts several exhibits depicting different periods of time with actual devices of that day.  Many of the exhibits are interactive, and include video footage that brings home the destructive force of an atomic weapon, including a pictorial display in the Ground Zero Theater of an actual atomic bomb test at ground zero.  What I saw held special meaning to me, because my father worked as an auditor on the U.S. government's then secret Manhattan Project to develop an atomic bomb during World War II.A special exhibit that is now accessible for an additional fee is called "Area 51."  Those who enter are given a mission, and run into a few alien likenesses and more video exhibits concerning sightings of unidentified flying objects and possible extraterrestrials.  I did not enjoy this exhibit as much as the atomic testing portion of the museum, but it had its memorable moments, like touching a substance designed to replicate a reptilian alien's skin, whereupon I exclaimed in complete disgust upon feeling the cold and icky thick slime that this material resembled. All in all, this was a nice, different, and educational way to spend a couple of hours on a lazy summer afternoon.
5	This museum was for me incredible. It is part of the Smithsonian Museum and displays / tells the story of our underground testing here in America. It is incredible to think that America did almost 100 above ground nuclear tests and over 800 underground tests! The area where the tests were done and how they were done and stories about the people who were involved is fascinating. Another piece of history that will enlighten most!Oh yes - and the books they have are a very nice grouping that you might not see anywhere else!
5	I'm going to divide this review into 2 sections:  1) The Atomic Testing Museum and 2) Their Area 51 section.  1) The Atomic Testing Museum is fantastic - very well done with multiple films, lots of interactive displays, actual rockets and period displays.  I've been to a lot of museums and wow - this one is pretty fantastic.2) The Area 51 display is NOT WORHT IT.  It looks like a grade school science project.  If you watch the TV shows about alien conspiracy - then surely you've seen it all before and you've seen it 99x better. It's not worth the additional money.  So, pay for the museum but not 51.
5	Our guide informed us that the museum is the only historical museum in Vegas (no kidding) and is overseen by the Smithsonian. Very cool!The museum itself is very informative, the exhibits are great, and the staff are extremely knowledgable. Definitely a must do if you're into stuff like this. Beware though, it's impossible to get a cab back to the strip from here so be prepared to walk.
4	I have always wondered what was in this place. So Saturday I finally went and checked it out. Now mind you I like museums and semi nerdy places like this so when I say it was cool, it means cool to nerds! LOL. The pictures and factoids all over here were really cool. There are pictures and things I had never seen before, which is pretty rare as I dork on on the History Channel since it was invested. There was a great ground level snapshot from Nagasaki  that was amazing just as the bomb exploded. I had never seen it. The place is full of screens running videos and has so much to learn. I would like it better if you could but a annual pass, as there is still tons there I didn't have time to watch and read, but I would like to go back and check it out at a later date. Wouldn't do that for $10 a hit or whatever it is, so it would be better if you could pay $25 or something for an annual pass. Just a thought.Now the area 51 add on they did was stupid. When I say stupid it degraded the the entire experience because it was so bad. You paid extra to go into this really small and stupid area where they give you this really dumb security briefing by these two guys wearing camouflage. It was bad.. I mean it was actually funny but it wast supposed to be. So they walk you up to the door and these guys in cammo give you this long list of things you cant do and they are trying to be all cool and such with it but it comes of super campy. Then you walk into this Men in Black Office where this cheesy video gives you the security orientation. It was so stupid. I was laughing and embarrassed that some guy shot this video and had to have that on his resume. It is was something a couple of kids could have made.There was nothing interesting in the entire exhibit. It was full of pictures of stuff that supposedly tested there but no real information about anything. Then a cheesy area with Aliens and stuff. It was bad. I didn't expect a real National Security Breach here, but this was just plain taking peoples money. The Area 51 exhibit should be full of tribute to the people that have spent their lives there. Doing our country's Black Projects and making history what it is. A list of Pilots and workers killed, even if in CIA Style it was just Stars or something showing us that it happened and no names. A list of the technologies that came from their sacrifice would be cool. Even if generic talk about what Black  Programs are and why they are needed. Discuss how Area 51 was the test bed for Stealth Technology, testing foreign military weapons, reverse engineering, etc. It was all kind of mentioned in this area but it was done so badly it wasn't even a story line. Just information lobbed in there.I would say the Atomic Sections is fun, fascinating, and something to see. Skip Area 51 unless you have had a couple cocktails and want to laugh at the briefing! It is that bad.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! Everyone should come check it ouot! The history included here is phenomenal! My favorite part is taking new cocmer's in to the hteater! THey are really surprised when the BOMB DROPS!!! LOL! This place is great if you are into HISTORY, NUCLEAR SCIENCE, OLD ARTIFACTS or just want to learn about Nevada's history!  A must see for locals and visitors alike! THey are affiliated with the Smithsonian, so don't dismiss it! OH! ANd don't forget to pay the extra couple of bucks to see the AREA 51 exhibit while it's still here! WORTH EVERY PENNY! Even if you don't believe! Although, you should watch out for slenderman....he almost got me!
2	I think the museum was ok. I think the price was a little high for what they had. A few ok movies, a bunch of signs on the wall and a few interactive displays.  I thought the area 51 exhibition was an absolute joke. No value whatsoever, do not pay the $6.
4	I toured the Atomic Testing Museum for the second time yesterday and there still is much I haven't seen.  There are so many terminals with various videos of the atomic testing era.  Also, the display in some of the cases take a great amount of time to get through if you read what each item is and where it was obtained.Since I grew up in the testing era, I remember many of the things shown here.  I also remember watching a live test from Nevada on the Today Show back in the 1950s so this museum is especially compelling.It is not a large place, but it is so compact and laid out nicely that there is a lot of pieces displayed in a small area.  The museum also means more to me because I took the Department of Energy's tour of the Test Site and say the Sedan Crater and others in person.This is a great place to spend as many hours as you want.  It's historical impact is great indeed!
5	A very concise, well designed museum that covers a scary/bizarre/reality topic. It is an affiliate of the Smithsonian and it shows in the quality of the place. Atomic testing is such a quirky topic filled with emotion: horror and fascination. The museum does a great job of juxtaposing these emotions while presenting the history of atmospheric and underground testing. Lots of hardware from that era combined with video presentations and personal stories. Particularly interesting are the views of people, such as tourists who actually enjoyed watching atmospheric tests from outside the casinos. It is very thought provoking while giving great insight into an unusual chapter of US history.
5	Great museum that uses all sorts of displays  and technology to communicate the fascinating history of atomic bomb testing. The only blot was the $6 extra to tour the poorly done Site 51 area. That was done at the level of a Halloween haunted house in someone's basement. Don't pay extra for that, the museum really should just throw it in for free.
5	I thought my 300th review should go to a special place.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=P8mhHhcXHYDgJZDBsFPy7A&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwThis is one eye opening museum. One that will radioactively enlighten your day.This is a branch of the Smithsonian Institution and like all the others this place is very thorough in letting you know the facts from multiple  perspectives. I did the self tour so I could take my time and soak in as much on this place as I could. I even met a Yelp friend Atom.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-atomic-testing-museum-las-vegas?select=sJt8qJbkCXpeFB_9vFhdHg#sJt8qJbkCXpeFB_9vFhdHgThe Museum kind of starts in reverse as the first display is one that shows the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan with a short premier of the A-bombs birth. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=DxttT6mA5FbF1agv35diAQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwYou quickly move about the various displays that include to a milti-timeline table of the nuclear era that includes popular things like what the best TV show was, what was happening in Russia  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-atomic-testing-museum-las-vegas?select=oVbywp4289aavJ4pThd8Hg#FhcKP7e0Ueul1pLzHKiLGA  and what kind of nuclear testing was being done at that moment in time. A very interesting history lesson.  There is a letter penned to the US government from Albert Einstein from 1939 (well before WWII) that discussed the future of nuclear science, power, medicine and weapons and the need for the government to secure however possible the raw materials (uranium) from places both local and abroad.There are many cool displays from a working Geiger counter that you can use to sample display radioactive things that you'd never imagine are radioactive. I stuck my cell phone and guess what? Light radiation is emitted from a dumb phone. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-atomic-testing-museum-las-vegas?select=oVbywp4289aavJ4pThd8Hg#p23oO9CppodE_yTr8KQdzwThere are interactive displays and one of my favorites was the first theater where you got to feel a blast as if you were there.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=whzFsAV7dW1-ivMEOzJovQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw  This museum is rich with displays and physical / video / audio accounts of what it's like to be on the foreground of this nuclear testing facility  just outside of Las Vegas.This is a really a historical tour of our nations past that you must have once. 5***** StarsAdditionally there is a display that I did not go to that details area 51 and all the mystery that surrounds it, heard it sucked so I didn't bother.If you're a history buff and are a quasi-nerd like me you might just dig this place.
4	Finally got a chance to get this place off my bucket list for Vegas. Set aside at least 3 hours if you want to take your time and enjoy the museum. The cashier at the front said it took 1.5 hours but I was only on exhibit 4 of 10 at that point. It takes awhile to deconstruct the densely packed information at this museum. Each exhibit has about 10 videos and numerous artifacts.The one cool part was the video room where it feels like you're watching an atomic bomb explode. The negative part is that I was rushed out.The museum would do well to offer visitors a free next day pass for those arriving around within 2 hours of closing time.
5	Absolutely love this museum! Ive been to a lot of museums across the USA and Ive seen some bad ones and Ive seen some good ones and this one belongs in a very elite class of GREAT! It is a very informative and educational experience you must have. We spent over 3 hours walking the floor and were so surprised by how much items we could actually touch feel and interact with.my friends warned me about moving to Nevada that I would soon be glowing in the dark soon after moving. I was upset when I realized how close to the truth they actually were.Its worth every penny for admission and you will love the gift shop!
4	Since the gf and I were in Vegas for the week of Thanksgiving, we decided to fill up some of our time in town doing something other than eating, drinking, or gambling.  So, we trekked off Strip to the National Atomic Testing Museum for some intellectual stimulation to learn more about our nation's history of nuclear weapons testing.  The Atomic Testing Museum is a short cab ride from the Strip up E. Flamingo.  As stated in other reviews, the museum is associated with the Smithsonian Institution so it's definitely legit with a strong collection of exhibits, artifacts, photographs, and videos capturing the U.S. nuke testing program during the Cold War to the present.  Unlike the Smithsonian, there is a fee for entrance.  However, there are discounts for military, seniors, students, children, and Nevada residents.  Following the advice from other Yelpers, we didn't pay the additional charge to see the Area 51 exhibit (not that I was interested in seeing that anyway).  While the museum isn't large like one of the Smithsonian museums in DC, you should give yourself at least 2  1/2 to 3 hours to walk through and truly take it all in all.  All told, the National Atomic Testing Museum was worth the time and effort to see while we were in town.  Sometimes, you just need to push yourself away from the bar, dinner, or blackjack table and see the other things that Vegas has to offer.
3	There is a lot of reading at this museum. A LOT. I'm an English major and an English teacher, and I got a little tired of reading placards. At the same time, there is a lot of interesting and scary information about the history of atomic testing. I'm glad that they didn't kill more people or accidentally end the world when they were initially setting off the bombs with no real idea of what would happen.
4	Pretty interesting stuff here. It was neat to see how this important time in our history affected how the nation is today. I didn't do the area 51 exibit because of all the negative reviews here on Yelp
3	Interesting and educational if admittedly a bit dull.. would've liked more interactive exhibits and less reading and reading.  Even so, it is still rather different and worth checking out if you have the time but I wouldn't skip something else to come here. Be warned.. it takes awhile to go through as lots of reading required to get the jist of the area and time.  On a good note, lots of parking.
4	Interesting and educational great information about the cold war era and the development of atomic weapons including some actual video footage of the bomb being tested above and underground.  There was also a brief tour of Area 51 instead of aliens technology the reverse engineering of Russia MIG aircraft
4	We came here sight seeing with my sister in law. We paid the extra money to go into the Area 51 section of the museum where I learned some interesting things. I'm not sure if it is true but there was some information in the Area 51 exhibit that said that the Men in Black are real!?  What!? Really!? If  that is true then that is kind of cool and where do I sign up? Just kidding that would freak me out!  I also noticed some of the designs on the wall matched the symbols that were used in that old TV series Roswell. Kudos to the tv show for doing their homework!  Some of the exhibit was interactive like "How do aliens see you?" then you would put on some red honey comb like glasses. "How do aliens feel?" then you would touch some slime. While I was taking pictures for my review it looks like a ghost popped into one of my pictures. That weirded me out for like two days. It was no joke! When we were leaving one of the workers told us that the robot (you may have seen it on Lost in Space) by the entrance was made by a child out of everyday household items. The worker was pointing out some of the things that were used like the middle of a floppy disk or electric bases for chandeliers. It was a nice informative trip!
5	This update is going to be more meaningful for locals.  I got an annual membership for the museum and tonight I attended my first program at  the museum.  Reception was at 6 PM and the program started at 6:30.  The reception consisted of beer, wine, water, taquitos, quesadilla, and some large chocolate chip cookies.  The program was in two parts but they dealt with some of the same information.  Col. Peck (ret.) was involved in the program to use the MiGs this country obtained from defectors and use them to train our pilots in fighter pilot training.  T. D. Barnes (ret.) was a CIA employee who was involved in the reverse engineering of these planes.  He led teams that took the planes apart to see how they were built and of what and then put them back together.Their stories were fascinating and they gave me information I never knew before.  The museum director said there was a full line up of programs slated for the year.  I look forward to them.Individual membership is $50 per year and it comes with some benefits.  If you are not a member, the cost of the program was $20.  It pays for itself!  The history of the Cold War and beyond becomes more known as more of the information is declassified.
4	I had a great time at the Atomic Testing Museum, but I felt like was missing something to earn five stars. As the name would suggest, it's more about the tests and the development of the atomic bomb than the development of atomic science (I don't remember any mention of the word "quantum" anywhere) or the future of nuclear power (see nuclear fusion). Basically it covers the 50's, 60's and 70's.My top three favorite parts were:1) the old educational videos (I'm assuming from the 50's) - so much more entertaining than any lecture one would had to sit through2) photographs of people watching the test - made me think about how people may not have understood what was going on but wanted to see with their own eyes because they knew was a big deal. Well, that or they just wanted to see a really big "BOOM!"3) the pieces of art and culture from the "atomic age" - don't know what it is about it but I really like that styleOther highlights are the GZ (Ground Zero) Theater, where you can pretend to live out a nuclear blast(!!!); various items from the cold war, soviet and all; and piece of the World Trade Center, even though it has nothing to do with anything atomic.It is fair to say I'm a science nerd and am not the best judge of how interesting others may find it, but I this place is worth checking out.PS don't forget to get yourself a glow in the dark magnet from the gift shop - I'm pretty sure they aren't radioactive.
4	Great look back in history.  Lots to see & learn here
4	Decide to see what it was all about. Fairly interesting with lots of videos to supplement info. Not quite to the level of Los Alamos museum but still interesting for an hour or two.  I liked the fact they hit on several aspects associated with atomic energy and the race for the atomic bomb. I enjoyed the various "theaters" and found theme informative. They also had an Area 51 exhibit good for a giggle if you have an additional 30 min and a few extra bucks. Calling it lame is being nice, but it was fun. When we entered it was an hour to closing and we expressed concern. We were told we'd not be run out until 6 an hour after close. At 5:15 the nice security guard came to herd us out. He did offer a rain check to come back and they were kind enough to give it but alas we don't have the time. I'd say plan on an hour and half to two hours here if you plan ongoing what we did which is wander through and just catch the things that caught your eye. If you plan on being more thorough I'd say three to four. Tip: they do offer various discounts.
4	This is a real deal museum. You can tell they put a lot of effort into creating meaningful exhibits using genuine artifacts. You'll really learn a lot about the nuclear arms race and cold war. They also include nuclear applications beyond the military.Many hands-on exhibits too (you get to use a geiger counter!) And they have a good mix of informative movies, artifact displays and timelines. They do a great job of displaying the time period using music, images and cultural artifacts from the era. Note that much of the information is from a Las Vegas perspective: reaction from residents and businesses to the atomic testing being conducted nearby. They have guides who walk around and point out information. Not a lot of frills but very well done. And all for $14 for adults (senior and military discounts) and $11 for kids (6 and under are free). Don't get sucked into the Area 51 "museum" - as other reviews mentioned, calling it lame is being nice.
4	Place was fun and cool.  You start  to really get the idea of how much destruction a nuclear bomb does and the science of it a little.  I think it was really well portrayed.  As a somewhat review it's goes into 1) Science of a bomb2) Videos of big famous bombs going off3) How they decided test sites4) Cold wars and how other countries developed5) 'Merica... fuck yeh.  (theres pretty much just random stuff at the end like 9-11 pictures and random patriotic things that make ya just wanna salute the shit out of something in remembrance)Overall I had a fun and good time learnin.  Word for the wise though. Skip the Area 51 exhibit.  If your like me and probably everyone else, and not an alien conspiracy theorist then it's not that big of a deal.  There's some hokey displays and most of it was stuff like "This situation happened could it be.... MYTH or REALITY?!?!!?!?!?" I found this exhibit asking me more questions then i was asking it.  things like "Was it a frisbee in the sky or ALIEN UFO?? MYTH OR REALITY?!?!??!?"
4	Nicely organized with interesting artifacts and interactive presentations.
3	checked this place out after having lunch with a friend. discounts for nevada residents. so i got the atomic testing pass and the area 51 pass. the atomic stuff was really interesting. informative. a really friendly guy named SAM just came up and started talking to me. asked me where i was from and i did the same. he volunteers once a week. he was an employee of the nevada test site. he was in the navy and said he worked there until they didnt like his vernacular(i think thats what he said) i asked what he meant and he said he dropped too many f-bombs. haha funny guy. after talking for a bit he walks around and kinda does an informal tour guide thing for anyone looking at the exhibits. seems like he really enjoys meeting and talking to people.there were a lot of tools, equipment, and videos. i hope they checked all the stuff for radiation before bringing the stuff in.went to the area 51 afterwards. i was led in by a guy and he kinda did a brief "you need to be debriefed before you head in" and i was left in a room to watch a video of some guy talking. maybe i have ADD but i couldnt help but watch the smoke from the cigarette billowing throughout the video. the video was kinda boring...when you walk in its kinda eerie and you expect to have someone jump out of the wall like in a halloween scare house. but its just a bunch of videos and information about stuff you normally see on tv or can readily find on the internet. i wasnt too impressed with the area 51 exhibit. you can tell it was never intended to be in the building due to the construction of it. went to a reading section or something and when i walked in the lady approached me and said hello. said the reading materials were free. as i walked around to see what they had she started to talking to me. i forgot what she was saying but she wasnt looking at me when i looked at her. then i realized she was talking on her bluetooth headset. she welcomed me while she was still on the phone. it was clearly a personal call. when i left that area i felt like i was disturbing her personal phone call more than anything. there wasnt really anything interesting anyhow.dont waste your time with the area 51 exhibit, the most i got out of it was a nice walk in a dark room expecting for someone to jump out and scare me.
4	Really good and worth seeing.  It'll take about 2 hrs to go through if you read and mess with all the interactive stuff.  Didnt go through the area 51 exhibit.  Warning it's a bit of a downer but seriously think that everyone should go through it.
4	This is a great little museum. A little off the beaten path, but that's fine.I'm 50-something, so I grew up with a lot of this stuff. It is very interesting to see in a little more detail. It's also good to take some 20-somethings through and show them a bit of what life was like.Loved the lady who greeted us. I think she was a 90 years old. Looked like she fell off a charm bracelet. She asked us whether we were "good for an hour or so," or did we need to use the bathroom.Great photo opps. Great gift store. The lady in the gift store is way too into her job. Quite the nerd.
4	NIce break from the strip. Learn about the history of atomic testing in the US. About 1-2 hours. Look for discount coupons. Films, and displays, docents around to answer questions. Skipped Area 51, not crowed at all on a Tuesday afternoon.
4	We decided to kill a few hours at the museum and found it pretty enlightening and interesting.  The exhibits are fascinating from atomic testing to how "nuclear" and "atomic" entered pop-culture.  I'm glad we went here and would recommend it to anyone interested in Cold War or US history.  They do have another paid exhibit regarding UFOs & Roswell.  It was more hokey than interesting; I'd suggest to skip it unless your a UFO buff.
4	About 5-7 minutes from the Strip.  It's a good way to spend 1-2 hours for the kids.The Museum is more about the history about the test sites and the neighboring areas than about the science behind the atomic era.  The exhibition area is not large at all but we all learned a great deal.   This is the type of museum that you will visit once and probably will not go back again (because the material is limited).
5	A nice break from the psychosis that is the Las Vegas strip. We decided to walk off all the crap we consumed over the past few days. We walked east from the strip starting at Caesar's Palace and down Flamingo Road for what seemed to be miles and miles but really just about 40 minutes or so. The National Atomic Testing Museum is on the south side of Flamingo Road between Palos Verdes street and Swenson street. If you walk, you get to pass and ogle the burnt out remains of the Hotel Key Largo that suffered a four-alarm fire back in March. That's actually a nice preparation for going to an Atomic Testing museum. This type of museum is probably not for everyone - definitely not for kids below the age of literacy as most of the exhibits are accompanied by lots of text explaining the history and details behind each exhibit. If you've been to such places as the Titan Missile Museum in Tucson, ground zero in Hiroshima (Atomic Bomb Dome), took one of the biannual pilgrimages to Trinity Site near Socorro, New Mexico, or watched and enjoyed The Atomic Cafe - than this place is definitely something you want to see. Also, if you're retired and have nothing better to do that's also a good enough reason as I've witnessed here. I didn't do the Area 51 thing. Just did a slow walk through of all the exhibits, watched all the old black and white broadcasts - sorta reminded me of grade school social studies class back in the day. Also had fun with the geiger counter exhibit where you get to test different things. The gift shop sells Trinitite as souvenirs. The lady working there reassured us there is some radioactivity however it's nothing more than what a cellphone gives off. So yeah, I sleep with it under my pillow now. Sweet Atomic Dreams.
4	I really enjoy museums and this one would have passed my radar if not for an acquaintance who wanted to go. It's definitely eye opening, informative, and interesting. A cool place to visit if you like history and science. Last year they had an Area 51 exhibit which I would've loved to have seen, but didn't get a chance to.
4	The atomic testing museum is fascinating, and information dense experience.  The Area 51 exhibit is quite silly however, and I wouldn't bother with it if I had my time again.  It detracts from the serious museum next door.Once inside the museum you are taken through the history of the US test program from Trinity onwards.  The exhibits are thoughtfully laid out and there is a lot to see,  we especially liked the theatre that was set up to recreate watching a test firing.The museum takes the point of view of those conducting the tests and I didn't see much information regarding their unintended consequences.
5	Had a great time at the Atomic Testing Museum! Very informative and interesting. Highly recommend checking it out if you are into science or museums.
2	As an informative museum, this is only meh.As a fun way to spend a few hours in Vegas, this is five stars.So, figure out what you want of your day and you won't be disappointed.The museum has a nice amalgamation of things, but they aren't necessarily curated in a way that helps explain context. (i.e. why is a 21st century book on Atomic Cocktails mixed in with all the 1950-s era materials? Why is there a stuffed mountain lion atop one of the the fake rocks? I'm sure there is a reason - help me understand.)Others have indicated that the museum is slightly biased. I would say that the museum is tremendously biased. And, that's ok provided you keep that in mind. They do not even try to hide the difficulties of waging war with nuclear weapons, but, there is minimal discussion of atomic waste or decisions over which areas of the world (outside of Nevada) were selected and why for testing. An example of propaganda? In one location, a giant bore bit is displayed with a sign that suggests that, were it not for underground testing, we would not have had the equipment needed to rescue the Chilean miners.The Area 51 exhibit is ridiculous, but I would totally go through it againIf you read all the signage, it will take you several hours to work through the museum. And, a warning that the movie has VERY bright lights, sound, and even wind. It scared the crap out of me.I had a blast (no pun intended) and would recommend it to anyone interested in seeing unusual sites. But, as a museum with the Smithsonian name on it, it has some deficits as an educational facility.
3	In general, I was underwhelmed by this museum, though the gift shop appeased the math and science geek in me. This museum is quite biased and really doesn't present any of the negative effects of nuclear testing. Rather, it presents a overview and timeline of what methods were used and what was going on during the different time periods. The videos were okay.I skipped the Area 51 exhibit, which costs extra. I can look that up on Wikipedia for no charge. I've definitely been to better science museums and am a bit surprised this place bears the Smithsonian name.
4	The actual Atomic Museum is very cool and well worth the price of admission. Got a good deal through Groupon to make it sweeter. The Area 51 "exhibit" however is not worth visiting at all. There is a separate charge for it so make sure you save your cash.
4	This is one of those places I probably never would have gotten around to visiting without two driving factors: out-of-town visitors, and Groupon. The subject matter never would have drawn me, and for the same reason I have tradtionally avoided sports, garages, and Westerns and war movies at the Saturday matinees: they are BOY'S stuff! Yawn!! But, being the trooper that I am, not to mention a gracious hostess, (ok, there WAS the promise of lunch afterwards), I sucked it up and made the ten-block journey. There was a lot of material more geared to the scientifically inclined and/or testosterone endowed, but I was intrigued by the displays of artifacts from the period, and was jarred with childhood reminiscences  of bomb shelters and air raid warnings. Remember the noon whistle that used to go off on Saturdays? Whatever happened to that? And when did they stop teaching children to hide under their desks during a nuclear attack? Has the government stopped caring??? But I digress...Just when black and white video clips of events I actually remember (like the Beatles appearing at the rotunda of the Convention Center) were starting to make me feel really old, along would come a lab-coated employee/volunteer to share some interesting tidbit about their days working at Mercury (yes, we always just called the test site "Mercury"), and I was feeling sprightly again. (Did I mention those matinees I was avoiding were at the old Huntridge theater? Yes, it really used to be open).In all seriousness, there was a lot of material and information to be absorbed, and the test simulation was a cool experience, as was talking with the people who lived it. One thing that stuck with me was a letter on display written by a biology professor in Japan to the testing agency. He was describing an incident where a test bomb had been detonated in the Pacific ocean, with a Japanese fishing boat unfortunately near. The crew were now sick with the symptoms of radiation poisoning and he was inquiring as to what would be the best treatment for their illness. Good luck with that. They didn`t have a copy of the answer that was sent.
5	Good for a few hours of fun away from the strip.  Nice exhibits.  Not too technical for me but not too 'dumbed-down' for hubby, who has a PhD in physics.  Besides, where else can you have your picture taken next to Robby the Robot?
1	I had such high hopes for this place. Been wanting to visit on my last couple of trips but never got around to it until today. Sadly, this place sucks. Not only are most of the employees rude, but they lack a general basic knowledge on anything nuclear related, and an even more distorted view on foreign policy. I would say don't waste your time. More of a out of the way overpriced tourist trap.
3	Interesting.  Informative.  Frightening.  The museum made me think about trust, governments, and issues in the world in which we live.   What was it Einstein said? paraphasing:  I don't know what weapons will be used to fight WW III, but WWIV will be fought with sticks and stones.
4	Bigger than it looks! Goes into (almost painful) detail about the history of atomic testing, the science behind it, the cultural influences, etc. Wouldn't expect to only pay $35 (two military tickets, plus entrance to Area 51 exhibit) for a three-hour long trek through such a large museum! Took off one star because it's basically like reading a book; I love reading, but holy cow! It was like information overload! Tough to pick out the truly interesting stuff sometimes. Wouldn't really suggest it for little ones, there isn't a ton of interaction and it's super-heavy on information.
4	Educational and quite interesting!Lots to see and read.  They also have an additional section about Area 51 however it costs more money to go in this part.  If your into aliens, etc. it's pretty cool otherwise it's a little short and goes by quickly.I would have skipped that part of just went to the main part.
3	The National Atomic Testing Museum was really neat!  My husband and I love history and this place sparked our interest from an episode of Mysteries at the Musuem.  Very informative, tons of things to look at and touch, and a great explanation of how we got started in this mess! 5 stars for this portion.Unfortunately, the Area 51 exhibit was a total disappointment. It looked like someone just threw stuff on a wall or in a case.  I felt like I was in a haunted house.  It's a giant room partitioned off with black curtains.  Very cheap in comparison to the Atomic portion next door.  They had random things that didn't make any sense.  They had a small model of solar system that glowed.  How does that relate to Area 51? They had so many videos playing in one section it was hard to concentrate on one.  One case box had an image of a Word document with those red and green squiggles that show up when you have typos or grammatical errors.The only redeeming quality of this exhibit  were videos of jets breaking the sound barrier. Again something not related to Area 51. Although this is something you can probably find on YouTube.  Luckily we had a military discount so paying the extra cost wasn't that big of a deal. Don't waste your money on the Area 51 exhibit!
4	Pretty cool little museum! A good break from the Vegas Strip!  And if you bring your student ID you get a discount!
4	Good. Lots of info. Area 51 kinda hokey but still pretty nice way to spend a few hrs.
5	We were greeted by a volunteer that had worked for 48 years at the testing site. He gave us a brief, but brilliant history of the site. A few people walked past us instead of engaging and really missed out on what made this such a great museum, the personal, human, explanation of the site.
4	My husband and I are huge fans of the Fallout: New Vegas video game, and because of this, we kept calling it the Fallout museum. Really, with the Area 51 exhibit and all of the cool information about how Las Vegas was influenced by the atomic testing site nearby, it did provide a lot of background information for the game ;) (Yeah, I know I'm a nerd . . .)That being said, I wouldn't really recommend wasting the $6/person for the Area 51 exhibit. It's a little cheesy even by my standards. But, the actual museum shouldn't be missed if you're in Vegas.
4	If you've been in Vegas enough times that you don't care for the usual destinations any more -then this is a great place to spend some time, relax and learn something (if this is your first time in Vegas you are not reading this review anyway!). Great pictures and information about facts that most people don't even know that they ever happened. there is something nice to explore in every room but make sure that you don't miss the movie in the "bomb shelter", it's a nice experience.
4	I am a museum nerd let me just say. So also using a Groupon to get into a museum was nerdy goodness for me. I enjoyed walking around the exhibit and the museum guide was very informative. I learned some fun new facts about Las Vegas during atomic testing, so what more can I ask of a museum. I wouldn't recommend the Area 51 exhibit it's mostly just black lights and glow paint. I did want to say that I don't think the museum was biased or pro nuclear. The museum just talked to people that were involved in the projects and some of those people have their own opinions. I wouldn't call them biased but have the mindset of a bygone era. If you know or have talked to a WWII vet you'll know what I mean. If you are looking for something new to do in Vegas during the day give it a try its cheap enough.
3	4-stars if you are very interested in the subject, a museum nerd, or, got a deal (half off) on the tickets.  Otherwise for the rest of the public that does not have a keen interest, or is paying full price, it's a 3-star exhibit.  Like most museums, what you get out of it depends on how methodically you go through it.  Your average person will not read and participate in every exhibit and for those I give this 3-stars but if you take your time (allow at least an hour and a half to go through) you can easily get 4-stars out of it. I typically go into length in my reviews but I feel that's all I really need to say about this one (see my fellow reviewers' reviews.)  3.5 stars.
4	I found this place through Yelp. I read the reviews. I decided it was worth a shot because even the lower ratings said it was worth one go.I have to say that I really impressed with the information that they provide. Some of it was a little dry for me, but we easily spend 2 1/2 to 3 hours there, so it was worth the money and it wasnt the "run of the mill" activity for our Vegas trips. We really enjoyed ourselves.The 9-11 memorial thing made me sad. I didn't really expect it.The Area 51 thing lost me but my guy was fascinated! The gift store was pretty reasonably priced, and I am always willing to buy stuff for my kids (who didn't come) I don't think this one is geared toward children.
4	I recommend this museum, but if you get the chance to use a Groupon or Student Discount, take it.  They have a gift shop, which you can go to without having to go to the museum.  Prices are very reasonable and they have a wide assortment of things, just gotta take the time to look.This was a fun museum to visit, despite such unfortunate subjects covered here.  There is something missing to the museum for me to give it all 5 stars, the first good portion of it was walking and reading only.  Although the museum seemed smaller than most others I've been to, it made up for it's size in content.  Each display had loads of information and interesting pieces to see.  It was interesting to see what children were learning and what families were very concerned about during the Atomic Age, and compare it to today's generation.  Sometimes, members of the museum will have presentations, volunteers will tell stories of their test site experiences, and even the staff will get involved with educating.  It was mostly the staff made the experience fun and delightful with their friendly and positive demeanor.The Area 51 side was cheezy cute, but they did still have a lot to look at for aviation buffs like myself.  This side would probably be cool to bring kids (probably around 9-10yo), the staff even does a briefing in the beginning to make it seem super legit.  The kids would probably also have fun playing with the Geiger counter and the slow motion videos of the bomb droppings on the museum side.
2	Is this the only museum in Las Vegas? !! Why are people giving high reviews when it's boring and pricey ?! I went to both the museum and Area 51. It was a lot of reading and text than artifacts and pictures. I got so bored. Expect to see A lot of rocks and tiny  metal pieces cased in a glass containers then a large amount if text to go with it. Only good thing was there was a few film clips. Not worth the money or the time .
4	Not the best museum in Las Vegas but is one that you should see. Especially if you are a regular to sin city. We walked through it and I'm happy we did. Not as good as the Mob Museum but better then the sex museum.
3	I would have gone full five stars, had we skipped the Area 51 'exhibit '. I use the word exhibit in the most generous of ways,  it is more like a seventh grade science fair project.And that may be too insulting to seventh graders.   Poorly constructed, poorly curated, and without a doubt NOT WORTH the additional fee.Had they covered the birth of the alien conspiracy bent with meshing with the projects that we're being conducted in the area, in a more structured informative method would be appreciated ,   Revel model airplanes hanging from strings...  Not so much.Loved the permanent  side of the museum.
4	I took my 13 year old son who is all into science and he loved it. Really neat facts and items of the testing era. They even have a pretty neat 4d little theater with a great little demo of some of the testing that has gone on here in Nevada. I thought overall the place is neat, clean and well setup and it closes at 5pm but if your already inside they let you stay until about 6pm. I thought that was pretty cool.
5	This place was actually a lot cooler than I thought it was going to be.When I went they were also showcasing an Area 51 exhibit which I also saw.  This museum I think is owned by the Smithsonian, so you got the story that the government wants you to hear.  I personally laughed at a few of their shenanigans.  It was worth seeing though.The Atomic museum was really cool and very educational.  They had a lot of cool displays and a video feature which was cool.  It is a walk through type of thing, unguided at your own pace.  At the end they had a giant beam from the World Trade Center, which I felt was unrelated, but it still has a somber feel to it.
4	Enjoyed the Atomic Testing Museum, but could do without the Area 51 Exhibit. Museum was informative and was a good way to spend 2-3 hours learning about the atomic testing performed just north of Vegas. I only recommend this museum to those interested in the atomic advances made during the 1940's-1960's. If you already hold this interest, you may not learn much new from the museum. It is probably more of a refresher on this history. Best Experience: Spinning the frame-by-frame knob super fast on the a-bomb blast footage display.
5	Pleasantly surprised at this little museum.  We passed by this place on our way to dinner during one of our Vegas trips, and thought "what an odd museum".  Last week I spotted a Groupon, and decided to give this place a try.The Area 51 exhibit came with the Groupon, and it wasn't as cheesy as I thought.  There's some decent videos among the cheesy things, but overall it makes you think "Who is out there?" The Atomic Museum part was very humbling in that man created weapons of mass destruction in the name of freedom.  The people who had a hand in this would do it again, so that we can be "free" Americans.  Its still pretty scary that man created this in the name of science.At the end of the museum was a piece of the Berlin Wall, which I have seen the original Wall last February.  In addition I've seen part of the Wall at the Ronald Reagan Library in Simi Valley.  Its a truly remarkable piece of history, and I can't believe a simple wall used to divide Germany into 2.I don't know if I'd pay full price to see this.  The entire 2 exhibits took about 2 hours and change to view.  Discount with a Groupon made it much easier to give this a 5 star rating.Free parking, free wifi, and plenty of AIR CONDITIONING!Not recommended for kids under 12 years old unless they really like science and history.
3	I thought the museum was very informative. I think I could have enjoyed it more if I had a background with in nuclear engineering or grew up during the Cold War. The Area 51 exhibit was boring (and looked poorly constructed). I think it would have been good for children, but not for me.
2	I was pretty dissapointed and would have been better off spending the day at the pool verses the trouble getting to and from.  The museum has some really cool artifacts, but like someone else stated, the info provided is something you can learn via discovery channel.  The interactive experience was pretty cool.  The area 51 area left me pretty regretful.  It is corny and lacked any real info.  There were stuffed animals as decor and really takes away from the "exhibit" it wasn't an exhibit, more like a themed walk through.. weird. tip: Don't walk there from strip!
3	Pretty cool museum for all those folks who say Vegas doesn't invest in educational pursuits and has no culture. It's not the best museum I've ever been to, and it's not particularly child-friendly, but it's affiliated with the Smithsonian and especially relevant to Vegas considering all of this atomic research was conducted close by.When I say it's not a child-friendly museum, it's because the set up is information heavy and consists of reading large chunks of writing, repeatedly. It's kind of overload. Before I was even half way through, I was just skimming. Few of the sections had interactive components- because no, having a screen with five different videos to pick from isn't what I call interactive.The part I most enjoyed was the time line: it showed popular events in pop culture, world history, and in atomic testing, all on the same diagram so you could see what events were happening at the same time as others.On thing I didn't care for was the inclusion of random canvases of art: someone with a paintbrush and some talent made a series of paintings depicting people during the time of atomic testing in various contemporary scenes. All included a small tag with the work's name and sale price. I found this tacky. Sell things inside the museum store, not inside the museum itself.Last couple of exhibits were related to south western Indian tribes, advances in technology, and a modern major events in history: with a chunk of the Berlin wall and one of the beams from the World Trade Center 9/11.
5	PERFECT FOR THOSE WHO WEAR TIN FOIL HATS! OR LOVE SCIENCE, ALIENS, ASTRONAUTS, SPACE EXPLORATION, AIR CONDITIONING, READING, WAR TIME STUDIES & TECHNOLOGY! So, that's me! Yay! T H O U G H T S: Is there life among the planets that share this atmosphere and this space we also inhabit? Is it true that creation first requires destruction, as Picasso once said? Are WMDs to save our world or destroy others and why do we test them only to infect and harm nearby populations? Many questions swirled about me as I perused this non-obstrusive, but inviting museum, off the main Las Vegas drag, with interactive opportunities and a simulation film with bench seating of what it was like for people in 1950s Nevada, California or Washington state to experience a nuclear test in their backyard. In 1950s Nevada, civilians had to wear dog tags ''in case of nuclear attack''. Los Angeles denizens would gather to watch the nuclear tests over the border. The Frank H. Rogers Science and Technology and National Atomic Testing Museum leans towards the patriotic and chastises other nations for its atomic and nuclear explorations, but that's politics and I appreciate all voices in a debate. The running dialogue has been that the United States should be allowed unencumbered access to science and technological exploration. If others got to it first, it was considered an affront to the American people. Albert Einstein is said to have told his best friend, Linus Pauling,"I made one great mistake in my life--when I signed the letter to President Roosevelt recommending that atom bombs be made; but there was some justification--the danger that the Germans would make them [...]"T I C K E T S: Upon entry, you'll receive a neon green wristband and lanyard, you may keep or recycle, with a different alien species or creature description. If you want to only see the atomic testing exhibits, tickets are $14, if you add the X-Files-esque Area 51 observation it's $20 per adult. A group tour of 10 people or more is $10 per person. Students are $17, children from 7 to 17 are $12, seniors over 62 years of age, military and Nevada residents are also $12. Children under 6 years of age are free. The museum stays open daily until 5p.m. but it's closed on major holidays, as it is an affiliate of the Smithsonian and therefore receives government assistance. A M B I A N C E: The vintage newspapers, old propaganda films and survival kits are absolutely fascinating and you'll want to go slow enough to take it all in. The plaques are not overwhelming and it's geared for the layman so all can easily digest this heavy topic. Atomic testing was so beloved at one point, people celebrated with cakes and even a Miss Atomic Bomb beauty contest. Her outfit was a mushroom cloud. This museum offers the chance to see the missiles, military accoutrements, a staged space of the actual items used in the military offices on the testing site, and other gear. Stop in at the reading library - your signature is required to enter, and you can peruse all sorts of documents (that the public are allowed to see, anyway), and can even take home some fact sheets and information. There are options to check-out literature. SHOP 'TIL YOU DROP: Don't skip the museum store. They sell C.I.A. mugs and alien stickers, Tesla and Einstein and Oppenheimer trinkets and more. Plus, patches and military-related reading material, including documentaries getting even more in-depth on opinions, urban legends and secret politics. T R A N S P O R T A T I O N: Buses are an option, but when venturing that far off from the Strip, you may find it more reliable to call for a cab, or if staying at a resort, wait at the taxi stand. I recommend Lucky Las Vegas Cabs, ask for Enrique Corona-Sandoval. He knows the city and is very friendly, and professional.P R O-T I P: Look for the monitor that gives you control of the bomb scenes, and go as fast or slow as you want to see what an atomic bomb really looks like in motion, as it tears through the forest or village home or desert. Quite mesmerizing and disturbing.
4	I really enjoyed my visit to the museum today.   It was $22 per person but there is a great groupon out there that is $48 for 6 adults!!!!The Atomic Museum was very interesting and full of great history and information about the A bomb and the Nevada Testing Site.  I enjoyed listening to the docent who was involved with the nuclear weapons program in all sorts of capacities.  He was very knowledgeable and friendly and gave so much information that you could not read on the walls of the museum.I enjoyed listening to the many TV and listening stations about the program, history, and current day progress in the disposal of radiologic trash.I also went into the Area 51 exhibit.  I was extremely disappointed with it.  I didn't understand the writing on the walls AT ALL.  It went over my head or under my head or whatever.  I just didn't get it.Don't bother with the Area 51 exhibit but definitely go to the Atomic part.  Worth the money and very interesting.
5	This place is a real gem for those who like to geek out or are true history buffs (that would include my son and husband). We took a visit to Vegas with the family and really wanted to check this place out. We got in here with a Groupon which was $48 for the whole family (5 people) plus access to Area 51.There are two areas in this exhibit - Area 51 and the National Atomic Testing Museum (NATM).Area 51 is all about extraterrestrial life and aliens. There are cheesy electronic sounds, alien dolls and some news articles on sightings. They have old radio broadcasts and some video clips. I definitely would not pay full price for access to this area, but if you get in on a Groupon deal, definitely take it. My kids, who are 14, 11, 9 were intrigued.The NATM is really well done. Lots of information, pictures, videos and facts. They keep the exhibits interesting and interactive. Lots of tactile demonstrations for kids to play with too. They have a video room which demonstrates what a real nuclear bomb would have felt like if you were nearby and gives a brief bio on the testing performed by those who worked during those times. It plays every 10 minutes. We easily spent over 2 hours here and with the Area 51, it was closer to 3. They even have a nice souvenir store and we bought some really cool postcards to frame.I highly recommend this place if you are in the Vegas area. Put it on your must do list.
5	A very informative museum with tons of information through out the atomic side of the building. We spent over two hours inside with out even realizing it. If you emjoy history and actually reading exhibits and not being spoon-fed info this is great for you.The Area 51 part was a joke. A lot of misleading information that you can easily decipher if your into aviation historyThe museum store was really cool to, a lot of unique items. TIP: Buy a groupon and save some money. It's only a five minute cab ride from the strip, so check it out!
3	I imagine people that are really into the history of atomic testing would enjoy the museum.  I was lead to believe there was a fallout shelter you'd be walking though, but there was nothing of the sort.  All it is is history.  Lots of dates, laws, and history.  I did learn somethings so I don't regret going, but it was not exciting by any stretch of my imagination.The area 51 exhibit is a joke unless you are a nerdy 8 year old.
4	Really enjoyed our visit to this museum. Got a really good better than 2 for one Groupon deal, which was a nice score. I strongly recommend allowing for at least 4 hours to take in the entire experience, as three hours for our visit was not near enough to experience all that the museum offers. There are some nice surprise exhibits that give you a full on atomic experience, but I won't elaborate so as not to spoil the adventure! They give you a special badge for the area 51 exhibit, which makes a nice keepsake, however, I found the area 51 exhibit to be amateurish and disappointing. The rest of the museum was great, so therefore,  I highly recommend a visit to this very unique museum, you will not be disappointed.
5	What a find in a big city, a real gem and it's absolutely free! The views of NV are spectacular, the gardens cry out to be enjoyed, the sculptures scattered around the gardens need a day alone to fully explore, the cafe is extremely reasonably priced for refreshments if you haven't packed your own picnic BUT the main attraction is the magnificent collection of art. There is Monet, Cezanne and Van Gogh amongst many others - the mind boggles at the enormity of the collection. The staff are very knowledgeable and friendly, it is in a nutshell, an absolute must on any visitor's list of things to see in LNV A. I will definitely return there when back in NV . Thank you John Paul National Atomic Testing Museum.
5	The building is magnificent. The gardens are beautiful. exhibits are so-so. I don't recommend dining in the expensive restaurant - The food is only so-so. National Atomic Testing Museum has a second location in Malibu that we prefer.
2	Maybe this just isn't my bag, but I really didn't like it here.  It seemed to have a very pro-atomic spin to it.  I was thinking that there would be more information on the impacts of nuclear weapons, as well as more than one mention of the testing in the Bikini Atoll.  I get that it focuses on testing in Nevada, but it just seemed like a very small snapshot.  I am glad I got a groupon so that I didn't spend as much money as I would.  My boyfriend really loved it and could have spent several hours there if I hadn't made him leave.
5	I've been to Vegas a ton of times, but this was my first trip to the museum. Great museum with great enlightening information. The simulated test theater was incredible.
4	A wonderful place to visit. Fabulous views of Las Vegas, beautiful garden designed by Robert Irwin, and intriguing architecture. The Museum collections are varied but photography collection is well worth the visit. All this and it is free apart from the parking charge.
