5	you have about an hour between your last meeting and your evening of high-stakes blackjack with your asian business partner. while you're hurrying back to your hotel room to change, your heel breaks. under ordinary circumstances, you might just substitute a pair of flats. (well, i probably wouldn't, since I don't own any flats, but someone else might) EXCEPT that you are a shoe designer and you're meeting with the head of the biggest shoe factory in the world, who is taking you to dinner. so showing up in less-than-fantastic shoes is not an option. a 15 minute stop in Macy's produces the most glamorous, silver-and-black-dripping-with-rhinestones stuart weitzman stilettos, that are 1/2 OFF (!!!), meaning they are 1/18th of the price of every other pair of shoes on the strip. and with what we won at blackjack, i could have shopped at Chanel!
4	Macy's Tip - Visiting a Macy's out of town? Go to gift wrap and pick up a visitors pass that can save you an additional 11%.  If you find the good sales people they will combine coupons and do magical things. The Macy's Mens section at FSM is decent although it does not compare to Orange County, SF, or NYC.Macy's has a great return policy for their card holders as well.
2	I'm a Macy's snob.  Rightously so, my mom works at Macy's and probably one of the better ones too! (screw the SF one, its all about Pleasanton!)  I came here looking for booty shorts, no such luck.  Their clearance racks were tiny in comparision to what I am used to over at P-town and their customer service was down right rude.I'm sure in a pinch this place would do, but I just couldn't find what I was looking for here.
2	Nice store. Good size but when I went there. The department seemed messy. Especially in the junior section. Not many selections. The only good thing is that it's better than up north and my boyfriend bought stuff he loved and had in stock.
5	Marshal was awesome in  Men's clothing. Very helpful and the nicest Macy's employee in 20 years of Macy's shopping.
4	When you are running low on underwear in Las Vegas, go to MacY's... with minimal fuss, I found 4 pairs of Calvins and took them to the till.The very friendly sales assistant not only gave me a voucher to get money off my undies, she gave me a very friendly, motherly lecture about staying hydrated in the Nevada heat. Awwww bless her!
5	On sale on sale on sale almost every single day...This is the first place for most ppl shopping IF you are looking for something $ (inexpensive). Also, good servie on return even if you bought on web. Cool cool cool...I got my mom's ring last year, it was very good price + extra discount + 20% off = much much much much cheap than any of other jewelry stores! And shoes, and cosmetic, and clothing, and ect... :)
1	What the hell, Macy's? Now don't get me wrong, I love this place usually, but today was a human car wash of terror. Sunday afternoon and it was packed as hell and really gave off the air of hysteria. When you first walk in, my mom and I had to hang an immediate left to make sure we weren't accosted by many people handing out loads of perfume samples. Since my mother is an asthmatic, this is not a good scene for her to be in, and since I could really give a flying frog it was not a good scene for me either. We headed to the women's department to try and find her some jeans, but it was ridiculously unorganized and we couldn't find hardly anything. Not only that, but after 10 minutes of wandering aimlessly on the first floor we couldn't find ONE associate to even throw us in the right direction. Not okay, especially when it is as busy as it was. In the past I have liked shopping here since they have some really good sales usually, and have held special events, but overall I think I would avoid this specific store like the plague. Not worth the headache.
1	This 1 star rating is only for the MAC part of this Macy's.MAC @ Macy's:If you have somewhere special to go to and you want your make-up done. Please please DO NOT get your make-up done here....!! at least not with the kind of big make-up artist who's kind of bubbly that works here.I had a really bad experience here when i got my make-up done for high-school prom..whiiile backk. but she did my make-up and told me it was a "surprise" until the end, i chose my eyeshadow but when i saw my face it was filled with foundation that was wayy darker than my skin tone and my eyeshadow was kind of a mess!! this put me to tears considering that i was going to take pics 2 hours from that time.. I completely took it off when i got home and re-did my make up=(.so PLEASEEEE if you want to experience having your make up done by MAC makeup artists PLEASE do me a favor and go to Nordstroms or Neiman Marcus. going to MAcys for MAC was a nightmare!
3	Nice store, a very typical Macy's with good sales people to assist you.
5	I got my make up done at the MAC counter.  I had it done by Valin, sorry if I mispelled your name.  She was very communicative and very good.  I am very meticulous when it comes to my face and she was very good about it!  She said it would be flawless and it was!!!  Thanks again!!!
1	One day on the way to work, I noticed that my zipper on my pants was no longer functional....  a quick fix solution led me over to Macys at The Fashion show mall...    Its everything you expect from a typical Macy's.... However....  the guy working in the Mens Suits area either, really hated his job or was having a really bad day because good customer service does not include sarcastic un-witty remarks when asked a simple question about a bottle of water.  I tend to shop in more high end shops lately and have come to get used to complimentary bottles of water while shopping... I asked if I might have one of the bottles of water I saw next to the cash register cause, after all, it is a desert out there and I was trying to be water smart with my hydration....   the gentlemen proceeded to get really snooty with me and say "its a dollar fifty"  I said, really? (because I was unsure if he was joking... his snooty remark caught me off guard) and the sarcasm increased 10 fold.... "REALLY" complete with eye roll...    I am not saying he should have given me the water.... but, water without Sarcasm is always better..  Overall the store was any other Macys from what I saw... But I know I will not be returning the mens suits area anytime soon......
4	Macy LV I love you because you have MAC makeup :) and a great selection of watches.If I ever need to replenish my MAC makeup collection or pick up a watch to add to my collection... you'll be on my hit list!Note to yelpers: they don't size watches if you didn't purchase it at their store.
5	I would usually never write a review on a Macy's but I felt compelled to do so because this is far and away the best Macy's I have ever visited. Trust I have been to tons!The salespeople there were so friendly and helpful! They had an amazing selection. The shoe section was out of control busy but the salespeople were working their butts off to be helpful to people.I will go back here next time for sure!
4	All Macy's are not created equal, but if you are in Vegas, it's worth it to visit this one!! Also, go to the Visitor Center (downstairs next to MAC), and get a Visitor's pass for 10% off all month!! :-)
4	If you're a visitor, don't forget to stop by the visitors center (located first floor by the MAC counter) to get your 10% off shopping pass!!!While I didn't walk around this Macy's much, I did takea  quick look around the makeup area. I was pleasantly surprised to see that this Macy's carried several lines you won't necessarily find at all Macy's, such as Philosophy and Chanel.  Definitely a good stop to go to if you aren't interested in walking over to the large Sephora down the street.
2	On a quest for a dress to wear to Lisa L's wedding, Macy's was one of the options I figured would come through. They carry my favorite dress brand, BCBG, and I've had success dress shopping at Macy's back in Houston. This Macy's, however, was awful. The store was a mess and the layout was so bad! I was stressed out just walking among all the racks of ugly disheveled clothes. The "social dresses" section was a cross between a second hand prom dress store from the 90's and a drag queen outfitters. So.Many.Sequins. Yup, officially worst Macy's I've ever experienced. Not a place I will return to! Dillard's is a far better "mid priced" department store at Fashion Show.
1	Disorganized racks, unfashionable clothing, and incompetent/ill-trained employees who just don't give a damn. Not much difference from the other Macy's branches I've had the displeasure of visiting.I did see a cute Rachel Roy top, but that's far from enough to save this place.
3	I like Macy's and sad there isn't one in Canada so I make a point of visiting one when I go to the States.  I had a 10% visitor coupon, coupons for being a Macy's credit card holder, and they were also having their one day sale so I was excited to find great deals.  There is a lot of stock in this store including a floor dedicated to women's clothing, and half a floor for men's clothing but I still found it difficult to find something of good quality and price to buy.  When I went to pay, they didn't accept my Macy's credit card coupons or the 10% off since some of the items were already on sale.  I guess I should have read all the fine print but I didn't think the deals were really that cheap.  This was probably the most disappointing Macy's visit I've had.  Next time I'll check out the outlet stores instead.
4	I'm a fan of Macy's and I'm a fan of this Macy's in particular. They have an amazing shoe department, larger than most because it's on the strip and is fully stocked for high traffic and tourists. When I'm in the market for shoes, this is the place I come. They have a huge selection of clearance available on a regular basis, which I love. I don't usually come to this location for anything aside from shoes, accessories and jewelry, but their selection is pretty good for just about anything you're in the market for.
1	The bathroom needs to be clean.. I am very desappointed with Macys in Las Vegas. They need to take care of the bathroom. Every time I go to Macy's and I have to use the bathroom, I can not believe how  bad odder and how dirty  the bathroom looks. MANAGERS!!!! PLEASE HAVE YOUR PEOPLE TAKE CARE OF THE BATHROOM.
2	So, in my continuing saga to find a wedding dress.  I thought I will follow the advice I was given (the YS, still being very patient) and go over to Macy's.  We went in and they had very many white as well as many other dresses in stock and I found a few (no sales staff to be seen) and went into the dressing room by myself to try them on.  Well, the sizes weren't quite right so I got dressed and went back out and got some different sizes.  Well, in the meantime the room I was using was full and I had, had trouble zipping the zippers on the last dress so I selected a room that had some clothes in it (that normally happens so I didn't think too much about it) and asked the YS to come into the room to help zip me as I was getting no help from anyone else.  Well, as we shut the door, a staffer who apparently was originally from Russia, said with quite an accent ,no that room is reserved you can go over there and pointed to another side where there were more rooms and then said pointing to the YS you have to wait outside.So, I was steamed at that point and went in to try it on.  I didn't love it and even if I did I didn't want to give them my money so I hung it up and walked out.I won't be back.
5	I was so impressed by this young lady that I had to write a quick review -- if you're ever in the Impulse department and need any assistance whatsoever, Raven Smith is a phenomenal saleswoman and will absolutely exceed your expectations as it comes to making sure you leave happily and confidently with what you came for (and possibly more!).  She really was exceptional!
1	This place is an unorganized stye full of lazy unmotivated people. In my visit I overhead salespeople at the register in the INC area saying the won't ring up anyone, I saw "customers" painting their nails while sitting down in the store like they are in their living room. I had a backpack on as I'm a tourist and wanted to be comfy and have my water, etc and this lady in the women's dept was making herself way to visible and fake which resulted in us feeling like she thought we were shoplifters. WTF peoples purses these days are just as big as a damn backpack! The only redeeming area of this store is the shoe dept where the selection is great and the people actually seem to want to work.
4	To all the men: GO HERE FIRST IF YOU ARE PURSE SHOPPING WITH YOUR WOMAN.  Save yourself hours of walking- everything is right in one place!
3	***This Macy's (located in the Fashion Show Mall) is nice and they have a big selection; at first, I thought that this Vegas location was more expensive than other Macy's locations; however, after visiting a LA Macy's recently, maybe their prices are competitive; still, it might be more worthwhile to check out some of the smaller and harder-to-find shops in this very big mall***I am not sure what the parking situation is, but I imagine they have a structure that offers free parking.
4	Oh how I love Macy's ! And oh how my Macy's charge card loves me!Tons of clothes to try on. Zillions of racks of bargains & sales o plenty ! Cosmetic counters featuring Gift With Purchase ( how did iI forgot to go get mine ?? I guess all those racks of clothes ! ) I came to this location 3 or 4 times. I always left with a bag or two of clothing.Please Macy's ! Come to Canada . My Macy's card and I await !
1	I try to not leave one star reviews but really, this was awful today. Someone had vomited in the bathroom, another stall had overflowed and someone tried using toilet seat covers to mop it up. Trash and water everywhere. WhoTF pukes in a Macy's in the middle of the afternoon?Then outside in the store was a litany of disorganized racks, picked over shelves, and unhelpful, sad, sad salespeople. I usually like Macy's and feel it is a pretty good line if stores in terms if products and services but I felt completely overwhelmed by the disgusting bathrooms and the horrible sales staff. Henderson's is 10x better.
3	This Macy's has a much larger selection than your typical locations in the LA area. But because it's smack dab in the center of a tourist trap, it's also really busy. Granted, the associates are gonna be really busy, especially when there's language barriers with some of the tourists. But some associates, and even some red-badges (Macy's speak for managers) didn't even bother acknowledging some customers. One associate only asked me if I needed help after I had asked him where the INC section was at. It was still a pleasant experience though because 1) of the huge selection 2) it was a nice escape from the blistering heat and 3) one associate was genuinely nice and helpful.
4	really good experience of shopping anything you wanna try little better quality. They have huge variety of cloths shoes and any other goods they sell.
4	What can I say about Macy's? Probably one of the few department stores from my childhood  (Emporium Capwell's, Mervyn's, Montgomery Ward- all gone; there's still Sears, but the general style of clothing is a little outdated compared to Kohl's or even JCP) that I still like going to- why didn't I write up a review a lot sooner?! Had a birthday gift card burning a hole in my pocket, and wanted to get some makeup goodies at the MAC counter. And that is exactly what I did, yes, ladies, the Mac counter takes Macy's gift cards. Used a gift card here twice, in fact- had one earlier in the year (a very convenient location from work to home- closest one to home, actually). Not the biggest Macy's store here, Meadows might be a tad bigger, with 3 floors, but I prefer this one to the one at the Galleria in Henderson- my least favorite Macy's store (don't think that this one has a MAC counter either, because the MAC counter is in the Dillards across the way). The most frequented Macy's store for me is at the Boulevard Mall- love the jewelry counter's clearance racks. Getting back to this location, this one does have a nice cosmetics counter, shoe department, and a MAC counter. Supposed to be opening a Macy's Men Store sometime but I've seen the sign up forever. Macy's always has one day sales, and coupons (savings pass) in the newspaper or online. And Macy's always has styles that are current and relevant. I really like the Macy's stores in Oahu too, BTW.
5	They have a amazing shoe department, the customer service in the ladies section is amazing. 5 stars
5	My partner took me shopping for my birthday at the new Macy's Men store at the fashion show mall.  I love visiting new department stores because everything is so new and clean.  The cashier gave us a 15% discount for being locals.  That was very nice.
4	Great service! But pushy sales
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 66/100Macy's is currently under renovation to make way for a separate department division right across, entirely for men. Sections have been closed off to spread out whatever's left of women's lines so expect the second floor to be occupied with women's clothing as well (plus teenagers and children) This is always a must-stop around Memorial Day, post-Christmas, Thanksgiving and any important holiday really. Why? Clearance. Yes, 65% off original prices and 30% off already reduced prices. Tommy Hilfiger and Ralph Lauren price tags go down as low as $14 a shirt - not bad for high quality clothing. Clearance shoe racks are arranged according to size and prices range from $10-$80-ish (mind you, these are designer brands) Only downside is if you're a size 6 and find a great pair at size 9, chances are the store won't have stock for your size left. Still, I would trade designer brands any day (not like I'm really into them in the first place) for affordable prices and you can't go wrong with that.
4	A big location with plenty of inventory. On this trip we spent most of our time in the women's shoe section. I loved that if you wanted to try on a shoe, they just scanned the code & then someone came out with your size. However, it didn't seem to take any less time than if the floor associate had just gone and gotten them themselves. I've been to plenty of Macy's that have looked run down and in need of a facelift but this location looked great. There was 1 section that they were redoing, but other than that everything looked as if the store had just opened. A great experience all around.
5	Love love love the shoe department at this Macy's. Whenever I am in Vegas, I trynot to miss visiting the Fashion Show Mall if only to check out the shoes.  I usually walk out with at least 2 pairs. Good service too. This Macy's is better than many So.Cal Macy's I've been to.
5	I love shopping at Macy's especially the Macy's store at the fashion show mall it's really big and I am always able to find what I am looking for and the staff here is really friendly always going out of there way to help you find what you are looking for and answering other questions and the customer service is great and the store is always clean which is a plus.
3	grwat selection of goods! clothing,jewelry,sunglasses...things normally not available at Macys,but the store is run by some of the biggest jerks!maybe thats management in general. woukld hurt to crack a smile or be curteous for one second, would it?
3	I wish I could remember the name of the girl who helped me in the women's department...ugh. Anyhow, customer service was terrific and selection was nice too. Their dressing rooms could use a little TLC though.
4	Well, I had flown into Vegas and unpacked my luggage only to find I forgot to pack my unmentionables. Not good! Luckily this Macy's was only a mile from my hotel. Now, I normally buy my chonies at Kohl's so I was faced with a bit of sticker shock. The gal at the desk though was super kind and got me an on the spot 10% discount since I was from out of town. Score! Not a regular Macy's shopper, but if I ever get stuck in Vegas without my drawers again, Macy's is the place!
3	Really tired of the lackluster service at Macy's. Checking out is usually a disaster (no one at registers). Then they ask you to open a Macys card. Enough already!I had decent service this visit and the cashier gave me a tip when asking if I was going to wear the dress with the shirt I bought. I didn't even think of that! The selection is OK, but this store was remodeled and all the sections were moved around.I sometimes find a better size selection here than at my usual Macys at Galleria. Prices are good, especially when there's a sale and coupons to use.
5	I have to do it. I just have to. THIS MACY'S GETS a 5-STAR RATING FROM ME. Now, hear me when I say that I am a shopper. I love to shop and it is one of my favorite past times and shopping runs in my blood. As such I have been to many many many Macy's and usually try to go to at least one or two if I'm out of town. I've been to the flagship store on 34th street (I'll do a review on that one at a later date) and this one in my opinion comes in second on my list of best Macy's. You get an automatic discount if you're from out of town, 10% off (winning, this plus the great sales and deals and coupons....woot woot!) Now. Lets have a moment of silence before I begin to describe the shoe department. Picture an area full of the latest gorgeous shoes as far as the eye can see. Then mulitply it by 20. That's the shoe section. I mean I have only seen this many shoes at the store on 34th. Shoes, shoes, shoes. SHOES!!!!!!!!!! I was in shoe paradise. Then upstairs in the FLUFFY GAL section the selection was out of this world. I mean so many brands that are typically only available online in my size were in the store for me to touch, smell, try on and prance around in. It was amazing. So much so that we came back AGAIN. Gosh I love this Macy's. If you are in Vegas it is a MUST visit.
3	Macy's is a huge store and can be quite hard to find your way around. Keep looking at the floor charts to keep your bearings.There are around 2 floors of men's clothing and I managed to find some good stuff there. DKNY, Levi's, American Rag to name a few. If you're out there for some clothes shopping then you have to visit Macy's at least once and see if you can find any bargains. You quite often find items at 10%-50% off!If you're on holiday there then make sure you go to the visitor center which is on floor 1 1/2 and get an 10% off card for all out of state visitors. You may have to take your driving license or passport to prove you're a visitor to Las Vegas.This gives you 10% off most items although there are some exceptions which it states on the card.
4	Not all Macy's are created equal.  This is the best in Vegas.  Beware.  They acquired another store across the walkway so they have completely separated men's and womens clothing.If you are a plus size woman this store has the largest selection and if you are a clearance rack ho... you won't be disappointed.  Great shoe selection too!  (The only larger plus-size section I know of is Union Square in San Francisco)I can be a real bargain shopper so I love the clearance rack/coupon combinations that are almost always available if you have a macy's card.  I think if you are out of town you automatically get a 10% discount but don't know if they still do that.
4	I love coming here for my perfumes, sunglasses, and clothes. They have an amazing selection of things. The last time I was there, the people were helpful. I would check this place out. But with clothes, if your picky like I am, stick to stores you know you like.
2	Macy's Womens Shoes, What can I say......I go there with my Mom shopping.  We were bombarded by sales people one after the other saying "can I help you find something".  (Even after we had been helped)How annoying.We Find the shoe we like and the sales rep goes to look for it in the back.  The wait for the show was almost 30 min.  By the time the rep returned we just wanted to leave. (And almost did)  The shoe didn't fit and after the wait we had, we decided to get on with our lives and NOT waster another 1/2 hour or more waiting to find the next pair.Can you say E-F-F-I-C-I-E-N-C-YPLEASE do better next time.
1	The first thing that we saw upon walking to the women's shoe section was an ant hill of shoes strewn in the clearance section! We walked past the male employees who were too busy chatting up a storm amongst themselves while the women were doing go-backs. I never saw this at the Boulevard Mall location, despite some labeling it as the poor sister. We left because it was not worth it to complain. Besides, the display shoes looked cheap and were expensive.
5	Went to tgis Macy's with my friend to look for some shoes. It was the busiest shoe store and it was a mess lol but salespersons were very helpfull. Everyone there was nice and polite BUT Samuel! He was amazing, I didnt have to ask him for a size when he already knew I need a size and asked me first. It just took a look for him to know I needed help. Samuel made my shoe shopping so much easier and fun. I will definitely come back to this Macy's. Great customer service! WAY TO GO SAMUEL and THANK YOU SAMUEL.
2	We went to Macy's store in Vegas for shopping. It was so quite during weekday afternoon.  Only had few customers on the floor and no staff except at the register!We have gone through the store and picked up 1 item, however, no one able to help us for finding price tag! Casher was busy and we waited over  1/2 hour for help!Eventually, I left the dress and gone!  Macy's customer service even worse than our Hudson Bay in Canada!  Can't believe it happened in Vegas's department store.
1	I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, and received a call from Visa card services about a suspicious transaction in progress occurring on my card for $1400 at Macy's in Las Vegas. The agent was unable to stop it on time, but my Credit Union reimbursed the account without any hassle. Curious about the details, I learned that it happened at the store on Las Vegas blvd, and I contacted the Manager. I questioned the Manager about the purchase, and learned that it was an "in store" purchase". When questioned if the clerks check identification for such a purchase amount, she replied "it depends on the situation". I will never do business with Macy's.
4	So annoyed. Just drove 20 mins to get here...and the info listed is wrong. They don't open until 10am. Now gotta wait an hour.
5	I needed these 4 special Mavado watches for a special event the same day and Gloria (woman's department) and Leslie (men's department) were more than happy to assist and really helped this shopping trip great! They were very helpful and overall very wonder customer service oriented fun employees- especially GLORIA!! Gloria really took the time to help me and even filled out warranty cards for each of the watches I purchased. Absolutely love Gloria! Thank you so much! I will definitely be back!! :)
1	Service was good.   Store is run down.   Carpets were dirty and coming apart.  Tile floors were filthy.   Place has almost become an overpriced Wal Mart.    Not impressed.   Truly disappointed
1	I agree that "not all Macys are created equal" because some are nicer than others with clean floors and attentive staff. That said, the Macys in Minnesota are good, but the ones in Las Vegas are not in the least. The phone customer service is horrible and I was sent defective merchandise twice in the mail. Macys, overall, has been going downhill for some time and I am no longer a customer after 30 years.  Nordstroms and Amazon have my business now.
1	The worst customer service I've ever had. I will never buy another item in any location ever again because of the manager and her staff. I asked for a small bag and was rudely told "you need to buy something in order for us to give you a bag." I guess the $1500 coat I was about to buy but threw back down wasn't enough for them.
5	We love LOVE that there are two Macy's in this mall.  One for men, one for women!  Awesome!  We found some great gifts for my dad for birthday and Christmas, and then we proceeded to the women's Macy's and bought an anniversary band to celebrate our 4th wedding anniversary!  YAY!  The salesman in the fine jewelry department Antonio, was wonderful, and gave us so much special attention, it really helped in the process.  My husband had to open a Macy's credit account, and Antonio helped us with that, and filled out all the info that was needed, in a quick manner.  I left with my ring!  I'm one happy camper!  Thank you Antonio and Macy's!
