5	This is definitely one of the places you should visit while in Las Vegas. The staff are extremely nice and helpful. The decor is awesome. See if you can sink a hole-in-one at the. 18th hole! Such a cool and rockin' atmosphere!
5	$10 for an hour of fun. Don't forget your flask!
4	So excited to hear this open up recently.  A friend of mine was visiting for the weekend and we went straight from the airport to here.  The staff was awesome.  This sits across from Hard Rock on Paradise and the signage was really cool.  Once entering look down at your clothes if you are wearing white you will glow.  Cool.  The place had a gift shop (only complaint no guitar pics - bummer), a party room, wedding chappel, food and beverages, arcade and the golf of course.  We had golfed at King Tut minature golf in Henderson and yes it was fun but it was a place I know I would not go back to but with Monster Mini Golf I would come back.  The only complaint I have is that it was way too hot in there - they need to fix their a/c but you know what they just opened up and I know they will fix all of the bugs.  If you love rock or you don't - you have to come here!  We LOVED it!  :)
4	This place just opened up in town. As a lover of both KISS music and miniature golf, you better believe I didn't waste any time checking it out. The first thing you will notice when you walk in this place is the environment and KISS decor that is everywhere. They have a gift shop, arcade games, cafe, and tons of props and memorabilia on the walls. It is blacklit, and they really went the extra mile to make it a tribute to our favorite 70s shock rockers. KISS music is, naturally, blaring out the speakers non-stop, and it was a welcome relief to hear some great tunes you don't hear too often. I didn't deal with many employees during my actual visit, however the few that I did deal with were very friendly, and you can tell everyone here shares a love of KISS. It's a nice, laid-back environment. Adults will love the place because of the painstaking details this place has done to pay tribute to one of the hottest bands in the band. Kids will love it for the wild decor and crazy characters on the course. It's also great to have an attraction like this in Vegas that doesn't exclusively cater to the 21+ crowd. Kids need something to do in this town, too, and it is great that a place like this exists for that purpose! As for the course itself, apart from the KISS props, it is a fairly basic miniature golf course. If you're a mini golf fan, you'll have fun playing, though there aren't real "curve balls" or surprises thrown your way. But it's still a ton of fun! I only have a few minor complaints about the place:1) There is ONLY ONE COURSE. Many of the mini golf places I have been to have two courses, which helps to mix things up and keep it fresh, which often adds to the replay/revisit value. The one course they have, however, is top-notch, it just would have been nice to have multiples. Of course, given the size of the suite that hosts the business, I don't really suppose there is any way they could have fit another one.2) Bad location. It's clear this location was chosen due to its proximity from the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, which is right across the street. This is not a "nice" end of town, and it is extremely difficult to get to the center that hosts the business due to packed-tight traffic lanes and one-way streets. I loathe this area with a passion, and I wish they had chosen a better location. Still, I'm glad it's here and not on the actual Las Vegas Strip, which is far more congested and painful to navigate. 3) Too warm inside! Granted, they may have had some sort of air conditioning failure/problems going on, so I can't really elaborate on this. In this town, though, particularly in the summer time, you NEED to have air conditioning. Vegas summers are killer. UPDATE - a manager from the facility messaged me and told me they have installed an additional AC unit, so that's a plus right there. My complaints, though, are minimal, and should not stop you from checking the place out.
5	Fun, cool, and affordable.
5	Just went with my dad and sister.   Lots of fun and looks great!  Very friendly, helpful, staff!  And of course rocking music!  And best of all I won!
5	As a longtime lover of KISS I was totally thrilled when this opened.  My husband and I went yesterday and I was thrilled with the entire experience!!  Every member of the staff was awesome with great smiles and great attitude.  The gift shop was stocked with various merchandise to suit every price point.  The music of course was the best with song that rarely get play time on the radio.  The mini golf course was filled with awesome graphics and helpful staff.  During out time there several contest were held.  The restrooms were very clean.  I would recommend this for the entire family and non KISS fans!!
4	A fun little place. Something different to do in Vegas away from the drinking and gambling. The course wasn't that challenging, but the ambiance is pretty fun. The whole place is lit in black lights and all of the artwork throughout the building is black light friendly. Basically everything glows, including your ball and the cup. They incorporated a stage and some animatronic KISS figures that move and rock out to KISS music. Kind of like a Chuck E Cheese for adults that like to rock. For $10 it is a neat place to check out.
4	Cheap thrills! $12 (or $10 if you have a local ID) 18 holes of glow in the dark fun.  Located conveniently across the street from either the Hofbrau Haus or the Hard Rock, you can get your drink on, then head over for some mini golf.  Or, just golf.  This place is kid-friendly, but I think they sell some beers.  The golf is pretty fun to play, with some interesting and challenging holes; but I thought that the artwork all over the walls stole the show.  If golf isn't your thing, you can play arcade games, explore the gift shop, or make yourself some delicious "warm, dry, and non-sticky" cotton candy from the machine.  And if you meet that special someone on the links... there's a KISS wedding chapel right inside!Good for groups (they say up to 10 per half hour); you can even reserve a tee time and pay online!
3	This place is pretty cool...if you're looking to get away from the craziness of the strip to do something different.  This place is both kid and adult friendly.  Besides mini golf there is an arcade where you can earn tickets for prizes.Located in a strip mall across the street from the Hard Rock Casino is where you'll find this place.  It might be because it's new but the staff is extremely friendly (and helpful).  I found a $2.00 off admission coupon in one of the Las Vegas guides so we used that.  The course itself isn't too difficult or too easy, it's pretty moderate.  The KISS theme is pretty cool if you've been to an indoor mini golf place before or not...and playing inside is KISS music so that's pretty neat too.Make sure to stop in the gift shop too for your KISS fan self...or friend :)
5	This is cool concept to miniature golf!  It may not have little windmills or castles but they have life sized Kiss figures rocking out on stage! I've never been a big fan of Kiss but I liked the idea and decor. I had to get a picture by the Gene Simmons head that was my goal! I used to be scared of them when I was younger now I'm intrigued by their make up!I had to keep reminding myself not to swing above my knees (house rules).  Golf isn't really my game because you need patience and some knowledge in geometry.  I've never been proficient in math so I'm used to just hitting the ball hard. I did pretty good with soft controlled strokes!I would suggest getting a cold drink before you start because it was kind of hot in there. Once you start it's kind of a maze to go to the snack bar plus you might hold up the game.
4	Locals get two bucks off :) A fun experience but overall a relatively easy course! I'm usually pretty terrible at mini-golf and I shot a one under par for the course, including three straight hole-in-ones. Several holes were "gimmes". Meaning it was almost hard not to get a hole in one.Fun spot, cool atmosphere, good music and nice staff.
5	I took my gf and her kid here for mothers day and it was a BLAST!Its a Black light infused INDOOR mini golf experience you cant miss.To top it off they only jam to KISS and they have DJ Dave walking around asking you random trivia questions and handing out tickets to redeem for kiss merchandise. I did better at the Trivia than the golf as the GF beat me by a solid 15 strokes and her daughter beat me by 10 but hey it was mothers day and I wasnt going to be the SOB that beat her on Mothers day. If you are a fan of KISS, Mini Golf or trivia you will love the $10 a round. It was mentioned to me that locals dont come here to often and I suggested they do some local specials and advertisements to get us down there. Let them know you read my review on YELP and suggest they even have a YELP night special to get us all down there.
5	This place was fantastic! Especially if you're a KISS Fan!  The place was super fun and the people who work there are awesome! DJ Dave was great and helped us have a great time! We sucked at the miniature golf, but we had a awesome time trying!  We will go back every time we are in Vegas!
4	Diane and I took advantage of a 2 for 1 deal to play miniature golf at the KISS indoor course during Yelp Spring Break, and had much fun on the short but challenging glow in the dark, 18-hole course.  KISS music played throughout and KISS figures were stationed all over the course.  The toughest hole was the 18th, where I learned it was better to accept extra strokes to move in for a straight shot up Gene Simmons' red metal tongue, because trying to get the ball into this hole at an angle simply will not work.At the end of our play, for narrowly losing to me my wife was given a free pass for another 18 holes whenever she wants to come back.  It was cool inside on a very hot day.  The staff was very friendly.  The only problem we encountered is that the restrooms stank and a urinal was marked "out of order."Keeping with Mr. Simmons' philosophy of licensing as many products as one can contemplate, much merchandise was available for sale.  I bought an orange KISS golf ball and a KISS refrigerator magnet after I mistook a KISS Kondom for KISS chocolate.  The condom was quickly restored to its bin, and once I found true KISS chocolate I didn't buy any, for it was being retailed for $2.50 a piece.  That's too much for what appears to be an unremarkable small piece of chocolate, albeit in a fancy wrapper.A solid 4-1/2 stars overall!
5	This place freakin' ROCKS, whether or not you're into Kiss. The staff is some of the friendliest I have ever dealt with. The course looks short, but we had a party of four and it took us over an hour to complete (which is not bad at all).At first I had my skepticisms because I thought it would be a touristy spot, meaning I had to deal with long lines, unfriendly staff and so on. Not quite! Although it was pretty packed, the staff did a great job of moving people around. If there happens to be a wait, there's plenty to do, such as playing some of the arcade games or visiting the gift shop. There's a rock and roll memorabilia section on the left side, and it just makes you appreciate the history of rock. Back in the days there was no rap, house music; it was all rock and roll man. Pretty cool to see how much of an impact these guys made in the world. They also have a cool fish tank made of speakers that was built by the guys on Tanked, the show on Animal Planet.The course has everything you expect in a Kiss mini-golf; guitars, volcanoes, rock n' roll figurines and more. The course is complied of holes that are easy and hard. The last hole is the best; You shoot the ball up the tongue and into the open mouth of one of the Kiss members. It is definitely one of the best mini-golf courses I've been to.
4	I thought it was fun. Some of the figurines didn't work which is why I wouldn't give 5 stars. Too bad they didn't serve alcohol, there are places where you can make a day of it. We did have alot of fun with our friends. Tip: don't start without everyone there, it can suck. I met a nice employee who kept my soda filled and gave me one of their cookies. The cookie was soft but not worth $3-4. I would go back as a date night or something similar.
5	This place is crazy town banana pants.Imagine yourself in the dorm-room of an ultimate KISS fan.  Now blow that up in size and throw in a mini-golf course.  Welcome to KISS mini-golf!Giant KISS boots, robot-KISS concerts, and Gene Simmons as the 18th hole.... What more can you want?I especially loved all the Vegas-KISS themed artwork on the walls.  The mini-golf may not be the most challenging and can even get a little repetitive, but you'll be too busy goofing off with the props to notice.There is an arcade that is very small and very overpriced- I'd recommend skipping it.  They also offer party and wedding packages and have a small gift shop.  In the lobby there is tons of KISS memorabilia to check out.  They don't sell alcohol yet, but they are going to soon.Super friendly employees and I got some arcade tickets for getting a hole-in-one!  Rock on!!********Quick Update:My husband had a birthday party here recently and it was great. They have a large "VIP" room with comfy seats, a huge TV, a private bathroom, and tables and buckets with ice for your food and drinks.  You are allowed to bring your own alcohol and you are even allowed to bring your booze out with you on the course!We had about 20 people and there was plenty of room.  They came in to check on us periodically to see if we needed anything and it never felt like they were babysitting us.Call and ask for Amanda if you are interested in pricing and available dates/times.  I dealt with her several times over the phone and at our party and she was great- very friendly and helpful.
4	This place is great for a date. They were giving us tickets throughout our game for hole in ones. Rob was especially nice to us. He was great and is the reason we decided to review. Thank you!The reason I put 4 stars was the card system for arcade games. The card wouldn't swipe or took the money without credit for the game. The service was still exceptionally great despite this. They put the money back on our card without any problems :) Great experience. Highly recommended!
5	It's nice to see something like this on the strip area. I hope they open more like this in the las vegas valley
5	This place is pretty AMAZING! I came in for my birthday and I got in for FREE!!! They also offer a locals discount which is $9.95 instead of the regular $11.95. There are 18 holes and the place is glow in the dark so everything that could glow in the dark, glows. It was so much fun! The staff was friendly and pretty entertaining. They do shout outs for you on the radio if it's your birthday which is a little embarrassing but it was fine because I wanted to have fun on my birthday and this place definitely helped me to do just that. It also helps to bring out the kid in you. They give you free tickets for your birthday and make  you do something kinda dorky to try to get the ball in the hole. For example, the guy had my boyfriend shoot the ball like he was shooting pool and had me putt backwards. Then we got tickets for that too :p My boyfriend and I had a blast with each and we loved it. We walked out of there with a smile on our faces and I would definitely go back. Plus, I got a free admissions ticket for losing to my boyfriend (which we weren't really keeping score), but who cares, FREE is FREE! On the ticket it says I needed more practice, which I probably do so I found it amusing.
4	Cute, fun place.  Friendly staff.  They have a VIP room for parties with huge bean bags, cool chairs and a huge TV.  The only thing that was weird is that they also store some junk in the back of the VIP room and it is the access to empty out the golf balls on the last hole.  The lighting was the coolest part of the this place.  Black lights everywhere and nifty lasers that I couldn't resist playing with.  The last hole was interesting.  If you hit it the right way, steam comes out of Gene Simmons mouth.  Not sure how it works but two out of six people I golfed with got it.  No alcohol yet but if you have a party here you can BYOB.
4	Fun! Fun, fun!  Not the hardest mini golf course ever but if you or someone you know is a Kiss fan I'd say a must do in Vegas. Kiss music blaring as you play & when else could you get a hole in one by hitting the ball up Gene's tongue! Huge gift shop and we found the prices to be reasonable.  Also lots of Kiss memorabilia on display.
5	Great experience.  Fun.  Good music. Friendly staff.  Cant wait to go back next time we're in Vegas.  Even gave us a free play for next time.  The graphics and decor is great.   Only thing disappointing was the fish tank.  We watch tanked all the time and were excited to see the tank they built for them but the fish Don't even seem like the ones they hand picked for them and the lights weren't on...
4	KISS + Mini Golf = Good times.Let's get real, there aren't very many places to mini golf in Vegas. Why? I have no idea. Basically all you have are two options - King Putt or the "putting range" as I like to refer to it that really isn't all that fun because there's no cool props, etc. Then comes KISS Mini Golf. Vegas has been in serious need of a cool place since Scandia went down the drain. What happened to Scandia?! That place was cool. KISS Mini Golf doesn't come close to Scandia, but hey, at least it's SOMETHING.First off you are greeted by black lights, loud music, and KISS memorabilia all over the place. In order to get to the actual mini golf part, you make your way through arcade games. The Vegas themed black-light artwork on the walls is awesome and great for pictures - especially since the staff encourages you to take pics. As for the holes - they're okay. There are some that are a bit tricky, but not too bad. If you have kids this is a pretty cool course for them to swing away at. But it's good for adults too. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. They ask where you're from and they seem to really enjoy it if you say you're a local. Plus - you get a discount! I'd go back for sure when the urge for the putt putt hits me.
5	This is absolutely a hidden gem! From the outside it doesn't seem like much and most people will drive by it's Harmon and Paradise location without taking any notice.  However, they have no idea what fantastic fun they just missed or have been missing.  My first impression when I stepped inside the giant golf ball entrance was "wow, this is not what I expected". The inside is completely decorated with KISS memorabilia, neon lights, glow in the dark course and arcades, along with prizes galore.  It has such a "rocking" theme to it. I wouldn't call myself a fan of KISS but this place blew me away.  On top of the cool theme, the price is super reasonable, staff was down to earth and friendly.  If anyone is ever looking for a rocking theme wedding, I would highly recommend doing it here.  Our friends renewed their vows here dressed up as KISS characters, The Demon, with full on face paint inside the "Hotter than Hell" wedding chapel, hosted by the awesome Sinister Minister giving everyone a "Hell Yeah!" This was the highlight of the night.We had a huge group of friends with us, everyone had a blast, and is looking forward to coming again.
5	I love this place! Fun friendly staff. Came here last week for the renewal of vows and the minister was hilarious!! Its so cheap to golf an 18 hole course for only $10. On top of that the entire place is lit up in black light so make sure you wear your clean clothes! I haven't gone miniature golfing since they closed scandia here in Vegas. Its refreshing to be able to come to an indoor miniature golf and have it be catered to both kids and adults. The place also has an arcade with games and prizes to redeem with your tickets. Fun place. Recommended.The decor is absolutely amazing! a must check out if you're a fan of KISS! they have a store inside also selling shirts and souvenirs. There are also snack food there with fun slush drinks. I absolutely love the fact that this is indoors!!!! This place is fun!
4	Honestly, KISS by Monster Mini Golf is pretty damn cheesy.. That doesn't mean it's not a fun way to spend an hour or two!! And you definitely do NOT need to be a member of the KISS fanclub to have a good time here! I wouldn't call myself a fan, the KISS memorbelia didn't do anything for me, but I still enjoyed myself. This is an indoor course, all lit up with blacklights. It shouldn't come as any surprise that there is loud KISS music playing, one of the employees was even on the course jamming out with a plastic guitar to a few of the songs. The employees were really great, everyone was helpful and the guitarist REALLY seemed like he enjoyed his job. None of the obstacles are too difficult... The holes are just tough enough to make for a fun time. I personally thought the KISS mannequins that were 'performing' were pretty lame, but the cool artwork painted on the walls made up for it. I think I would have liked the mannequins better if my request to go onstage with them for photos was not denied due to insurance reasons, haha. :(If golf isn't your thing, there is an arcade with various games you can play for tickets you can then save and trade for KISS gear. We didn't play any games when we were there, but still walked out with a bunch of tickets because the cool employees working hooked us up. Locals, make sure you get the discounted rates ($2 off with a local id, one id can be used for up to 4 people)!!
4	Cool spot to take the kids. Interactive DJ and music sets the mood to rock out and golf. Everthing glows and cool KISS props everywhere. The staff is very friendly and the location is very clean. Check it out and have fun!
4	Was taken here on a date. He gave me flowers and girl at counter nicely held on to them for me while we played. Course was harder than it looked and was silly fun. Throughout the experience they did contests for certain colors of balls recieved prizes (very very cheesy but good concept) and a hole in one garnered me tickets for prizes. After golf we played skeetball- machine didnt work well, but experience was cool. I reccomend this place, super fun, especially for a date!   ALSO... LOCALS get a discount! YAY!
4	First off I should qualify this with I am a life long KISS Army member! I love these guys. So the review will be slightly biased. It rocks! It is a cool setup and the course is pretty simple and it would be cool if they added some water holes or features to it. The overall feel is pretty cool and very disco. All black lighting and big over sized KISS stuff. The final hole is the best shooting up Genes Tongue for the final shot. Its either a hold in one or a 4-7 stoke nightmare! The place is setup like an arcade and is pumping KISS Music all the time which is cool. The golf was cool but the paraphernalia and gift shop is perhaps even cooler. It would be perfect if they put in a small bar and you could just sit back chill watch gold and drink while listening to the all KISS all the time radio show. Cost was reasonable and its didn't feel like a stupid tourist spot at all. Was better than I thought it would be for sure.I will be back!
4	This place is super cute! If you are a KISS fan you will love it here! the course is a tad cheesy and is super flat and after the 7th or 8th hole I was over it, but it is really a fun experience! Check out the gift shop!If you can find a 2 for 1 deal like we did, even better! But at 11.95 a pop per round, its pretty reasonable!
3	Fun. & u can byob. Gota do it once.. They could of made it alittle beter as for the min golf part. The obstacles where kinda lame. A bunch of boxes you put the ball under. nothing to great tho it was a good nite out..
5	on a recent trip to vegas, this was a huge highlight. if you're not a kiss fan, i don't know if you'd think it was as awesome as i did. but kiss fans...it's like a mini kiss museum AND you get to play mini golf under the black light amongst some hilarious and awesome giant kiss displays. the course isn't challenging, but the golf is the least exciting part of this experience. two of our scores happened to match the predetermined "score of the day" so we got free golf balls to take home. the girl at the checkout gave me 2 free kiss tattoos for having my kiss army membership card. she said no one had ever asked before if it was good for anything--glad i did! and then my cousin left his expensive camera sitting on the lips couch, and a classy kiss army member turned it in sometime that day, and they had it for us when we went back. i loved it, and i'll go back the next time i'm in vegas. if you're not local, look for coupons in your hotel room or at the front desk for a few dollars off. oh, when you're finished golfing you get a BOGO to come back again too.
5	This place is so much fun! Indoor glow in the dark mini golf with a Kiss theme, yes please. My aunt had just been to Vegas and got a Bite Card so she gave it to me since I went two weeks later and one of the offers was 2 for 1 to Kiss mini golf. My friend and I weren't ready to drive home yet but we were over gambling so we decided to go. This place is kind of hard to find, its in a strip mall at paradise and harmon across from The Hard Rock. The entire staff really tries to make sure you are having fun just like they are. Some of the holes get kind of tricky but I did get 3 hole in ones. If you're in Vegas and trying to do something different this is defiantly it.
5	We decided to take our 3yr old out for some mini golf one night.What a fun time we all had. Between all the awesome memorabilia and the great black light friendly course it was a great night out with the family.They gave us some passes for future use & we will make sure to come back soon.
5	As far as I'm concerned, this is the best thing about Vegas.  It's off the strip but worth the trip.  You go to this place and, while KISS songs blast from the sound system, you play KISS effing mini golf.  They even take song requests!  What more could you possibly want?  How about a collection of awesome KISS memorabilia?  How about some snacks?  How about some souvenir KISS stuff like t-shirts, magnets or A GENE SIMMONS AXE BASS?  Maybe you'd like to dress like Mr. Simmons and get married while you're there?  You can!  (My wife said we can renew our vows there after ten years of marriage.  Two down, eight to go!)See?  I told you this is the best thing about Vegas.
4	Kiss Mini Golf makes me want to rock & roll all night. It is a miniature golf course that is a roll & roll experience featuring a Kiss soundtrack.  Kiss Mini Golf features 18 backlit holes in an indoor Kiss wonderland. Kiss members and instruments are represented in the various holes. Midway through the course there are Kiss audio-autotronic figures mimicking a live concert.   The challenge level depends on how sober you are. If you are sober you will most likely find the challenge level average and entertaining. If you had a couple of beers across the street at the Hofbrauhaus or nextstore at Firkins on Paradise, the holes get just a bit more challenging.   The deal is that Kiss Mini Golf is in party central. It is in the shadow of Hard Rock Hotel and several bars. After a few drinks at the Hofbrauhaus and Firkins on Paradise, we went to Kiss Mini Golf to have a fun time. In all honesty I was having a good time and stopped keeping score.  Kiss Mini Golf is a rock & roll experience with a couple of sour notes. On account of size constraints there is one course. This can impact the rate of return play. Benches are nonexistent. This causes a sense of rushing when it is crowded. It only took us 32 minutes to complete.the.course.  Kiss Mini Golf is more than 18 holes. It is a Kiss museum. Near what is currently a snackbar and will most likely be a bar is Kiss memorbelia. With Kiss blasting, this got me in the mood for their music. It is a wedding chapel. It is an arcade featuring air hockey. And it is a gift shop selling what else? Kiss merchandise.  Kudos to Kiss. Vegas needs a decent miniature golf course. Kiss has planted the seeds for a miniature golf renaissance by making it cool again. And they give generous discounts to Nevada residents.  Kiss Miniature Golf is an experience that may make you want to continue to rock & roll all night. Coincidentally the Hard Rock Hotel is across the street.
2	Sorry, all you KMMG lovers, I'm not a fan of this venue.  The only cool thing in the place was all the rad KISS memorabilia. (My 2 stars were given for the memorabilia, otherwise it would be NO stars.)Four different employees with their noses up in the air walked by us several times without giving us the time of day, one of which appeared to be a supervisor of some sort. Not a hello, not a welcome, nothing. The only guy that spoke to us was the guy that told us the rules before we went through the course. The "ball girl" got a shitty look on her face when we asked for a different color ball. As far as I'm concerned, she should be handling my balls with a smile.
5	my wife and i utterly loved this place. it was awesome from the moment we walked in the door until the moment we left. the people are so sweet and nice. we went during the day so we took our time and were able to take lots of awesome pics. even when we both missed on the 18th hole and wanted to see what happens when you make the shot in genes mouth one of the employees threw a ball in the mouth to show us. so awesome.we were also show a couple more places to hit up while we were there like the outside driving range which had 2 decks-which was awesome as well-review will be coming soon.my wife and i agree this is a must see and do in vegas. quite possible the top thing to do.
5	They call me happy Gilmore and not because my mad skills at minigolfbut because I quote every line from the movie. And at this place I didit with a lot of rock and roll, beer and neon colors.This joint location is kinda trippy and unusual for a minigolf place,but at the same time it feels that it belongs there. The decoration isvery well done and you get to see lots of Kiss memorabilia that youcan also purchase!. This guys put work on all the aspects of it. Thereis also a full size arcade right next to the minigolf area with lotsof fun games. It is a rock 80's and 90's babies paradise.The minigolf area is very cool. Lots of kiss stuff like the big shoesas obstacles, a guitar you need to clear to reach a hole, and at thevery end Jim Simmons head with its mouth wide open waiting for yourball to go in...wait..that didn't sound right... but you know what Imeant.One of my FAVORITE things about my experience was the crew. They wereawesome! There was an old fella that was guiding and talking to uswhile at the course and he was a die hard fan and also the DJ! Youwere able to request any song (kiss ones) and he would play it for youmaking the experience pretty customizable . The crew also gave us agreat advice : You can bring your own alcohol inside!! Woot woot! Thistook the minigolf experience to the next level. We went to the liquorstore bought an arsenal of beers and putt away! This way you save alot of money and get the drinks you like. This part alone would vebeen enough to make our night.If you are a huge kiss fan stop by and hit some balls, if you loverock n roll do it too! T
4	I'm only taking one star off because of a couple of things....it was pretty hot along the course, the amount of fog from the fog machines was annoying and almost choking and the sad looking animontronics. Other than that the gift shop was cool and full of cool memorabilia, the course had some cool items to golf around. The staff was great, which is rare in Vegas it seems even though its a service based city. Where a KISS shirt and you are treated like royalty! Our group of four had a blast, perfect way to kick off the day and shake off the hangover.
4	This place is like a mix of Kiss, Jr. High, a dive bar and bad hallucinogenics all stirred into one small little place. Let me just put it out there, I am not a crazy die hard Kiss fan but after spending an hour or so in this place playing mini golf you realize just how many hits Kiss really did have. As you play your round of kiss mini golf you are listening to Kiss being blared over the stereo system which you will find yourself tapping your foot too and if you hit the liquor store next door you may find yourself playing air guitar with your putter, either way you will have a good time. I have one very small and not really substantial complaint. The size of this place is small. they really attempted to use every inch of space they have in the building for the course but when you are waiting like had been for much of the night you have to walk on the railing to avoid getting into someones way. Other than that I really have no complaints. If you are a die hard Kiss fan you may also really enjoy getting hitched in the kiss chapel, from what I can see they have a gene Simmons impersonator that will marry you. This place also includes some pretty crazy kiss memorabilia littered around the joint. Now for my Kiss themed Interpretation of this review.We went in and I approached the front desk and talked to "Beth" she said go ahead and play like You have "Nothin To Lose" but first you "Got to Choose" your ball. She then mentioned I'm sorry sir I know that its "Hotter Than Hell" in here but i did turn the music up because "I love It Loud"  that helps people's game in "Strange Ways" so I told her, " Let Me Go And Rock And Roll" and looked over at my wife "And She Kissed Me" so we played and my score was " Rock Bottom" and but I guess that is what happens when you hang with a " Hard Luck Woman" she just happened to have that " Magic Touch" the place will definitely "Keep Me Comin".If you are utterly confused right now I understand, But if you understand you will surely appreciate it because you are probably a Kiss fan.
5	We stayed for nearly a week at the HRH across the street and have to admit we really only came here to see the aquarium that ATM built. However we had time to kill so we grabbed some putters and played a round. First off this place is a KISS fan's wet dream come true: a ton of memorabilia, a gift shop, and some amazing party rooms. The decor uses the best combination of neon paint and blacklights I have ever seen. You get 18 holes of golf for a great price compared to other places who usually only have 9 hole courses. The staff is super friendly, almost too friendly, and the course itself is filled with great twists and turns. The lasers and light projectors help keep you trapped in the rock and roll experience but they can be a bit distracting at times. We were lucky enough to have come early so we nearly had the place to ourselves, but I can see how this place could easily get packed at the right time of the day or if the right party crowd came in.
2	Good place to see a lot of KISS memorabilia and hear some good music, but for us, that was about it.  Mini golf was lame (but I did beat my golfer boyfriend by one stroke), there is a small arcade area (which we aren't interested in), and a wedding chapel if that's your thing. The staff were great though!  Very fun and attentive.  We are glad we went and suggested to our friends to go at least once,. but we probably won't go back.
4	OK, go here!  This place is just plain fun, trust me.  And locals get a 2 dollar discount.  Take a gander at their pretty cool fish tank while you're there.
4	I've been meaning to try this place since they opened. This town is seriously lacking in putt putt parks. I miss the outdoor miniature golf courses of LA where I can spend time outside and attempt to miss all the water traps. Well, we don't have anything like that here in Vegas (guess it's too darn hot in the summer) but we have Kiss Mini Golf and that's pretty awesome. Black lights, golfing and friends. Sounds like a the makings of a great evening. The layout for the course is pretty good. When they're busy it can get a little backed up at certain holes, but for the most part there's so much to look at you barely notice. I am by no means a Kiss fan, but it's a great place for a fun night out whether you are or aren't. They blast the rock music and they have lots of fun arcade games to enjoy as well. The place can be rented out for private events and they even have a wedding chapel. I recently checked this place out during a Yelp Elite event and it was great for large parties. I definitely recommend it for private parties. I even tried to convince my friend to hold her upcoming nuptials here. We'll have to see if I can convince her,
4	The boyfriend and I came here a while back and have been meaning to come back with more of our friends but unfortunately haven't found a chance to.. When we came they were still pretty new so we had the place to ourselves! I really loved all the lights and KISS memorabilia! The thing that most impressed me about this place was the service.. Off the bat the workers told us if we wanted we could go buy alcohol since they didn't have their license yet so we went and got some beers from the store next door..The guy who gave us our clubs was just AWESOME. I wish I could remember his name but he really set the mood and made us laugh. He also hooked it up with free tickets and throughout the night came up to us and gave us more tickets for our amazing skills HAHAH the DJ was also very nice & kept cracking jokes. Then when we went to redeem the tickets there were hardly any prizes to choose from so the girl at the counter gave us a card for next time with double the points and gave us a BOGO pass ~ WOW  truly wonderful customer service!AND WE WILL DEF BE BACK~!!!Hot Tip: Ladies leave your purses in the car, it's such a hassle to carry them around while playing.. & don't forget your cameras loads of awesome photo opps~
5	There aren't a whole lot of things to do on or around the Las Vegas Strip for the whole family.  THIS is one of those things.  AND, you don't even have to be a KISS fan to enjoy it.  The whole family will enjoy glow-in-the-dark mini golf while listening to great rock and roll pumped through a great sound system.  The staff is outgoing and friendly and you might be lucky enough to catch a KISS Wedding while you are there.  Make this a stop on your next trip to Vegas.  You will NOT be disappointed.
5	Went there for the grand opening, have returned many times for different events, and played 3 rounds of golf there so far.There's a plethora of KISS memorabilia, of course, it's the largest KISS gift shop in the world and features a VIP room for parties as well as a wedding chapel.KISS music blares continuously as expected and it's definitely one of the few kid-friendly places in town. Make this a point of interest on your next Vegas trip. If you're a local, you'll probably find yourself visiting regularly as it's constantly evolving.
5	I will admit, I had low expectations of this place. Monster mini golf owns another location in Bakersfield, that I wasn't impressed with. Yet, this place is AMAZING. My friend and I, had a 2 for 1 coupon, and had the locals discount. 10.00 for both of us to mini golf. You walk into a flourescent room, and your glowing. Off to the side is a gift shop. Yet, unlike most places in Vegas, the gift shop is pretty neat. Theres a DJ, who takes requests for your favorite KISS song, and a gentleman, who challenges you to get a hole in one for a prize. It's a fun, lively atmosphere. Whether or not, your a kiss fan. You will have an enjoyable experience. They even make the experience of using the restroom unique, provided in the restroom are sharpies, in which they encourage you to write messages on the wall to KISS. Fun, Inexpensive, and DEFINATLY worth going to.
5	This was a great option for entertainment here in Las Vegas!! We ended up spending a couple of hours here, and I had not expected this to be the case.My husband and I are both rock'n roll fans, and of course big KISS fans!! This was our main reason for coming here.  We'd been wanting to visit this mini golf course since it opened, and opportunity finally presented itself.Walking in the door, it was extremely cool to see some of the KISS memorabilia and decor they had on display.  I wasn't even golfing yet and I was having a great time.Looking at the famous boots and guitars and photos of the various KISS members through the years, it was really more of a KISS rock'n roll museum than a mini golf course.There was a KISS wedding chapel there as well, very cool for the ultimate KISS fan!  I'd totally be up for getting married there..... maybe for renewing our vows ;-) hehe.  Anyway, there was also another private room with KISS decor and a KISS dvd playing, and my guess is that this was for private parties and birthday celebrations.We paid 11.99 for golf per head, and that wasn't bad, I had honestly expected more, just because of all the hype and KISS surroundings.  They gave us our very cool, glow in the dark golf balls and off we went.The course is very well designed.  The decor is amazing, with huge KISS guitars and basses displayed as part of the course, as well as the KISS members positioned in various places throughout the course and a stage with animated KISS members.  Lots and lots and LOTS of photo ops here so don't be shy about letting other parties of golfers go ahead of you so you can get your picture shots :)There was also a DJ present who hosted a variety of games throughout the golfing experience, he had some trivia questions about KISS, some games were merely based on the color of your golf ball .... and the winners received some sort of prize, some prizes were candy, some were free tickets ... just a little extra fun while people were golfing and enjoying themselves.In addition to the golf course, there are a few arcade games available, such as air hockey, guitar hero, driving games .... skee ball .... It's enough to keep busy for a while and the prices to play are not unreasonable at all, so we did end up playing a few games and enjoying ourselves.Finally, the staff there is very friendly!! Love coming to a place like this where everyone is helpful and friendly and seem to love their job.  All in all, this was a really great activity and it's suitable for all ages. We will definitely come back here in the future.Oh yes..... don't forget to visit their restrooms, where you can leave messages on the walls.  (Yes, they encourage it and even left markers out on the sink for everyone to help themselves and scribble on the walls.... how cool is this??)
4	Wow, not a big kiss fan, but what a cool place.
4	Get ready to rock and roll and play miniature golf with one of the world's greatest rock band "Kiss". That's the feel you'll get when you walk into Kiss Monster Mini Golf in Las Vegas Nevada. You will see so much Kiss memorabilia from the early years to present that you will think you've died and gone to Kiss heaven. I went on a slow night it was a Tuesday evening and Kissed "mini golf"  the night away. The staff there was great and very friendly. It was like having the full monster mini golf course all to myself with my girlfriend. We took funny pictures all through the black light glow in the dark "Kiss themed" course. There's also a lot  of arcade games, gift shop, snack bars, wedding chapel, and VIP room for your special partys. I even won a free round of Kiss Monster Mini Golf for next time. "I just wanna rock and roll all night and party Kiss Monster Mini Golf every day!"
4	Went to the laundromat next door as we've been travelling for a few weeks and kept the kids (7 and 11 yrs) entertained with a tour round this Kiss themed crazy golf. It was perfect. Well organised and fun. You play in the dark under black lights and all the fluorescent paints and models look great. Had lunch at Hard Rock Cafe over the road. Typically quirky and fun for Vegas even if you are not a Kiss fan.
5	So much fun!!!I'm a huge KISS fan and have been dying to come here since they opened! Im not going to lie, it is kinda cheesy, but it was very entertaining. The employees were awesome. Halfway through the course one of them came up to do a challenge with us, where we won tickets for participating. They play all KISS music, and take requests, which is awesome! In the ladies room they had sharpies on the counter to write on the bathroom stalls with, such a silly fun thing to put in there. My boyfriend got a free game for losing, so we'll just have to go back sometime!
5	Wow. The staff is remarkable. They lady at the front found out it was my Birthday and within 5 minutes EVERY worker knew. They kept announcing it over and over again on the loudspeaker and hooked us up with tickets and rings. Blacklight golf is super fun but don't expect the courses to be difficult. Everything is a par 2 for the most part. I say this constructively but add OBSTACLES to each hole. Each hole was repetitive and this place should not be! This place has all the makings of awesome and the holes just need some more obstacles added to them. Other than that A+ guys! Call me if you want ideas for what you could do to the holes!
5	I came back a few nights after the yelp event.  I received their deals from the event, but did not anticipate that I would be going.  My friends wanted to do something fun so I told them to give it a try.  The girl at the counter actually remembed me and offered me a free game anyways.  Thank you very much! During our run through the course, the workers offered us some scenarios that were very amuzing and challenging.  We got little prizes for beating their challenges.  Overrall, everyone had a good time.  We look forward to coming back again.
5	For those of you who know my reviews you know that I don't often give 5 stars. KISS by Monster Mini Golf deserves every bit of the 5 I am giving. I have played here twice now. Once with a wild group and once a quiet family. Both times were so much fun. Tonight, out with my family, was a great evening. I went with my dad, my step-mom and her grandson.  He just turned 10 and we thought he would enjoy it. He did. We all did. The full 18 hole course has a little bit of everything for everybody. Most of the holes are relatively easy. We all got at least one hole in one. The staff adds to the fun too. From the friendly greeting when we walked through the door, to the funny yet logical rules of the course, to the special trick shot challenge on the 6th hole. For the latter we had to put up the metal salute \m/ and hit the ball backwards and between our legs one handed. For doing so we each earned 25 prize tickets. We would have earned 50 for a hole in one. Unfortunately none of us made ours on hole 6. Nevertheless it was a good and fun change of pace. Even the beer drinking long haired gentlemen in front of us turned out to be pretty cool despite my initial judgement. They gave us their tickets. And they had a lot having made the hole in one on 6. Presumably we got their tickets because we had a 10 year old with us looking at the prizes.  From the outstanding and wholly unique course to the staff and other golfers, KISS is a great family place that I highly recommend to anybody looking for a good time.
4	My boyfriend took me here the other day to pass some time before going to a show- and pass time it did. It's an indoor mini putt putt course that has black lights and amazing glowing murals on the walls. All the paintings have to do with Las Vegas and KISS.The front of the establishment is entirely swag- gift shops, snack stand, loads of KISS memorabilia, an arcade (where you get tickets and can swap them for trinkets) and even a wedding chapel where I'm going to assume you can actually get married in. The price for two people was 20$, you get to pick your own colored ball, and off you go. At first it looks small. REALLY small, but it's very deceiving. It took us an hour to get through it, and we took our time since there was no one behind us, only a large party in front of us. You can score yourself, or have them do it.The ladies room has sharpies that you can use to write on the walls!   It was really fun, and you can bring your own drinks in if you want, and I'm assuming food as well. Kids can come in and have a great time- as long as you don't mind the uncensored KISS music.
5	If you love KISS, you will love this place, cheesy as it may be. If, however, you aren't much of a fan then I'd suggest finding something less fetishized than a veritable altar built to these aging rock gods. BYOB. This is a must. Go to the liquor store in front, stock up on booze, then return. Back? Good. Start by admiring the walls replete with KISS tour posters, 8x10s, flyers, stickers, and all manner of ephemera that gets fanboys weak in the knees. Check out the dozen or so cases filled with KISS merch from the days of yore. There's a lot to admire, and just about every member of the band gets some love in one way or another (sorry Mark St. John!). Once you've had your fill of that, be sure to pop your head in to the Hotter Than Hell Wedding Chapel. While you're looking around, try to imagine who would choose THIS spot over any other on the planet to be married. It might as well be sponsored by Velveeta it's so cheesy, even by Vegas standards. Grab your balls and hit the first of 18 holes. The course layout is comically small - each hole is practically right on top of the next. The walls are full of caricatures featuring classic Vegas acts - the Rat Pack, Liberace, Elvis, etc.  - made up in KISS face paint and flashing metal horns. It's one of those "so lame it winds up being awesome" kinda things. Sadly, the animatronic KISS band wasn't playing that day. Remember Bullwinkles? When the band would play at intermittent times? I was hoping we'd get that here. Nope. Appropriately, shoot your balls into Gene's gaping maw to finish out the game. Be sure to hit the gift shop for some choice merch, such as KISS footie pajamas, or a fox pendant worn by Eric Carr for the ill-fated bomb The Elder (I like it, dammit). Surprisingly, there were some items here that weren't grossly overpriced. Gene must be slipping. I will come back here every time I am in town.
4	Only in Las Vegas...but can't imagine a better place for it.  I really thought the lights would make the place seem silly, but they are done well and really ads to the venue.  If you haven't been, make sure you wear something that will glow in the lights and bring a camera.  My phone didn't work well with the lighting, but then again...it's just a phone!The only thing that kept me from giving it a full 5 stars was a few of the "props" were broken and when asked when they will be fixed, the staff didn't know and responded "it's been broken for a while now".  The majority of the props worked perfectly, so we will be back to play again soon.I wouldn't say it is a family venue, but our teenagers had a good time and want to go back.  The gift shop has some unique items and the overall place was very well done.
5	After a pretty rough morning on campus, my best friend took me to Firkin for a couple of afternoon beers. While sitting at Firkin, I noticed this place in the same parking lot and thought to myself, IF MINI GOLF CAN'T CHEER ME UP, NOTHING WILL! :)I was correct. We walked inside and were immediately greeted by a friendly employee who gave us a tour of the place upon discovering it was our first time. She showed us the arcade, the VIP rooms, the snack area, the golf course and even the wedding chapel (LOL - this is kind of awesome!!!)We purchased our round of golf, grabbed our clubs and when we got to the first hole, we were greeted by another employee who explained some of the rules to us and sent us on our way. I must say, everyone who works here was really nice and welcoming, which in my opinion truly makes or breaks a business. Employee attitude can make a sub-par establishment feel like a 5 diamond resort. This mini golf course is SO MUCH FUN. A few holes are really easy and a few holes are a little harder. The decor and the neon and the black lights and the music make it impossible to not laugh and smile while hitting the ball around a little. When we were about halfway through the course, an employee came over and gave us a little challenge for our next hole. Should we accept, we won tickets for prizes and should we accept AND succeed, we'd get a free round of golf and a shout out from the DJ and tickets. The employees really make an effort to ensure that you enjoy your experience.But really, how could you not enjoy a mini golf course with giant neon guitars, floating heads, platform boot, drums and authentic kiss memorabilia? GREAT for kids and GREAT for adults and GREAT for anyone who likes FUN.
5	Two words. UHHHH MAZING. My boyfriend and I came here for our 3 year anniversary after dinner, about a week ago. Walking in we knew it was going to be epic. It was super cheesy and loud. It was like 3D mini-golf with out the glasses. Did I mention they let you take in your own booze? We brought our own bottle of vodka and soda, but they provided the cups and ice. Overall exciting experience. Highly recommend.
2	I had high hopes for this to be outrageous but it was maybe a 3/10 on the outrageous scale. The KISS decor and black lighting was cool but the actual mini golf game was pretty lame. The obstacles on more than half of the 18 holes are simple and boring to non-existant. Sometimes it's just a straight shot to the hole.  The best part was the 18th 'hole' when you hit your ball up the Gene Simmons tongue-ramp into his mouth and he sneezes potpourri scented mist at you. Only took maybe 25 mins to play all 18 holes, maybe I was expecting too much.
5	This is the best place in Vegas to play mini golf. Not the best I've ever had but the best in Vegas! Had a triple date with my sister and friend. Everyone was really nice! Military Id school Id and locals get 2.00 off. I will be returning! We all had a great time:)
5	This was so much fun!!!! I'm not much of a KISS fan, but not because I don't like them, just because I have never listened to them other than Detroit Rock City as a kid, and now with my KISS loving boyfriend. This place was nothing like I was expecting inside, much smaller than I imagined, but surprisingly it is really well laid out, they really make it work.  You can also request any KISS song you want to hear. Stop in the Liquor store right across the way and stock up on some booze to really get the fun started. I lost miserably... but got a coupon for a free round of golf next time.
4	This place is great! The staff is all very friendly and they offer challenges on some of the holes to spice things up a bit. It's a great glow in the dark vibe with some challenging angles on the holes. The added rock music is a nice touch too!
5	Kiss Mini golf by Monster.Took my family to Vegas just to play mini golf?Yup.But not just any mini golf, Kiss mini golf! Located across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Kiss Mini Golf by Monster is an 18 hole glow in the dark mini golf course and it rocks... literally. Me and my crew arrived at opening time 10am and were greeted on the red carpet by an enthusiastic employee who asked "Are you ready to rock"? We said yes, because we were. When you first walk in you are instantly transported to the land of Kiss which for me was like returning to my childhood complete with sound track provided by the all Kiss all the time DJ (In his custom Kiss DJ booth). The place is so full of Kiss memorabilia thats its bursting at the seems with everything for the casual or diehard fan. Oh and there is also mini golf. The golf game play itself is extremely basic with no moving parts and very little difficulty. That being said... who cares! the DJ keeps things moving with music (some expected but also plenty of obscure tracks) trivia contests and challenges (best golf club air guitar etc) and the vibe is just so rocking that we smiled for 90 minutes straight. The props are amazing including a life size stage with animatronic Kiss, a giant Paul Stanley boot and of course the 18th hole Gene Simmons giant face challenge (hit it straight up the tongue for a hole in one!) if you feel like leaving a note to future rockers you are in luck because the bathrooms come complete with pens for writing on the walls! And of course what would any Vegas spot be without a wedding chapel where in this case you can be married by a mini Gene Simmons (okay not politically correct but true in any case). The true danger here of course is the gift shop where you can drop a paycheck in the blink of an eye with t-shirts, coffee mugs, shot glasses, air freshener, costumes, jackets, candy etc. All of course branded by Kiss. My head was swimming by the end but there was one last essential activity, putting on the Gene Simmons Destroyer boots for a photo Opp (5$) If like me you are a member of the Kiss army this place is the greatest thing ever. However if you are a casual Kiss fan, or just someone looking for something non gambling related to do then this place is super fun, family friendly and by Vegas standards relatively inexpensive. The best endorsement ever... I will go back! Kiss Mini Golf by Monster rocks!Shout it out loud.5 (out of 5)J.S.L.
4	For some reason I always thought a warm weather climate like Vegas would have more mini-golf places than my cold home of Michigan, but it doesn't.  I'm normally not a big fan of indoor places because the price is so high and the course is small... well KISS is the exception! While the course is smaller than a normal outdoor area, many of the holes go the extra mile with props and difficulty to give you a challenge.  They have plenty of neat lights, rock music and they make good use of the black light bulbs with glow artwork everywhere.  Considering this place is a few blocks off the strip and is such a tourist attraction, I was surprised the price was only about $11/person, which isn't cheap, but they have BOGO cards they give you after you play a round.This is definitly a solid place to get your mini-golf fix!
4	Cheesy? Yes, of course. But for fans of kitsch, this place is a blast! We played a round of golf, rocked out to some Kiss and explored the fine shoe and axe collection in the gift shop. Lots of fun and reasonably priced. Another great find away from the strip!
4	Sweet venue. Which makes me wonder: will they ever have actual shows on the lil' stage here? They should. It is a small cozy space in a soulless strip mall on the south side of Harmon (right across the street from Hard Rock). It is miniature golf so how much space do you actually need? There aren't too many obstacles. Pretty straight-forward short putting, with loud ass music blaring in the background/foreground/all-around-ground, and Kiss statues and assorted gear strewn all throughout the area of play. You will not find the more difficult obstacles as in other large outdoor 'courses' -- ha -- but there could be some challenge to be found here. (Perhaps you can do it inebriated or on 'shrooms)(With a prescription of course [Legal Disclaimer])(Wait, are there prescriptions for either alcohol or 'shrooms?) Originally hailing from upstate New York, I have been to Putt-Putt Golfs where they do offer expansive outdoor mini-golf courses but this is Las Vegas so you will find no such businesses here. This is basically as good as you are going to get here and that is that. Air conditioning? Check. That is all you need.The rent-a-cop outside, patrolling the strip mall like if he were Secret Service and the parking lot stalls are the Commander-In-Chief, is a dick. - E
5	Awesome place ~ especially so if you are a KISS fan!!  The decor is totally cool, we took the kids (they told me "kids are welcomed all day, any day!") and they had a blast.  It's a small putt putt course, nothing extraordinary, but KISS themed and pretty fun nonetheless!  Music is blaring, you can't help but rock-n-roll to a song here n there (or maybe the whole time!) and there's just so much to look at!  It's dark and black lit so everything glowed which made it so much cooler!Everyone was so nice, from the golf attendees who kept hanging free tickets (arcade type tickets) around my daughters' necks to the cashier guy who served the girls Icees and let them trade in their tickets for little prizes.  There are a few arcade games - maybe 15, a gift shop of KISS goodies, a couple small rooms for rental and even a little wedding chapel, if that's what you're after!!  Great little local place.  There is a local's discount which is always a bonus!!
5	Recently married in Las Vegas, my wife and I teamed up with another couple (friends of ours also married in LV, though a different time and place) and found this little gem.  Inside was dark, and there is enough KISS memorabilia around to make this place nearly qualify as a museum.  I learned that Gene Simmons will put his name on almost anything for a fee.  Back to the mini-golf. The course is dark, with the only illumination coming from overhead black lights and glow paint that is probably better observed while under the influence of something.  That said, there is still plenty of light to see.  There are a couple emergency exit doors that are part of a wall that you should definitely _not_ touch on a hot day.  The holes are mostly bank shots, with minimal elevation changes.  On one hole, one of the employees issued a challenge to us:  Left hand up, displaying the horns; putt backwards between your legs, and if you made a hole-in-one, you would be a genuine Rock Star!!  If you came "close," you would get some tickets, more if you made it in one.Tickets were handed out to all who attempted this shot, and were later redeemed for items one might expect to redeem tickets for at an arcade-type place.  If you need to use the rest room while there, which I recommend, definitely find an employee before you go, and acquire a writing instrument.  You will see why. This reviewer is now a genuine Rock Star.
5	I did this as part of a Yelp event last year, but I decided to go back on my own.This place is fun.  There's no better way to describe it.  It doesn't even matter if you like KISS or not.  This place is so ingrained with utter badassery that one can't help but feel the siren call of awesome once you step in the doors.So what's here?  Walls upon walls of KISS memorabilia, a decent selection of arcade games, a sizable gift store with everything KISS imaginable ranging from pajamas to kid items, a snack bar, KISS impersonators, a small lounge, and a wedding chapel.No, I didn't stutter.  You can get married before or after you try to drive your neon golf ball through the swinging guitar clock (not a metaphor, by the way).The course itself is great.  Lots of blacklight images, crazy props, animatronics of the band on a stage, caricatures of local Vegas icons, and KISS music constantly blaring.The staff is super nice.  They want to make sure the fun is maintained with the crowd, and they'll come out to chat, see how you're doing, do little contests... it's all completely fun driven.Yes, they have one of those stupid mini golf banes of my existence where you have to try and drive the ball up a small hill (also not a metaphor) to sink it in the hole (ending my pro mini golfing career), but it's negligible.  This is a great place.  By all means bring friends, or out of towners, your date, or go on your own.  Even with Vegas' crazy stupid heatwave, it still leaves me wanting to rock and roll most nights, and part of every day.Wait, that doesn't sound right.  Let me get back to you on that....
5	Great indoor mini putt course. It's quite entertaining and comical whether or not you're a KISS fan. Good, fun, cheap way to escape some of that Vegas heat for a bit. No booze sold here. Good clean fun. Hey... I'm sure your liver could use a lil break from the flow of booze. There is also a few decent off hand spot to grab food nearby as well... I'm sure your wallet could use a break as well. Workers are friendly and the course is medium challenging.
3	Ok so being from the east coast we have a ton of awesome mini golf courses! There are none in Vegas, enter KISS mini golf. It's the best one in town but that's not saying much. This one is under black lights, is in a small part of a center with memorabilia, a wedding chapel, and video games. The video game selection was limited and two of the skee ball machines were finicky. The mini golf course felt like it was squeezed in to a small space but at least compared to other places in town, it had obstacles to go thru or around. But they weren't difficult obstacles or too exciting except for one hole. The service was good and nice as they helped with group pictures and were nice about answering questions.By playing we got a free round next time and the place is good for kids but not the best. Good idea in Vegas and good location for tourists and locals so if a group wants to go we will go back, especially if need indoor activity.
4	This was a cool experience for an evening out. Lots of memorabilia around and the glow in the dark mini golf was cool. The course is simple. Basic. But there is lots to look at while golfing.  Fun was had by all :) and it's nice that it is open late. Would I go back? Probably not.  But it is fun for a first time.
4	LOVED this place!  While in Vegas on a family trip, we took the time to rock out here.   (It is small, but fun.)  We were asked our favorite KISS songs to play and all we could come up with was Beth.   ;  )  My 9 year old played air guitar with his golf club during the game and got prize tickets for a few arcade games they have.   Everyone was very helpful.  We'll definitely go back for some off the strip entertainment with the familiy.  ; )
5	My husband turned 59 and this is where he wanted to go for his birthday.  We had a blast, the Employees are exceptional which always makes your day even better.  We did take our 2 grandchildren 8 and 7, we of course had to tell them who KISS was. HaThis was a whole lot of fun, and we will go back.  We are really not avid KISS fans, but  that really doesn't matter.  Fun for all ages.  I recommend anyone that loves to golf try this place.  Who ever did the murals on the wall you are absolutely talented. If you are a musician they have Jam nights, you can contact them on days, I only know this because my Brother has performed there numerous times.
3	I should preface this by admitting that I'm not a KISS fan, but do enjoy mini-golf. My first time here was for a friend's birthday, and I'm glad we used the $3 off vegas4locals coupon. It's $7 with the coupon for locals. A fair price considering the course is small and crowded. There's a lot of KISS stuff to look at, and they sell lots of merchandise too. The blacklights create a fun atmosphere and the obstacles on the course make for some good photo ops. My friend got a free gift from an employee since it was her birthday. A nice touch. The golf course isn't a challenge unless you are terrible at putting.
5	My boyfriend, his sister and myself had an awesome afternoon at KISS mini-golf. I don't really know KISS' music and wouldn't really call myself a fan, but that didn't matter... it was a lot of fun and challenging, too. (Boyfriend won... sis and I tied... not bad!) Everyone working there was super friendly, which kinda surprised me; this is the sort of place where you expect surly bored employees, you know? Heh. They have a little arcade area (with skee-ball) and even a wedding chapel, and we got to witness a couple renewing their vows while we were there. It was good, clean, silly, sorta-retro fun. Highly recommended for kids and adults, and especially anyone who appreciates camp/over-the-top theming and ridiculousness.
2	Thought it would be cool. The decor and course are; however the course was beyond simple and halfway through you wait at one hole for 10 min because it gets backed up. Most of the employees are non existent unless you walked up to the golf counter. And where is the main register it's so confusing. I had one of the supervisors walk past me three times before realizing I wanted to golf overall the cleanliness I the place was great. But you sweat so much partially because the door is left open the whole time.
5	cool,rad and if your a golf and KISS fan this place is for you. Had a great time!!A must to do with bad weather(not that the weather in Vegas is bad)
5	This place was fun to go to. They need more places for Mini golf in this town especially outside ones. But, my husband and I had a great time here golfing with all the neon glow in the dark lights and trying to get my ball up Gene Simmons Tongue, taking pictures by the props of KISS and my husband playing video games!!If your a KISS fan you will love this place. Lots of stuff to by and you can even have a Wedding from Hell there or Renew of Vows. Also you have got to use the restroom here. They give you a marker as you go in to write on the WALLS!! How cool is that?We love mini golf and we will be back. They are open 7 days a week from 11am to 12am. I believe its 11.95 a person.
4	I am a KISS fan so this was great. Love the memorabilia and the atmosphere.  The golf is good but not super challenging.  We went  during the late afternoon to beat the heat.  My 15 yr old son had a great time.  We would return again.
5	I took my kids here and I was truly amazed about how much fun I had as well. The staff was very friendly, they came up to us on the miniature golf course and gave my kids little bracelets and a stamps the place was extremely clean, and the staff was very friendly. The golf course was amazing and so many different things to see, it has an arcade and a decent gift shop. It was also decent price to get in. I will be returning
5	Came here for my son's birthday (he turned 9) and we brought our other two kids (10 and 11). I read some of these reviews about the difficulty level of the course but to be fair, I don't think this course was meant to be super hard. I think it was meant to be more fun and entertaining rather than PGA status, just sayn. The kids had an absolute blast! All the workers were very attentive and an absolute pleasure. The birthday boy got free tickets to start as they have a small arcade area there; he ended up winning a jackpot of tickets and between all three of the kids they won over 2700 tickets. They really took care of us and the popcorn is made to order. We came in first thing in the morning on Saturday and it wasn't busy at all so we lucked out. There were a few others playing but we had more than enough time to take our time. Its reasonably priced as well. We will be returning :)
4	The novelty is pretty freaking awesome here.  It looks like someones kiss fan fantasy threw up here. The memorabilia, the black lights with the neon paint on EVERYTHING is crazy.  The private room we had for our 40 year old birthday boy was really fun, came with a full bar and a comfy space to hang in.  The wedding chapel is hilarious. If you're into rock and roll and want a fun quick excursion from the strip, this def fits the bill.   The mini golf itself kinda sucks just an FYI.
5	What a gem!  Smoke-free fun in Vegas!The course is relatively small, but we had a great time.  Recommended for anyone who wants to get the heck out of a casino for an hour or two.  Lots of arcade games and air-hockey too.  We didn't drink, but there is a bar and a wedding chapel inside!Not sure why, but they gave us a coupon for a free pass to come back when we finished.  There was a little wait to get in and there was a big group of kids behind us knocking balls all over the place so maybe that had something to do with it.  We didn't mind any of that though.  It was honestly nice to see people having good, clean fun in Vegas!
5	Had a great time!  My girlfriend & I took our husbands there as we are huge KISS fans plus it was her 50th.  First thought this place was small but it has 18 holes!! We had so much fun!!  Came late on a rainy night so we had the place mostly to ourselves. The staff was wonderful as my  girlfriend who is anemic gets random nose bleeds, ok, more like floods. They were so kind to us as I was worried that they thought she was doing something else. Lol.  Everything was so fun to take pictures with and took full advantage of that!!
4	A very unique and fun miniature golf destination. A must see place for all Kiss fans. The staff was friendly.
5	Hello kitty rocks!!!We came here for my kid's birthday party, their services is excellent!  We could use a private room, they help us to serve a cake and drinks!  Of course we enjoyed indoor golf.  We love it.  I am sure we do have another party again.
4	Took my two boys and their two friends here on black Friday (11/29/13) because I didn't feel like getting into a fight at the mall over something you don't need anyway just because it is half off.It is 12 bucks for 18 holes of mini golf. 10 bucks if you're a local with proof of ID. They were nice enough to apply this to my kids as well so 50 bucks and some change for about an hour and a half of fun was well worth it. I love the fact that it is smoke free and indoors so on those hot summer days you have that nice AC to keep you cool.Obviously, if you don't already know, the theme of this place is based off of one of the most legendary rock bands in history. Regardless if you know the band or not, you gotta appreciate how the course is laid out with various props for  your viewing pleasure while you either celebrate making a putt with the least amount of tries or going on a rant like Joe Pesci in those Snickers commercials.The course itself has been laid out in a manner that guides you to the next hole so there is no guessing. As for the attempts on making each hole, you get a maximum of 5. I know this because on the back of your score card it specifically says this (does anybody actually read it?). So a max of 90 would be your score if you really suck that bad. I wish I read that part because I had 16 attempts on that one hole that has the stupid volcano/swirl type thingy. Service here is excellent. They encourage you to have fun and take lots of pictures. They even give you pointers and give you rewards if you just happen to make a hole in one in their presence.Business hours are everyday 10 am to midnight. Even on holidays they are open but have limited hours so make sure you call first before heading out.The only thing that bothers me is that they allow alcohol here. The day I went, there were some guys ahead of us that were a bit buzzed. I can only imagine how much more worse it would of been if they were actually hammered and no, I don't believe anybody can actually golf better when they are drunk.So if you are in the area and wanna kill some time for whatever reason or want to take somebody here for that awkward first date, by all means, go for it. I guarantee it wont be so awkward once you have fun.
4	I was unable to attend the Elite Event held here last year, but I got an offer for a free round of golf at KISS.  I decided to use it.  After all, I hadn't played miniature golf in many years and although I'm not a KISS fan, it seemed like it would be fun.  It was!!!!From the moment I went in throughout the time I was there, I was treated beautifully by the great staff.  I didn't know any of the songs being cranked out by the KISS FM radio station that broadcasts live from the golf course, but I enjoyed the music given the surroundings.There are plenty of black lights and the walls are painted with phosphorescent pictures of Las Vegas history--the Rat Pack, Elvis, Jerry Lewis.  The holes also have KISS related things like the high heeled boot(?) and KISS heads going up and down from boxes.  White shirts and shoe laces look clean they're so bright from the black light!  The holes are pretty easy and it is fun.Since I was alone, the guy giving out the clubs and golf balls asked me if I was going to keep score.  I answered that no I was just going to have fun.  Since there were two groups of four in front of me, he took me to hole 6 and started me there so I wouldn't be bunched up behind the two groups. He also cautioned me not to play #18 until I had gone to play 1 through 5.  When your ball goes in Simmons' mouth, you don't get it back.I really enjoyed the time I was here and I have to give kudos to a great staff!  They're very kind and they're very helpful to their guests.  Who would think I'd ride my bike at Lake Mead and play KISS mini golf a few hours later?PS:  One historical figure I got a kick out of was Ben Siegel, a.k.a. Bugsy Siegel.  On his table is a list that has the heading IDEA #342:Build big place in desert.Name it after a pink bird.Add gambling, booze, and sexy girls.Then get rich.
3	Visited this place with my husband & two kids. It was a pretty cool place for all four of us. We spent about $40 for a round of miniature golf with 18 holes. The music playing in the background made for a fun environment. The arcade games are pretty pricey ranging from $1.00-$2.00 per play. That's a big hike when comparing to the arcades at Excalibur & New York New York. The bathrooms were pretty bad. There was no toilet paper or seat covers. When having kids a clean bathroom is a must. It's a unique experience for kids. Just use the restroom before you go & stay away from the pricey arcade games & you'll be okay.
5	My partner and I were staying across the street at the Hard Rock Hotel, and we played a round while exploring the neighborhood. Neither of us are huge KISS fans (my partner said he couldn't name one song! Not one!), but the experience was just what we expected and hoped for. Lots of KISS music, some pretty fun while not super challenging mini golf, and lots of blacklight! The live-action band reminded me of Showbiz Pizza and Chuck E Cheese. My few interactions with the staff were very professional and polite. Keep your expectations in check, and go have a great time with this weird combination of classic rock and mini golf.
4	So fun. Super nice staff. Cool black lights....Downsides?: Couldnt get my KissKard of KissKash to work in most of the arcade games and the people in front of us (a group of 6) were soooo slow.....Id go back though- YOU should go .
5	Kitschy and fun, who wouldn't want to putt a golf ball up Gene Simmon's massive tongue and into his mouth while drinking a beer to finish off an epic round of 18-hole miniature golf? At just under $14 per round including beer and with discounts for Las Vegas locals, KISS mini golf is a great way to spend an hour (depending on the crowds and your putting skills- or lack thereof).
3	Been coming here for a while now. Still pretty fun, not too expensive. Super crowded sometimes, which can slow your game down. Not too big of a problem because there's a LOT to look at!! My only complaint is that the place is starting to look kind of run down. A lot of the carpets are stained and torn up pretty badly. The animatronic KISS on stage is looking pretty messed up as well. some props on the course are broken down... Still pretty fun though, and as long as they keep giving us the "free game" card at the end, we will keep coming back.
3	It was ok. Nothing exciting about the 18 hole set up they have. You can move the props even. It was pretty crowded which made for a lot of waiting around in very small spaces. It was just kinda chaotic with people trying to go while you're waiting for the next hole. By the 10th hole it had lost its fun and I just wanted to hurry things along and get to the end. If you love kiss then this place is pretty sweetly decorated and their music is blasting the whole time as well. Great art work on the walls. Other than that I was happy to leave. At least I can say I've tried it.
3	If you're a Kiss fan, add one star. Otherwise this is overpriced for what it is. Many of the large props have no function in the course.  As far as mini golf goes, pretty unimaginative course sans the cheesy Kiss stuff. There's a DJ announcement every 15 min that makes you feel like you're in a strip club. Still, with a $3 off coupon this is a nice diversion well air conditioned and near the strip. I'd say this is a bit overrated on Yelp though.
5	When my friend's planned a joint bachelor-bachelorette party in Vegas, the last thing I thought of was KISS mini golf. Ironically enough, this was the highlight of our weekend!It's a little off the strip so you will definitely need a taxi, but don't worry, you get drunk enough to walk  back on a nice day like we did. The moment you walk into this dark and kid run cave, you will probably think "Shit this is a horrible idea....". I passed this judgement myself, so don't worry. Just grab a beer (or twelve) and start playing your round of put put with your foursome. The black lights make the experience all the more fun, and enjoyable by hole 7 when you are feeling that PBR. There's a DJ playing KISS music, interactive holes with KISS memorabilia everywhere....it's pretty awesome. Everyone who works there is SO INTO IT which makes the whole experience even more enjoyable.LOVED IT!
5	We had a blast here, randomly on Saturday night. Cool locals discount,  just show your NV ID! The course was fun, but totally annoying when there is a big group of people in front of you going really slow... Oh well nothing can be done about that. All the staff was very friendly and helpful! Cool beer selection too
4	Fun decorations, an assortment of easy and difficult holes. The party I was with prefers outside golfing, but we enjoyed the atmosphere, rock n roll in the background along with the "band" playing in the background.
3	This place is cool by mini golf standards. I went after Thrillest published an article about them early 2013.  I just wanted to see giant Gene Simmons head in all honesty. We went, we conquered, we saw, all in less than 30 minutes. The course is extremely small, but I did enjoy myself.
5	Awesome! Awesome !Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!Great memorabilia everywhere you look. Creative course. Fantastic staff.
4	I'm not a KISS fan. I know Gene Simmons, that's it. I know one KISS song. All of that doesn't matter - this place is great mini-golf fun!I want to give this place FIVE STARS because of how great the staff is.  Every one there was fun, energetic and genuinely seemed to be having a great time hanging out there and getting people set up to have fun. That fun is infectious and it really set the tone for a great visit.The golf course was fun to play.  A few holes offered a challenge but a few felt pretty rewarding. If things could be better, it'd be nice if things were a bit more interactive. Also, one of the holes runs close to a Fire Exit and the relentless Vegas sunlight creeping in near the creases kinda takes away from the otherwise excellent blacklight environment. Also, it'd be great if there were podiums to use near every hole - a place to put down your beer and take score.The arcade machine selection was just alright. Lots of interactive machines. If you're coming here expecting a full arcade with pinball and Mortal Kombat, temper your expectations because it's not here. They had ride-on games like Batman, Fast and Furious and big ticket-dispensing games like Deal or No Deal. They've got the classics like Whack-A-Gator and the strength tester but the NFL Football Toss was underlit, the balls under inflated and was probably the most disappointed game there - mostly because I suck as a QB, tho.Overall - if you're jonesing for Mini-Golf while in Vegas - this was fun.
4	Honestly, mini-golf wasn't something I expected out of a joint bachelor/bachelorette party, let alone one taking place in Vegas.  But I guess it just goes to show that (A) even the mildly unexpected can happen in Vegas, and (B) who you're with matters more than what you're doing.  Of course, $2 beers certainly don't hurt either!Located across the street from the Hard Rock hotel, it's a bit of a walk to get here from The Strip, so taking a cab might be the way to go.  Inside, KISS is literally everywhere -in the form of memorabilia on the walls, props along the course, and the music playing overhead.  And, of course, the giant Gene Simmons head (and tongue) making up the 18th hole.  None of it all did much for me, but still pretty cool and something KISS fans would probably get a kick out of.If you're looking for some legit mini-golf though, this might not be the place for you.  It's not too pricey at $12 a round, but it's simple, and repetitive.  Plus, the course is cramped; where one hole ends, the next begins.  However, it's still fun, given who you might be with, the black lights, and the fact you can drink while you play.For out-of-towners, I doubt this place will make many "must see" lists, especially amongst the college crowds in town just for the clubs, DJs, and pool parties.  But for KISS fans, local families, or people just looking for something a little different to do, KISS Mini Golf is worth a look.  Even though I may not be back, it certainly wasn't for a lack of fun with friends.THREE AND A HALF rounded up.
5	This place is great! $13 bucks for a round of putt putt with a beer included, what a deal! It's right across the street from The Hard Rock Hotel and The Hofbrauhaus. A perfect  combo for a fun night out with friends.
5	Love this place! The manager (I believe his name was Wayne) was veer sweet, courteous, and informative. I was a bit confused when we first got there, but Wayne walked us around and showed us the different rooms (kids party room, adult party room, wedding chapel) and talked about the different events they have held here ~ STILL CAN'T BELIEVE NUDISTS COME HERE ONCE A YEAR TO MINI GOLF PARTY HERE!
4	Don't be fooled by the outside of this joint, it rocks! been to Vegas a billionth time and never knew of this place till this trip. It's a 7min cab ride from the strip. Walk in and it's like a huge rave =) Glowing lights everywhere.The receptionist is sweet and friendly, paid for the miniature golf and got a beer. There are 18 holes to conquer, i loved it. The giant platform smack in between guitars and a huge tongue. It's fun...drink more and it gets even funner to roll the balls around, i am def not a pro at mini golf! After you've lost your game, you can play some video games. it's a huge adults/kids funhouse. If you are drunk enough, maybe you can get hitched too =)
5	Fun mini golf, friendly staff and nice environment. Would recommend for couples. We went at about noon and it was slow,no waiting.
5	Wow!!! What a great place. We decided to give this a try and I am really glad we did. The music was great. The golf course was great. Everything was lit up in black light. The props and art work was exceptional. We had a really good time. It was a great value...for locals for the 2 of us it was $20. It was a great way to spend some quality time with my grandson. I took a ton of pictures because the art work was really cool and unique to Kiss. This blows away any of the other miniature golf places in Las Vegas.By the way the address is on Paradise, but the location is really located on Harmon.
4	Not your father's mini golf. Very edgey, very cool and choc full of Kiss memorabilia. Visually over the top, just like a Kiss concert and loud rock  playing over the sound system, this place has much more to experience than just putting. Admission price is fair too.
4	This was a tough 4 star for me. Could have been a 5-star, but for 2 things.Pros:Great atmosphere. Not a KISS fan, but loved the black lit course and the music/vibe.Moderately difficult course. Some challenges, but not Phil Michelson level.Round of golf and a beer for $13? One of the best deals in Vegas far as I am concerned. Plus, $2-3 for additional beers. Nice.Free Game for the loser in your group. I am terrible so that was me and it made me feel good about getting beat.Friendly, chill staff. Always a plus at a place like this.Cons:Need a place to put your beverage down while playing other than the floor/obstacles. This is a disaster waiting to happen. By putting beers on the floor, they can potentially spill onto the course or on the obstacles. Just a bit awkward really.There was a kids' party while we were there. I fully understand that these kiddie parties are vital places like this. But it is a bit distracting and annoying when some of these rug-rats are running as your feet when putting and their bewildered soccer moms are looking at you like 'why are you in my special child's way of going 9-iron on a putting course?' (sorry I rambled, but it wasn't pleasant for a few holes).I would certainly come back again. I would highly suggest this place to anyone looking for good mini golf in Vegas...hopefully there are no kiddie parties when you go though.
4	Highly recommend.  Definitely a unique date night or family night for the rock fan.  You enter through a museum and gift shop, complete with a wedding chapel room, etc.  Then the putt putt is no world championship course, but has lots of wall murals and art work with glow in the dark paint.  Ending of course with the last putt going up a ramp of Simmon's tongue.  Kudos for quality, gimmick marketing.  An oxymoron to say the least.  Only slightly overpriced for the tourist activity, but we have at least always had bogo coupons.  Something is so appealing about Gene Simmons and his merchandising genius.  It just has to be respected.  I also was at an event with him once and he was very classy.  I was not even a well spoken fan of his music, but something about him has won me over.  I watched a few episodes of his Family Jewels show and he comes across very cool cat and smart as hell.  You can tell he did not just sign off on this, it is nicely done.
5	place is great try to take my family there as much as I can even if you don't like kiss its great
5	I moved to Vegas almost a year ago and have been here three times already. It's a lot of fun, and in the summertime, it's a good place to go to get out of the heat as well. The atmosphere is great, they have a lot of cool memorabilia, and they even do weddings. The staff is actually very knowledgeable as well. What's impressive was that even the younger staff knew a solid amount of KISS trivia. The prices are pretty good too, they offer local discounts and usually have a good deal on groupon.  I also wanted to give a special shout out to Eric, who works in the souveneer shop. He was very friendly and knowledgeable, and took the time to dicuss various facts about KISS and old school metal in general with my friend and I for quite a while. I live close enough to where I even took my Dad by to check it out, and to say hi to Eric.
5	Loved it!If you are a local, show your ID for a discount!Plus there are multiple coupons online you can use ON top of the local discount. My ticket was only $6.95Google : Kiss mini golf coupon. Sweet!Wear WHITE clothing so you glow in the dark under all the black lights.It was an easy course, so no worries if you suck.There is a gift shop, snack bar & other games for the kids.The employees are SUPER nice & friendly ;)
3	This place was okay. For Vegas it could be better but for the most part I had fun with my co-workers. If it weren't for them it probably would have been boring. The inside looks a little cheesy but it'll do. I know it could be so much more and some may expect it to be so when you go here don't be too disappointed! Go with good friends that you have fun with no matter what. I am a huge fan of great customer service and they do have that!
3	Want something to do inside during the summer months in Vegas? KISS mini golf will solve the problem!Located across from the Hard Rock Hotel, it's easy to find with the four KISS member figures above the entrance.  You walk into a shrine of memorabilia collected over decades.  There is a gift shop with plenty of autographed items as well.  We were only there for the mini golf.  You can choose from a variety of arcade games too. Locals receive a discount when you show your ID.  The 18 holes are pretty straight forward.  It's nothing too complicated and can get through it quickly unless you are inebriated! I would say it is a bit of a gimmick but we still had fun.
4	Four of us golfed today at 10:30.  We were first group to golf, ehich was great, however it filled up fast. The problem is that it is one, 18 hole course,  they shpuld double or triple the size and have people heading off on more than one course at a time.  People were on top of each other and it could be dangerous.  Even being hit by a mini golf ball can do some damage.  So itcwas cool, but hust too small and crowded.  Mention the area code in vegas for a free golf ball when u leave.  They sell them for $1.50.  Air conditioning was ok, but could have been better. It was 103 outside.
5	- Awesome place. I had a great time here.- Some holes need maintenance.- If you are a Kiss fan, this is a must.
4	It's no Scandia (all my Vegas peeps know what I am talking about), but it was a great place for a date night with the boy. The course was fun and challenging. It was cool looking at all the KISS memorabilia, and of course the music was great! :)
2	Went here this past weekend and had an interesting experience.Positives: Kiss theme is executed really well. The music was fun too. Price is pretty reasonable, especially if you're a local and show your ID to get a discount. I had a coupon printed off their website and the honored both that and the local's discount together making each round of golf only $6.95. Negatives: Staff was EXTREMELY rude (with the exception of the DJ). When we walked in it took at least ten minutes for someone to come help us. It wasn't overly crowed so it came down to them just not paying attention. Finally a gal turned around and said "Oh, do you want to golf?" ... naaaa I'm just standing here at the counter for fun... She never apologized for the wait or anything, just told us the price and pointed towards where we pick up clubs.Then, when waiting in line to redeem the tickets for prizes in the arcade the woman behind the counter took 2 groups of people that were clearly behind my group in line and after I pointed out that we were they first she rolled her eyes and said she'd be with us when she could. She never did help us, she called someone else over so she didn't have to help us after we confronted her about ignoring us twice and the man that came over to help was equally rude to my little brother who was trying to pick out prizes.In addition to rude staff, the other customers there were rude as well- cutting in line, golfing on the same hole that my group was on before we were finished, cutting us off. I know this cannot be helped but the staff did nothing to control the group of unsupervised kids who were playing on whichever hole they wanted with no regard for whether people were already on that hole or waiting their turn to start one. The arcade is really expensive and pathetic, the prizes sucked (my 6 year old brother didn't even find anything he thought was cool- that's saying something).Not enough space overall, especially if it's crowded. Couldn't decide if it was meant to be a family friendly place or not. They serve beers so there were adults drinking but also kids running around wild which made for a weird mix of people. No real place for adults to sit and enjoy their beer so they just have to stand around the arcade where kids are trying to play games.Probably will not be back, even though I got a super good price. If I'd have paid full price I would absolutely have complained to management about my experience.
5	If you need a getaway from the Vegas sun with a bit of fun competition, this is the place for you! Upon entering you're instantly treated to a giant display of all the kiss t shirts, toys and magazines you could ever see. The collection here is quite wide and ranges through all eras of kiss. We were promptly greeted as we entered, we arrived shortly before 8pm on a Saturday. The girls up front were respectful and even got us smiling with how good a mood they were in. Excellent first impression! We picked up a beer and our golf tickets and moved back to the golf course.The employees in the back greeted us with another pair of smiles and joked with is about keeping score. Something is in the air around here because the positive and fun energy is everywhere it seems! The course didn't have too many people, more showed up after us and it got a bit busier. The Djs made announcements telling us about their wedding chapel, party rooms and even had some contests where you could win tickets. The course itself is a good time, bring a couple of friends and don't take yourselves too seriously. It was a lot of fun to be had. Afterwards we sat at the bar counter for another round of beers before some arcade games. Overall this place was a great experience. Seeing some complaints on yelp, you'd have to suck the fun out of everything to think this place has rude staff or a negative environment with customers and kids. Happy mini golf everyone!
5	No apologies here - I'm a giant KISS fan, so of course this rates high!To be honest, the course was really nice.  It's in great shape and the hole layouts are unique.  I loved the music (executed well by a DJ with shout-outs to groups in attendance) and the black-light atmosphere.  Our group took our time during the round - checking out the layout of each hole and calculating what the best shots would be.  Our friends ahead of us blew through the course, but I think we had more fun really soaking it in.  We didn't slow things down - the groups behind us were several holes behind and never rode our heels.The gift shop was decent, but lacked some of the quick/easy gifts to pick up just to say "yeah, I was there".  Key chains for $15 didn't seem reasonable, even for Vegas...even for KISS...  The autographed memorabilia was sweet - and yes, they'll ship it for you.The staff were great to our group - very courteous and helpful.  Even the non-KISS fans in the group had fun.
5	Welcome to Chuck E Cheese from Hell!  Not only would this attraction be suitable for family fun, but it'd also be great if you were looking to do a modern version of "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas".  I witnessed a couple of tourists in midst of that and I gotta admit...I was jealous.  They bathed in the KISStory and rocked out harder than anyone else when the band's late 80's hit "Forever" blared out the speakers.  I doubt they ever made it to playing golf.This is unquestionably the best mini-golf course in Las Vegas.  The black lights, awesome tunes, incredible memorabilia (Eric Carr's Porsche right up front!) and KISS animatronics really transported me somewhere else.  The enormous models of Paul Stanley's Ibanez Iceman, Ace Frehley's triple humbucker Gibson Les Paul and then Gene Simmons' tongue on the 18th hole were insane.My only gripe was that holding a scorecard, pencil, putter, golf ball and beer from hole to hole became as annoying as listening to a Peter Criss interview.  At least the beers were cheap.  It was $2 for the first round, $3 for the second etc.  That definitely eased my pain of being the worst mini-golfer in the world.    Here's a $3 off per person coupon:http://vegas4locals.com/couponkissminigolf.htmlThat makes it $8.95 for out of towners and $6.95 for locals.  SONIC BOOOOOM!!!
4	If you're a KISS fan and/or you like miniature golf, this is a fun place to spend an hour or two. The 18-hole course is indoors, and uniquely blacklighted and KISS-themed. If you have kids(or you just like Wac-a-Mole!), there's also a small arcade. The tickets you win buy you the usual tiny prizes(ok, I LIKE my little peace sign button!). There is also a gift store with everything KISS, from souvenir golf balls to replica KISS boots. It costs $11.95 per person, per round(kids, too), but locals get a $2.00 discount. Located on Harmon at Paradise, it's convenient for both tourists and locals. And guaranteed to make you smile!
5	YESSSSSSS. I loved this place. Beer, black lights, mini golf, horrifying animatronic kiss band! Thank you Jesus for this gem. the guys working here were awesome! I liked the guy passing out balls. The balls manager. King of the balls. Ball master of the universe. We also saw a man dressed as Gene Simmons. He was super nice and shook our hands. Worth the $12!
5	This place is a lot of fun even if you are not a Kiss fan. Play minature golf indoors where the black lights make eveything glow. Play a variety of arcade games and browse the gift shop. Fun for the whole family.
4	My friends and I stopped in cause we had entertainment book bogo free. Had lots of fun & also got a bogo free card for next time.  Loved that the course was open and there was so much to look at. Could be a tad bit more difficult but all in all it was fun :)
3	Its a cool place but as far as mini golf goes i found it too easy and cramped. It was worth visiting....but i probably wont be coming back.
4	Lots of Kiss memorabilia and merch.  Kiss music plays throughout the place, blacklight golf, easy access and parking in a strip mall with what seems to be no other tenants.  There's a bar inside, staff were friendly.  Some games and video games inside as well.  Price was a little steep at $11.95 per person, no special kid rates.  Locals and military save $2, and the lady applied the discount to my dependents as well.  Course is easy - to be honest it would be more fun to come here with friends and a buzz, but I still had a fun time with the kids.  My review might be biased because I'm 42 and Kiss Meets The Phantom of the Park is one of my heaviest rotation movies.  YMMV.
5	Great time friendly environment for all (kiss fans and non kiss fans) go have a good time. family friendly for sure
5	Fun place to play some indoor glow in the dark mini golf, have a beer, and listen to KISS music/see lots of animatronic KISS members rock it on stage (like the Chuck E Cheese band when you were a kid). The course isn't too difficult and is a fun time, the final hole is right down Gene's tongue. Even better that I beat our friends in minigolf here!  They have an arcade and gift shop where they sell tons of KISS stuff. This place is a little off the strip across from Hard Rock but worth the short taxi ride.
5	Every time I've been here I have a great time, I've got to know some of the staff and they are all awesome. I went to the Gene Simmons book signing (Friday November 21 2014) After mentioning to Gene that my son is in the Air Force and getting ready to deploy, Gene, without hesitation got on the phone and talked to my son, however after I walk out I realized I didn't get my picture with Gene so Christina took me straight to the front of the line so I could get my picture. Christina, Patrick, Misty and everyone else did an awesome job and worked hard to make it a fun and great time. Thank you to Gene Simmons for taking the time to talk to my son, thank you to Christina for taking me back in for a picture, thank you Patrick for just being an awesome guy and supplying Gene with Sharpies so he can sign everything hahahaha, and thank you Misty and everyone for your hard work in keeping it all running smoothly. Thank you to all of you for being great every time we are there.
4	The Mini Golf is located across the street from the Hard Rock Restaurant and hotel.  It's about a 20-25 minute walk from the strip so good for walkers if the weather is nice.  We didn't mind walking back and forth from the strip.  Outside was the VW Beetle with a long tongue but there's a sign "Please do not sit on the tongue" and a stage.Inside, the first thing you see is a the car bought for Eric Carr.  Very cool to have a car that is over 30 years old and associated with KISS.  To the right is the shop where you can find lots of memorabilia for sale.  I saw t-shirts with Vegas on the print for $20 which was cheaper than  the Vegas tour KISS shirts.  Also saw Hello Kitty 4 figures on sale for $50.  For those who are vinyl collectors, there are autographed selections to choose from and those wanting the boots, can find them here! If you don't want to pop down the $500 (they are non refundable), you can have your photo taken with them for $5.  Not all items are pricey, and they have album cover magnets for $5.Along the right side is also a party room and wedding chapel.  These areas were used for the line up and book signing for Gene's Me Inc.  The walls to the left of the entrance are filled with autographed album covers and photos of KISS.  I also liked the world map with pins of the fans who have visited.  It was cool to include my home town and be entered to win a VISA card too! The middle section is an arcade.  We didn't play any games but we did play mini golf.  Thanks to a Yelp reviewer, we printed off the coupon to save $3 on admission and paid $8.95 each.  We brought our coupon to the mini golf area and got to pick our ball and given a putter.We waited until the golfers in front of us were on Hole 3 before we started.  Eventually we caught up to them and there was a little bit of waiting on some holes but it was ok to enjoy KISS music and props on the course.  The DJ also talks to the golfers and announces where they are from. Most holes weren't too complicated but it was cool how they incorporated props on the course.  The last home is cool when you shoot the ball up the tongue.  Awesome ending to the 18 holes! At the end, the losing golfer gets a coupon for a free game.  We didn't golf again but next time we're in Vegas, would come back for another round.The washroom is funky with all the graffiti purposely written on the walls and also on the toilet cover.  But it's clean.If you are a KISS fan, I would recommend visiting! Would give 4.5 stars if I could.  Place is owned by Christina and Patrick, cool people who also coordinate sales of Gene's Axe Basses and meet and greets, and provide great customer service.
4	This place caters to two basic demographics: KISS fans and mini-golfers. You don't have to fall in both categories to enjoy yourself here.If you love mini-golfing but could care less about KISS you'll still enjoy yourself here. It's an 18 hole glow-in-the-dark course. Most of the obstacles in the course are KISS-themed as are most of the props and decorations that surround the course. The course is challenging and fun. There is a DJ on duty who plays constant KISS music. He's high energy and friendly as he greets the golfers stepping up to tee off for their "18 holes of rock n' roll," as he calls it. He takes requests but if he doesn't get any, he just creates his own themes. He had a Creatures of the Night theme as we played since we're all freaks playing golf in the dark. He then switched to a KISS ALIVE! theme in honour of that night's concert at the Hard Rock.Now if you ARE a KISS fan you'll probably want to spend more time in the merchandise and museum areas. The merch area has everything from T-Shirts to fridge magnets to autographed photos of band members. It's not just the current line of KISS merchandise available here either. These are old-school, real-deal KISS collectibles. There are even signed Ken Kelly prints of the Love Gun and Destroyer covers for sale here. Most of it is available for reasonable prices too. You can also buy signed album covers of other classic bands such as Rush, AC/DC, and Aerosmith. This is where the shark gets jumped a little bit though. These albums are selling for a minimum of $100 and some are around $500. Some of the albums are in terrible condition too. But it's cool to see the autographs though.The KISS museum has everything from Eric Carr's Porsche (seriously) to Bruce Kulick's jacket as well as signed covers of every KISS record up to the Unplugged album. These ones aren't for sale though :( They also display some stage-worn outfits by several current and former members of the band.The only negatives I can offer are: The course is a little small and gets very congested. As I said, the props and decorations are such a spectacle that the players are usually stopping to take a picture of EVERYTHING which can get annoying if you just want to breeze through the course. The staff were passing on to people to leave at least three holes between teams. Good luck with that one! What I saw the day we were there was a hundred people all crawling up each others asses to get to the next hole so they could be the first to pose next to the giant Gene Simmons head (it breathes smoke).They serve alcohol there, which is fine (the beer is cheap) but adults + booze usually = rowdy behaviour which could make a family day of mini-golf a bit disconcerting. There was a little tomfoolery going on during my visit but nothing that required a visit from the local constabulary.
5	KISS and mini golf. Two greatest things in life.   This place has it all: mini museum, arcade, gift shop, food and booze, a wedding chapel, and of course...mini golf with black lights while KISS music plays in the background. Very family-friendly atmosphere. It's off the strip so it's well worth a visit.
4	My husband and I had a blast. We went day after Christmas. Awesome memorabilia and gift shop. Everyone has to try this at least once. I found a groupon deal that was a good discount. My only complaint is even though it was a Friday night there was no Dj and the Kiss music they did play was not there top ones mostly there lesser known ones that only true Kiss Fans would know.
4	Before going here, I was skeptical. Mini golf isn't my thing, but I do like Kiss and I was looking for something fun to do with the kids. We had a great time, and the staff were  super nice. I'd definitely go back again!
4	I think considering I'm a huge KISS fan, it's going to be hard to disappoint me in a place like this. And for the most part, you're right. The only complaint I have is the size of the gift shop. It could be a little larger and less cramped.
5	This place is a super solid choice when you're all booze'd out and need a change of pace off the Vegas strip. Probably the coolest mini golf I've ever experienced!$12 gets you a game and a beer. We went on a weekend during the daytime and almost had the whole place to ourselves. It's a bit of a hike off the strip but flat and easy exercise if you have comfy shoes, otherwise probably a ~$15 taxi ride. Really cool map with pins in the front to show where everyone has come from to play.If you love KISS, this is your jam my friend.
