3	I had a hard time deciding how to rate this one.  Cozy small neighborhoody ambiance makes it a great date spot and is worthy of 4 stars.  The salads are 5 stars.  Really amazing.   The pizza...  eh.  I much prefer the pizza at LGO, Cibo, or Grimalidi's.  I would come back here for salad or to chill on the patio.  Probably will not be back for the pizza.  Since it is primarily a pizza place, I had to knock it down to 3 stars, despite the stellar salad and ambiance.
4	Aside from being a $ date spot (that's "money" like how Trent in Swingers would say it, not like "expensive"), they have an excellent wine selection and great service. It's picked up steam the past couple years and has made a name as a trendy spot to drink wine and eat gourmet pizza, so be ready to squeeze into a table if you come in a large group. IMHO, it's worth it (don't hate on the acronyms, folks). The food is legit and the wine is good. Considering all the attention it seems like this place gets, it hasn't gotten a big head about it. The prices are more than fair and the ambiance is invariably on point. It makes for a great double date or group outing spot as a precursor to a night out in Old Town.
5	Location is great - tucked away and not in the midst of all the clubby scenester areas. The wine selection is pretty decent. The salads are awesome. The pizza is fantastic as well - light and artisan style with great ingredients. The best part is possibly the dessert - decadent and delicious. If you leave here and don't have the dolce, you're a crazy person.This is a sweet spot to take a date or to meet someone for lunch instead of Oreganos. I like their wine list - particularly the reds. I've meant to pick some up to take home since they have a retail price as well. This review is revised as of May 2008. Originally, I had reviewed this and talked about the owners splitting up and all that shit and I had given it a 4 star rating. I think I was feeling peer pressure with that score. I personally feel this is a great restaurant in a great area.
4	Great place, always stop in when I am in town.  They have a wood oven and cook most everything in it.   I love the Italian beef on skewers with vegetables that they do in the oven.  Pizza,  and deserts are great.  Salads are very good and a meal in themselves.  One desert, and I have never had it, is huge and obscene, but looks great (it is also done in the wood oven).  Excellent Italian wine list.  I don't know the deal with the prior owners but the Italian guy I meet who I believe owns the place now is very nice.  Big soccer fan.  Waite staff is very friendly.
5	This is a wonderful place to relax with friends. The atmosphere inside is dark and eclectic (definitely a locally owned, mom-n-pop establishment). Top notch brick oven pizza, super cheese plates, and a great wine selection (though only two Italian beers). Very affordable for Scottsdale. The outdoor patio is also charming, with fireplaces and quality furnishings.ATTN: OTHER REVIEWERSLook, let's be real eh?Tostino's Pizza rolls get 1 star *Pizza hut and Dominos get 2 stars **Your local-independant Pizza guy gets at least 3 stars ***Grazie gets an easy 4-5 stars, even on a bad night *****
4	We selected this place based on recommendations we read on yelp.  We really enjoyed this place.  The menu had a lot of variety and the 4 of us split dishes.  My wife and I split their spinach salad and our friends split a caesar salad.  These salads easily could have fed 4 people.  We then split a bruschetta appetizer that also was a huge portion and the 4 of us ended up splitting this as well. This had 3 different kinds of bruschetta topping--very good.  My wife and I split a pizza with prosciutto and spinach.  Outstanding with huge slices of fresh prosciutto.  We didn't come close to finishing it.  Our friends had eggplant parmigiana and a combination pizza and calzone.  My only complaint and it is a minor one is that the waitress should have probably told us in advance that we were ordering way too much food.  I would give it 4 1/2 stars.  Very good place and will go back next time I am in Scottsdale.
2	Subject:  Hey...To:  GrazieCc:  yelp.comSo, how are you?  I just wanted to let you know that last night was fun....No, really we had a good time and all.  You really shouldn't beat yourself up over last night, you were busy, there was lots goin' on ;)Again, it's no big deal.  Everyone burns a pizza...It happens.  And, yeah I know, bagged lettuce for a salad is easier then freshly chopped.  Hey, don't we all cut corners sometimes to save a bit of time?  Go easy on yourself....I know that you wanted to have better service, but it just didn't happen.  Your head wasn't in the game...Well, anyway, I may as well get to the point:This is awkward...I just feel like we need to go our separate ways....Stop, I know what you're gonna say, it's just better this way!  There'll be plenty of others that will come along and you'll have long forgotten me...These things happen!  I'll get by and try other pizzas and see what happens...We can always still be friends and happy for each other :)Anyway, I won't be seeing you around anymore, so just take care and have a great life....  :(
4	good pizza and large wine list...  I like it since it is off the beaten path in Old Town...i agree that it is a nice group place... they also have a pretty nice outdoor area.
3	Yes!! A beautiful night outside on the front patio! A nice bottle of Brunello, caprese appetizer, and fantastic wood-fired pizza!OK guys.... a couple of tips....1. Buffula mozzarella should be soft and melt in your mouth, not hard as pencil eraser. I am not certain, but I think it would have bounced if we had dropped it. Why do I attempt this dish anywhere but Bianco's or Marcellino's?2. Oh yeah, cutlery - you know those little metal things we eat with in this country? We shouldn't have to ask for cutlery & plates when you bring the pizzaThe pizza was good. The wine was better. Otherwise you would have gotten a black eye from flying buffalo mozz. BOTTOM LINE: Bianco's east, you are not...
5	Its been a few years since I've been, but damn this pizza was good!. I remember it gets really hot (in the summer) and noisy on weekend nights. Otherwise, a wonderful place to go with friends, share a bottle, eat some tasty pizza, and go home happy. Clearly a must-try.
5	My favorite pizza place in town.  In my opinion, superior to grimaldi's, bianco's, etc.  But then again, a pizzeria preference is one of the most subjective there is. It has a great vibe, great pizza, great italian wine selection, great appetizers( Crostini Prosciutto) and great service.  There is only one wood-fired oven, so when the place is packed it is illogical to assume the pizza will come out fast.
5	This place has some of the best brick oven pizza around!  Not to discount the salads because they are awesome too, but the pizza is where it is at.   Came here today for lunch and thoroughly enjoyed myself.  I had the Emiliana salad which has Arugula, Baby Greens, Red Onions, Red Peppers, Pine Nuts, and Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano with a Balsamic Vinaigrette.  I also got the Americana pizza which has Tomato Sauce, House-Made Mozzarella, Pepperoni, Parmigiano Reggiano... it was awesome!  I have also had the Margherita pizza which is very good too.  The ingredients are all fresh and so tasty... I would definitely recommend this place to you!I love to come here and have a great glass of wine along with my pizza but today is a work day so I could not have a glass of wine:(.  I will be back!
5	Say hello to the place that has the second best pizza in the valley (Bianco is obviously #1).  I'm shocked that I did not know that this place existed and was very excited to have the opportunity to go here last weekend.  A great unassuming building with a great patio and a small interior space, this quaint little place dishes up some great pizza.  Thin crust with a wide variety of quality toppings (including smoked mozzarella, which is wonderful), the pizza comes out of the brick oven absolutely delicious.If the pizza didn't already hook you, this place has a great selection of wines at reasonable prices.  You can order them with your meal, or order a bottle to go.  What more could you ask for?  The bruschetta was great, their salad was phenomenal, and they had one of the best tiramisu that I have ever had.Our server was very attentive and friendly (and cute to boot), the atmosphere of the place was perfect for dates and groups, and I can't wait to come back here.
3	Stick to the pizza.  The salads tend to be under-dressed and boring (some quality extra virgin olive oil on the pre-packaged mixed greens would jazz things up).   Stay away from the beef skewers, they are over-priced and over-cooked to the point of being charred to a crisp.  My brother and I ended up getting what looked like skewered charcoal for our meal.
2	I'm not sure why I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1. I think Maybe a different pizza would be better?I got this pizza I forget the name but it had red peppers and onions and Parmesan. I got it minus the Parmesan. It came back looking delicious. At first bite it was good, the onions were sweet and tasty ......but then I tasted that first, there was no sauce which it didn't mention on the menu. Then the after taste was over cooked butter and bad garlic.They smear butter in between the crust and the cheese. Cheese and butter make an awful combo. I wish the butter and horrible garlic weren't on there. It was ruining the otherwise good pizza.I'm mean it was so bad I couldn't eat it. I got a salad too, the Emilia or something.It said it had pine nuts, arugula, Red onions and red peppers. Balsamic vinaigrette.OK you picture it loaded with pine nuts, onions and peppers. It gets to the table and it a whole head of lettuce and like four shavings of a pepper and a thimble of pine nuts. I maybe saw 2 things of onion.I had the waitress bring the balsamic on the side and the lemon vinaigrette on the side.The dressings could have been good if they didn't use whatever oil it was.I'm like 90% sure it was soybean oil. It was a very strong flavor that was overpowering and bad, real bad. I took like 2 bites. It was a really bad meal. I can see the potential, and I will try a pizza with a sauce this next time.
1	I went there again had the Margarita pizza. It was soggy, and tasted like a wet foot. The sauce wasn't good and the grated Parmesan tasted like cheap kraft in the green can. They say the house make the mozzarella, that confuses me because it is super oily?If you use quality mozzarella its not like that. You use whole milk.So this is one of the worst pizzas ever. I'm sticking to Grimaldis, better pizza, better salad.
4	This quaint little place is a gem in Old Town Scottsdale.  The oven brick pizzas are amazing and the wine selection is great.
5	This is where the beautiful people converge on a Friday night to eat some amazing food and drink wine.  I am continually entertained by the people that frequent this establishment. I have sampled salad and pizza and have yet to be disappointed!  The service is friendly and attentive.  I prefer the outdoor seating so you can have a better vantage point while people watching.You do have to get the dolce for dessert but split it with someone!  It's huge and you might be intimidated.  Either way you won't be disappointed.
4	if you like crunchy crust, you'll love-a da grazi!the first time i went there, was on a date with my now husband, and my head was turning the whole night because i'm pretty sure at that point, they had imported some of the prettiest people in italy and forced them to work there. for real.anyway, never had a bad pizza or salad here. i love my crust crunchy and i'm never disappointed (unlike LGO's soggy-pizza-center-issue). if you really want to go all out, order the calzone for dessert: huge and filled with bananas and nutella and cooked in the oven. (me: we can't eat all this! 10 minutes later, me: i can't believe we ate all that.)hit up the patio for a killer place to eat outside in scottsdale, without feeling like you're outside in scottsdale, aka on a bad runway where the models only look like tara reid.
5	amazing food! our absolute favorite. the salads are good, the wine is great, the pizza divine...but the chocolate calzone....god and heaven above couldn't make a more delicious desert. and for such a trendy place, it is an extremely reasonably priced eatery...even for the middle class foodie. the staff has always been very good to us.
4	My wife and I stop here each time we're in the area. It's a great locally owned restaurant, last time we chatted with the owner for about 30 minutes and he was very friendly with a great story. Service is decent but the pizza is better. We enjoy the amazing and very reasonably priced wine menu. The thin crust and wood oven seem to make all the difference, IMHO. The only pizza that I've had in the same league is Serious Pie in Seattle.
5	Probably the best pizza place in town.  Not a take-the-entire-little-league-team kind of place, but more pizza for grownups.  Great location, wonderful ambiance, extensive (and affordable) wine list, good salads, and excellent pizza.  And the tira mi su is awesome.   The napoli pizza reminds me of the pizza I devoured while in Italy, but I think Grazie's is better.  And if you are trying to impress a date, but don't want to break the bank, Grazie should be your choice.
4	This place serves excellent pizza and salads.  The price is reasonable for what you get and the service is quick and friendly.  Their wine selection is great but I would stay away from the banana "calzone" thing they offer for dessert.  It looks better than it is, trust me.  Well it would be excellent if it weren't for the dough that gave the whole thing a bitter/salty taste.I shared the Insaladda della Casa to start then had the Complimenti alla Mamma pizza.  Both were excellent and I would order both of them again.This was our second trip to Grazie and hope it will not be our last.
3	Starting off with three stars for Grazie because I have only had take out pizza there once so I can't speak to service, atmosphere or any other dishes. From this pizza alone I can see the rating will go up. A few of us decided to order pizzas for a late lunch/very early dinner - I ordered the Vegetariana and the second pie was a meat-encrusted thing whose name I don't know. That pizza was devoured so I'm guessing if you like meat-encrusting, you will really love that pizza. I thought the vegetarian selection on the menu was limited, I really wanted a red sauce pizza loaded with greenery, but Quattro Formaggi, Vegetariana and Margherita were my only options. That's fine, the veg was really tasty and just COATED with cheese which is one of pizza's finer qualites in my book. It was also laced with caramelized onions and red peppers...my only qualm there was that it was more bunches dropped sporadically on the pie than evenly distributed. All in all a delicious handmade pizza. I love the crunchy AND chewy crust that is thin but holds up to the mass quantities of topping it can hold. And it didn't get wet and soggy from grease which makes for much less mess all over my clothing, hands and face. yay!  I will make a point to dine at Grazie in the near future!
1	Horrible service.  We received 2 pizzas that were way over cooked: burnt.  We told the manager/owner of this and basically told us to deal with it.  Reading other reviews on Yelp and Google:  seems to be a running theme.  Have been a few times, food is OK-atmosphere is better.  However, with this run of poor service, I will never go back.
4	I really enjoy Grazie.  My theory when it comes to pizza is simplicity and good ingredients.   Get the margarita pizza, and nice salad, a great bottle of Italian wine (the wine list is extensive and priced well), a seat on the patio and you'll have a wonderful evening.  Well at least if you have good company ;).  Don't forget to get the desert calzone as well.Grazie can get busy especially in the snow bird season, so make a reservation during that time of year.Now dare I say I like this better than Pizza Bianco - or will that get me banned from Yelp?
5	Went to Grazie's with the family back in May on a suggestion from my sister in law. We took the visiting grandfather and his wife(that's another story), who can be a little hard to please when it comes to food, so we were a little nervous. We got there early on a Friday night and the place was not yet busy. We had a nice table by the front patio and were helped promptly. We started our meal with some bruschetta and a couple of caprese salads. Both were very good. The table ordered 3 pizzas. All were good sized and delicious. We had the Margherita, the Vegetariana, and one with pepperoni and sausage.  The Vegetarian was my favorite.  It was a white pizza, so no sauce, covered with caramelized onions and roasted red peppers.  Delicious!  The other two were good, but not my faves.We ordered a couple of the dessert calzones and a tiramisu.  The tiramisu was great, but the dessert calzones were incredible!  A doughy pastry stuffed with a banana and nutella spread.  It was then baked and covered with vanilla ice cream.  Decadent to say the least.  Several people at the table ordered coffee.  They said it was good, not a coffee drinker.Overall a great dining experience.  I would put the pizza on par with Bianco, mainly because of the wait time.  The patio looked very inviting and would be a great lunch spot in the spring or dinner in the summer.  I'll be back!
4	Finally visited Grazie this past Tuesday after years of wanting to try it!  A few months ago (perhaps a year??), I won a giftcard from a fave radio station, and I thought that I'd use it before Grazie closes like so many restaurants are doing these days.  Should Grazie ever find itself closing, it WILL NOT be because of lackluster food... I fell head over heels in love with their Cinque formaggi!   I watched the pizzaiolo knead and hand-toss the dough, roll it out thinly, and then grab handfuls of mozzarella, gorgonzola (sigh!), ricotta (sigh!), provolone, and parmigiano reggiano (oh!).  He garnished the pizza with a sprig of basil leaf and some olive oil, and then slid it into the brick oven.  Ten minutes later, after I took a couple of photos, I had a bite of my first slice of pizza (I eventually had three- no, scratch that- four slices!) and I could've sworn I had walked through heaven's gates!  If you love all-cheese, no red sauce thin-crust pizzas, you must try this!  My one grievance (and it's a big one!) is that the body of the crust didn't stay crispy for long, but that is understandable with all the cheese placed onto it!!  The rim parts of the crust stayed very crispy, though.  No worries- I concentrated on these areas, while I ditched the soggy parts, but there was no way I'd throw any of the cheeses away (well, ok, maybe the mozzarella, which took on a rubbery texture).  The leftovers reheated well in the toaster oven the next day- a good thing to know.  BTW, I was able to sample a few sips of three white wines before settling with a glass of Anselmi.  This paired very well with the slices of cinque formaggi.Note: I had asked for table bread and some olive oil and herbs, which the server obliged with a platter of spongy bread, not toasted, and bottles of olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  I'm not a fan of eating spongy bread (unless it's Ethiopian injera) un-toasted, so I took the pieces home to toast them up later.  (They were really good with ricotta, Medjool dates, and some AZ pistachios!)Friendly service; clean restroom.  Not a lot of tables, or space for that matter, indoors, and I visited around 4p, so it was practically empty- there was one man waiting for his partner to arrive, besides me- so it was very quiet.  I'd wager that this place can get pretty noisy when packed...  Ample patio space, though.(Pizza didn't re-heat well at home.  So you better plan on sharing the pizza at the restaurant so that there won't be any leftovers to toss out the next day.)
5	2nd time I went to Grazie and both times it was excellent. The service is fast and attentive and the food great. The portions are huge so there is no problem to share the starter or the thin crust, wood-fired pizza ... So far I had the Dame Edna and the Roma pizza and both were very tasty. The wine collection is great and has some very interesting stuff which includes also less expensive wines. Haven't made it to the desert menu yet as both times there was no space left ...
3	Went to Grazie's on Saturday night.  Probably not the best time to give it a accurate review because the place was absolutely packed.  We got the last table inside, tucked in the corner and very hard to access. I was immediately impressed by the large retail wine rack and the large brick oven in the corner.  The wine list was very good and featured an ALL Italian selections.  We ordered Bruschetta Appetizer that was larger then most offerings I have ever seen.  It arrived very quickly, I was stunned at how fast it arrived.  When we began eating it the bread was soft and soggy in the middle, indicating it had been sitting around a while. I should have sent it back, but I was starving so I tolerated it.  The pizza was good. Not out of this world great, but Ok.  I wanted it a little more well done, but again, I can't fault the wait staff, I didnt specify.  I do feel as if they rushed the pizza out a little early, maybe because they were so busy.  Here is the only thing I did'nt like about Grazie's.  It was very, very loud for a small room.  I am sure it is the concrete floors, minimalist walls and low ceilings but it was so loud I couldnt have a conversation with someone sitting directly across from me.  I was not over impressed with Grazie's but I reconize that the little things I was not happy about were all coeisidental and I am excited to try it again.
2	Let me just preface by saying I absolutely love the food at Grazie! The Emiliana salad is fantastic and the Vegiearina Pizza is to die for (the onions are so sweet and the perfect mix with the salty cheese). BUT... after my experience there a few weeks ago with a large party, I seriously might never go back! The place has a reputation for terrible service, and I guess it fulfilled those expectations. Our party of 13 for a surprise birthday dinner was seated for 15 minutes before the absentminded server came to let us know he'll be with us shortly for drinks. Finally, he came over, took our drink order and I let him know up front that we would need to do separate checks.... his response: "ummm that takes a long time, can you do at least 4 people per check?" What?!? After pre-ordering the desert calzone, he decided to place the order for a regular calzone and not let the guest of honor order an entree because "someone else already ordered for him." Half way through the meal, a surprise guest arrive- a Cockroach scurrying across our table! The owner simply said "oh it's because we leave the patio doors open" and took the crushed roach in my napkin to the trash. After 2 1/2 hours it's desert time, we get the Calzone situation straightened out, and before even asking anyone if they would like to order desert, plates and silverware are placed on the table (hello... this is a surprise dinner, the Birthday boy doesn't know they are bringing him desert!!!). Finally, we get the check, which of course, the server decided to just put us all on one bill (with an automatic 20% gratuity... no wonder why he didn't care about actually serving us) and then proceeded to complain about the number of credit cards being charged. To all of you Grazie lovers: I have love for the place too, well, the food, but the above is just so unacceptable and disappointing... wouldn't you agree? Total Time Frame: 7pm-11pm.... for Pizza.
4	Just as I said in my review in February, I returned and had the Insaladda della Casa then the Complimenti alla Mamma pizza.  Just like before, everything was excellent and I would order it again.  I just wish I remembered to read my earlier review before returning so I would be sure to order something different.  All the pizzas sound good and I want to try each one.  The service was very good.  Our waitress didn't seem to mind that we kept wanting to sample wine before we bought a bottle.  Their wine selection, by the way, is very good and reasonably priced.  Finally, I must add that sitting inside can be a bit noisy when it is crowded.  Temperature permitting, the patio is a better place to sit, eat and chat.
4	Grazie offers great Italian food and wines with simple, no frills service. Whether you are dining with your significant other or a group, I'd suggest you try a couple items and share. For starters, try the Bruchetta and/or one of their salads. The salads are all great, particularly the Caesar and Emiliana, and are big enough for two people if you are going to order an entree or pizza too. I've enjoyed several of their pizzas and would recommend the Margherita (add garlic if you are a garlic lover), Quattro Stagioni and the Americano.Along with classic Italian fare, Grazie has a massive wine selection all from different regions of Italy. My girlfriend and I are particularly fans of the Le Cupole 2005, a red wine blend of Merlot/Cab Franc/Cab Sauvignon/Cesanese/Petit Verdot from Tuscany. The servers are usually pretty happy to let you try different wines before buying a bottle. Just ask. We will continue to be fans of Grazie.
2	8/14Went for dinner.  Wanted to dine inside as it was still very warm outside, but the noise level there was ridiculous (and it wasn't even half-full!), so I asked for patio-seating.  Service from my server was very spotty- I only saw her when she took my order, the return visit to see if I needed anything, and at the end, when I asked for the bill.  It took more than 15 minutes to get the bill, and when she did arrive with it- I paid w/ a giftcard- the credit balance was missing on the receipt, so I had to wait another ten minutes before finally going in myself to look for her.Had the Vegetariana pizza, which came with mozz, provolone, Parmigiano reggiano, caramelized onions, and roasted red peppers ($13).  Still lovin' the crispy thin-crust!  However, it seemed like the pizzaiolo took a light hand with the vegetables and cheeses.  I consumed all but one slice's worth of toppings and all the crispy bits of crust my hands could find in the very low-light surroundings (I apologize for the dark photo), and I didn't even feel guilty afterwards!  As I said, I rarely saw my female server, and most of my interactions were with the busser, who brought: ice water to me after I had been sitting outside for about 15 minutes, with my pizza order already placed 5 minutes ago; a candle when it became too dark to see; and table bread when I asked for it.  Three stars for the tasty pizza, even with such little toppings.  Had to dock a star bec. of the cheesy (pun intended) service from the female server.
3	Went to Grazie for lunch when we arrived in Scottsdale. Eh, not that impressed. They had some nice combinations for their pizzas and the calzone sounded good. They had no tap beers, which is pretty lame as it is the perfect compliment to pizza. They had a nice brick oven which seemed promising. Sadly they ruined the pizza by busting out a rolling pin on it and thinning it out to a cracker like crust. My wife had the veggie and I had the sausage and mushroom. They were decent. But, again they need to hand toss the crust as it was way too thin.
4	Incredible pizza, great ambiance and terrific service. We really enjoyed this Old Town spot next to the Poisoned Pen Bookstore. We split an Emiliana salad at the recommendation of the owner followed by an Italian Sausage and mushroom pizza. Both were excellent as was the selection of wines. I thought I'd order a Sangiovese as it was lunch, and I wanted something light. They brought out 3 wines to try and we ended up going with a Tuscan Cabernet blend which was terrific. This place makes the list of "spots to go back to" in Scottsdale! Great service, great food and really nice ambiance!
4	Grazie was right down the street from my hotel when I was in Phoenix for a social media conference. I was told my hotel staff that this restaurant was the place to go for italian.I ventured down Main Street and found this little rustic like restaurant.  I walked in, all the french doors were opened and the warm air was flowing in.  I sat by myself, ordered a glass (or two or three) of pinot gris and enjoyed myself, while watching European soccer.  Wow- I was in heaven.I ordered a salad to start as well as pair with the pizza that I had ordered.  The salad was a little bigger then I needed, but I ate it all anyways.  The salad was topped with artichoke hearts, tomatoes, onions and a nice light balsamic vinaigrette.  I ordered an individual pizza with garlic, tomatoes and spinach on top. It was a perfect size. The crust was perfect and the amount of cheese and other toppings worked incredibly well together.I was satisfied and a little tipsy as I walked out with a full (not not so full) belly.
2	Grazie's has a cute interior, all the chairs are mismatched which gives it a nice homey ambiance. The patio outside also has a nice set up, but being the Phoenician that I am it was too cold to sit outside.  I went on Sunday around 2 and the place was completely dead. We inquired on the temperature of the wood fire oven and we were told they run it around 6-700 degrees. I love wood fired pizza and was excited to give theirs a try. We ordered the Margarita pizza, but that didn't seem to be what they brought out. What appeared on the table looked like a cheese crisp, with a leaf of basil in the middle. The crust was thin and soggy, the sauce was bland and the cheese poor quality and greasy. After eating half of a large I was still hungry. Perhaps this was an off day for them, the pictures (on yelp) of gorgeous bubbly crusts must mean they know how to do pizza right. I'd be willing to try them again, but the pizza was very disappointing.
4	Well I went here for a friends belated Birthday dinner.  We had Salad, a Pizza, a glass of wine, and a chocolate calzone.  The Salad was normal, served on a nice big plate with what appears to be homemade dressing.  Wine list is extensive, more so then I thought would be for a pizzeria.  It really is a wine bar and I must say I had the best glass of wine in my life, and I don't really care for wine.The pizza was tastie, a little over cooked.  The crust is super thin, which I love but requires a watchful eye when cooked in a brick oven.  However overall the taste was wonderful.  The chocolate calzone was amazing!  Again a little burnt on edges, that is the main reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars.  But a must eat for anyone that is a pizza lover!
5	jeeeeez louise.....the dessert....split 3 ways, the large chocolate calzone. i swear i could eat one by myself. holy cow, i think i climaxed mid bite......a tie for first place with oregano's pizza cookie.
5	OMG! I am still full from pigging out on pizza, wine, and more pizza. If you left that place hungry after this event then that was your own fault because the food was endless!! Endless!!!!  See The AZWinebats and Grazie were hosting a wine event that was only $20 for 8 wine tastings and endless amounts of pizza and salads.I started off with a free sampling of the Bruschetta Salsiccia, which was Italian Fennel Sausage with Melted Provolone Bruschetta YUM! I then had another bruchetta that was a cream cheese base with some sweet carmelized onions, red peppers, and seasonings which was equally as good as the Bruschetta Salsiccia. From there I moved on to the fabulous pizza that varied from the Margherita, Vegetariana, Americana, and Toscana. With all that pizza plus the yummy salads that they had to choose from where were the Emiliana and the Cesar, see now you realize why I am still full. I pigged out like there was no tomorrow. The Vegetariana won me over because of the sweet carmelized onions. Double yum!The wine tasting was pretty good with my favorite being the one from Bigi called the Orvieto Amabile. It was a sweet white wine and that is just how I like my white wines. My next favorite was the Rosso di Podernovo from Castello Dell Regine and rounding it out with the Sangiovese Riserva from Umbeito Cesari being my favorite red and was also the last one on the list. The one that I did not like was the Brut Rose from Hello Kitty. Not a favorite but hey you can't like them all now can you?My favorite part of the day was the fact that my friend Mark T. surprised me by coming to this event. Especially since he lives way in the middle of BFE!! LOL sorry Mark. But seriously, it was a great surprise and I was so very happy that he was there. Mark you rock!!The owner was fantabulous, the staff were fantabulous, the food was fantabulous, the company was AMAZING!!! (thank you again Mark)What can I say, I am a happy and very full woman. (hmm pizza and wine drool....)PS! The next event is Feb 28, so if you are in the area, by all means check it out. For $20, you can't beat it!
4	Good thin pizzza;  wood fired brick oven.  Very interesting toppings, very italian.  Delicious olives for example.  Pizza is a little soggy.I like to come here and split a salad and split a pizza.  4 people can eat for $50.It gets very crowded and noisy during snowbird season friday and saturday nights.  Wait can be over 90 minutes.
4	My experience with Grazie was short and sweet.After settling into the Valley Ho, the BF had to do some work, so I set out in search of some nearby takeaway. The Tortilla Factory was closed but Grazie was just down the street. Knowing he'd had his heart set on Mexican, I stood and examined the menu outside trying to decide whether to keep walking. Just then a car pulled up, then a couple got out and walked past me. A second later, though, the gentleman turned around and came back to tell me, "Everything's great here. You should try it." Sold.I ordered a panino, then went to sit outside on the patio while I waited. There was a fireplace on the far end, and I could see how it would nice to sit outside on a cooler evening. The proprietor brought my check and promised the panino would be ready soon. He was right, and I was on my way back to the hotel after a few more minutes, switching the takeout container from hand to hand because it was so heavy.The Romano panino was enough for us to share and was really tasty. The pizza crust-like flatbread sandwiched mortadella, provolone, and sliced tomatoes. There was even a little side salad and some olives, which was a nice surprise. I'd love to go back here to put the rest of the menu to the test, but I have a feeling that gentleman was right when he said, "Everything's great."
5	If you want REAL Neapolitan pizza baked in a REAL 800F+ oven to perfection... eat here.If you want a bready mess of a "pizza" go somewhere else.We had the cinque formaggio pizza and it was divine. One of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.If you want a great selection of wines by the glass, this is also a nice place.The service was very casual and nice as well.
4	Very cozy restaurant with outside seating. On weekend nights, ton of energy. Awesome food. Pizza is thin and very generous with the quality toppings. Price is not too bad for the pizza size and taste you get.
2	Average at best.  However, I AM A FOOD SNOB.  I love the atmosphere, casualness and drinks.  I have been wanting to go here for a while and finally went tonight.  the website brags about "meticulously chosen imported italian ingredients".  which is great, but you need to put in an equal amount of care and preperation.  this is the area grazie seriously lacks.  Ordered the charceuterie plate and a marcello pizza.  here is the problem.  the cured meats were cut extremely lazily.  learning how to use a mechanical slicer requires little training and a small amount of effort.  uneven cuts, on a mechanic slicer!! really??  not executing something so simple shows little care and pride.  when it was brought to our table i asked the food runner what meats we had.  he responded by giving me an akward look and stacking the side plates he had just put in front of us, and walking away.  i understand the cheap labor that is available in arizona but, come on.  at the very least they should be able to tell customers what they are about to eat.  also dont be afraid to top cured meat with a drizzle of quality olive oil and some cracked pepper, maybe a squeeze of a lemon, for the price and claims, i would expect it.  the pizza was fine, until a sliced tomato fell off the pizza and exposed its nasty underside of an uncored tomato.  again showing the lack of care and preparation.  carelesness like this tells me the guy making the pizza saw a huge tomato core he put on a pizza and just turned it over to not expose the core.  and to top it all off with the garnish was a basil sprig, stem and all, in the dead center of the pizza and nowhere else.  overall its ok.  for being in old town it should be better.  there are a lot of quality places to go.  this is not one of them.  grazie, you have a good place, now get your kitchen up to par.
4	Excellent atmosphere...great place for a date as well! Pizza was delicious and needless to say the nutella calzone was yummy! what stuck out the most, again was the atmosphere..i really enjoyed it!
4	We came to Grazie because we couldn't get in at the Old Tortilla Factory. Had to shift our minds from Mexican to Italian, but we did okay! They have gluten free dough, but you have to call in the morning so that they can get it from their other restaurant (they should probably start making it at this location, too--and then advertise--it isn't often GF people get their pizza!!).We split a caesar salad (huge), a meat and cheese plate (good) and the Toscana pizza (yummy, if a little soggy). Plenty of food for three people. Had some good wines and I had the organic wine Pinot Grigio, which was really nice.
4	nice scenery, good wine, great pizza. what the hell else could you ask for? well.... maybe a larger beer selection, but i'm not one to tread on a place for something like that.
5	I went here for lunch once and have been dying to go back!   I ordered a cheese pizza and was planning on taking half of it home (I am normally not a pizza person and who eats a whole pizza to themselves?). Instead I ate the entire pizza, I have never done that in my life, but it was so amazingly good I couldn't stop eating it! I need to go back soon and try more items on the menu, the pizza though is fantastic!
2	I took a date here as we both heard good things about it and both of us were craving wine and pizza. We ordered the Marcello (mozzarella, garlic, tomatoes, Parmesan) and the Vegetariana (mozzarella, provolone, caramelized onions and roasted red peppers). We both agreed that the pizzas were just okay, nothing great. It didn't have a lot of flavor and not enough toppings. It wouldn't come close to my top ten pizza places in the city. The restaurant was cool as there were a lot of places to sit outside as well as in. The wine selection was pretty decent as well. Not a fan of the food but maybe I went on an off night. I plan on giving it another shot and possibly order a different pizza with more toppings.
2	At present with a 3.5 star review I feel this place is way overrated.Our apps were burnt, as was the pizza, typical lack of knowledge about wood fire pizza leads to over and undercooked pizzas.  The calzone was a hot pile of salty awful.  The tomato sauce on everything was super acidic and lacked any flavor other than tomato. And it was more expensive than the parlor.  I should also add, our entrees came out at different times, offset by more than five minutes, and our server, even seeing uneaten burnt apps didn't offer an exchange or removal from the bill.  Four at the table, none wanted the burnt app..she asked it we wanted it boxed when it was clearly burnt.  Quality control needs work at this place, we wont be going back. It gets a second star for ambiance, it could have had three maybe if the prices dropped about 35%. Yes that would make it cheap..but it's cheap food with lacking quality.
4	This place is just fantastic.  I went there with my Boyfriend and some out-of-towners for dinner.   We sat outside and the patio was just perfect.  The service was good and the pizza was amazing.  I had the Roma pizza ... minus of the anchovies of course.  The mozzarella was fresh and the dough and sauce were freshly made.   They also have a nice selection of wines and the server was very knowledgably about suggesting parings.   The dessert, well let me say I am still drooling! I had the Dolce Della Casa, essentially it was a calzone filled with homemade Nutella and topped with Bananas, Carmel sauce and vanilla ice cream.   I have recommended Grazie to several people and all have thanked me afterwards!
5	I think that they have the BEST pizza in town!!!! Way better than Pizzeria Bianco!!!!!
4	Been here a half dozen times and it has been very good each time.
4	Grazie is one of two go-to restaurants for the bestie & myself.  We've been coming here for a few years now, all times of day and all times of year.  We always try to aim to sit on the patio, it's uber cute and relaxing.  We started off ordering salads, and while they're okay, I'm glad we bit the carb bullet and started ordering their pizzas. Now we always go straight for the pizza and our favorite wine (they're the only ppl we've found in town that have it by the bottle, to purchase, and by the glass. sorry I can never remember the name - I rely on her!).Our most recent visit included about 10 others, and once again, didn't disappoint. One girl ordered that desert calzone for everyone... Baked pizza dough filled with bananas and Nutella? With mounds of vanilla ice cream on top? HOLY HECK! This is what heaven must taste like!
3	As much as I respect Michael C.'s reviews, I'm not going to give Grazie 4 - 5 stars just because.  The last time my wife and I visited Grazie, we received terrible, unattentive service, and a soggy, less-than-tasty Margherita pizza.  And I'm not trying to exaggerate either - we actually wanted to send the pizza back.I love the idea of a small, nearby, locally owned pizzeria like Grazie, so we'll probably try going there again.  The atmosphere is just what I want a dinner place - dark and intimate - but they have to have good food and service, too.
4	I really dig this place - its a small, charming place that isn't overdone and doesn't take itself too serious...definitely a romantic vibe, and a nice break from a lot of the Old Town restaurants. The wine prices are super cheap, in part because they sell wine for retail prices, and they'll usually let you sample a few wines before you pick your bottle for the evening.For food, I love the house salad with gorgonzola dressing - I'd buy the gorgonzola dressing by the bottle if I could. For pizza, the vegetarian or the 5 cheese pizza are both great - if you love cheese, definitely go for the 5 cheese (cinque formaggi).We've been a few times now and will be back again soon.
4	After a day of shopping at the local mall and with dinner still hours off, a friend and I popped into Grazie (based on a recommendation from a former Phoenix resident) for a snack.  Didn't hurt that my hotel was just up the street.  After a quick review of the menu, pizza seemed the best option and settled on the Capricciosa (Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella, Artichokes, Olives, Mushrooms, Salame, Ham, Parmigiano Reggian).  The pie emerged from the wood fire oven piping hot, with a slightly burnt crust.  It lasted approximately 5 minutes before vanishing into our hungry bellies.  Wine list is all-Italian and well priced, with many by the glass selections.  I opted for a nice Barbera, which was poured generously into a large glass.I'd be a regular if living in the area.
4	9/30/10I can't believe it's been a year and 26 days since I last ate here!  Well, actually I know why it's been so long since I last visited... the lackluster service and measly topping portions kept me away :(  Guess I should visit Grazie on off-hours (around 4-430p), when it's quiet indoors and the pizzaiolo is just happy to prepare a pizza to keep himself busy!  I decided to skip the Cinque Formaggi ("five cheeses") that I "normally" order (well, twice in the past, anyway!) and try the "Complimenti alla Mamma!," which came w/ tomato sauce, mozzarella, mountains of ricotta (LOVE it!), ham, salame, and Parmigiano Reggiano.  Grazie certainly knows how to win my heart w/ its thin-crusts!!  And just look at the amount of ricotta on my pizza!  Loved the ham and the basil leaves, but I really did not enjoy the salame.  (I'd wanted to omit it, but thought I might get to like it.  Pfft!)  Even w/ the salame fail, this pie was so good, it will keep Grazie on my list of go-to pizzerias... way to go!Guess I'll see you next year, Grazie!
5	Five stars, three words: Banana & Nutella Calzone. I have nothing else to say. Ok their pizza and wine is good too. Bring a friend and grab a spoon! Booyah!
2	My wife and I ate  regularly here (weekly) and we thought it was pretty spectacular. However we have noticed that the food quality has regressed markedly and consistently. I do not know if it is a new chef or new ingredients from a different supplier. Too bad....
1	Unfortunately, my experience with this restaurant was very disappointing.  I'm sure their food is tasty but my party and I never even had the opportunity to try it.  I had booked an evening reservation for a group of nine and after arriving (on time and all together) we were escorted to a back table.  Then, a minute later we were asked to wait outside as that table was actually reserved for a larger party who was running behind.  Although a little confused, we all obliged and waited outside of the restaurant.  30 minutes later, still no table.  The staff weren't exceptionally helpful and after asking to speak with the manager (who didn't seem to care much about the situation) we decided to leave.  It was a shame because we were really looking forward to dining there.  I understand that restaurants are often extremely busy for the dinner rush but if you're already overbooked, don't agree to take on another group reservation.  I imagine the service is better during off-peak hours but after our experience, I won't be going back to try it out.
1	This review gets one star in my book, solely based on the ghastly way we were treated by management after already receiving poor service all night.  Here's what happened...About a week prior to our visit, I called and made a dinner reservation for a table of 12 for the following Saturday night.  I requested a table outside, after confirming that there would be ample heaters should it get chilly.  I was told that would be no problem (on all counts), and the reservation was booked.  The day before our dinner, we had one more decide to join us.  I called the restaurant back, requesting that we add one more.  They again assured me that would be no problem, and confirmed the reservation on the patio, now for 13.Three of us arrived at Grazie about 30 minutes prior to our reservation time, expecting to get a glass of wine at the bar while we waited for our group to arrive.  The hostess informed us that the table was ready, and we could just sit there if we wanted.  No problem.  When we get to the table, the only heater close to us was off, so we asked if they could turn it on.  The hostess said she would send someone right out, and that our server would be with us shortly.  Twenty minutes later, the server came over and took our wine and appetizer order (mind you, the heater is still off at this point).  We asked her again if we could have someone turn it on, and she said she'd have someone come over.  Ten minutes later our group began to arrive...and we still hadn't even received so much as a glass of water.  After another 10 minutes or so, the wine and appetizers arrived....but no silverware.   We had to wait another 15 minutes to get our waitresses attention and request silverware, and get the rest of our party's drink orders in.  In addition, we asked for the heater to be turned on again.....Throughout dinner, service was incredibly slow, items were forgotten (my friend ordered a coffee, which came black - with no request of if she would like cream or sugar - and again it took forever to track down the server to get it)...After our 5th or 6th request to have the heater turned on, one member of the table actually went inside to ask someone else if we could get it turned on.  The waitress came back to the table and told us that the propane tank was empty, but they'd have another one moved over to our table (ummm why did they put out a heater with an empty propane tank in the first place??)..again, two or three requests later and the 'new' heater still had not been moved to the table.  All of a sudden, a busboy showed up with a lighter, and lit our ORIGINAL heater - apparently NOT empty, and about an hour and a half late.When we received the bill, an automatic 20% gratuity was added (due to the party's size) which we felt should be disputed based on the horrible service we had received thus far.  So two of us went inside to speak to a manager about our experience.  The owner, a fairly grumpy man, let us get out two words before he started spouting all the defenses he could think of as to why the service was bad...."short staffed, not enough silverware, busier than usual, etc".  Not once was there an apology for the service received.  At one point, he interrupted me (again) to say "what is it you want from me"...I said "i'd like you to at least listen to me.  You haven't let us finish a single sentence yet"....at which point he threw up his arms and said "i don't have time for this.  It's not my fault you had bad service, that's your server's fault".  I have to say, I was incredibly impressed at his quick willingness to throw the server under the bus after already stating they were "short staffed, etc".  He then motioned over a woman who I assume was a manager, although her attitude and statements were beyond unprofessional, and said "you take care of this" (motioning in our direction).  Up to this point, we had been calm, collected and polite, but this was too much.  The woman asked what we needed, and again (one final time) tried to explain the situation and the service we had received.  Without listening to a word, she jumped in and said "I'm sorry, but do you see how busy we are??  We are FUCKING awesome.  Maybe this isn't "Your" kind of establishment".  Our jaws dropped to the floor at the rediculous rudeness and COMPLETE lack of professionalism or customer service we were witnessing.  And let me state for the record that our group consisted of several high profile professionals in the scottsdale area that would potentially take clients there as well.  My friend, pissed beyond believe at this point, stated that we would most likely not be returning if this is how they treated their customers, and that our friends would be doing the same.  She replied with "that's fine with us, clearly you don't belong here".. And when we mentioned that we would be sharing this experience with others via Yelp and word of mouth, she said (sarcastically) "Oh please do"....So here I am.  DONT GO TO GRAZIE.
3	There are so many positives to this restaurant. First, it's absolutely beautiful and I love that I can see the brick oven that you're cooking the pizza in and actually watch the guys make the pizzas by hand, press out the dough, and use that giant wooden thing to put it in the brick oven. It definitely makes for an amazing experience, and I love that they were able to get our whole group in.I just wish the food lived up to everything else! I'm not saying it's not good, it's just not amazing and tastes relatively bland. Some herbs in the pizza dough, or even ON the pizza would go so far because letting the ingredients speak for themselves when you use only average quality ingredients just doesn't make a home run. The cheese and meat plate to start was dissapointing and obviously was a bunch of pre-packaged cheeses and meats that were laid out on a plate with a few olives. In an environment as beautiful as this, at least cut your own? Have a small deli space for it??The pizzas themselves ranged from so crispy it was like eating cheese on a cracker to almost chewy in consistency. It wasnt that pleasant and although we all liked our pizzas no one was "oohing and aahing" over the flavors. Personally, I much prefer Cibo whenever I go to Phoenix, but I'd probably not demand to go to somewhere else if it was chosen again.
4	A fun and relaxing place where you can kick back and not worry about anything but enjoying your meal.Very friendly servers and the owners are usually around which is really nice.   They have a tv behind the bar which is nice to catch the score of whatever game is on.The bruschette miste to start is a must.  Four different kinds of bruschette, traditional tomato, a pesto or white bean drizzled with olive oil, a hearty ragu, and a fantastic sausage topped with provolone. You can each as their own order as well.  The carpaccio salad is also a great start to the meal; it is huge and easily shared between four people.For the pizza, everyone MUST try the Dame Edna at least once.  Mozzarella that bakes into the delicious chewy, thin, and slightly crispy crust topped with fresh arugula, prosciutto, and shaved parmesan.  Drizzle with olive oil right before you eat and it's heaven.  I don't think I've ever been here and not ordered it.The lasagna and beef Spiedini are also nicely done if you don't want pizza.The banana/nutella calzone is out of this world.  Topped with fast melting ice cream you have to eat it quick, but that won't be the reason for scarfing it down.  The panna cotta and tirimisu are also a very good way to end the meal.The wine list is quite extensive and there are many reasonable bottles of wine to choose from.  They have a very nice Nebbiolo by the glass which is hard to find.Lunch is also a great deal as they serve smaller pizzas and wonderful panninis.The patio is great and the restaurant is open air with breakaway doors/walls which adds to the relaxing atmosphere.
4	This is a very popular place, albeit somewhat small, so I recommend either going early or preparing to wait a while for a table. The atmosphere and decor is rustic and interesting. That being said, let me comment about the food.     In a word: wonderful. I frequently begin with the Formaggi Misti, and assortment of cheeses served with grissini and kalamata olives. This is a teriffic appetizer to share!      This is usually followed with the Caprese salad - very simple, but the combination of tomatoes, fresh basil, buffalo mozarella, and extra virgin olive oil does it for me every time.      And if I hadn't had enough sodium, I order the Roma pizza - and extra-thin pizza with more kalamata olives, capers, and anchovies! My mouth waters just writing these lines about it...     Much has been written about the extensive wine list, but let me just say this...you can spend as much or as little; you can find something to satisfy any taste.      I have never experienced a bad meal or poor service at Grazie - in fact, more often that not the evening at Grazie is stellar.      Bottom line: if you're looking for an informal dinner with excellent wine choices, you won't do better in Greater Phoenix.
4	It's been years since I've been to Grazie, but I was pleasantly surprised that this place is still hopping! The service can be slow at times, but it's a great spot for a leisurely date night or dinner with friends. I absolutely love the twinkle lights romantically lighting the courtyard and the cozy and quaint vibe inside. The brick oven keeps the restaurant warm and smelling delicious. The customers are typically vibrant which makes this a lively spot but in a way that allows you to carry on a conversation without your neighbors listening in. For the food, I enjoy one of the bruschettas or bread dishes to start and for pizza, I love the Toscana which is mushroom and sausage. The pizza is thin crust and delicious. This is by far one of my favorite pizza spots and date night destinations in Old Town.
4	I love the feel of this place as soon as you walk in. I have always found the staff to be very friendly and the food and wine are great.I have been to Italy at least 7 times and the pizza here is as authentic as it gets! I would recommend......hang on......are you ready for this? The Vegetarian Pizza with Sausage added. I know, I know.....there is a reason for this. The veggies on this pizza are carmelized. Carmelized veggies and sausage are sent from heaven.It is a great place for a casual date night.
5	This place is awesome.  Everything from the appetizers to the salad's and on to the pizza's!   Also an all Italian  wine list which anyone can find a wine they would love!!!     The place is truly one place you should visit!
4	very nice staff, great wine selection, and incredible food.have been going there for 5 years, have had one bad experience out of 40.
5	Grazie has some really delicious pizza, and its Italian wine offerings are top notch for most price ranges.They also have an incredible dessert called "Dolce Della Casa" which is a semi-salty calzone stuffed with banana and drizzled with a hazelnut chocolate sauce.Their wine tastings are also really great: for $25 you can get a bunch of great appetizers.  We tasted 8 wines (I had never tasted any of these) during the last one, and I really liked 6 of them.
5	We had a party of 12 here for dinner this past Saturday night. Food and service were great. I think apart from Bianco's they are the best pizza in town!There is a very good Italian focused wine list, and a great fun atmosphere. This is a great place for a casual evening or group event.
4	I ate here awhile back, and it was a nice evening. Pizza & wine with the girls. Good crust & flavor.
4	I love this place. Convenient location, friendly and fast service. The pizza was fantastic, and their wine selection was simple yet extensive. They also have wine specials and a larger outdoor patio that is sorta hidden. This place is adorable and I love coming here on a laid back evening.
5	Best pizza in town. Grazie's is fantastic. I have had pizza all over the place and this is a good place. The owner is always around greeting people and serving wine, the pace is very cute and really the food is great. The pizza is very good and true to Neapolitan pizza! He use to use 00 flour but now uses regular and the quality IMO did not change that much to not go back. Nothing more I can say except this is real pizza. Pizzeria Bianco which is suppose to be all this and that is a Joke, the lines are stupid, the people are stupid, stupid for waiting and I can say it is not as good as grazies plus you get right in to enjoy the pizza! Dont' waste your time with other places, this is it.
4	Loved it! I went on Sunday evening with my boyfriend and we got the livingsocial deal for pizza & sangria which were both fantastic.  We also ordered a salad which was delish but if you don't like a lot of salad dressing be sure to order the dressing on the side, it was quite a lot.  We were so busy enjoying our food that a little dust storm blew through and we hardly noticed (even though we were sitting outside.)  My only complaint would be that service was a little slow but it's a quaint, quiet atmosphere that is not packed with hostesses and servers jostling everywhere so, in my opinion, the quiet evening (with fantastic food) was completely worth waiting a little longer for service :) This is a great place for a date night or a girls night, check it out!
5	Best food, wine and service in town!
1	During dinner a cockroach crawled up the wall right next to our table. The service was horrible! The bruschetta was bland and one of our pizzas were burnt and had to be sent back. The margarita pizza tasted like it had canned tomato sauce on it. At the end of dinner, I went to use the restroom and it looked as though it had not been clean in months. It's in a great location with great potential but the owner/manager is not doing their job. This place was a complete let down!
5	The food was excellent, the wine selection was excellent, & the service was EXCELLENT!  I had a scavenger hunt going for my boyfriend the night I went, because he LOVES their dessert, and the entire staff was VERY willing to help me out.  The server brought the present/next clue out with the dessert.  Everyone from the guy who answered the phone to take the reservation to the hostess to the server were very friendly and offered excellent customer service.  The food was delicious - we had a cheese & meat appetizer, with a sausage, mushroom, & mozzarella pizza, followed by the Dolce for dessert.  Everything was fantastic, but that Dolce was TO DIE FOR.  YUM!  Highly recommend this place. : )
5	I went to Grazie for Valentine's day, which can often be a difficult time to be a vegetarian (with all the prixe fixe menus full of the romantically dead lobsters and cows).  My boyfriend had reservations for us at a wonderful vegetarian friendly place only to find out that they would not be offering a vegetarian option for Valentine's day.  (Nothing says "I love you" like "you can't eat here").  This left him scrambling to find another place to eat, and he stumbled upon the vegetarian friendly Grazie.As we approached the restaurant, you could hear how full of life and energy it was, even for such a typically quiet, romantic night.  I'm not one for an overly stuffy restaurant, so I love it.  There was a beautifully lit patio that stretches around the building completed with a large fireplace on the side.The wine list was presented first, which was actually something of a disappointment from someplace calling themselves a wine bar.  I'll drink just about anything, and I liked the way it was arranged, but they were definitely lacking in a few more options.  However, we did enjoy a nice glass of Spanish chardonnay that went well with our food for the evening.To begin, we chose the cheese platter, which was worth every penny of the $15 price.  Unaware of what exactly to expect (the menu did not list the cheeses), we were pleasantly surprised to find the 5 or 6 different kinds of cheeses presented in generous portions.  This certainly was not the skimpy cheese plates I'm used to.  However, because there was SO much cheese, we felt that it was almost overkill without some tomatoes or bread to cut the the richness.  (I'll never complain about too much cheese though).For our meal, we split the Marcello pizza, which was delicately seasoned with garlic and topped with Roma tomatoes.  The crust was thin and crispy and held up well to the rich sauce.Overall, Grazie is a place that I would recommend and visit again for some indulgent food and a beautiful ambiance.
4	My girl and I (who each work at a fine dining restaurant) were not only impressed but truly blown away by almost every facet of this place. The service: She was attentive, food came out fast, was friendly, and made us feel welcome. She also recommended a wine for us that is our new favorite white: Trebbiano.The food: Absolutely delicious. We split an appetizer sampler and for the most part everything that was on the plate was outstanding. The prosciutto covered figs were great, as was the bruschetta. Then our pizzas came out and i must say it might be the best pizza i have had in the greater phoenix area. It was amazing. Desert was also good, but i don't really have much of a sweet tooth.Overall: The atmosphere was nice, patio seating was beautiful, wine list was amazing, service GREAT, and the food was phenomenal.Thank you Grazie for a great evening.
4	Made my first trip to Grazie on a work lunch outing. All I can rate is the food and location, since we sat outside for about an hour when it was slow.The group ordered a couple plates of the same salad, which were fresh, light, and not filling. I already forgot what pizza I had, but it had kalamata olives, ham, pep, and cheese...and it was amazing. Let me tell you. I've had real "pizza" in Naples, Italy, and this was one of the closest pizzas I've had to that. It seems to be in a pretty prime location as well. Good first experience, and am planning on bringing the fiance for a visit.
4	DeliciousHave been here twenty times and have had only one time where it wasn't great. Great outdoor patio.Also have great wine tastings that are reasonable and a lot of fun on Saturdays and Sunday.  Friendly owner that works very hard to make his restaurant one of the best in Scottsdale.
3	I learned about Grazie through a Groupon, but I don't think that I will be a repeat customer...The interior is very small and has a cozy atmosphere, but for some reason the staff left the door propped open all night (and it was one of those rare freezing nights in Phoenix) which made it super cold - all the diners had their heavy outdoor coats still on.  Maybe that's a trick to get you to drink more and warm up?The vegetarian pizza was very rich and flavorful, although the caramel onions were almost TOO sweet.  The 12 inch is a little small to split between two people, we should have ordered an appetizer to fill us both up.
5	I have been here a couple times now and both times it has been great. This is a really cozy little restaurant with good food. It is extremely home made, hand tossed pizza fired in a brick oven. Make sure to try the house wine. It is extrememly delicious and was so popular it sold out last night!
4	Came here on a Thursday night and it was quite busy!  Maybe all the snow birds are still in town.  I made rezs and we arrived early,yet they had no plan as to where we sit. We ended up sitting on the Patio. Which would be nice in the summer or spring but , a bit chilly for Jan.    They had 2 heaters outside.  However, we were just a little to far away to feel them.     We ordered a pitcher of the red Sangria wine, which they said they were out, but alass when they saw how dissappointed we were they made more!     We were very happy about that so that gives them extra points.        However, the Sangria was loaded with ice and there was ice in the wine glasses as well which made us even more cold.  Skip the ice when it is in the 40's outside.    We had the large Capresse salad which was excellant...The basil and cheese were huge and very tasty. Pizza was absolutly divine! Great crust ,wonderful mushrooms , and excellant Italian Sausage.                                                                                      Bathrooms were clean and parking can be a bit of a challenge.   Lacks a bit of atmosphere. The busboys were very attentive i give them extra points as well they were really working hard.
5	I've been a Grazie fan for a few years now and I definitely don't go there as much as I should!I love the quaint, cozy atmosphere and enjoy eating inside or on the patio. Their Emiliana salad and Dolce Della Casa dessert (sweet calzone filled with nutella, bananas and ice cream) are amazing. As far as pizzas, I've never tasted one I didn't like here. On my most recent visit, I had the Toscana and it was great!I've been here on dates, with girlfriends and large groups for birthdays and bachelorette dinners and would recommend Grazie to anyone!
4	BEST PIZZA IN PHX! If you are craving great Pizza at a nice little place in Phx, Garzi is the place for you.My guy and I are food fanatics and he loves Italian so he was recommended by an Italian colleague to try this place. Pizza was unmistakeable great and probably better than Pizzeria Delfina in San Francisco which was THE place for us till now. Though it is in Phx, the prices are not the average phx prices but the taste totally validates charging that much. Could have given 5 stars but our server was a little uptight.
5	What I love about Grazie....1) It's in the old town area so you can go out after, but not  an "old town touristy"  restaurant which I like.2) Sunday wine tasting!!!  Usually around $20 and you get apps, maybe 5 tastings and to sit outside.3) Sausage bruschetta4) You can enjoy the company of your friends without getting hassled to eat & leave.5) Nutella calzone with vanilla bean ice cream!!! love love love
3	Went here for a bachelorette party (yeah, we were the loud group of 9 gals) on a Sat night; Our server, Tommy, was great (5 starts) - he was friendly, quick, and got our orders and checks split properly.  I felt bad for him because we one of those obligatory token drunk girls (not the bride-to-be, thankfully) with us being completely loud and obnoxious .. he just smiled pleasantly and did his job - Kudos to Tommy!The ambiance is nice and it was a nice setting for our little intimate event.  The menu was quite pizza-centric, but when is that a bad thing?  I liked how their crust was really thin and crunchy and they had quite a selection of pizzas and wines.  Note however that when one of my friends ordered 'just a merlot', the waitress (another girl helping out) brought out a $10+ glass of Merlot.. not the 'house' Merlot, but a premium Merlot.  Nice job there.Here's where the minus stars come in:-1) Ordered a macchiato.  This was bitter and astringent, a sign that the beans were under-extracted.-1) Our Toscano pizza was not impressive with the flavor nor the ingredients... it lacked in unity and harmony of flavor.I think I could give this place another shot, however... since I rarely venture in to Scottsdale for dinner, I'm not sure I'll get another chance in the near future.  In short, I've had better and it was OK for me.
4	The pizza here is very yummy. It must be the delicious thin and flavorful crusts baked to perfection. I got the skewered meat that was succulent and juicy. The pizza was  crispy, sweet (due to the carmelized onions), and salty. The service was also wonderful. They took great care of us. The best part was the dessert. A huge calzone stuffed with banana and nutella, topped with vanilla. I got a spoon just so I could get as much of the deliciousness as possible.
2	Wine list was great, however I would say service was absent.  I figure the food would make up for the service considering other yelp reviews but again was disappointing.  Prices are a bit high for the quality of food, I felt the dishes are a bit amature.  Bruschetta seemed like it was made with toast and pana cotta was comparable to a store bought mix from a box.  If you are looking for old world Itallian food I suggest going else where.
5	Why I love Grazie:1. Family owned and ran. Maurizio (the owner) is a super nice Italian man and knows how to run a great restaurant. His daughter is a waitress, her boyfriend is the bartender. All in all a wonderful family feel. 2. Italian classes taught by Maurizio. Learn a new language and drink wine at the same time.3. The food. Order anything with the carmelized onions. The "steak on a stick" (Speidini al Forno) is insanely good. The vesuvius calzone/pizza thing truly is a giant volcano of deliciousness.4. The atmosphere is casual but classy at the same time. Beautiful patio, quaint bar, candlelit tables.
5	Yelp's good reviews actually encouraged me to try this place and I was not disappointed!It's small and tucked in behind Goldwater Blvd and has a great "locals only" vibe. Food was delicious - between 4 of us we had a meat & cheese sampler appetizer ($16 i think), large caesar salad (large salad is more than enough for a table of 4), 2 pizzas (price range is around $13-16) and 2 bottles of wine. That was enough to make us miserably full!But of course we had to try that nutella calzone, so we ordered a small one, thinking we'll just have a small bite each. The thing is.. their small calzone is really gigantic! It's waaay too big even for 2 people, so have that in mind. Although it was incredibly delicious!
1	The food here was rather disappointing. My friend and I shared the misto platter (assortment of cheeses and meats). It came with two types of cheese (one edible, one chalky and flavorless) and three types of meet (the salami was alright, the other two were not). Although the appetizer platter was generous (which is good because it cost $15) there wasn't much on it worth eating. The sandwich was alright, but the pizza was greasy and ungenerous (it seemed like it was pre-made, frozen, then cooked). The only upshot is the nice outdoor seating and great wine menu, with reasonably priced glasses. If I came back here again, which I doubt I will, I would just stick to the wine. Lastly, the waitress was nice and helpful, but she also complained to us about some of the other customers at the restaurant, which was quite awkward.
4	Ate here for the first time this weekend. First of the 95+ degree weather and we saw misters on their patio! DONE! It was nice and breezy and with the water mist we felt relaxed  eating outside. I have to give props to our server who was taking orders AND cooking, I believe he was the owner. The food was delicious, I got the calzone (all cheese) the $5 sangria was great, after 1 glass I walked away a little tipsy. Perfect after noon lunch place!
1	I have eaten at Grazies numerous times over the past couple of years and there pizza is fantastic! However, last night as my wife, son and mother-in-law made our way back once again we were disgusted as a baby German cockroach started crawling across our table from where our appetizer sat.  I was so disgusted, but out of respect for other patrons I stopped the waitress in the back and showed her the roach that I had smashed with my napkin.  Her reply was simply, "oh, sorry about that".  I was taken off guard at her carelessness and inattention to the situation.  I decided to walk around for a bit with my son and I started to notice the restaurant becoming less maintained. For example, the men's bathroom was destroyed, many of the track lighting was out throughout the restaurant, only half of the candles were lit on the table and dust covered almost every wine bottle at the entrance. I normally would have never paid attention, but the cockroach made me look at everything. Toward the end of the evening I was expecting to be compensated for the meal, but they only took off the appetizer and my beer. I was once again dumbfounded at the disregard for the situation. As I began to sign the check, we see another cockroach crawling down the wall next to us.  This time we all got up from the table and told another waitress who once again was numb to the situation. With that said, I can honestly say I would never eat there again and will take my business elsewhere.
5	Have you ever noticed the people who give the worst reviews are using groupon, living social or some other type of coupon. When will restaurant owners ever learn people don't appreciate under priced food. They don't see it as a value they just see it as cheap. As for Grazie they have simply the best pizza you will find. If you are in Old Town Scottsdale and can only eat at one place you must choose Grazie
5	I absolutely LOVE having pizza and a caesar salad on the patio with a fab glass of wine here. By far, my most favorite pizza is with prosciutto and arugula, but the margherita is wonderful as well. I don't even like to tell people about this place because it is one of my favorite, not super-popular places so it is not very busy when we go. : ) It is very casual and laid back plus the staff is knowledgeable and the wine selection is superb.
5	like everyone says, this place is a hidden gem in oldtown!  Reminds me of restaurants in Italy. once you are inside, you will litterally think you could be there!The pizzas are delic and quite large. Have had several types and all have been delicious.  In addition, they will do half and half if you cant make up your mind on the ingredients (how awesome is that??!!) We always order their caesaer. Its one of the best we have had anywhere in the world. None fo their other salads can compareGo for the atmosphere, good priced meal and delicious pizzas/salad!
3	Although we were a large party, that is no excuse to stick us in a dark corner.  Yes, the pizza was very good.  But dessert was not up to snuff.  The panna Cotta was so buried in coca powder that you could not find the true dessert.  We scraped off some and yes they were better.  But when you walk away from a $410 dollar dinner for 9 you would expect to be sooo fat and sassy.
4	In a town that has Pomo and Bianco it is hard for the second tier players to get the attention of the Valley's pizza lovers.  After months of neglecting this place I gave it a shot. Although it shares the same techniques that distinguish the Neapolitan craft the pizza comes off with a slightly distinct flair.  It is unique enough to stand out and merit a visit every now and again.
1	I have been a fan of Grazie for quite some time as I live very close by and I absolutely love their pizza.  My family and I go there and order out quite often, but after our last visit I don't think we will be back, unfortunately. For the first time, I ordered a cheese platter - I was just in the mood.  When it arrived I was a little disappointed - but the hard parmesan was good so I ate a little of everything.  That's when I noticed mold growing on some of the cheese.  A light bluish/tinted fuzziness that one would not normally catch if they were chatting with someone and enjoying a glass of wine.  I was so shocked.  I literally got this queezy feeling in my stomach like I was going to vomit.  I mentioned it to my waiter who questioned me for a second, looked and took the plate. I informed him I didn't want another one and he took it off my bill.  I honestly thought a manager/owner was going to approach me and say something like "I'm so sorry for what happened, rest assured I'll be checking everything in the back and please your meal is on us!" type of thing. But NO! The platter was not mentioned after that.  This was something unsanitary served to a customer and ingested by said customer!  I'm literally getting sick thinking about it right now!  The add insult to injury my knife had a dry piece of residual spinach/basil or lettuce stuck to it.  Talk about unsanitary!  Ugh...at the end of the meal (which we took to go) we got our bill minus the inedible cheese platter, paid and left! Althought Grazie makes one of my favorite pizzas of all time, I will never again return.  To me - this incident was unforgivable.  I hope they will change whatever policy they have in terms of checking the freshness of their ingredients and produce.  And they also change their policy on customer service in situations such as this.
2	Went there for a salad today, salad was wonderful.....but was quickly ruined by the site of a cockroach crawling on the wall.  A couple seconds later one was crawling on our table.  Granted there was some construction going on next door, and the door was open, so maybe they just came in from outside.  It doesn't help that the place is very dusty inside, makes you think the bugs are justifiable.  Too grossed out to go back.
5	I've been back a couple times since my last review and it is safe to say the pizza is still amazing!  I have ventured out to salads and their famous dulce dessert (I highly recommend it!) and have never been disappointed.
5	I am big fan of Grazie's, and even in summer when you really don't want to be inside near that wood-fired oven!   A very nice selection of pizza toppings and other great pastas, salads and deserts. There is no excuse to go to Oregano's when Grazie is right down the street.
4	Love Grazie. They have, in my opinion, the best italian-style pizza in the valley. I made my way through most of the pizza menu. I love the complimenti alla mama, the vegetariana, and the sofia. i think their crust is what does it for me. Its so thin, and crispy, but still soft and chewy, and has the perfect seasonings. Their marinara sauce is also really, really good! This place is totally a hidden gem, even though its crazy on the weekends, it's completely dead on weeknights. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because their menus are always really dirty, and some of the servers are kind of a-holes. They also seem to only want to cater to large parties on the weekends, so if you show up for a date you'll most likely get an awful table. But the pizza is so good it almost makes up for it!
4	We really enjoyed the Insalata della Casa with Balsamic Vinaigrette and the Toscana pizza, we really enjoy a thin "cracker" like crust. The white Sangria was a disappointment though, it was not very sweet and tasted weak & watered down. All in all a good dining experience. We will return to try out other fare.
4	Grazie is a very good place for pizza!  And the ambiance is wonderfully cozy.  It's especially nice on evenings outside on the patio.  Their salads are large and delicious also.  But the reason for 4 stars is because a couple of times the pizza was burnt.  Not good!  But when its cooked just right, its fabulous.
5	Very cute little wine bar.  The pizza is almost as good as Gramalies.  The desert calzone is the most amazing thing you'll ever taste.  Fresh baked calzone stuffed with banannas and nutella then topped with vanilla ice cream.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Grazie - very cool pizza and wine bar in Old Town.  The pizza is fresh and delicious.  Their Italian wines are interesting and reasonably priced.  Their nutella dessert calzone is to die for.
2	Grazie, I've loved you for so long, but this past weekend sucked!We had a party of 20 on 8/25 and I am really surprised you assigned a new waitress to our table. Not only did she not know the menu, she offered up a split check when we knew better and were prepared to pay one check. The topper is she couldn't handle splitting the check and freaked out/cried. We did not get it?? Why offer??Bottles of wine and orders were messed up to a point she started avoiding our table. I am super surprised the owner (yes you behind the wine bar) did not step in sooner. It was a giant mess and an embarrassment to speak so highly and to have the service turn out so terribly.Your food and wine selection are great, but I hope you fix how you assign new servers. We would have preferred one of your daughters for a big table like ours!You are not the only place in town with decent pizza. We would appreciate if you could get your service staff together so we can trust your place again!
5	Grazie's is so under rated.  I know all the other fantastically rated pizzerias in town and I'm always amazed that Grazie's isn't mentioned like the others.  Being a finicky Italian I know what good Italian is and wow they are it.  I'm just going to have to tell you that you must try it to believe it. I also tried this crazy dessert with pizza dough, banana's, ice cream and chocolate.  OMG it was amazing.  I love that they have the wood fired oven right there for you to watch what is going on.  I love the expansion of the patio too.  Definitely take your out of town guests to this hidden gem.
4	so good, love coming here!  so quaint and great food.  we always save room for dessert-nutella and banana's in a calzone crust with vanilla ice cream :) yum!!!  The service was good, we could tell it was slammed for just 2 servers to manage on a thursday, but good thing we were in the mood for a leisurely dinner ;) can't wait to come back!
4	I like Grazie, it's a great little pizza and wine spot to have a nice dinner date. We ordered a pitcher of Sangria and shared a Complimenti alla Mamma pizza which was thin crusted and flavorful. I am a big fan of Ricotta cheese and the meats were quality also. But put aside the yummy sangrias and pizza, the dessert is the main event. You MUST get the Dulce Della Casa which is a sweet calzone with nutella and bananas in it, and a huge scoop of vanilla ice cream to go with it! WOW!! Me and the bf have decided we are going to come back here just to have friends try the dessert, it's amazing. The ambiance is classy although it can get a bit loud.
5	Service was very good, and the Pizza was amazing. Comes out of a brick oven, thin crust and very, very good. I just discovered this place last week. Its a hidden Gem in Old Town Scottsdale. Will go ther eat least once a month, the Pizza was that good.
4	Yum, yum, yum ... Can't believe it took me so long to get here!  My girl Toni has been telling me to get my fanny here for some time and now I understand!  I've been here twice now with the bf and its been a hit both times. We've had 3 of the pizzas and the bruschetta assortment between our 2 visits. I am a big fan of that 5 cheese pizza... the sweet, mild ricotta, provolone and the tangy gorgonzola are a hit with the usual mozzarella and parmesan.  If you see one, pick up the Groupon for a pitcher of sangria and pizza for only $15; its a steal!!  We've had their red sangria on both visits and I'm not sure we'll ever be brave enough to try the white ... the red is that good!  There's no music that I recall and only one small tv, so its nice to not have your date distracted by a sporting event. ;)  Its a small restaurant, but they have lots of patio seating that is sure to be a hit with the weather cooling off!  Highly recommend this spot for date night or casual dinner with a group of friends.
1	Oh where to start..... Went here last weekend on a Friday and the place was maybe 10% full. Yet I was asked why I did not have reservations. *looking around* are you serious?? They had like 20 plus tables that were not even a third were filled throughout the whole evening. The patio had so much potential, however having no lighting I was not the only one struggling to see the menu. By the end of the night we were lit by a cell phone glow of people around us trying to read their menus. How romantic!Drinks: The extremely watered down sangria that tasted like white grape juice with A SINGLE canned peach slice stuck to the bottom. Just nasty. Even the water smelled like mildew and I didn't dare touch the dried out lemons.Appetizer: My fiance ordered the Fiaggi Misti (meat and cheese assortment, supposedly) It consisted of Oscar Meyer look a like garlic bologna, even worse "sopressatta" that looked like a hunk of fat, and two choices of tiny pieces of dried out cheeses. Oh yes, let us not forget the store bought bread sticks brought out in their packaging still, on top of the assortment still in the damn wrappers, stuck between 3 kalamata olives. What the hell do I do with all the wrappers now? Beyond disgusting. Worst part is that they charge $15 for the damn thing!! Dinner: Now I enjoy my pizza well done. I just do. Don't ask, just make it happen, ok??! The Toscana pizza that we ordered, was neither well done, and had Wal-Mart quality ingredients. Terrible mozzarella, soggy whole mushrooms, and bland sausage with zero fennel, whatsoever. The sauce was more of a bland paste than a sauce. Waiting 35+ minutes for the bill when asked several times ensured the zero likely-hood of us ever returning. EVER. But with two servers for the entire place, what did we expect?
4	we used a groupon, we could not justify the cost without it. we watch our money and don't  eat out expensively.but we like trying new things, especially if they are authenticate, which i'm sure this was.it wasn't busy, just after noon on saturday. the owner was business like even though he knew he wasn't going to make a lot of money with such cheap people.the pizza was very new to me, apparently wood fired oven, very thin crust, very little tomato, very little cheese, eggplant and other vegies. i liked the flavor, but i'm large and the pizza was small. i've obviously adapted to american style food- lots of mass, little in taste.i'd love to be able to cook at home like this. i'm going to try. maybe that is the best thing to happen there, i'd like to cook like he did.thank you to the owner for running the groupon, i hope residents can discover his authenticate taste with them and return. for us it was a major splurge.nice sangria. glad driver limited to very little. too sweet to taste alcohol content.
5	Some seriously tasty pizza.  Felt like I was back in Italy again.  Love that they have pizza marinara listed right on the menu, which is an excellent option for vegan folks!
5	I am in love with Grazie. My sister and I discovered this place after we returned from our trip to Italy. We were ecstatic to find authentic wood fired Italian pizza. I would highly recommend this place if you crave fresh pizza with a fantastic wine selection.
3	Hmm, a bit disappointed. I had been here several times when I used to live in Scottsdale, but that was 3+ years ago, and I must say that I think things have gone downhill here. The bruschetta toppings on the combination platter were odd for the most part, with the exception of the traditional fresh tomatoes and basil, which was delicious and worth mentioning. The provolone on the sausage bruschetta was excessive and the overall combination of flavors just didn't work. The pesto bruschetta was SUPER garlic-heavy, even for someone like me who loves garlic. I couldn't finish either of the latter types of bruschetta. Onto the main course - pizza. Had the Toscana, which has mozzarella, tomato sauce, mushrooms, and sausage. The crust was burnt and flavorless and the toppings just seemed kind of bland and strangely old-tasting. I mean, not fresh. Weird, I know. I sort of liked the red sangria, but it was a somewhat odd twist on sangria, as it was pretty sweet and not very strong. I am sorry, Grazie. I am spoiled by having had the best pizza on earth in Chicago and am too excited to try the other acclaimed pizza joints in Phoenix/Scottsdale to return to your restaurant.
3	Visited on October 28. There was a rehearsal dinner going on outside at the same time as our dinner.  Lots of confusion. Dawn our server was very attentive and apologetic. 4 stars for the food, but the chairs, tables and overall patio appearance was absolutely filthy.Chairs, tables and menus were full of soot! Patio concrete needed steam cleaning. Restaurant should be grateful there is a shortage of health inspectors.  We would like to return to this place but not until it is scrubbed cleaned.
3	Interesting bruchetta platter, nice selection of toppings for pizzas and decent wine list.  Walked right in on a Friday night.
4	Came with a group of friends, and sat outside.  Several of their outdoor heaters weren't working, but we made do.  I had the Fornarina Caprese - imagine a thin pizza crust with a pile of chopped caprese salad on top.  Tasty, but a little heavy handed on the seasoning.  Portions were generous all around, food came out pretty quickly considering the number of people we had (about 12 or 13).
4	Been going here since it opened. Owner-managed, authentic cooking techniques, with interesting modern variations. The oven is an authentic Vesuvio brick oven, imported from Italy. The owner is there on-site a lot and sometimes even running the oven. Most of the staff has been around for years and years. Love the Emiliana salad, all the pizzas, and the Dolce della Casa is decadent. Try the scamorza if you are a serious cheese lover and all the other deserts are amazing as well. This pizza is just as good as Pizzeria Bianco on its best day, more consistent, and have never had a long wait. Great atmosphere and superb outdoor dining. The servers are really friendly, gorgeous, and the owner's fluffy white puppy sits attentively on a bar stool, watching all the action behind the bar while soccer is probably playing on the TV.
2	Meh..The pizza is barely decent and all 3 times I have been here, part of the crust was burnt to the point were it could not be eaten. Twice with family (they picked the restaurant, once with my fiancee).The first 2 times with family. The service was decent, until the owner of the place, not only ran out of the wine that my fiancee asked for (Resiling), but in a sad attempt to cover it up, tried to redirect her choice of wines by saying that the Reisling they serve would be much different from what she was used to; as if the owner knew anything about my fiancees experience in wine. After my fiancee declined the few wines the owner kept trying to push, the owner finally admitted that she was out of Reisling. All this over an insulting 3 minute period?On to the pizza.Burnt Crust and uninspired changes to a centuries old tradition.We visited this place after coming back from our 3rd trip to Italy (sicily, Rome & Naploli) and wow. Why reinvent the wheel?Italy has a ton of pizzas, all with individual names. None of the regular Italian named pizzas match up with what they serve at Grazie. They changed everything.An Americana pizza for example has french fries on it. (Strange to us, but normal in Italy. Just an example though) Everywhere in Italy, no matter where you go, if you order an Americana, you will get fries on your pizza. Not so at Grazie.Oh, they have an Americana, but rather than fries, it is completely unrelated to the Italian standard. They made up their own pizzas and named them after typical pizzas found throughout Italy. Nothing matches up.I ordered the cinque formaggi (in Italy it is the quattro formaggi)Terrible. The entire bottom was burnt, and the cheese was covered in a thin layer of grease. A hint that they use cheap cheese.Insults, burnt crust and a flare for unoriginal pizzas with the wrong names?No thank you.. I honestly would prefer Papa Johns pizza over this atrocity.
1	We used to love Grazie. We used to frequent both locations when they had North Scottsdale too. Our last 3 visits -YES we gave em 3 shots after a truly unacceptable experience- the service has been atrocious and the food average at best. No one in the place and dirty tables, no one to greet you and when you are finally acknowledged, a grunt to take a table. Waited again over 15 minutes for anyone to even give us menus. I don't know where their lovely daughter Sam has gone but she needs to return and rescue this sinking ship fast.
4	Great pizza! I came here twice, both times with a Groupon, and was not disappointed. I had tomatoes and really enjoyed their caprese salad. I've tasted the Americana and Cinque Formaggi which were both great. I especially love the atmosphere and the patio is perfect when the weather is right. It is somewhere I have highly recommended since and will certainly visit again.
1	Went to Grazie Pizzeria today at 2:30PM with my wife and 5 year old daughter (well after the 12PM rush). They had 2 or 3 people working and no one even came out to seat us for at least 5 minutes. Once we were seated, another 5 minutes went by until someone (a busboy, I think) even acknowledged us and brought menus. 15 minutes later, still no one acknowledging us (mind you, lots of empty, un-bussed tables, no visible wait staff, owner milling around inside) so we got up and left, completely unnoticed. Unbelievable neglect for any business whose #1 priority needs to be its customers.
4	My boyfriend and I had dinner here - it is a pretty small, quaint restaurant. It's got a very intimate, cozy, date feel to it.We ordered the vegetarian pizza and scamorza with mushrooms. The pizza was really tasty, a great combo of sweet caramelized onions and peppers. The pizza was fairly large, I could only eat one slice.The scamorza was basically a skillet of cheese with sauteed mushrooms on top of it. It was really cheesy, but tasty. I'm pretty sure this shaved a year or two off my life expectancy though, so I won't be ordering it again.I'll be back for a pizza date night!
2	My family and I went to Grazie's for dinner with a Groupon.  On our first attempt, we could not be seated as the restaurant was so busy.  So the following time, we called ahead of time and reserved a table for 6.  We showed up at the reservation time only to be told that they did not have us down.  However, after consulting with a person who looked like the owner, we were told that they had not understood the name and sat us at a table that was appropriate for 4 people, but not for 6!  Anyway, we sat down and waited for a while, until the waiter came to take our order.  The place was so loud that waiters and us had a difficult time communicating.  Meantime, I had discovered that my chair was wiggly beyond my comfort zone, and then my father (an elderly man) showed me that his chair was unglued at the junction of the seat and the leg.  I requested new chairs for the two of us and they were given to us in a not so friendly manner.  When the pizzas arrived, there was no room to place them on the table, because this pizzeria does not use pizza stands and as I said, we were in too small a table!  However, we managed, and ate.  The pizzas were tasty, not great, but not bad either.  One of them had a burnt crust.  During our whole experience (and especially during the chair incident) I kept on glancing toward the "owner".  He avoided my eyes and of course never approached our table!  The GROUPON that we presented at payment was applied in the most profitable way for Grazie (a $4 difference that could have made a great difference in customer satisfaction!).  Oh well, we are never going back to Grazie...
3	The food and service was okay. Nothing less, nothing more.
5	i don't know if it was a slow night, but when we came here last in 2011, you had to wait to be seated, the place would be packed. not so much anymore. i guess that's the life of a scottsdale restaurant. some things don't change and the nutella banana calzone is just as delicious as ever. service was excellent, and from what i remember, the pizza's are divine!
1	I went to Grazie with my family, visiting from out of town. It was cold out that eve so I requested the front door be closed. The waitress told me, "We are supposed to keep it open." Not a very accommodating voice or comment. I looked around and the only reason I could see for this was that the woodfired oven is in the direct path of the air from the front door. GOD FORBID THE COOK GET HOT while he is making our pizza. We, and the other patrons ate pizza with our COATS ON. Really? The pizza isn't as good as it used to be. And the service BLOWS.
4	Great spot!  Friendly, knowledgable service.  Great food and great wine!
5	Oh my goodness I am in love with this place!  After moving to the area and passing by numerous times, I bit the bullet and made a last minute reservation for 2.  I'm pretty sure I called at 6:45 on a Friday and they had a table for me at 8...perfect amount of time to fix my makeup and walk over.  We arrived at a very busy, yet almost casual vibe.  I gave them my name, and we were seated right in the middle of the restaurant(and right in the middle of the action).  Now let me preface by saying I am kind of a snob when it comes to seating in a restaurant.  If they put me all the way in the back, anywhere near the bathroom or kitchen doors, I will usually tell them I will wait at the bar with a cocktail while I wait for another table.  But tonight, I felt like we lucked out with the best table in the house!Once seated, we ordered a nice bottle of Cab, and the sausage bruschetta for $10.  Shortly after, we ordered the Complimenti alla Mamma pizza, which consists ofTomato Sauce, Mozzarella, Ricotta, Ham,Salame, Parmigiano Reggiano for $15.After waiting for what seemed like a longer amount of time than normal for an appy to arrive, the pizza came to our table.  When we brought the issue up to the waiter, he had totally forgot to order it, and immediately put it in for us, and on the house.  The pizza is to die for.  Since then, I have ordered this pizza for take out, and it is amazing every time.  The ricotta is fresh and delicious, the salame and ham bring a saltiness to the pizza, and the crisp crust makes it the best pizza I have had in Arizona.  The total came to $36, not bad for a whole pie, appy, and a nice bottle of red.  I will be walking my little arse here again and again to enjoy this lovely, wood fired pizza.  Only thing is, I dont know if I could even try a different pizza than the Mamma....IT IS SOOOOO GOOOD.  OMG Nom I'm hungry now.  Salivating.  Arrrgg.
1	We only went to Grazie because we had a Groupon. This was the filthiest restaurant I have ever been too. Every table was COVERED with dirty dishes and food. Our pizza was horrible. I would have rather had a frozen pizza at home. Never again.  I am sorry for the harsh review but it was really that bad.
5	Great thin crust pizza comparable to what i have had in Italy. Off the beaten path but so worth it. Beautiful outdoor seating and a huge wine list, great for a date or night out with friends.
4	Excellent pies and a cozy atmosphere as well.
5	Mad props to Grazie. My husband and I went for lunch. We had an expired Groupon, but the owner didn't mind the expiration date and still honored the deal. We ordered two pizzas and a pitcher of sangria. The sangria is phenomenal--fruity and strong. The pizzas were crazy good. Nice heaps of ricotta, peppers, and sausage on one and tasty prosciutto and arugula on the other.The service was great--as it should be because the place was dead. The decor is cute and I definitely want to return for dinner hours and enjoy the great looking patio. Also, they have Nutella in bulk in the prep area, so I want to get into whatever that's on.
4	I love that place! Casual yet romantic yet cozy. The outdoor fireplace and the lighting is great and makes the ambiance.Our service was great and the food was awesomeBonus, they have gluten free dough yay!!I have been there twice and will go back!
5	One of the best pizza places in town, if not the best. Great friendly service, they make you feel at home. Don't pay attention to the bad reviews on this place, those people are crazy and obviously have a stick up you know where.
4	I love this place. My second time there, was lucky enough to go on a Groupon.  It is small and quaint with a secret find type of atmosphere. We had the 2 pizza's and a calzone. The calzone is the best I ever had (and I'm from NY and don't really even love them). The Edna pizza (arugula, proscuitto, and shaved parm reggiano) is wonderful. Great crust, everything is just YUMMY!
5	We first tried Grazie because it was within walking distance of the Hotel Valley Ho and we were in the mood for Italian.  Basically, if I see the words "Carpaccio" or "Bolognese" on a menu, I'm sold.  I never claimed to be a discriminating Yelper.  In this case, the Bolognese in question was the lasagna.  It was so good!  It comes piping hot served in a bowl, so it's more of a deconstructed lasagna.  And there is a little bit of grease that floats up from the meat and cheese that you can mop up with your bread.  Hey, I *walked* to the restaurant, right?The Carpaccio is also good and I have not had the pizza, but it looked and smelled delicious.  We will be back in Scottsdale next month and I'm already dreaming about that creamy and delicious lasagna!
3	I drove from L.A. to Phoenix for an overnight trip last month.  It was a brutal couple of days.  When I arrived in Phoenix with a couple hours to kill, I decided to spend them with my dog, a book, and some wine, to unwind from the long drive.I walked into Grazie late on a Monday afternoon and stayed for about two hours.  The place was more or less empty, and I got a nice table on the patio all to myself.  It was a very hot day, and the patio wasn't quite comfortable, but it was as well covered and cool as it could be.  I drank two glasses of white wine from the extensive menu.  Both were quite good, and suited to the weather.It was a mostly pleasant afternoon, but a couple things turned me off to Grazie.  One, while I was clearly not allowed inside with my dog (never expected, of course), the owner or someone on staff had two dogs inside the restaurant, roaming around.  At one point, the dogs came out, checked out my dog, and then one of them peed on the concrete wall right next my table, a foot away from where I was sitting.  Come on...I love dogs, but that's just gross.  Two, my second glass of wine came with a small surprise - I took one sip and pulled a dead bug from my tongue.  I pointed this out to my waiter, who did, to be fair, offer to replace the glass.  I thought it would be a shame to throw out the wine and I didn't mind drinking it, but I also kind of figured I might get that glass free, or get another glass thrown in.  I guess when I said I didn't want the wine to go to waste, the waiter decided that was that.That said, the waiter was perfectly nice, and I had a good time drinking at Grazie.  I left with a light buzz, which was great for that time of day.  If I lived in town the dogs and the bug might still deter me from coming back, but I can't say I didn't enjoy my visit.
4	There's nothing like a good pizza and some wine... =)My boyfriend bought a groupon for this place so we came here for our date this past weekend. I really liked the setting and outdoor patio of the place. A really good date spot or even a place to get together with friends for dinner. The downside was that their air conditioner was down! We are in Arizona so you can imagine how hot it was. It was actually cooler outside than it was inside. Thank god for those water misters! lol. We ordered the Toscana pizza and a pitcher of the White Sangria to wash it down. This place actually reminded me of Sauce. They have the thin crust pizza. I really liked it. Ours was more of a Supreme pizza so it had all the toppings that I loved on it. The Sangria was also tasty. Not too sweet like it usually is. I felt like the customer service was a bit slow. It was a bit busy when we were there so that's understandable. It took them a while to come over to our table just to get our drink orders. When we requested to get some balsamic vinegar with our bread the waitress forgot about it but she did apologize when she finally brought it to us. Despite the a/c being down and the customer service being a bit slow I would come back. I really liked the food as well as the ambiance of the restaurant. =)
4	Ah!!!!!! Another great restaurant in old town Scottsdale. With its modern look and lighting this place is an awesome place to bring a date.  The Girlfriend and I came here for our monthly date night last weekend, after finding this deal on Groupon.  We were seated outside on the patio due to the air conditioner being down.  BOY WAS IT HOT, holy hell - good thing they had the misters out.Not really a picky eater, I would pretty much devour anything that's enable. We ordered the Tuscan pizza, a pitcher of white sangria for her and a glass of beer for me. Not much of a sangria drinker either, the lucky GF had the whole pitcher to herself! (Talk about alcoholic)^_^Our thin crust Tuscan pizza was amazing! Full of flavor in every single bite.Our server was a little slow getting to us, but it was a really busy night.All and all this place is awesome, and I really enjoyed our visit. Will definitely be back soon. ^_^ KCYE
4	get the pizza and sangria! The owner is amazing, true Italian and brought us an amazing nutella dessert!   mangia!
4	I'm not sure what was better, the sangria or the thin crust pizza but either way- a must see place. The owner has an adorable little dog that sits up at the at bar on a cushion! It is hysterical! I had the vegetarian pizza, a large house salad, and a carafe of the red sangria which made a perfect size meal for my two friends and I.
4	We had a Groupon for Grazie and were very pleased with the service and food. Their sangria was phenomenal and we loved the pizza! Their outdoor patio space was beautiful and quaint too. A nice oasis in Downtown Scottsdale.
4	This is a great pizza place ... even better when it's nice enough to sit on their amazing patio!My girlfriend and I shared a bottle of Sangria, which was tasty.We've been here twice.  Service is definitely hit-and-miss.  One time we went there, the server was too busy.  The other time, the server forgot to return my credit card.The pizzas are good.  Nothing spectacular, but definitely good.
4	One of my favorite pizza places! They use lots of cheese (which I love) and fresh ingredients. This place is special since I went on the first date with the bf there.  Luckily they had lots of white pizza options because that's the only type of pizza I eat otherwise we might not still be dating. But seriously its really good. Nice patio for when the weather is cooler. Romantical.
5	Delicious!! Had a Margherita with mushrooms. Everything was fresh. Salad with the mix was amazing too.
4	Thanks to Groupon, we were able to find this place.  Located in Old Town just West of the Arts District, this Pizza joint is tucked away and kind of hard to find if you're not familiar with the area.  The signage is small and hard to read from the street.  Also, the parking here is atrocious....very few spots on the street and a tiny parking lot adjacent to the restaurant.  There's also a few lots across the street, but they belong to other businesses and you might get ticketed there....we took a chance and parked behind Prestige Cleaners across the street....there were no other spots avail, we had no choice.To enter, you have to walk through a small section of their patio seating.  The indoor dining room is pretty small and tables are tight....I don't recommend for groups larger than 6 people...outside seating is better for that.  Since it was still blazing hot outside, we sat inside.After browsing the menu, we decided to order:Americana Pizza (Pepperoni, Cheese), $15http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grazie-pizzeria-and-wine-bar-scottsdale?select=-DWyi7nRMAp5fjmTFIgJXw#-DWyi7nRMAp5fjmTFIgJXwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grazie-pizzeria-and-wine-bar-scottsdale?select=UfuwVsHtCTo_QLyHsPVbNQ#UfuwVsHtCTo_QLyHsPVbNQComplimenti Alla Mamma Pizza (Ham, Salame, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Mozzarella), $16Caprese, $9Red Sangriahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grazie-pizzeria-and-wine-bar-scottsdale?select=LsEh4oNsfJCSplVJTsfriA#LsEh4oNsfJCSplVJTsfriAThe Caprese came out first and was very good.  The portion size can easily feed 2 people as an appetizer.Both of the Pizzas we had were very good.  I thought the Alla Mamma Pizza was better than the Americana Pizza...but they were both excellent.  The Americana was a bit soggy for our tastes (too much Sauce)...but it was full of flavor.The Sangria helped us wash it all down....it comes in a nice sized carafe....can easily satisfy 2 or 3 people.Service here was pretty good too.  Overall, a nice time out.Return Factor - 77%
5	I have been to Grazie twice now! Both times a groupon was used - the groupon entailed a 12inch pizza of choice and then a pitcher or white or red sangria. When you arrive at Grazie you notice it's sweet and quaint ambiance. It is a smaller place with a nice patio. All the servers and staff are really nice there. It is pretty laid back and casual. The first time I came here I was with two friends. We opted for the red sangria, a salad to share, and the vegetarian pizza. Everything was really good and flavorful. The crust is amazing on the pizza! I went with my parents last night and again we got the red sangria. The sangria is very good- not too sweet but not bitter. We got the Americana pizza (pepperoni ) and added sausage on it. We got the bread and oil. The bread was just room temp. bread and I wasn't totally impressed by it- it did it's job though. The pizza was OUTSTANDING! I am so glad we got the sausage as it brought an extra kick to the meal. I like Grazie a lot and can't wait to go back!
4	If you love Italian wine this is the place for you. There are dozens of wines by the glass...all Italian. I will never get through them all. The last visit we had some new ones and ended up taking advantage of the retail wine sales end of the business to buy a couple we particularly liked.  The prices are very reasonable. In addition, if you make it clear that you are interested in wine you can have good conversations with owner or staff. The food isn't remarkable though we enjoyed what we had: bruschetta with sausage for me and some kind of dried meet appetizer for wife. Other times we have had pizza or calzone. Last time we had dessert calzone which involved pastry, chocolate, banana and ice cream.  We like the place and will continue to patronize.
5	The staff here sometimes isn't the friendliest or the fastest but the good food and the cute patio keeps me coming back. I first tried this place after getting a groupon for it so now I always keep my eye out hoping they so it again. Their pizzas are amazing and they have some different toppings. They have great sangria and the best part if the dessert. They have a chocolate Nutella calzone that they bake in their wood fire and it is hands down one of my favorite desserts, it has car mailed bananas in it and just is heavenly!
1	Extremely disappointed with service; warmed bread finally brought to the table & olive oil provided about ten minutes later, after bread has cooled. Food brought 90 MINUTES after arriving for reservation.  One eggplant order dry, after apparently toasting under heat lamps. Salad dressing never provided. Pizza very good. Dolci "special"dessert is burned but served anyway! Definitely the type of restaurant that you hurry to pay the bill just to end the agony...Bathroom is filthy.Believe the reviews on service & don't risk a special event here.
1	This place get negative stars! I had to pick one star but it doesn't even earn one. Awful! We arrived on a Sunday evening, there were 2 other tables seated. There was a gentleman who worked there standing by the bar and another employee standing there and neither greeted us. We stood there for a minute before I asked if we should sear ourselves. The answer was yes. We ordered a large salad for 3 to split with dressing on the side. Then we ordered 2 gluten free pizzas and asked if the 'classic lasagna' had cheese because it doesn't say on the menu. The waitress said there was. 45 minutes later we get a small salad with dressing on. Waitress apologized and offered to bring another but it took so long we declined. 30 minutes later our pizza came. One burnt the other was fine. A few minutes later the lasagna came without cheese. We never got refills and no one checked on us.  After awhile another waitress asked how our meal was and we spoke up and said, not great. She offered to get the owner. Well, watch out if you have a problem! We planned on just letting him know what happened and we were disappointed. He came to the table with his arms folded  (turns out he was the gentleman that was at the bar and didn't greet us either) asked what was wrong. We told him about the lasagna, the salad and before getting any farther he got defensive telling us his lasagna doesn't have cheese and if the waitress told us that, we shouldn't tip her. What kind boss tells you not to tip his employees???We told him that's not what we wanted. He started getting defensive telling us it sounds like we do this all the time and HE never told us there wasn't cheese its our problem and kept telling us we don't have to tip the waitress and he's been open for 13 years of business and clearly he's been successful and it's us that was the problem.  I have never in my life experienced that treatment in a restaurant. I will never return here and I will tell people NOT to go here. I have no idea how they are business.
1	I agree with the previous reviews and wish I listened.  We had a horrible experience tonight.  I was with my friend and her mom and the service was horrible.  Many mistakes made and the owner refused to take responsibility and make good.  Instead the manager or owner treated us horrible, raised his voice, and was beyond disrespectful.  Avoid at all costs....I mean...still in shock!
2	Just gone done with a birthday dinner here for my cousin. I will say what we ordered (Margherita pizza) was very good, but others at our table were disappointed with what they ordered. The mozzarella was some of the best I've ever had.My issue is with the service. Dinner was at 7. Our waitress, Victoria, failed to clear plates from the table, had to make it a point that they don't offer free birthday desserts because "they get 2 to 4 birthdays a night." That's fine, but I'm sure every birthday table is dropping $200 or more on wine & food and you can't give out a small free birthday dessert?The worst part of the night was waiting FORTY-FIVE minutes for her to tally 5 separate checks for 14 people. What should have been an enjoyable 1.5 half hour dinner turned into a 2.5 hour nightmare with some of the worst service I've ever received. Even the owner was sitting at the bar with a glass of wine on his laptop and ignoring the 3 birthday tables he had.In fact, getting the check took so long that by the time we left we were hungry again, so we stopped off at Burrito Express & got great service!
3	It's actually 2 and a half star. food was pretty good. Customer service was horrible. My girlfriend had to ask who our server is. This spot wasn't so welcoming from the time we walked in. I had the crostini cardinale which was good eatings and girlfriend had the giardinia pizza. Overall it was alright.
1	Alright.  Ready for my two cents?  My client told me about this place not to long ago.  She knows how I am about pizza ;)) well anyways.  I came across a Groupon for it. I was ecstatic!!!!!!!! My boyfriend and I went for date night. Right when we walked in, we got sat down right away. BUT 15 minutes later,  our waiter was no where to be found nor knew who was our waiter. I had to ask who our waiter was. One, she didn't speak English nor I can comprehend. Two, she kept smiling at me when I was talking to her,  she didn't listen to what I say.  honestly, whenever I had a question or command something,  I had to ask TWICE!!! Smh. These couple came in 30 minutes after us, THEY GOT THEIR FOOD BEFORE US. I confronted the manager, he did not care, he said don't worry.  It'll come out.. wtf are you serious?  And, Whatttt? No hot sauce or ranch? Yeah. I was bummed out.Overall. Horrible customer service. But I love my pizza .
1	Had the WORST experience here ever. I have been going to Grazie on and off for at least 7 years. After tonight's service I will never be going back. This place has REALLY gone downhill. Pizza: just ok..too much competition out there for this pizza to be 4-5 stars like it used to. Service: the hostess was also our server and it was obvious she had no server experience. when we ordered 2 glasses of red wine she was not sure they had the one we had chosen, then she was sure they didn't have it and then she said she would check. after all that, she brought us 2 glasses of very cold Sangria. $18 for the wrong order done intentionally. but instead of me making a scene in front of family from out of town I decided to yelp this so the rest of you would stay away from this place!Owner: a very rude man. you know the kind of service you get in Italy, Spain or even Greece? ya, that kind.  hey Mr. Owner, have you heard of the expression "you can catch more flies with sugar than vinegar"? perhaps this is why your restaurant was completely empty on a Sunday evening?? and your business is going downhill? perhaps?The rest of you should try the Parlor, Federal, Cibo's or Bianco. Ok I'm done. NEVER again. PLEASE STAY AWAY.
5	Haven't been in a few months, but I have been meaning to post my review. My office is down the road and we used to visit Grazie on a regular basis. Also a great place to take a date. Pizza is always excellent. Love the taste and texture. I read a review before I started this post. Ummm "Christine" why would you wanna ruin excellent pizza with ranch? Lol. Btw don't go to Grimaldies down the road cause they don't have ranch either. Maybe Pizza Hut? So funny. I like ranch too but def not needed for Grazie or Grimaldies pizza pies!! Maybe just bring a packet in your purse... Oops I kinda got off topic. To sum it up: great food, wine selection, and last time I went there was an intoxicating server. She had a great accent...
4	Great venue!  I travel on average every week so I visit nervous restaurants.  Grazie is a great wine & pizza venue that is reasonably priced for great salad & pizza!  Had the caprese salad, Toscano pizza, & the Grazie Chianti.  Great service & staff!
5	My wife and I have stopped here for Pizza a few times now, and have enjoyed ourselves. Great pizza, great wine, great service!
2	Came here to get pizza to go & while I waited had some wine and the cheese platter. The platter was massive and well presented however the cheeses were boring. The service was disappointing, the girls were very nice but didn't really know how to manage their time so I spent a lot of time waiting for my server.. Anyway I got my pizza and walked home, I opened the box to discover a good looking pie, which made me smile but when I went to grab a slice, I noticed my server didn't bother to slice it properly or even at all (even though I saw her slicing other pizzas!)Luckily, I do have a pizza cutter so it worked out. The pizza was good, crispy crust, light toppings. All in all it was not what I expected. Give it a try, but I won't be going back.Happy New Year my darlings !
4	Thus is my fourth time being here, everything because I had a groupon for a pizza with a pitcher of sangria. I suggest the red as I tried the white once and it wasn't good but the red is great. I always order the same pizza cippiscao(sp) it's amazing ham, salami, olives. Artichokes and mushroom can't get more Italian.The service is super slow and the place is very small. More for a date night then a large group. They do have nice patio space. Noise can get a little loud unfortunately but I'm a big fan their pizza is just amazing. Pizza 14-16 bucks fyi. Great place in the heat of old town Scottsdale.
2	We went on Friday night about 8:30 and found the place about 10% full... A far cry from my last few visits when we had to wait for a table. It was cold out, so we decided to sit by the fire on the patio. Looked around and none of the candles were lit on the tables... We lit our own. There was already a menu on the table when we sat down, not for us, it just happened to be at the table closest to the fire when we seated ourselves. Eventually our server made her way over to us, with no menus (or waters) and gleefully exclaimed "oh, there's already a menu here... It's a lunch menu, but it's basically all the same stuff." Are my friend and I to share the same menu and choose items hoping they're "basically the same" as what's on the menu?? Seriously? Upon request, she brings us dinner menus and we order a coke and a diet coke. A good while later (remember, the place is essentially empty) she returns with our drinks... A diet coke and an ice water. My friend reminds her that she actually ordered a coke, not water. "Ooohhhh that's right" and she sets off to get the coke. She returns awhile later to take our order... We order the Bresaola salad and the Capricciosa pizza (first, we ask what kind of olives are on the pizza, she says black. So we ask to have no olives, add tomatoes instead). We also remind her of the coke which has yet to arrive. About 10 minutes goes by and she comes out with our pizza. Our pizza? She sets it on the table and notices the look of confusion on our faces and asks "did you order something else?" I said "Wow. Yes, the Bresaola" she says "that's right... It's on me, I'll be back with that" I said "okay, I'll take another diet coke and we also need silverware, napkins, plates and we are still waiting on that coke!" So as we sit watching our pizza get cold right before our eyes... We notice it's covered in olives. Of coarse it is. But we are okay with it because they are not black olives, like she said, they are kalamata. Once we get everything we need (including the elusive coke, but not my diet refill) and take a bite of our luke warm pizza... Despite not being hot from the oven or what we ordered, it was still pretty tasty. Our appetizer arrives after our entree and it too is d'lish. I remind her about my refill.. "Oh that's right" she says. Again, WOW. We decide on dessert... Tiramisu and a calzone filled with Nutella and bananas topped with vanilla ice cream and 2 espressos. The salad dishes remain on our table as she arrives with our desserts... But there's nowhere to set them down so we start sliding all our dirty dinner dishes around to make room for the new arrivals. Then she leaves, I'm assuming to get our espressos... Now why would I think that? We did only tell her once that we would like them. Indeed, I see her inside not making our coffees and so I get up, walk in and say "espressos?" And she again says "oh yeah!" (Wow) and brings them out and states that these too are on her. I ask for sugar for our coffees (really?) and the bill... It arrives and the salad and espressos were not on the bill but I do see what went wrong with our no olives request for the pizza, it says right below it "86 the mushrooms". Bummer. We love mushrooms. I know this review is long and detailed, but to say we had AMAZINGLY BAD service is the understatement of the year. I'll be spending my money at Cibo and Pizzeria Bianco instead, where the food AND the service is always great!
3	It's a dive italiano spot.  Not in itself a bad thing..  Could use a little sprucing and definitely a little bit of cleaning.The variety plate appetizer was good - had a few meats, a couple cheeses, artichoke hearts, marinated mushrooms, olives, and some bread.  Good variety, would be great with wine.  We also got the sausage and mushroom pizza.  It tasted a bit of raw flour but other than that it wasn't too bad.  The fennel sausage wasn't too impressive and there was a lot of water coming out of i$t (probably the mushrooms).  All in all, its ok.  Would seek it out, wouldn't avoid it.
1	Worst service I have received in a long time.  We were a party of four.  After waiting 20 minutes to order, we were told that we were given the lunch menu but that they would let us order anyway.  Then our server switched, but failed to tell the new server our order.  Once he put it in, another 20 minutes later, we were told we could have a sandwich and we need to order something else.  They also didn't have any white sangria left and told us they were too busy to make more.  Don't waste your time.  Grimaldi's up the street has better food and service.
5	1st time eating here and it was great!!! The service was just as good as the food. Prior to groupon (thanks) I didn't even know they existed. Will definitely revisit and highly recommend.
1	Place sucks, used to be great, it's not anymore. Owner thinks it's warm enough outside so heatlamps are not needed, who decides if it is cold. Owner or customer :(
4	The food and sangria were amazing. However, our server reeked liked booze and probably shouldn't have been at work that night.
3	The food was good, but the service was awful. First, they need a hostess because we walked in and stood around waiting awkwardly for someone to seat us. After we sat down it took 15 minutes before we were greeted. We literally had our order ready and waiting. Anyways, the food was great but the service was sloppy: I was served wine before my girlfriend, they did not bring a chiller for the bottle, and our server was MIA until the check came. They can definitely be a legit spot, but they just need to clean up there act.
3	My wife and I tried this place out on a Groupon, which entitled us to a pitcher of sangria and a pizza.  Unfortunately, after waiting 25 minutes from the time we were seated, I had to hunt down a manager to get a server to even stop by our table!After that, he service was ok, but not great.  The pizza was good, and while the sangria wasn't the best I've had, it was large enough to be almost too much!I'm not sure if I would go back or not.
3	While the pizza is still pretty good, the service has somehow gone downhill-which seems almost impossible considering it was already pretty terrible from the beginning.Came here recently with a large group- our server only took orders for 1/2 of the table- and it took over 30 minutes to get her to come back to take the rest. Literally 30 minutes of arm waving, which then turned into finger snapping (which I know is rude) and then eventually we went up to the bar to see if we could place an order there, which the rude owner said NO that we had to wait for our server(bullshit). We were about to call in and place a to go order at this point. Our entire table had their food and were pretty much done eating by the time we finally flagged her down. At that point, she told us it would still be a few minutes.Anyway, long rant/story short- our pizza arrived cold. I don't think it was necessarily our servers fault- the place is always super understaffed and accommodates too many large groups at once. They need to staff more people. Especially on a Friday night. During springWe will probably return- but only for date night.
5	Grazie was wonderful.  We went for the first time last month, to meet family friends that were in town.  The owner greeted us and let us taste some wines before we decided on a bottle.  Service was friendly, timely, and personal.  The pizzas were fantastic.  We also had bruschetta and salad, both of which were also delicious.  The nutella dessert was SO incredible!  We will definitely be back and can't believe we hadn't been there sooner.
5	First love the location!  Great pizza like you would find in Tuscany!  Great place to gather with friends and family any day of the week.   3rd Sunday of each month  is especially good to try new wines and make new friends.
5	Amazing atmosphere and food.  We're in for a wine tasting and it has been amazing.  The food is delicious, the wines are delightful and the service has been extraordinary.   Very happy to have t Hugh is gem in our neighborhood and look forward to our next visit.
5	The original wood fired pizzeria in Scottsdale after 13 years is still amazing as when I first came in!!! I know Californian wines the best and always am a bit unsure how to order Italian wines, Grazie will help guide you and make sure you get what will make you happy!!! So much fun venturing to try new wines while eating the most authentic Italian pizza in AZ! Add a salad and the meal is complete.
5	The food here is authentic and consistently delicious. I'm always impressed with their wines and amazing prices (you can tell they do their research so that you are drinking fantastic wine that doesn't break the piggy bank).  Always delicious!
5	Not only is the food delicious but the service was amazing! We ordered the meat and cheese platter with a caprese salad. It was the perfect combination for a hot night. We took our time, enjoyed the food and we never felt rushed. Now it's your turn!
5	I love everything about this place.  The pizza is inventive, simple and delicious.  The atmosphere is cool and relaxed.  The food is incredible and their wine selection ain't bad either.  Their dessert calzone with Nutella and bananas is fantastic.  Whenever I'm in Phoenix, Grazie Pizzeria is at the top of my list!!!
5	Oh my gosh...this place is the bomb!  Love the homemade mozzarella.  It is soooo good!  The place is gorgeous, I was able to have nice happy hour prices and hang and do work!  Free wifi!
5	Grazie in Old Town Scottsdale is the hidden gem of pizza restaurants here in the Valley. Everyone knows about Pizzeria Bianco and Cibo...but for my money Grazie puts out pies that are just as good, if not better (dare I say).I came here over the weekend and the pizza we decided on was the Complimenti Alla Mama: red sauce, mozzarella, ricotta, ham, salame, and parmigiano reggiano. I'm not over selling this when I say it may have been one of the top three best pizzas I've ever had in my life.I also enjoy the wine list as its very Italian focused, the service is pretty good, and if you're coming for the first time you can't leave without having dessert. Don't worry about picking one out, you have to order the Dolce Della Casa: slightly charred sweet calzone filled with Nutella and bananas, topped with vanilla ice cream.In summary: I'm getting hungry just writing this review and I can't wait to go back.
5	One of my favorite places in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. I live in CA but I visit Scottsdale often and I love this restaurant/bar. The food is great and the pizza is so good! The service is great and the staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. The restaurant has a wonderful, chill, candle lit atmosphere perfect for a date night or just going out with some friends. The price of the food and drinks is just right too. If you're wondering what to do one night, go here! You will love it.
4	This place is really good, but I cannot give 5 stars for 2 reasons. 1. We ordered about 5 pizzas and a couple of them came out with fairly burnt crust. I'm not a fan of the burnt taste on crust. Just about everyone at the table ignored the crust... unusual for our group. This does not detract from the pizza itself, which was very good.2. They don't know how to pour beer. The only have 3 (I suppose it is a wine bar after all), but at least know how to poor it if you're going to serve it. We ordered at least 5 pints and each of them came with half head. Kind of annoying. Luckily the glass was chilled, so it was still cold once it settled.The pizza is so good, the alla mamma is our favorite. The sangria was delicious, we downed a whole pitcher. I would definitely come back to this place in a second. The owners (I believe thats what they were) were very kind and welcoming. They took care of us very well and we were happy with our visit.
5	It's my favorite place when I'm in the Scottsdale area.  Love the caesar salad and the vegetariana pizza with the addition of smoked mozzarella.  Don't forget to order the tiramisu, it's ahhhhmazing!
5	Ask for Lin, she's the best! I've. Oven Fire pizza at its best. Cold beer and a nice wine selection as well at an affordable cost. Definitely recommend.
5	Who makes the best pizza in Arizona? Grazie does! Grazie's pizza tastes heavenly. Grazie used to be a super busy restaurant, nowadays it is less packed but I have remained a loyal customer. Somedays the service and food is different than on other days but I don't care because the pizza is always delicious!!!! Nowhere else can you find anything like it. Side note: I have been coming here for 10 years now and tonight (10/5/2014) the Panna Cotta was the best it has ever been! Whoever made it tonight, please keep them around!!
1	Ok let me start by saying that I've always loved Grazie and think the pizza is delicious and authentic to pizzas you can find in Naples, but over the years this place has just flat out gone down hill. Went there on a Saturday night and the place was fairly empty, which is odd since it's in old town Scottsdale. The pizza we ordered (just a basic margarita) took 45 minutes to arrive and to top it off, it was undercooked. This is when things got interesting. We told the waitress that the pizza was bad and she informed us that the pizza cook had gotten so drunk that they had to send him home so out pizza had been cooked by the salad prepper. She then offered to take half off the pizza. We were upset, but by this point were also kind of amused by it all and honestly appreciated the girls honesty. As we were leaving we noticed the owner sitting at the bar watching football. He didn't even acknowledge us. You would think in a restaurant that is clearly struggling (empty on a otherwise busy Saturday night) that the owner would have at least tried to do some damage control and talk to us. But no. He clearly doesn't care if his own restaurant succeeds or fails. So why should we? So with that we won't be back again. Which is sad cause it's been a fave of mine for past 5 years.
5	My family and I have gone to Grazie on many occasions and each time has been a fantastic experience.  Their food is to notch, by far the best pizza I have ever had. The atmosphere is very relaxed and fun. Definitely a great choice to eat.  Highly recommended.
5	I am a big fan and loyal customer of Grazie! They have an amazing staff, great selection of wines and their salads and pizza are incredible! The ambience is great whether I come in by myself, with my family or on a date. I highly recommend Grazie for the best Italian food in town.
4	So you enjoy authentic wood fired pizza and a small mom and pop shop? You like an authentic restaurant experience in the midst of the upscale Snotsdale eateries? The tables and chair are mismatched, the decor is in need of a  few repairs, the service is not even two stars but its Italian, it has soul, it has wine and it has pie.  The tiramisu put the icing on the experience, just right.  Give it a chance on date night, casual, imperfect and just what you need after a hundred Sam Fox restaurant concept evenings.
