4	Spacious!  Seats up to 150 guests.Nice ambiance with appropriate decors.3 sinks!  Yes, right in the hallway near the restrooms, so your hands can freshen up before you dig right into your next round cajun yumminess or desserts :)That pretty much sums up some of the important observations while I was at the newly opened Cravin' Cajun, the latest Louisiana crawfish boils restaurant to open up in Las Vegas.CC serves the same kind of menu offered by other restaurants in the same category. The seasoning comes in three (possibly four) options: Kiddie Cajun (Lightly seasoned), Cravin's Cajun (the restaurant's signature blend), Lemon Pepper (A Cravin's favorite), and maybe Ravin' Cajun! (their combination of all of their flavors). Then you can further specify the heat levels: Mild, Medium, Hot, Crazy Cravin' Hot.I tried the shrimp with the Cravin' Cajun (medium) and it was served up in the familiar plastic bag over white butcher paper covered table.  And I really enjoyed the flavor of the Cravin' Cajun blend.  I also normally wear a pair of disposable plastic glove when eating this kind of food, but opted to go all natural today, and the shrimps were still piping hot. Wearing disposable gloves may help prevent your sensitive fingertips from getting burned, plus your hands will not required the through soap and hot water treatment afterward.Not into seafood served in a bag?  They also have Cravin' Cajun Baskets of Fried Chicken Strips, Fried Catfish, Fried Oyster, and Fried Shrimp served Fries.  Cravin' a Po-Boy?  They have Catfish, Crawfish Tail, Oyster, Shrimp and Cajun Sausage Po-Boys to satisfy your tummy. Still not interested???  How about their signature Etouffe, Jambalaya, Gumbo, Seafood Salad, Corn n' Crab Chowder or Lobster Bisque? They serve just about everything you could think of to order here, EXCEPT Fried Okras (Sorry Misti).Anyway, I plan to come back for dinner and try other stuff on their menu when I am more hungry.And in case you do not know where this soon to be popular Cajun crawfish/shrimp/crab/clams boil dining destination is located at, it is in the same strip mall as a few other local Yelp favorites (China Mama, HK Star) on S. Jone Blvd, between Spring Mountain and Desert Inn Rd.Service was good.  The waitress (Myrene)  was attentative, without breating down your neck. Although I would not object to that in a different setting.Price is on par with the others. $9.99 for 1# of crawfish, $10.99 for shrimp, etc.Ambiance is pleasant, interior design work that went into the construction of this restaurant is nicely thought out (3 hand sinks!) and elegantly executed.4 stars! Yay! I'm a fan, and I will ask friends to come along later tonight :)
3	Cravin' Cajun is the new place to get crawfish!Place is very spacey with around 12 tvs throughout... awesome!I couldn't really help but to compare this place to Hot n Juicy since I frequent there a lot so I guess I am kind of biased. This place is kind of like Hot n Juicy... except fancier! However, this place definitely has a larger selection of foods than Hot n Juicy. I got the crawfish in cravin' cajun in both medium and crazy hot. I don't think they mastered their sauce yet since the medium really had no flavor except the spicyness but the crazy hot had a lot of flavor to it. I also got their catfish po-boy which tasted just like a filet o fish except.. fresher. Their corn also isn't as sweet as hot n juicys. Our server was also super duper nice and very attentative. Anywhos, if you're near the area and want to try something new, this is the it place!Po-Boys: $9-11Etouffe, Jambalaya, Gumbo, lobster bisque: $12-13Dessert: philly cheesecake, peanut butter cream pie, key lime pie, red velvet cake : $4-6
5	The sweet potatoe fries, cajun wings, and catfish are killer! Nice clean place lots of T.V.s really good service.
5	This is me and my boyfriends new favorite seafood place! This restaurant is definitely much better looking than Hot n' Juicy and more spacious as well. Besides this, the food was very tasty and best of all, not overpriced! Our server, Maddie was very attentive and friendly. Our drinks were always filled! She really made us feel at home. We honestly had no complaints throughout our entire lunch. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some yummy affordable seafood in Las Vegas.
4	Hot N' Juicy has another contender to look out for.  Where they don't quite beat Hot N' Juicy in flavor of their seafood, they really kick it up a few notches in terms of friendly and fast service, the attention to detail in decor, and an expanded menu in terms of variety compared to Hot N' Juicy.Service:- The food came fast!  Drinks came quick!  Waters and drinks were refilled even when it was semi-busy on a Friday night.Food:  There's lot of variety to choose from, but we stuck to our usual...- Cravin' Cajun style shrimp - This was comparable to Hot N' Juicy's Special Sauce, but not as spicy.  Somehow not as tasty, tangy and addicting, but still very enjoyable.- Lemon Pepper shrimp with Corn - Also comparable to Hot N' Juicy but lacked some sort of addictive ingredient.  Is it MSG?  Heh.- Deep Fried Catfish Basket - Now, this is where it's at!  I prefer the catfish preparation here because they thin slice the fish so that there is optimal crunchy breading per fish ratio.  The tartar sauce served along side is perfect!  Extra tart and creamy.- Deep Fried Oyster Basket - Little nuggets of juicy deep fried oysters.  Yum.- Cajun Fries - These are tasty and crunchy.  Equivalent tastiness when compared to Hot N' Juicy, but the downside, they get soggy after sitting in their own steamy heat.  I've got an easy solution for that:  Just eat it all quickly!  Problem solved for soggy fries.Bonus! -  Extra seasoning shakers available to "BAM" the heck out of anything.  Bonus 2! - A thoughtful addition of sinks just outside the restrooms, gives patrons the convenience of being able to quickly run over and wash their hands.Bonus 3! - (for my man) - Big variety of all kinds of beerConclusion:  They just opened about a week ago, and I think there is A LOT of potential in the place.  There's still MANY dishes to try:  dessert, jambalaya, ettouffee, crabcakes.  We might just bypass Hot N' Juicy's lines and wait to go to Cravin' Cajun.
4	I am a frequenter of Hot N'Juicy so when I saw that Cravin Cajun was open, I had to check it out!First off, I love having to work for my food- be it shrimp, crab, lobster, crawfish...anything.  My other half, no go- he does not want to put in work to get to his food.  When I told him I wanted to check this place out, he wasn't too thrilled until I told him they had jambalaya, etouffe, lobster bisque, gumbo and more- he was all for it!We arrived about 8:30pm on a Monday night, it was pretty empty but the place is clean, nicely decorated, had plenty of seating and staff was very friendly and helpful.  I ordered a pound of shrimp in the Cravin Cajun special sauce, crazy hot, the mister had the jambalaya.  My sauce was kicking my butt!  I ordered rice on the side and they came with extra sauce (no charge).  The mister's jambalaya came with garlic bread and huge shrimp on top.  He added some of my extra sauce on his shrimp to give it some extra kick!My pound of shrimp was large and plump- the last few times I went to HNJ, the shrimp there was kinda small and some tasted soft (likely frozen?).  The shrimp here was large and firm, I loved it!  Next time I'll just go with the medium so I could enjoy it more.  The sauce was also not as garlicky as HNJ, which could be neither good or bad- other reviewers have said "not enough flavor" but  could it be not as flavorful because there's not a ton of garlic in it?  hmmm...could be...BUT I enjoyed it.  It had just enough flavor and plenty of kick!  I did also enjoy that my hands didn't stink of garlic and that I wasn't sweating garlic the next day!Overall, this is a definite return for me!! I want to try EVERYTHING on their menu, with medium spice next time LOL!!OH- and the extra sauce? Putting it over rice is good, BUT dipping the garlic bread in it is SOOO much better!!
4	I really loved how this place wasn't an insane wait and crowded like Hot & Juicy Crawfish.  Don't get me wrong, their tables and booths do fill, but their service stays great.  The staff was very friendly, and helpful.  My party of 8 ordered a lot of food and our server never forgot any of our orders.  There was so much cajun food to choose from...from Etoufee to crawfish.  I really recommend their Cravin' Cajun flavored shrimp and clams!  We also tried the lemon pepper one as well, but liked their signature seasoning better.  Their sweet potato tots were yummy and their fried catfish was delicious and fresh.  Their fried oysters were crispy and plump.  We tried their chicken wings (which were a good full size) and it came with a lemon pepper sauce on the side.  Their dessert was a little overpriced for the size it came in.  We ordered a keylime pie for $3-$4  and it was  this dinky cupcake-looking tart.  I don't recommend dessert, but the seafood was bomb.
5	Iodine high. Hi seafood. Food Tasty. Tasty service.Came in, it wasn't too busy so they offered both of us a table or booth. Booth indeed!We looked at the menu, and they had 3 levels of hot, as well as 3 different seasonings. We placed our order for 1 lb of snow crab legs cravin' Cajun seasoning at medium hot, and 1 lb for shrimp both Cajun seasonings mixed. Plus corn drenched in bag with shrimp and a basket of sweet potato fries.Our server was in- tuned to us which makes it a sweeter visit. Speaking of sweet, Sweet potato fries- score! Oh I'm not a sweet potato fan, but the bf wanted it, and our server definitely Recommend trying it. Our server brought it out with a side of roumalade sauce(a spicy Cajun mayo), so don't forget to ask for that. It doesn't really go, but it gives the potato's the culture so it's not left out. Post sweet potato fries, It's a good- different, i actually recommend trying it if you want to try something new.Then came our snow crab legs. You know what I love about this bag? The spices and hot level was perfect that I can still enjoy the real taste of a juicy crab meat.  Same goes for shrimp. So yes they pick their sea folks meticulously.And the Corn. Yum. Case-closed. I'd like to come back and try their other stuff soon.
2	**Summary**       - Flavor - The sauce they use pales in comparison to Hot & Juicy. It didn't stick onto the seafood. It was half a step up from just steaming the shrimp and eating it as is.       - Consistency - I was told by someone else that ate with us that the sauce today was watered down and that usually it was a lot thicker. With that said, I like to gamble at casinos and not with my dinner.**Ordered**       - $11.99 1lb Shrimp - The shrimps were a bit larger than at Hot & Juicy. This is probably the only good thing I can say. The sauce was watery and lacked almost all flavor. They had to bring out some hot sauce for us to dip it in. I had four pieces of corn in my bag since the corn usually picks up the flavor of the sauce and tastes delicious. Unfortunately, the corn here tasted like it was just steamed. I had to add salt to eat it.       - $10.99 1lb Crawfish - The crawfish are about the same size as Hot & Juicy, but like the shrimp, the flavor was lacking.       - $2.99 Canjun Fries - The canjun fries were good.       - $6.99 Cajun Wings - The wings had more of a sweet sauce to it. It was a bit of a let down.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't recommend this place. Maybe I just went on a bad day, but the experience was so bad I don't think I'll be giving them a second chance.
5	Yay! I love me some Cajun food! I was very excited when I saw that Cravin Cajun had finally opened since the place.I went here on a Thursday night around 7ish, it wasn't crowded which was good because I seriously hate waiting and plus I was starving. We were greeted by the hostess and we got to pick where to sit. As we looked at the menu I noticed they have a lot of selections. I also noticed the dessert menu mmm yummy! Down to the food; my bf ordered a lbs of crawfish with the cravin cajun seasoning, my daughter ordered a lbs of crawfish with the kiddie seasoning and I decided to order a lbs of shrimp with the cravin cajun seasoning. Since I've been wanting to try etouffe for the longest time I decided to order that too. I was not disappointed at all! The food was delicious!The staff was great my water was always filled and they always asked if we found everything ok. I am definitely coming back here to get my seafood on!
2	First Crawfish joint I've tried in Las Vegas and it's practically minutes away from where I reside. Very spacious, love the decor, and sinks outside the restrooms for easy access to wash your hands. I attended Tony T's UYE event for this place and loved seeing yelpers wanting to try something new.Unfortunately, this was a miss for me. Not so much on the food, but the service itself. I ordered:1 Crab Cake Appetizer1 lbs. of Shrimp/Lemon Pepper Seasoning/MildSide order of Cajun Sausage and Sweet Potato TotsThe shrimp came out  before my appetizer. That's okay, but damn get my order right at least. Two bags came to me that wasn't mine. What a tease!!! And I don't like to be teased.. especially when I'm hungry! The third was what I ordered, But had a corn on the cob added to it. I told the server this isn't mine, since I only ordered the shrimp... she told me that's what I ordered with the lemon pepper mild sauce and walked away!!! WOW okay yeah... So I'm holding this bag of hot shrimp asking everybody at the table if they ordered a corn on the cob with shrimp and nobody did. So instead of the server that completely ignoring me at the counter... I had to flag one guy server that noticed me waving at him. I told him the situation and he said to just keep the corn and he won't charge me for it. Well that's great.. if I like corn, but I don't care for it. So I gave it away to a yelper that actually was going to eat it. The shrimp was good. Nice, plump size... great portion and the sauce had enough heat to give it that spice to make it a delicious treat. They had latex gloves and plastic gloves for your perusal.. I picked the plastic, I think the latex gloves are better, since my fingers were still stained even though I had the plastic gloves on. There were right amounts of spice and garlic. I had a piece of garlic bread from my brother that was eating with his girlfriend across the way... I would say the dipping of that bread with the Lemon Pepper sauce was crazy delicious. I could eat loaves with that combination! Crab cake was bland, mushy, no flavor for the life of it, and seriously was missing something... I felt like I was eating shredded, soggy mush. For $11 this was a major disappointment, since I'm a HUGE fan of crab cakes. I even asked the server if this was really good. She replied oh yes it's so good. I despise liars... This was not good at all. I highly recommend Not to order this appetizer. The only thing good about this dish was the Sauce! Without it, it would have been a complete disaster and I would have asked to send it back to order something else. I asked the server how is it cooked... she believes its fried, happy to hear.. in that case the outer patty would have at least had some crisp to it or Something! Not one crisp area. You know when a toasted bread gets soaked in water.. that's the texture. The taste was off, no freshness, very plain jane, uninteresting, I could go on, but...The server thought I ordered sweet potato fries and questioned me if I was sure that's what I ordered, since that's what she had in her hands to give me... I had to tell her a few times... No I know what I ordered and it was sweet potato tots. Ever since I had some from a food truck last week.. I've been having this new love for tots made from sweet potatoes. I'm thinking why question me what I ordered when I just told you what I ordered?!?? Kiddin me?! And there is a big difference between fries and tots, so if that server was thinking I would still take it even though that wasn't what I wanted, the answer would be a big fat no. I won't order something I don't want.... Period. The tots when they finally did arrive was hot and had a good amount of crunch. The flavor was on point and this was my favorite from everything I ordered. This could easily be a dessert if you have some leftover, since it's cold and almost like mini bites of sweetness. I was planning on trying out one of their desserts, but the service rendered me to call it a night. The bill came and luckily I checked what I ordered.. I thought I was missing something and noticed I was charged for a side of sausage that I didn't even get. When I told that server that I never received it, she questioned me AGAIN! Asking.. oh really?! You didn't get it? Uhm I would know what I ate and yes I didn't eat any sausages the last time I checked. *Hmm wait that didn't sound right?! Haha you know what I mean! Come on... :) So she said she would take it off the bill. I'm waiting for my new revised bill and she's waiting for me to pay her without revising it first. Uhm another no... I'll wait for my revised bill in case you jack me again thank you very much. smhLoved getting together with fellow yelpers, but didn't enjoy the service. Food could be better, but overall the shrimp and sweet potato tots were wonderful here. Heard once you try Hot n' Juicy you'll never come back here... either way I don't plan on coming back.
2	Dear Hot N Juicy, I am SO sorry that I ever cheated on you...what a BIG MISTAKE I've made. P.S.  Food = Meh....Service = They are good at charging things wrong and serving appetizers, entrees and sides out of order.
2	I was here during the opening.  It's ok.  I like the interior design and theme, however the food leaves a lot to be desired. I hope they improve with time.The flavor simply isn't that strong would be my biggest complaint.  We asked for lots of extra dipping sauce to slather the mud bugs in, but it just wasn't that tasty.Prices weren't posted anywhere when I was there so it was annoying having to ask.I saw a couple of notes about the sweet potato bites.  I think this must be a frozen food from Sysco or somebody.  BB King's BBQ restaurant at the Mirage has the same ones and they serve them with caramel sauce that really finishes the dish off nicely.Also, having had many  crawfish boil in my hometown of Houston, I'm still flabbergasted how West Coast places charge per piece of corn and potato.  It should be included!!! All in all, it was ok. Probably won't return.  Having it here just wanted me to do it at home since I can do it way better!Note: the crab legs are frozen.  Mine were just plain old resulting in a rubbery texture and the meat not filling the shell. The owner took them back after my complaint, bit it was disappointing.  The shrimp were a good size 24-30U I think. No tiger prawns, but decent.
3	Hit Cravin Cajun' for lunch today. Nice looking place - not sure i care for the TV's having different stations playing with the volume on - it gets a little noisy. Interestingly, they were filming people post-meal presumably for a commercial. They did ask if i was interested in sharing my thoughts - told them i was too ugly for a TV commercial ! Ordered the sausage po boy ($ 8.99 ) with cajun fries and a soda ( $2.50 ) . also ordered the gumbo ( $13.99 ) ad jambalaya ( $11.99 ) to go . the servers were attentive. Thought it took awhile to get the food considering it doesn't take much to whip up a po boy and the place wasn't very busy. The po boy was a little unusual in it's " construction." The bun was filled with lettuce, tomato and mayo and the sausage basically sat on top of the sandwich as opposed to being in the sammie. I liked the toasted bun, sausage had a nice spice to it but i didn't care for pushing the sausage down into the bun. The fries were decent and plentiful - not sure why they included tartar sauce with a romulade sauce but it worked for me. I prefer a little more cajun spice but not a big issue. Once home i couldn't resist trying a bite of the jambalaya and a scoop of the gumbo. Both were decent but i thought the gumbo serving size didn't match the price - felt a little shorted. also, the gumbo seasoning had me scratching my head - just not sure what spice confused me but it didn't ring true to gumbo's i've had in the past. Overall, I liked the place ( contrary to some of my picky comments ) and will definitely return to try the " bagged" foods to compare it to H&J. pic attached
4	I took my 11 yr old daughter here coz she loves crawfish... We both liked the place.  It was clean and the service was really good.  I liked that they had a kiddie seasoning, thus my girl really enjoyed the food.  I also liked that they gave me extra sauce for dipping and it was good! This is a place we will definitely go back to.
4	I ate lunch here to satisfy my curiosity and because it was happy hour, so prices weren't the same as dinner prices.  My order consisted of 1lb shrimp with mild Cajun seasoning, and rice.  I had to keep it Filipino style.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly, not undercooked and not overcooked where I was struggling to get the shells off.  It was done just right.  Only thing is their cajun seasoning was just okay.  I have had better.  I am also impressed with the rice because they actually serve the good kind and not the cheap kind that most places would serve.As for the service, they're all very accommodating, friendly, and knows how to make sure their guests are doing okay.  It wasn't just my server asking me, it's also the busboy, a server that isn't my server, the cook, everyone was just super friendly.
4	I like this place a lot. I know there are more than a few people who won't agree with me but IMO this place is so much better than Hot N Juicy. After I ate here I didn't have the overwhelming taste of garlic in my mouth for the next 48 hours. Which is all I can think about when someone mentions hitting up that other place.I was here with a group of 3 and we ordered 1lb of shrimp with lemon pepper seasoning, medium heat, 1lb of crawfish with cravin' cajun seasoning, medium heat, sweet potato tots, 3 ears of corn and a bowl of corn n' crab chowder. The waitress offered to have the kitchen split the chowder 3 ways before we even asked. Extra points for her. We had the intention of ordering all this to start with, to share, and then adding on from there but this ended up being the perfect amount of food. Everything was good. I actually have no complaints about the food or the service. I can't wait to go back and try the shrimp and crawfish with the crazy hot level of heat. I say give it a try.
5	Last night was my 4th visit to Cravin Cajun, and they absolutely got it right! Service was the best and the food was spicy and flavourful. We ordered the crazy hot crab, crazy hot shrimp, catfish poor boy and jambalaya. The crab and shrimp were sweet, spicy and just perfect. Catfish had a sauce on it that was amazing and the jambalaya was very good. It may have taken them a few weeks to get everything going but after last night they are ready to give Hot n Juicy some serious competition.
3	Cravin' Cajun has a nice setup. The food was good but not great! I still prefer Hot n Juicy over Cravin' Cajun. The food was a bit salty and service was a bit sour. I think the owner was there he just needs new waiters. I would go there again after a year to give them time to refine things. I ordered crawfish and snow crabs and the waitress only brought us snow crabs . She failed to confirm our entire order. When she finally brought out the crawfish, it was rushed and not cooked all the way. The bags they come in are oversized and wasn't as enjoyable to dig into as they are at hot and juicy. The layout of the resturant is nice and the theme and decoration was nice. I hope next time they do a better job with service and I hope they ease off the salty ingredients.
2	The quality has dropped from our last 2 visits, shrimp were old and mushy. What a shame I really enjoyed this place.
5	EXCELLENT dinner!! Enjoyed the food! Enjoyed the ambiance!! Enjoyed the SERVICE!!!! I didn't get the waitress name (REALLY wish I did!) but she was SOOOO nice!!! The guy who looked like the manager was very nice too!! I have been to the Boiling Crab in california, and last time went to Hot and Juicy and did not enjoy as much. I was very impressed with Cravin Cajun!! The restaurant.com certificate helped too!! Will definitely come here when in Vegas next time!!!
5	Ate here tonight for first time. Much nicer atmosphere then Hot and Juicy.  Food excellent and spicy.  Had crawfish and wife had shrimp.  Priced very reasonable.  Waitress and bus staff very attentive.Will definitely be back again.
1	Not happy with the service because Manager Sean is being Jack Ass.My friend and I was there few minuses before the happy hour, and he told us we cannot use our coupon + happy hour together. He said we have to order the food right the way or otherwise we don't get the happy hour. The whole dinner experience was unhappy. We end up talking about this unhappy matter all dinner. My friend use coupon + happy hour all the time...First time there, also my last time visit. Watch out when you use your coupon!!!!
5	This place gets five stars for sure from this shrimp loving gal. Seriously don't understand why it's three star at this time. If you like HOT n JUICY, you'll love this. Personally, I think Hot n Juicy is a bit overrated. What Cravin Cajun does have:Better service. This people here are nice. Always checking up on you at the right times. They even put up the SJ Sharks hockey game for me... on TWO SCREENS with the sound ON! How's that for personal service???Better decor: Although painted brick murals may seem a bit tacky, it actually adds to the ambience of this joint. The wooden poles give it that pier feel and I can almost smell the salty ocean breeze from here. Almost. It is the dessert now.Better SHRIMP: Are you kidding me?? These shrimp are way bigger than other places!Better FLAVOR: The garlic in the sauce was poppin. It was delicious and buttery and ohso heavenly. God, I want some right now! (Don't forget the sweet potato tots to dip those suckers in there. Seriously try it!)Now, don't listen to me. Go there. Try it for yourself. GOOOO!!
5	Guuurl! If you want to get your grub on this is the place to be! My friend Lary and I stopped in here for a late dinner on Saturday night. Seems like we came at the right time! It was more of an adult crowd as all the families were leaving and taking their kiddies with them. The look of the restaurant is pretty impressive. Very nicely decorated. Sort of a "by the pier" sort of feel with the brick and wood poles. Love it. The service was incredible. We were greeted and seated right away. After one person took our order another server came over to make sure we had everything we needed. Very friendly! Everyone was so attentive. Even as we were paying and leaving the people at the front (who appeared to be the owners) were very nice and asked us what we liked most about the place and offered different menu suggestions for next time. We are totally coming back for that! I like it when people actually give a shet about the customers and try and find better ways to service them! The. Food. Was. Incredible! I am a delicate flower! Do you want me to eat with mah HANDS??? Do you know who I am? I don't get my nails done to use them as tools! We ordered two pounds of shrimp lemon peppered and sweet potato fries. The shrimp came in a big plastic bag with the soupy sauce and a small corn cob. My friend had to teach me how to take apart these little monster shrimp to get to the goodness! ha! After the first one, I was a freakin pro! Two pounds was more than enough for the both of us! The shrimp was huge and delicious in the garlicky lemon pepper sauce. Not too spicy either as sometimes "hotness" can take away from the actual taste for me. All I can say is WOW! I was very impressed and WILL be returning with my claws to dig out some more seafood!
4	Very tasty sauce on the seafood.  Shrimp are huge and very sweet.  Fried catfish basket was tasty with sweet potato tater tots and the catfish was moist and lightly crisp.  Will give this place another try when crawfish are in season.  Happy Hour 2pm to 6pm: $10 Buckets of Beer and $7.99/lb Signature Boiled Crawfish and $9.99/lb Signature Boiled Shrimp and MORE.  During non-crawfish season, frozen crawfish is $6.99/lb during happy hour.Other discounts include  10% off with UNLV Student ID, but does not work during happy hour or for alcoholic beverages.  This place is a good alternative when Hot N Juicy has a really long line, but this place needs more happy hour specials to draw customers.
4	Grilled oysters on the half shell, shrimp, and crab is where its at!Love the lemon pepper seasoning - I'd recommend this with the crab. I got the craven Cajun sauce with the shrimp.The Texas toast is yummy and the sweet potato tots are yummy.The best part I like are the sinks in the hallway before you get to the bathrooms. I know I'm strangely easy to please but I'm about the super efficiency and flexibility.This place should get more accolades and you'll dodge the hot and juicy rush.Be sure to utilize the restaurant.com couponsI'm still licking my fingers from the lemon pepper crab. yum!
4	Mmm, mmm finger to elbow licking good.  Cravin' Cajun rocked my world last night with their shrimp and crab.  I have been dying to check this place out, and my boyfriend discovered restaurant.com features this place often.  We were able to score a $25 certificate for $4.  I tried the medium spicy on both with lemon pepper on the crab and the cravin cajun spice on the shrimp.  Of the 2 spices, the lemon pepper was way yummier.  I found myself dredging my sweet potato tots through the explosively flavorful lemon pepper juices.This was my first experience with one of these types of shellfish in a bag restaurants, so I wasn't sure what to expect.  The service was friendly & efficient with a very laid back atmosphere.  There is absolutely no silverware; everything is considered finger food.  Avoid dry clean only clothing and plan to get very messy.  At first this kinda bothered me, then I got into an animal feasting mentality, in which the only thing I could say was, "It gooooood."  Don't worry about how silly you might look; wear the plastic bib they offer you.  When you're done they have a row of sinks in the back hallway to scrub down your face and arms.
3	I went here because a friend recommended that it was better than hot n juicy. When i went, the place was empty, so there wasnt any wait. I orderedcrabs and gumbo. The server was incredibly nice & on top of everything. Our food just wasnt satisfying though. It was barely mediocre. I was sad that the taste didnt make the seafood price worth it.
5	Received an impressive 16 shrimp per pound ordered. My bag was full of nice, big '16-20 count' head-on shrimp (not live but still firm and tasty) with 4 corn-on-the-cobs in the bag. It's what I always get when trying out a place like this. House spice at the 'hot' level is as flavorful and spicy as Hot And Juicy Crawfish's (HAJC) 'medium' but not as 'fermented' or 'stinky' and as a result my clothes didn't smell like old garlic when I got home. None of these types of places have live shrimp. But I have to say the shrimp here were bigger and firmer than the average shrimp at HAJC. Sometimes the shrimp at HAJC are borderline mushy and you have to speak up about it.Don't get me wrong I am a fan of the unique HAJC experience, but I think Cravin' Cajun is much cleaner and the atmosphere is much, much better. Large HDTVs all on different channels, really good service (prob cause it isn't very busy) and a brand new and beautiful no-expense spared build-out with high ceilings and lots of space between tables. Not claustrophobic at all. A more West coast experience. You don't feel like you're crowded in a Boston wharfside chowderhouse. It's relaxingly spacious - you won't get squirted on by crawfish head juice by the table neighbors behind you. (It happens ALL the time at HAJC!)The row of hallway sinks for just washing hands is a really nice touch. I'm sure it's a 'why didn't we think of that' feature that will make their competitors jealous.Yes, the heat doesn't linger, but I think the flavor is just as good without triggering post-meal stomach acrobatics (happens all the time at HAJC!)Would go back again tomorrow! I have been scoping out the right cajun seafood restaurant to take my visiting family to over the Xmas holiday. I pretty sure this is the one!
2	A Restaurant.com gift certificate and some curiosity brought my boyfriend and I to Cravin' Cajun last week Wednesday for my birthday dinner. I had done some research reading reviews on Yelp and figured "What the hell!"It was more like "What the hell?!"I would have to disagree with some of the other reviews here on Yelp. Hot n Juicy is far superior in quality and taste. We typically order crawfish, clams and king crab when we go to Hot n Juicy. It was a bummer that Cravin' Cajun didn't have any clams on that particular night. Next, they only have 2 flavors: Lemon Pepper and their Cravin' Cajun house sauce. I didn't get the punch in the tastebuds effect here as I do at Hot n Juicy. The spiciness is pretty wicked. Can't complain there.The service was very good. We were seated promptly (it was pretty empty with about only 6-7 tables being served), didn't wait too long for our food to come and our water cups were constantly filled. Sad to say, the great service wasn't enough to compensate for the mediocre food. I'm just glad I had a $25 gift certificate.I would not recommend Cravin' Cajun to any of my friends because I love them.
2	A huge group of us decided to gather here on a Saturday afternoon to try it out since they were all fans of Hot n'Juicy.  I didn't particularly feel like playing with my food on this day so I figured I'd play it safe and order the seafood sausage po'boy.  It was practically slices of sausage accompanied with two hard pieces of bread because it certainly wasn't meant to be eaten as a sandwich.  It wasn't all bad, the hush puppies and fried calamari we had to snack on were a solid way to forget about the main course.  The employees were attentive and having sinks in the hallway outside of the bathrooms is a stroke of genius considering the type of food you'll find here.At the end of the day though, I didn't care for my po'boy and the one piece of crab I did have didn't make me cry for more.  I probably won't be back here.
5	I actually find this place to be better than Hot N' Juicy. The shrimp seemed fresher and larger and the ambience is definitely nicer. The side-dish portions are larger too so you don't feel as robbed for ordering a cup of rice.
5	I've been waiting patiently for this establishment to open and it's finally here!  They're located in the same parking lot of Cafe Moda and Cue D's at Spring Mountain and Jones.  The customer service is exceptional.  We had the pleasure of meeting the owner during our last visit and she was friendly.  We ordered crawfish and shrimp both cravin cajun flavored and oh my gosh it was soooo good.  We enjoyed every single bite.    There's nothing better than great food and exceptional service.
3	well what can i say it looks like its a copy of hot n juicy and not far away from each other. And the other thing is hot n juicy is way better, don't get me wrong here this is not a bad place, their food was OK but compared to hot n juicy they had a way better special sauce than Cravin Cajun. But they did offer bigger shrimps than hot n juicy. I rather go for hot n juicy than here any day.
3	If this review was written after the first time I visited the restaurant...it would be 4 stars, but my encounter tonight finds me knocking off a star.  So generally for shellfish...if it didn't open during cooking...it's not meant to be eaten...one or two closed clams in an order is not atypical but they served us two bags full of closed clams...and the ones that were "open," someone manually cracked a 1/4 of the shell off to expose the clam....MAD GHETTO is really all I have to say to this! On a better note, the lemon pepper seasoning is delicious on the shrimp and we found ourselves consuming copious amounts of the shrimp...which were so large it seemed slightly unnatural.  Other highlights, were the sweet potato tater tots....YUM! And the dirty rice was quite flavorful as well.  And I know this is a seafood place, but they have these ridiculously good Asian wings, that make you want to keep coming to this place over and over again despite the negative aspects  I discussed before.  Although, rumor on the street is that Pho Mai Lan in Henderson may be serving up a comparable Asian wing soon =P.  So despite being upset by the "GHETTO" clams....once I brought to their attention the cooking fatality they served us...they did offer to either remove the clams from our bill or replace it with additional shrimp.  The service was attentive and i would still return to this place, but perhaps stay away from their clams unless I know they are in season.
4	I knew about this location since two weeks before it opened but finally rounded up 4 of my friends to check it out a few weeks ago because I had a restaurant.com ticket. The location is accessible and convenient in that Jones & Spring Mountain/west part of town.  We showed up here around 3-4pm and surprisingly the place was empty. We ordered calamari tasted a little overcooked when we had it as I thought the bread crumb they used was okay but nothing special. That same bread crumb was on their fried oysters that did have a little more taste and were not as overcooked. Also, we ordered their a pound of garlic shrimp and some Alaskan king crab legs in order to get the $100 certificate minimum and this was very delicious. We ordered their Lemon Pepper medium spice and an order of the Cravin' Cajun signature sauce for comparison and both tasted good. I believe some of the other locations, notably HnJ have more variety of seasoning and have a little more taste/flavor but these two flavors were still good. Overall favor this place over Hot n Juicy Crawfish (both locations), Crab Corner and the newly opened SoCal based Boiling Crab location only because they do the Restaurant.com coupon deal.
1	Going into a restaurant where the food is based off of New Orleans cuisines you expect great results. Being from New Orleans I though the food was horrible. I had corn and crab chowder it  looked like it tasted a bowl of cream corn with lumps of crab. I was so disappointed. My husband had the Crawfish Etouffe, where do I start with that? The crawfish was frozen and all you could taste was celery. We ordered  Hush puppies and they were burnt.  The only good thing that I could say about this restaurant was the Cajun fries were good and the atmosphere was really nice. We should have ran when we didn't see anyone in the restaurant at 7pm.
5	Still the best. Received a record 20 huge, firm head-on shrimp in my 1 pound w/4 corn bag my last trip in. 9.99/lb. No wait, 4 HD screens on different channels in my face, a spotlessly clean atmosphere and a really nice waitstaff. The Chef almost always comes out to greet the customers, which I think is super cool. There is absolutely NO REASON why Hot 'N' Juicy should be rated higher than Cravin' Cajun on Yelp. Cravin' Cajun is the Manny Pacquiao of cajun seafood shacks. The hands-down best, pound-for-pound. FYI to newbies, the Cravin' Cajun HOT is equivalent to Hot 'N' Juicy MEDIUM when comparing spice levels. You will leave with a perfect afterglow of mouth spice - sounds gross, but connoisseurs will know what I'm talking about. It's all about the sauce.Close to 40% of Hot 'N' Juicy's shrimps already have their dead heads lopped off and floating around in the steamer bag. Of the close to 100 shrimp I've eaten at Cravin' Cajun so far, I've only experienced 2 broken heads. And these shrimp are so big there is actually meat IN the head. Again, sounds gross, but it is a testament to Cravin' Cajun's quality.DO NOT let the Man Vs. Food appearance at Hot 'N' Juicy blind you. Cravin' Cajun does it better. It breaks my stomach to not see more people at Cravin' Cajun. Believe it, eat it, celebrate it. This underdog deserves to be the Top Dog.
4	I learned something very valuable on Sunday--trust in the Bobby.Because he's right. Cravin' Cajun has THE best quality shrimp of the three "seafood-in-a-bag" hot spots. I'll always have a soft spot for Hot N Juicy Crawfish. I also appreciate the handy napkin dispensers at Boiling Crab. But for large--and I do mean LARGE--shrimp, they just don't match up to the Cajun. Not only are they larger, but they seem to be juicier. I've never put the bib to such good use. And amazingly, every single shrimp was completely intact. I'm no expert, but that says a lot to me.So now I'm left with a tough decision. You know. First world problem type stuff. Do I go to Hot N Juicy? Or do I go to Cravin' Cajun? I'll bridge that cross when it comes to me.
2	When you're going to eat at a place like this there are things to expect.First know what you're getting into and dress appropriately. Food here is served generally out of a bag and you eat with your hands so, you'll get upset if you're wearing some favorite article of clothing that could easily be stained and ruined forever. However they do have some options for side dishes and regular entree's that don't involve eating with your hands.Now when I went there I ordered a LB of shrimp with the Cravin Cajun house sauce. I was a little saddened by the limited flavors they had to offer. If you've been to other places that serve the seafood out of the bag you know sauce makes all the difference. The sauce here wasn't  as spicy as I was hoping for nor did it have as much flavor. I like to peel my shrimp then dip it into the "bag sauce" to add extra flavor, however the bottom of my bag had almost no sauce and was completely covered in chunks of garlic bits.Also I ordered cajun fries, and one good thing they had is the seasonings they put on the cajun fries they gave you in a shaker at your table, that way you can add more. This is a good thing because when you order your cajun fries they sprinkle the seasoning on top and when you get to the middle you just have regular fries and all of the seasoning is gone.Service, when it came to taking our order the girl who was supposed to wait on us, didn't know we were seated yet so that was a miscommunication, and when our food came people only stopped by for refills not to check how the food was, or ask us how we were doing They just grabbed our water cups and filled it up then left. However when it came time for the bill they brought it immediately and took it immediately, as if they were rushing us out or they just wanted their tip.Lastly their portions are small, my 1lb bag of shrimp only has 15 pieces of shrimp in it, maybe the shrimp had a little bigger head, but the body of the shrimp was the same size as other restaurants. I'd rather have more for my dollar in quantity not just in the head size, and I think some of the weight of my bag went to all of the garlic bits I had.I've been to this restaurant on the east coast in Florida, they can do better than this. The Las Vegas location needs to step it up, and bring the east cloast flavor to the west.
2	Yup..there's no wait..and there's a reason for that...the food isn't all that great.  My Seafood-in-a-bag seasoning tasted like a salt lick.  If they cut back on the sodium, I would have been able to better describe the food, but my tastebuds were numb from all the salt.  My S.O. really liked his grilled fish plate..matter of fact, he ordered two plates.  If you go, try the grilled plates, pass on the rest.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!  (for Vegas)  I lived in Louisiana for many years, so I know there is better.  But, this is the best place in Vegas for boiled shrimp and crawfish.6 Reasons why I prefer Cravin Cajun over Hot N Juicy1.  Larger shrimp2.  Better seasoning.  One of our friends said it was too salty and they prefer Hot N Juicy.  I did not agree.  I thought the seasoning was accurate.  Brought back memories of crawfish boils at the park in summertime Louisiana.  Seasoning so hot you were destined to have chapped lips afterwards.  Also, lots of garlic.  I love to dip the meat in the seasoning after removing the head and shell.3.  Washing stations near the rest rooms.  Sinks, soap, and paper towels.  Eating boiled shrimp and crawfish is messy.  If you rub your face and get seasoning in your eyes it WILL ruin your day.4.  Sweet potato tater tots.  Yummy!5.  More seating, longer tables, and more booths6.  Better parkingThey did not purge the crawfish or shrimp.  That is, the gastrointestinal track was still full of poop.  Yuck!  However, I ate anyway knowing that it would not hurt me.  Otherwise, this place would have been shut down long ago.  In Louisiana we soak them in salt water for a while before cooking.  This causes them to purge everything from their system.The shrimp and crawfish were served in clear, plastic bags.  Wear your bib and leave the shells on the plastic table cloth.  Shrimp and crawfish were served in shell with head on.We really enjoyed our experience here and will definitely be returning.
5	We couldn't decide on where to go for dinner last night. My friends and I were meeting up to play pool at Cue D's and we saw this place. I've been to Hot n Juicy Crawfish and Boiling Crab as well but this place beats both! The shrimp was bigger and it was very tasty! I love how the place isn't too big. They have tv everywhere. We sat on a booth and didn't miss the game last night ;) oh and I like how I didn't have to go inside the restroom to wash my hands. They have sinks outside their restroom and i thought that was very cool. The customer service was great! They were very friendly. Another thing I loved about this place is that they carry something else on their menu that is not seafood. So it was perfect because one of my friends was allergic to seafood and he still get to eat with us. He ended up getting their chicken alfredo. I give this place two thumbs up! Love it, love it! Definitely coming back and I'll make sure everyone I know gets to try this place!! Yummm :P just remember when you're here expect to get dirty!! ;)
5	WOOPTYWOO!Review number 101 for one of my favorite places in the entire galaxy!WHO: Bring the entire family! =DWHERE: Spring Mountain & Jones.WHEN:  11:30am-10pm weekdays, and 2pm-10pm on weekends! & I also believe that everyday from 2-6pm, it is happy hour! Meaning... $2 off entree meals?WHY: If you love SHRAMPPP, crawfish, crab, and all the delicious sea creatures as much as me, force some shoes on and run there. Now... NOW!WHAT:  First thing's first. The moment I first walked in, I fell in love with how the restaurant's simplicity and calmness gave off such a positive vibe! Ofcourse, as I opened the door to such an exciting aroma, I was greeted by most everyone on staff which genuinely made me happier inside.Tangent. Yes, there are getting to be a few competitors, as Hot N Juicy has been a hit, and The Boiling Crab has now opened the Las Vegas location. Yes, they are all good locations. And No, I passionately believe that none of them can beat the zest, zing, zeeeliciousness (I make up words sometimes) of CRAVIN' CAJUN.  Sorry, I get a tad bit enthused when I talk about my favorites. Haha.Back on track.  When my cousin and I were finally seated, I looked around and wondered why there weren't as many people as I thought there would be, since I did hear by word-of-mouth that this place was "bombdotcom."  The lack of people in the room didn't scare me away though!So, for those of you who have never been to a seafood place like this, be amazed and be ready to get down and dirty with your hands!  If you decide to get that delectable seasoned seafood in a bag, you can choose from 3 different seasonings, and can choose between crab (king/blue/snow), shrimp (my usual choice), crawfish (it's better when fresh, not frozen, so ask!), and clams.I absolutely love, love, love their Lemon Pepper seasoning! I also love their "Ravin' Cajun" seasoning.. It's a mixture of both their seasonings on the menu.  This one, you have to ask for bec you won't be able to find it on the menu. Super yummy!  Also, as I continue rambling, If you want your seafood complimented... try the cajun fries, sweet potato tots, sweet potato fries, or even a bowl of white rice. ;) (I personally love sweet potato everything!)For those of you who like to keep it on the safe side, there are seafood baskets which include: fried catfish, fried oysters (yum!), and a bunch of other things I haven't tried yet! =) Better yet, they got some chicken wings you can enjoy! =D.From reading all these random thoughts I tried to type down, this place is a MUST SEE, MUST EAT, AND A MUST DO (on your food list, of course!)  Have fun, bring the family, and maybe I'll see you there! =)
4	A place that wins my mama's heart, wins my heart too. I took my family out to dinner here. I wanted my first time trying it to be an experience I could share with the rest of my family. Because they know I'm a Yelp addict, they were mocking me. Describing the detail of the place, and the food they had. Here's the breakdown.My sister: "I love that the place is so clean, and the interior are so properly put into place. You sure can't miss the games playing on tv here since in every angle you turn, there's a freaking tv."Mom: "Wow. I love this place! Their oysters are ssssooo good. It's big! Usually other places I go their oysters are so small. This one is so big that I can't eat anymore of it."Brother-in-law: "This catfish is good. I taste a light cajun flavor to it, but it's still good!"Me? I had the 1 lb lemon pepper shrimp. I opt for the medium spice which the nice waitress explained would be comparable to a 6 in spice. Did I taste a hint of sweetness in the sauce? I think so..I don't know if it's like some secret bbq sauce, house sauce, or even sugar..but it won my heart. It didn't taste much like lemon pepper, but I didn't mind since the sauce was just awesome either way. Lemon pepper schmemon pepper. Emily was so wonderful She was so patient with us We asked for a lot of small things, and requested a wrong order be changed. She was just so nice to get what we needed. Not a hint of irritation her face! She was always quick and prompt at getting what we requested. Thank you Emily for putting up with us! $2.50 for drinks$9.99 for a lb of shrimp (but varies. it is by market price)$8.99 for 6/raw oysters$8.99 for catfish combo $1.50 extra for the sweet potato option. (Oh! mom LOVED the sweet potatoe. She's a big sweet potatoe fan.)Satisfied customers? Priceless...They also have happy hour! Yay happy hour!
4	Like the name implies, there are some days that I simply find myself Cravin' Cajun.  So away I went not too far back to try this place out.  I like the concept of "seafood in a bag" (as Paolo puts it).  It's messy, it's fun, and there's a lot of food to pick through.  We had a big table, so it took a little while to serve all of us, but once that matter was taken care of, the eating began.Their crawfish are good.  I got a 1 pound medium level spicy bag, and the serving was excellent.  The problem with crawfish in general, however, is the fact that for all of its tastiness, it's just a little meat on that sucker.  Don't misunderstand me.  The choice was excellent and I don't regret it, but after seeing the shrimp that the others got, I know what I'm going to have to get the next time round.They have other seafood/Cajun treats if "crustacean in a sack" isn't so much your thing, and their beer selection is fun.  They have a beer served in a Buddha-shaped bottle that is top-notch, and the mugs weren't just frosty cold, they were freezing cold.  That's going to be a great experience to check out when the weather warms up. Prices were respectable, service was patient and friendly with the large crowd, and the bibs kept all the food bits off the front of the shirt (which you'll find that you are going to need).  I've been wanting to try this place for a while now, and now that I have, I have a justifiable reason to return.  I'm still on my "Cajun Quest" to find THE perfect spot, but this is definitely a top ranking contender.  I'll have to sample the other foodstuffs before I can give away such a title so easily.But you're okay, little seafood place.  You're okay.
3	I realize I need to preface this review with a little insight into my obsession with crawfish, as they represent the single greatest food pursuit of my life - no kidding. I have been lucky enough in life to have joined some of the country's greatest crawfish festivals and eaten at some of the most renowned crawfish joints.When the sign first appeared above the doors of this traditional Asian section of town, I got so excited I nearly got t-boned by an SUV trying to cross the road. Of course, it wasn't open yet, so I shed a small tear and considered heading over to H&J's to satisfy this sudden crawfish craze that came over me - of course, that's when I remembered I aint a big fan of H&J's.Weeks later, I saw people scurrying about around the place and, once again, I broke several traffic laws trying to get turned around. Apparently, this time they were having a little job fair, looking for a staff I guess (don't think I didn't consider a sudden career change).Then, life got busy, they opened and I didn't even notice. It was several weeks before I happened to catch that distinguishable sign again, so of course I dropped everything I was doing just to get some of those delicious bugs that make my life happy.Okay - that's the end of my happy.Now for the review. Cravin' Cajun is just another H&J - with a little bit different sauce. The problem, as is the problem with H&J's, is that, apparently, crawfish in Vegas means 2 things. * Tiny, little, midget crawfish.* Impossibly overwhelming sauce.The crawfish were almost too small to eat, I should have probably just ate them whole - it would have been better. Where do they get these things? And the sauce (while honestly quite delicious) so overpower the crawfish, you can't even taste those wonderful juices that come from sucking the head. People, crawfish have a delicious flavor, and it's completely lost in the sauce.So in conclusion, Vegas still doesn't have a decent crawfish joint. Can't a guy catch a break?
4	What a pleasant surprise! We thought it would be another Hot and Juicy type spot: "Too much for too little" but it wasn't. The shrimp were HUGE, the crawfish were tasty. Going back for sure!We were there on a Friday night at 8 and the music stunk (why not play cajun or zydeco?) and it's a little bright (feels a bit like the DMV) but still 4 stars.
2	I went to Cravin' Cajun last night with my fiance and my parents.  We wanted to go to Boiling Crab, but they close at 9 pm.  Cravin' Cajun closes at 10 pm.  We arrived at 9:10 pm, perhaps too close to closing.  We ordered sweet potato tater tots, 2 lbs shrimp in lemon pepper (medium), 1 lb shrimp in Cajun (medium), 1 lb crawfish in Cajun (medium), and two orders of white rice.  It took a long time for the food to come out.  The tots came first.  They were pretty good.  Then came everything else.  The first few crawfish were pretty good.  Then a hit a few that were awful.  The tails were mushy like watered down mashed potatoes.  I'm guessing they were frozen, thawed, and refrozen a few times.  The shrimp in Cajun were too few.  I swear it was less than a lb.  Perhaps they weighed the bag with the water in it.  The shrimp in lemon pepper was way over salted.  It hung like a slurry in the bag over coating the shrimp.  The seasonings were off.  The shrimp would not peel.  Not sure why.  I think it was over-cooked.  We guessed that they combined all the stuff that they were about to throw out (it was almost closing).  The meat did not have the bounce that fresh shrimp does.  The rice was skimpy.  My fiance said it was stinky and smelled old like it was left over from yesterday.  The people working there were very friendly.  The bill came in just under $60.  One iced tea for $2.50, each rice cost $1.49, and four lbs of meat.  My first experience was amazing.  I'm super disappointed.  How could the place go from five starts to two?  I felt like I was in an episode of Kitchen Nightmares with Chef Gordon Ramsey.
4	After reading a fellow Yelper's unfortunate recent experience with mushy seafood here, I decided to go back to do a 'checkup' meal and ALAS! I encountered four mushy shrimp in my standard 1lb shrimp order w/4 corn on the cobs. This has never been the case before, and when notified, the manager offered to send an additional 6 shrimp out (which were all very fresh and perfectly cooked) to replace the bad ones. I was relieved, yet still a bit hungry so I doubled down and ordered another 1lb of shrimp. In the new bag I still found one mushy shrimp, which led me to believe that consistency is a bit off when Cravin' Cajun is busy, and the place was the busiest I've seen: there were about 50 persons present for dinner. (In my 8 visits over the past 3 months we have been one of only 2 or 3 tables.)I am happy to see that Cravin' Cajun is finally seeing some good business, but I was disappointed to discover mushy characteristics of it's competitors (HAJC and Boiling Crab) making me question whether it is possible during a busy order rush to execute the high quality of shrimp-in-a-bag that Cravin' Cajun was putting out previously.CC's manager seemed truly concerned and I did appreciate his efforts. I will check in again during peak hours to see if this 'growing pain' has gone away and to see if CC is back to serving up the consistently phenomenal shellfish that I have grown to love. I've eaten here 8 times in a row without variance and will chalk up this 9th visit as a hiccup. I look forward my update (fingers crossed) as early as next week!
4	6 hours later and I still smell like garlic and Cravin' Cajun seasoning. While I am somewhat indifferent to edible crustaceans, I particularly enjoyed my first experience here.We got here after 4pm. Since my dining companion was gluten-free, the first thing we did was ask the hostess if they had gluten-free items. She wasn't sure what that meant at first, but some explanation and minutes later, the answer was yes. We were seated soon after. After getting our drink order, the hostess/server and one of the kitchen staff (I think) came out and asked us again about the gluten-free thing. We listed everything that could not be eaten: wheat, oats, barley, etc etc. They wrote it down and went back to the kitchen to double-check. The kitchen staffer came back and explained that the seasoning / lemon pepper was all good and safe to eat. Yay! We ordered 2 lbs of crawfish, one with the Cravin' Cajun seasoning and the other with lemon pepper. We also got some corn, potatoes and a side of white rice.While the wait wasn't terribly long, we did ask for some crayons to draw on the parchment paper on the table when there was a lull in our conversation. But right after we got the crayons, the food came out!Honestly didn't know what to expect really. The server plopped down two bags filled with bright red things, a bowl of rice, and a fork. I guess the bemused looks on our faces prompted the server to ask if we wanted gloves. We figured out how to eat the little buggers and had quite a good time. I liked the slightly sweet Cravin' Cajun seasoning while my dining companion preferred the lemon pepper. The sauce and garlic in the bag was really yum with the rice.I'd like to come back sometime and try their bag o' shrimpies.
4	My husband and I recently returned from a trip to New Orleans.  There, we had many delightful meals.  So today, we were in the mood for cajun and wanted to know what this place had to offer.We had no trouble getting a table, it was early for dinner.  We were greeted with enthusiasm and told about specials.  Our drinks came right away, and after a review of the menu, our orders were placed. We ordered Jambalaya to share as an appetizer, and I got a combination platter served with french fries, I chose oysters and catfish.  It was crispy, golden and satisfying.  Overall, a good meal, this place serves by the pound and as spicy as you want.  I know we will be back.
5	A must stop when I'm in Las Vegas for Cajun.  I have eaten her numerous times and never a let down.  I keep going back.  Great food and exceptional staff.
5	Not a single doubt, the last visit was a hiccup. I've been back twice since for fair measure, and the freshness of the shrimp and taste of the sauce is dialed-in more than ever. Hot has evolved into a true 'hot' so medium heat-seekers should stick to medium.CC has a taste and quality that I actually crave. This is an exciting time to be an underrated seafood-in-a-bag restaurant in Vegas - word of mouth should take this place to the next level of popularity in a matter of days. So much care goes into the food and service here, one visit and you will be a fan!CC rules this genre. This ain't hype!
5	I almost died in this restaurant from the spiciness.  Having said that, the shrimp is amazing.  Granted I didn't taste a lot of it because my mouth was burning, but for that 5 minutes that I had normal sensation, the food was wonderful.  The shrimps (yes shrimps with an s) were whole and big.  Complemented with beer and cajun fries, fantastic!!!Owners/ staff so nice and humble, makes the experience better.  This place should have better reviews!!
5	Granted I've gone soft over the years, my spicy legend will be forever remembered online. So trust me when I say beware of the "Hot" level of spice here! Once you get past the heat, the Cravin' Cajun's sauce is the most flavorful sauce I've ever had at any crawfish joint. Sweet, salty, tangy, garlicky, buttery. Very well balanced! No garlicky aftertaste when you're done eating (but for sure you will be reeking of it the morning of). As for the decor, this place is well thought out. Extra sinks so you can wash up after without waiting for the bathrooms is GENIUS!
4	The catfish po-boy, crab bisque,  and hush puppies are all very good.  Great place, fantastic service.
2	I was excited to see this place. I have been to other places with the same concept and was expecting something better. I must say it was a let down, the place looks like a joes crab shack. The server was polite and friendly but walking into that place was walking into a morgue. Dead and Dead with a lot of tvs and none on. the vibe was dry and when I got my 1 pound of shrimp hot well it was disappointing. People wrote how hot and how it burns. Well it did, but the taste was of chill powder and cayanne. The flavor was not infused and just tasted bland. The tots were very good and I must say a highlight of the place. I will never come back but It does have potential and with music might be fun. With some ambiance it would rock. Food needs more time to allow flavor to sink in. I wish it the best...
5	Just excellent service, good food, and fun atmosphere.
3	3 1/2 stars.  Some time ago when my friend Angela moved here I took her to one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  The Hot N Spicy Crawfish.  She loved it.  Well, this night we were driving around deciding where to eat and drive by Cravin' Crajun's billboard.  She mentions that this place opened up and is the prior's competition though she's never been.  So we decide to give it a try.Place is pretty spacious and clean.  We get seated and order the fried calamari, a pound of shrimp and a pound of snow crab legs.  We go mild on the spices and get the lemon flavor for the shrimp and their specialty sauce for the crab legs.The calamari comes out 1st and it's honestly, pretty terrible.  Like a 1-2.  Definitely would never order this again.  Seriously disappointing.  Batter is too thick and the calamari is overcooked.The main food comes in big plastic bags and we share the shrimp and crab legs.  They're pretty damn good.  Both the lemon and their house sauce are really tasty.  They flavor is less intense than what you get at the Hot N Spicy and Angela actually liked the sauce here better because it's not as spicy.   Lots of garlic bits in both, actually tons of garlic bits in both and I found myself wishing I had some bread to sop up the left over sauces.  So overall definitely a good experience and would definitely come back here.  There's no doubt in my mind that given some more time and experience, this place will (hopefully) step up and really be a great eating experience that will definitely rival the Hot N Spicy.
4	I went into this mall looking for the BBQ and noodle place that was recommended to me, but saw the signage for this place so decided to go with something new.  It was pretty clean and well lit.  Service was pretty fast, very friendly and helpful.  I ordered the calamari and pound of shrimp in their special sauce.  The calamari was pretty good, a 3/5.  That is to say, it was on par with other places, but not spectacular.  The shrimp was very good, and the sauce was extremely flavorful.  Pick your level of spicyness / hotness carefully.  I like hotness in moderation, so be sure you tell them that, otherwise, you will pay for it.  My sauce was a bit spicy (but really good still), so I was sweating at the end, and then I left the air conditioned restaurant into 106 degree heat, and sweated in a hot car until the AC kicked in.So, overall, the atmosphere was good, the food was good, and overall the experience rated a 4/5.  Plenty of parking.
1	Although I am from out of town, is this place really good to people?? Honestly, I've had much much better cajun food.  The reason this place event gets any stars is because my waitress was very nice and patient.  I ordered one pound of shrimp with the medium house sauce, grilled sausages also with their house sauce, cajun fries, and sweet potato fries. My shrimp came in one bag (not double bagged, like every cajun restaurant I've been to) therefore, the bag was leaking sauces.  This would not be the problem if there was more sauce to begin with. There was barely any cajun sauce, therefore I had to ask for more. Their sausages were burnt. Their cajun fries were just regular fries with a few sprinkles of seasoning.  You are NOT provided with bibs or containers to put your shrimp shells in and you have to ask for limes. I could go on, and on about everything wrong with this place! It is no wonder this place was so dead on a friday night.  I only resorted coming here because Hot and Juicy Crawfish had a long wait.. but next time I'm in town, I am definitely not coming back here and I'm heading to Hot and Juicy!
2	Had a coupon for this place and wanted to try some good cajun shrimp and crab legs!  We had both plus hush puppies and sweet potato tots.  Food was OK- the medium heat was still spicy but a good spicy!  The thing was... they never offered any sauces, any silverware, and we had to track down our waitress several times to reorder beers.  The restaurant was clean, but service was non-existent.  When we left, we thought it was alright, but not alright enough to return. Good thing we had a coupon.
4	Overall, the flavor of their seasoning is bland compared to their rivals at Boiling Crab and Hot n Juicy Crawfish. The seafood was fresh, so that was a major plus. I also enjoyed their diverse menu. It was more along the lines of a true cajun style restaurant as opposed to a crawfish house. I'd definitely go back. Worth a shot!
5	I love how there are a variety of menu options here (vs. Hot N Juicy), and their cajun sause is so unique...it's tasty and DELICIOUS!!  The service here is wonderful, as they are always upbeat, happy, polite, and care about your dining experience.
3	Got a coupon from Restaurants.com and thought i would try it out, i was a little skeptical with the reviews online. We went in the place had a funny smell, kinda of like a old lady house, but we ordered 2 pounds of snow crab and 1 pound of shrimp, medium spice with there house specialty flavor. It was pretty good, I was surprised. Granted its not as good as the local competitors Boiling Crab, and Hot N Juicy. It was pretty good from the price we paid and what we got, the service could have been better. But either that it was good, I will go back again.Oh and they have extra sinks to wash your hands outside of the bathrooms, which is very convenient!
3	Food here is actually pretty ok but the wait staff is nasty. Been here about 3 times when Hot N Juicy is too crowded and every time we come we're greeted with scowls and we're not a bunch of freaks! The one Asian waitresses especially hates life.
4	This place has really good original food. I saw it on TV once as one of the must go spots of Las Vegas and decided to give it a try. The spices they use to condiment the shrimp and crab have really good flavors and are kind of addictive.  This is a must go if you like spicy seafood.
3	I would go back one more time to see if it is better then hot and juicy
3	3.5 Stars -  YELP add the half star option.............. We ate at Cravin' Cajan last Friday. Many items come in mild, med, hot or crazy hot. We went with hot and I'd say it was right on. Our order was:Catfish & fries basket  $8.99  (our appetizer)Crawfish Etouffee  $10.99  (house sauce, hot)Grilled Fish Platter $9.99Side order of Boiled Potatoes  $1.49  (house sauce, hot)Pros:The restaurant was clean and cute. The food was fresh, served up nice, steaming hot and pleanty spicy. Catfish could have been a little thicker, but it was still quite tasty. Fries were better than most places, but not sure I would call them Cajun. Etouffe was hot and had a lot of crawfish, which is always good. They didn't skimp on the fish platter. The fish was moist, flaky and served with lots of grilled peppers and onions. Boiled spuds were great, but order them in the bag or ask for extra sauce. I ordered them on a plate and while it did have some sauce it wasn't enough for me, so had to ask for more.Cons:The dirty rice that came with the fish platter was flat. I'm no dirty rice expert, but compared to dirty rice I've had before  I thought their version was bland. The service was hit and miss. At first our server would come by constantly, like 3-4 times in just 3-4 minutes (little over kill). Then we wouldn't see our server for 15-20 minutes.  Maybe that was so we could enjoy or meal in peace. The problem with that was we were out of drinks when she dropped off the main courses and I needed more sauce. We finally flagged down a bus boy and asked him to find our server. Then the server did it again when we were ready to pay the check.
4	Good food .prices are average the service is good . Portion wise its fair. I had the jambalaya and gumbo. If you don't do to well with spicy food do not get your food spicy because the mediam spice is pretty hot.
2	Service was great, the restaurant was empty and the crawfish was crap! It wasn't cooked all the way, the po'boy was very bland, the corn on the cob tasted like faucet water. This place is definitely on the bottom of my list. First time my husband didn't finish his 2lbs of crawfish. Very disappointing. :-(
3	I know everyone compares this place to Hot&Juicy, and it's understandable. However the flavor here when you go with that extra extra hot, blows Hot&Juicy's spice level out the park! I usually go to these style places for snow crab, and my bf gets the king. If we're not sweating and dying for some sort of bread to eat, were not satisfied. The flavor, freshness, and size of your portions in my opinion top H&J and the Boiling crab.  But they were ducked 2 stars for very critical factors. One, service. It sucked, they were half way polite, and not on top of it at all, either time I've dined. Second, the corn and crab chowder. Ok if you're going to add fresh crab to something, don't ruin it with Campbell's soup. Or whatever brand of cream corn they used. Which is EXACTLY what the chowder was, canned creamed corn with NO extra seasonings, and a few crab lumps. Save your $9! Go for the huge crab, shrimp & crawfish, skip the rest!
3	Saturday at 12:30pm, this place was a ghost town. I believe we were their first customer of the day. Boiling Crab is better in terms of the Cajun flavored sauce and variety of food. We ordered a pound of Cajun flavored shrimp and a pound of lemon flavored shrimp. Both were flavorful but there os something missing in their flavor and i cant figure what it was. We also had the calamari which was just ordinary. At 2pm when we were leaving, so far only 2 couples came in. I hope this place survives. I don't really like restaurants closing down.
3	The place is just another typical crawfish.  Note: the crawfish are a bit tiny and was not that fresh, and trust me my friend works for Boiling Crab so I pretty much know the difference.  The service was decent, but the workers there need to smile more.  It's Vegas!! You want your customers to be happy after losing money from casinos.  It's good, but it's just typical..
5	One of the best restaurants for boiled shrimp. A group of 8 came in on the day before Christmas Eve and were shocked by how empty the place was. We sat down right away and started to order food while we waited for everyone to join.The going rate for seafood is about the same as the other places around, but the quality is what makes them better. The shrimp are large, juicy, tender, and only a few lost their heads. The freshness of these beauties caught my eye and the taste was phenomenal. Their super spicy is no joke. I love me some burn, but this was down four glasses of water hot. By the time we finished, the bill was a little over $100 and we got a little of everything to try. Cravin' is unbeatable.
5	This place blows Hot & Juicy and Boiling Crab out of the water!!!!  I always order a pound of shrimp cravin cajun style mild with medium sauce on the side for my Sweet Potato tots. If you haven't dipped the tots in the sauce yet, you're missing out. Love their catfish basket as well. Huge pieces of catfish lighlty battered. Delicious! Cravin Cajun offers great sides, and a better variety of sodas.  The service can be hit and miss but it is no worse than H&J, in fact its still better since I don't have to wait hours to be crammed in a tiny table. The tables are lined with paper so no extra dishes needed, just drop the shells on the table as you finish. And if you don't want to get your hands dirty, they offer gloves and bibs as needed.
4	I'm surprised this place doesn't get more love.Things we liked:+Several hand washing stations outside the restrooms with Paper Towels (unlike Boiling Crab)+Nicely padded booth seats+Good music+Clean, delicious snow crab+Tasty fried shrimp+Participates on Restaurant.com+Shaker of seasoning on the table+Open early every dayDidn't like so much:-Iced tea-Corn-Cajun friesWe'll be back.
5	Good lookin out dawg (Jesse N)! I'm bout to get buck on the crawfish
5	Hands down wayyyy better than Boiling Crab and Hot n Juicy!! We love the crawfish!! It was both very tasty and really fresh!! We're from California and always come here when we visit Vegas!! Everyone should come here!
3	Sadly, I had to take a star away because of service.  Everything else was fine.I'm going to put it out there, how do you fall behind in service when there is only about 2 parties in the whole restaurant?  I watched you take my empty cup, filled it up, walked towards the table, and not drop it off.  Then you came back after I was almost done eating to tell me "sorry, I got caught up in the back."  Not to mention we ordered all of your hush puppies (yes they were darn good).  After 4-5 baskets, another server told us there's no more.  The food was great, nothing wrong at all.  The hot, cajun flavor was the right choice, may be too hot for some.  One of the stand outs was the fried oysters.  WOW.. very nicely prepared by the cook.  Took one bite and the batter did not break.  I'm mixed with this crunchy and gooy feeling plus tabasco.  The shrimp was not over steamed like some other houses where it was hard.  Crawfish is not in season of course, but we made an order anyways.  The hush puppies, we ate them all! Literally! Server did tell us there was no more.  My friend got sad.  I felt that he lost his appetite after hearing that.  The atmosphere is very similar to the other crawfish houses.  Booth or table setting.  Multiple tv and a bar area like.  Bottle beers and such, no actual well.  Pretty nice to see they are very efficient with the sinks outside of the bathrooms.  Easy access to prevent greasy doorknobs..I would actually come back, maybe.. If a friend decides to dine here, but because of service, I would not come back on my own choice.Side note, parking is a bit tight since it is shared with few other restaurants in the plaza.
5	Hushpuppies are DELICIOUS. Shrimp & King Crab are AWESOME.  Service was great!  Be prepared to get your hands dirty!!
5	LOVE this place! I would choose this place over Hot N Juicy any day. Laid back atmosphere with great use of space. TVs throughout restaurant, comfy booths, extra sinks on the outside of restrooms for convenience and not over crowded. Actually, everyone should come here and make them busier! Now for the real reason I come here... a bag full of Succulent Shrimp (with heads on them so be prepared) immersed in the best lemon pepper garlic sauce I've had! I get mild and it still has a lil kick to it. Pair it with some white rice drizzled with the sauce, some yummy tots, or shrimp alone and you're good to go! Another fav of mine is the crawfish bisque: rich, creamy, and very tasty!Definitely My Top Spot for a Seafood Fill! Bonus: Butter Mints & you don't leave stinkyMy Favorites:Shrimp by the lbs (Lemon Pepper, Mild)Crawfish Bisque Crawfish Tail Basket w/ Sweet Potato TotsCatfish BasketSeafood Salad
4	My husband stopped at Cravin Cajun on our last day in Las Vegas. We debated on which restaurant to go to locate in the strip mall and made up its mind one we saw their awesome menu. As an appetizer, we had the fried calimari. Now my husband and I are conessuiers of fried calimari and were not disappointed here.  The calimari seems to have been coated with corn meal and was truly crispy and well seasoned. My husband and I both had Po' Boys half with grilled shrimp and half with fried crawfish. I had a side of spicy sweet potato fried. My husband had the seasoned fries. Even though I love a good cocktail, we both enjoyed Sprite with lime which was super refreshing and well paired with the Po Boys. The last next time we are in Vegas, we will find there again!!
1	I really wasn't that impressed my first time eating here last week. First of all, the service wasn't up to par that day. In the beginning our waiter seemed to be attentive, but throughout the night he slacked. Everyone at my table ordered king crab legs and when they came out several of the orders were wrong. It also seemed like a really small portion for the amount of pounds they had ordered. Then to find out each bag was $25 a piece was horrendous. It is way too much for just two stingy crab legs. The sauce wasn't that great, it had too much garlic flavoring and although I absolutely love garlic, this one just stayed in my mouth for hours after I was done dining (even after having one of their delicious and unique butter-mints) and that's a not so pleasant experience. The one thing I really enjoyed was their Cajun fries. The flavoring had just enough kick. After eating here I became sick for a few days and so did my friend who shared my bag with me.  I'd have to say I prefer hot n juicy and boiling crab over this place any day.
3	Cravin Cajun is a normal place to eat. Well, what does that mean? It means that while nothing stands out, nothing was bad.So the layout is well done with both bench and booth seating. The only complaint is the glaring lightbulb that is right at eye level but on request, it can be dimmed.The food was good but not very spicy, so that really depends on your individual preference as to why you chose to go to a Cajun themed place in the first place. The sweet potato tots were good, as was the calamari appetizer. The dish, a mix of catfish and prawns, was good as well. The service, you guessed it, normal. I noticed a few others citing poor service. I was surprised at the small menu selection and a noticeable lack of 'here is the main entree area' from which to choose. The price was normal as well but it correlated with the portion size, normal.So, try it and see if there is a normal item that you may like.
3	Dang. Had to check and double check, and this is now 3 times in a row that the sauce (Cravin' Cajun Medium) has been too salty, and completely missing the overall richness that it had before. Part of my triple check was going to The Boiling Crab last night and I realized what I was missing. For about a year straight, Cravin' Cajun had the best sauce going. Cravin' Cajun STILL has the best quality shrimp of any of the big three (HJC, TBC, CC) by far - they are huge. You will be impressed by this. But unfortunately their sauce recipe has changed for the worse. Total bummer!Hot 'N' Juicy has the worst quality shrimp but arguably the best sauce as of today (June 2013). Boiling Crab somewhere in the middle (decent shrimp, sauce just OK).And the red stars fall, sadly.Recipe for the best bag of cajun shrimp in town? Get a Boiling Crab server to come with you, grab a cup of Hot 'N' Juicy sauce to-go, pour it in a bag of gloriously-sized Cravin' Cajun shrimp.
3	I really wish I could give 2 1/2 stars, because that's probably about right.  I cam here with a medium-sized group (10 people) after work one afternoon.  It was lunch time, so there weren't many customers.  Despite this, the food came out slowly and inconsistently.  Some of us were almost finished eating by the time the last people got their food.  The food itself was also very inconsistent.  Some people were very happy, while others were left thinking "eh, it was fine".  I was in the latter group.  My food was ok, but not great.  I wasn't sure what to order, so I tried the shrimp alfredo.  The shrimp was rubbery and the sauce was flavorless.  While the seasoning on the shrimp was good, it was less than exciting because it was overcooked.  I also tried the fried shrimp and cajun fries (both came to the table ice cold).  The batters needed more seasoning.Those that ordered the boiled shrimp and crawfish were happy.  I didn't have the opportunity to try either.
4	Food wise, Cravin Cajun is so damn good! I prefer them over Hot n' Juicy. I like their sauce a little better and the lemon sauce is soo yummy on the side! The damn cajun fries were so good too! I have absolutely no complaints when it comes to the food. The waiter service is a different story. I was not feeling any of the servers what so ever! He took our order, wrote it all down and then when they served our food, three things were missing. We gave it time to see if maybe the were going to bring it out, but NOPE! We had to ask. I was just confused like ummmmm, YOU WROTE OUT ORDER DOWN! lol. In a one hour period of being there, they came by ONCE to see if we needed refills. All in all... FOOD WAS THE BOMB, SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE!
4	Great service ! We love this place. It's actually funny how we came here. we were first heading to BOILING CRABS then they had like an hour wait, so we came here instead. to be honest, we like this place better than boiling crab. Seasoning are yummy && they have kiddy cajun so kids love it to and service is always good. i would definitely recommend it to friends..
5	I love this place way more than Boiling Crab and Hot and Juicy. The atmosphere is laid back and the service is quick. I feel that their sauce has waaaay more flavor than Boiling Crab whose sauce is quite watered down. And after eating at Hot and Juicy, I got sick. But yeah, I love this place so much! Would definitely recommend.
5	I think it is better than both Hot and Juicy and Boiling Crab. They have desserts!Ice Cream just makes scenes after you have spicy food.They also have plates and forks!!!!
5	The food here is incredible. Had a deal on Restaurant.com so we came down to check it out. I ordered the Catfish w/Fries & my husband ordered the Shrimp & Catfish w/fries. The food was heavenly. I couldn't stop eating until every bit of it was gone. We went at about 6 or 7 in the evening on a Tuesday and it  wasn't very busy. The staff was friendly. Not a long wait for food. Their catfish was seasoned perfectly and you have to get the seasoned fries to top it off. Beats The Boiling Crab by a mile.
5	Clean, delicious, great service, amazing wine ... Love it!!Better food than Hot and Juicy by far ... Cleaner than any other crawfish business around... And they have deserts ;)
4	Fiendin for awhile now but haven't been able to go back because my schedule has been too busy. Well, finally I got that break in my schedule. Made the trip to Cravin Cajun to find out everything is just the way I remember it.....except for the way they serve the shrimp. I know it's minor and the shrimp still tastes great but......I am not a fan of it being served on a dish. Bring back the bags please. Getting sloppy pulling shrimp out of the bag is fun. The plating of shrimp in this place is too formal for the ambiance. This is a fun place...bags r fun.I still luv the place, bring back the bags and I'll give u the 5th star.
4	I'm allergic to shellfish so I'm reviewing this from my mom and boyfriend's point of view.They thoroughly enjoyed their bags of  Mild Cajun Shrimp and Cajun Fries. It was very seasoned, portions were huge, shrimp was succulent and mild was spicy enough. I ordered the Catfish while they dove in to their bags of shrimp & I enjoyed mine. It had a good Cajun flavor but a tad bit too salty.Service could be better too. Dined here twice already with different servers and they both seemed stressed and distracted serving us. Maybe they need a few more servers so they're not all going crazy? Both times, we waited extremely long for our food, refills to our beverages and for our check too. But I'm rating for the food and we give it a 4.
3	2ND VISIT--The food is ALWAYS excellent and the establishment is always up to par and clean but the service always seems to disappoint me. The servers are really nice, don't get me wrong but they are NEVER attentive at all. With us being there for almost 2 hours eating, they only checked on us twice for refills. We waited for at least 20 minutes after we were done eating for them to bring us our check and then another 15 minutes for them to come and get my debit card. It's like they seat you and then forget about you. EVERY single time i have dined here, they have forgotten to bring out at least two things that I ordered. Like I said, the food is really good but I just am so disappointed with the service every time I go. I am not one to nit pick either but They should really try to improve on being more attentive to their guests.
5	I've eaten here 5 times already, I can't believe I'm just writing a review! HOT N JUICY is a has been. I would never step foot in there anymore. Cravin incorporate much more flavor. At hot n juicy, I had to bring my own salt and hot sauce. Their food is too bland for me. Cravin also have military discount! Oh, don't forget to look for them on restaurant.com. I purchased a $25 certificate for $10.
4	This place is terrific. Love the atmosphere. We are from Louisiana and they do a great job.  My crawfish bisque was actually full of crawfish and delicious. Highly recommend.
4	Good food. Pretty good service, overall good experience. Would try it again
4	Pretty good place. I ordered take out from here so I couldn't comment on the restaurant + the athmosphere. But my take out experience was perfect. Called in for my order and the estimated time of 10 minutes was spot on.$10 for Jambalaya...not bad at all. Great flavoring with 5 large cajun flavored shrimp, bell peppers and sausages. You can choose your spice level from mild to spicy hot! The Jambalaya was delicious...it was flavorful and the portion was large enough for me to have leftover lunch for the next day. I love it when that happens =)I'll definitely order take out from them in the near future. I'm curious to try their cajun flavored fries and chicken strips.
2	Oh no no no.....So I had my Jambalaya leftovers the next day. (Tuesday 09/30/13)Long story short and not to get overly graphic, I spent the next two days in the bathroom. Today is Friday, (10/4) still emptying out my stomach as we speak. Ugh.Jambalaya, good. Food, good.Leftovers, bad. (I even reheated it extra hot to kill any bacteria from the shrimp since it was in the fridge for 24 hours.)
1	Bleck. Avoid.Etouffee was...brown. Crawfish were overdone. Seasoning was wrong.
3	Amazing food!!!..and great employees..but 3 stars because of service..need to hire more employees..
1	Please do not even walk into this restaurant. Once you walk in the service is horrible. They don't even ask you "how many" they just stare at you and pretend they are busy. When my family walked in, we waited 30 minutes just waiting to be seated! They never interacted with us, they just stared. After that, we left. It was seriously the worst customer service ever! Trust me, you do not want to walk into this restaurant. It is not even worth it.
