5	This place is a perfect match for Gilbert.  Reasonable prices, family friendly, friendly service, craft beers on tap and oh yea.....Great Pizza.  This is not your typical pizza restaurant.  This place has hip decor but not off-putting.  The menu offerings are very unique to other pizza places I have been to.  Tried several of the offerings, Pretzel Bread and dip is great.  Also had the smoked paprika wings with pimento cheese ranch sauce....  Never seen or tried that before but it works well.  Their core menu item product is pizza and they do it exceptionally well.  Build your own or try one of theirs or like my wife and I did, go half and half.....  So far so good.  Will return for sure and certainly tell my friends.  P.S. for JUST opening, the service has been exceptional and food on time.  Very difficult to do these days.  Keep it up Boombozz!!!
4	I tried the cheese fritters, the Tuscan Chicken Pizza, and the Tony's Supremo.  The Tuscan Chicken Pizza was very good, the others were decent.  The beer selection is better than average.  There were a few opening week service issues, but nothing that will not be ironed out in time.
5	Yum! I was a fan of Grimaldi's...but this place surpasses them! We had half chicken tuscana (garlic cream sauce) and half chicken artichoke (pesto sauce). Amazing! Great flavors! Usually, I'm a fan of ranch on pizza fan (don't hate)--not needed here!Comes with the traditional crust, which was really enjoyable, but also available w/thin crust or wheat crust ($2 extra for wheat).Server (Zach) was nice, offered suggestions, and was on top of things. Kind of soft spoken, given the tv's and other restaurant noise. Hostess seemed like she was pretty excited to be there and everyone was polite.Prices weren't too bad--$18 for a large pizza, $8 for an individual. Variety of toppings, salads, appetizers, calzones, and drinks. Beers ranged from $3.75-$5 for the 16 oz. Excited to go back and try some more pizza!
4	Went about 7:30 on a Sat night.  Waitstaff was friendly & helpful.  Nice selection of beers.  We oredered the paprika dry-rubbed wings & they were really good.  A nice change from sloppy, sauced wings.  We also had a half-n-half pizza.  It came out hot, fresh...and slightly wrong.  They left one of the toppings off; but it smelled so good, we ate it anyway & it was delicious.  When we told the waiter of the omission, he apologized profusely & went to notify the kitchen.  The manager then came out right away, apologized again, offered to make us a new pizza even tho' ours was half eaten by then.  Instead, he gave us a card for a free appetizer.  Which we will be using...we will definitely go back!
4	Great draft beer selection...My calzone was excellent...Manager Ken is a friendly guy who went out of his way to make sure our service and food were just right...
4	An excellent find!  These folks are new to the Arizona, and this location is a great start.  Super good pizza, a wide variety of beers on tap, along with a super friendly and knowledgable staff makes for a good time by one and all.  A good balance between family atmosphere and young people bar.  This could easily become your "go-to" place!
3	It is alright. My buffalo chicken pizza was tangy but not spicy, but still pretty good. The beer selection is pretty great. The service was pretty terrible but the manager came out and apologized for the shabby service and comped my pizza so kudo's for that. I felt the atmosphere was cold and uncomfortable and the design was definitely done by some company who shouldn't be designing restaurants. Ill go back and give it another shot before i write this one off.
5	I thought this place was outstanding! The staff was awesome, the food was excellent, overall appearance of restaurant was nice!
5	So it's been a while since I've been to a sit-down pizza place so I decided to go here and give this place a shot. To my surprise, even though they had only been open for 2.5 weeks every table was full when I arrived with my date. The wait time was only 5 minutes - and a good excuse to cozy up next to my date on the bench by the door (evil plan, I know!)After our wait we were awarded a booth. Unlike some places, this was a pretty good sized booth that I think you could probably fit 3 people on each side and not have an absolute elbow fight fest. They also had bigger booths and tables if you party was larger or smaller. The chairs were comfortable, even for my nearly Dirty-30yr old back. I liked the atmosphere. The lights were down low and even the table light was not blinding, but also not so dim that you couldn't see who was across from you. I liked this. Even though all tables were occupied, the place wasn't all that loud. No yelling at your date like at the new club.It is kind a fine line to walk but in honesty it is a pet peeve of mine as to how frequent the server comes. Too often and I feel like I can't even carry a conversation because I'm always having to stop and say "yes everything is OK." Too sparse and I end up getting aggravated and attempt to fall asleep at the table to get your attention. Our server was kind and wasn't overly in your face and even when she came by she would crack a joke or something - I'm not really sure how to describe it other than I felt like she was being constructive instead of fulfilling an obligation to meet some corporate quota on server table visits.Food. Alright, first off I'm an idiot. I brought my date to a pizza place when she was allergic to gluten. Great right? I just brought her to a place where she can't eat! I only tell you this because after the dust settled she decided that she could have some of it. So here you have it... someone that knows that they are going to get sick from eating the food... and they ate it anyways. And they liked it and said it was "worth it" (or maybe she meant I was worth it? No, no, it was the pizza!). That's a pretty good testament of the food... RIGHT? I think so and I agree that the food was pretty good! We got the cheese sticks and a halved pizza (two different types) with two of the signatures.Another thing with food that I always review is the reheatability. I know this is kind of weird, but it is disappointing to take some food home and when you reheat it tastes like garbage. Both the pizza and the sticks reheated well. So, bonus points there Boombozz.So here's the final verdict. Cool place. Cool workers. Cool food. I'll be back. As for the date, unfortunately we didn't work out. Maybe if I hadn't taken her to a gluten party house things may have. :P
5	Came here for lunch on a whim and was totally surprised! The entire restaurant is upscale casual. The decor is very similar to Yardhouse. The outdoor patio is very nice and always shaded. I had the lunch special of a pizza and salad for $8.  The Caesar salad was nothing amazing, but the Carnita pizza I had was! Flavors layered nicely and even had an optional garlic dip.  My husband made his own pizza, they have almost a dozen pizza sauces alone! Their tomato soup was SOOOOO good. Nice and hearty, but what really made it shine was the bread that came with it. Covered in garlic cheese and herbs with the perfect delicate chewy crust that just begged to be dunked in tomato goodness. The service was also a standout. We were never wanting, and the guy, Cody, seemed absolutely thrilled just to be able to serve us. He also made some great recommendations when it came to the beer, which they take seriously.  They have a serious keg system that makes the beer extra fresh and cold...gotta love that. Prices are reasonable, and even better during happy hour.  Gilbert really needed a place like this. I am stoked to make this my regular haunt.
3	OK says it best.... Not rushing back anytime soon. I prefer sal's gilbert pizza next door.
3	Good sports bar/restaurant--if that's your thing.Went here when visiting with my dad who suggested it as "one of those new fun places."The stuffed portabella mushroom appetizer was delicious, though ridiculously decadent.  The carnitas libre pizza was also pretty good, but also extremely rich--i.e. you can taste your arteries clogging.  The pollotate pizza was bland and dry--potatos on pizza is fun in theory, but I'm not convinced.  However, the cook forgot the onions on it, which actually might make a substantial, positive difference.  We okayed the oversight (they've only been open for two months) and they comped our bill a bit, so that was nice.  The service was pretty great, actually.There's a ton of TVs here and a well-stocked bar with loads of beers on tap.  So if that's your thing, it's probably one of the better sports bar/restaurants out there.  For me, if I'm going to waste the kinds of calories that are packed into these dishes, it had better be for something extra special, which this place just isn't.
5	Awesome pizza!  The first time we came, we only had drinks and dessert.  The baked cookie with ice cream is to DIE for!  Soooo good.  The bartender was very friendly and let us try any beer we wanted before we ordered.  The second time, we came for my birthday and had pizza, which was so flavorful and different than any other pizza joints.  We are big fans of this place and hope it succeeds!
3	Styles of pizza can be so different. I have a hard time comparing a place like Boombozz to Grimaldi's. At Grimaldi's, they refuse to carry ranch because they don't want people dipping their pizza in it. At Boombozz, they offer ranch as soon as they set down the pizza.So no, Boombozz is definitely not the best pizza that I've ever had, but for their style of pizza, they are pretty good. Think traditional Domino's/Papa John's type crust with stepped-up, unique toppings and sauce. My husband said the crust tasted like a cheesy breadstick, and I think that's a pretty accurate description. We got the D'Sienna with an interesting tomato cream sauce, spinach, and tomatoes. The low quality cheese detracted from it overall, but it was still much better than the pizza at Oregano's.Boombozz is relatively new to town, but they seem to know their crowd well. It was pretty busy when we visited midweek. Big menu, lots of drink specials, TVs everywhere, ample seating... everything a chain restaurant needs to succeed. I'm sure we'll be back when we're eating with finicky family members who are too scared to eat anything ethnic.
2	Average.  Not the best, not the worst.  I can't honestly remember any spectacular about what I ate.  I had their "famous" chicken pizza, and it was nothing to write home about.  Our server suggested the wings as they were "amazing"..and they weren't.  Shocker.  I will likely not return.
4	Went for a friends Happy Hour.I was so shocked how I have never heard of them before.Can't wait to go back. This is a different  type of pizza place.I am a fan
4	I ate here the other night with my husband and I wasn't that excited about it at first (since I wasn't crazy about pizza and that's what I thought it was about).  However, I was pleasantly surprised by the taste and selection of the food.  The pretzel appetizer was so good, and my sandwich was tasty too.  This is weird but I even noticed that the fruit salad that I ordered as my side was better than the standard bland melons that you normally get - it had oranges, berries, melons, etc, and was fresh and yummy.  I would definitely go there again and try something different, and would love to give their happy-hour a try too!
2	AWFUL pizza, soggy with rock hard crust. Thin amount of cheese, wet veggies on top. Like frozen pizza!  The service was okay, though.
4	decent food and atmosphere. The downside is sitting there watching the Gilbert Police pull people over on Gilbert Road as they leave the main entrance into that shopping area. In the course of just over an hour there were 3 cars pulled over.Once again the Barney Fifes of Gilbert ruin business for a great place. I will not go back there just to end up being a target of the GPD.
4	First rate sports bar. Service is excellent. Food is very good and their house beers are scrumptious. $2.50 pints at Happy Hour. Made a fan out of me.
3	Pretty good happy hour here, which is when we checked this place out. They have a great selection of draft beers and the waiters are pretty knowlegable about them if your feeling adventurous. I tried the sampler flight which came with 5 small glasses. The pizzas are good with unique toppings. Their most popular came with roasted potatoes and grilled chicken. The crust was perfectly cooked, slightly thin and crispy. All the ingredients tasted fresh, especially the marinara sauce. So if you're looking for a different take on pizza with unique combination of ingredients, look no further!
1	The pizza is nothing to brag about. The place was dead on a Saturday night, the only reason we went there because we tried to go to buffalo wild wings next door but they had a cover that night. The waitress must have hated her job. She didn't smile once and gave us a look like she was too busy when we asked for drinks. We had a birthday party of ten and they weren't too happy about accomodating us or making the room for our table. A guy, who we thought may be the manager, came up and yelled very loudly "Can I get anyone anything?!" interrupting our conversations to get all of our attention at once instead of asking each if he could help us. We asked the waitress if they had a birthday special or anything and she just said "we don't do that here" and walked away. It was the worst service I have seen in a long time.
4	Amazing lunch deal includes drink, green or caesar salad, cheese bread sticks, and all you can eat pizza for $7.99. Can't beat that! By the time I had gotten my pizza though I was almost full so I was only able to try one, the Pesto Roma. It was so delicious, I love when I can get pesto sauce instead of marinara. Can't find that at most places. I will definitely go back to get it again.
4	Friendly service, amazing food and comfy patio.We had fritters, salad and pizza. The half and half is the way to go because its so hard to choose.
4	Yeah....I'd go back for seconds! Had the Buffalo Chicken sandwich and was very happy! Kids loved the pizza.
4	I'm glad my brother-in-law wanted to go here on his birthday or I never would've tried the place. I could never figure out how to say the name so I planned on avoiding the place until nuclear annihilation comes for us all. Anyway, the food was pretty good.To start I tried my sister-in-law's salad because they brought her the wrong size. It was a decent garden salad. I ordered the NY pastrami stack, and while it wasn't stacked quite as high as a traditional NY deli sandwich, it was still very good. They use real grain mustard which is essential. My husband had the buffalo chicken pizza and said it was good. I didn't try it because I'm not a fan of chicken pizza. I also tried the pretzel bread appetizer. The breadsticks were great but the cheese sauce was just velveeta and I didn't like it.For dessert we tried the "one hot cookie." It's hard to go wrong with warm chocolate chip cookies and vanilla ice cream. This was probably my favorite part of the meal.The service was great even though there were a lot of people in our party. I'd definitely go back and try some of their pizzas and micro brews. The prices are great too.
3	They are  understaffed but the staff they do have works pretty hard. Plus side - mixed greens were good and fresh. down sides - waited forever for our food - BIG down side - there was 3 of us who all ordered our own mini pizzas one of them came out wrong and instead of remaking it they took it away and pulled the peppers off of it - nuked it and reserved it. The pepper juice still was in the pizza so huge yuck factor. My husband really liked his beer and pizza mine was only okay and my pepsi was refilled after asking 3 times - but with diet pepsi. They do have kinks to work out.
5	= = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT PIZZA SPECIAL!  = = = =Robyn N., Mike C. & I whipped in here today for the Lunch Special, which gives you unlimited pizza, salad & drinks.Technically this isn't a Buffet, as they bring it all right to you, but was this place ever awesome!!  To start with, it's real nice inside.  Then we got seated & the service was absolutely 5 Stars throughout our visit.  Drinks showed up right away, & then it was on to a choice of a regular or Caesar salad, & I went with the regular one, which was delicious!  Also early on, some really tasty "bread sticks" came out, which really amounted to a really tasty cheese pizza cut into strips, with Pizza Sauce for dipping.For pizza, you order your choice of many personal size pizzas.  We each ordered different ones & swapped some slices.The pizzas, all of them, were TERRIFIC!  On top of that, we were fully encouraged to order more & order more we did!  We were also offered more salads if we wished, & the drinks were kept topped off too.  Oh what a feast!... And the price for this extravaganza?  An AMAZING $7.99 per person!!  Yes, this place is ABSOLUTELY "AS GOOD AS IT GETS!!"  YUM-A-MUNDO!!     :-))
5	Was pleasantly surprised when we tried out this "new" (7 months now) pizza place in Gilbert tonight. We ordered a medium half-and-half pizza (half Carnitas Libre and half Quattro). Both specialty pizzas were great. The crust was good... not too much or too little and the toppings seemed fresh. The interior has a bar area to the right and a dining room to the left - lots of big booths in the diring room which we liked a lot. The service was fantastic; Gabriell took great care of us and gave us her expert recommendations, which worked perfectly for us. They also have a carry-out door, nice outdoor patio & a huge selection of beers on tap. We'll definitely be back.
4	Had the all you can eat pizza lunch here with Rand H. and Robyn N.  To start with you also get a salad (garden or caesar)  soft drink or iced tea and garlic bread. The service here was top notch and they were always there to make sure you got enough. the pizza was really good and I got to try 5 different kinds.The place is like a fancy sports bar inside with great classic rock music playing.So a solid 4 stars for this place.
5	Great pizza and better salad selection! If you are looking for a great happy hour then this is the place.  Social Saturdays $2.50 Beer Flights Social hour specials from11 a.m. - 6 p.m.  Great service for large groups.  We went there with 15 people on a Saturday and had great service.  My girlfriends and I have been there for ladies lunch and enjoyed the all you can eat pizza and salad.  These are gourmet salads and personal pizzas not slices.  The BoomBozz #1 salad is phenomenal... candied walnuts, sun dried cranberries and goat cheese yummy! Unlike some all you can eat menus choose one of these salads.Bought a gift certificate for a friends birthday.  Hope he invites me to enjoy it with him :)
5	= = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT PIZZA SPECIAL!  = = = =Whipped back in here for lunch again today, this time joined by Violeta H., Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  As before, the food, service, price & atmosphere were all just terrific!  (See main review below.)     :-))All you can eat lunch:  $7.99
4	Stopped by the Kentucky based BoomBozz Pizza & Taphouse for some lunch and had the pleasure of dinning with some fellow Yelpers; Rand H., Violeta H., Robyn N. & the famous "Orange Head ~ Mike C.!!  This is the first BoomBozz in AZ, which started in Louisville Kentucky, which peaked my interest.This is NOT you average pizza place!  They offer a "serve-at-your-table-all-you-can-eat-pizza-special" for lunch!! Oh yeah! This is a HUGE plus for those germ-a-phoebes that refuse to eat at buffets.  No worries about someone else's grubby little hands touching the pizza pie prior to you getting a slice!We had a very nice salad and some cheesy pizza to start off.  You have a choice of a mixed green or cesar salad I believe.   You can choose from a variety of pizza's or create your own!  Since we had a large group, we ordered a different kinds;  Greco, Quattro, All Meat, BBQ Chicken, Tony;s Supremo, Tuscan Chicken ~ which was a fave!  The service was very attentive and friendly.  The restaurant is very clean and has a kind of TGIF feel about it, but with better food.This is a great place to meet some friends and fellow Yelpers over lunch! We had a wonderful time sharing each other pizzas and critiquing what we liked and disliked about each pie.  That's what Yelpers do best!! Hope to see you there sometime!
3	Very different pizza.....half carnitas and other half chicken and potato? Sounds strange but very tasty!  Service was ok, not great!
5	I've been here twice now for the All you can eat lunch special - only 7.99 for all you can eat salad, cheesesticks (more like a cheese pizza with no sauce), individual pizzas and soda.  What a bargain and the food is delish!The salads were generous and fresh, must try the housemade vinaigrette.  The cheese sticks were made with asiago cheese and were crispy and as good as any of the pizzas.  But the star of the meal?  The pizzas!  You can order any of their unusual pizzas and they come in a small individual size, cut in 4 pieces for easy sharing.  Some of the my favorites were the fajita chicken pizza with a white sauce on the side that tasted great!  I loved the spinach pizza with fresh tomatoes and I'm a fan of the pollotate pizza with potatoes and olive oil.  It's most fun to come with a group and share and taste them all!The service is top notch, they were quick to offer more of everything, salad, cheesesticks or pizzas.  Servers were friendly and when one of our group checked in on yelp and there was a 10% off dinner offer, they took $1 off everyone's check!  Doesn't get better than that :)
5	Love this place!  Great selection of craft beer on tap, and tons of choices for pizza.  I especially like the fact that you can do a half-and-half combo - my husband can choose one of the "fancy" combinations and I can do the traditional supreme without ordering two individual pizzas. The sizes of pizzas are a little smaller than I expected, just to warn you - a large was the size of a medium in a lot of other pizza places. I've also had the buffalo wings, and my husband had the chicken prosciutto sandwich - both were fantastic!Even more impressive than the food is the atmosphere and customer service.  The managers great you with a smile when you walk in, and the wait staff and bartenders are super friendly and have lots of recommendations.  The atmosphere and menu reminds me of the Champps that used to be at the Biltmore, and this place is MUCH quieter than Zipps and Buffalo Wild Wings with a great selection of TVs for watching your favorite game.  If you're looking for a down to earth casual sports bar atmosphere with a tinge of a higher-end feel, you will probably like this place.We have been here 4 times so far and plan to be regulars!
3	BoomBozz has great food. I would like a better wine list. The beer selection is fantastic though.
5	BoomBozz is spectacular! Great food, great execution, great service! The beer is good, my husband likes their selection more than I do, but trust me when I say, I can find a cold one to put down - nooooo problem! I like less hoppy beers & to most who enjoy the finer selections of beer would think I was crazy, so for you beer lovers, you are sure to be satisfied. Just a few recommendations - try the portabello sticks, and any pizza (they do it nice on wheat crust), and the veggie sandwich is awesome. Great prices on social hour but we would eat there any time of the day! Thanks BoomBozz & here's to wishing you much success!~Cheers
4	Drove by this place a few months ago excited for a new pizza restaurant to open up.   Read an article about how good their pizza is so we had to try it out.  The first time we came here, it was during happy hour and it was D-E-A-D, needless to say we had excellent service. Starting off with a bang, we were excited for the food.  Well to sum it our visit, amazing beer selection, affordable prices, and pretty good food.  Not the best pizza in gilbert, but given that boom boom..err boombozz (did i mention good beer selection?) made up for this by having a great atmosphere and excellent attentiveness.  This has become our goto place for socializing with beer and pizza.  Every time we come back, the place gets busier and busier, can't say that's a bad thing because I hope this place stays.Stay classy boombozz
5	I LOVE Boombozz!!  The BEST lunch deal anywhere, a pretty good happy hour, and daily specials.  Great selection and variety of beer and the pizzas aren't your typical, boring one or two topping pizzas.  The Tuscan Chicken is the best pizza I've probably ever had!  Prices are decent and a great place to bring the whole family or meet up with friends!
3	Love the tap it Tuesdays and the Yelp coupon for checking in on Yelp. I have been several times and tried pizza, calzone, and various beers. Good service, good food, and good beers. I prefer sitting in the bar. Last time I sat in a regular seat I was not happy with the service, but I never have a bad experience in the bar.
2	So, unfortunately, last time we ordered from BoomBozz, it was not good... maybe it was a bad night, but I have to update my thoughts to be honest. The wheat crust was horrible! It was like cardboard. Very flat & not at all pleasing to the palate. The Portabella 1/2 of our pizza at least made up for flavor, but the fajita 1/2 was very plain tasting.We were very sad & marked it up to a new chef or something, but very discouraged to try again. We have liked it so much in the past, that we will be willing to go again, but after that experience, it isn't very high on our list. They have digressed. Sorry.
4	Okay, since my latest review, I was contacted by the manager who expressed concern on my bad experience. Fran wanted to make sure they had the opportunity to make it right. I was impressed! I do want to say that even if the food sometimes needs a little sumptin sumptin, the customer service is Great and always has been! I give them superb credit for that & the ambiance is nice too. We went back for another try & we were satisfied. I definitely think you should stick with the thin or traditional crust, it was better. Also a note to update a previous review - they no longer have the Portobello Steak Sticks, not sure why, maybe a cost thing, but they were delicious and I will miss them! Another cool note that should be said because it can't be said about most places with an outdoor patio - they do not allow smoking in the patio dining area, which is such a refreshing change. It's nice to be able to enjoy the great Arizona weather this time of year. Thanks for that!Final words... BoomBozz is on the top of our list again
5	I like this place..its simple if you want to watch football and have a good salad.  I don't actually eat dressing for the most part and usually have salsa.  They offered a tomato brushetta and it did the trick.  Great place for a healthy lunch as long as you as you ask for something a bit more like salsa vs dressing....don't get more accommodating than that!
4	Great hangout and large beer menu.  The place isn't very busy most weekday evenings, but you need to try it out, very friendly staff!
5	This place is great. Had a pizza and it was fresh and hot. The service is first rate. Nice atmosphere. TV's everywhere for catching the game. The beer was so cold I had a thin layer of ice on top. These guys figured out how to run a bar and grille. Finally somebody got it right.
4	Good food. Good beer
4	Great place we discovered! I get the personal pollo pizza. Forgot the name but it has potato, chicken and is a white pizza. Amazing. And you can just go for the pretzel sticks. A lot of restaurants have these i'm finding....and these are the BEST I have found so far. The happy hour is really great and cheap and they have great wine as well. Great environment and service! Check this place out!
5	This place is absolutely awesome! I loved the pretzel bread and the pizza, cannot wait to try more of the other pizzas.  The beer queso was terrific with the pretzel bread and pizza crust. :)
5	Mr. M & I found ourselves staring at the open fridge, not liking any of our choices.  I asked him what he was in the mood for and he said "pizza".  Well, I had read about BoomBozz and it was on my list to try so we got there around 1:45 in the afternoon on 12/26.  We have this proclivity to visit restaurants at off hours.  I like to have the bartender all to myself to get the lowdown on drink and food choices.  They know what's good.  And if the bartender ever happens to be a pompous ass, stupid,  or have her cans practically out of her shirt and lying on the bar, I ask for the restroom and leave.  Hence, I rarely go out to eat and drink in Scottsdale.Anyway, we had a GREAT time at BoomBozz and actually will become regulars now that I've discovered the bike path just to the north of the parking lot.  I did not catch the bartender's name, but he is an absolute asset to the place.  He knows his beers and he can talk about movies and books!  If I wasn't already married.....We had the Mamma Meatza calzone and the 1/2 chicken prosciutto sandwich and 1/2 field greens salad.  Everything was delicious.  They have great lunch specials for 7 or 8 bucks, and I was impressed that they gave me fries with my sandwich too.  Most joints that do the 1/2 and 1/2 deals don't do that.  For tasty beverages we had the Odell Myrcenary, Breckenridge Vanilla Porter, Kingpin Double Red Ale, and the Oskar Blues Deviant Dale's IPA.  All of which are stellar.  Total bill with tax was $39.34.  The beer menu is outstanding and I can't wait to go back and try more.When we left BoomBozz we immediately headed to BevMo to pick up some of those beers we had (this is a common practice in our household) and I liked that darn bartender so much, that if BevMo would have had the Grand Canyon seasonal we had discussed I would have bought a bottle and taken it right back to him.  That's the kind of gal I am.
5	Fun place to go.  huge selection of beer. Servers are knowledgeable and the pizza is great.
4	Went for lunch yesterday I ordered the salad and veggie sandwich lunch special and my done got the all you can eat special. Everything was really good. Our sever was very friendly and very good. I would definitely go here again.
5	Since my last review we've been back 7 or 8 times.  Still a stellar beer selection.  Still good food.  Still great lunch specials for $7.99.  PJ the bartender is the best and one afternoon got Mr. M to try Fireball something something cider bomb or something.  It was a shot of Fireball whiskey dropped into a pint of Angry Orchard cider.  HOLY MOLEY!  Apple pie in a glass.  As if we needed yet another tasty beverage to bombard our livers with......  Besides the regular amazing variety of craft beers on tap, today we discovered they have guest brews Papago Orange Blossom Ale, which I know is wonderful, and then we tried Oskar Blues Old Chub which is a delicious brown Scotch ale.  Chocolate, coffee, and a hint of smokiness.  I need a nap now.I've also grown quite fond of the Quattro pizza.  With prosciutto, artichoke hearts, shrooms, and italian sausage it is a great combination.OH!  And they are selling and filling growlers now, so it's time to dust off my collection and fill 'em up!  GREAT place!!
5	Good beers.  I am a fan of non-pastuerized beers, which are more rare than one would think.   This place has a couple of bottle conditioned ales, which I love!  The standard in Bottle conditioned ales is the "Chimay, Blue Label."  But it is so damn expensive, I can't drink it all the time.  However, this beer called "Brother Thelonius" is outstanding.  It may even be a better than "Chimay, Blue Label."  Perhaps someday I will try the two side by side.  Love the beer selection!
5	I'm recently gluten and dairy free and I'm NOT happy about it! So when we went in to BoomBozz and I realized it was a pizza and sandwich place I was immediately disappointed. I ordered the grilled chicken salad just because I didn't want to bother going anywhere else but I was sure I wouldn't enjoy it. I couldn't have been more wrong! The greens  (not iceberg junk but actual healthy lettuces) were fresh and the chicken was seasoned and cooked perfectly and the house vinegrette is delicious! My fiance had a sandwich and was very happy with it also. We said we'd be back but truly I'd forgotten about the place until I shredded the receipt today. I may be heading that way for dinner.
5	= = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT PIZZA SPECIAL!  = = = =Stopped back in here today joined by Robyn N. to enjoy some great salad, cheese bread sticks and various pizza treats.  The price has increased to $9.99 including beverages and there are now slight limitations as to what you can select from the menu without paying a little extra.  With that said, this is still my favorite pizza place in the Valley with it's great food, super table service & just total Fivestarness all the way around!     :-))
3	Good service, nice selection of beer, fun vibe.  I've been here twice and the food is just alright.
5	OK.  Here's what you have to do.  Order the pretzel app with the queso cheese.  Make sure you save a little of the cheese.  Then order the Carnitas Libre pizza and dip the pizza crust IN the leftover queso.  Or, if you want to get really crazy, drizzle the queso on the pizza.  THE.   BEST.  Oh, and get some really great beers with kickass service at the bar.  'Nuff said.
4	Let me start saying that the place is great. Nice setting, great bar, pretty spacious, private dining room for parties...Service was pretty good too.The food was above ok but not memorable. The "food network" pizza was oily but tasted ok. The other pizza (with several ingredients) was better.I like that the servings are fair but not massive.My only 3 concerns were that when we got in there was a smell that I couldn't figure out what it was but it was close to a smelly rag. The men's room wasn't clean (not a wreck but not clean) and the ac could freeze an Eskimo.Nice addition to the area.
5	Fantastic beer selection and excellent food! Try the chicken Pesto Pizza!! SOO good.Been there many times and have never been disappointed.
4	Went there with a large group on a Friday night.  We were seated after only a few minutes and service was reasonably good throughout the night (the only exception is we asked several times for one of the many nearby TVs to be turned to the Diamondbacks game and they were never able to do it).  Pretzels were soft and fresh.  The caesar salad was fine but unremarkable.  Pizzas were excellent and with abundant toppings.  The pesto pasta was probably the best item I tried.  The beer menu was extensive.  Prices were decent if not great.
3	Well, we read the menu wrong and ordered cheese sticks.  Thought they would be battered cheese sticks like from the Arby's menu - not cheese sticks like from Papa John's.  That being said - it was a great mistake!  They were delicious!My pasta dish, was penne pasta in vodka sauces was "eh."  I don't mean it was bad.  It was just "eh."  Don't ask me why I ordered pasta at a pizza place that is also a bar.He ordered a pork sandwich.  He always orders a pork sandwich.  It was also "eh."  Please see above regarding our terrible reasoning for what we ordered.The waiter was great.  Very chatty, but didn't hang out at the table too long.  We were the only crazies sitting outside, and he didn't seem to mind the extra steps/trips to our table.Side note:  It was darn loud inside, so that's why we sat outside.Overall, have cheese sticks that aren't the cheese sticks you are expecting, drink a beer or two, and sit outside.  That'll be a 4 star experience.
4	Love that I can fill up a growler. Friendly staff. Quick service. Good food. Hope the craft beer selection continues to grow.
3	Went there for lunch today.  It was kinda dead at 12:30.  I hope they can pick it up, it'd be a shame to see them go. My only complaint is that there was a strange oder when I walked in the door.  Like dirty dish water or garbage or something.  They need to do a deep clean.I had sandwich, it was good.  Served on a chabada roll.  I'm not a big fan of this kind of bread.  It's a pizza place, how about you make some awesome homemade bread? I would prefer it to be a Italian roll, but that's just me.   It came with fries.  The fries were EXTRA EXTRA crispy.  I don't know what that means, were they reheated?  Left in the fryer too long?  Who knows, they were OK, nothing to write home about. My wife had soup and a half sandwich.  The half sandwich was about 2"x5"  so not really much to look at.  Served on a tiny little plate with 6 french fries.  Again, how about a 6" italian roll?The food was good, I'll go back.  My advice to the owners.  Make the sandwiches bigger on better bread, I'd gladly pay another $1 for a bigger portion.As a side note, I've been here for happy hour and had a pizza and it was pretty good.I would have given it 4 stars, but like I said, it smelled funny and a funny smell in a restaurant isn't a good sign.  Ask Gordon Ramsey!Our waiter was attentive, but of course he only had about 4 tables to contend with. :(
3	Food isn't extraordinary, but the food is pretty good. A good choice of beers. And for a small town like Gilbert, decent and and lively atmosphere. Soft pretzels with Beer cheese was a great starter. the wings were decent, but my husband didnt think they were very good. Had the White Pizza for entree. Tasty, but not out of this world good.  Lots of other stuff on the menu I want to try.Overall, a good place to hang out, watch sports, and grab a bite. Will come back.
5	"i lived in phoenix and am now living in indianapolis. whenever we go back i have to eat @ boombozz taphouse's at least twice. their pizza's alway hit the spot. they also have "healthier" items too. great environment & always great service! must try it!!! "
1	Food was good, but service was terrible!!  Waited like 10 min before we were asked out drink orders. Another 15 went by before we got them. Asked for a beer...didn't get it all...asked again...still nothing. The owners or group of guys that looked and acted like owners were chat chitting and eating two booths down while we were waiting.  Large group came in 15 min after we did and got appetizers and drinks before we got water!!! Seriously!!! Food was good and filling, just sad the service was lacking.
5	Such a fun place to go for happy hour!! Their prices are great, service is excellent and the food is so yummy!! You MUST try the beer cheese with soft pretzels - to die for!! I was grateful our server went over each of the beers they had on tap with us, and I ended up trying several different kinds I wouldn't have had he not suggested them. Would highly recommend!!
5	This place is great.! House of brews was closed . Went here on a whim... Best ever!!!
5	The buffalo chicken pizza is delicious! Add in some pretzels with nacho cheese and a cold beer- yum!
5	The tomato bisque soup is decadent, the fresh basil gives it such a palette pleasing balance.  I love soft pretzels but have yet to find a place that offers homemade pretzels until now.   These aren't you frozen to microwave kind and the beer cheese is scrumptious.    Round it off with a great brew and I am a happy girl.
2	Used to be great- bartender Taylor is great! - but the owners decided to go country with their theme.  I tried to endure but frickin Taylor swift wasn't sitting well with my craft beer. Seriously.
4	This is another great family place with great dishes.  You can sit inside or out and the wait staff is VERY friendly.  One of my soon to become regular spots.
5	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =What a shame it is that we have now lost this place!  It was my favorite pizza spot of all in the Valley, & a wonderful restaurant where everything was just right!     :-((
