3	Teharu Sushi just opened today perhaps they have yet a few kinks to iron out.  1.  The miso soup was not warm at all.2.  Sushi on the conveyer were lukewarm at best (what's supposed to be hot was not hot, and what is to be cold was not cold).3.  Service provided by the waiter was good, no complaints there.I'll give this place some time to mature and will update with another review later in the year.
4	After eating at a conveyor belt sushi restaurant in Seattle several years ago, my husband and I were excited to see one in Scottsdale. Teharu Sushi did not disappoint.  The sushi was fresh and tasty. The prices are great!!  We went on the first Friday night they were open, so I'm very willing to forgive a few faux pas. The major issues were the lack of organization for arriving guests and the lack of engagement of the staff. Again, I get that they are just opening, so I'm sure they will settle into better customer service. The staff members were very nice even though it was obvious they were stressed.   Overall, good food, low prices and pleasant staff are enough to get 4 stars from me today.
5	So happy that this opened in my neighborhood!! Minimally decorated space with a large sushi bar and a few booths. It was very busy at lunch but moved smoothly. The sushi was replenished regularly. Everything tasted quite fresh. There was a nice variety of rolls (caterpillar, Vegas, Dragon) and nigiri with very fresh tasting fish. The staff was very pleasant and attentive. The price was fantastic. The plates range from $1 to $2. Loved that the plates all had clear plastic covers.
3	not fine dinning but great for the price. the sushi, selection & service was great. i spent $9.50 w/tip
1	Sushi itself was not bad , but the everything else was not pleasing at all. Environment was very awkward, food was labeled but did not give descriptions of what they consisted of so you did not know what you were eating. You had to wait for specific sushi rolls to be made which took a long time considering the conveyor belt was super slow. Some were not even being made!
4	Rolling belt of sushi. Lunch time each dish 1-3 dollars. Awesome! Try the baked Scallop Cali Rolls
4	I've been watching this new strip mall area develop as it's right off the 101 as I make my way to and from work every day. I was excited to see a new revolving sushi place was going in as the only other one I know is a bit further north in the Desert Ridge area. For some reason, they have since taken down the revolving sushi signage that they used to have so it just says Teharu now, which really doesn't say much at all.We went on a weekday for lunch and was able to snag a spot at the bar right away. We were shown to our seats and the waitress asked us what we wanted to drink. After that, there really wasn't much communication. They didn't offer us a menu (they have one as the person who sat down next to us later requested one) or ask us if we were new or anything. Lucky for us, we knew what to do and started watching the sushi roll by. The selection isn't as large as the revolving sushi place up north (look at my past reviews if you want to know what it is) and there are only 3 price ranges: $1, $1.50, and $2. The rolls were delicious and a meal for $3.81, I really can't complain at all. You really can't beat that. However, the service really was terrible. None of us got refills and we had to wait forever for someone to walk by to ask for the check. If you're in to raw/authentic sushi, this isn't your place. But if you like rolls and want something super cheap, I would recommend trying this place out. Just don't expect spectacular service.
4	Yummy "Conveyor Belt" sushi - reasonably priced, and they do requests. There's also a menu if you don't like what you see goin' 'round. What more can you say? Go early for lunch - it gets busy in a hurry.
4	This is a fun place that you should take the kids.  It's not every day a kid gets to take his food off a conveyor belt.  It might be a even a nice place to take a date.  In the lulls of conversations, you can discuss about the next item on the conveyor belt.When I saw their plates of sushi were $1, $1.5 and $2, color me doubtful.  But I'm pretty happy with the results.  They had a baked scallop roll and I was hooked.While on the belt, the sushi comes covered with a clear plastic lid.   Since the food passes by so many people, this is a nice touch!A lot of the reviewers mentioned the great service.   They did nothing extraordinary one way or the other; they could have spent more time explaining how the system works.   But you can figure it out by reading the placards on the table and just observing others. Not a place that can sit large groups well.  Four is the max unless you get really lucky and get tables next to each other across the conveyor belt.Decor ... lighting makes it feel more like a fast food Chinese place (or just a corporate restaurant).   But I've never chosen to eat at a restaurant because they have a cool statue or fountain in front.
5	I go here with my co-workers very often. It's near a strip of other businesses who are also wonderful, but nothing compares. I have only ever been to 1 other revolving sushi joint in AZ (also happened to be Teharu in Tempe), and I was incredibly impressed both times. I know it is a new place, but they already have a dedicated crowd of people and regulars. Great for kids, wonderful for colleagues, and all around perfect. Did I mention affordable!? What a treat.
4	I'm not going to lie and say this is the best sushi, but it is a good value. You kinda have to know what to choose, and once that's figured out it can make for a pretty good dining experience. I would not recommend going at a slow time, and I would recommend choosing the more popular dishes as those are usually the freshest due to turnover rate. They also offer made to order sushi, which will be the freshest choice but that can take some time. This place is great for a quick, healthy, and cheap lunch or dinner.
4	LOVE me some conveyor belt sushi.Easy to control how much you're eating or spending, fun to go to with co-workers, convenient location.The dishes are right for the price, and oh yeah, they taste good. I used to go to the one down on Priest and Ray, but my work location makes this one much more convenient.I always feel charged up for the afternoon after a few servings of good sushi at lunch.The only thing I'd love to see them change - and I complain about this to them every time we're there - install something to be able to open more tables. Really. It wouldn't be hard. I'm an engineer - I can help you. You have 8 extra tables, and I watched at least 5 groups walk back out rather than wait like we did. Make sure your popularity doesn't hurt you. "Oh let's don't go there, it takes too long to get a table." Enough people start saying that... and you won't need to open the extra tables.
3	The price is RIGHT. The sushi is acceptable and my wife and I got more than our fill for like $25. Yeah I know a bunch of sushi for $25 and it was good.
5	We have been here three times. Excellent service and very friendly staff every time. Uni always available which all uni lovers know a lot of places are either sold out or don't have any. Prices are incredibly affordable. Sushi is good quality! We love Teharu! If you like sake, try the pink bottle! Yumm!!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Great all around... Service - Fantastic and super friendly.  FUN- it was my first time to a conveyor belt sushi place so I was like a kid in a candy store for the first time!  We also had sake bombers - only $5 but the sake was a little bottle not a large one like at many places. Cucumber salad was delish! and sushi all around was yummy!  Here's the kicker... eat dish is on a different colored plate - yellow $1, green $1.50, blue $2.00...  they do have a menu you can order off of and also send misc. things down the belt too... deserts, pudding cups, fruit cups, juice boxes...  We got there early... before 5pm... and that place gets rockin!  not a ton of seating so get there early as long as you get a seat... from what I could tell... there's not a bad seat in the house!  We will definitely bring our friends and family back there for more fun!
5	I  love this place, I walk out of there paying $5.99 before tip after ordering Miso Soup, & 3 (half sized) rolls. The Las Vegas roll is amazing, and the Cali roll is also. I literally go here once a week!!
5	I love walking into a place and being able to instantly shove food in my mouth without having to talk to another person. I get starving sometimes. These things happen. This restaurant is perfect for me.Still wonderful sushi, and I come here often: Tip to the wise, you can ask for rolls specifically, like the rainbow roll or the dragon roll. They will make them, hand deliver them, and charge you the same. This goes for anything on the conveyer belt. Don't be afraid to ask!And they scream, "irrashai" when you walk in. Roughly translated, that is Japanese for "welcome to the store".
2	Cheap sushi - that is a good way to describe this place.Have you heard the phrase "You pay for what you get"Really, I don't like to spend a lot for food unless it warrants. But come on this is a grade above gas station sushi.A former friend talked about this place so we tried it and was waiting for more of a variety of sushi to come out and never did.The only good thing is the prices
4	A cool little gem in a nice area. The food was good, the prices are cheap (no comparison to some san francisco conveyor sushis place. However, the idea of a conveyor belt sushi restaurant in the heart of North Scottsdale was a wonderful idea.
5	One of our favorites...fun atmosphere, delicious sushi for a reasonable price and nice wait staff!  It's quite a popular spot; usually pretty busy.  Love!
4	This place is a lot of fun and inexpensive for sushi.  The sushi tastes like it is pretty good quality, but isn't the best.  I really enjoy the conveyor belt aspect and inexpensiveness because it allows me to try things I wouldn't normally order at a sushi restaurant.  Everything is $2 or less so if you don't like it it isn't a concern.  You can also order anything on the menu that you don't see and it will be on the same colored plates and cost the same as everything on the conveyor belt.  I really have enjoyed my experiences here.
2	Pretty solidly mediocre sushi. On a conveyor belt.This was my first time eating revolving sushi. Pluses: no waiting for your food (in the beginning, anyway. After a while, you might be waiting for something you haven't tried yet to come around, or for a special request), sushi is REALLY inexpensive (we spent about half of what we'd typically spend on sushi). Minuses: average taste, sort of sad looking, not put together with very much care. We enjoyed the Las Vegas roll the most and did not like the Hawaiian roll. We were just passing through town and were hungry and the sushi counter at AJ's had already closed, so we were just glad to find something to eat. The place was slightly crowded and we had to wait for a seat at the bar (they didn't seem to be seating people at the tables) but we didn't wait long. Bigger parties had longer waits, and after we were seated it really filled up and people were lining the walls waiting for seats. We had to specifically request wasabi, because they forgot to bring us some. The sushi wasn't bad; it just wasn't excellent. I guess you never know how long it's been going around in circles. We requested some eel, which was very sweet and very greasy and just sort of slapped on top of the rice. There just isn't a lot of attention to detail here. There's something really unnatural about eating off a conveyor belt. I don't think the feeding process needs this kind of automation. The sign said "fine dining" but I'm afraid there's nothing fine about adding a labor-saving device more appropriate to a factory to ones meal.
4	My wife and I really dig this place. We have frequented the Chandler location and were very happy to see one in our area sprout up. We have never had a bad experience. The meal price is very reasonable for a sushi place. Here is the secret trick, don't wait for the conveyor belt to come around. If you want something ask for it, if its on the belt they will grab it. If not, they will make anything on the menu and bring it right to you. The scallops and hard poppers are awesome!
4	I just discovered this neighborhood gem and it is a fun new addition. The color coded plate system, affordable prices, grab and go conveyor system and sushi description sheet make this the perfect starter place for sushi newbies. I brought a raw-phobic sushi virgin and she loved it, because she was able to tell from the description card which selections were made with raw fish so she could stick to the veggie and cooked options. It might not be the best sushi on the planet but it is deffinitely the best sushi deal! It is also a quick and affordable lunch option because you don't have to wait for  a server.Oh, just a word of warning. If you accidentally grab a bowl of edamame beans and it slips out of your hand and spills all over the conveyor belt and gets stuck in the cracks of the track when it gets to the corner and the track jams and the plates start stacking up you should scoop them up like Lucy at a chocolate factory before the whole train derails and everyone notices. On the plus side you will enjoy the wide variety of dishes that pass by during the rest of your meal with edamame garnish on the side. I mean when is the last time you saw cream puffs with edamame?
4	We are delighted Teharu has opened in our neighborhood. We have eaten in twice and ordered take out once. Each time the service has been exceptional.  One server even remembered us and came over to greet us. Everyone who has waited on us here has been very friendly and personable.As far as the food is concerned, you haven't lived until you've tried their squid salad. Some of the best we've had.  All of the rolls we've had were good. Maybe not phenomenal, but good. Their pickled ginger is the best we've tasted and we love their eel sauce.I venture to say their prices can't be beaten. Very, very reasonable.We'll be back!
4	Good food for the price and a good atmoshpere
3	Well... Ummm... Let's see... It'd hard to say anything negative against a conveyer belt of food. Wish I had one in my house. But alas, Teharu Sushi is a good experience and more than reasonably priced. It's adequate as far as the food though- Nothing spectacular, but it's a great value. Not a fancy place by any means, just gets the job done. I will definitely go back, but I'm also not raving about the joint.
2	I'm definitely not an expert on sushi, but I really don't think sushi short be this cheap. I have no problem with the conveyor belt style sushi; in fact I like those types of restaurants. They are good for trying any different styles of sushi without dropping a massive check. However, their $2.00 sushi is concerning. I've been here twice, and both times I was very disappointed. The sushi is very simple and lacking in flavor. I know they switch up the selection but both times the selection was all very basic rolls (california, tuna, tempura, etc) and missing some of the more vibrant rolls like Dragon, Las Vegas, Soft-Shell Crab, things like that. My good friend really loves this place, so I know sushi tastes can be very differed; however I felt they were too basic and would rather spend a little more money for big-flavored rolls over $1 to $4 unimpressive rolls.
4	You really can't beat this place for the price. At no more than $2 for a plate  and each plate having 2-6 pieces you can get a full meal in for cheap.They have a few good rolls like the Haiwian roll and the salmon lover (I think that was the name). The seaweed salad isn't bad either. What is nice is that if something isn't coming by on the belt here you can always order it from your server, but they have a pretty good selection on the belt.The fish quality isn't the highest here but it also isn't horrible or going to make you sick, just don't try to compare it to that of Roka Akor or Nobu. If you are having a sushi craving or just want a cheap sushi meal it will be satisfying.I think the best part is that you can eat until you are full here and still get out for under $20. My only addition to that is that if you are really starving then some of the $20 all you can eat places around town may end up saving you a couple bucks. It can be fun to see how high you can get your pile of old dishes. The one knock on the different plates costing different amounts is some plates aren't 100% clear what color they are so you may under estimate a bit, but it's max a $1 difference per plate.I have gone to the Teharu in Scottsdale and Tempe and my advice is to go at times that are a bit busier as they will have more selection on the belts and the odds it was freshly made is higher than at off peak times. That really goes for any conveyor style sushi place though.Overall I like Teharu as a low cost sushi craving filler, it's not the pinacle of fine sushi experiences but it's a fun and tasty stop.
4	Wow! This place is quite a steal for the $$!Pros:Affordable, efficient service, decent variety, they serve alcohol, there are televisions... usually displaying sports of some sort, VERY clean, well lit, friendly staff, speedy service, great 1st date spotCons:Not a great place for groups as their largest table is a 4 top, they take reservations but can't actually guarantee a table due to their walk in volume, language barrier between patrons and staffThe food quality is decent. I'm a huge fan of sushi and this is not the absolute best quality but it is definitely not the worst either. I frequent Teharu 2 - 3 times a week because it is so affordable! :) I love to come here to grab a quick bite. You can seriously eat 2 rolls in 15 minutes max. If you want something that isn't on the belt, or listed on the menu they are happy to create what you want. Parking can be a nightmare as this is a really busy area, located conveniently next to the 101. If you're looking for some affordable sushi and quick, speedy service... Teharu is your spot! Enjoy!!
4	Love Teharu overall. It's not the fanciest sushi ever, but the fish is fresh, delicious and (for lack of better words), cheap! We love dropping in here for a week-day date and a meal we don't have to feel guilty about later.The staff is always extremely friendly. I'd only change a few things: A) please change the Muzak station once in a while -- I hear Gyote in my mind everytime I look at a sushi roll B) if there are tables open, seat customers instead of sectioning them off -- it's really irritating to have to wait twenty minutes when five or more tables are open C) continue making fresh rolls after seven o'clock; the selection gets limited and fishier as the night goes on.
3	When I normally go out for sushi, it's an expensive evening. I cannot resist toro when it's featured, and I am willing to give a standing ovation when I get real wasabi from a sharkskin grater. If this is the experience you're looking for, don't pick TeharuIf you're looking for a good value sushi joint that is roll-centric, Teharu is the place to go.  I really enjoyed the endless procession of colored plates moving around the sushi bar on a conveyor belt. The plate colors reflect the price of the dish: $1, $1.50 or $2. All in, my companion and I ate until satisfied and our tab was about $22.The options that rolled past were pretty standard. If there's something you're really interested in, the sushi chefs can make special requests. I had a spicy tuna hand roll that was good.As far as beverages go, their iced green tea hit the spot on a hot Phoenix day.In summary, Teharu is a very good value. Come here if you want sushi on the cheap. If you're looking for a more upscale restaurant, I'd recommend Hiro on 90th street.
5	Just happen to be in the area so decided since I have been to the one in Chandler it should be good. I was very surprised. First the place looked so much cleaner and more professional. The cooks were dressed all in uniforms. The amount of sushi rotating were all my favorite. I ended up eating way more then I usually can. Exceptionally clean place and well organized team. Was seated quickly and water, wasabi was given to me right away.
5	Every time I go to PHX now I have to stop at this place! It is so good and such a steal for sushi. I can gorge myself in sushi for only $12. It is definitely a new favorite, its nothing like fresh sushi from California, but it is still delicious.
3	TehrauArrived at 1:00 pm. Greeted immediately Was asked to sit and wait while bar was cleaned.Sat down at 1:07 drink order at 1:08Sushi was fresh and cold.Service was pretty good.  They seemed like they wanted you to eat and get out.  Very rushed, when I asked for another soda I was asked if I wanted it in a To go cup.  But overall a pretty good experience.
4	It's hard to tell what kind of restaurant this is from seeing it when you drive by.  I have a million times and finally a friend told me it was one of those sushi spots that have continuously made sushi on conveyor belts with the color coded plates for price.  Glad I got to try it finally.  It's on the corner of a short strip of stores and restaurants by the FLW exit off the 101 so location was good.  It was about 7 pm on a Wednesday night, Inside was simple, clean, and to the point with the sushi makers in the center of the restaurant and some tables on the left hand side for larger parties.  This is a cool dinner for 2 spot since a lot of the seating is at the sushi bar.  It is also a great option for a party of 1 bc of the portion sizes (most rolls had 4 small pieces) which I am sure I will utilize in the future.Sushi was good and a great variety.  Favs were Tiger Roll with shrimp on top with a yummy slightly sweet crab mix inside, Baked scallop roll (think it had crab on top too).  There was things like rainbow rolls, dragon rolls, crab rolls, varieties of sashimi,  seaweed salad, squid salad, cucumber salad, varieties of cheesecakes, edamame, some kinds of puffs, and more!  With a party of 2 we had 9 blue plates and 3 green ones plus one sake and the check was only 32$.  We were overstuffed (our eyes were bigger than our stomachs and it's easy to grab a lot fast at first), you can't beat that value.  I wanted to make sure we tipped appropriately since everyone was working so hard and nothing was expensive here.  So we asked and we were told the employees pool from what I understand so please tip generously especially since the items are so low priced :)  Tip for the experience not the percentage on your bill (we tipped a little over $10 which I think was small amount for what we got!)  Will definitely return!!
4	I love this place.  Great sushi and you can't get a better price.  I work just a few blocks from Teharu and I eat here often.  The staff is always friendly and the sushi is always good.  For the same price you would pay at subway you can get a full sushi meal here.  I have also ordered to go on a number of occasions and have had no problems.Another plus, for me at least, they are family friendly.  I bring my 3 and 4 year old here at least once a week.  These kids eat at least 10 pieces of salmon each; it's their favorite food.  That would cost me $30-40 dollars anywhere Else, at Teharu it's $10-15 dollars.  The sushi is simple here, they don't have a bunch of exotic rolls if that is your thing.  They keep it cold inside, which I love but my girlfriend bring her sweater with her.  One last piece of advice, if you want anything hot (I suggest the poppers and green muscles) order it fresh from the chiefs or you server.For the price and quality Teharu rocks!
3	Passable, but really cheap sushi.The rice is a bit hard and the sushi is a bit too warm, but the service is so friendly and the price so cheap that I would definitely come again.
4	Great place for a pretty good sushi. I really like that its on a conveyor belt too..makes eating sushi fun..The staff is always so friendly! Now that I live and work blocks away from here, this is definitely my go to place for sushi!
4	Teharu Sushi is a neat little sushi restaurant with a twist. Like other reviewers have stated, the sushi goes around the restaurant on a conveyor belt and at a good price. Plates range from $1 to $2 and have three or four pieces on them. It was under $25 for two with a couple of Kirin beers. The only downfall here is if you are looking for something exotic, you're not going to find it on the conveyor belt. There is a couple with a twist, but nothing too crazy. However, the rolls are much better quality over buffets and grocery store. I do recommend the Las Vegas roll. Couple more points: Alcohol is limited to Japanese beers and Saki.There can be a little bit of a wait on the weekend evenings. I didn't see anyone wait more than 10 minutes.Parking can be tight.Because of the prices, this place does attract families with small kids as well as groups of teens.
2	Skip this place. Cheap sushi, sure. But not very good at all. Just go to TA on happy hour and you get so much better quality for only a little bit more and so much more variety
4	I try to go here once a month or so...maybe twice. It's great for lunch, it's never really busy then. TOTALLY love the jalapeno poppers they make, and the gyoza. Pretty tasty rolls all around! Though, those plates can stack up FAST. Love the iced green tea. Sure, it's the same rolls all the time, and it's not top tier sushi, but it's on a conveyor, what do you expect?
4	This was such a fun experience. I have never eaten at a resturant that utilizes a convayer belt instead of a waitress... Apparently, this is a big thing in Los Angeles.. and I am just BEHIND the times.My husband and I met a friend for dinner, and this was fantastic. I loved  being able to plop down and start eating with waiting for anything but the perfect roll. There is northing gormet about these rolls, there are philly rolls, Las Vegas Rolls, and other various tasty treats.  It's cheap, tasty, and above all, affordable. The wait staff exsists to bring you drinks, and take orders for anything you don't see - however, it did take almost 15 minutes for someone to stop by and take a drink order. I feel like a self serve soda fountain (cups delivered on a plate?) might be in order... Can not WAIT to visit this again - and it's so close to work, it might be my new lunch place!
1	Received food poisoning from eating sashimi.  Be careful!  Don't be afraid to ask if the sushi is more than 24 hours old.
4	Love this place and the sushi is very good and great prices are the best in the west.The Scottsdale restaurant is very clean  You can also order from the menu or the waitress but we enjoy picking what we want and they have a great assortment on the conveyor belt. You can even get a box to go.Joanne B  Scottsdale
4	This was really pleasant!  I met some friends for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, it wasn't busy when I got there, but it picked up before we left.   Our table was adjacent to the conveyor belt....which made it awkward for the person on the outside seat. But we managed and it became a part of our conversation.  If you back is to the sushi coming at you, you need to ask the person sitting across from you to grab it.  I appreciate the wait staff, they were courteous and not too bothersome.  I tried a few of the salads...seaweed and squid....the creme puffs for dessert and a stack of plates of various fish, shellfish and one roll..the spicy tuna.  Not bad for the money!  and it was a nice place to get conversation in....it's clean, bright and best of all, you don't have to wait for your order.
4	I enjoy this place-- I have eaten there as well as taken out.While the sushi isn't the Best sushi I have ever had.. It's good and very reasonable. I also like the portion size so you can try various rolls! It always seems very fresh and they are always friendly.
2	This is a neat sushi place. Not the perfect great of sushi, but not so bad for the price. On the other hand, the service was horrible. I was there for lunch with couple of my coworkers...once we were seated and served our drinks, no one came around to refill our drinks or ask us if everything was ok. Our server was MIA. We had to flag a busboy to get the check for us and run our CC for payment.
5	Teharu rocks. Have been to both locations and can say it is a great value for sushi lovers. By no means is it top quality sushi but it is palatable and tasty for sure. Also, great prices on beer. I highly recommend going during lunch because it gets super busy during dinner time.
4	I come here once a week and the sushi is bombastic! The sushi comes on a conveyor belt and you can choose the type of sushi you want and don't have to wait for it. It's a fun atmosphere with great food.
5	Came to this place after going to the  Chandler location for many years. Obviously, it's not the worlds best sushi, but it's dang cheap and I typically pay around $14 /person and I eat a lot! Like you can get super full. It's really good, and I gave it another star (I gave the Chandler location a 4) because the sashimi is way bigger and super great!!  I recommend the haru poppers, the baked scallop rolls, and the las vegas rolls. If you are a sushi fanatic and looking for some good cheap food, come here!
3	3.5I had lunch here with a coworker on Wednesday and we arrived mid-lunch rush, so we patiently waited for 2 seats to open up at the sushi bar. I had a california roll, spicy crab and shrimp roll, and gyoza. Everything tasted good, and I was glad that they had labels and descriptions for all of the dishes. The service was good and the pricing was good for the quality you received. I'll definitely return
5	Great food great prices!  Don't miss the haru sushi roll it is fantastic. You won't find it on the conveyor belt, you have to ask for it!!
5	God I love this place!!! If you love sushi, getting your food quickly, only have $6 to your name and 30 minutes to spare welcome to your Mecca my friend. Well okay, let me clarify the speed: come during the week at night and at lunch on the weekends. I know that's probably obvious because that's how most restaurants are but worth making it clear. Everyone is different with what they consider quality sushi so let me break down what I look for: zero or very minimal "fishy" taste (check) more rolls that are raw rather than that fried crap (check) decent variety in rolls (check, though from my experience at night after 6pm offers the most variety) tightness of the roll or rather, does it fall apart easily? (Check, they do not). I suggest this place to anyone and everyone that mentions liking sushi; that's how much I love it! Try it for yourself!
4	Sushi on a conveyor!! What more do you need to know?Need to know more? Ok my son and I sat there for a half hour grabbing plates at random off the belt. I didn't bother checking prices. I like to live dangerously. The damage at the end, when we were both full of sushi? About 15 bucks.Good stuff. Just go.
5	I enjoy going here with my boyfriend for a cheap sushi dinner. Very well priced and good service. I love it how once you're seated and place drink orders, you're free to start eating off the conveyor. Although I do have a bad habit of getting too many rolls at once to the point of being full and not able to eat the ones I just got. They also have ramune sodas and sake that they send around too. They're fantastic.
4	i love love LOVE the revolving sushi concept ..... it's a small and very casual spot - good for lunch and dinner.  The chefs are definitely on top of making sure items do not just stick around for hours at a time .... I noticed that there are stickers on each lid, which must signify what time they put it out and when to take it off the conveyor.  When dealing with sushi, that's HUGE!!! Everything tasted delicious and they will take special requests :) Amazing prices --- you really can't beat a $1.50 roll!!!
4	Love the atmosphere here. It is basically an all you can eat set up. The prices are great and the sushi is quality. It is good sushi for the price. For $1-$2 per plate, you can't go wrong. Highly recommend this place for sushi eaters that are not to picky.
5	I just moved here from Boston - home of fresh seafood - and was so happy to discover this sushi bar in my neighborhood.  I slipped in, was seated immediately, got exactly what I wanted with no wait, and got back out of there in 20 minutes.
4	This place is great.  Sometimes I wish they opened up the whole place as it can get packed.  Sushi is great and cheap!! Nice staff too.  Love both locations!!
4	A friend and I were the only ones in the restaurant at 11:20 AM on a Saturday -- I guess sushi isn't a brunch thing. The low prices of sushi plates drew me in, and two tall Asahi beers later, it started getting busy around noon. I tried almost everything that was on the conveyer belt, and my favorites here were the Hawaiian roll and Crunchy roll (they put delicious little fried onions on top). The nigiri salmon is priced at $1 a plate, which is a steal. The yellow tail, albacore nigiri, and gyoza also tasted good. Teharu is definitely a value priced sushi joint that has a lot to offer if you're a fan of nibbling on a variety sushi while dining. But die-hard sushi connoisseurs will probably not be impressed. I would eat here again.
4	There is another location on Chandler Blvd and Ray Road and I have to say this location is better. There is the possibility the day and time of day makes the difference, but at this location the food seemed much fresher.  For example, the gyoza was warmer. Either way this small chain is very enjoyable for the price.
5	Great spot for quick inexpensive sushi. If you didn't know this is a rotating sushi bar so as soon as you sit down you can start eating. Instant gratification. They charge you by the color and quantity of the plates. The fish is fresh they make it constantly and service is good as well. I would highly recommend if you're looking for a quick bite to eat and not spending lots of money.
5	Great spot for quick inexpensive sushi. The fish is fresh they make it constantly and service is good as well. I would highly recommend if you're looking for a quick bite to eat and not spending lots of money.
3	I've been here several times. I like the whole conveyor system and the price. The food isn't amazing, but its pretty good for the price. It's definitely a fun experience if you've never been to a conveyor sushi place. The service is hit or miss, sometimes they barely attend to you but others, like tonight, the servers are on it. The waitress that attended us not only with filling our drinks but also talked to us quite a bit about the different sushi options there were.
5	Super cheap and good way to try new sushi! We will definitely be back! The salmon nigiri, 2 pieces for $1 was a steal! Super buttery cut of salmon. And the Hawaiian roll is so good. I have a gluten intolerance and Teharu definitely give me lots of choices!
5	I've still yet to eat there, but I pickup twice a week pretty much since they opened. Sushi is always good, service is always friendly, and I could stuff my face for $15. Keep on keepin on Teeharu
4	A strong performance by this conveyor belt sushi joint!!! Quality is not bad, not the best but you normally don't expect the best at a conveyor belt style of sushi. These guys do a great job. The COST IS GREAT!!!!!
5	This is my husband and I's favorite place for date night. The conveyor of plates makes for a really interesting experience in and of itself. You are welcome, of course, to ask your waitress for anything that isn't available, but half the fun is waiting for it to come around to you and reaching for it.It's honestly the best tasting sushi we've ever had and well worth it. With fresh ingredients and a nice variety of flavors, we have yet to find a place that we like better. The best part? Even when my husband and I are starved, we don't spend more than $35 plus tip and you get way more than most of the places like Zen 32 that charge you $50 for half of the sushi you can get at Teharu for that price! The atmosphere is always friendly and clean and the service is great even on the nights when the restaurant is packed. We've never had a bad experience to date. A great date night for sushi lovers!
3	Definitely not the best sushi but you gotta love the prices!
5	I love love LOVE this place! The sushi is fresh, delicious, and even though they are crowded most of the time they work fast at getting you in. Don't expect this to be the best sushi out there, but being a big time sushi eater I'm very satisfied with it and it's a perfect place for me to go to because I get sushi several times a week. I can be full here for $12 instead of paying $40 elsewhere! Can't wait to go back again soon. So yum and the service there is great too!
4	8:30 on a Friday night, no food in the house. Starving. Thanks for the tip yelpers! This place is awesome! The food is really good, the price is amazing and you're eating 30 seconds after you sit down. The rolls are great and there's lots of variety. We topped off the night with mochi ice cream.
2	This place is not worth all the hype or the "rave" reviews. The quality of rice is cheap and was hard. About 80% of their rolls are sprinkled with sesame seeds n that's how quality sushi restaurants present or serve their rolls. The quality of fish was poor not fresh or buttery as one review had mentioned.  Each cut of fish was thin paper thin.  The most average or decent roll worth trying is the dragon then the rainbow.  You definitely get what you pay for.  I wanted try this place for the experience n boy was I wrong. Stay clear.  Find another place or go to California.
4	This place is really amazing! So much better than Sushi Eye (another conveyor belt style place). The sushi here is excellent and top quality! My nigiri (salmon) was like butter, so delicious! They have some house style rolls not on their menu, you just have to ask! Happy Hours and all, can't beat the price!
4	If you want sushi at your own pace and without telling the sushi chef what you want, then this place is it.  The quality I would say borders good to excellent. This is rather surprising in the fact that this is a conveyor belt styled sushi place. The price is very reasonable.The staff cycles the dish frequently to keep the items fresh and cold. For a sushi connoisseur, there is nothing worse than warm or luke-cold sushi.Selections are average in that, there are more rolled sushi as opposed to nigiri styled sushi.I do hope the staff will provide ginger (gari), along with wassabi to all the patrons. Finally, this is not a restaurant to hold your power meetings, but will accommodate groups, family style dining, in casual setting.
4	Great food with good prices. But gets very crowded around dinner time. Make reservations. The food conveyer belt is fun for kids.
5	I went here once with my girlfriend hoping for a good time and surah definitely made it one. She was so nice and sweet. She was always had our drinks refill and help us in everyday.
5	This place is great and ALOT of fun. Sarah is a nice lady. Enjoy!!
4	Out of the conveyor belt sushi establishments, I'm a fan of the newer Teharu at FLW/101. It's definitely closer to my home than Sushi Station (Desert Ridge), which is a plus!It was a good sign that we had to wait to be seated at an odd time of 2:30p on a Saturday, IMO. My dad and I sat at the bar which gave us close access to plated sushi whizzing by, waiting to be snagged by eager hands.I consumed:*Seaweed Salad: big fan, but don't be afraid of adding more spice!*Rainbow Roll: nicely done!*Spider Roll: THE best and my favorite - nice presentation!*Spicy Tuna: also, a hit*I Love Salmon Roll:  good, but used too much rice.Dad ate even more than I did, and we each had 2 green teas. Total bill? $27-something. Not too shabby on the purse strings either...I'll be back for more - Teharu - you have been warned.
4	Went here for the first time for lunch with co-workers yesterday and it was quick, fun, and inexpensive. Walked in and we were greeted right away and taken to a booth seat on the far side of the restaurant.  It was pretty busy even though it was around 1 p.m. and that's usually a more "off-time" for the lunch crowd. The conveyor belt was right next to me and it was neat to watch as things passed us by. There were plates with small signs that let you know what each item was as it came up. The only thing I can say negative about this is that it doesn't tell you what's in the item, just what the name of it is, so if you are adverse to anything in particular, you may need to ask a server what goes in it.The waitress was really nice and friendly and they seemed to genuinely enjoy their jobs. I had two of the rainbow roll, some gyoza, and a crab roll plate. Everything was tasty.  The eel sauce that is on the table was good on everything - I recommend you try it!Overall: AI'm sure I'll head back with co-workers since the hubby has a shell-fish allergy! For the price it's a great lunch deal!
5	Fast, fun, delicious, cheap. Nuff said.
5	Excellent affordable. Clean friendly. Great fish. Yummy miso and a hot menu if you prefer noodles or tempura. All at wonderful prices, not much ambiance. If they added a little style they would be packed to the rafters. I think the last houR of lunch....2-3 pm should be 1/2 off all revolving sushi. It does go bad you know. I love the staff, always cherry happy friendly runs around like lunatics to get you want you want.  They must be very happy at work, it shows.
4	If you want no frills and cheap, this is the spot. It's clean and affordable because the most expensive dish on the conveyor belt is $4. Staff is always happy, accommodating and attentive to your needs. I did not try their regular menu items but I prefer the bar because it's just fun and well, I can eat quickly while getting entertainment from good conversation and endless supply of sushi!
1	Good food but absolutely the worst service I have ever gotten anywhere. I had to ask 3 times for more water and each time I was made to feel like I was inconveniencing them. We had two restless babies by the end of our lunch and no one bothered to bring us a check. We waited 15 minutes before I got up myself to go ask for one. The waitresses were incredibly rude. I have never not left a tip but I left them zero and I will NOT be going back.
5	I love this place!! Always fresh and tasty. Unfortunately I moved out of Scottsdale otherwise I would probably be eating there now :)
5	A co-worker recommended this place to me. What's great about it is that the sushi travels to tables on a conveyor belt and you can automatically choose what you want. The baked scallop roll is delicious. The staff is very nice and happy to help. One of the best sushi places I have been to. Each plate is ranges from $1-2 each. How can you beat that? Whenever I go....it is usually about $10 a person. They do have a menu you can order off of as well. I just wish they had more of a drink selection.
5	I think this is the best sushi place ever I like to go there for lunch all the time and honestly I thought stingray sushi was good but this place blows it off the water
5	Our family absolutely loves this place. My wife, teenage daughter and I can't eat more than $23 worth of sushi before being completely full. The staff will make things to order for you a no extra charge. It's just a great place. We go there about once a week. Prior to this place, I hadn't eaten sushi in months.
2	I can understand why so many people like Teharu.  The place is clean and the staff is friendly.  The conveyor belt is just plain fun!  The food is inexpensive.  (Each little plate is either $2.00, $2.50 or $3.00; most are $2.00).But, the food is also cheap.  This is the perfect place for people who think that sushi is a bunch of mayonnaise and krab (that's imitation crab, folks) rolled into rice and cut into pieces.  My colleague and I kept reaching for the tuna sashimi, because that is the only thing that wasn't fried, covered in sauce, or stuffed with the mayo krab mix.  Other items available were octopus salad (which I usually like, but this tasted distinctly like formaldehyde...for the remainder of the afternoon, BTW), caterpillar roll (fresh water, aka farmed, eel on top of the mayonnaise roll), nigiri shrimp (big ball of rice with a flattened top of a piece of shrimp on top), philly roll (cream cheese, cucumber, and bit of tuna rolled in rice), spicy tuna roll (plain in rice), gyoza (fried pork pot stickers), and many, many, unidentifiable items covered in breading and thousand-island colored sauce.  I'm just giving you the lowdown.  We were unaware of a separate menu existing, because we were never offered one, and the conveyor belt menu is posted every few feet in the restaurant.  This was our first time here, and we kind of just had to figure things out for ourselves.  A waitress did eventually come around and ask if we'd like drinks, and she cheerily brought us refills later on, too.  So again, nice staff, clean environment, and cheap food, but it's really crappy food if you are at all educated on what you are putting in your mouth these days.  Best to warn the foodies and let the less knowledgeable have at this place.
1	I went here twice this weekend for my first and second time. I went a second time because the first time we came closer to close and they didn't have much of a selection so we decided to give it another go...After reading a review from someone else saying that they had over charged her and her friends I decided to take a picture of my receipt. I shouldn't have even tipped at all because the service was terrible. The  we had to deal with three different waitress' because the one we were assigned to never came to our table and "forgot" to put my friends order in for Teryaki chicken.We signed out check for $25.00...I checked my statement and they charged me $28.01. (I have posted a picture of my bill and bank statement). When I called to speak to a manager the woman acted like it was nothing. When I told her about the other review and that that was why I took the picture she said, "yeah i don't know why this is happening so much. Maybe the can't read the machine." REALLY your servers are stealing from your customers and that is okay because they "can't read the machine"?!?! We are never going back there. I would rather pay MORE money to an honest business than go back there and be stolen from and have terrible service.
2	It's interested concept but the sushi is not great at all. Most of them has crab mix. A lot of fried and I think they place coloring die on the fish. I will not go back here
4	Teharu Sushi is a great experience.  They do not have extremely fancy rolls, that you would find at Ah-So or Kona Grill.  However, the rolls that they did have were done right and tasted so good!  I am not sure what the other reviewers are referring to, when they said all the rolls are filled with mayo.  This is our favorite and most affordable sushi spot!  We love the concept and will be back for sure!We have also been here a few different times and have never had a problem with our cards being charged for more than we wrote in the total line.
3	I thought this place was awesome - the conveyer belt coming around with different types of sushi you can pick from was definitely cool.  We didn't have to wait around for the food and picked what we liked. I thought the sushi was pretty good,  and the price at $2 a plate was a great.  I recommended the place to a couple of friends of mine...and this is wear it got bad.  My friends told me they looked under the plates of sushi and almost all of em where sticky and gross.  The sushi and price were great, but they became apprehensive when they saw that the plates were dirty - especially at a sushi place where there's raw fish.  I'm not sure if they hand wash the plates or use a machine - but I looked like an idiot recommending this place because the cleanliness wasn't the best. I hope they read this review and make sure the dishes are clean.
4	First time to a conveyor belt sushi place. I love how fast everything is. It's wonderful for people that don't eat a lot because you can pick and choose small portions. I eat simple rolls but they were all delicious. Will be back soon
5	Conveyor belt sushi is awesome, fun and fast. The sushi here is really good, and the prices are great. If you don't see what you want on the belt which is tough because there are always so many options cruising around, just ask and they will make it for you. Can't say enough good things about this place, it's clean, the staff is friendly and the food is great!
5	Affordable place for sushi! Excellent customer service, all around a great place! Coming from Hawaii born and raised it was scary at first to try a fish place but I must say this place does justice! People in Hawaii can only wish they get sushi at this price! Also if you have a group of people, this place is most def the place to go! CHEAP EATS!! They also provide chop stick helpers for kids but you can always request for forks! Good people, good vibes! Trust me when I say this place is GREAT!!!
4	Conveyor belt sushi is awesome, fun and fast. The place is always busy at lunch time so you know you are getting fresh stuff. The sushi here is really good, and the prices are great. the only bad thing is there isn't a ton of parking because the strip mall is so busy.
4	This place reminds me of the local sushi place that I lived above while I was teaching English in Japan. Nothing fancy, just good sushi that is not horribly expensive. Is it the best sushi in town? No. But it comes to you on a conveyor belt! How can you not like that. They have a location in Tempe/Chandeler (off Priest/Ray) and it is also as good. But this one had the best selection I have seen since I started coming to this "chain".
5	Great place with a nice selection of rolls. You cannot beat the price! Our family eats here at least once every two weeks. The staff is really friendly. It's very casual.
4	Great sushi place for the price. Lots of unique rolls that were delicious.  Staff does a pretty good job keeping the wait to a minimum during the busy hours. Recommended if you are looking for quick sushi.
3	I had never been to a conveyor belt sushi place until just a couple nights ago.  This place is literally within walking distance from my home and I am so glad I found it.  The sushi is totally affordable, yellow plates are $1, green, $1.50 and blue $2.  I stuck to the nigiri, personally which all ranged from $1.50-$2.00.  Their rolls were good, especially the Vegas roll but I found that their other rolls were too similar to each other and lacking variety.  I will definitely be back here and if you are ever in the mood for some quick, affordable sushi but don't want to break the bank, Teharu is your go to place!
4	A curious place to be sure. On my first visit, the staff was shorthanded and busy. No one explained how the service worked or how much each plate cost. (I later discovered the following: yellow plates = $1, green = $1.50, blue=$2.) I was relieved to discover my tiger roll (blue plates, 4 pieces each) was only $2 each. The waitress did have GF tamari, but did not bring it out for about 10 minutes, and took longer to catch her for my bill.On my second visit, the waitresses were available, quick to help. The food is tasty and very inexpensive. So all told, the carousel makes trying something new easy and fast, and you can't beat the price, but you have to be persistent on getting your waitress.
4	This revolving sushi bar was recommended to me by a co-worker and we will usually make a weekly lunch trip. The sushi is not the best I've had, but for the price, it's top notch!My favorite is the Dragon roll and the steamed edamame. All of the typical American sushi plates you would expect are here and taste great! The servers are quick to serve you, albeit you may need to wave to get their attention. Overall, it's a great, cheap eat for a weekly work lunch!
4	I really like this place! It's not THE best in town but very good and best of all quick, fresh and the portions are perfect for one.  I also love their iced green tea.
5	Wow Wow WOW! This was an amazing sushi bar for GREAT prices! They were quick on service and their rolls say it all in terms of presentation and taste!
3	Not bad. I like Sushi Station better, maybe because of the setup is seems more full and busy. Anyways, same set up with the conveyor belt sushi and the colored plates (though I didn't like the patterns and found them less easier to discern than S.S.) Cheap sushi that fills you up.
4	This is my go to sushi joint. You could come here for lunch and be in and out and fully satiated in 30 minutes. Sushi is good, not great, but you are getting what you pay for (and you will be shocked every time at how much food you get for so little) The seating is a little cramped and the interior could use a definite design overhaul (large square room, awkward decorations) and I shuld probably mention how strange the music selection is for a north scottsdale sushi spot (oh...cool, a Bieber club song....and now pitbull....*rolls eyes*) Also, it takes forever to get your bill sometimes so make sure you are flagging down your waitress. besides that, delish. Try it out, especially if you have never tried the conveyor belt model before.
3	I've never been to a sushi restaurant where the food comes to you on a conveyor belt. That being said I was reluctant to try anything that I felt would be scary if it sat too long. But then I learned that you can order sushi directly from the sushi chef and that way you don't have to worry about it being fresh. So now I can give this restaurant a thumbs up...pretty good. And, I'll say this, it's inexpensive.
4	I've always had a Consistent experience at Teharu. The food is good but it definitely lacks quality. Knowing that if you're okay with it and you will have a pleasurable experience as well. The best part about to Teharu is that you are in and out very quickly and able to grab the quickest bite in town. I highly recommend the spicy tuna hand roll
4	For starters, if you're going in expecting high-quality sushi, this probably isn't the place for you. Their fare is average AT BEST, but with that said, it's still pretty good and hardly puts a dent in your wallet. I can exit with a full stomach for generally around $12 (including tip). The staff is very kind and friendly. With that said, they have some serious understaffing problems at times. There will be one poor girl in charge of taking care of 10+ people. It's not an ideal situation, but it's hardly the end of the world.The conveyor belt is a cool aspect and makes it easy to come in, sit down, and start eating. For those seriously worried about the food quality, I've been there 30 + times and never experienced any issues whatsoever.If you're craving sushi but don't want to spend an arm and a leg, I highly recommend this place. But temper your expectations a little...
4	I have been to several conveyor belt sushi places and if you're looking for high quality in ANY of them, you've missed the whole point of conveyor belt sushi. It's not SUPPOSED to be high quality. Think of this as the 'fast food' of sushi dining experiences. You don't go to McDonald's expecting a high quality t-bone steak, do you? As long as you keep your expectations in check you won't be too disappointed in these types of places. Now, to talk about Teharu SPECIFICALLY, I can say this:Several reviews have mentioned the sushi is a little 'tired'  looking. I found that to be true. It's nothing special, just kind of slapped together. But then, what do you expect from fast food sushi? You get what you pay for. You want fancy, foo foo sushi, then you need to spend more than $2 a plate. If you have a hankering for sushi but don't want to spend foo foo prices, this place fills a need and your belly, without draining your wallet. I do have to mention that they are cheaper than Sushi Station. And I do think SS edges these guys out in quality and portion sizes, however their most expensive plate is $4.25, while Teharu's is only 2 bucks. Quite a difference. At least this place doesn't charge me a penny for water. In conclusion, a pleasant experience over all. Hunger satisfied and I enjoyed the sushi. Will I be back? Yes, as long as the water remains free
1	I am amazed this place has so many good reviews! Seriously, look at the Yelp pictures people. These "sushi chefs" do NOT know how to slice the fish very well! I think I could do a better job! The other problem I had was the temperature of the fish, not cold at all, and I'm talking about a bunch of nigiri I ordered to be specially made (wasn't sitting out on the conveyor). Look, I know not to expect super high quality sushi at a place like this, but Sushi Station does way better. Teharu needs to step it up some. I felt quite rumbly in the tummy for the next 24hrs. On a side note, it took FOREVER for our waiter to come by and bring us the check despite it not being super busy.
4	Let's start with my reaction when my boyfriend and I got the final bill...jaws drop and then we high-five. For as much as we ate on a Friday night, we walked out of there with a bill less than $20. INCREDIBLE. An inexpensive bill always makes the food taste better in my opinion, but this place does have great sushi! Now don't get me wrong, it's not going to be the quality of stuff you might find in California, but for Arizona sushi, it gets the job done right. We tried the squid salad, cucumber salad, pork dumplings, the vegas roll, spicy tuna roll, crunchy roll, caterpillar roll, and a few others I can't seem to name. You get about 4 pieces of each roll which is great because it allows you to try more rolls without filling up too fast. The rotating sushi bar is such a fun concept, because if something looks tasty, all you have to do is reach for it in time and grab it, then it's yours! Takes the pressure off of ordering sushi. It's a perfect spot for an inexpensive date night. We can't wait to go back!
5	Yes! YES! Hands down my favorite conveyor style sushi bar thus far. If you haven't tried the conveyor belt style yet you are missing out! I am always talking about this place and bringing new people here all the time! Why? I'm so happy you asked...First, the price. We all know anytime you say hmm I want sushi tonight, the next thought is shit, where is my bank account at?? All of the plates here range from $1-$2. What?! The most expensive plate is $2?? Yes, you heard right. This gives you the opportunity to try EVERYTHING. I can easily go to this place once a week and not break the bank.Now the belt has a lot of choices so as I said you can try them all. Don't see something you were craving?? Just ask your server and the chef will make it for you. Now some people may say that they are concerned with the freshness and that some items may be left on the belt for a while. Well now let's use common sense and watch the chef put new items out so that you can guarantee freshness. The service, eh. It's not horrible enough to turn me away, but they are not harassing my table either. This place is ALWAYS busy though so expect a wait. The music is pretty horrid but I didn't come for the atmosphere damn it I came for the food!Highly Recommend. The end.
5	Affordable, good sushi - check!Conveyor style with lots of selections - check!Clean, friendly ambiance - check!Interesting, fun sushi rolls - check!Unique appetizers, salads and desserts on conveyor - check!Full tummies for only $10-$15/person - check! moral of the story... check it out!
4	I used to think that conveyor belt restaurants only existed in the future and in Bugs Bunny cartoons, but a recent trip to this tasty little sushi joint proved me wrong. The future is now and it is happening inside Teharu.Tiny morsels of goodness dressed up attractively on colored plates stream pass you as soon as you sit down. The color of the plate determines the cost of the dish, but unless you are a giant squid, you probably won't exceed $10-$12 per person. And if you are a giant squid sitting at Teharu, then you probably have more pressing concerns anyway than the cost of a caterpillar roll, namely - where is the nearest body of salt water and could that adorable server fit into my beaky maw.All squid-related concerns aside, this is a great little dinner spot. I came here with my girlfriend on a laid-back date night and was more than pleased with our experience. If you're in the mood for quality sushi on a budget then this is the place to go.
1	We went here last night to get a quick meal to take home based on the great reviews.  We waited over 40 minutes and finally just went to one of the waitresses to get a refund.  No one seemed to know what was going on--my order clearly got lost and they were all unresponsive when I inquired a number of times as to the status.  When I finally said I wasn't waiting any longer their response was it really wasn't their fault.  They were always smiling--but really bad customer service.  We will never go back.  They made no effort to provide any corrective solution.
1	We were so excited to go to Teharu Sushi as we love "Conveyor" sushi, and the reviews were great. Maybe we were just spoiled with Sushi Land back when we lived in Oregon, but this place is so below par we cannot imagine how it has so many good reviews. All the rolls there are tiny, I mean microscopic. It might actually be a better value to go to a normal sushi place than eat here. Since the rolls were so small and thin they had virtually no taste to them at all. I have never had to rely on soy sauce and ginger to flavor sushi so much in all my life. Each roll had so little fish, it might as well not have even had any at all. Now before you go thinking "Well what do you expect at $1 - $2 a plate?" Better, much better, in fact we have experienced sushi a thousand times better at Sushi Land, another conveyor style sushi restaurant for the same prices, but with more sushi and of much better flavor and quality. Also upon inspecting the menu, several rolls had the same ingredients, just in different order, which the same name rolls in other places we have been to had a good variety in the ingredients to them.They were so busy when we got there that the poor waitresses were running around like chickens without heads, they had almost no time to be attentive. They are understaffed for sure.Lastly the women's restroom was quite dirty when we were there, and they weren't even open for more than two hours at that point. Bottom line, very bland rolls at a price that actually makes them a rip-off. Too little fish and sub-par service (They were nice, though visibly stressed) and lack of cleanliness.Our search for a good conveyor sushi place continues. The best sushi we have had thus far in Phoenix is Harumi Sushi, but they are not cheap.
4	This place is awesome! My boyfriend & I had never been to a conveyer belt sushi place so we asked how it works (ordering, cost, etc.) and they were more than helpful! The sushi was great, too. Small portions but we were full with 7 or 8 plates and it only cost $15. It was amazing.Only complaint I have is that they are highly understaffed. We didn't get a refill on drinks because the poor waitress was running around doing everything by herself; hostess, waitress, busser, cashier. But other than that it was great!
4	Revolving Sushi. I love that I can sit down and immediately start eating, LOL. They have a lot of different rolls to choose from but sometimes they are all very similar. So far I like the Hawaiian roll the best. They also have other items at the revolving bar like cooked items and desserts. I believe they have a full menu you can order from as well.
4	Very good spot. Sushi is very good and the conveyor belt system allows you to sample anything you want without waiting. Strongly recommend.
5	Probably the best roll sushi I've had in my life, conveyer belt or otherwise, Japan or elsewhere.  I was pretty shocked.  Delicious and fresh at 2:30 PM....  We actually had to wait just a minute for a couple seats at the belt.All the rolls we tried were great.  The Shaggy Dog roll seemed to be the house specialty and was specifically excellent.  Squid salad also great.  They didn't have much nigiri on the belt, and what they had wasn't awesome... but you're at a conveyor belt sushi place with rolls that _are_ awesome, so who cares?I'm super bummed that this place isn't anywhere near where I work.  I'd be here all the time for quick and delicious lunch.
5	REALLY GOOD AND QUICK SUSHI!  this is not fancy sushi but it is really good, fast, and fresh.  If you don't see what you want on the conveyor belt, you can order off the menu.  The spicy ramen soup is really good too, they also have cooked dishes like teriyaki chicken, etc.Gyoza dumplings, hawaiin roll, haru poppers, haru roll, spicy tuna roll are some of my favs.
5	This has become one of our favorite sushi places here in north Scottsdale. The food is excellent and the prices are really reasonable. The fun part is they have a conveyor belt that goes around the restaurant, so you can just sit down at your table or at the bar and start grabbing sushi that you like, no need to wait or place any orders, unless you want to order some drinks or miso soups or whatever. If you don't see exactly what you want on the conveyor belt, you just tell the chefs and they'll make whatever you want within a couple of minutes.
4	Good, solid sushi. Nothing that is really over the top,, but what is there is very good.  The food comes around on a conveyor belt so it is easy to sit down and just dig right in.  Warning though, you can easily over do it.  I thought they were going to have to roll me out.  Price is great.  Two of us going to town still only ran up a $50 tab.
4	I love sushi, and of course my family can't spend a hundred dollars or more every time we want sushi, so this place is perfect! The first time I went here with just my dad, we were actually concerned about how low the prices were. However, not once have I nor anyone in my family gotten sick! The fish is  fresh, the service is incredibly friendly (although they are typically very busy, so the wait might simply be long), and the food is delicious. They actually play a lot of current pop music, which I personally like, but I'm just noting it for anyone who may not like that music genre. Incredibly low prices for pretty good sushi! Of course it isn't as high-quality as expensive sushi is, but for the price, I would definitely recommend it!
3	Good location, mediocre sushi. Customer service isn't bad. The establishment itself is really nice. It's clean and welcoming. My only issue is the lack of options when I go there. Maybe it's my timing. Anyways, not my first option when getting sushi but also not my last.
4	I absolutely love coming in for lunch! Very busy during lunch so myself, and coworkers take a lunch a little sooner in order to beat the "rush" but, the sushi is always fresh and being made to refill the rotating line constantly. The only thing I would suggest is that the servers check on drinks a little more often, but other than that- awesome place for a fast, inexpensive lunch!
