4	Love the fact it's like a new car smell here. Great staff, good food. I will be back. Had the lemon pepper wings and honey mustard. Had the right kind of coating. Love the loaded fries. Every one stop by.. drinks on me!
4	Finally a Miller's in Henderson. Great place to eat, watch your favorite sports game. $8 pitchers of Budwiser, can't beat that. Highly recommend you visit this place.
2	I'm torn cause the good was as good as the one in Town Square but the service was mediocre at best. I know they just opened and there's growing pains but this is why there's training before you open. I'll be back big if they fuck it up next time I'll drive all the way over to Town Square.
5	Miller's Has the best marinated chicken fingers called "zingers" try the sweet Thai chili yummy. Ton's of TV's  like 40 something beers on tap. This place is the "poster boy" of a sports bar/ resturant
5	This place is new just opened a little over a week ago so getting the kinks out. Went in day 2 had Jessica H as a server and she was simply amazing! The manager on duty was great and stopped by the table. You would have thought they had been open for a year. Food was great, service was exceptional and the manager was attentive.  We had a few hiccups with a few other servers but went back and asked for Jessica H and it was as good as it gets!
4	Brand spankin new nestled in the heart of Henderson. With specials everyday from rack of ribs, chicken Marsala, prime rib to ribeye steaks. Match it with your favorite brew or a refreshing cocktail..win win situation all around. Flat screens in every angle possible oh and good service. hopefully it stays like this and not because they just opened. Ps.Tuesdays- Kids eat free and $5 Zingers!
5	5 stars down the board. I've actually never heard of this place. After an intense gym session, Nieves D. suggested Millers Ale house. You had me at Ale! I guess they just opened a Henderson location. The old one is at Town Square.Upon arriving, it was packed! But this place is very spacious with loads of parking. We found Carl I. and Baby TJ finishing up their meal and joined them. 32oz pitcher for $10, you can choose from white/red sangria, loaded Arnold Palmer, margarita, electric blue LIT or mojito. The pitcher wasn't as big as I imagined but it was actually perfect for just us two. The drinks on the menu are pretty cheap though. They have daily specials so I ordered Thursdays special which was the Prime Rib for $12.95. Comes with 1 side so I got loaded French fries. Prime rib was pretty darn delicious. Cooked to perfection and just the right amount to feed my hungry muscles. We also ordered calamari due to Nieves D's obsession. It was drizzled with sweet chili sauce. It was really good. It wasn't over cooked and rubbery which usually happens with calamari. Service was on point. Our server today was Brittney. She had loads of personality and very helpful. A little on the chatty side but she was extra funny. Overall, cheap foods, good food, cheap drinks, good drinks, great experience will be returning as soon as possible.
5	Millers Ale House earns 5 stars.  Food is excellent, staff is excellent, our waitress Tara explained everything and a was there whenever we needed something.  We even took food to go because it was so good.  We also loved the decor, 5 stars to whoever designed this place.  We are definitely going back, glad they are here in Henderson.
4	This new location is big, Service was great! Cheeseburger Flatbread was good, lots of draft beer to choose from. Lunch and dinner specials change daily.  Guacamole is not made in restaurant and tastes straight out of the box but good service, beer and food made up for it.
4	I've heard of this place at Town Square, but never been and when I saw they opened in Henderson near my house I figured I should check them out. Fantastic food!  My husband got the seafood mix, it had lobster tail, crab legs, potatoes, oysters, etc and he loved it. I stayed safe and got the Bistro burger, it was huge and delicious. I was pleasantly surprised by the side salad!  It was large portion and delicious...not just lettuce and croutons thrown in a bowl like most restaurants do. We will definitely be back for more!!
2	The people were great and the service very good considering they've only been open 2 weeks. Nice beer selection but disappointed that they have NO local beera, we've got excellent local brews they should make room on one of the many taps for local beer.  The food was ok, the seafood mac & cheese was very salty, kind of disappoimtimg.
5	If you don't get Marissa as a server you might get screwed, she's the best!!! Restored my faith in Miller's Ale House!!! That Julian though seems shady
5	Brand new....and just a quick drive from our house. Plenty of television throughout the restaurant. Great service. Reasonable prices on food & drinks. Yeah...we'll be back!!! :)
2	I love the location at Town Square so I was excited to see one go up close to my house. I tried it last night with my friends and it was a horrid experience. Our waitress ignored us for our first 15 minutes there and wasn't much better after she took our order since she offered to get us refills and hasn't returned in 10 minutes, the manager ended up doing that for us. It was so loud in there the person 2 feet from me could not hear me over the third replay of Blurred Lines. Keep in mind this was middle of the afternoon on a Thursday. Only reason I gave it 2 stars was the food was good, the atmosphere and and horrible service is what made me give this 2 stars. I will drive out to Town Square before returning to this location again.
1	Horrible.Might as well just order a big plate of grease because that's what the food tastes like. It was our first time going to a millers ale house..and it was prob the worst food I've had since I've lived here. I ordered the fish and chips and it didn't even look edible. The breading just fell off when I were trying to eat it..it was very soggy and greasy. I highly suggest not eating here..also the service was horrible. Our waiter kept apologizing because she took forever to come back to our table.just horrible.
5	My only complain about the place is the bartenders. If you are sitting at the bar be ready to be ignored. I see you are busy and I don't expect you to serve me right away but at least acknowledge me. We had 4 bartenders walk by us and neither one said "hi, I'll be right with you". My husband and I went out to dinner on a Saturday night. It was busy. The hostess said our wait would be 30 min. but we got seated in about 20. The waitress was nice and friendly. Beers were icy cold. The fried calamari was delicious. The best we've had. My husband had a fish sandwich and I had the BBQ ribs. Everything was very tasty. I can't wait to go back and try out more stuff on the menu.
2	So four of us and a kid decided to try this place out. We had not been to the town square location so this was our first time trying it out. When we entered the hostess wasn't very engaging. I talked first saying that there was four of us and a kid. She asked what type of seating we preferred. I requested a booth and she told the woman next to her (which I am guessing is management?) the seat number and then the woman took us to our table. Not a very friendly hostess. Also the woman who took us back wasn't very engaging either. Lisa was our server and if I was just giving her a review, I would give her 5 stars. :) she was very friendly, didn't try to upsell us to the point where it was annoying and she was attentive. The food was mediocre. I had the chicken nachos. They were HUGE but barely had any cheese on them? Uhm hello. Nachos = cheese thanks. My sister had their zingers. She said they were eh. She's had better at Buffalo Wild Wings. The boys had steaks. They didn't have any complaints. But you can't really mess up a steak. Overall, I probably won't be coming back.
2	Average food.  The loaded cheese fries were not very loaded...many fries were just fries.  The fish tacos were ok but were a bit dry and could have used some more of a sauce.  The sweet potato fries were good because of the whipped butter they served them with.  I was disappointed with the beer selection.  With an ale house you would think they might have a better craft selection but it was very average.  Service was ok, the waitress was nice enough but seemed a bit flighty. Prices were ok, but the quality of food was not great so I would not make a special trip here.
2	The server Alex was awesome... The reason for the bad review is because of the food... it was disgusting... I would never eat here again. I would train the kitchen staff how to cook better. I had to send the fish back because it smelled and tasted expired. It had a bad smell and when I tried it i had to spit it into a napkin because I could not swallow it. I asked for a chicken sandwich instead which was dry and tasteless... I will never come back here due to the food...
5	It gets a bit crowded but the staff handled it well. The food was great, adorable prices and lots of drink choices. I like that it's close to me too. It has all the sports games playing which is good to know for football season!
4	This building was my dry cleaning place. I knew something was coming but didn't know what. Happy to see it's a new restaurant for the Henderson area. I did notice the other one in Town Square. Was curious but never went. First off the parking lot was packed. So automatically I assumed it must be good. I loved they have few special parking spots for hybrid cars. Thought that was cool. My first impression was WOW it's huge. It had to large seating areas. Loved that they give good space between tables so you don't feel like your sharing convo with the table next to you. I came during happy hr. Service was quick. Food came with good timing. Server didn't know menu well bit she was very attentive. I tried happy hr items. Which was calamari. Very good to me cause they give you all bodies no tentacles. It comes with Asian chili sauce which I got on side and asked for marina sauce. Seemed like it went better because they sprinkled  Parmesan cheese on it. The cheeseburger flat bread was awesome. Didn't taste like card board at all. Taste just like a cheeseburger. Loved that you could pick it up and bread wouldn't bend. I thought it was gona be greasy. I would eat again! The spinach dip was good. Not to runny or overwhelming with cheese to where you don't taste the spinach ...got all of those at happy hr. $5 each.. Great deal! Also loved all the t.v. Since my boyfriend is a sports fanatic ...
5	Okay everyone listen very closely, Zingers are $5 on Tuesday's This is the Secret, there is an upcharge for this but you will love it.... Get the Zingers tossed in honey BBQ mixed with bacon bits then choose your Mild Medium Hot or Mt St. Helens... I had this yesterday and I had that Ah Ha moment. If you like Zingers this is the way to go.
5	Amazing prices for the quality and quantity of food.  I love seafood and pasta and this place has a lot to choose from.  Seriously the prices can't be beat 14.99 for a pound of crab legs,  19.99 for twin lobster tails.... I have eaten here 2 times this week and I will be back next time I'm in town!
5	My boyfriend and I tried this place last weekend and were pleasantly surprised! My boyfriend's steak was one of theBest he ever hadIn Vegas and we've eaten atSome of the most expensive! Inside the Venetian steak house, Morton's etc. and he enjoyed his steak at Millers the best. The service was great and the atmosphere was fun!!!
5	We're been here quite a few times. Each time we sit at the Patio bar.  We've had great service from Nicole and most of the other bartenders, and today, Scott resolved an issue that involved different information than on their menu.   Plus, we get to watch all the MLB games.Definitely try the nachos.  It's a huge serving.  The drink specials are the main reason we come back.  Daily and every day specials are great.
5	Never been here but will and it is funny that people are that stupid to believe this is fine dinning what it is a big bar food upscale if you don't want stuff cooked in grease then stay away really reality check.
3	So I've been looking forward to having a meal here. I see plenty of cars so that means it's good right? Not really. Just a place with the "new" buzz to it. The hostess were friendly enough. I'm not a fan of giving my phone number so they could text me when my table was ready. Just give me a vibrating hockey puck like everywhere else. You don't need my number. I look at the beer menu and see Yuengling! Woohoo! I order one for my wife and I and am told "we don't have that." Lame. Next, I order a Leffe. Guess what, same response, "we don't have that." Great beer menu, weak actual beer selection. I ordered the oriental chicken, it was decent. Wife had a burger, same thing, decent. When we left, my wife summed it up best: "It's not Yard house, but it's better than McDonalds."
1	First asked the hostess if we need to check with her to sit in the patio area, she says, "it depends" and she didn't take command of the area, meaning greeting and seating, so we just walked back there ourselves. I asked the bartender if we could sit anywhere and it also was a kinda yes and no. I asked about drink specials until we could get decide on a seat, she grabbed the menu and told me I could get captain Morgan vodka double for $5. I said they make a vodka now? She said yes I can mix it with coke or whatever. Which is hilarious when you read on I'll tell you about the Pepsi. So we grab a waitress, the slowest droopy drearest one we could find, well the only one. The other girl was running around cause she kept forgetting everything we later discovered from over hearing the table next to us. Anyway we pop a squat on a high top till we beg Jackie 2 times to bus that table so we can sit in chairs not stools. She offers drinks until then, very good. A bucket of beer with 10 ice cubes and a captain Morgan vodka and soda. LOL Sat at the end of the bar waiting to be delivered for a bit, a couple all in black guys strolled along, didn't grab them to deliver nor was anyone cleaning the table. She said she would get it. She decided to take a order from a 4 top in the mean while. I guess a big party just left, but I only seen 2 dirty tables and 6 busy ones. NO one was at the string of high tops. Then she wanted to take are order, I said I'm still waiting for that table. Tell your boss you need help, NO I'll just do it. She replied. She moved like all she had to eat was valium that day. And the brain activity was just as slow.To the food, the Miller's seafood bake? Awful boiled in water with some seasoning powered here and there. Brought in a net bag. Dry as a fart. Corn mushy and clams cold, awful I'm sure the air condition that was on blasting ceiling fans and the Windows open at 91 degrees out didn't help. I actually opened a wet nap and in less then 3 minutes (yes I did I it twice) it was a piece a loose leaf paper. The waitress had no interest in hearing what I was saying. I DID 3 times attempt to get our unhappiness across. I asked for a COLD glass with salt and lime for my now warm beer. Knew that was going to happen when the bucket only had 10 cubes. She says "we have Pepsi" again I said, same response. We looked at each other and my date said "NO, an empty glass, cold with.." She interrupted with "oh duh, ok". And the bartender things you serve coke? Huh? Maybe they do have both, im not sure. The foil baked mahi was SO SO a bit dry and NO flavor.Then the fire place came on, Wtf? It's mid June in Vegas!! The table next to us even was shocked. Wth is going on. First open the huge ass Windows to null and void the air condition, then a fire? We were SO over this dinner we grabbed our last beers and went out side. Just to noticed the same two glasses on the table outside next to the couch, that we noticed ON THE WAY IN!! We were soooooooo over this evening I would have strangled a manager if I would of demanded to talk to one. Low and behold, the fire pits kick on outside. We ran for the car!!! Worst $66 plus tip, I don't know why I did that. Ever!!! I hope to go back in a few months with a totally different out come. All the experienced people out of work, and this is what they come up with. Shame on you! OH and they didn't have the dessert he wanted either. Poor guy we stopped at McDonald's on the way home from dinner, sad..I have been to the town square location 4 times, NEVER a problem.
5	This place is new so there are some kinks to work out for sure.  Not a lot of choices like this in Henderson so again it is crazy busy when sports are on so consider that when making your decision to dine there.The hostesses don't seem to have a clue, we request the same great waitress Jessica H every time and wait for her at the bar.  The bartenders are ok, I don't especially care for the way they shake your hand and act fake but hey they have a strategy.  One time we have the server Caesar and it was a horrific experience but the food was still good.  We love a young girl named Jessica H she is a great server and anticipates what you need and checks back just often enough.  The order is always right and shes is fun and happy and seems not to let the crowd or stress bother her.  I think you have to remember that this is a Sports Bar so the crowd is loud when there is something big on sports.  The booths are not very comfortable and the bar stools even less so.  BUT the food is good and it is a fun place. Remember what it is and you will have a good time.  Give the place a chance to work out the NEW glitches and get the staff trained.
3	I agree there are definitely some glitches to work out here. First of all the parking is a little awkward because there isn't a lot of it out front and it instead encircles the whole building. This mean a long walk if they are busy to get to the front door which was the only door available to enter. So if you have anyone in your party who might have a little trouble walking or negotiating steps you should drop them off at the front door. The other issue is the front lobby feels crowded and tight. If there are quite a few people waiting and you don't want to bake outside in the heat or sit in the vestibule you pretty much feel in the way.We were seated in a booth after a 10 minute wait and within my party we ordered the twin lobster tails, the half rack of ribs, and the mahi mahi piccata. I ordered the side salad to be brought before the dinner and requested mashed potatoes instead of spinach since the menu indicated that the fish came with a vegetable of the day.Twin lobster tails were very good according to my husband and better than Red Lobster. They were also more reasonably priced than Red Lobster.Half rack of ribs were just ok. My father reported that he had had better and worse.My experience, the salad did not come and when I asked about it the waitress apologized and said that she thought I had asked for it to come with dinner. I cancelled it because dinner would be out at this point any second (which it literally was, it was delivered as she turned around). My fish was on a plate of it's own with no vegetable of the day and I received a plate of mashed potatoes with beef gravy on the side. I sent back the potatoes because it felt like an odd pairing and after taking a bite of the fish sent that back right away also due to it being very bland. If this is their signature sauce they definitely need to work on it.The manager did come out and offered to have anything else I might want made as fast as possible. She was very kind and even offered to bring me out the salad I had cancelled to take my time and think about it. I elected to get an appetizer since my party at this point was mid way through their meal and got the cheeseburger flat bread. The salad was quite large for a dinner salad and fresh, the cheeseburger flat bread was actually quite good.We had another minor kerfuffle when the bill was presented and they still had charged us for the fish and potatoes (which I might add I had ordered as a substitution, not a side). The waitress pointed out that they had comped the flat bread and the salad. I found this to be a little offensive since it felt as if she was alluding that I was trying to get out of paying. I told her I had no problem paying for the food I ate but didn't want to pay for the (more expensive) food I did not eat. She apologized and corrected it.So overall, issues like the parking and lobby probably can't be fixed. Service will hopefully get better as the restaurant grows into itself. Management was quick to respond to a problem in a satisfactory manner. Food was good to ok and an alright value for the money.
5	Our server, "Maggie with the smile" is awesome and very friendly. This place packed on Friday night but we got out seats in less than 15 min...Wow!
4	This place is new at this location and it was packed, but something this particular area really needed.  They have a great Happy Hour from 4 to 6pm, very reasonable drinks and appetizers, $5, you cannot beat that.We were lucky to get here early around 4:30ish which allowed us to get right in and get a seat.  By 6pm, there was a waiting line and every seat was filled.  With that being said, the management of this place was amazing.  There were plenty of servers and support staff and everyone worked together to get food out, drinks out and ensure the customers (US yea) were happy.The food selection on the menu is a really nice selection and the food was good.  ONE CAUTION THOUGH.....Our server did say on the steaks that they season them and tend to over cook them so you should order less then what you want so you have a chance at getting what you want.  My wife found this out as she ordered a steak medium rare and it cam closer to medium well.  I am not sure why this is an issue here, however if the servers are aware of this, management should be as well and the cooks should be aware of it as well.This maybe just part of growing pains as they did recently open in this area and since there are limited places in the area to choose from, the constant crowds and keeping up may be the challenge right now.  Aside from that, everything else was great tasting, well prepared.  There is another one in town down on the strip area and for some reason the food at this location was better then the last visit we had to the one on the strip.  Not sure why, but I guess we will now have to give both a try and see which one is better managed and which cooks take more pride in what they serve.We will be back to both locations, however the newer one, definitely around 4pm when happy hour starts because by dinner time, you will be waiting for a table and I would rather be happy early then hungry later....
1	Me and my husband went here and we were very disappointed! We were seated very quickly and the good came out fairly fast but, the Service was awful! Very unorganized, when they brought out food nobody knew which table it went to. The steak was mostly fat and didn't have any flavor at all! The burger I got was very un-flavorful as well! Won't be back.
2	It's hard to give a two star review when this place is packed even on weeknights. My friend and I were here a few nights ago and made the mistake of ordering salmon and mahi-mahi. Both had to be sent back- the salmon because it had a very strange chemical flavor and the mahi-mahi was dry and overdone with absolutely no lemon butter as requested.  There was no topping of any kind. The Caesar salad had a very strange  dressing that tasted  unpleasant and not at all like the typical Caesar dressing should taste. I guess we just ordered the wrong food at this restaurant. This is a beer and burger joint and we should've stuck with the favorites.The atmosphere however is perfect if you have a few friends with you and just want to hang out especially on a Friday or Saturday night. Can't complain about the service and certainly can't complain about the decor and the ambience. Looks like a fun place but when it comes to the food stick with the typical bar menu items.This place is very very noisy because it seats about  500 people so don't expect to have a quiet conversation. We had heard that a few times before so we knew what to expect.Check it out for yourself you may like it, we didn't. Someday we give  it another try and this time maybe stick with what we should've ordered the first time.
3	Not bad experience good service, bad food, not all but u have to ask for steak be cook rare if u want it medium, no salt, simple and the mash potatoes I can taste the flavor from the box .........is a new place u guys can work in this little things
5	I come here to watch the World Cup games. Excellent food with decent prices and specials. The beers selection is limited but still good. And there're plenty of TV's to have a decent view of the games. My favorite bartender is Cindy, she is so cute
5	Their sangria is really good and a great deal, i've tried their bar food and so far everything has been good. The service   is fast and friendly, i have to mention we watched some world cup games in here and even if they are busy their service is good and friendly.Me and my husband just found our local bar, is close to home and so far everything and every one is been good.
4	We have eaten at Town Square location a few times and I always got the Fish-n-Chips. Eating here I of course had to have the same thing. Service was a little off but I will give it a pass due to opening week and new people being trained. We were seated immediately, it just opened. Drink orders were taken right away and I never had to ask for refills, they were on top of it. I got the fish n chips here to compare to the Town Square location. They of course were good and plentiful. My only complaint is that as our server got busy her attention to our table seemed to decrease. This location is somewhat bigger than the other in town one bar inside and a bar in an area that can be an indoor/outdoor area. Has a real comfortable fireplace area and many TV's for watching sporting events. Overall I will be going here as often as I can, great food fun atmosphere.
2	This is a very large location with plenty of tv screens to show the latest sporting event which was nice.  The family and I have been here twice so far and had fair experiences both times.  Service has been good; however, the food is not as good as I would expect a typical bar and grill would be.  I ordered the French Dip my first time and a Bistro Burger the second time.  The fries that come with the meal was nothing special and both sandwiches were on the bland side, again, nothing special.  I had a craft brew on my first occasion and that was enjoyable.  I think this would be a good place for friends to meet up to watch a sporting event and maybe order a couple of appetizers.  The food doesn't make me want to return with the family.
1	They have berrs listed in the menu that they cannot even get. They only serve Bud products in 22oz glasses. The food looks nothing like what is pictured in the menu. The food actually tastes like what you would expect for the price. Service is lacking and slow. If you complain to the manager, he acts as if you are the one with the problem! All of these isdues are pretty much what happened on the strip after the opening trainers left. I haven't been to that location since. We had hoped tgat this new location would be better...nope!
3	We were thrilled that a new location was opening as we had stopped going to the Miller's in Town Square because it was continually over-crowded during the UFC Fights and people were just rude making it impossible to enjoy the fights. It's pretty much the same set-up as the other location but service was spot-on! Our server was very mindful of stopping by, refilling our drinks and making sure we were happy with our food. Tables were spaced out and we didn't feel like sardines during the UFC Fight. We did determine that, as non smokers, it's not a good idea to sit by the windows overlooking the patio area as the smokers seem to mingle right by the window even though the outside seating area is further away. My only complaint is that they have done away with the raw bar which, besides the UFC Fight, was the only  reason for visiting. I loved their raw oysters as they always tasted fresh--better than some of the high end restaurants we've visited. Please bring the raw bar back!!!
1	Wednesday Lobster special was rubbery & over cooked.Very disappointing. Not impressed whatsoever :-(
2	I want to give this place 2.5 stars - 3 is just too many. The service was ok, the server was new, which was fine, I just wish she knew the menu better. I really wanted to get the zingers (which they are known for...) but for some stupid reason I ordered the regular burger - it was tasteless, the onion rings were pretty good though. The calamari appetizer was the best part of the meal. I may try it again... I like 2nd chances. The others in my group had zingers and one friend had the meat loaf, which he said was ok - I guess it was also tasteless and dry.
3	To me, Miller's is the friend I wonder why I keep spending time with despite not liking them very much. And I can't even put my finger on why I don't like this particular friend but something about them irks me. The restaurant is huge with plenty of booth seating, 2 massive bars, and hightop seating in the separate bar area. The bar area in the back is actually very nice and seems like it could open to their outdoor patio when the weather is good. It's kind of a wood cabin feel and although it's kitschy it's not really my thing. Both times I've visited they've asked if a high-top table in the bar area would be OK, despite having many open booths and regular tables. Why are you holding out on me if the place isn't packed? How about the real deal seating? Service has been pretty decent, albeit a bit slow at times. The drinks haven't gone empty at any point, which is definitely a plus. My husband and I have been ordering from the lighter portion menu. He gets the 8 oz filet and I've tried the chicken breast meal. For the price, these are solid, filling, and not horribly unhealthy options. They both come with red potatoes and a veggie. My steamed broccoli was ice cold when it arrived, although I couldn't complain about the chicken. The waitress was quick to bring me a new side of broccoli. We also order the side tossed salad, which hasn't actually been tossed with dressing either time we've ordered it. OK, so I like my salads tossed. There. I said it. There are plenty of televisions and, from what I understand, they show the UFC fights for free, which is a big deal to some.  If you join their email club you'll get a free captain jack dessert on your birthday. I didn't bother since this isn't something I'd be interested in. It's close by so I'm sure I'll wind up here every once in a while. But this will be one friend I probably won't call on very often...
2	We were excited to try this place out.  I doubt we'll go back now though. The zingers were awesome.  Service needs a lot of work. Appetizers came 40 minutes after we arrived.  It wasn't that packed either. As soon as we could (shortly after the appetizers arrived) we asked the waitress to not wait on bringing out the food. She said she had just placed our main dish order 5 minutes ago so it could take a while.  This is about 30 minutes after we placed our order. We were a little pressed on time to go to a play. They brought out one wrong order, never apologized, and charged us for it.  They didn't even give us plates to put the pizza on. Overall, disappointed.  Not even a single apology for the delays, wrong order, missing plates and utensils, or anything.  What should have taken at most and hour took 1 1/2 hours with wrong orders and poor service.
2	It has a great atmosphere, but food is lacking. The service was slow but they are still in training so I understand. I ordered a french dip sandwich that looked like it was served on a hot dog bun. It was hard to see it under all the onion rings it was buried under. The chips and spinach dip was good, but not enough dip to the amount of chips. They seem to pile on the sides and go light on the main dish. This would be a good place to grab a beer and watch the game, but not to sit down and eat.
1	Overall not impressed at all.  My wife and I were first received by a hostess who insisted on taking about a full minute to finish a conversation with another employee before even acknowledging our presence. We initially had an awesome server who swapped out with another later.  my wife ordered chicken fajitas.  They came out less than half the size of any fajitas plate i have ever seen before.  It consisted of a bunch of peppers and maybe about 6 very small strips of chicken.  They were quite dry and the presentation looked like someone bad spilled the left overs from a fajitas plate on the table and then just randomly shoveled it onto ours.  We very politely talked to Paul the manager about it and his response was "well i guess if you don't like it I'll take half off or something"  as he's still talking he turns his back to us and walks away.  This is a manager???  Overall a very sub standard and disappointing experience.  Servers were very nice and management needs to take at least a basic class in customer service.  I would not recommend this place to anyone who hopes to enjoy their night out.  I'm hesitating to give it 1 star.
1	Upon entering my large group sat at their bar tables and was told by the waitress they don't normally serve food but they will make an exception to serves us there this time. We all wanted to watch the soccer game and was appreciative although it doesn't make sense why not. We didn't receive menus and had to ask and was told once again that they are doing us a favor...I was dying for them to tell me again bc I didn't hear the first two times... Ordered a Caesar salad with mahi mahi. The lettuce was wilted dark brown in spots of more than half of the salad pieces. After picking them out I realize there wasn't too many fresh pieces and gave up and asked for a new one. After 30 mins of waiting some more, I asked the waitress to cancel it. My party was already done eating and I have no desire to keep waiting. My waitress was sweet and apologetic. They didn't charge me for the salad (they better not!!) but I tipped her for the service however, I won't be coming back for the food. 2 people from my group who ordered the Italian Philly sandwich both had stomach upsets after eating here. The 2 others who order that also was fine. Dine here at your discretion.
4	Pleasantly surprised!  I'm not a fan of sports bars but found myself dining here with some amigos.  I would definitely go back!!  The service was great and the food was great!  I was a happy camper!  Sidenote:  I was shocked to see it was a "family establishment" - even kids were welcome.  Not sure how I feel about them inside a huge sports bar, but that's on the parents.  Just seemed strange.I'll go back fo sho.
3	Wasn't impressed.I had fish and chips,ok,wife had 12 oz rib eye ,40% of it was fat .Will try again something different.Still best place for fish & chips in my opinion is village pub.I must add the service was impeccable.
5	Loved Miller's Ale House when we visited! My family and I had the best time, and it was a kid friendly sports bar/restaurant! They were extremely busy with the game on, but CJ was an excellent server who paid attention to us even if he had many other people to deal with. We even were visited by Jasmine, the manager, who made us feel very welcome. We can't wait to go back when football season comes around!
4	Went out here on a Wednesday night because I heard about the lobster special. Was able to get a flat iron steak and 1.25 lbs of lobster for about 24 bucks. Pretty good deal for good food. I will say across the board my service was great from the door greeting to the waitress, to the manager who came by introduced himself and ask how everything was. The food was good to. Not sure the steak was anything to brag about but it was good food. Really enjoyed the lobster, salad and baked potato. I can see myself indulging here again in the near future.
1	Had the prime rib thank god for the potato.  I doubt my dog will eat the tough non seasoned prime rib. Is this from a yak
1	Had the prime rib, terrible the baked potato was great.  I'm not sure what animal the prime rib came from probably not cow.  I'd stick to zingers if I come back
3	Pros:My brother and I checked this place out today. The restaurant is pretty nice and clean. There are 2 bars where you can sit which was very convenient. We ordered the zingers (chicken fingers) and were very tasty!We also had a spinach dip and calamari which were not bad. Cons:Service was very slow and it wasn't even busy. Our bartender asked us what we wanted to drink and walked away (twice) to service other people. She did the same when we ordered the food. The same bartender kept complaining to another employee how bad of a day she was having. The tab was somewhat pricey for 4 beers and 3 appetizers. I was really excited about trying this place out. However, not too sure I'm going back, though.
4	We went for lunch. I had the taco salad. The old saying " where's the beef" came to mind. It might have had a tablespoon if that much. It would have been good with more meat in it. The meatball sub was good. The beers were very reasonably priced. It had a good atmosphere with a pleasant staff. The service was good. My husband has had the meatloaf on the Thursday special and really liked it. I will go there again but will probably not order the Taco Salad.
2	I'm giving them 2 stars only because the chicken zingers were excellent.  If not for those I'd look for zero stars..  Went today for the 2nd time.  Food sucked, are you kidding me, my son ordered the mac n cheese off kids menu and I'm certain it was KRAFT,  he  had broccoli as a side and it had a yellow tint..Isn't broccoli green?  I hate writing reviews this bad but I'm just so annoyed!  The place is amazingly large and I'm sure they spent MILLIONS building it so you'd expect something more impressive on the inside.. UGH the decor is like a bad movie set, cheap tile closer to the back  bar and cheap laminate flooring throughout the rest.. Who puts KRAFT like mac n cheese on the menu and laminate flooring in a place this big?  Maybe the investor ran out of money and had no choice, if so then I understand..  I really only care about ambiance, food and service, So having said that, it all sucked other than those zingers..  The prices for food are cheap though and that shows in taste and quality.  I ordered water to drink and it seemed so unfiltered that I had to order wine at lunch, and that was way over priced, $6.95 a glass for an $8/9 bottle. If your on a budget, don't drink and don't care much about taste then I'd recommend this restaurant.. NOT.  If your a middle class family looking for a good meal and nice time avoid going here.  Just my opinion..  Prob my most negative review and I feel really bad, and had this been a mom and pop place I wouldn't have even written it for fear of hurting their business but come on Millers Ale House..  Notice I didn't mention the service.... exactly... not worth mentioning!!
3	Unlike another customers impression my prime rib was succulent, flavorful and didn't cause me to wonder 'where's the beef?"  Hubby's pork shank met expectations as well!   Disappointment in a to go salad! The chicken and shrimp were over cooked amounting to about 2 ounces! I should have looked in the styrofoam container before leaving!  Admittedly the variety of menu selections brought smiles to our faces! Service was better than expected given what I had read in other reviews! There is room for improvement at this establishment... But we not saw reasons to be optimistic with engaging attentive management!
5	Great variety of food, tons of tv screens for games, excellent portions of food and a variety for whatever you're craving. Loved the friendly service, speediness, and spaciousness. Two beers and two salads and a fajita dinner to share was 34 bucks. Not bad!!! Would def go back!
5	How can you not love Miller's Ale House? They have ALL the things and they do them ALL well! Let's start with the service! This was my second time here and the staff is always ready to serve you and seat you quickly. Joel and I came in on a Sunday around lunch time. Our waitress Brittany was so friendly and made sure all our food and drinks came out fast. The atmosphere is great they have several huge wooden bars and plenty of tables to sit at. They also have different kinds of seating higher chairs and tables, booths and regular chairs and tables. There is a place to sit for everyone whether you are a family (kids eat free Tuesdays ) or if your just there for drinks. Miller's has a great selection of music which I totally appreciate as well.Now the best part The FOOD and drinks!Talk about selection. Boy, do they have it! They also have amazing daily specials when it comes to food and drinks. They have huge bars with lots of different beers on tap or if beer isn't your thing they have a book of ALL the cocktails. On this visit I ordered a Bloody Mary. Which was yummy! It came with a pickle, olives and celery as garnish. I also had a drink called an Orange Crush. Both drinks were perfect and didn't break the bank either! I can't wait to come back and do a Sangria pitcher ( it's only $10). As for food we decided on potstickers for an appetizer. They were tasty and had great garlic flavor. For our entrees I ordered the Southwest Steak Salad. It was HUGE! It came piled high with onion strings, lots of tender pieces of steak, corn, black beans, avocado and a spicy mayo dressing. I loved it! Joel choose the Philly Cheesesteak ( fully loaded) it came with tons of thinly cut steak, onions, mushrooms, peppers and of course cheese. It too was huge and full of flavor. What a satisfying and fun lunch!Miller's Ale House is a great place if you want tasty drinks and food at a reasonable price. Plus the staff is so friendly and helpful you can't help but want to come back.
4	I've been sitting on writing this review just because I really don't know what to rate it!!! The service was top notch, the hostesses were super friendly and our waitress was a sweetheart (I'm a sucker for anyone who compliments my nails lmao), food came in a reasonable amount of time and we were checked up on often. My issue was with the food but I feel like it was just because of mine and my boyfriend's personal preferences. Everything came warm and looked like great sized portions. We ordered the ale house combo, chicken quesadilla and steak sandwich. We can eat oily food but this kind of left a bad taste in both of our mouths and made us feel really heavy and lazy the rest of the day lol and we couldn't even finish it. But I honestly feel like this was maybe just a personal preference since everyone else around us seemed to be really enjoying the food. I always try to give a restaurant two chances before writing a review but the food just didn't sit well in our stomachs and we dont really want to go back unless just for drinks. I would give the food 2 stars and service 5 stars but I don't want to give a restaurant a bad review just because of my taste buds so 4 stars!!! A lot of people like this place so go ahead and give it a try!
1	OMG! I think this place just hired people right off the street passing by! The level of service is pathetic!Went in and waited 5 minutes at the bar before changing seats to the other side of the bar thinking someone might see the two of us and offer us a drink. When someone finally did offer us a drink, the wine glass had lipstick on it and the glasses were dirty.We have been here 4 times and the first 3 times they couldn't get the food order right and under cooked, then over cooked the steak. Sent back 3 times!Pennel, the rude guy sloughing around with his hands inside the clean glasses and pitchers, (I think I solved the mystery of why the glasses were dirty) definitely belongs in the back and should never be allowed to engage customers.Staff walks around looking angry and are confrontational and defensive. Do these guys know we can go to any of the 5 other restaurants within walking distance of here? Well, they suckered us again, but after this review, maybe we can warn a few of you and you can save your money. We definitely will NOT be coming back!
3	First time they over cooked my food, they did remake it but I had to wait 6 more minutes and have everyone star at me as I ate they should. I'll give them another try but fist time was a let down.  I will say the server did her best to make it an enjoyable experience so was over all good, they just need to get food right the first time.  The manager was it walking the floor so they is good. Had they owned up a taken to burger off or even the drinks it would have been 4 stars vs 3. Everyone me up,  but when you do make it right and compensate for lost time. ..
4	Pretty good. I like their daily deaks on food and drinks. Usually come here witb friends after an exam for drinks. Good service
4	Fish tacos were fair but the beer selection was good and the sports bar atmosphere was great. I would defiantly go back to watch a game and have a few beers and dinner. Service started out strong then fizzled but the staff was friendly.
1	let me start off by saying...my husband and I are not really picky eaters. But this place we both had terrible food. Two stars strictly for food. My husband wanted to get steak for his birthday dinner and in Las Vegas there are many many steak places to choose from but we were on a limited budget and wanted to get more bang for our buck. We live in henderson so after researching online for a while i came across the Millers ale house web page and there specials/prices seemed perfect for what we needed......fast forward to our dinner.Atmosphere great! down to earth sports bar crowed all good signs. we were walked over to the bar area in a separate room (ac was way better so again no complaint). Waitress was pleasant and told us about the specials. They offer HUGE pounders for their drinks so again pleased that we don't have to have lots of refills. so far so good.My husband ordered 20oz porterhouse medium rare with baked potato and steamed broccoli and I ordered the Sunday special the Pasta Orleans. My husband is a cook and one touch of his steak he knew it was overdone, potato was bare no butter no sour cream no nothing....and broccoli was rock hard on his plate and in my pasta. my pasta was a mix of shrimp, chicken, broccoli, mushrooms, scallions, tomatoes in a Cajun Alfredo sauce. TERRIBLE....my noodles were so mushy i couldnt even eat them i basically just pushed them around on my plate and ate the chicken and mushrooms out of the pasta. The shrimp was slightly underdone and with all the stuff in it you would think lots of flavor but was just bland and yucky. our waitress saw our distress and im not really a complainer in person (wink wink)  but when asked how our food was my husband told the truth and how he was unhappy with steak and overall food in general. she offered to replace the steak and we said no due to wait time and just not really wanting it. then a few min later the manager came over and asked us again if he could replace the steak, again we said no and he comped us for steak dinner. we didnt push for my pasta due to i ate all the things around the pasta and garlic bread. so we paid our bill and still tipped the waitress cause she aint the cook and we left to Marie Calenders to pick up a truly fantastic french apple pie that made us finally smile.
3	First time there our server Reese was great she admitted she was new but she was very knowledgeable about the menu and specials been back twice since then but not the same service because we didn't have Reese gonna request her always
3	My husband and I went in for dinner on Saturday and was greeted by a hostess that was very friendly and seated promptly. The food server came over quickly and took our drink order after making suggestions and telling us about the specials. All good so far, then the food came. I love seafood and ordered the seafood platter. Shrimp, scallops, clams, all okay. Fish was so oily I had to remove the coating to even try to it it. Overall not a bad experience. Fast forward late lunch on Wednesday. Again the hostess was great. Food server came over to take our order, no enthusiasm at all. The place was not busy at all so that wasn't it. She didn't offer any suggestions, did not explain the specials, nothing, just acted like we were interrupting her day. We received our food, delivered by someone else. She finally passed by and asked if our food was okay. My husband had ordered the special of the day which was a country steak that had very little gravy so he asked her for more gravy. He waited more than 5 minutes before he started to eat his by then cold food. The food server passed by with some drinks for another table, still no gravy. I asked if that was our food server and was assured that it was, so I asked where the gravy was, no answer. She finally brought a small cup of gravy and plopped down on the table and walked away without a word. By then he was almost finished with his meal. My tea glass was empty and as she passed by again she pointed at my glass, not saying anything, I said yes please I would love more tea. She took the glass and went behind a partition with it. She then came back out and went to refill my glass from a tea container that was in full view of our table. She brought the glass back and put it on the table and didn't acknowledge my "thank you." I wouldn't drink that tea because I was concerned about what she did with that glass out of my view. Would be better if they had pitchers for refills. Don't think we'll be going back.
3	I ate here because of the variety on the menu and we don't have places like this in so cal. Harris Ranch steaks for under $20, seafood, and great beer selection. Henderson has a ton of sports books and gaming sports bar/restaurants, however, this place is great because noooo gaming. It feels special, and yum. the Lagunitas IPA was 7.50, which is a scam! Anyhow, we all enjoyed. They have 35 shrimp for 20 bucks. good stuff. I would go again. Its not fancy, but cool! the service was awesome too. PS The water glasses are like 42 oz. lol all the way to hydration land. Lake Mead is drying up, its kinda wasteful.
2	I'll be honest, we went here for my sisters birthday. The millers in Town Square I loved so I said great things about this one upon arrival. Let me just say I will never EAT here again. The food was horrible. The service? Great, our server was awesome. If I wanted to go drinking and watch sports I might come here. Other then that......I won't be here again.
2	There are literally over 60 TVs in this place so wherever you sit youre going to be able to aee all four channels theyre playing. Sat down and it took longer than usual for our waitress to get to us. We ordered sodas and they were twice the size of a normal soda and we didnt need refills which was nice because our waitress never came to check on us. I ordered the ribeye and my friend ordered steak fajitas. Im not picky about fat on my steak (though 50% of the steak was fat) but what I am picky about is if there is a big fat VEIN in my steak. That is NOT normal. I stopped eating once I found it. I also ordered a caeser salad with it. I took one bite and pushed it to the side. It tasted old and the croutons had gross Italian seasining on them. My friends fajitas were good except when she ate the steak by itself, there was zero seasoning on the meat. The guacamole was just pureed avocado and was straight out of a container. Me and my friend had to convince each other to say something about the food because it was really that bad. The hostess came by and saw the look on our faces and told us shed go fetch our waitress. She came and said shed get the manager, Andre. He came and we explained everything. He was a little defensive about the food but overall he gave me a new cut of steak to go with more onion rings and he reduced our $50 dollar bill to a $20 bill. Overall our experience wasnt that great but I gave it 2 stars because of Andre. and how he did his best to fix everything. We wont be back.
3	Came here on a Friday night. Ate at the bar. Service was awesome and our server was extremely cool to let us split our bills without rolling her eyes. She was great. The food, however, was a little on the bland side. Ordered the fish and chips and a chicken quesadilla appetizer. Both were on the bland side and needed a little more salt. I will say this, the fish and chips portion was huge and enough for two to share, the chicken quesadilla was only $5 as part of the happy hour specials, and the atmosphere was pretty cool. I will definitely return and give it another shot, if not for the food, definitely for the drinks and atmosphere.
3	Ok. First things first!  The largest glass a beer is a 16oz pint.  Joke!   They have a bunch a beer on tap and that's the biggest beer you got.  Joke!The server touted the burgers and how great they were and you find a better burger in the area.The beer was good and Ice Cold but the 16oz glasses sucked and the burgers were marginal at best.   They had a cutie little gal severing us the beer with real pointy finger nails, she was awesome.Bigger glass and don't push the burgers!You got great cold beer!  That why you got three stars!
3	I have come here a few with my boyfriend. We generally like to come here for the Monday rib special, to watch sports, and have drinks. Generally, we have good service however this last time was the absolutely terrible. I work in hospitality so I understand complaining guests or if it's busy. But it really bugged me to see the place not very busy, and what appears to be a manager standing around by the bar talking to two different groups of guys and no one else. Two serves sitting down eating, leaving two bar tenders to run the place. Our server only came up to our table to take our order. He walked past us multiple times avoiding eye contact. No other server offered service. I made more eye contact with the cooks than anyone actually on the floor.   The food was ok. I had the sea food Mac n cheese and the boyfriend had the ribs special. He said the ribs were watered down and they didn't put enough BBQ sauce on them(trying to get the waiter to bring a side of it would have taken another 20 minutes).With this all being said, we will still come back here for the good specials. But let's hope we don't receive the same service.
5	This is my ultimate favorite restaurant/bar in Henderson! Food is always great, the experience as a sport fan is phenomenal, and the management and staff are A1! Tony and Jasmine are always on top of things and are there everytime I come in. They make you feel like family :) I can't wait till football starts!!!
4	Been here once and had to come back for the mojitos. $10 for a pitcher, you can't beat that and their appetizers are $5 during happy hour (except for two). But what makes it today is this bartender. Chris. He made my Mojito amazing. Last time I could hardly taste the rum, but this time I need a couple breaks. When you come you need to get their nachos. They are so huge and amazing. Well the first time they were, this time there's not that much meat on them but more chips than anything. Trying the spinach dip for the first time and its super good. Gonna continue eating, bye.
2	The worst experience dealing with a hostess, we talk to the manager and he was worthless too.  I wanted to order a pitcher of  angry orchard beer and the waitress told me that I could not order it because they didn't offer that beer in a pitcher.  So I asked to speak to the manager again and I asked him why I could not order a pitcher of angry orchard?  He told me the alcohol content in that beer was too high and that they could not sell it as a pitcher, I told him that beer had the same level of alcohol content that Bud Light and all the other beers.   As I was speaking with him a birthday party was being conducted at the bar and there was about 12 young man highly drunk and making fools of themselves.   The food server the nice young lady with the wild finger nails  was outstanding!  Once again though the food was very good .  The server will be the only reason we probably will go back the manager was a fool and the hostess was very rude amazing how they stay in business.  Check out the drunks in the picture I post, I can't get a pitcher of beer but they can serve multiple shots to young people that are  totally wiped out.   Totally incredible!
5	We went to Miller's Ale House for my wife's Birthday, the good was amazing as a matter of fact my brothers kids talked about how they want to go there again, my brother ordered the fried shrimp plate it was a huge portion, he loves fried shrimp but of course who doesn't and he couldn't believe how much shrimp he got.I enjoyed my food also, the service great.
2	Went with my parents during their visit. They have been to one in Florida a couple times and raved about the food. I ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich and it was huge! I was in the mood for wings but I'm picky about how they're prepared. Didn't know their zingers were on special because our server never mentioned it. Sandwich was good, service average. Upon receiving our bill, we noticed it wasn't ours. Honest mistake. I'll probably come back but not until they get things in order with service and  being fairly new.
3	Miller's Ale House is one of the slew of new restaurants / food places in 2014 on Stephanie St near Sunset. It's the last one, other than Outback, that I hadn't tried - until tonight.I was looking forward to seeing their massive TV's up close (they're nice, easily a good game day spot) and checking out their happy hour appetizers for $5. Well, you would think that somebody would point out that happy hour is not available in the current evening when they've been asked twice. First, my friend made a phone call (possibly answered by the host) to ask about happy hour times. Second, we queried the host again before seating. Yes, happy hour is available at the bar or at a booth, but you really could have mentioned that it would not be available at either seating location tonight. Really.By the way, that happy hour thing is Mon-Fri only (3:00-6:00pm and 10:00pm until they close at 2:00am).So we were asking about the availability of happy hour drinks - and they have a lot of drink specials, bears on tap and bottled, and all kinds of things that standard bar-goers might want - and our server said that happy hour was only on weekdays for both drink and food. Lovely, glad to hear it after we were seated.We decided to order food anyway. I ended up getting the fiesta nachos ($8.99) owing to lack of appetite, and my friend got the cajun chicken pasta ($11.99).The nachos were pretty good, although to be fair I really haven't had a bad nacho experience yet at a typical American chain restaurant or bar. Good chili-seasoned ground beef, melted cheeses, sour cream and guacamole, pico de gallo, jalapenos, and green onions over a bed of crispy tortilla chips. It was salted evenly, and the portion was average for an appetizer, which is to say an average person might get full on nachos alone..I tried a few bites of the pasta too. The noodles were pretty thin and didn't seem al dente, but they weren't terribly overcooked. The blackened chicken was tasty and plentiful. The spicy alfredo sauce, as they call it, is about as heavy as is it spicy: not very much at all. My one real complaint about the dish is the lack of crunch on the so-called garlic bread. It seemed like there was just cheese, some garlic flavoring, and barely anything done to make the bread not chewy. It could be that they toasted it a little bit but that the cheese overwhelmed any crunch, but I think that they put the cheese on top then melted it, which happened to brown some of the edges. The texture was actually a good kind of chewy, but it was not what I was expecting at all.The thing about the host's lack of thoughtfulness that irked me was how helpful the servers were later. They mentioned that our first server went off-shift but made sure that we knew that the appetizer was still coming. They asked if we wanted to split the entree. They brought water, a whole new cup at that. They asked about to-go boxes. It's almost maddening to see the discrepancy between how helpful the servers were and how helpful the host was.Overall, it's pretty solid food, and it's worth a try if you live in the area. I may go back to try some of their lunch specials. I would have considered giving them a higher rating for this visit, but the negatives that I am holding against them.are the pasta dish issues and the host's dreadfully misleading communication issues.
3	I came here with some family friends. I ordered the half rack baby back ribs with rice, a side of tossed salad, and a raspberry iced tea. First off, the drinks they serve here are HUGE..or should i say the cups they put them in are huge and they fill them pretty well. 2 people could share one drink easily. The ribs were ok with a generic bbq sauce and the rice was like a pilaf that was microwaved. The tossed salad was...err....salad. So why am i giving this place 3 stars you might ask? Well, i have to admit that the ambience is great. There are so many widescreen tvs (probably more than Best Buy)  that you can literally sit anywhere and have ur eyes directed at the game without turning your neck. The place is pretty clean and the employees wear football jerseys. If I were in the mood to watch my favorite game and have some pupus (i mean appetizers) on the side, Miller's Ale house would be a great place to go with friends.
5	Food is awesome and service is good!  I will definitely come back my next visit to Henderson!.  Went one day for lunch the blackened Cajun steak salad.  Went for dinner and had the 35 Shrimp Scampi that is one of the best I have ever had! Also has a nice drink and beer selection!
4	I have been coming to this location since they opened the doors. Service and food have yet to disappoint. Lobster Lunch Wednesdays are just AWESOME! service is great and great atmosphere. Great place any time of day!
4	They have good pastas and sandwiches, they have wifi, most of the services is good. Reasonable price. Daily special price for special menu. Comfortable place. I love this place
5	Always great service and very friendly servers.   The food is always good along with large portions.  Many tvs in the restaurant to view all of your games.  Great place!
4	This is a pretty decent joint that's working on improving to match the standards set by the location at Town Square.A while back, I had a credit card snafu where they both lost my card and double charged me, and was really unhappy with management's reaction (or lack thereof). That said, they followed up later and made things right. The prices are all pretty reasonable, and the service is normally solid for the size of the restaurant. It's also a fantastic place to watch sports. They have a ton of huge TVs.The only questionable aspect of this location is the consistency of the food. The menu is great, but they don't hit on quality every time compared to the Town Square location. I'm sure that's just some growing pains, though. I've had a few prime rib or lobster specials that have come out a little incorrectly cooked, and mahi mahi that was tiny and came out with 3 pieces of broccoli.But, if you like sports and seafood, make sure to stop by! They do a lot of the right thing here.
3	Food. Ok. Beer selection on point. That's why I like the place. Staff. Meh. They seem fake nice, which is unfortunate in Henderson. My husband and I went to Millers this evening and they had live music. The dude was fantastic! We enjoyed every minute. But NO ONE, not even the manager, could tell me who he was... How does a venue not know who they booked?! Super bummed to leave and not know who we were listening to. We're local artists who want to support other local artists.
4	A friend told me about Miller's and their Cobb Salad.  Well all she said was true.  It was fabulous.  A good filling portion.  Returned a second time and had the Blackened Chicken Key Lime salad and it was fabulous. Each time we shared a dessert and both were deliciously good.  When entering, both times, the hostesses seemed a little distracted and somewhat stand-offish.  The servers each time were pleasant and checked on us regularly.
3	Great selection of beer, actually excellent selection of beer! Beautiful location!The food was one of the best for a great value. But the thing that got me, was the fact that I ordered a pint of Guinness, and they gave me a brown Guinness. Now when I order one I always expect a perfect pint, so that was unfortunate.Great food, great selections, good value, maybe not experienced bartenders, next time I come, definitely just a Bud Light.
2	If you sit at the bar make sure you are young and male. The female bartenders are surly and rude unless you are male and under 28 years old. I guess they assume 40 year old people don't tip. Since I was a server and all through college, I always tip 20% because I appreciate how hard service people work. In this case I just couldn't do it because the two female bartenders acted like I was bothering them when I ordered a round of doubles.
4	My friend and I went back again last night and finally got to try their happy hour food.First, a word about happy hour appetizers. This designation used to apply to most of the appetizers, but it seems that they may be trying to limit their selection even further. Our server initially indicated that we could only get the potstickers, fried mozzarella, beer batter onion rings, and spinach dip at $5. However, she did later relent after recommending a second appetizer and subsequently trying to run it through the machine for $5 (and it worked).By the way, she told me not to tell anybody about the discount thing, so shush.Anyway, both apps came out at the same time. I was wary about the fried mozzarella at first because the "sticks" looked perhaps two shades lighter than golden brown. Nevertheless, they were crunchy and filled with hot, stringy mozzarella. The layer of breading is not too thin or thick, and the marinara was nice and filled with tomato chunks. It's not spectacular, but solid.The blackened chicken quesadilla, which our server recommended, had ample chunks of chicken and a decent amount of cheese, some shredded lettuce w/ sour cream, and a nice side of rice pilaf with black beans and diced tomatoes. Using a small amount of sour cream was enough to cover up any dryness issues, and I had no complaints about any of the sides, although I wisely avoided eating all of the sour cream. I thought it was interesting that they cut it into five pieces though, and I'm not sure it ended up in very even sharing between the two of us.I hesitate slightly to bump up the rating based on the food alone, but there is something quite charming about hearing the more obscure singles or non-singles of some fairly mainstream bands that I enjoy. There were songs from Imagine Dragons, The Heavy, CHVRCHES, Capital Cities on this visit, and I'm sure there were other interesting song selections on my first visit. I'm not sure if I'd hear this sort of music at other places, chain or not.
3	Nice place, food is average, service was fantastic! I won't be driving out of my way to come back here, but it was okay since it was close by. The nacho appetizer was a great meal for two, but stay away from the soup in a bread bowl! The bread was old and stale and the soup was tasteless.
1	This is a large group review. We celebrated a friends bridal shower here. We went early around 11 or 11:30 hoping to beat the weekend lunch craziness. Sevice was incredibly slow and it about 2 hours to get our food. Our waitress was very inattentive and I kept on having to get up to go find someone to help us with drinks. We have been here before with smaller groups and have had a great experience so I was disappointed with our larger group. 1 server for 15 people was just not sufficient.
2	I really like Millers but this place is horrible at transitioning from the early to afternoon games on Sundays. The "it'll be on these tv's after these games are over" excuse is unacceptable. All the tv's are showing the same games!!!!  You're telling me with your high tech audio room you can't change some channels? It's either lazy or incompetent.
1	Well, if I came here only to watch the game I would have given this place 5 stars based on the atmosphere.  However, came here for lunch and 20 minutes later I still have no drink. Oh, and six waitresses have walked past me but not said a word. What great customer service! Kudos to you....
2	Well, the second try is not a charm- Sorry Ale House in Henderson.  I love the Town Square and Orlando locations, but have been burned by the Stephanie restaurant twice now.  Second visit- After a promising start only waiting a couple of minutes to get seated, we then waited 10 minutes for anyone to stop by our table.  Once the server (Antoinette) finally arrives, she seems lost.  We are ready, so we order a bunch of apps., pitchers, and waters.  Let's get this party started!  Less than a minute after she leaves, the onion rings show up...sounds awesome, but they were stone cold and greasy.  Someone probably sent them back once already.  10 minutes later and still no water, mojitos, or margarita pitchers.  I stop Antoinette as she breezes by without a glance.  She once again looks at me like she has no idea that we are there or that we ordered anything.  She says she'll check on our order.  Apparently, water must be hard to make.  A little while the mojitos show up and they are absolutely God awful.  I cannot even describe it.  Needless to say, we did not drink them. Then the mozzarella sticks show up.  Zero for three Ale House, they are completely freezer burnt!  At this point, the girls and I are looking around for Ashton, because we have to be getting punked.  Next come the must be virgin margaritas, because these things are completely  devoid of alcohol!  No straws, we asked, but never got them.After that let down, the medium heat zingers and loaded fries show up.  Finally the night is looking up because these were the only shining light in the whole dark deary debacle.  They had the usual awesome flavor (these are fat free, right?).  Unfortunately, then the nachos came out.  Stale burnt chips, unsalted, toppings only on the top few chips.  Terrible once again.Out server never checked on us to find out how anything was.  When she finally came around she laid down the check without a word.  Not only was the mojitos pitcher I sent back on there, so were two things we didn't even order!!  I asked to speak with a manger.  This took almost 20 minutes, but there was no way I was paying this whole tab.  The only reason this establishment is not getting 1 star is that the manager did come over and took a big chunk off of our bill after I spoke with him.  Needles to say, I will not be returning for a third installment of this torture.
5	Love it there! Great service not mention the food! Sliders and Zingers are my favorite:)when you go try "The Sampler Tray" reasonable price to try out Beers from around the world. What a bargain!  You get more bank for your buck!! Our new Dinner Date place to go! CHEERS
3	First off..... let me start by saying this was THE WORST bartender I have EVER EVER had! Heather had NO idea what the specials were... let alone what type of beer they had. Literally every question we asked she just stood there with a blank stare on her face and said.... " uh...... I dunno! " and just stood there.  Then when it came time to order food... oh I swear she straight lost her brain completely!  My bf just asked for regular steak fries instead of the sweet potato ones. Once again the look on her face was priceless!  She then went around the entire bar asking people questions to which we had no clue what was so confusing. .. When she got back to us she looked at us and said... "we are all out of steak fries! " I looked at her and replied " so you're telling me you guys don't have regular french fries? !" She all of the sudden dropped her jaw and just stood there again....Ok enough. Food was ok.... service from Heather was terrible until the end of the night when bartender Candy came up and basically told us that EVERYTHING Heather said wasn't available to us all night ACTUALLY was... candy is the only thing saving this review. Sorry guys but I can just imagine how much $$$ you lose on a weekend night with someone like her behind the bar!
5	2 weeks ago, my husband and I and another couple went to Millers Ale House. Our experience that night was very disappointing. Our food server was terrible, the food took a very long time and when we finally got it, 3 of the 4 entrees had to be sent back! The best part of the evening was meeting the manager, Jasmine! She was very sweet and understanding and to invite us back, she gave us a gift certificate to use! She told us when we do come back to just ask for her when we get there.Tonite the four of us went back. When we walked in, I asked for Jasmine and when she came to the front, she greeted us warmly and even remembered my name! After being seated by her, she introduced us to our server, Crystal. Crystal was an absolute delight! She was efficient and attentative and very pleasant! We were treated like royalty tonite! Jasmine and Crystal, I hope Millers Ale House appreciates you both and know what valuable employees you both are! We are looking forward to our next visit!
2	Be prepared to wait...this place was great when it first opened a few months ago but the greeters are absolutely obnoxious. One girl asks customers to wait in the "waiting room" between two entry doors then said where others could hear I don't like looking at their faces.  They don't look at who is in front of them but instead say to the air "is a hightop ok?" One man was with a 400 poundish woman and another on Oxygen he said to her does it look like it will work for us?!?@! Most of the servers are pretty good and the food is good but slow to come out.  A wonderful server who we never seem to be able to get anymore is a girl named Jessica H. She is fabulous.  I guess it is a sports bar so what do you expect? The seats are miserably hard and the bar tenders if you wait at the bar ask and say the same "pat" answers each time. I had high hopes for the place when it first opened.  Not so much now.
5	Cold beer and good prices.  If you're looking to watch a game you can always find a tv.
4	One of the few chains I am happy eating at on a regular basis is Miller's Ale House. I have been here at least 5 times, and other than a couple minor disappointments that I will touch on in this review, I've had many good experiences. Pros:Selection! A little big of everything. Want a salad, steak, fish, or potstickers? They have all of those.  Service. Happy, perky people. Almost always. Appreciated. Price. Deals!! Daily specials. Alcohol & happy hours. YESSSSSS.Game day. TV's for days!!!!!!!! As Allison S. would say, "ALL THE GAMES!!"Cons:Salads. Haven't found one I enjoy, the freshness just is not there. Consistency. I hate when places run out of stuff, or say they have a daily soup, but that soup isn't there. Weak Drinks. Sangria pitcher for $10 sounds wonderful. No, super watered down. I can't really think of other cons. It is overall a really decent place to eat. I left quality out of either selection because you get what you pay for. The food is decent, not over the top amazing. But would you expect a $12 steak to be the best ever? It also can be great for a family dinner, or a girls night out.Above average chain food at its finest!
4	Food is ok but service is good, I mainly come here to watch the football game and have a few drinks TVs on every wall with different games going on and the patios big screen it's awesome.
4	Stopped here Saturday afternoon for an early dinner on a one day Vegas turn around.  Just happened to be driving buy and noticed it.  A new place that we hadn't seen before.  Glad we stopped.  Normal pub type food.  Good fish tacos and hand made pizza.  Great atmopsphere and the service was prompt and friendly.  And the beer.... nice and cold.  Definately wouldl visist here again.
3	Food was good, monday night rack of rib special, meat fell right off the bones! service at the table was good. My only complaint was when we walked in the door, the hostess ignored us for a time as she was too busy hiding her cell phone inside her drawer at her podium and texting.
4	My wife and I were in a hurry so we got some food to go. We got the zinger melt, Caesar salad and split osobucco. The zinger melt was amazing, garlic Parmesan! The salad was a salad and was good. The osobucco was good minus they forgot our sides. Service was also friendly and quick. Defin will be back and will check for my sides :-)
5	Definitely enjoyed the atmosphere & watching my Giants win the World Series! Food & drinks were good, plus service was excellent. Skyler was the best!
2	Been here 4 times in the last month and everytime I've been here, width 4-6 in my group there is inconsistencies between service and/or food.Biggest appeal to me was roomy booths and plenty of TVs to watch the games. But after today our group decided we will be meeting elsewhere.
1	I've visited this location at least two times prior but this was by far the worst! Arrived this afternoon to watch an NFL game, was promptly seated by the hostess who was very nice. We had a table in the back bar which was not full. Many open tables. Waitress in a Vikings jersey asked for our drink order and gave us menus. She seemed bothered that we asked for water to start with while we looked over the menu. That was the last time we saw her. The first quarter of the game finished with absolutely no service. The table behind us seemed annoyed as well as one person got up to find some help. That's when we decided to take our business down the street to Sierra Gold. Made sure to let the new hostess know service was lacking (to say the least).  Not a good place if you want good service while cheering in your team!
2	Same restaurant, different location. I don't really care for the other Miller's Ale House, but as usual, I was here for a birthday dinner. They were really busy, however, they have a very convenient system of texting you when your table is available. I received an initial text telling me the wait time (25 minutes) and a hyperlink with more information. We ended up getting a table within 12 minutes and a prompt text alerting us of it.Our server was nice and very attentive (he checked on us at least three times throughout the meal), however, our food didn't reflect our orders exactly. Small errors though like Ruben's burger coming back medium rather than medium rare and the wrong sauce on our chicken; so it was nothing too upsetting.Ruben and I shared an order of their Zingers ($9.99). The intention was to have the chicken strips tossed in medium AND BBQ sauces, but it came out with just medium sauce. Actually, it was swimming in a bowl of sauce. It made everything soggy and the batter was falling off when we tried to fish it out. It was so weird and kinda gross. It was also not nearly as good as I remember it, which is sad because this was the only thing I enjoyed at Miller's. Also, their ranch isn't very tasty.I had the Blackened Chicken Key Lime Salad and Ruben had the British Burger with Fries. The salad was all right. Nothing spectacular in appearance or taste. The dressing was bland; I couldn't taste the key lime at all. The tortilla strips were just broken up pieces of tortilla chips, which was awkward when some of the pieces were larger than half dollar coins. Ruben seemed to enjoy his burger for the most part (besides the burger temperature issue). Oh, and their fries are flavorless.I really don't care for their food or the restaurant in general and wish people would stop choosing their restaurants for gatherings. In any case, I'll end with some positives: there are many televisions with several different games and sports, so it's a great spot to catch a game with your friends; the prices are cheap; and the kids' activity book is very detailed.
5	Always a fun time here. Food is great and you can never go wrong with television set up on every corner showing football! Love it.
5	I've eaten at this miller quite a few times and the food is always great and love the day shift bartender adina that's where we usually sit to eat service is great food is good would definitely recommend this place for lunch or dinner
5	Came in here for lunch! The service was awesome, Adina was our bartender and she was super cool! Food is always great!
4	The food is average. .. great place to watch football on Sundays. Lots of room compared to the town square location. The nachos are huge!
3	The only reason I'm even giving three stars is because the food was good & fast. From walking into the door and being great by 'breana' in the most unprofessional way. Usually hosts are supposed to be smiley and upbeat to start your dinner off right, I guess she must of missed that part of orientation. The server we had, greeted us nicely but when we said we only wanted a salad, he quickly changed his demeanor. I must say, I love Miller's, but I will not be going back to this one any time soon. I'd rather make the drive to Town Square and be treated properly.
1	Food was cold. Nachos sat in the window for 15 mins. Chicken philly was cold. They even burnt the inside of a grilled cheese! Messed up the beer order. Bottom line definitely not coming back here again!
5	This Sports Bar was recommended by a friend.   78 flat screen TV's, food was great, reasonably  priced, large drink menu just something for everyone's taste.    Two things that were great was the cleanliness of the entire place!   One of the managers stopped by our table and he said they hire an outside cleaning crew to come in daily.  It really shows.    Second was our server Anntoniette she was just a joy!  She was full of personality and made us fell welcomed.  Only bad part was our team was creamed by a bunch of crazy ducks!
4	Good FoodGood Friendly, Hostes and Servers.They actualy check up on you a minuit or two after your foods been deliverd.Open late. I will return many more times.
4	If you're looking for s good new sports bar, this is the place. TV's everywhere!!!  Great food selection however if you are vegetarian, there are maybe 2 things you can get here. They have a great chicken Philly sandwich. I really enjoyed their fish tacos.
4	They have some really great bar food and daily deals. I love love love their zingers especially dipped in blue cheese, and on Tuesdays zingers are only $5. Their zinger pizza is so delicious and it's only $8.49. Also their capt'n jack's buried treasure ice cream cake is such a satisfying dessert.
