4	If good food, excellent service, and bartenders that mix drinks strong enough to knock a bull elephant to it's knees aren't enough for you then perhaps all these and the lure of a mechanical bull will do the trick. First and foremost, the food was good. The selection will definitely appeal to the man's man with a variety of bar appetizers and entrees including beef, pulled pork sandwiches, burgers, chicken, and some fish. The Bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer was decent (the cornbread was a tad dry), I found the Tempe Burger to be a tasty treat, make sure they bring your BBQ sauce on the side as most chains will slather it on obliterating the taste of the burger and my dinner companion had no complaints about the Phoenix Cheesesteak. The beer selection was average with respectable variety of domestic and imported brands and the bar did not skimp in the slightest on booze. The service was friendly and prompt, very responsive but not intrusive. The deco is the outcome of a Rock N' Roll tornado colliding with the Beverly Hill Billies (Rock-A-Billy) the Ranch also has a great deck which overlooks a busy pedestrian crosswalk near Dave and Busters (a potential spot for a bit of after dinner fun).If all of this isn't enough and you just want MORE then nothing can top off a night of drinking or excite a designated driver like the prospect of a passenger that had a heavy night of drinking and finished it off with the ever so gentle swaying of a mechanical bull. Oh yes, just imagine the possibilities!
3	I just got back from Cadillac Ranch, and I thought it was alright. I went with a group of fifteen people, so its definitely good for groups. I thought the food was a little over priced for what you got. I got the BBQ chicken salad and its was decent. The service was pretty good, a little slow but then again we did have a big group. The place wasn't too crowded so no one was riding the bull, but the place was decorated cutely. Overall it was just like any other themed restaurant, good decorations with a over priced menu.
3	After seeing a movie at the Tempe Marketplace theater (Forgetting Sarah Marshall, which was amazing, by the way) and coming out absolutely ravenous, we stumbled into this place, which was just okay. Pretty expensive, given the atmosphere - all appetizers were in the $7-$8 dollar range, $10.75 for a burger, $7-$8 for dessert. We passed on the appetizers ($8 for onion rings?!) but we both had burgers, which were good (though i ordered mine medium and it came out approaching well), and their fries are great. (The onion rings, however, tasted like funnel cakes. Is there powdered sugar in the batter?) They'll also let you get "half and half," half fries and half onion rings, for $1 extra, though the waiter didn't tell me about the extra dollar at the time. Grr. The beer selection was good - any restaurant that carries Red Stripe wins my love, but they were out of it today, so I went with Pacifico. Mmm. For dessert, I had the cheesecake (completely blah) and my friend had the brownie fudge something, which was enormous and pretty tasty. There is a mechanical bull that they will apparently let you ride anytime, and our waiter was very attentive and pretty hot, but in general, this place is just a pretty run-of-the-mill theme bar. If the food were either 20% cheaper or 20% more interesting, I think I'd have a new favorite post-movie hangout. As it stands, I'd rather make the 3 mile drive to Thai Basil.
3	"Overpriced and adequate" said the husband.  They didn't have the food I ordered, so I settled on the Cadillac burger with all the fixins.  But cheese is extra and wasn't melted. And by "fixins" they mean one leaf of lettuce that was dehydrated and a couple of red onion rings (tomato was missing probably due to the scare going on at the moment).  The burger itself was cooked the way I like it, but it was over-salted.  The fries were battered with a completely flavorless coating that was orange but not at all seasoned.The husbands steak was chewier than to be expected for the cut and his potatoes were undercooked.The service was incredibly slow, but the waitress was nice enough to take off the drink that we had to send back for being too sweet.2 meals, 3 drinks, 1 dessert - $76I could have gone to a much better restaurant for those prices.  I feel kinda hosed, but I shouldn't be surprised about it because it is still mall food.
1	While the atmosphere is good the food is about the worst that I have had and the service wasn't exceptional. Both meals were nothing but fat and when we complained our waitress agreed with us but made no offer to exchange for something else or to take them off the bill (and this isn't a cheap place). Our waitress did pass my comments on to the manager who was sitting across from us but he just shrugged his shoulders. Not to be recommended.
2	This place is VERY loud, and very dark (couldn't see the menu @ lunch time) and though the food was OK at best, the service is really lacking. I went with a group of coworkers for a b-day lunch yesterday and we all split the check (paid one bill though, didn't "inconvenience" the server and have her put each meal on a different ticket). Three people paid with cash, and two with debit (including Me). I had a water and a French dip, which was more like a cheese steak with some salty dipping sauce,(the fries were tasty though) anyhow when the server returned with my charge receipt I noticed my bill was about $2.50 more than I had anticipated, so I questioned why when I had a meal that was $10.99 I was charged nearly $14? She replied, and matter of factly I must add "there wasn't enough cash to cover one of the Iced Teas on the bill"...So I replied, "but I did not have an Iced tea" e.g. who gave you the right to just charge me for something I didn't have???? She should have come back to the table and stated, "there was not enough cash to cover one of your drinks, therefore, the bill was short, so some one will have to make up the difference" NOT go ahead and just charge one of the CC because it was easier....So this twit asks me "uh, do you like, want me to take it off" and of course she had a blank stare on her dumb face....So being totally frustrated and in the name of time I told her no (I feel the need to mention all of our lunches came out at different time, and she had messed up a few of the orders, maybe she should have written stuff down, so I didn't want her to drop dead with confusion).....I should have forced her to...Anyway I have decided that I am going to call management today to express my malcontent!UPDATE: I did contact the managers about the service issue I had and they offered me a free appetizer which I think is really nice, and good mitigation practices but I still won't go back..just too many other good places!
2	I read several of the reviews & they are consistent with what I've experienced.  I've been to this place about 5 times...both for lunch...and late night.  The food is actually pretty good.  I've had the BBQ pork & fries and it was very good.  At night, the place is fun.  They have the bull to ride...and it's interactive to meet people.But, the BIG, BIG drawback is the service.  Seems like other people have had the same experience -  it's downright terrible.  Every single time I've been there I've had some issue (I'm not that picky either).  The service is very, very slow.  They hired some hot girls..but they certainly aren't the brightest.  The charged my friend for several drinks that we didn't have...and it took them almost 1/2 hour to correct it.Because of the service, I can only give this place 2 stars.  Good food but I think it's run by a high Shool student.
3	Bless me Yelp for I have sinned. It has been two and a half months since my last review.To be honest, I haven't really been going anywhere. However, I did make it to CR last week and decided to come talk about it.I had been here a few times prior, but it was always on the weekend in the evening. At this time, this place pretty much sucks - that is unless you like to wait in line, hang around with the type of people that would party at a country/rock nightclub located in a strip mall, deal with bad service, and have no place to sit. If that's your bag, then go here and fill it up.The other day, I was there on a weeknight right around 7pm. I even stayed for a few hours and ordered food and drink with someone. We don't have a great idea of what the food is like because we only had salads. My Caesar was merely okay. I would eat it again. The other salad was reportedly good. Our drinks were pretty awful though. Margaritas made with cheap liquor... gave us both headaches. They also didn't taste very good. On the other hand, their menu had many greasy deep fried things or meaty beef things that sounded like they might be good. The service was good - but that's got to have everything to do with the fact that the place was pretty empty. That didn't stop them from playing Mtv from the 80s - from Bon Jovi to Billy Idol. This place also had a bull that I suppose could be ridden by drunk college kids. It wasn't operational while we were there, but I can't imagine it being as entertaining as Saddle Ranch. Having been to the one in LA and the one in Phoenix, I can say that few places can really top or rival the tragic humor that is watching Saddle Ranch bull riding.Basically, Cadillac Ranch is a generic strip-mall restaurant/bar that has decent service (when it's slow) and edible food. This place has a theme that's a combination of a few different things - none of which accomplished to any sort of accuracy. It's just really average.
2	SERVICEStumbled upon this place while shopping in Tempe Marketplace.  We went to dinner around 5 on a Saturday so it was not crowded at all.  That being said, to echo others, the service was pretty bad when there was really no reason for it to be so.  Ordered a salad and was not asked what dressing I wanted so I assumed it was already dressed.  Salad was served with no dressing and could not flag down a server to get dressing for about 10 minutes.  I sat there and made my companions all feel to awkward to eat because I couldn't eat the salad without dressing (literally, dry as a bone).   It was generally hard to get our server to our table and when we managed, he seemed irritated.  MENULargely overpriced.  It's bar food with a little extra but at dinner prices.  My companion had the Sliders which were unremarkable but the beef was of relatively good quality.  I ordered the Chop Shop cobb which was again, overpriced (aprox $12 for something a bit larger than a dinner salad) which was fresh and had some good produce (although my avocado was not ripe) but again, not dressed and sort of boring in the end.  Diversity was lacking- a small selection of pretty generic offerings.  CLEANLINESS/OVERALL QUALITYThis is going to gross some people out but I was given a straw without a wrapper on it and when I put it in my mouth, it was salty... as though someone had stuck a sweaty/dirty hand into a bin of straws.  My dinner companion had the exact same experience.  We were both really unnerved and grossed out.  ATMOSPHEREIt's brand new so the facilities are generally clean and well kept but the atmosphere is ridiculous.  It's sort of Texas Roadhouse meets Coyote Ugly and neither work very well.  There's just something awkward about trying to eat dinner with a mechanical bull beside you.
2	Far from exciting - very average restaurant/bar, very predictable - Kind of like if Olive Garden had opened a national bar chain... Hey, does Olive Garden own this place???
1	I really wanted to like Cadillac Ranch, As I walked in I thought "I could drink a few here." I sat at the bar and waited..and waitedand waitedFINALLY a hot blond girl took my order, a simple beerand walked away. There I sat. No beer, no menu, hot girl attitude ALL over me.Finally got my beer 10 minutes later. Not even a "sorry"STILL no menu.Got up and leftThis place SUCKS!
2	Alright to hang out once in a while, music is alright only because they actually play a variety of different bands, staff is friendly, drinks are good, haven't tried the food yet, but who needs food when there's beer
3	We had a good time there but I think that was thanks to Cardinals NFC game.  Service was pretty good until it really got crowded and then the service was sparse.  The food is over priced.  The wings were good but the Nachos not so good.  Some of our group got burgers and said they were average at an above average price.  It could be a fun place to go but it needs some touch ups.  They have lots of TV's for the games and were pretty easy to see.
3	I met some friends last night at Cadillac Ranch and this was my first time going. The space has a very odd layout, but there are two bars (one inside and one outside on the patio) and both have plenty of TVs to watch. There is also a very cliche mechanical bull, but unfortunately (or maybe fortunately) no one rode it while I was there.Service at the bar was really good, but when our group moved to a table, service became spotty. We had two servers for our table of 11 and one would take a drink order or would be asked for something and then not deliver it or something would get missed...the two servers just didn't coordinate very well. Luckily we weren't in a hurry and were a pretty laid back group. I only ate the Cadillac salad (mixed greens, tomatoes, cheese and croutons) and it was a nice size for $7.95. However, and maybe this is just a pet peeve of mine, but I hate when restaurants put the dressing on for you! I prefer for it to come on the side, as it does in almost every single restaurant I have ever been to, so I can put on as much as I would like. I did try a few of my friend's fries and they were good...not oily and for fries, they were actually pretty light. As a note, for groups, they put an automatic 20% gratuity on the bill, not the standard 18% most other places do.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place as a lunch or dinner destination as I was not impressed by the menu or the entree prices which seemed on the high side for what they were. However the three stars I am giving Cadillac Ranch are for their happy hour:$2 domestics$3 imports$3 Fat Tire bottles$3 Flavored Smirnoff Vodka drinks$3 Margaritas$4 Rum (Captain Morgan)$5 Vodka Martinis$3.50 to $5ish select appetizers (there are about four or five)I'm always happy when I can get Stella drafts for cheap. Also, according to the bartender, one of the margaritas they serve can only be purchased a maximum of 4 times by one person because it is so strong. One piece of advice: If you start at the bar and move to a table, close your tab at the bar even if they offer to transfer it to your table. We had a huge mess last night and some people overpaid and some of us underpaid.
2	I have been here a few times, most recently today- I have a friend who loves to go here. This place is not bad by any means, it is the ultimate epitome of average, nondescript, personality-less and blah. The food is not bad, I had the BBQ chicken salad today, my buddy got the sliders, and I have had the wraps in the past- all actually pretty good. Their prices are about average (go figure) and the food is quick enough for a work lunch. I just cannot get over how blah the whole damn experience is. The servers ALL seem totally uninspired, there is NO atmosphere, and the entire experience is forgotten the second you walk out the door. Do yourself a favor and unless you have a friend who loves this place- PASS!
1	As you can see I am catching up on my yelping tonight...All i can say about cadillac ranch in tempe is that I had the worst experience here ever. The service was horrible, and so was the manager. My friends and I went there around 8:15 p.m. We just wanted to get a few appetizers and a few drinks.  We had this young brunette waitress. We asked her what time they stopped serving food. (I don't like to order right before to closing). She said she thinks they stopped serving at 9:30 p.m. but the bar at 1 a.m. We asked for waters to start while look over the menu. 15 minutes later, we get our waters. We tell her we're ready to order so the 5 for us order a beer each. She tells us she'll be back in a min to get our food order.  30 min pass and we still don't get our drinks. We try to flag our server down and she just  tells us to wait a second. We finally get our  drinks at 9:15.  (we were being as patient as possible, because we've all worked in the service industry before.) We tell her we are ready to order food now. She tells us that they stopped serving food already!!! By that time I was pretty pissed. I ask to talk to the manager, and she asks WHY? haha.. So by then I didn't even want to deal with a  little girl who absolutely had no clue what she was doing. The manager approached the table. I told him exactly what had happened.  He advises us that they serve food until 1030 p.m.  He apologizes about his server and says it wasn't her fault because she was busy, and she is new.  By this time it was already passed 10 p.m. She brings the check by and says to us, "by the way, it only took me 10 minutes to get my drinks, not 45min. But I'm sorry." WOW... decide for yourselves everyone!Hopefully that waitress found a new career, and that manager(heavy set, man, with curly red hair) found another career as well. How hard is it to get decent service these days?
1	All I can say is I mirror Alice M's comments (3-18-09). And I think we were there the same night! However, I'll give my experience at the bar. Looks like the servers and bartenders are equally under-trained and lack customer service in both areas. I have given this place one too many chances and 3/17 was my last night I will ever go there! My boyfriend and I sat down at approx. 7pm to a not extremely busy bar. A group walked in right after us and sat at the opposite side. They proceeded to get served and cashed out before we even got a glance our way. Actually, we never did get a glance. Four bartenders and not one 'hi' or 'I'll be right with you'. Serving/bartending 101, I don't care how busy you are, all you have to say is 'hello, I'll be right with you." or even an acknowledgement that one exists. The bartender even carried out a conversation with the guy next to us. After 10-15 minutes we actually got up and left. I have never done that before! Trust me, there are times I wish I would have. It felt good. We mentioned to the hostess how horrible our experience was as we left. I'm sure that went far, seeing that Alice had the same experience an hr later. We stepped across the street to an even busier restaurant, Lucilles. Heck, all I wanted was one Guinness. As we sat down at the bar the bartender said, 'hello, I'll be right with you' --- Ingenious!!! I think this just goes to show that management , training and staff play a huge role. Cadillac Ranch has disappointed me every time I have gone and I will NEVER go back. Rehire some new management and staff and I may consider. Heck, plenty of candidates out there with this economy of ours.
2	I came with a group of nine girls to celebrate my birthday.  The restaurant was VERY loud at 7pm on a Saturday night.  It was almost impossible to talk with the person sitting across from you.  I ordered a mojito and it was the only disgusting mojito I have ever had in my life.  The pasta I had for dinner with some southwestern cream sauce was really good.  I actually enjoyed it.  Everyone elses food looked average to icky.  I think I got  lucky ordering the one tasty dish.  I don't think I would ever go back.
2	I wished I would have yelped this before I went to eat here.This a yee haw type of restaurant...it has interesting decorations and big screen tvs.I had a chicken sandwhich that was dry and it didn't have a lot of flavors.  The one good thing I ate was the fries.  The onion rings weren't that good.Even though I only had one thing and didn't like it, I wouldn't go back.
2	Ok, I'm mixed on this place here. And surprisingly it's because of the HOSTESSES and the chicken egg rolls. I brought my toddler here to introduce him to an old friend (old as in "been friends a long time" not as in "she's over the hill").I generally am VERY unimpressed by the young hostesses manning the lists/seat assigning at restaurants.  However, one lady in particular was great. I'll save the boring details having to do with getting a table with a toddler, but she was great. They noticed how restless my son was getting waiting for a table and was great in getting us in.  She also entertained my son at dinner which any of you with young children know, dining out is a gamble!  The waiter, not so great and that's part of the reason for only 2 stars. We ordered the southwest chicken egg rolls for an appetizer and I got the sliders with cheese thinking my son would like them. I was thoroughly unimpressed with the sliders, the fries were ok, although I could make better ones at home in my oven (main reason for 2 stars). However, the egg rolls were DELICIOUS. If i came back here again I would get those and a salad as my meal and pray to the heavens the salad was better than the sliders.Here's why I'll come back:  halfway place to meet my friend, great egg rolls (wow could i mention those things any more in my post?), but above all, KID FRIENDLY and great service by the hostess. I definitely wouldn't come back for the sliders - blegh.
1	This place was HORRIBLE!!! Never again. I think someone said it best in their review, it was Apleebees Deluxe. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and the bun looked like someone sat on it then tasted like someone farted on it. And the pulled pork looked like something made out of a can. Dog food looks more appealing then this slop. And I ordered the onion rings instead of the fries. There was like 3 onion rings and they were ice cold. The had obviously been sitting in a heat lamp for awhile, but it was so soggy & cold, that it looked like it had been sitting there for days. Service was horrendous. The guy who served us was slow and and unattententive. He seemed uninterested in his job and it showed with his body language and attitude. The manager looked like a frumpy customer. His hair was unkept and he was dressed as if he was about to hit up the beach, not manage a restaurant. Super unprofessional looking. And then when I left for the evening, the hostess didn't even say good night or anything. I've been so accustomed to hear that now when I dine, when I didn't hear it, it just solidified my bad impression of this place. Only bright spot was the bar , which was huge and they had great drink specials. Other then that, this place is definitely a pass. Not surprised everyone else who reviewed this place also had the same experience. Hey, Cadillac Ranch management, fix your issues!!!!!
2	When Tempe Market place was being put together...I though WOW a swanky place where college kids and laid back adults could get together and enjoy themselves.  Cadillac Ranch was being built...and the hype was hot enough to make you buy a meal ahead of time.  Read the reviews but thought...what they hey lets try it out.  And now I see why it has two stars...should have listened to the other yelpers -_-... went there is Good ole' Rada, thought it would be nice to enjoy the day outside.  Nearly Drowned by the ample amount of misters.  Thought to self...hmm well at least the food should be good.  Ordered the sliders meal... maybe they were scarce on meat, but the slider patties were the size of silver dollars, tasty but small.  Yes the service was slow; my glass was getting refilled faster by the misters than the actual waiter. It gets two stars in my book for the service and the overall experience (for lunch that is). you get what you pay for..and for 11 bucks, a couple barbie sized patties in human size buns, a not so 'AHH' diet coke, and 5 oz of wine (and that's on the 2.00 happy hour deal) ... kind of seems appropriate.  I recommend this if you are stuck hanging around Tempe Market place and you have just a few bucks and feel like getting close to full...and now I think that Tempe Market place took Mill Ave's charm...and they need to step up to compensate killing a once adorned chill out spot for ASU and Tempe.  Shopping is good...we could deff replace CR for perhaps Sakana? Who knows...Bye for now!
1	I went there this last Monday for happy hour and dinner:  Most of my experience was positive....until the end. We did have a few small service issues, most of which are typical of a fairly new staff in training.  However, we did have a big problem regarding our bill at the end.During our meal on 8/31/2009 (dinner time), the manager came by and asked how everything was going, we let him know that it was great but to please send by our waitress as we hadn't seen her in awhile. When we received our bill, we were pleasantly surprised to see a few items comped to a 0 dollar charge.  I grabbed my card and gave it to the waitress to pay the tab of approximately $14.50. I was quite surprised when she returned the card and receipt (which had now been charged to my card) for more than $36.00 without even mentioning it to us.  She had also removed the original receipt and put a new one for the correct amount.I asked to see the manager, who came buy to discuss this with us.  Here is a quick breakdown of the conversation:Question from manager: Did we eat the items?Answer from me: Of course we did...the issue wasn't that we were paying for them, it is that your staff substituted the receipt for a different one, charged us more than double what I authorized, and didn't notify us.  How can you do this without at least letting us know that you changed the amount?Answer from manager: Well I am hearing a different story from her...she indicates that she told you.  Plus we have already given you a good break on the prices of your drinks.Response from me: First off,  don't take it from me....ask the 3 other people at the table.   Secondly, it was happy hour...these were your advertised prices.  How is it that you gave me a "break" on your prices?Response from the manager: Look, what is it that you want from me?  You ate the food, it was a computer mistake....can I have your business card?Response from me: My business card, what does my job have to do with this?Answer from manager:  It looks like you just left from working in a restaurant by the way you are dressed?  At this point...I signed the receipt and left.  Zero tip of course (sorry to be an jerk...but I was not happy.)To be honest, I don't remember ever being more frustrated with someone before.  I really wasn't expecting a free ride or meal, but an apology and explanation of HOW you can replace the original receipt with a new one for more than twice the original amount and charge it would have sufficed.
4	ok so the service is decent yet slow but it's all soooo worth it just for one reason:they have these new cream cheese and bacon filled wan-tons  with a chile/maple syrup drizzle that is like thailand and the waffle house made the messiah.THEY ARE TO DIE FOR
3	Damn...two trips to Cadillac Ranch in two different states in one weekend.  I thoroughly hate myself.  My friend Hailes picked me up from the airport and I told her about my weekend, and included hating Cadillac Ranch in Vegas.  I also told her I was going to stop drinking after the weekend I had.  So I get home, ready to enjoy some Cherry Limeade and stop feeling like the drunk fool I am, and then my girl Katie calls.  She wants to watch the Bears game so we agree to meet up at Four Peaks.  The place is packed and I'm too drunk to think off any place to go so we decide on Cadillac Ranch.  Again, I hate myself.Luckily the place was pretty empty so we sat right at the bar to enjoy the game.  I don't like that they don't have any beers on tap, but they have a decent enough selection of bottled beers to appease me.  I hadn't eaten for the whole weekend (cheaper to drink!) so I ordered the chopped salad with chicken and avocado.  There was no avocado when I got it.  A little sad about that.  And the salad itself was just plain.  The olives were chopped way too small and the beans and corn were sparse.  I also had destroyed my taste buds in Vegas by smoking cigars and drinking endlessly, so it is possible the salad was okay.The reason this place gets three stars in because of the bartender Buddy.  He took the shit talking from my drunk friend, talked smack on the Asian Johnny Bravo, and kept us drunk!  Thanks for the shots Buddy, and thanks for getting the orange dusted with cinnamon for my Patron shots!  It didn't make it taste any better, but I'm glad you went all out for me.  We were sad to see you finish your shift before we finished drinking!
3	Too dark and too loud, but my husband found multiple things on the menu he'd like to try, which pretty much never happens.  He wound up having a Philly steak sandwich, and he loved it.  The onion fries were also very good. I had pasta (California Pasta maybe?) which was to die for (although it could have used a little more feta).  Price was okay, and the service was fine, even for what seemed to be a busy Saturday night. One of the biggest drawbacks - parking at Tempe Marketplace is abysmal. I really highly doubt it meets ADA requirements. In the vicinity of this place, there are hundreds of parking spaces, and 2? handicapped spots? Fail. (That's how the whole place is, not just this area.)  It's wheelchair accessible, but only if you can find a proper parking space. For those less mobile, but without a wheelchair, good luck. You'll be walking quite a ways.
3	Been here 2 times.  Had I reviewed after my first visit, I would've given the place 4 stars.  The server was nice and attentive and the food and drinks were delicious.  Had I reviewed after my second visit, I would've given the place 2 stars.  The server was quiet and not as attentive and the food was cold and bland.  Since I'm just now getting around to reviewing, I guess I'll give it 3 stars.  Really a bummer when you enjoy a place once only to go back and have a no-so-great experience.
2	I chose the BBQ chicken salad, which our server said was top notch and his fave item.  My friends got burgers and slider meals.  What I got was salad greens topped with battered, deep fried, blah tasting chicken fingers,  cut into pieces, and a bunch of BBQ sauce dumped on top.  Say what?  It's a great looking place and probably cost millions... can't they grill up some fresh chicken rather than serve bagged/frozen/breaded stuff?  The burgers got ok reviews, though the fries were of the heavily seasoned type that get old after 5.  The friend didn't like the pulled pork sliders.  Overall it was pretty blah, chain-like food that when coupled with drinks, makes for an overpriced, underwhelming experience.
3	We haven't found many lively places to have dinner on a Sunday night in AZ.  So we usually end up at Kabuki in Tempe Market Place.  Last Sunday, we ended up in Tempe Market Place again but didn't feel like sushi so we decided to go here.For a sports bar, this place is surprisingly nice inside.  We were seated in one of the booth with huge screen, we ordered our food, and the order didn't take long to get to our table.*Spinach and mushroom quesadilla - pretty yummy.  it wasn't oily at all*Black N Blue - it was....interesting but a little too weird...the gravy was a little burnt and you really, truly have to love blue cheese.*Grilled Pastrami Sliders - pretty good.  again, it wasn't oil or dry.*Location = very lively*Decor = cool for a sports bar*Food = ok*Price = a little on a high end for a sports bar
3	Went here last night with a couple of girl friends.  We spent some time trying to come up with a place to go for food, drinks, dancing, and people watching.  The restaurants/bars/nightclubs in Scottsdale came to mind for people watching, but as we were on our way, I remembered my sister's recommendation to check out Cadillac Ranch ("CR").  I took a chance that CR might provide some entertainment.  Parking was plentiful (and free) since CR is located at the huge Tempe Marketplace.  We arrived around 10pm and after walking up the flight of stairs (in 4" heels, mind you) to the guy checking ID, we were granted quick entrance into CR. The inside is pretty spacious, with dark lighting.  There are two bars, one on the inside and a larger one in the patio area.  There are plenty of booths scattered throughout the area, along with some tables.  We were told we can sit anywhere as long as there isn't a "reserved" sign.  We snagged a booth near the small dance floor and had to wait about 15 minutes before our waitress came by to take our food and drink orders.  Mango Tango Margaritas at $6.50 each - The bartender did not skimp on the alcohol in this frozen drink; it packed a wallop!  The first drink was so good, I had to buy a second round.   A friend ordered a Cherry Limeade ($6.50) and said she didn't taste the alcohol, so she ordered a Mango Tango Margarita too (sure got her buzzed).  I just can't believe the price...$6.50.  That will buy me half a mixed drink in L.A.  Another friend ordered straight vodka on the rocks...$6 each.  We ordered the Southwest Chicken Egg Rolls ($8.79) and the Cowboy Sliders ($8.79) to share.  The Southwest Chicken Egg Rolls were pretty spicy...and tasted ok.  The Cowboy Sliders looked more like four small burgers instead of the tiny sliders that I'm used to. The sliders came with a side of fries.  The meat was overcooked, so the sliders tasted mediocre to me (prefer my burgers to be done medium-rare to medium-well).  For the price, the portions are decent.  We later hit the bar at the patio and for two vodka on the rocks and one kami-kaze.  The total?  $18!  WHAT?  That price, for three drinks, is unheard of in L.A.!  I tipped the bartender very generously.    BTW, this is supposed to be a nightclub, as the DJ has club music blasting in your ears (almost overly loud).  Don't bring any dates here expecting to have a conversation.  Music consisted of straight 80s, 90s, and current hip hop and top 40s...including mashups of the aforementioned genres.  I was kind of tripped out to see GoGo dancers on their tiny dance floor podiums.  Seeing cute GoGo dancers doing their thing just didn't seem cohesive with the casual atmosphere of CR.  As far as the type of crowd...there was a mix of men and women in their 20s, 30s and 40s.  It was fun to watch people dancing...and did I mention the mechanical bull?  Always fun to watch buzzed/drunk people try to handle the mechanical bull.  The place started to fill up around midnight...to the point where the small dance floor was completely packed.  We left CR around 1:30am and the place was still pumping.  All in all, we enjoyed our experience at CR and will be back here for more good times...when my friends and I don't feel like dealing with the pretentiousness of Scottsdale.  The more I venture into Scottsdale (think W Hotel), the more I feel like I never left L.A. (ugh).On another note, the new Airia Nightclub just opened inside the Gila River Bend Casino.  Although I don't gamble, we'll be checking out the new nightclub and lounges there soon enough (to see if the renovated casino lives up to the hype).
2	Service was excellent. Great place to watch a football game.  Never rushed out and server always came by seeing if we wanted refills on our waters and soda. Only complaint is the orientation of the tvs.  It can be difficult to watch 2 games at the same time depending on where you are sitting. The staff however was more than happy to change channels if there was a particular game you wanted to watch, granted this was for the smaller tvs (still about 42" though so they weren't that small). Can't mention the big projector tv because we didn't ask to change that channel, it was on the game we wanted to see.  My main issue with this place was the food.  I ordered the "cowboy sliders" and it was a lackluster dish to say the least.  First off they are cooked about as well as you can cook ground beef and it still be edible, a few seconds longer on the "grill" and they'd completely crumble when bitten in to.  Secondly the sliders were far too small.   I'm aware that sliders are mini burgers but this was ridiculous.  The size of the bun would lead one to believe these sliders were of appropriate size, atleast big enough such that size was not noteworthy.  The problem with the sliders is that they were mostly bun.  Imagine putting a chicken mcnugget from mcdonalds on a 2.5" bun, I am dead serious this is how they were. I wish I had taken a picture as the appearance was pure comedy until I realized I was paying for these.  Want lettuce or tomato on that slider? They'll clip you for an extra $0.79 for each!  Nickel and dimed for sure. To sum it up going to drink for a football game and Cadillac ranch is a good play, looking for a good place to eat I would look elsewhere.
1	This place sucked and I don't feel the need to return. Friends from work were planning a birthday happy hour and called two weeks ago to find out information on providing a location for the event. Approximately 20 people would be coming and the person making the call asked if that would be an issue and if reservations needed to be made. She was told no, it would be fine. The restaurant is very spacious, so it could easily handle a group that size. My friend and I arrived first yesterday to secure the tables. The hostess said she didn't think she could accommodate us because they did have several parties that made reservations. She hesitated, but eventually said she could probably put about 15 in one area, which we accepted. It took a while, but the staff assembled three or four tables to provide the area we needed. We went ahead and sat down and my friend asked the waiter when happy hour began and what specials they had. The waiter stated the happy hour was only in the bar area or patio, and not at the tables. He left and then a manager came out and repeated the same thing. My friend asked what if people walked to the bar, ordered and paid for the drink and returned to the table. The manager said no, you can't do that. We explained there would be people at the table eating in the restaurant portion, but there might be people order drinks from the bar and come back. The manager said if that were to happen, he couldn't hold the tables for us. While the explanation was occurring the waiter was kind enough to bring out some water for us, and a third member of our party showed up to order a diet coke and was planning on getting the quesadilla, but waited. Soon it became clear this place would not work out too well for the party.Looking over the menu, the prices seemed too high for a bar with a bull in inside. $10 burgers, egg rolls for $9, $8 quesadillas, $10 salads and $9 specialty drinks.  Happy hour prices the specialty drinks come down to $5, imports and well drinks for $3 and domestics for $2 - but again, only in the bar and only in the first-come-first-serve patio area.  If you have a large group, you most likely won't be to be in one of those areas or see those prices.I do know some restaurants keep the happy hour prices contained to certain areas, but it typically depends on the restaurant structure. A place, for example Applebees, is mostly restaurant and happens to have a bar, so it would make sense to keep the prices separate. Cadillac Ranch is more bar than restaurant. I don't know too many places trying to promote a nice restaurant image that would have a mechanical bull in main area.  Apparently the management is not interested in the revenue that 15-20 people eating and drinking all night would generate.After the manager's conversation, the waiter was a little slow in returning. I walked down to San Felipe but they could not accommodate our party at the last minute. In the end, we found a suitable location that provided the service, the happy hour pricing and atmosphere we wanted.Thanks, Cadillac Ranch, but no thanks.
2	hmmm...where do I begin with Cadillac Ranch. I first went there to meet a friend for lunch. He knew the owner and we went to support his friends business. I'm all for trying new places and I thought this might be pretty good. As you walk in the atmosphere is pretty cool. Dark wood and knick knacks hung from the walls. Kinda reminded me of an adult TGIF. We sat down and must of waited 10 minutes till a server carved out some time in her schedule to greet us. We gave her our order. She came back pretty quick with drinks but the 2 salads we ordered took 20 minutes! when I looked at my salad I saw cheese was covering my salad! I asked told the waitress that I asked for no cheese and her kind response was "What do you want me to do about it?". Uh, I don't know...fix it?! I think I'm on a new theory of the cuter the server the crappier the service. OK so I went again after vowing never to come back. My co worker and I were looking for a place to enjoy margaritas and nachos. Well, we still waited a 10 minutes till we were greeted but food came out much faster and the service was friendlier. So why do you ask if i had better service yet I still gave it 2 stars? In a totally empty restaurant I still had to wait 10 minutes for service, the nachos were good but so small for the price. This place is far from being the restaurant I want to come back to.
2	Service was in training. Food was a burger and onion rings. Onion rings were limp and over greasy and burger was too much bun and over dry. This is the second time that I have tried this establishment and will probably be the last.
3	I came to Cadillac Ranch on a Friday evening to celebrate with a friend who just eloped in Las Vegas!  I met his lovely new bride on the patio of Cadillac Ranch, which sits above the people shopping below at Tempe Marketplace.  People were smoking, which somewhat irritated my allergies, but I can't complain, since it's technically outdoors.  When I asked the young, energetic bartender what the specials were during happy hour, she happily recited a long list of bargains including domestic and imported beers, wine, margaritas and cocktails!  The prices were fair and average for a happy hour at Tempe Marketplace.  We also ordered chips and salsa to snack on with our beverages.  The chips were fresh and tasty, as was the flavorful salsa.  The appetizer also came with a small bowl of warm queso cheese with some meat crumbles sprinkled on top.  I cheated on my vegan-ism and scooped some cheese onto a chip...yum!  It was pretty good!  Overall I was impressed with the prompt service, knowledgeable staff and open environment.  It was the perfect evening to catch a breeze and watch the crowd below, while enjoying good company and good food at a perfectly good bar.
1	Went there last Wednesday night and was expecting a nice dinner. There were 6 in our party and only 1 said that dinner was OK. I ordered a NY Strip Medium-Rare and couldn't wait. Well it was more Medium and you could tell it was put on the grill frozen because it was so grainy. Would never go again.
4	My friend and I had gone to AZ this past weekend for Spring Training to see the Angels play.  After their game we went on a mission to find a place for dinner (yes it was early, we had waken up at 415 am to drive down there and had barely eaten so naturally we were starving by 5pm).  She wanted to get a little bit of shopping in as well so I looked it up and found Cadillac Ranch in Tempe Marketplace.  Since it was still kinda early we were seated immediately.  The place looks really cool I dig.  Our waitress was super nice and quick she gave us waters immediately before taking our order.I got the pork tacos and my friend got Buffalo Chicken strips as an entree.  The food came out pretty quick so that was a plus for our ravenous tummies.  My tacos were pretty legit.  It came with a side of chips and salsa; the salsa I'll pass on (tasted like Pace bottled salsa) but the chips weren't bad.  My friend's buffalo strips were hands down some of the best buffalo chicken I have ever tried. I don't know what they did but it was the most tender melt-in-your-mouth chicken.  I almost wished I had ordered that instead.Our bill came out to $17something in the end for 2 entrees and 1 soda so that was also pretty awesome. Thus why it deserves the 4 stars.
2	Came here for the bar.  It was eh.  The bartenders are ok.  This is a restaurant with a bar so the place is enormous.  I was here with twenty people but it definitely did not feel like it.  It wasn't very cozy.  They also stop serving the dinner menu after 10 PM.  Only appetizers.The novelty for this place is the mechanical bull.  Please note: ladies no one wants to see the toosh floss and guys don't give your bro a congratulatory hug after a go on the bull.
1	I've been here a few times and I honestly feel that the food has gotten worse each time back; but that's not to say that it was ever very good to begin with.  The scene is lively and it's sort of a novelty with the decor and mechanical bull, and apparently that's how they've managed their success because it certainly isn't due to their food or service.  It's disappointing that a place with obvious financial resources behind it can't come up with more satisfying food or offer better service.  However, the large open space of Cadillac Ranch is good for large groups of people, and the music and scene seem to be entertaining enough to continue to attract clientele.
3	Kristen here.Kevin and I have been to Cadillac Ranch on several occasions, and each time we walk away satisfied, but never thrilled. During our last visit, we attended happy hour (half off appetizers!) about 5PM on a weekday. The place was slow. I ordered a Mango Tango Margarita, and Kevin ordered a beer of some sorts. I am not a beer reviewer, nor do I enjoy beer at all in the first place. My margarita was pretty good. I typically really enjoy fruity drinks, ESPECIALLY mango drinks, but this one left me feeling somewhat disappointed. I can't put my finger on it, although there just may have been too much alcohol in it. I would try something different next time. For the appetizer, we ordered the soft pretzel with a cream cheese dip. Amazing. Simply amazing. If it weren't for this saving grace, I would have rated Cadillac Ranch as 2 stars. The pretzel was perfectly golden brown and soft, and the dip was creamy and only enhanced the flavor of the pretzel. The pretzel and dip danced hand in hand on my tongue and all the way into my stomach. Kevin agreed that this was a marvelous appetizer, and for half off the price, how could you not get this? I would go back just to get an order of it.For our entrees, I got the AZ Mac and Cheese. This is my favorite dish I have found on the menu, and I really enjoy it. I do not particularly like spicy foods, but this dish has just the right amount of bite. This is a baked macaroni with pepper jack cheese and chicken. I eat around the chicken, though, because I don't find that the chicken enhances the flavor of the dish. Just the macaroni alone is great. If I go to CR again, and I probably will, I will get this dish. It remains consistent and very, very good.Kevin ordered the Phoenix Cheese Steak. Word of warning: do not make that same mistake. I have had many cheese steaks in the past, and I they never quite reach their potential (see our Forefathers review... they have the best cheese steaks I have ever had). This cheese steak was completely underwhelming. So underwhelming, that - get this - Kevin didn't even finish it. If you know Kevin, you know that he almost always finishes what is on his plate. He agreed that the sandwich was disappointing. According to Kevin, there was way too much bread and not enough meat, and the meat was dry. I only took one bite and I was not impressed. Do not get this item. You will regret it, guaranteed.We will most likely revisit this place because it is in an ideal location (right in the middle of Tempe Marketplace) and the food is pretty good for the most part. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting. We have yet to witness the bull in action, but I'm sure that he makes the place come alive. Here's to hoping that next visit will somewhat redeem this one.
3	I wasn't here long, but the drinks were good and the bartenders are HOTT.  I thought it was cool that they have dancers and a mechanical bull (even though it wasn't running).  The balcony overlooks the marketplace which is pretty cool.  Would love to come back and spend more time.
2	Ho-hum food, about like a Applebee's or Chili's. What I had was way too salty. Decent enough service.
1	This might be okay for young 20-somethings, out to get smashed on $3 Happy Hour beers before heading over to the next mall bar across the parking lot, but it's no good for elderly 30-year-olds, intent on dinner conversation. If you're satisfied to eat @ one of the bar tables, you're set, but if you're looking for old fashioned floor level seating, good luck.  After a 2 hour wait (and our party had actually arrived before we joined them), we two stepped over to a restaurant where we could actually sit down.  And where we could hear each other w/o having to fight some blaring obnoxious pop music.Can't comment on the food, because we never got any.  Happy hour beers WERE cheap, but $19 for two Happy Hour Absolut and Red Bulls is highway robbery, if you ask me. Server was nice enough.  Mildly entertaining watching wasted floozies get flung from the mechanical bull.  Could have done w/o the bloody boxing match on TV.Wheelchair accessible, but only if you can get one of those aforementioned elusive tables, otherwise you'll be at the perfect height to rest your head on the table while everyone towers above you.Pretty sure I'm never going back here.  Not really my scene.  Perfect if you want to rev up your man date w/ your bull riding skills before some hot drunken anonymous weekend sex, though.
1	It's pretty simple and unfortunate. Food getting worse every time we go. Service is below average. The staff seems to have an over inflated sense of importance. Bad vibes all around. Too bad too cause location is legit..
1	Possibly the worse food in Tempe. Don't let the unwashed Cadillac and fancy tv screens trick you into assuming the food will be good.I made the mistake once on my own, but the second time was due to a stubborn tourist relative who by looking at the outside just knew the place had to be amazing.The first time I ordered a burger and chili cheese fries. The burger was something I would expect from a hospital and the chili served on top of the fries had cinnamon in it,... who the hell wants that in their chili? I didnt realize chili cheese fries was a dessert item.The second time I was practically dragged into the place. I decided I would order a cheese-steak sandwich which was a huge mistake. The bread was disgusting and the meat was third class. I couldn't finish half of it.The service was absolutely ridiculous. Funny thing is that I was sitting there for about 40 minutes waiting on the waitress. I finally grew impatient as my wife turned to me in pain and said she thought she was having contractions (she was 9 mos pregnant at the time).I got up and had to bark at the waitress to ring me up and give me my card so we could leave. We actually ended up going to the hospital that night and had our baby that morning. I always joked about the long stairway up being what started her labor.
1	I used to LOVE this place when it first opened.  It was a great afternoon hangout with friends.  They had great happy hour pricing, and great music (especially the old hairband videos showing on the TV's).  The food was really good as well.Until...   Last year the happy hour changed dramatically.  Making it quite an unhappy hour.   Very poor specials and terrible pricing.  The service became worse as a result as well.  They can't keep good staff anymore.  The food has become very bland.  And once I was told that happy hour was only on the outdoor patio.  Yes, the SMOKING patio.  The same one that has become overrun with Loud and disrespectful ASU students.  I'm not sure how this place went downhill so fast.   I won't go back anymore.  Will miss the decor though.  It's by far the best thing about this place.
1	Very unhappy with this establishment. Tonight was my second visit and I will not be giving them another chance. Upon arriving one of the waitresses was careless and spilt someones ice water down my side. I must say this put me in a bad mood for the remainder of the evening. To top it all off she did not apologize just handed me some napkins and asked "are you ok?" UHHHH GOOD CONSIDERING THE ICE WATER DOWN MY SIDE!!!! My husband and I were there for a going away party. We brought in an 8 top of guests. The service was poor. It took on average 10 minutes for each request. When the manager finally came to apologize for his clumsy staff, he advised me that my drinks were comped. I then proceeded to tell him that ironically I was D.D. and would be drinking water. The food is over priced but the drinks are strong. Good luck!
3	Unlike a lot of the other reviewers, I actually had a decent experience here. We came in yesterday (Sunday) around 2. The place was pretty quiet, excluding the plethora of football fans who came here to watch their games. They have a ton of TVs to do so, including a HUGE screen that was playing the Cardinals game. No complaints about that. Some of the guys were rowdy but hey so am I when I watch football. It took us a while to be seated. I'm not quite sure where the hostess was. As soon as we were seated we were helped by a very pretty and sweet girl. Our food took a while even though the place was pretty dead, but what we got was satisfying. We started with the nachos which were really good and then I got their jalapeno burger and my friend got their pork sandwich sliders. The fries were seasoned well and crispy. The service needs some work: nonexistent hostesses, disappearing servers, slow cooks, but this place could be a real gem.
2	We were there for drinks and hanging out. There is a $5 cover charge for men. Got there noticed 3 different bar stations, 1 dance floor, 1 bull ride area, and outside patio. The music was a weird mix (hip hop, pop, rock n roll, with a mix of country). It is OK. The crowd was a mix of 20 to 30s, and drop in a few 40s+. Drinks were expensive!
2	Well... ha ha.. it was ok... the food was really good until my second chicken fried steak "nugget"... like a giant piece of deepfried fat. Mashed potatoes were good had the horseradish flavor. delicious house salad, and my Lady Friend got the steak salad which she enjoyed.  fried ravioli was pretty original.. would have given more stars if the service was a little better, but i did come in at 9 pm on a friday night so... prob would not ever say "Hey lets all go to Cadillac Ranch" just not my type of place..
1	Cadillac Ranch looked really awesome from the outside, this nice red cadillac out front, nice patio outside, and an enclosed bar and grill patio on the side. Upon entering it was pretty dead, well, it was a Monday afternoon after all.I ordered the Southwestern Country Fried Steak, huge plate of food that came with your choice of House Salad or Ceaser Salad. I dove into the mashed potatos, which upon their many options of how you want your potatos to taste (garlic, cheese, horshradish, etc), I picked garlic - always go safe at a first time resturaunt! The gravy was very bland, I ended up putting more salt on it. The potatos were the only thing salty and flavored on my plate. They had also put diced garlic in the mix, not roasted, but raw garlic. I love garlic, but I can't eat whole cloves (horrible headaches) like some of those awesome people can out there, so it was kinda a downer there. The two pieces of country fried steak was actually steak, but the very fatty piece of steak that you should never buy, cook, and serve.Since I came with friends and family, it seemed the only thing they could put flavor in was the deep fried dishes. My mother ordered the Fish and Chips, they were slightly on the dark side, the fish wasn't fishy but slightly bland, the cocktail sauce was the only thing that saved the fish from being totally neglected lol. The fries were really good though! My friend had ordered the same thing, I think she wasn't complaining was because she had ordered mamosa's lol.Service-wise, it was slow, but don't expect to be waited on asap on a dead Monday.I think the only thing that tasted good was the Ice Cream Fudge Brownie, but that single dish alone won't help this review get to two stars.All in all, eat at the other different eateries at Tempe Marketplace, I think Cadillac Ranch would be the last resort place if you can't get in to another popular resturaunt at the time.
5	Well we returned to caddy ranch for dinner, as the management really does care about the reviews, we were invited back for a "make up" dinner...   BLOWN AWAY.  Like I said before, the food was phenomenal my  chicken fried steak was AMAZING.. I'm sure the reason for inviting us back was not to pad the review or get me to change what i said, just to change my outlook on the establishment, which they did indeed.. prob would just take my own advice and realize the food is AWESOME and original , and above all they really do care about whether you would return or suggest them to friends. I will definitely do both now!!!    Good Job Caddy Ranch!!
3	Nice Happy Hour! Good service and food! but I didn't really like it as a night time bar so much only because I am a little older then the night life crowd here but  I will definitely keep returning to their happy hours and restaurant hours! If you are college aged you may really enjoy the night life here.
5	My fiance and I really enjoy this place for happy hour.  The appetizers are half off and are good for the most part.  The pretzel fondue and sampler are really good, but the chicken fingers look like ET's fingers.  The drink specials are really good, the mixed drinks are tasty, my fiance loves the Rancherita.  We've always had good service and seem to make it in there at least once a month.  Also cool that you can get Best Buy Reward Zone Dining points there.
2	I had lunch at Cadillac Ranch today. I had the surf and turf , its hardly worth the money. The ny strip was all gristle topped with 5 over cooked shrimp served over home fries you can get from Denny's. I had the brownie with ice cream. While the ice cream was good the brownie was over cooked and hard. We had a large party and had 2 servers. During the hour and a half we were there I only got one refill on my iced tea. I will not be back to eat.... Might want to stick to the over price drinks.
2	Not a very good place to eat on a budget, plus the food is only ok. I would not come back the food is better at chilis and about the same price. If u want to drink and watch football go to RTOs where u can get big beer mugs like the one in my picture.
1	I don't know how I ended up at this place. I blame in on serious hunger-starved delusions that the Caddy Ranch may have changed for the better since my last visit.  The food is mediocre and kind of overpriced for the fare. If you're looking to Caddy it up on the cheap, check out the lunch specials on the weekend or the happy hour deals during the week. If you discount the tchotchke TGI-Chili-Bee's atmosphere, it can be a pretty decent happy hour or football destination if that's your bag.The appetizer sampler is on par for bar food and a pretty good deal for the price. The sliders are disappointing in terms of size and flavor, but the fries they come with are pretty tasty. Onion rings are grease-heavy and came out cold. Whatevs. The food really isn't the issue I have with this place. It's probably a two stars for the food alone, "Meh. I've experienced better."What pushes this into the dud pile: Crap wait staff that doesn't seem to give a flying rats ass about your table. Straight up grody cocktail combinations that left us feeling like we were about to go into a sugar coma. The seedy vibe at the nightclub coupled with a cover to get in. And the fact that the mechanical bull is like, never on. The night life is really a little slice of the West Side in Tempe. As a reformed G-town resident, I really need to keep away or risk slipping back into my trash person ways.Nyet. Nyet. Nyet. Three strikes and you're out, Caddy.
2	If I was writing this review in October of 2010, I probably would of given this place four stars. Fast forward to now after my second visit, boy has this place gone downhill.The very first time I came here with my boyfriend, we had a Groupon ($15 for a $30 gift card). He enjoyed his meal, I enjoyed my burger. The burger was delicious and the fries are GREAT. We like the huge TV for football games, and I like when they play country music. We had a few dollars leftover so we got a dessert. They were 'out' of the one I wanted, so I had to get something I didn't really like, but it was still good. Last month we came here again because I got a coupon from LocalDines.com, (another $15 for $30 coupon) and my boyfriend tried something new. He thought it was alright. I had the same thing, a burger and fries. While the fries were delicious, the bun was SUPER dry. It was so gross and pretty much falling apart. I could barely even finish half of it because it wouldn't stay in one piece. We still had some leftover so we got a dessert. We got a cheesecake which turned out to be $7 or $8! What the heck? Shouldn't be that expensive for something so silly. It's cheesecake! Not fondue or something. The top off comes next. We got our bill, and we were charged 18% gratuity for a party of 2. We had to wait FOREVER for our waitress, who I ended up having to get out of my booth and flag down when it wasn't busy at all. She said that is what the coupon stated, so we said okay, that's fine, not her fault. But then my boyfriend says that he isn't going to give her an extra tip if the tip is already included from the gratuity, and she said, "I wasn't asking you to" in the rudest way possible. You can bet your bottom dollar we didn't give her an extra tip, especially after having to pay all that extra for gratuity. So 2 stars for okay food, rude/lazy employees, overpriced food and extremely overpriced/bad selection of desserts. Also, like other reviewers have stated, it's overpriced. Go to Chili's instead.
2	we were drawn in by the appearance and the music coming from this place as we were walking by so we decided to give it a shot. Overall it was alright, nothing i think i will be craving anytime soon. Drinks were okay..food the same. food seemed really heavy and not on the very healthy side..which i prefer. one really good thing here was our waitress she was awesome, but other than that this place did not really knock my socks off.
2	I have been to Cadillac Ranch a dozen or so times in the past year and a half, generally service is slow, and food is a little overpriced for the atmosphere they have (a bull ride) but generally I have had a pleasant time. However, On 26 Jan 2011, I went to CR with two others for drinks and food, it was about 8:30, and there were only about 20 customers in the store, 2 bartenders at main bar, 1 cleaning patio bar and at least 4 waitresses. We had good service, until a group of about 15 customers came in, we got our appetizers, ordered one more beer and did not see our waitress for 20 minutes. I found her at the bar, and said it had been a long time, and could we add another beer, she said she was terribly sorry, she just got sat with 15 ppl, way across the restaurant (the 15top was by the bathroom, we were behind the hostess stand bar side) I said she has been great, but obviously the mgr isn't so great since he does not know how to cut up a floor for service. 1 beer came 5 minutes later, and so did the 'Vietnamese catfish fish and chips' they were undercooked, and went back. a guy came over and said 'got the beers to ya' and 'any other problems?' we said all is fine now. He then said 'i don't appreciate it when my waitresses come up to me and say customers are calling me a tool'. I explained our problem, he kept berating a laboring the subject, including 'where else would i put 15 people' (the place was empty, even after the 15top, there were no more than 40 people in there; 'i have to have people help all customers' and 'in the restaurant industry when it is not busy, i have to cut people' and 'if you would have brought your complaint to me, i could help you' he had no clothing on that indicated he was a manager. He said that he'd almost rather ask us to leave instead of us 'badmouthing' him. He went to kitchen, we decided we would leave, told our waitress to cancel the redo on the fish, and get our bill. The fish comes out, we told the runner that it was canceled, our waitress brings our bill, the fish is on it, we tell her to take it off, she goes to find the mgr, Doug is his name, to take off food. He then storms to the table slaps the bill down and says "pay this then leave". we paid, I asked him for his last name he said "you don't need it" and I asked for the bill he did not reply.This is the WORST experience I have had in a restaurant in a long time. This guy Doug had no right to get up in our faces, period.We proceeded across the way to San Filipes and brought about 6 more people that were walking up the stairs to go to CR and had a great time.
1	First of all, if you go here, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make sure you check your bill when it comes!  honestly.  We went here 3 times.  all 3 times we were over charged....  either the menu's were out of date, or we were "past happy hour time" (BS)... oh and the other excuse... we just changed our menu.  blah blah blah  Pthen they always have to "get a manager" to come to the table, which takes forever!  (I am sure they hope we leave)  PLUS! THE SERVICE SUCKS ASS!!!!  this is a definitely bait and switch!1st time it happened we just dealt with it, and was like, whatever...2nd time it happened, my daughter who just got back from deployment (Navy) wanted to do something special for us and took us all there.  My husband looked at the check and noticed it wasy CRAZY over what we thought as we were there for happy hour.  The waitress had to get the manager which took over 20 minutes, (gimme a break)  finally we took a 30 dollar gift card because we were so sick of 'arguing about it.  We discussed it about 20 minutes and we were finally like, whatever...3rd time...  took a friend there.  again we ordered devils ale.  on the menu it was listed at one price... when we got the bill, it was almost twice as much.  We waited for our server to come back, she never did, she totally ignored us.  I gave her a dollar tip (which is NOT like me, i tip very well, too well)  and I wrote on the recept why she got such little money as a tip.  If you are looking for a fun time go caddy corner to San Filepe's  that place is fun and the staff are friendly and fun.  We much prefer there, we wll never go to Caddilac Ranch again.  They say 3rd time is a charm, Well, it is... its a charm to know you are overspending and its a big gimmick and they dont give a crap!oh and if i didn't have to give a star, i wouldn't have.
2	Service is never the best here, but they have good clean flank salad & great happy hour prices. Martinis smaller, but for $5 you can have two! Great Queso dip that is half off until 7.  Great patio if you can tolerate smokers & or music playing on stage. When it's good it's good, but when it's bad it's BAD!
1	Leave it to me to go to a red meat based restaurant and order the lunch fish and chips! BIG mistake! LOL!!!Do Not order the fish and chips!I sat on the outside verandah and although the seating was nice, the mall music was too annoying with the restaurant background noise.It seems like most of these places I am finding in the East valley are geared toward a high Alcohol sales platform with very large bars and seating in those areas.I may try a burger or steak perhaps in the future.
1	The beers are good but my bartender is slow, retarded and rude..... She was like "what do you want" not even a what would you like wow .....
1	The hostess was a bit confrontational. We should have just left.The iced tea was Lipton and the lemonade was Minute Maid. Blech.I ordered the Phoenix Cheesesteak sandwich, a signature item. I was told that they were out of that and the Philly cheesesteak. I settled for Fish and Chips instead. My dining companion ordered a cheeseburger with onion rings.While we were waiting for our food, a customer at the bar lit a cigarette. This is how we found out that the patio is a smoking area - information we could have used before we decided to sit there.When my food arrived, there was a visible pool of grease in my plate. The fish literally oozed grease. The fries were stone cold. The plate was inedible. My companion's cheeseburger was good, but only came with five cold onion rings.I sent the fish and chips back and asked for a steak salad instead, which I took home and haven't eaten yet. Our server was friendly and did her best to be helpful, but we never saw a manager.We won't be going back to Cadillac Ranch.
4	I bought a Groupon certificate for Cadillac Ranch several months ago and almost forgot about it.  I came across this site while searching for the address.  I was pretty upset when I saw so many negative reviews, but I already had the certificate, so we went anyway.  We got there with pretty low expectations, and were pleasantly surprised with everything.  Our server's name was Chelsea, and if anything she was overly attentive, checking up on us to make sure everything was OK and to take away plates.  She was kind and patient, and didn't have any issues with the Groupon.Our appetizer arrived at the same time as our entree which is about my only complaint, but we didn't have to wait too long for them.  We got the nachos with chicken and they were really good.  They put the toppings on individual round tortilla chips almost like little pizzas, but the result is different, and delicious.  My wife ordered chicken alfredo, and I got a beef dip sandwich, both of which were very tasty.We did go on for lunch on Sunday afternoon, and the place wasn't too busy, so that could have been part of the reason we got such great service.  But who knows, maybe they're listening to all of the negative reviews on here and making some positive changes.  I would definitely go again, and hope that I get Chelsea again.
3	We had purchased a Groupon for Cadillac Ranch and were a bit  unnerved reading the reviews.  We went with an open mind and low expectations as well.We took the kids and from the start they were excited seeing the upstairs open patio and the full size red Cadillac above the stairs.  We took our time and looked at the license plates covering the entry ceiling. It was fun looking for certain states!We were greeted by two "put-out" hosts and a very friendly hostess.  We asked to sit on the patio and she took us right out.  The menus needed some cleaning but not filthly.Our server greeted us and got our drink order and appetizer (chips, salsa & queso).  The menu items are a bit pricey, but the view and warm sun on our faces was great.  Our kids' drinks arrived first, then our bar drinks.  Water wasn't brought to us, we had to ask for it.Our daughter was thrilled that they had ribs so she ordered the half rack , our son had the pretzel with cheese & french fries and the wife and I shared the taco plate.Our server was a bit slow, but she was getting hit on by a table of 50 year old men right next to us.  She did a great job with our kids keeping their sodas filled. so considering the cause of the slowness we were okay.  The food was good, price a bit much (definitely paying for the Cadillac above the stairs, all the license plates and the mechanical bull).Overall we had a good time, don't know if we'll be back based on pricing and distance from our home. Definitely not without a Groupon to ease the check.
1	Terrible. Don't waste your money or time.We were going to have dinner here, but trying to place a reservation well in advance gave a big thumbs down to our group of 14.We ended up eating elsewhere at Tempe Marketplace and then went to the ranch.  The drinks were expensive by AZ standards and weren't right half the time, in addition to being pretty weak.  Place was pretty busy and a good amount of potential for a good night out.  Then about midnight they started throwing people out left and right.  We were celebrating a birthday and the birthday boy brushed up a against a "security" person and was ejected.  I've been going out a long time and have never seen anything like it.  They told the rest of group we could stay.  Ohhh, OK, you just tossed the guest of honor.  Then seeing other people being "profiled" and tossed out...really weird...We won't be back, ever.
4	Went here for happy hour. We had three appetizers, and four drinks, and the tab was 30$. Not bad. The bacon won tons are outta this world, i will definitly be back just for those. I would definitly only consider this place for happy hour, as regular prices are on the high side. The service was good,nice seevers. All in all,it was a good experience
2	As I entered the hostess was reviewing photos with a male companion and said "oh hi" and nothing more.  They have a paltry selection of beers on tap (Bud, Bud Light, Coors Light, etc).  Happy Hour is 4-7, which I missed by an hour.  Ordered the sampler and the portions were minimal for the price ($14).  The "ravioli" was simply a square (dry) cheese stick, the steak skewer (also dry) was cold, and the southwest egg rolls were hit or miss, as some of them were mostly wrap, while others had adequate filling.  The chicken and the dipping sauces (buffalo, ranch, and southwest ranch) were the highlight.  Our sever added a star to Cadillac Ranch overall, as the Margaritas were more disappointing than the Sampler Platter
1	I had high hopes for this place (maybe because I hadn't read the reviews yet) but disappointed doesn't even come close. The decor is cool enough but that's where the good points end. My husband and I went for lunch the other day and wont be returning. The server was ok, meaning she just did the bare minimum of service needed for her to be classified as a server. The sad part was there were only a handful of people in there. My husband ordered the sliders and I had the cadilac chicken burger with 50/50 tots and onion rings. Boy were they some sad looking meals. There were 2 small sliders and a small handful of fries and I had what I would classify as a fast food chicken burger but with no condiments (I had to ask for them afterwards). As for the 50/50, I only got 4 onion rings and a small amount of tots. The tots were good but the onion rings very greasy and soggy and the onions were not fresh! They were like the onions on my burger. They were old and dry and I had to "peel" the dry skins off before I ate them.What I loved the most was at the bottom of the bill was a calculation for what a 15%, 20% and 25% tip would be (for our convenience). I wanted to write what a 0% tip would be!!! I love how they just assume they deserve a 15% tip. I am not against tipping(I have been known to leave some very nice tips) but I am against it being expected!What a waste of $$$$ I would not return even for a coupon!Added: Nice to see CR was speedy with their reply. NOT! No thank you I will not be returing and have mentioned this review to any who inquire.
3	I wish that I could give it better reviews but that is ok...I would give it 4 stars if it was solely based on the fact that I have had some great times there...I mean you cannot beat $3.50 margaritas for happy hour and half off appetizers...The few times I have been here the service has not been very good...they haveliterally had us waiting for our food and drinks forever and when we asked about it they seemed insulted that we would ask after waiting for such a long time.  The food is average nothing too fantastic but not bad...the margaritas are nothing too special either but they do the trick!!  I have had great times here...they have a mechanical bull that is sooooooooooooooo much fun espcially after some drinks!  Its a fun place but do not go there expecting the greatest food or drinks!  The nice part about this place is that its fairly large and there is alot of space so you do not feel like you are on top of everyone!
4	I had a wonderful experience here. The food was great and my cheap margarita was strong. I would come back but I won't be around because I was just visiting Tempe.
3	If it weren't for their happy hour, I would say this place is like any other chain.  But it does deserve a 3 stars for those happy hour specials.  I mean...$2.50 for a premium well drink?  I pay $7 in NYC for happy hour.  For that, it's completely worth it.Otherwise, the food is quite plain.  The sliders were the only thing that did stick out of all appetizers.  But then again, what can you expect from a chain?  I suppose with enough booze, everything looks good!
1	Over priced Bad serviceTook over 10 mins for the server to even stop by the table to get our drink orders. Then it took another 10 to get our food order placed. There was plenty of staff on hand, as there were servers standing around doing nothing. Once the food finally arrived almost 45 mins after we got seated it was terrible and terribly over-priced. Last time I'll be going here.
2	This place bothers me.  I already everything about country so going to these kind of places freaks me out.  I was forced to go here because the boyfriends parents were in town and they choose Cadillac Ranch due to their type of "cuisine". I have to say the foo d wasn't bad.  Server messed up my order but when they got it right it was ok.  I will not go here again however.  Sorry.
1	UNFRIENDLY TO TATTOOED PEOPLE.The other night a friend and I were out having a few drinks in Tempe market place for her co-workers birthday. We stay for one drink and decide to change venues. One of my friends co-workers suggested we go this place called Cadillac Ranch. On our way into Cadillac Ranch I was stopped at the door being informed that people like me were not allowed in this establishment. My first reaction was shock followed immediately with anger. I wondered what the exact problem was so I asked the door guy why People like me were not allowed in. He says "Well you have Tattoos on your neck" This immediately struck a nerve and I directed the bouncer to bring the manager to me. The manager was less than helpful, getting twenty feet away from me touching the sides of his neck and giving me a shoulder shrug. So I got no help from anyone and was ignored by management. I was shocked and appalled to find out That is how they treat people in this place.I have no gang affiliated tattoos of any sort and am a normal person with a normal life. I gave them NO reason to make them think I was going to start trouble. I think my tattoos are beautiful and in no way offensive.Long story short we leave along with around 10 - 12 people from our group that were inside already. I can personally say that I will direct anyone and everyone I know tattooed or not to stay far away from this establishment as they are not friendly to the tattoo / artistic community. And would not wish for any of my Family, friends, or aquatints to be belittled or have to put up with that type of ignorance they seem to be so adamant to show off to the public and potential future clientele.
1	Its alright but I would rather visit other establishments at Tempe Marketplace.  I don't even know where to start with the service.  Usually the service sucks and no one pays attention to you.  Or the server is in a hurry to get out.  The last time I paid a visit to this place was after the movies.  I wanted to get some drinks with friends and maybe some foods.  The server was attentive to the point where she was trying to rush us out.  She finally told us that she was done for the night and wanted us to cash out.  We wanted to continue drinking but this girl ended our night at Cadillac and we took our business else where.  I have worked in the restaurant business before and I know you can transfer tables to another server without driving the customer away.  I have never had a good experience when I come here.  When I do stop for a visit, my expectations are very low.
5	I decided to catch a movie down at Tempe Marketplace the other day with a friend (Horrible Bosses, AWESOME) and decided to head upstairs to Cadillac for some pre- movie happy hour. Being that I sit at bars except for family dinners we ponied up. I saw that they had a couple of 4 Peaks beers on draft so I chose to go the peach ale route while my buddy grabbed a frozen margarita. Both were super refreshing, enough so that I eventually had 2 more! Got down on the preztels appetizer, which when dipped in the fondue tasted like little angels dancing on my tongue before I ate them! My buddy ordered the bacon wontons, which I had to steal one, and they were one of the best things with bacon I have ever tried (right up there with Citizen's bacon popcorn and Beckett's Tables' bacon smores!) So flavorful it made me want 20 of them! I was also really stoked to see Blackmaker on the back bar. For those of you who don't know, try it. It's like Jager without the anise flavor or harshness. Now for the part that pushed me to write this: I noticed quite a few people comment on the service being bad, but I thought the bartenders did a great job staying on top of us. There was a male by the name of Justin who was very helpful in recommendations, and he was with a girl (Deanna?) Who was extremely personable and outgoing. They made sure my beers were always filled and our food was great! I will for sure make this my movie theater pre-game locale!
3	Had a work summer party here. Was a fun place to have it at because of the mechanical bull. The food wasn't too bad. Got some chips with dip and a pretzel with dip. The pretzel was FANTASTIC! Chips were ok.I do remember coming here once a couple of years ago and looking at the prices thinking it wasn't worth it. Seems too pricey for dinner and I think there would be lots of loud, annoying people there when it was busy. BUT that's just not my style. Could see this being a fun place for another type of person.The staff seemed nice and the location is cool being in Tempe Marketplace. Not sure I'd come back without reason, but wasn't bad for a big group.
2	Bad service, mediocre food.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it'll do in a pinch.
2	I went there a couple months back: they are good for drinks and that's about it.  Basically they know you're there for the atmosphere and drinks.  Food quality is poor.  I expected much more from their rib combo.  Basically another cookie-cutter chain.
3	My second visit here and me and the bf had a good time. Honestly pretty shocked to see CR's low star rating. Yes, when we arrived there was no hostess to be found and did wait fairly briefly. This should be addressed by management. On a busy night there should always be a hostess up front.We did have another wait before our server arrived. Forgiveable because she was attentive throughout our meal. If your in the mood for something to totally shock your taste buds try the Bacon Won Tons with maple syrup. Yep you heard me right. Sounds just crazy enough to be fabulous and THEY WERE!!! Everything else was good but those won tons had me. I had the taco platter (you get to choose 3 types, green chilli was my fav.) Otherwise can't really brag about the other 2 tacos and the tortillas could be much better. Our night out costs us 60 bucks which is a deal if you ask me. 2 alcoholic drinks, 2 apps, and 2 meals and it wasn't even hh. Very pleased.
1	My wife and I decided to try Cadillac Ranch for the first time last Friday night. The calimari was good as was my wifes low-carb burger minus the bun. I had the jalapeno burger which was pretty good except for the bun which was way to heavy for a burger. The service was exceptable and the atmosphere was very loud which is expected in a place like this. We both thought that this place is ok and that we would come back. That is, until we both used the restroom before leaving. We didn't actually "use" the restrooms, because they were both filthy dirty and the womens was out of soap. They were both disgusting and there is no excuse to allow them to get that way. That was the deal-breaker! If one cannot keep their restrooms clean and with soap, you wonder what else is wrong there. And, how are the employees washing their hands? NOT going back!
4	WHAT PASSES FOR A BOUNCER THESE DAYS ? These guys were skinny and nice. If I were to start a fight with a guy much larger then me, who would save me? If I were picking on somebody smaller then me, who would save them?  The situation felt as if some ASU fraternity guy was in charge of hiring and found all of the rail thin sophomores under 21 to get them into a bar on a Friday night.  (Probably Sig Eps, I have known a few across the nation, little weasels)  My fraternity brothers and I back in Philly (Yo Sammy, Gamma Psi, Temple U) would be starting fights in this place just to prove that we could. The bathroom attendant was nice and gave me a towel after I used the urinal. He also selected a nice cologne he had bought for 60 dollars that day!  (He only allowed me one squirt though) Overall, I liked the Cadillac Ranch. I was there once for a football game and the Nachos were good. I will return during the peak season and possibly for a football game. There are many large screen T.V.'s .I would write about the D.J. and his knowledge of late 90's hip-hop but I have already lost interest in this post.
2	Went here for lunch before heading home for California. I was three other people and all of our food was incredibly plain and bland. Absolutely no flavor, I could not even eat it. Service was pretty slow for the place being dead on a Sunday afternoon.Waste of time and money on crappy food.
5	This place is the best place in Tempe town marketplace by far. Good drinks, good food, and great service. They have a great happy hour and you get 25% your lunch just for checking in. Not to mention the sight of old cougs riding the bull at night is worth the trip itself.Bars are a dime a dozen in these parts so if you want the best experiencing possible go ask for Mel and Chelsea behind the bar. These master mixologists are heavy on service and even heavier on your pour!
5	Excellent place for good food and a grand ole time! They have a mechanical bull that is awesome for those drunken moments :) and the main reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because its the place I go to watch my beloved Texas Longhorns!
4	Seriously?  Only 2 stars?  You guys either haven't been out in AZ or are just idiots.  This place has good HH deals and decent food.  Best 'bar' in TMP btw.  Wait staff is always sweet and accommodating.
2	I've been going back and forth as to how many stars this place should get.  I finally decided on 2 because I can't award 1/2 a star and feel 3 stars is too many.My friends and I visited on a Saturday afternoon.  We entered and asked if we could sit in the bar area but we wouldn't be able to sit at the bar because there were too many of us.  The hostess was very short and said she would get something for us and be right back, then, she disappeared.  When she came back she led us to the furthest table from the bar.  Not what we wanted or asked for.  We decided we were going to ask for a table at the bar and was informed that outside was open seating- this would've helped when we asked the first time but, whatever.Our server was not the sunniest bulb in the box, meaning, she was not friendly.  Gosh, I hate that and it put me in a bad mood.  Last time I checked, she was there to help us at her own will, not against it.  Geesh.  We all had a couple drinks and some of us had appetizers.  They were good but nothing to write home about.  Bar food.My favorite part of the evening was when my friends rode the bull.  It was entertaining.So, in closing, go to ride the bull and then get the hell out of there.  Well, maybe stop at the bar and grab a drink first.
2	Overpriced, food wasn't very good, the service was only decent. If you go to Cadillac Ranch go for the eye candy and the bar on a Friday or Saturday night otherwise you will walk out feeling like you just kissed your sister... yeah I said it!
4	I've been to Cadillac Ranch, just never this location before. I came for a bachelorette party. The drinks were good.  The drunkeness was a good indicator. haha. We got there around 7pm on a Saturday, and the dinner crowd was on their way out. By the time we left around 9pm, the drinking crowd was there and ready to have a good time. I had a beer, a shot, and a DELICIOUS Italian Chicken salad. No complaints whatsoever. Before we left, we got the bride-to-be and one of the bridesmaids up on the bull. It was pretty hilarious and we had fun watching (so did the rest of the restaurant). I felt that it was a bit overpriced, but I'll definitely go again for a date night with the hubby or a girls night out.
2	Cadillac Ranch seems like the Scottsdale away from Scottsdale. I've been here a few times and the crowd has always seemed stuck up.  I can't comment on the food as I've never tried it... so all I'm commenting on is the bar hoppers and the bar tenders.The bar staff was nice one time... but I think it was just because I went there when it was slow and they (she) would come talk to me. However, the other time I went I may as well jumped behind the bar and made my drink myself... I'm not even sure they would have noticed. Maybe this isn't a slam to the bartenders themselves as maybe they were understaffed... as it was to the owners. I dunno... I just haven't had the best time here.
5	This is my place. So much so that I fear they will soon engrave my name on the outside patio bar. I love their happy hour, first of all. Incredible drink specials. $3 margaritas and half off all appetizers from 3-7 every day. I love this place.There are four things you NEED to eat here before you die, in this order:1. Bacon Won Tons - cream cheese won tons with bacon drizzled in maple chili sauce. In-credible.2. Calamari - comes with a lemon aioli. Don't know what that is? It's a delicious mayonnaise-type sauce.3. Queso dip - not your grandma's cheese whiz. Delicious white queso (no idea what kind, but obviously not from a can) with small slivers of a mild pepper in it. Delicious!4. Southwest Chicken Egg Rolls - self-explanatoryThis place is great and I don't usually say that about franchise/chain outfits.
3	great happy hour!
4	This place is not usually the type of place I visit, but I often go when co-workers are throwing a happy hour. I have to say that every time I visit, our group has so much fun. The wait staff seems to give us the right amount of attention and our drinks are always full. Happy hour prices are incredible.. I ordered a vodka water for only $2 and pretzel with fondue for $5. The pretzel was delicious. I probably wouldn't choose to go to Cadillac Ranch on my own, but I always have a great time when invited.
1	Yeah, i'm gonna go ahead and down-grade my rating from my previous review. The lack of awareness and attention you get as a customer is very inadequate. I have ordered take out and dined in since my last review and just wasn't pleased at all. 1. with the quality of the food and 2. with their customer service.Another long wait until our server showed up. I wanted to leave but my I didn't want to be like that. It is just ridiculous to me that it would take soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo long for anyone to address you once seated. I won't miss this place too much aside from the Bacon Won Tons. oh, well.
3	Ive never been here to eat, but have heard good things.While the drinks were good (go bartenders!) the ambiance here at night is kind of tragic. If you an to go here anytime after 9, try and get a seat on the patio.
4	In short:  amazing BBQ ribs, good service, great decor, and fairly priced.  But the toilet paper commercials blasting from the Tempe Marketplace P.A. system are a serious detraction - not to mention unappetizing.We Tucsonans have a weird relationship with our retarded big sibling to the north (by that, I mean the Phoenix Metropolitan Area, or "The Valley," as the Phoenicians call it).  I try to avoid going to Phoenix, and I can be successful for months or even years at a time.On this occasion, I was registered to run a marathon in Apache Junction (a nice, laid-back, podunk suburb to the east - my kind of place), and I had to pick up my race materials.  Typing the address into the GPS mapping system of my phone, I was surprised to find myself pulling into Tempe Marketplace, which I knew.  Phoenix is so big that I'm always amazed to find myself somewhere familiar.  It's like standing in the Sahara Desert and finding the comb that you dropped in high school.I checked in for my marathon, and then put two-and-two-and-two together:  it was lunchtime, I was hungry, and within Tempe Marketplace was a restaurant that had served me some of the best damn BBQ pork ribs ever, three years prior.  What was the name?  Pink Cadillac?  Cadillac Jones?  Big Dick Cadillac?  Cadillac-Something.  Yelp told me Cadillac Ranch, and I ascended the steps.Now for some history about Tempe Marketplace.A few years ago, I attended a commercial real estate lunch where one of its developers spoke.  Apparently the site used to be 150-200 acres of toxicity - landfills and auto salvage yards.  The developers scooped out the dirt, cleaned it, replaced it, and built a series of restaurants and shops that draws people from all over The Valley.  It was, and remains a home-run.  I like and appreciate what they did to an environmental disaster.Back to the ribs!  It was a beautifully sunny day, and I sat on the balcony overlooking the scenic courtyard.  I didn't think that the P.A. system would bother me.  I was wrong.I got a Papago Brewing "Orange Blossom" beer, which is a locally-brewed lager with an orange flavor.  It's very good - kind of a like a Heifeweizen after you squeeze an orange in.  I also ordered a full rack of ribs and loaded mashed potatoes.Amanda, my server, was excellent - cute, polite, prompt, and helpful.  When I asked, she found out where the Orange Blossom was brewed.The decor is great - it's all wood, and it has a great Old West feel.  Inside the bar is a mechanical bull that drunk wanna-be cowboys get thrown from.  As I had hoped, the ribs were amazing - perfectly done and fall-off-the-bone tender.  The BBQ sauce is one of my all-time favorites - not too sweet, with a good smoky flavor.  I could have used just a little bit more sauce.The mashed potatoes were loaded with bacon, green onions, and cheddar cheese.  They were perfect.  I also got french fries, which were spicy and also perfect.  The salad was good and big, although the bleu cheese dressing was a bit watery.The balcony is a great space to sit and enjoy your food and company.But the noise!  The P.A. system never stopped blaring to match the action on the giant television screen in the courtyard.  Music occasionally played, but the music-to-commercial ratio is about 1/3 to 2/3.  Good songs by Maroon 5, Lenka, and Katy Perry were cut off after twenty seconds, and a Charmin toilet paper commercial took their place.  You know the one with the cute cartoon bears going into the bathroom, wiping their asses with Charmin, and then emerging with smiles?  Yeah - that's what I had to see and hear during lunch. In other words, the P.A. system is not providing music for ambiance;  it's simply another advertising revenue stream.  When advertising detracts from the shopping or dining experience of the customers, the Landlords should revise their plan and eliminate it.So, when the P.A. system is not the fault of Cadillac Ranch, why do I mention it?  Because it's hurting Cadillac Ranch.  The commercials are annoying and they detract from the dining experience.  The noise makes conversation on the balcony difficult.  The restaurant is a tenant, and they have a lease with the landlord.  Hopefully, the owners of Cadillac Ranch will read this, complain to their landlord that the P.A. system is hurting them, and it will get turned off.  The world would be a better place.So, the tab for my lunch:  $36 (before tip) for a salad, a full rack of ribs, french fries, cowboy toast, loaded mashed potatoes, and two local micro-brews.  That's a fair and reasonable price.The restaurant is good and the ribs are so amazing, I may come back the next time I'm in The Valley.  I just have to remember my earplugs.4 stars (it would have been 5, but for the noise)
2	This was my third time here its OK at best. Had the half rack of ribs BBQ sauce was good(have had better) the ribs were very dry and very tough not like ribs should be. My wife had the same hers were better her side of steemed broccoli was just drenched in butter made for a over powering taste, service was also bad I was without a drink for 10 minutes before it got refilled. Can only give cute girls so much room for error.  All in all I doubt we will be back again
2	Always heard the advertisements for this place on the radio. Was given the impression it was a real hip place to go. Well, when you see the outside, the big Cadillac and the entrance with all the license plates, you think you're in for a treat. It's just a facade. Get inside, sit down. You realize they keep the place inside too cold. At least the bathrooms are clean. I ordered the bacon wontons because that was the cheapest thing on the menu ~$8. When I got it, I was shocked by the small portion. You get used to the taste, but when I was done, I felt a little nauceous. Maybe cream cheese and maple syrup isn't the best combination? For your money and time, go elsewhere.
2	I was really excited to check this place out by I was sorely disappointed with the service. Being someone who has worked in the service indstry, I get really annoyed when I am not acknowledged and have to wait throughout the night like I did a cadillace ranch. Slow service and average food add up to 2 stars.
3	its ok
2	Was not impressed with the food at all.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich which came out barely warm and with almost no BBQ sauce. I had to ask for more sauce. The bun was so wet, like it had been sitting for a while, that I couldn't even pick up the sandwich. I used a fork. I also ordered the sweet potato tots, which I had to send back because they were mushy.Lonnie ordered the fish and chips, which he liked, but wasn't impressed. So far no other place match's Four Peaks when it comes to fish and chips.You really had to search for a reasonable meal, some items were too high for a bar.Wouldn't eat there, but it has a nice atmosphere for drinking, and large tables for groups meeting up.
2	I can't really comment on the food since all we ordered was chips with queso and salsa which we didn't really eat due to the excessive amount of salt in all three. However, they had a surprisingly decent selection of beer on tap so the hubby and I spent an enjoyable afternoon day drinking on the patio and taking advantage of the happy hour half price drafts. We sat at the bar since the hostess informed us that there was a wait for tables on the patio even though there were a couple empty ones and I didn't see anyone waiting. Even from the bar we had good people watching opportunities courtesy of the shoppers below, no less than three tvs to watch, and a view of the acoustic guitar singer who started playing shortly after we arrived.On a Sunday afternoon it was mostly families and couples just hanging out. But I get the feeling that this place makes most of its money from rowdy college kids in the evenings.  Since that is not my scene and I didn't see anything too appetizing on the menu or coming out of the kitchen, I doubt we'll be back.  But I had to give them that extra star for the awesome patio and local craft brews. Too bad they allow smoking out there, but again I guess I am not their target demographic.
1	So, I wrote a review on this place a while back about how this place was unfriendly to tattooed people and wouldn't even let me get close to the front door and was pleased to see that I got a little apology from the owner. But when I read the actual comment she left, it was this "Thank you for taking the time to write this review. I apologize your level of service expectations were not met. It's our mission to please every customer with wonderful food, outstanding service, awesome entertainment and speedy service.Sincerely,Jessica (Marketing/ Event Coordinator) Cadillac Ranch Tempe"First of all Jessica, I didn't actually experience any service at your establishment, or even had a chance to have my expectations met or not. My experience wasn't the kind that you can go, "Sorry for the service"  And Thank you so much for cutting and pasting this generic apology on every bad review Cadillac ranch gets. (Didn't think we would notice that?) By you doing that, It honestly just showed me that you truly didn't care about making it right at all by actually reading what happened in my experience there and apologizing for it. Instead you picked all the reviews with one star and stuck the same apology over and over hoping that would be enough to appease the public. I would say I have never been so insulted in my life but if you actually take the two minutes out of your busy day to actually read my review this time. you will obviously see otherwise. Thank you "Jessica" and Cadillac ranch staff for once again showing your true colors when it comes to customer service by doing the bare minimum. Next time actually read the review.   -Thank you-
2	I've been here 4 times for informal meetings.  I'm guessing it gets picked because of perceived central location 101 & 202--or for people coming from Scottsdale and it's easy.The service is slow and not good.  Better to men than women, but you are ignored quite a bit, even when it's slow.  It's loud.I do not like the service or atmosphere, and there is limited selection of appetizer kind of food to share.  They're almost single serving, but at appetizer prices.  Go somewhere else.  And they wont' even mind here if you do--oblivion is the name of the service I see.
1	Actual date of visit:  3/6/11Wow...I wish I had read the other reviews before going to this place. It was our first time to Tempe Marketplace and the Cadillac Ranch looked like a cool place to grab a couple drinks and some appetizers. We sat outside in the sun....and that was the only good part. The first 3 beers my boyfriend tried to order off of their beer list, we were told by our indifferent waitress, that they no longer carried them. My margarita's were weak. When our waitress came to take our order my boyfriend asked "what's really good...what do people just love?" She shrugged, looked really confused, and said "well, everyone likes different things so I don't want to recommend anything cuz you might not like it". He asks that question every single time we go to a new restaurant and he's always got great recommendations. So we decide to start with an order of nachos. 7 above average sized, greasy, round tortilla chips with melted cheese, a few black beans sprinkled on along with some chilis and tomatoes maybe...for $7.99. The sour cream and guac cost an extra $1.50. At this point we still have no napkins or silverware. When we finish the tiny portion of nachos, we order the fried ravioli...which we're told a few minutes later that they're all out. So, we just ask for the check, which I promptly put my Discover card in and give back to the waitress. 2 minutes later she brings it back because they don't take Discover. Why doesn't that surprise me?
2	So I was debating on writing a review or not to this place because it use to be my favorite place to hang out every Thursday night for over a year with my boyfriend. We had great service from Matt, Darrin, Buddy, Justin, Ray and all the other guys who USE TO work there. They went above and beyond to make sure they served everyone and the drinks and food were great. Things started changing mainly with the staff and the changes were not good. All those guys we would return to see, were no longer there. The feel of the place was not the same and also the service with the new people was horrible. I have not returned to this place in about 3 months because it just was not the same. Not just the service, but the food. There are changes and I do not like the new "Nachos" those are not nachos! Anyways, I read some of these reviews down there and it seems that the place is not improving and it makes me feel like that I have no business going back. I just hope that the owners realize that their changes has affected business and it is really upsetting.
1	Don't be fooled by happy hour prices. I went yesterday and the waitress talked about 1/2 price appetizers, drinks, well drinks, etc. That price is only good at the bar. If you are at a table you will not get it. I went with some friends and we ordered drinks and appetizers. An order of chicken wings, an order of pretzels, 2 double vodka & 7ups, a single vodka & 7up and 4 coke & crowns. All ordered before 7pm when happy hour is over. Total price $ 71. Someone in management must have ridden that bull and hit their head - and the waitresses false advertise until the bill comes. If you are out for a happy hour in Tempe drive on past this place.
4	I'm surprised this place has such negative reviews because my experience was pleasant. Our server was fast and attentive, always making sure we had a beer in hand. Our food was delivered quickly and tasted fine. The only thing I didn't like was the tarter sauce for the fish and chips which was no big deal. The avocado egg rolls were great! The happy hour prices are what drew us in and we got them sitting in the restaurant. I would come back to this place without hesitation.
3	The food at Cadillac Ranch is alright and the atmosphere is fun if you want to have a drink with friends or watch a game.
2	irs ok
2	I had a good bad experience while at Cadillac ranch. The inside decor was pretty cool and had comfortable booths, which I appreciate. We ordered three different appetizers that were  on happy hour before our entrees. The Wontons, the queso dip, and the Chicken tenders. The tenders were good. They were beer battered and  tender. The queso dip was pretty bland and the chips awful. They weren't stale but just obviously super low quality. The Wontons were obviously frozen and sitting on a bed of syrup. It was like having desert and appetizers at the same time. When it came time to order entrees i was the last to do so. I asked my server about an option between three entrees and she danced around all of them suggesting that I have a pulled pork sandwich that was clearly less expensive than the ribs, steak or taco plate I inquired about. I should have headed her advice. It isn't every day a server tries to under sale you I ordered the ribs and was disappointed. the texture was off the flavor was bland except for the sauce which was spicy and not good enough to mask the bad flavor. My server Liz was awesome. She was attentive and friendly. She noticed I hadn't eaten my entree and took it away. The manager came back and was apologetic he offered me another entree and I took Liz's advice and got the pulled pork sandwich. It was much better. The staff was good and did there job very well. It isn't their fault the food quality is so bad.
1	Decided to come here for a drink with some girlfriends after seeing a movie. Big mistake. So we have the unfortunate luck of picking this place on a Sat night when it turns into a dance club. You would think we were trying to get into the most exclusive club on the west coast by the way the bouncers hassled us at the door. In AZ, the driver's licenses don't expire for like 60 years or something and the bouncers made my friend get a second form of id because her driver's license was issued in the 90's and didn't have some hologram on it. Totally ridiculous. Then they wouldn't let us take our movie cups in even though we had emptied them out and threw the lids away. And the hostess was just flat out mean.Finally after the hassle at the door, we walk in and the place is totally dead. What a joke! All that hassle and there's no one even there? You would think the owners would have promoters on the street begging pretty girls to come, but apparently they are going with the a**hole approach.Finally, we get to the bar and order drinks. Bartenders were jerks. In fact, it seemed like the better looking the woman was, the worse service they got. Like they had something to prove. It was such a turn off. My friend was trying to make some friendly small talk with one of them and he snapped back "Don't think you're getting any free drinks from me lady" then walked away. So rude.The bathroom was absolutely filthy yet, they had a bathroom attendant in there, which made absolutely no sense to me. I felt bad for the lady. It's not the type of place with clientele who are going to leave a tip for a bathroom attendant, plus having to sit in there all night in that disgusting place. Let the attendant go and hire a janitor!Clearly the owners are delusional and think this place is The Mint when it's ghetto trash. Will not return.
2	Not a fan. I visited here 4 times over a year ago. Thought the food was mediocre at best. The atmosphere was cool and the service OK. Not interested in returning. Have lots of other options. The atmosphere is unique and cool, but not enough to return.
5	My boyfriend and I went in last night for happy hour before a movie and they took amazing care of his allergies and great hospitality...service was immediate at the bar and manager approached us three times to check on everything. Our bar tender was Buddy, and he made sure everything was perfect and absolutely exceeded expectations going into our evening here. My boyfriend and I work in a fine dining atmosphere and I hate to say it but I haven't seen anyone go as far as they have to ensure guest satisfaction in a long time. I highly recommend this place!!
4	I have been to Cadillac Ranch for lunch, dinner, on football Sunday's and happy hour.  I am never disappointed.  The staff is courteous and efficient.  I was recently part of a large group who walked in and they graciously set up a nice area for us and provided very prompt service.  I even started my bachelor party there and we had such a great time we stayed longer than we had originally intended!  Definitely try the pretzel and fondue appetizer if you go!
1	First of all, I'm out to have a good time on my birthday. The id checker told me that my birthday was yesterday even though it was 11 pm on my actual birthday. Then we get in and the bartender (male) looks over at the female bartender and goes, "are you going to get them?" to which she rudely replies, "no you get them". Everyone was rude from the get go. We just went to check them out. I give good reviews where ever I go. But I felt bombarded with rudeness and hated it. We walked out in less than 5 minutes. Don't do it!
1	Food took forever to cone out and was cold when it did. Nobody ever checked on us and we saw our waitress a whole three times between our food arriving and paying our bill.  Despite the restaurant being empty, the manager never checked on us.  This place obviously is not in business because of the service.
1	Never again. Waitress needs to leave the bad attitude at the door, pretend that you love your job.  Remember bad service no tip.  Make sure your cook uses fresh bread, I got the moldy one.  One star for you because I am in a good mood.
1	I would tear a hamstring to run as fast as I could from this place. Went there for the first time last night. Food is gross. Service sucks. It's uncomfortable. There really isn't one good thing I can say about it. Run away. You'll thank me.
2	I feel like i yelped this place before but i guess not...Cadillac was okay for food. Bartenders are good they do their job and give you great pours. Food on the 15 minutes or it's free menu actually do come out at  15 minutes on the dot.. Yeah i timed it, what? I wouldn't really come back there are just too many other better bars than this place to go to.Also i do prefer dives so that is my bias views for you.
1	I used to come here often. However, today will mark my last visit. The food is good, don't get me wrong. But the service is horrible. The service has always been slow, but today reached a new level of slowness. We were there around 12:30pm, so it wasn't like it was busy. My party of 4 sat there for at least 5 minutes maybe 10 minutes before we were greeted. Our appetizer came out just fine. Then after we finished our appetizer our server took the plates and everything away and said that she was gonna check on our food. We then sat there for another 20 minutes and she came back to check on us and said she would check on our food again. Another 10-15 minutes goes by and we asked how much longer until our food would be ready and she said that they were waiting on one more item. Another 10-15 minutes goes by and the food finally comes out. I'm sorry but a three item order should come out faster than 40 minutes after an appetizer. The manager come by after he brought us our food and asked how it was, we said it "was good now that we finally have it". He gave us some story that one of the items came out cold so they remade it. Okay remake or not, it STILL SHOULDN'T TAKE OVER 40 MINUTES! AND if there was an issue with our order they should have told us sooner than after we sat there forever.Anyway you look at it, today was the last straw and we will never be back again.
4	GREAT SPOT - LOCALLY OWNED & IT SHOWS!!!the Owner Oz is great & take's pride in his establishment... they keep the menu pretty fresh with new items always popping in for the season and they have my favorite local micro-brew - ORANGE BLOSSOM!!!  Their Happy Hour is the REAL DEAL - Try the Pulled Pork Sandwich while your thereWhen you're looking for a great spot to watch Football on the weekends this is as good as it gets - Jumbo screens and multiple TV's with multiple bar setups & it's close to Tempe but not directly slammed in all the traffic - which is a plus to me. Great bar to catch a BEARS game at on Sundays and a University of Texas spot on Sat's but I'm Michigan so ya won't find me there :)For those that need a patio like myself - prepare yourself... its freaking HUGE & looks out across the courtyard. If you're trying to switch it up from the typical Oldtown Weekend and don't want to go as far as Mill It has a pretty decent night life - doubles up as a club / lounge late night on some weekdays & weekends - great DJ's & they even get some pretty decent live entertainment.Def worth a stop if you're in the area whether its just for a quick drink before a movie or you're having a full meal.
5	We hit the mall in search of dinner on 9/30, figuring we'd find something cool and casual. We actually hit the jackpot.The food was pretty good but what blew us away (and earned the 5 stars) was the service. Our waitress was Karyl and she was awesome. She said she'd only been there about a week but it sure didn't seem like it. She was great, very personable and attentive. If we're ever back in Tempe (and we're there a few times a year), we'll definitely be back...hopefully when she's working.
2	Went for dinner on a Wednesday with a group of 8. The place was fairly empty most of the night, yet it took a full 15 minutes for our server to take a drink order. Once we received those, she didn't come back for another full 20 minutes. I can't remember the last time I had such slow or nonchalant service. The menu is all bar food and rather uncreative. I ordered the Phoenix cheesesteak and was unimpressed. I'd give 2 stars for the food, one for the service, and 3 for the draft beer selection. So it averages out to two. I won't be back if I can help it.
2	I didn't get what the concept of this place was supposed to be. Is it a country western bar, a rock and roll bar or a bar-be-que and steakhouse? One wall says saddle up, while the other says rock n roll. the place has a western design with deer antlers and guitars painted on the wall. but they kept playing love songs for music. the food was ok, nothing real special. i had the pulled pork sandwich, which had a lot of grease dripping from it, and it didn't even taste as if it had been smoked. the sauce was bland and the coleslaw tasted as if had come from kfc.
3	Came here on a Friday night with a few friends and my amazing girlfriend.  I expected it to be a little busy so it's not a big deal.  I was a little disappointed with service at the table as we had to actually flag a barback down and ask him to send a waiter/waitress over to take our drink and food order. I don't fault the girl for it being her first week, she really went above and beyond to try and take care of us. However, when the "experienced" girl came on, she was not the friendliest out there. She came by and asked us if we needed any more drinks and left before we could answer. The food was good, just got the chicken fingers, but this is a service industry and I pay for the experience, which just wasn't there.
4	When it's a Tuesday night, and Cadillac Ranch is in dive-bar mode, I like it a lot. Chill music, nice patio, great specials on beer. Since the bar was outdoors, my pals didn't have wander off to have a smoke.Weeknight specials are awesome. $3 pints of some good stuff like Mission Blonde Ale. I can relax here, and the interior looks so nice I'll definitely come back during peak hours. I'm a fan.
2	BAR ONLY REVIEW.2 Star Beer, 3 Star Cocktails, 1 Star Service.Sorry to beat a dead horse but avoid this place if possible. That being said if you need a drink at Tempe Marketplace your options are limited and this is normally the only bar with empty seats in the whole marketplace on Fri/Sat nights.
4	I thought that I had caught the end of happy Hour as I entered about 6:30pm, but I was wrong. Cadillac ranch has Happy Hour all night on Monday, so it was 1/2 price drinks and appetizers for as long as you stayed. Being a huge soft pretzel fan, that's where my money went tonight. Originally $8.99, these are really, really good, but probably not for full price. Two huge hot pretzels and a very unique dipping sauce which was a vat of cream cheese fondue. It was a dreamy combination. They also have a huge projector screen TV in the middle of bar and an outdoor and indoor bar. Nice place for happy hour and football, especially on Monday's.
4	Tried the 3 Taco combination on Sunday for $9.99. This is a pretty good deal consisting of three tacos of your choice loaded with meat (chicken and carne asada) on flour tortillas and then chips and salsa is served with the dish. The female bartender also included an extra order of Chips with salsa and queso which she said cmae with the tacos, even though there was already chips/salsa on my plate. Carne asada had a nice chipotle sauce and chicken was long strips of marinated white meat. As the only bar open at 11AM for Sunday football, place was empty til about 1pm, so manager will put whatever game you need on the bar TV's. The only issue is that they should have some kind of Sunday football food specials or keep the apps at 1/2 price. They did have $1 Coors light drafts, so that helped.
4	Happy Hours at Cadillac Ranch are my favorite. The HUGE outdoor patio is a big draw, so get there early. Happy hours are daily, plus ALL night on Mondays. A BIG plus, is half off all bottles of wines on Wednesdays (umm..hello?)I usually go for the appetizers and it's not the healthiest - but it's HAPPY HOUR!Margaritas are tasty - they don't skimp on the tequila!I'm a fan!
3	This is typically a place I try to avoid because it's in a commercial district. On the particular night I came here I was two sheets to the wind having had a few at The Thirsty Lion. It was a late Tuesday night so it was not very crowded and they had live guitar music so I wound up having a good time. The outdoor area is a nice place to sit overlooking Tempe Marketplace below. The service was OK, not bad but not particularly memorable.I think this would be an OK place to come during the week. I don't think i would deliberately come here but would have no problem winding up here on a week night when I'm already buzzed. I think I would be miserable here on a Friday or Saturday night when it's crowded.All I know is that by the time I left I was wasted and felt awful the next morning so they did something right.
4	Very friendly staff and an interesting Weekend Brunch Menu. The outdoor patio was perfect for conversation. I ordered the Caddy's Egg Benedict. The eggs were great but they were served on a huge plate which made the portion very small. Oh well, I would recommend and my date enjoyed the experience.
2	Ehhh, I think I used to like this place when I was young and before discovering Scottsdale. There was an event last night with a radio station and a R&B singer - we thought it would be a good idea to check it out... and we were wrong. The crowd was full of ratchet females and wannabe rappers. The drinks did nothing for my buzz - I think I was drinking pure red bull because there was no taste of vodka. There's a designated dance floor, which is nice, but not when the DJ only plays 2 Chainz. Maaaaybe I'm spoiled by Scottsdale nightlife, but I would never come back here.
2	This review was started a while ago maybe 6 months ago... I forget to send it.I would have to say this place is just blah. My husband and I went to Tempe Marketplace and decided to get a quick bite here after we shopped for a couple hours. We have been here a few times and its always OK. We almost went to San Felipes (wish we did), but the music was so loud, I wanted to more or less chill out. We got seated right away, I dont think I have ever seen it busy there. Sat in a booth by the bar, across from the server station. The Coyotes game was on, so my husband was happy. We saw the little fliers they had which is happy hour every day from 3-7PM. It was 530 so that was perfect. We ordered 1 Corona and Iced Tea to drink. The waitress stand was literally across from our booth 2 feet, so we sat there watched her get an Iced Tea and sat there waiting for the bartender to talk with some people or friends at the bar forever desperately waiting for the Corona, which would take 1 second to get and pop the top off. She could of turned around walked one step and bring my iced tea, but she didnt. I said to my husband, wow what is the hold up, 5 mins later, she gave me my iced tea, I think she might of heard me..few more mins he slowly brought over the beer. I dont fault her, she was waiting there the whole time and didnt move, as to say hurry up. There was another waitress as well waiting for beers, while he chit chatted away. We ordered the Pretzel Fondue for an app, which was different, because it was cream cheese fondue. I thought it would be a good, maybe a nice or different cream cheese, but I think they melted Philly Cream cheese you get at the grocery store ha! The pretzel was literally greasy, I dont know how that's possible and it showed its leftover grease when you would pick it up from the plate. Maybe it was the mass amount of butter put on it. Who knows. They sprinkled parsley on top of the "fondue" to spice it up I suppose, didnt make sense.  I ordered the Cadillac Salad with no meat and my husband ordered the Sliders with fries (fries was .99 cents more, for 10 fries) The salad was literally spring leafs, 10 shreds of cheese, 2 grape tomato's sliced in half (totaling 4) and 6 tiny, thin sliced, dried looking cucumbers dried on the outside rim of the salad bowl. (Looks like they put it up and waited for the sliders to get done so dried out salad) The sliders my husband said were ok. Fries were good. I had a couple. The bill comes and it was messed up. Seriously I am done with this place. I will not go back. I try and avoid the whole Tempe Marketplace period.
4	Love going to this place! We will drive the 45 minutes to Tempe just to have some drinks and a great dinner. Staff is always friendly and atmosphere is upbeat and energetic. Check out Facebook for promotions before heading out, as they post some great deals!
1	Like everyone else is saying, Cadillac Ranch is not the place to go. The food is never cooked the way I want it, the cocktails almost always are skimped on alcohol, and the specials are overpriced. My server was really nice at first, but kept trying to rush me out by repeatedly offering me the bill in between flirting with what looked to be the manager or bar manager. I'm assuming she wanted to get off of work. This was a horrible time, to say the least. I wouldn't recommend visiting Cadillac Ranch anytime soon.
4	The food here is great and really cheap during happy hour. I only gave a 4 star because the cocktails seem really weak.
3	We were here on Wed., March 6, 2013, a party of 5.  We were seated immediately by friendly staff and placed our drink orders.  We ordered chips and salsa for appetizers and there was plenty for all 5 of us to enjoy.  The order came with 2 salas to try, one fresh tomato, cilantro salsa and one cheesy salsa.  There was a miss communication with our waitress when we ordered another round of drinks that we were ready to order our dinner so someone from our party spoke with someone at the Hostess Station asking that our waitress return to take our orders.  We mostly all ordered salads, the Steak Salad, the Southwestern Chicken Salad and the Buffalo Chicken Salad and one order of tacos.  As we were being served our entrees the owner, Chris came over with an order of his BBQ Baby Back Ribs, on the house, for our having to wait. They were delicious and his generosity was greatly appreciated.  We all loved our fresh salads with meat .  The tacos were not good and would not be on our list to re order.   Chris tried very hard to make our dining experience pleasurable and we appreciate that.  It was not a busy night so our waitress was lacking in her service to the customer
1	Where "Rock meets Country" says their website -- umm.. neither rock nor country ever showed up the night we were there - it was all techno and drunks on the dancefloor- ok - we can deal with that -- but we ended up having a truly horrible, rude waitress and terrible drinks to boot. we didn't even finish our drinks - I took one sip of my house marg (served in a plastic soda glass) and decided it wasnt worth the 100's of calories of corn syrup..couldnt taste the tequila through the sweet mix so I don't know if it was any good or not.yech.what a dive. i think it was once a country bar - then they decided to reinvent themselves -- or tried to. no cowboys here -- or rockers either - just a bitchy waitress and bad drinks.
2	Food is okay, but service is way too inconsistent. Service ranges from average to well below average and there is no rhyme or reason for the inconsistency. However, I love the Tuesday night music, so I am reluctant to say I won't return, but the service here definitely gives me little reason to.
4	Located in the very popular Tempe Marketplace, this is a fun spot to get together after work.  The office has celebrated a couple of birthdays and a few going away parties here.  It's always in the top 3 choices for the young-ins in the office when they get to pick a place for their special day.  There's plenty of space here to accommodate large or small groups.  Our get togethers are normally in the 20-30 people range and we've never had any issues with service.The appetizers are good here.  Potato Skins and Nachos are the two that I've sampled.  I've only had appetizers and drinks here, so I can't speak about the entrees.I hear it's awesome on the weekends, but that's for a much younger crowd and I outgrew that scene many moons ago.Return Factor - 80%
2	Its kind of a wanna-be-chain restaurant that evolves into a nightclub on the weekends. I would probably never eat there, so I cant comment on the food. You will see some good looking women - mostly kiddos, and its a pretty big spot with three different bars and lots of room to bounce around. I wouldn't stay too late though. Its basically just a gangster-party/Mexican sausage-fest after about midnight. Very STRONG drink pours though... at least from the patio bar if you tip well. And be sure to watch your step down the stairs on your way out.... we watched this girl trip over her heals and damn near crack her head open about half-way down. We didnt know whether to laugh or help. But she seemed OK, bounced right up, and rolled over to San Felipes across the street - where they let her right in. Gotta love the Marketplace!
1	Went to this place with my wife and a few friends the morning after an epic wedding. I was starving. It was pretty early, about 1030. We got seated, and ordered drinks (hair of the dog, to be sure). We ordered nachos to start. They took forever to come out. Also, they weren't nachos. This place's idea of nachos is 6 crappy tortilla rounds with a little melted cheese and a few scraps of chicken on top. Please. If we order nachos for 4 people, we want a steaming, heaping, cheese-oozing plate of tortilla chips with pico, guac, beans, and meat. These were not nachos. They were not particularly good. And they weren't cheap.For my early lunch/late breakfast, I ordered the beef dip; my wife got the 3 taco combination, 2 fish and 1 chicken. And thenWe waitedand waitedand waited.It should be noted that there were, at most, 8 other diners in this huge place at the time that we were there.When we finally got out food, they had screwed up my wife's order by giving her steak instead of chicken (not a huge deal). Now, I had ordered the beef deep primarily because I figured that it's pretty hard to screw up. Some soft white bread, some hot juicy beef, and au jus.What they brought me was, I swear to god, the worst sandwich I'd ever had in my life. It wasn't hot. The bread wasn't soft. The meat looked like poor-quality lunchmeat. One of my number 1 pet peeves is waste: wasting food, wasting money, wasting electricity, whatever. I was starving, but I did not finish my beef dip. It was that bad.I will certainly not be going back (you couldn't pay me, so don't bother sending a gift card) and I certainly will not be recommending it to anyone in the Phoenix/Tempe area. Maybe it's more of just a drinking place, who knows; but that doesn't excuse it from messing up relatively easy-to-do bar food and having terribly slow service with nobody in the joint.
3	I have never had bad service in the 4-5 times I have been here in the last two months and this is the perfect after work cool off happy hour joint.The beer is never stale and I always get another when needed / requested.apps are always greatI have more con's about the cheesers who seem to irritate the bar tenders / wait staff than the joint itself.I would recommend this as a good place to chill with your friends and kick back a few drinks. #GoDevils
2	Ok drinks in tempe market place may go back if we were in the neighborhood and wanted a quick drink.
2	The food was pretty good. I am vegetarian so my options were limited, but everyone I was with seemed to enjoy their food. The portions were really big. The cocktails were also tasty. While the food was decent it was not good enough to get me back there. The service was not the best. Our waitress came by a lot, but perhaps too much. She didn't really read the table to see if it was an appropriate time to check on us. She also pretty much asked us to clear our table, as the second a plate was empty she would pop up and ask us to hand it to her. That kind of service isn't really my thing, as it makes me feel like they are trying to get us in and out as quickly as possible. If you like that much attention then you may like it.
1	We had a great experience 6 months ago, but last night (5/7/13) was a strikingly different story.  I asked if there had been a management change and if fact there had been!  A new general manager had taken over several months ago.  Who ever it is should be terminated by the owner immediately.  The food was terrible and tasteless, the service poor and the live musicians were out of tune and way too loud.  I stopped to get a managers card on the way out to call them and give them some feedback as I too am a business owner, only to be told by three snotty little girls that they don't have any business cards for the manager and no way for me to provide them input.  So I turned to yelp to post this review that does not even deserve the one star it got.  If they continue their current course they will be closed in a matter of months
1	I went to Cadillac Ranch on Wednesday 5/8/13 with 3 friends. The reason we chose CR Tempe was because they have a great patio overlooking a stage at Tempe Marketplace where the winner of "the voice" would be singing that night. We were told it was going to be a 25- 30 min wait for the patio- not a big deal. 45 minutes later the hostess finally takes us to get seated and she tries to put us at a table on the back patio. I asked to speak to the manager (since I told her we came there solely for the good view of the stage and good service) and miraculously we were sat at a front patio table. Our server was actually great- she made sure we were taken care of and was happy we were sat in her section. To be clear-this one star review has nothing to do with her. I ordered the sliders with chipolte ranch, my friend ordered a salad with chipolte ranch, and my other friends shared the tacos. The food was pretty good and the concert was awesome. It wasn't until later that night I found out that something about my food was actually not good.Around 1:30am I woke up with a very upset gargling stomach. It wasn't long after that until I got sick. I was sick all night and only got about 3 hours of sleep. The next morning I felt a little bit better and got ready for work- since I am right out of college, every minute of work counts. I got to work at 8am and at around 9:30am my stomach started acting up and I had to leave work for the whole day. I am losing money on my next paycheck because of Cadillac Ranch. I believe they owe me a day's worth pay. I'm still only able to eat bland foods and now instead of getting together with friends tonight, I get to go home and sleep to get over this. Yay fun weekend for me.. not.  So take it from me- do not go to Cadillac Ranch for food unless you want food poisoning and your weekend to be ruined. I will not be returning anytime soon, if ever.
2	11 of us met up here for my bday celebration last night for a girls night out of dancing. Besides 1 of the ladies, it was our first time here as we usually go to Scottsdale but decide to give Cadillac Ranch a try as we wanted something new & alittle closer. Since I wasnt sure how the crowd was going to be and we're coming with a big group, I had reserved a champagne table for us to make sure we'll have a spot. 1/2 of us showed up about 10p but the table wasnt ready for us so we were told to hang out and someone will come get us. We werent sure where they were going to seat us so while waiting, we put together 3 tables by the back wall so we could sit down and order something to drink while waiting to met our hostess/waitress. No one came to get us but our server came and introduced that she will be helping us (dont know if she even said her name as I dont recall). Here's my review....good & bad....We did have a good time (11 ladies, we're going to have a good time wherever we are) and we enjoyed the today's hit mixed with the latin music that they played. Here's my complaint I was not happy with and wanted to address. The waitress said I needed to pay for the champagne table so I asked to start a tab for me and put it on there. She came back saying her manager said I had to pay for it now cash & I can start a tab when I order another drink. I dont get that as I'm going to be charging for my drinks anyways so why cant I put it on the tab? I didnt have cash with me as I was planning on putting it on my tab so the waitress said I can go to an atm around there. Luckily, my friends gave me the $ to cover it. 1st problem. Next, she hardly came around to our table to take drink orders that we ended up going up to the bar most of the night to get our drinks as we didnt want to wait around looking for her. When she finally did come around one time, we ordered some shots and drinks which took awhile to get and another friend ordered another shot when she finally returned with the drink. Another friend wanted 1 but didnt want to wait for her so she went up to the bar and came back with hers before my friend got her drink from the waitress! Strike 2.   Then, we got our drinks taken/table cleared that wasnt even done and still 1/2 or 1/3 full when we all went up to dance. Was told it's because they probably thought we were gone since no one was at the table (because we were dancing!) so we asked for them to please NOT clear our table/drinks as we plan on staying the whole night which they did, thank you but we had to order more drinks. Strike 3. Well, we continued with our fun dancing and the waitress told one of the girls to go get us from the dance floor that we needed to clear out and pay for our tabs since she was getting off. Stike 4...This is the first this has happened on any club I've ever been to which usually, it gets passed onto the next waitress who'll be taking care of us (not that she was much help...I have to say, she was friendly...just not tentative or available). I went back to pay not paying attention to the bill. Well, that's what did it in making me write this detailed review. Since I bought and paid for my drink at the bar and my friends bought me my other shot and drink, I only had 1 (ONE) special of the night AMF that I had ordered from her. Well, she charged me 4X that. Had I paid attention, I would of pointed it out so that was my end but come on! I've heard of stories of waiters/waitresses that would overcharge on people's tabs but it's never happened to me. Strike 5....is there such a thing??!We enjoyed the music and the ladies had fun BUT we agree, it's not worth getting the champagne table or any table reserve as 1) you can get it yourself for FREE like we did as it's not that packed and we always go alittle early anyways as we like to get on the dance floor and get the party started. 2) Go to the bar and get your drinks as it'll be ALOT faster service and 3) NO TABS as you might get overcharged on your bill. If someone would like to get in touch with me, I welcome it and would love to talk to the manager/owner if you care about customer comments/feedbacks in improving your establishment.
1	Smokers paradise!  It's a stink hole because of the "outside" bar.  It's a joke, really.  I think the smoke-free laws are being violated here.  My family and I won't be back.Wish I could give this cruddy place NO STARS.
3	I was with a large group of people for a friend's going away party and they had decided on Cadillac Ranch as the venue.  I arrived a little bit later than everyone else so they had already ordered food and several rounds of drinks.  I was worried that the server wouldn't notice me and I'd have to wait for ever to get something but she was actually pretty quick to come over and get my order.  She did a good job throughout the night of keeping up with everyone too so I was impressed with that.What I didn't like was later on around 10 or so she comes by and randomly asks if we'd like the check to which I gave her a confused look and an answer of "no".  We're at a bar that doesn't close until 2 am, we're having a good time, and no one has asked for a check, in fact I'd like another round while you're here.  Then a little while later she explains that she's leaving so she needs us to close out our tabs and then go to the bar for everything we wanted.  This was annoying but it's not like we could ask the girl to stay the whole night.  I did like the fact that she separated our tabs out for us and was very nice about it even though it was kind of confusing.  Food and drinks were average but nothing mind blowing which is pretty much my consensus on the service as well.  Nothing really sucked but nothing was great either.  Solid 3 stars.
5	I received a message from Bill the new general manager shortly after my review to get in touch with him so I called him back. He was very nice and extended out a sincere apology for the experience I had and wanted to know all that happened and offered to make it up to me if I come back and give them another chance. Like I said in my review, we enjoyed ourselves dancing so it was just the service that was bad so I told him I'll get back to him after I talk to my friends for our next girls night out outing as we were planning on another in a month for 2 of the girls birthdays coming up anyways. Well, we decided to go ahead and go to Cadillac Ranch again and Bill said he'll make sure everything goes smoothly for us and he'll treat us to champagne and appetizers on him and get us a table for the group. There were about 11 of us that showed up for dinner and about another 12+ who later showed up for dancing. Bill not only made sure that we had Liz our waitress who was sweet, excellent and tentative in making sure we had drinks, waters, etc throughout the whole night but he also had a security watching our tables so we were well taken care of as promised.  We definitely had the VIP red carpet treatment. You won us over and we will be returning for more girls night out in the future. Thanks again for a pleasant experience and doing all you can to making this 2nd visit an enjoyable one. My girlfriends & I all agree, you went above and beyond expectations and we were very impressed and thank you for a great fun night.
5	Cadillac Ranch is as good as it gets! The atmosphere, staff, food and most definitely the owner make this a top choice for events, celebrations, dinner and Happy Hour. We hosted a Christmas in July event last night and Chris went out of his way to provide delicious food and a prime space to mingle and collect donations. We raised  received enough cash and food donations to provide over 1000 meals for the hungry.  An employee even helped us haul out the large box of food donations when the event was over. I highly recommend Cadillac Ranch for your next large group or event; or just to hang out and enjoy the delicious food and drinks.
1	This was the worst customer service I've experienced anywhere in a long time. Tonight our party of four arrived and sat at the bar and ordered a round of beers. Noticing that a booth in the bar area opened up, we asked the bartender if we could take the booth, he said yes and we politely closed our tab with him and took our beers with us to the booth. When we sat down, a server came up to us and asked, "Do you need a server?" and we said, not at this time but we could use more drinks in a while. Then a second server came up to us and she asked if we needed food. We now felt as though something was wrong so we asked if we should not be seated in the booth and she said yes, we shouldn't be seated there but it was not big deal. It was obvious it was a big deal because she could not hide her negative attitude and sour expression. So, in short, we were made to feel bad for being seated in the wrong location even though our intention was to enjoy a few rounds of drinks over conversation. We were checked upon  every 5 minutes and felt rushed and uncomfortable by our server the remainder of the night. Sorry Cadillac Ranch, your poor customer service means a loss of 4 customers who will not be back. Good luck, there are too many other great places to choose from for drinks and relaxation at Tempe Market Place.
1	Went to Cadillac Ranch for the first time last night with a big group of friends (about 12 of us) for a birthday get-together. We got there around 8pm and started ordering drinks and food. The waitress was attentive, so that's a plus, but the food and drinks were not very good and they were very overpriced. I ordered the nachos... and what do they bring me? A plate of small tostadas! WTF?! Also, they burnt the chicken they put on top of these tostadas. Every bite was 50/50 between dry bland food and gross burnt flavor. So then I ordered chicken strips and fries. While the fries were pretty good, the chicken was very bland and kind of chewy. Now for the drinks... the birthday girl had quite a few and I tried a bit of each. Most of them were really tart and honestly hard to drink. I had the big blue punch-bowl drink with the Red Bull in it... and while it was a decent (3-star) drink, there's no way in hell it's worth $14. Up until 10pm, this place is a solid 2 stars. However, after 10pm they brought out a terrible DJ and cranked the music up so loud we couldn't hear each other anymore. The music was terrible, way too loud, and it totally ruined the conversation we were all having. Around this time about half of our group left. The only reason we stayed is because a few people were still on their way, so we tried to make the best of it and we stayed until 11:30pm.The comments from just about everyone in our 12 person group were... "Wow, this place isn't very good, is it?" or "Where did our waitress go? After 10pm they simply abandoned us over here, didn't they?"All in all, great company at our table... but this place sucks.
1	CHECK YOUR RECEIPTS! Our waiter Jamal creatively added a larger tip than written in. I've been going there for years but never had such terrible service (wrong drink, slow service) and I've never had fraud committed from Cadillac Ranch. I treated him kindly as did my lunch companions and am ashamed to have suggested this place for lunch.
5	I am amazed that this place only has 2 and a half stars. I love this place. They do have the best happy hour around. The bartenders pour great drinks, the wait staff is on it and the food is great! I regular this place for many reasons. The people that work here is one on the main reasons. They are fun and sociable. Treat people the way you want to be treated. I really hate to think some one would pass on cadillac ranch because of some of these bitter reviews. Don't believe everything you read, give it a try for yourself and then you decide. I did and I love it!
5	I enjoy my time at Cadillac Ranch. Their Happy Hour just can't be beat. Every time I've eaten here, the food has been fantastic! The staff is excellent. They are on it with top shelf service. I feel the prices are very good. I'll keep going back. Great food, great drinks and super service, you can't do better!
2	I was in here about 2 weeks ago with my girlfriend. We were seated on the stage in the back at a table. No lighting for us to read our menus. I even mentioned it to our server at the time but nothing was done. First off ordered caso dip as an app. Cheese was not warm and sent it back. But I also said I would pay for it regardless. I'm not one to get anything for free. My meal for the most part was delicious! Chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes. Fried steak great!! Potatoes not so much. Piece of bread came with it and it had no butter no garlic nothing just plain. Not sure if that's how bread is served there. I may go back and try it again I just figured I would get more out of it!
2	The interior and exterior design is inciting. They play music videos: country, rock, 80's, a little of everything - at least when I was there. The food and service didn't stand out. Basically the usual gourmet American food. There wasn't really anything exciting about it or unique but the restrooms were nice.
1	Took my parents who are in from Ohio. CR back there is good food & a good time. However CR Tempe isn't. It was Friday night but very slow, so that should have been a red flag. Five of us went for dinner. Only one meal was rated OK, the rest were horrible. Burgers were dry & tasteless. Chicken wings undercooked and virtually sauceless. Waitress was slow & wasn't knowledgeable about menu questions. The pretzel with dipping cheese appetizers were great but that wasn't enough to up the stars. The manager did come to the table about undercooked wings, but he had an arrogant attitude, leaning into my moms face & saying "so what's your problem with the wings." While at the table he was also hugging the waitress while she was hanging on him. Not at all professional. Choose another place if you want good food & good service.
1	I've been to CR numerous times for drinks with friends on the weekend and thought it would be a fun place to take a friend from Chicago.  Three of us went for a late lunch today and were extremely disappointed.  The service was not too impressive, especially considering it was very slow; we had to keep asking for drink refills and it took a long time to track down our server so we could pay our bill.  Even more disappointing was the food...it was overpriced and nothing was even "ok".  We ordered the queso dip appetizer, and we all agreed it tasted like Cheez Whiz and was very overpriced.  The caesar salad was soaked in dressing to the point it wasn't edible, and was served with a toast-like bread that was stale and tasteless. Two of us had carne asada dishes (a salad and the taco platter), and the meat was incredibly tough and bland...I ate 1/2 of a taco and couldn't choke down any more.  This was one friend's first experience with carne asada, and we had to assure her that this is NOTHING like true carne asada.  I would never go back to CR for the food...there are a lot better places to eat at Tempe Marketplace.
1	Where do I began. Ordered pasta Alfredo with extra chicken(never got the extra chicken) wtf. Worse off my dinner was served cold. I ordered pasta not revenge. Very heavy on the garlic. Not vampire friendly. The biggest steak they have is 8oz. 4 or 5 of those my fill you up. It's not really a family restaurant. Just a glorified sports hang out. Less sports hotter food would be great.
3	The atmosphere is nice and the TVs with sports on everywhere is a bonus. The food was good. I would recommend the nachos as a starter. The burgers were good but not the best I've ever had. The server was friendly, but scarce. The price was reasonable. I would come back.
1	Worst customer service....bartender is extremely rude. I won't come back. My drink sucks too!
3	It's okay to come here with friends and chill out for a little while, not an all night bar for me
5	Such a great business. Had great experience with my friends and family. Came in on a Monday night to celebrate my BF's boyfriend. All drinks and food was half off!!! Crazy!!! Food and drinks were great. The drinks i could tell was made by someone who had great skills. Perfect blends, we had mixed drinks, beers and shots. Our bill came to $25, AMAZING so I left a $15 tip for the great experience and prices. Will be back!
3	Good Happy Hour Spot.. Nice price on drinks and appetizers. The only thing that sucks was they are not consistent on the food sometimes it good sometimes not some much.. But still a good Happy Hour Spot
2	I'm a recent Texas transplant and heard that this was THE bar in Phoenix to visit when the Longhorns football team took the field.  I was certainly not disappointed.  When I walked in the door, I was greeted with a sea of burnt orange t-shirts, VY jerseys, and chants of "OU Sucks!"The bar advertises a pretty impressive happy hour menu with draft pints, bottles, and most appetizers being half off every day between 3pm-7pm.  We had a handful of Shiner Bock bottles (until they ran out), a few Bud Lite drafts, and the nachos and quesodillas.  Everything was pretty tasty and the service was great.After meeting some friendly people and watching the Horns barely pull off a victory, I thought I had found my new second home... until the bill came.  Apparently, happy hour is 3-7pm every day EXCEPT DURING TEXAS LONGHORN FOOTBALL GAMES.  The bartender said there are signs posted at the door, but we certainly didn't see them as we entered (nor as we left... and we looked everywhere).  It would have been nice to know that ahead of time.  Nice business model guys. .  My a** felt sore after I paid the check, and I didn't even ride the mechanical bull.Very disappointing.
4	I am sad this place had to close, whatever the real reason. I miss my bacon won-tons!
