4	Was here last night for a Family Soft Opening. This used to be Carmine's but was gutted and looks great. Plenty of TVs to watch the game. The food and drink selection was excellent. The "Mad Mule" was a great cocktail. Food was excellent, very large portions. I enjoyed the Chicken Salad and it was delicious. I have high expectations for this bar. Hopefully becomes the new local spot!
4	I would have given this bar 5 stars but finding this bar was so frustrating!  My mapquest took me to a residential area in the middle of nowhere on W Pyle Ave.  I had to call Distill in W. Charleston to get the cross roads.  So for those looking for this local bar......South Decatur and W. Pyle Ave.  Whatever you do.....keep heading south on S. Decatur until you see Distill sign on your left.Anyway, the service was really good.  Our waitress,Danielle was very attentive.  She made sure our glasses were full and our plates were cleared when needed.  As for the food, I really enjoyed the fried mashed potato and the grilled chicken with vegetables. The chicken was very flavorful!  The vegetable was cooked just right!    As my stress reliever drink from getting lost trying to find the bar......it was so soothing and comforting that I forgot about being stressed out!!  LOL ( I had the Cinnamon Apple Sour- Infused Orange Cinnamon Whiskey, Redd's Apple Ale and Sour.)I enjoyed my dinner and service.  I would recommend this bar to my friends and family.  Looking forward to visiting again!
5	Came for the grand opening party last night with a friend. The food and drinks were pretty good...but what impressed me the most was the extremely helpful and very friendly staff!!! It blows my mind that even during a busy grand opening celebration, one can get EXCELLENT customer service!! Not once did I hear our waitresses say "I'm sorry but as you can see it is a busy night" There was never an excuse for them not being able to serve us properly!! Impressive!! My friend's champagne glass had a chip n crack on the rim, and she almost cut her lip!! She did not notice the chip, until her glass was almost half empty, and she felt the sharp edge on her lip. The staff immediately took care of it by replacing my friend's glass and filling it with ANYTHING she wanted to drink...on the house!! We left a very nice tip and we will come back!! Great neighborhood bar!! On a side note: The photographer hired for the night was great!! Very charismatic!!
4	The food we had was pretty good, chicken street tacos and chicken quesadilla, and the drinks were reasonably priced. The music was a mix of classic rock and current country, which we liked. Atmosphere is really nice and we are hoping this will be our new hang out come football season. Excited they are in the neighborhood. The parking lot is a bit small, and the place can be hard to find or seem out of place just sitting off by itself.
4	Great spot, nice decor. Not smokey which is a huge plus for a gaming bar. The menu looks great and they serve breakfast all day. My only knock....how in the world do you not have any Mexican beer on draft? It's the little things;-)
1	This is the worst bar I've ever been to. I was looking forward to checking it out, but was extremely disappointed. It took ten minutes for us to be acknowledged, and when we finally were, I didn't even receive my drink at all. We were planning on ordering food, but couldn't get anyone to take our order. So after waiting for our bill for another twenty minutes, we left and will not be returning.
1	The one star is because that's the absolute minimum I can give. Sat at the bar near the POS for fifteen minutes, watching other guests who arrived after me receive immediate service. Finally was able to place an order, which the bartender Chris got wrong when he was repeating it back to me. He forgot to bring my girlfriend's drink, and we waited an eternity for the bill. I can't stress enough how angry I am to receive such dismal service. Will not be back.
4	It's definitely a plus that this bar is so close, and so far the service has been good and the menu is really great. Definitely looking forward to industry Wednesdays after 10PM, awesome food and drink specials with your industry ID. Favorite thing on the menu: Avocado Egg Rolls $7.99, Mashed Potato Bites are good too. Yum! Of course they are still working out some kinks, and I'm not super crazy about their beer selection, but I will hopefully be able to update to 5 stars soon. Yay for a new local bar!
3	Tried it out last night and I have mixed feelings. It was busy at 9:30pm on a Tuesday.  The decor is nice and they made a good use of the space. We tried the sliders and they were good. We sat at the bar and a bar tender came up and asked my husband if he wanted a drink but did not even acknowledge me.  My husband was then served a beer he did not ask for. Two of the other bartenders were very nice and clearly knew what they were doing. The bartender who ignored me then decided to ignore both us for the rest of our stay. Never refilled our drinks and we waited 20 minutes after hitting the cash out button before anyone came to check on us. There was a forth bartender who was good at collecting plates and glasses but didn't ask if we needed anything else. I will probably give them one more chance since they are new.
5	Food awesome!  I loved the street tacos and the calamari.  This place has a great vibe.  Love the decor and great tunes are playing on the juke box.  Bartenders were attentive and very friendly.  The place is great!  I'll be back!
4	I'm a fan.  Great atmosphere and the Philly CheeseSteak sandwich was very good.  I ordered it with the sweet potato fries and to my surprise they weren't greasy and I devoured them fast!  Nice hardwood floors all around, nice seating when you want to chill with a group of friends and PLENTY of awesome HD TV's all over the place.  There were a few smoking and I didn't smell anything (thank goodness- hate cig smell).  I'll be back for more!Oh before I forget, there's plenty that can't find the venue or it's 'hard to find.'  Goodness how do you people survive?!  Don't blame the venue on the maps systems not having it in their database yet.  Here's some advice- use your brain the old fashioned way.  You can see the location on their FB like page.  At night it's lit up VERY well by the signs and the words on the building.  I could see it from the intersection of Silverado Ranch and Decatur easily.  Since this part of Vegas doesn't have many street lights, slow down and you'll see the side street Pyle that your turn on from Decatur.
5	Just meet Chris general manager and he is awesome!  Bathrooms are small but there are two. Food is fantastic!
5	I work extremely long hours in the Las Vegas area.. I have always been pleased with the service from Remedys and was excited to learn of the new opening in the Southern Highlands area... Distill in Southern Highlands has surpassed my expectations.. I have never been so disappointed in the high priced bad service and out right rude service from The Lodge ( in southern highlands).. The Lodge has been getting away with this for years.. I am so glad that Distill has opened.. The bartender not only smiled but I didn't have to ever ask for anything she was on top of things and the bar was so busy I'm impressed. I will be returning  in the future to Distill... I absolutely love it.. Way to go crew....
1	Awful experience. I waited forever to order a drink & told them I wanted to order food and was given the wrong drink that tasted horrible & then ignored to fix the problem with the drink & ignored for my food order. Finally upon getting service, they got me a new drink & messed up my food order & overcharged me. I let them know & they said oh! No apology! Upon getting home, no butter or honey for the cornbread & no salsa for the tacos & they look like they were shaken up in the box!
3	Place is really nice and pretty good service so far.  It would be nice if they got rid of the crappy draft domestic beer and put more craft beer on their 24 taps.  It would also help if the bartenders were actually educated on the craft beer they do serve on draft.
1	(Gamblers warning) Man oh man!!! This may be long winded but needs to be said.   On Aug 26th I met my boyfriend at 5pm while he ate and played four card keno. I put in a $20 bill and asked to change 10 ones for a $10 bill. I received 2 $5's which is obviously fine but somehow the machine registered $30 dollars as  $23.75 and not $30!! I was confused because I didn't even touch a button?!! The bartender/GM called the slot tech and told me it would be 10mins. PSH! An hour and 45m it took!  I had 3 drinks within almost the two hours I waited. Finally they figured it out that between the $20 I put in and the 2 $5s I put in they said there was 6 hands played??!!!! What the hell!?! They eventually gave me my money because it was obviously something wrong with the machine. After that was resolved I started to play and I ordered a cocktail. Once I gambled my $30 I put in another $20 and ordered another cocktail. When the bartender brought me my drink she told me they started a tab for both my drinks cuz I only played $30. Huh? I told her I just put in another $20 and it made me feel like I needed to gamble more money. Meanwhile my boyfriend was playing 4 card keno since he got there. The whole time he was winning and losing but apparently not enough for any of his drinks to be comped. The bartenders are always checking their phones which you can clearly see they're texting or checking Facebook  and for whatever reason couldn't ever remember my boyfriend's Sam Adams, but they did make sure they remembered to charge us for all our drinks? After putting  $80 into the machine and being charged for my drinks I had enough of putting my money into their machines! So here's our bill. We were basically told we didn't gamble enough?! Although my boyfriend was winning and losing and played $90 himself!! We were very surprised when we got the bill and tried to explain the money we played to Chris the GM/Bartender. He took my 3olives off the bill but why did I have to even justify that to them.!      I've seen plenty of players drink tons and play as much as us and NOT get a bill for almost as much as they put in!!! Crap!
5	I was highly impressed with the food. I expected typical bar food, but I couldn't believe how good my chicken breast dinner was. The potato medley that came with it was excellent. I asked for the creamy dijon sauce on the side. I am a health-conscious eater. One of the bartenders asked me how I liked it, and she said how much she loves the food there and gave me an extra tip. She said she orders the chicken "dry", to avoid the oils/butter they use when making it. She also recommended the egg white omelette. Breakfast is served all day, so that is awesome. I will definitely be getting the chicken dinner again and I will be trying an egg white omelette sometime.  Atmosphere is cool. Service was good. Beer selection is decent, but I'd prefer even more craft beers. Great addition to Southern Highlands, and I am looking forward to many visits here.
4	Not a bad little place, we've been 3 times now since it opened and haven't had an issue. The food is good, very reasonable prices, beers are only $5 for a tall domestic. Nice decor, and plenty of room for sitting or hanging out. Two pool tables and a TouchTunes for music. Happy Hour from 3-6pm & 3-6am for all your drinking needs.
2	not sure what I'm missing but 2 visits so far and not impressed! I was there the first weekend and service was awful. food was so so but i found it and cocktails pricy.But its new and was very crowded. i understand. Tried again last nite and not much better! service was better but not very friendly. this was noticed by all 4 of us there for dinner. Again not impressed with food and drinks are pricy for what tbis place is! glad to pay but make it worth it. i live very close and was excited to have it in our area. i will try again because i want it to be good and its close. i will review again.
4	Two of us went on a Sunday night just for appetizers and drinks and to check the place out. I was a little worried it would be hard to find because there isn't much in Southern Highlands, but it's well lit. The only suggestion I would have is to put a sign right on Pyle and Decatur so that Pyle is easier to find. The bar was pretty full so we sat at a table. Server arrived right away with menus. The specialty drinks all looked pretty good. As far as cost they were a little more expensive than I expected but not Strip prices by any means. We ordered the Distiller's Delight and the Mad Mule. Both were tasty. We also ordered the mashed potato bites and the crab bites. The crab bites were a little on the pricey side but they were tasty as well. The mashed potato bites were bomb. I could have eaten another order of those if I had been so full. Our server was attentive, refilled our water, asked if we needed anything, so no complaints there. We moved to the bar after we ate as space had opened up. I overheard someone complain about how smoky it was, but I completely disagree. There were maybe three or four people smoking in the whole place. Bartenders were very attentive and checked on us several times. Really the only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars are the prices. If you live in the area I would suggest you give it a go! We will go back again for sure.
5	I heard that Distill was opening in Southern Highlands and was excited to have another option for food and cocktails in the South West.  The atmosphere was beautiful and really fun!  The service was great and we had a few people check in on us as the night went on.  We ordered cocktails and a few appetizers and I was impressed!  The cocktail menu was a little different and right up my alley.  We ordered the street tacos (which were some of the best I have had in a bar type atmosphere) and the mashed potato bites (so decadent and delicious). I'm happy!  We will definitely be back.  Next time for happy hour!
3	Ive been to the one in Summerlin and really dig the layout and patio especially and was/ hoping they did something similar with this location....nope! Walking from the side door that said restaurant entrance i felt like i was put in time out as everybody was in and around the bar and i had to eat in the glass bubble. I can appreciate this was to separate the smokers from the non but still a little weird layout as it really looked like i was in an aquarium by myself. The service was just ok, a little too much standing around and gossiping for me (should be done out of sight of guests). And the food is similar menu to Summerlin with basic bar food and nothing that really screams.... gotta come back for that except the dessert. Bread pudding ... YES! no raisins...YES the the 3rd power. Id come back but not that often... id actually drive to Summerlin from SW to have the layout and atmosphere more comfortable then to come back to this location.
5	Came here for the first time tonight. From the outside the bar looks pretty cool with a lot of signage. Inside was pretty busy and we found a table near the bar. We were greeted immediately and asked if we knew what we wanted, however we just sat at the table so wanted to look at their menu. Server came back and I ordered an Redd's Apple with Fireball shot (25 oz) and my boyfriend ordered a beer. Another server or manager came over and checked on us. She was very friendly. We also ordered the medium chicken fingers with sweet potato fries. It was pretty good & yummy. I enjoyed my beer. It was recommended by a friend. The cinnamon from the fireball shot kind of made my Apple cider taste a "little" like Apple pie. Anyway, we received great service. They were very attentive and friendly. Also chatted with us. Plus the food came pretty quick. So that was good because I wanted to eat while I drank. The atmosphere was cool. Not smokey in there at all or anything & had nice decor and lighting. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves there. I think there was also a birthday party going on in the lounge area. They also have pool tables & gaming machines in there.
5	Absolutely love this place, wonderful atmosphere and great workers!! Food has been great! Been back twice already, and tell everyone about it!! Great addition to southern highlands!
4	The infused whiskey is my favorite beverage at this restaurant! Looking forward to more choices of this style!! The food is bar food with some twists however the exemplary service is what makes this spot stand out! Look out Lodge there's a new place to choose.
4	You'll need a compass and Dora the Explora's map to find this place, but it's worth the trip. Distill is definitely going for that 30 something crowd with its old school video games and "loungey" vibe. This is enhanced with multiple large cozy chairs and soft couches lining one side of the bar. To quote my GF, "it didn't feel like a sleazy Vegas bar". This is true, the sleaze factor in here is low, but so is the excitement level...which isn't a bad thing. Sometimes you just wanna sit in a dimly lit location, drink a few craft cocktails, and just chill with friends. The decor is modern influenced with giant letters, canvas "paintings" and random light bulbs on the walls that you're starting to see everywhere. Distill is also very clean, which sadly can be a troublesome thing to find with most local bars in the Valley. The staff here are super attentive and make sure you've always have something in your hand; my glass was never empty for more than a minute. I was going to give this place a 3 star rating, but the food won me over and welcomed that coveted extra star. I'm not a big carb lover, but this place got me right in the feels; fried Mashed Potato Bites and Mini Soft Pretzel Bits, yowza! These might have had meth in them cause I just couldn't stop eating; then I found myself getting fired up when finished them. My food anger only subsided when the Seared Mahi and Carne Street Tacos were placed in front me. These were good, but I definitely have had better seared fish and street tacos. Trust me go with the Mashed Potato Bites you won't be disappointed!If your not hungry try the "Distiller's Delight", a very good and refreshing drink for a whiskey based cocktail. It has Bulleit Whiskey, orange bitters, Sprite, and some other tasty items. Very good in my whiskey drinking book. Great especially after a long day in the Vegas heat. Distill is a great spot for a laid back weekday night cap or for the upcoming football season. They have copious amounts of TVs. Party on dudes!
5	First time we came here was for the opening and it was a blast ! Had a great time with friends and yummy apps , decided it's only fair to try it out again before I write a review . Me and my  boyfriend came here after work for some food and drinks , I was craving their infamous mozzarella triangles we ordered those chicken wings and fish and chips .our bartender Aby suggested the fish n chips over another thing on the menu we were in between and let me just say I'm not the biggest fan of fish n chips but this order was amazing the fish was so fluffy and the batter was incredible ! Thanks again ! The wings were just as great and the mozzarella triangles never disappoint ! The service was great everyone behind the bar was so nice and helpful (for as busy as the bar was ) which was awesome I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area :)
5	Great place, came here tonight to pregame for the night and to get some food. From the road it has a good location, stands by itself with awesome signs that you can see clearly. There is plenty of parking and the outside looks nice.Inside is a rectangle center bar that is pretty big in size, has alot of seating along the walls with booths and chairs. You seat yourself but the servers greet you very quickly. The drink selection is great and the menu has a big variety of food. The prices are pretty awesome, 4$-$20, for appetizers to full meals. They carry craft beers and the normal beers. Have great sounding cocktails. They have a good music selection and it's not too loud inside. Many televisions and casino games to be entertained by, they also have arcade games and 2 pool tables! They have a personal jukebox for the entire place where the customers play the music they want. Just download the app. Nice atmosphere with cool lighting. They even have a nonsmoking area. They got a cool lounge area with classy seating. The booths are very well made too. Highly recommend this bar to everyone, tourists and locals. Will definitely be coming back here! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED  for a great night out without breaking the wallet!
3	On the next episode of Cougar Town...I mean wow, this place is it in Southern Highlands for social action. Place was packed!Used to be an Italian place which was pretty bad, Distill certainly upped the ante with the whole reclaimed wood, Edison bulb feel that seems to be the go to look for a restaurant that wants to be "different." Layout is clean, good place to watch games with multitude of screens, pool tables, and an enclosed dining area. My food experience was a bit of a letdown though. Had the fish tacos with it being rubbery and over seasoned. My wife had probably the most disappointing fish and chips ever--soggy and greasy. I mean, it's fried guys, hard to mess up. We have a theory that it sat at the pass and just drowned in its own oil. The positive was service where they recognized our displeasure and comped us the meals. I'm going to give them a pass and will try them again, chalk it up to it being new. Anyway, they are trying. Next time I'll just sit at the bar, have drinks, and enjoy the view...rraaar.
1	Awful. Just awful. If your a gamer who eats while playing don't even bother with this place. Service was ok but the food was disgusting. I mean I had to send my food back!!!We were glad that there was a new place that opened in S.H. but this place is a total let down. I think they spent most of their budget on marketing. What a waste! Looks good inside but service and product is crap.
5	This place is GORGEOUS. Right down the street Food is great and service is excellent. They have many excellent promotions when you get their card.its very hip and trendy and open and clean.
3	Bartenders are not attentive unless a customer(not me) hits a royal. Three work a shift and cannot handle less than 25 customers.  Also cannot deal with players cards.  Took over 30 mins to get one.. Then  misplaced the next time we go in and we have to get another one. Not organized.
3	Great food, awesome atmosphere. We needed this in southern highlands. Great service in the bar area but the restaurant service needs improvement
4	I really like the look and atmosphere of this bar. I felt immediately comfortable there. Decent beer selection, craft cocktails, and bar food that is surprisingly good. I had the mashed potato bites. Who doesn't like deep fried mashed potatoes stuffed with cheese accompanied by a Chipotle sour cream dip and ranch? The chicken tacos were not bad either.Service was really attentive the first time. The servers checked up on us often. It is your standard Vegas bar - two small pool tables, plenty of TVs to watch sports, some tables for groups, a video poker bar area, a more sophisticated lounge area with sofas, and a separated dining area if you just want to eat in a non-smoking environment.
4	Finally got into Distill. Been watching them remodel the place. Went with 2 friends, we all enjoyed the atmosphere. We ate in the smoke-free area. The service was very good and the food above average. I had the French Dip and want to go back! My friends also enjoyed their selections.
1	Would never recommend! They get one star for keeping the ice cold. We stopped by on a Thursday evening to check out this new place. What a waste of time and money. The staff lacked any kind of professional customer service. Almost down right rude at times. Gamers DEMAND a higher level of service after putting in hundreds of dollars into their machines. Unacceptable! The food was awful. I am not a picky eater, but distill probably has THE worst food of any bar I've been to in Las Vegas. How do you F'up bar food? Really? Food was very bland and tasted like it came straight from a tin can. Which it probably did. I am all about supporting local business, but I'm sorry I will never go back nor will I recommend this bar/restaurant to anyone. If you are a gamer, don't even bother here. Way too many option within minutes of this location. You only get one first impression and they failed. Miserably.
1	After reading some of the mixed reviews we decided to check out Distill for ourselves. Things started out great but quickly went downhill. First off the place is nice with a huge bar area and lots of TV screens. We sat in the restaurant area during happy hour and started with the Mashed Potato bites-and they were great, had a couple of HH beers and wells drinks to go with our food. We all got different sliders with sweet potato fires. One of the fries was very dark and the others which looked freshly made were hot but loaded with salt. The sliders could have been made out of cardboard as we never tasted anything so dry. The chicken cordon blu sliders was a chicken tender topped with the driest ham ever. We could barely eat any of them and decided to take them home to the dog and see if he could choke them down. Our waitress disappeared after we got our food and we sat for at least 10 minutes before we asked another waitress for to-go boxes.  When the bill came it was wrong-our HH drinks were at full price, when she came back with a "corrected" bill it had some of the drinks corrected but added another at full price. Not wanting to waste anymore time  waiting for a correct bill,we deducted the overcharge from our bill out of the waitress's tip and left.
4	Great addition to the southern highlands area!Food was just ok, clearly a lot of frozen stuff and service was a bit slow for the place being empty when I went. But that said, I'm excited to go back and try some other things!
1	We love the food, our second time here. Unfortunately, we sat at the bar and the people just not friendly. We sat at the bar and I think the guys name is Chris, very antisocial, etc. But at least the food is great
5	An outstanding new addition to the Southern Highlands Bar scene. Staff is friendly and courteous and the food is great. The place is also configured well and you don't feel crammed or worried about having a place to sit.Pool tables are nice and parking was easy.We found our new place to hang out.
4	I only come for breakfasts on the weekend. I like to take my little girl out and we rotate between here, Rise and Shine, and The Lodge. Breakfast service is good. It is typically very slow so it's easy to get attentive service. At bars I typically get bacon and eggs. At Distill that also includes hash browns and toast. They are both fine. I believe the hash is probably frozen, but it is still tasty. There is no kids breakfast on kids menu so order one egg and bacon side a la cart for my 4 year old. Works out well for us as hash and toast is a lot of starch and we can split that easily enough. Coffee has always been good. I take it with two creams so have to remember to remind server to bring more cream with refill (they consistently bring 3 with first cup). Only real complaint - Door faces east and metal handle is not covered. Really?! It's Vegas that metal gets hot. Cover it for goodness sake. Bottom line I'll keep coming here for breakfast.
2	The service was terrible! I went with a group of friends for a bon voyage lunch. It took them almost an hour to get me my iced tea. We had to practically beg for silverware.  Our food arrived after about 40 minutes.  They completely forgot one of our group members order and they charged an extra 1.50 to someone who ordered extra gravy. Despite everything we went through the servers did not so much as demonstrate a hint of empathy. They didn't seem to care at all. That was the worst part if it. I am not exagerating. I definitely will not be going back.
1	Has the potential to be awesome, but unfortunately extremely disappointing.  Bartenders were awful, not nice, and had no idea what they were doing. Medium rare burger came out well done, with cold fries. It wasn't even busy in there and the whole staff looked flustered. Will not be returning.
2	So we are local Southern Highlands residents since 2001 and we were excited to see Distill open up.  A new bar and restaurant so close to home. So the good news...great sports bar.   Cold beer, great setup, nice servers, clean, open and airy!  Perfect local hangout.   The bad news. ..The food is HORRIBLE...ordered pretzel bites and medium wings.  Pretzel bites were clearly frozen and reheated, gloppy poor excuse for cheddar cheese and a disgusting "homemade" beer mustard that was a soupy gross mess...sent that back.  Wings were ok...sauce was a little too vinegary.   Ordered avocado egg rolls at Servers recommendation. ..bad idea...it was a wonton wrapper filled with guacamole. ..looked gross...kinda like baby poop in a wonton wrapper.  Had zero texture and was just gross.  So we will be back for beer and cocktails..only.  Sadly I feel like they could have done better.
3	Went for a late lunch with friends at the bar. The bartenders a really nice and attentive but the food is lacking. The pretzel bites were way too chewy and tasted microwaved and the dipping sauces were not good. Hoping the kitchen improves as it's a good location and the staff are nice.
4	Went last night and it was much much better. Why, well we were attended to promptly and checked on. Ordered the Nachos which were delicious! Way to step it up all the way around.
2	Walked into Distill and thought we'd walked into Eden. This is my first and last visit. Decent prices during football hrs so we were planning on being there at least 3 hrs. Until about maybe 30 mins into it when I was asked to move from a unique (1 of 2) machine at the bar so a woman (who had just won and cashed out a decent amount, I can assume at the other,) wanted to play where I was sitting. Not one for playing a a machine while my hands are dirty, due to the appetizer sampler that had arrive 5 mins prior, I was waiting to play until finished. Though my boyfriend next to me was playing his machine, and having already been asked if we were playing, I was asked to move to a different seat. Thoroughly upset I was too polite to say no and speak my mind. Felt it appropriate to add as well the women's restroom was in poor order. One of the two stalls was not only out of paper but had toilet seat covers covering the floor of the stalls. As accidents and people happen, I would have not paid attention to this if weren't for the fact I could hear myself even speak out loud due to the loud music. I don't often mind this being in my mid 20's but really?As good as the food was (reason for the 2nd star), and as regular as we would have become living and working just down the road, we won't be returning. Which is saddening since Molly's closed and the food was good. Don't expect to stay in the seats you may choose or get common courtesy in this establishment unless it's from Brianna.
4	I love coming here. Good food and just a great place to kick it with your friends. Also the bartenders and wait staff are really cool. Next time I'm coming here with a cigar.
5	We just had dinner at Distill and it was exceptional! I was extremely excited for Distill to open especially because I knew it was owned by the same people that own Remedys. The food was so so yummy! I had the gyro and it was so much better than I even imagined. The meat was so tender and the pita was warm and soft! It was really good. We also had the fish and chips, beef tips and country fried chicken sliders! It was all really good. Everyone just kept commenting on how good the food was. We love that there is a separate entrance and section for the restaurant so you can bring your kids. We had Megan as our server and although she was busy she was extremely sweet, attentive and all around a really great server! A couple other ladies also came to our table to help with things and everyone was beyond friendly and attentive!! Definitely will be going again and again!! We really loved it!   So ecstatic to have Distill in our neighborhood! We needed another good place in the area.
4	I really do like this place a lot! Been waiting for a cool local hang out and this fits the bill!  I have been there 4 times now and have had very friendly attentive service every time.  Love love love the Mad Mule cocktail :). The food is pretty good too.  Didnt care for their salsa or their avacado egg rolls but really enjoyed their fried artichoke hearts (minus the mayo dipping sauce-surely you can come up with something a little more creative).  The fried calamari was excellent! Not rubbery and not overcooked-perfect coating-nice and crispy-yummy.   Prices are what you'd expect at a place like this meaning it was reasonable.  Super cool bar area!! Cozy and inviting.
5	Amazing aesthetically the joint was on point. Very warm and welcoming staff. Seems most of the food is a recipe made in house and not a typical frozen deep fry from a crackhead with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth and his belly on the griddle. We occupied the bar and was greeted by a very friendly bartender who explained the menu...food and drinks. They have a vast selection of beer and hand crafted cocktails. We had simple appetizers. Chicken fingers which were on point with amazing honey mustard and homemade bbq sauce. The medium hot sauce for dipping is pretty tasty too. Dessert was amazing. I highly recommend the bread pudding. Definitely our new spot!
5	My Monday and Thursday night home. Erin and Alysia both are awesome servers. Won a jersey! Good times!
2	Sitting at the bar with an empty bucket over 10 mins is never a good sign of service. Needs help with recognizing customers needs over fraternization
4	Very clean. Great atmosphere. Excellent beer battered fish & chips. No disappointments.
3	Loaded pints- cool idea. Take your 16 or 25 oz draft and top it with a "floater" Bacardi, vodka, liqueur. I had Great White with Marilyn Monroe and hubby Great White with mandarin. Spiced up the beer a bit. Food is - bar. Slightly overpriced. Calamari are equivalent to chicken fingers. Ahi - 2 oz for $12. Pretzel bites were pretzel bites. Pickle straws were mediocre. The bar is smokey and the "restaurant" is mini and enclosed in glass. From the bar the restaurant looks like a feeding zoo! Out of the 6 items we ordered (including drinks) they were out of 2. Cool light fixtures. Nice staff. Would return if I was taking someone home from the airport on a late night flight who lived in southern highlands and we needed a bite.
4	Service was really helpful and friendly. The Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich was delicious. The fries could be better, crispier. I'm looking forward to trying other things, there were several I was considering. The dining area is pretty small.
5	I've been visiting Distill for a few months now, and I have nothing but good things to say. I'm here mostly for the pool tables and Sunday Ticket however the gorgeous interior and friendly staff are equally important. Tonight, a very friendly server named Maria motivated me to write a review because she made me feel right at home even though I wasn't ordering anything. The crew is great, drinks are reasonably priced and the pool is cheap. Come check it out! Bonus: this joint isn't smoky like most gaming bars, it's really well ventilated.
2	There was some ridiculously high expectations for this place coming in due to a friendly recommendation about an awesome happy hour and great mashed potato bites. After those two items .. nothing else is even worth mentioning. Mediocre soups lacking any kind of seasoning and a dry BLT that left my girlfriends face sadder than the amount of bacon on her sandwich. The worst part of all was the customer service. Our waitress was designated to the restaurant section away from the bar and struggled to manage the few tables that exist in this section. She managed to make us wait 15 minutes prior to greeting us or taking our drink down followed by an additional 15 minutes for delivery. This place was an embarrassing experience to say the least . I wouldn't recommend it unless I was already hammered looking for good bar food to sober up.
1	This is the frat time eating here near our house in southern highlands and the service was good but there is a very rude loud mouth cook yelling from in back. I was hoping for a new favorite place but this will never be. Will not return
5	Great service, loose machines, good food, cool atmosphere. What more do you want in a local bar! Also music on point!
