5	For a long time I dreamed of going to Lo-Lo's.  I'd heard about it from others like some sort of ancient mythology - it sounds amazing and fantastical but you know it can't really be true.  When it comes to Lo-Lo's - believe the hype.Finding Lo-Lo's: I've driven down Central SO many times and never known how close I really was.  Then one day I saw an arrow spray painted on the side of the building.  "Lo-Lo's this way!"  It took a few minutes to realize that that must be THE Lo-Lo's.  I started talking about it w/ friends and we decided we needed to go.  I confirmed the address and the 3 of us set off for flavor adventure.  Yes, you turn at the arrow (Which you only see when driving North on Central) and it's not much at all past that - but don't expect any huge signs, valet service - or even a parking lot.  You'll park right out on the street - and on a busy night that means you may need to walk a bit.Entering Lo-Lo's:  Stepping through the doors = Waiting area.  Taking 2 steps into Lo-Lo's = Standing in front of someone's table while they are eating.  You can tell this used to be someone's house - and it was a small house at that.  There are just a few "rooms" for seating - and the largest has 5 tables.  Our first time there we sat in the room that has just two tables - a 4 and a 2 top - but it's also where the cash register is, where folks pick up to go orders, where they refill the drinks/silverware, where they store extra items that were purchased in bulk and has the doorway to the kitchen and you have to walk through that room to get to the other rooms.  In some places you might think this was the worst table in the house.  At Lo-Lo's I would disagree with you.  We got to listen in on the best conversations and we had the best view of all the amazing food going to the different rooms.  The Food:  Sweet Tea served in a big Mason Jar.  SOLD!  It was awesome and the refills kept coming.  Soul Food without Sweet Tea is just wrong to me.  As for the rest of the Menu - it's not 30 pages long - in fact I'm pretty sure it's just one piece of paper written on both sides.  And yet it's still SO hard to choose.  The first time we went each of us got something slightly different.  Both my eating companions got some version of a meal that included both Chicken and Waffles.  I bucked the trend and got their Salmon Croquettes with Cheese Eggs, Grits and Waffles.  I could talk for days about how amazing their food is.  Best Eggs I'd ever had.  I am not a big egg person and I was craving these eggs again for a month.  The more I think about them the more I want to go.  The Salmon was amazing - I took one home and it was big enough I made myself a sandwich with it the next day.  The sides are all absolutely amazing.  The Greens have an amazing sweetness aftertaste that I am completely unable to describe.  The Chicken.  Oh, the Chicken.  Let's start w/ this.  I've always thought fried chicken was "ok".  I went with 2 folks who love fried chicken - and make their own family handed down recipes.  After their first bites it looked like they had found the holy grail.  It was the best fried chicken I'd ever eaten.  Guess what I've saved for last?  The waffles.  I always eat waffles or pancakes last for 2 reasons 1) They are SO sweet just like a desert and 2) I can only eat a few bites worth.  They are usually too sweet, too sticky, and very quickly mushy.  So, I spread around the butter (removing most of it of course) and drizzled it with some syrup.  It was the lightest, yummiest, buttery heavenly thing I'd ever had.  These were not just waffles.  These were Waffles.  I ate almost the whole thing.  As for Lo-Lo's desert menu - I've heard great things about their Red Velvet cake - but I've never quite been able to get that far into my meal and still order more.  Maybe next time.Service: We've always had great service.  Servers are usually young and have that "I'm working at my uncle's restaurant for the summer" quality - but they are fast, knowledgeable and quick on the refills. Atmosphere: If you are from certain parts of the valley - Lo-Lo's may be a bit of a culture shock.  Yes, it is quite possible if you are of the Caucasian persuasion - you may be the only one there during your entire meal.  I've heard some folks say they would be "afraid" to go because of that.  My thought?  Get the heck over it.  Should a black person be afraid to go to AZ 88 or Flemings because they might be the only black person there?  Heck no.  And wouldn't you think they were silly for even thinking it?  Exactly.Overall: Prices are good.  I honestly can't remember how much anything costs.  I blame the food.  But I do remember thinking "wow, is that all?" every time we go.  Location is downtown - just minutes from AWA.  Food is out of this freaking world.  Calorie content is... well...  it's not something I like to think about.
5	How they do it, I don't know, but their waffles, which must be the best on the planet, don't even really need syrup.  Not that syrup hurts.  I think it's all the butter that ends up on everything.  The fried chicken really can't be beat either, but I just can't stop thinking about those waffles.If I lived next door, I'd have to exercise about four hours a day to burn those 50,000 calories.This from their website: "Since Lo-Lo's has been open they've offered catering service for the likes of the Arizona Cardinals, Angie Stone, Mary J. Blige, Anthony Hamilton, the Whispers, Snoop Dogg, Allen Iverson, Steve Francis, and members of the Chicago Cubs. ... Shawn Marion, whose birthday cake was made at Lo-Lo's, calls Sandy Sand's Red Velvet Cake one of his favorites."I don't know how I didn't make the list, but count me in.
5	Whoa. Those were some damn good waffles. I recommend spooning half of the butter off your grits, cause once it melts there's not room in the bowl for the both of them!
4	I wouldn't have been able to find Lo-Lo's without GPS...but now that I have, I'll definitely be going back.The southern fried chicken was crunchy, tasty, finger lickin' good (take that KFC)...and the thin buttery waffle also had a nice crisp edge, although next time I'm gonna try for extra crispy waffles...the mac & cheese was velvety smooth & rich...my first bite of rice & beans was an epiphany - the savory sauce was a perfect contrast against the sweetness of the waffles and crusty corn muffin - I now know that I have never truly had rice and beans before Lo-Lo's.But my favorite was actually the fried catfish...dusted with cornmeal for a dry (not oily) crunch into oh-so tender flaky catfish.  I would have loved to order another one, but I was bursting.  However, as I went up to pay, I could not help but notice that luscious hunk of Red Velvet cake slathered with cream cheese frosting and studded with walnut...I gave into the siren call and ordered a piece to take home.  Unfortunately, the cake turned out to be a bit of a letdown despite being plenty moist - no taste of chocolate to be found and the icing was a tad thin.The other thing I didn't like was the coffee, which was kind of watery...but hey that's kinda authentic too.The waitress was friendly and attentive.  When we told her that our eggs still had not hit the table even though we were almost done with the rest of the food, she offered us a choice of any side to take home.   This kind of service is rare and is also why I want to go back.
4	I would be remiss to review Mrs. White's and not mention Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles (Lo-Lo is Mrs. White's Grandson).  This is yet another of my favorite comfort food locals that I have to make sure I partake in moderation to avoid turning into a lineman for the Cardinals.  It is just soooo good it will call you back again and again.  Like Mrs. White's the chicken is amazing but the can't miss item to me is the waffles.  Standing tall above the ordinary waffle I taste a hint of nutmeg, cinnamon and Vanilla that is mouthwatering when served fresh and piping hot.  Come hungry because the portions are big especially one of my favorites KK's plate, a mind numbing amount of food that is just what the doctor ordered after a night on the town.  Also like Mrs. White's the lemonade is homemade and  is served in a large mason jar.  The ambiance is very stripped down and simple but welcoming.  It can be hard to find at 10 West Yuma street, just south of downtown a couple buildings west of Central Avenue.  As a side note I personally am not threatened by the neighborhood but I can see where some might not feel comfortable so consider yourself informed.
5	I'm a vegetarian, but even I still can't decide when I come to Lo-Lo's.  The food is just a big juicy heart attack waiting to happen, but by God, if you're gonna go, go out in style.  Love!
4	The waffles were good and sweet, the staff was friendly and the atmosphere was down to earth.  The only real drawback and it is a drawback, is we had to wait outside for a good twenty minutes in the late summer afternoon.  There is not waiting room and if the place is full when you get there you have to wait out on the sidewalk.
5	Even though I spent most of my formative years in the south, I have never in my life had fried chicken and waffles in one sitting.I have been missing out!The chicken was so good, I wanted more despite being totally full. The waffles were buttery, sweet, and yummy. Oh! And the macaroni cheese... *gasp* The sweet tea is VERY sweet. My friend was in the know, however, because he ordered half-regular and half-sweet which STILL tasted way too sweet for me.The saltiness of the fried chicken mixed with the sweetness of the waffles is an unholy and remarkable combination.Make sure you get there early because the line is long. However, the service is very good (even if she did serve me last because I was wearing a Steeler's jersey the day they played the Cardinals. It's why  I was in Phoenix). I could happily commit suicide by coronary here.
5	I thought my co-workers were pulling me leg until I actually saw the sign at Lo-Lo's for the first time. Chicken and waffles?!? People do that? It seemed like a cultural tradition I really needed to start embracing.And if you make the trip and are prepared to wait around an hour in eager anticipation of such a feast, you will be well rewarded for your efforts. It's a converted house without much in the way of seating and usually plenty of people ready to raise their cholesterol levels a couple notches. We've even had several celebrity sightings going there to add to the commotion. As such, you typically wait 30 minutes for a table at lunch time unless you get there early. You will also likely spend an hour or more at the table with the glacial Southern service.You have to get chicken and waffles the first time you go, preferably with a side and some of their red velvet cake to go. But they have several other unhealthy options and a good amount of breakfast food if that's what your in the mood for. But make no mistake, there is NO healthy option at this place. Don't go there unless you are ready to indulge.I would also strongly recommend NOT going there with large groups. I see there are 4 votes for "Good for Groups" for this place. That is insane. There are hardly any tables and large groups bring the place to grinding halt. Go with 4 or 5 people max.
4	Every once in a while, you just need to enjoy good southern cooking.I was taken to Lo-lo's while visiting Phoenix.The Sweet Tea is served in a mason jar and comes with a diabetic attack. I had the Betty Bop - fried chicken breast and waffle. The waffle was really the stand out portion of the meal, but the two did work together.You don't have to get the chicken and waffle combo. But come on, don't be like that.We went Friday before lunch, and we were sitting and eating in 10 minutes, but from the looks of the other reviews, that isn't normal.
5	This place is perfection! After going a few times with my boyfriend, I can see how one could crave some chicken and waffles on a Sunday morning.  Don't sleep in too late though because you will wait if you hit the church crowd.  Don't skip the grits!
5	If I were to move out of Phoenix tomorrow, Lo Lo's would be the place that I would regretfully leave behind.  Its still pretty unbelievable to me that chicken n waffles is still a unique concept around the US -- this combo should be served at baptisms, first communions, bar mitzvahs, wedding, and wakes.  Indeed, every time is a good time for chicken n waffles.However, ONE specific time exceeds all the others.  That is, chicken n waffles as hangover food.  Nothing soaks up those poisons like a Tre Tre's platter with a side of grits and a Dr Pepper/Red Kool Aid.This is a perfect place to take out of towners, particularly because of what most consider a bizarre concept (until they try it .. then they're like all "ooooohhhhh") and for the cool southern-style coziness.
5	Gawd i love this place.  Anyone wanna meet me for chicken and waffles???I got lost the first time i went looking for it, but the search was well worth it.  GREAT chicken and real homemade waffles that put eggos to shame.Try the mac and cheese too.  I'm sure that if Lolos was closer to my house, i would gain 20 pounds
4	One delirious food coma, a heavy dollop of cholesterol, two thick slices of saturated fat and a mild case of diabetic shock, to go please!Translation: Let's split the sweet tea, a pile of fried chicken, some waffles, the fried okra, cheesy eggs with onions, a bowl of mac n' cheese and a slice of red velvet cake to go. Brimstone was on the air, a haunting violin dirge could be heard wafting through my head, and a sinking feeling settled at the bottom of my gut. We just made a deal with the devil and we didn't even know it. That or I was just too hungry to function properly.But I do know that I would do terrible, devious things in the name of these chicken and waffles. Pawnshops would know me by name and assume I had a hard drug problem, but my only addiction would be the sweet fried perfection of Lolo's Chicken and Waffles!Perfectly spiced, crisp but not overly battered, moist fried chicken that even Colonel Sanders would sell his soul for, provided he hasn't already done so in his quest for chicken dominance. Crunchy, buttery waffles with a hint of sweetness that are good on their own or smothered in warm maple syrup, that totally wipe the floor with those perpetratin' Waffle House hockey pucks.Creamy, cheesy, smooth and decadent mac and cheese. A tribute to the best of Granny's kitchen and an affirmation that Kraft should be drawn and quartered for their powdered cheese monstrosity.And sweet tea that quenches the thirst and makes your teeth hurt its so effing good! Or red Kool-aid, lemonade, fountain drinks, or regular unsweetened tea for you nonbelievers out there.Almost everything at Lolo's is done well, except for their red velvet cake. It's dense and moist but the devil's food taste (it's chocolate cake with about three bottles of red food coloring in it for those of you that think red is the flavor) is weak and the cream cheese frosting was so thin that there wasn't nearly enough to lubricate the bland, meaty red slice. It was a disappointment. But on the bright side, maybe this is confirmation that we didn't make a deal with the devil, cuz his cake was weak.
4	I would eat here everyday if I didn't think I'd end up 400 pounds...Minus 1 star because each time I've been here the service has kinda sucked and orders have been messed up.Regardless, their fried chicken on waffles topped with syrup and a slice of Red Velvet cake to top it off......... is sooooooo heavenly.
5	Well, after being browbeaten by everyone I know who has been there some friends and I finally decided to make the drive down town to try Lo Lo's.Following everyone else's advice here on Yelp we got there 10mins before they opened last Sunday. We were the 5th group in line and by the time the doors opened there was a pretty good sized line. As soon as we sat down I got up to use the bathroom (morning coffee works fast!) and noticed that EVERY table was full. I mean every table (this is approximately 45 seconds after opening the doors). Now, I worked in the restaurant business for over 5 years and that would have been a NIGHTMARE at any of the places I worked at. I was intrigued to see how they would handle it. They used a "shotgun" approach to serving, we saw at least half a dozen servers throughout our entire meal asking and getting us what we needed. The service was not notably friendly, but it was fast and efficient and there was almost always a server within earshot if we needed something. I have no complaints here, but I am relatively easy to please on the service side (probably the 5 years doing it myself ;)Anyway, on to the food, we all tried to order so that we could try all the "famous" items. So I ended up having some of each of the following: Chicken, Waffles, Grits, Cheese Eggs, and Fried Okra.I am going start at the best and move down. One caveat before we begin, I am not at all a fried chicken fan, I eat it on occasion but have never been excited about it or sought it out. 1.) The Chicken: It was absofreakinlutely amazing. I am talking breathtakingly good. I'm talking take a bite and then hold it out in front of you to look at it to make sure it is just a piece of fried chicken in your hand. It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside and not at all greasy. I don't know what they put in the batter but it was awesome. I am starting to salivate right now actually. I did try it true southern style with syrup on it, which was good, but I stopped because I felt the syrup was detracting from the overall flavor. I am not going to attempt to describe the taste, you are just going to have to go and try it for yourself; I will never do it justice. By FAR the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. All of this impression was with going in there with REALLY high expectations, if that tells you something.2.) The Waffles: Like I just mentioned, I went to Lo Lo's with really high expectations because of friends and Yelp reviews. I was not disappointed here either. They were very, very tasty, and even slightly exceeded my expectations. They are the best waffles I have ever had, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, smothered in butter and syrup YUM. I cleared my plate despite the physical pain of eating so much. I would go back here just for the waffles, but I have to admit, the margin by which the chicken exceeded my expectations was much larger.3.) The Grits: They were very good; I probably won't get them next time, not because they were lacking but because they would take up valuable chicken and waffle space in my stomach. My only previous experience with grits was in the Army, and obviously, this was an entirely different species of grits.4.) The Cheese Eggs: These were tasty, fluffy and cheesy, overall exceptional eggs. Mine got a little syrup and butter on them which actually were really good. I can't decide if I would forfeit more bits of chicken and waffles for them though =P5.) The Fried Okra: Also very good, and a great appetizer. We had a native Texan with us who is a rabid okra fan and she said they were the best fried okra she had ever had. For me though, they will likely go the way of the grits next time.For drinks we all got tea, mine was the only unsweet one (which was really good). The sweet tea fans in the group said it was the best sweat tea they have had in Arizona.Overall we got our food fast, our drinks stayed full and the food was phenomenal and even better than were expecting (and we were expecting greatness). I will now be a regular customer and am going to start browbeating my friends that haven't tried it yet to go with me ;)Lo Lo, I sincerely hope this restaurant has made you a wealthy man because it would be a crime if it hasn't.
5	My roommate & I went to Lo-Lo's on a random late Saturday morning.. and never wanted to leave. We waited about 20 minutes, the staff was great & incredibly friendly. The food.. oh the food. Frankly, we were completely useless the rest of the day after our ridiculously delicious meal.  We both agreed that they were the best waffles and the best fried chicken we had ever had, respectively. The sweet tea was so good, as well as the corn bread with real creamy butter. We had every intention of trying the red velvet cake, but it was sadly an impossibility. Next time!
5	My friend and I went here before a Suns game and waited 45 minutes to get in.  I knew this place was going to be good because all the famous sports players like Amare love to go there.  After the wait, we were allowed inside and we were starving.  We were instantly greeted by the owner/manager Larry White and he wasted no time getting us some sweet tea and Kool-Aide (I wish every place served Kool-Aide).  We both got the Lo Lo's plate which consisted of 3 pieces of chicken and 2 large waffles.  The food came out quickly and we didn't waste anytime chowing it down. The chicken was fantastically seasoned and breaded and the waffles were outstanding.  We were very satisfied with our meal and preceeded to the Suns game. Although the Suns lost by 30 points to the Pistons, the trip from Tucson was well worth it because of Lo Lo's.
5	One of the most unusual dining experiences of my life -- and fantastic! Chicken and waffles definitely work! I can also vouch for the red koolaid, mac-n-cheese, cornbread, and the smothered potatoes. If you're into grits I hear they are spectacular too.Just be wary of the neighborhood, after dark you might not make it out alive. (not likely they are open long after dusk anyway...)
5	Lo-Lo's has some of the best food you can find in Phoenix, and they honestly make the best Southern food I've ever had.  Their fried chicken is absolutely fantastic - it's just so moist and flavorful.  Their Mac 'N Cheese is also excellent.  Honestly, everything here is just really good - the only thing that disappointed me was that the cheese grits weren't quite as cheesy as I had expected them to be.  Still though, they were delicious.  If you're looking for good Southern food, this is absolutely the right place to go.
5	What can I say that has not been said already.This place is a Foodie's version of Crack!I was half way home when I wanted to turn around and go get me some more!OMG! It was just so delicious!! Starting with the giant mason jar of the coldest Ice Tea I've ever had and it was perfectly brewed not too strong or bitter. I got the unsweetened.I ordered a chicken breast with a waffle and a side of mac and cheeseEverything arrived steaming hot, even the syrup! I Love that!My waffle had a scoop of butter that was twice the size of a golf ball, The chicken was so crispy and flavorful, not too spicy or salty but just right, it wasn't even greasy.My Husband got the same with a side of cheesy eggs, He was lickin' his fingers and bobbin' his head.....so what does that tell ya!All in all it was the best we've ever had, We Will be Going back!After the withdrawals wore I off I slipped into a complete food coma and slept the whole way home!
5	We went for our first trip this morning. When we drove by at about 9:45 a.m. it looked abandoned. So we were not sure if it was still operating. After waiting for a few minutes a few folks started arriving so we figured it will open soon. When it opened we were really surprised how many tables it held as it looks like it might fit three at best. Now mind you it is not huge, but larger than it looks. There were five of us and we fit well. We were greeted by a very nice young lady. In fact I would say this place has the cutest staff around. What I mean by that is they were all smiling friendly adorable folks.We ordered our food and were attended to for drinks. Very large mason jars are used for the drinks and filled to the top. The food came. Four of us chicken and waffles and one had the rice and gizzards with gravy. We all loved the chicken, very tasty and quite crispy. Three of us liked the waffles, I being the dissenter. There was nothing wrong with them, it is just personal taste. I did not like the cinnamon added. We all took a bite of the rice and gizzards. Really good flavour with wonderful gravy. A good time had by all.
1	My experience here was great... until about 45 minutes after I ate. I devoured a golden brown waffle, two crispy and moist pieces of fried chicken and still had room for a few bites of buttery grits. On the way back to Mesa in the car, though, it all went wrong. I got super sick from Lo-Lo's chicken, and was holed up in bed for two days on my vacation with all the signs of food poisoning (i'll save you the gory details). I will never go back here and recommend staying away from this place, despite the great reviews.  It might be awhile before I can stomach any fried chicken again.
2	This is my first experience with chicken AND waffles. A bit too weird for me. Even after seperating it... eating the chicken first, then waffles... The chicken was sub-par, and the waffles were... eh...Seriously, everyone who gave this place 5 stars... have you guys/gals ever eaten at KFC? or IHOP? Now thats some good chicken and waffles.The sweet tea was good... I also got a stomach ache later on. I'm going to have to try Rosco's Chicken and Waffles... just to compare.
4	I heart you Lo Lo's~! From every bit of butter on my waffles to the HUGE sweet ice tea .. you have not disappointed me.  I had the best fried chicken with the best seasoning and the servers treat us like family. Always made sure we were taken care of and tummy's full. I wished you had better parking ... that is the only reason why I couldn't gave you  5 stars. Wait was about 30- 45 mins but it was worth it to me =)till next time ..
5	What can I say.. I got the #3 and a side of fried okra, It was good.   I tried my friends catfish, I'd have to say it was some of the best catfish ive had in a while.  I also sampled my other friends grits and rice and gravy.. MMM M.  The chicken was excellent, just the right ammount of fried and a great flavor, and the waffles were tasty.  As stated below, I wish the chicken pieces were a little bigger...but then it would hurt to finish my plate.
5	I had a fever and the the only thing to cure it was... more LoLo's chicken and waffles!I was actually there with Dave R. because we had a hankering for fried chicken. We both ordered #3's along with the red Kool-Aid. I opted for beans over rice and Dave had the fried okra. The chicken came out nice and hot with just the right amount of crispyness that's not from too much batter or coating, but from the right amount of frying. The waffles were the perfect compliment. The right amount of sweetness along with the heaping spoonfull of butter on top. The rice and beans were knid of put off to the side because of the "main event" but were tasty none the less.My only concern was the sweetness of the Kool-Aid. I couldn't remember the last time I had Kool-Aid, but I never remembering it being this sugary. Maybe my mom had the right idea and only put 1 cup of sugar in to mix. What, the recipe only calls for one cup?This was my 4th visit to LoLo's since moving out here last year. I was a regular at Roscoe's in Long Beach, CA and the only difference is in the waffle. Roscoe's puts cinamon in their waffle batter that gives it a unique taste. Also, unless you have been fasting for a week, the #1 is a lot of food! I finally learned my lesson and went for the #3 and I still couldn't finish my waffles.
5	The Kool-Aid hit the spot; nice and cold in a mason jar.  We were told the wait would be 30-45 minutes today when we arrived at 11:45 am (It's a Thursday.)  The wait ended up being only 10 minutes, but, after having eaten there, I would have waited the full 45.  My macaroni and cheese was great.  The cornbread, although a bit dry, totally hit the spot with the Kool-Aid.  The waffles and eggs (I ordered the "Lil Jay") were both hot and fresh and delicious.  Amazing!  I can't imagine a better place to eat in Phoenix.  Very inexpensive, and I took home my left-overs for later, because I won't waste a crumb of this delicious-ness!
5	For good comfort food, this is the best in Phoenix metro area.  I've been here a few times already and the food was always great.  Come hungry though because the portions are huge.  Having eaten chicken and waffles at Roscoe's in LA and some other places, I think Lo-Lo's comes away the winner!
3	There are two consistent tasting things on the menu. The chicken....and the waffles. Go figure! Don't get me wrong, its about the best soul food we have in the Valley. I'm from the Midwest and entire family is Southern...its certainly not the best I've ever had. In fact, not even close! But it'll do. Don't be mad Lo-Lo's lovers! You know I'm right about the inconsistent service and food. Your scrambled eggs will come out 5 min AFTER your main meal! IF you get them at all! Seriously!  The sweet tea is yum...although it will def put you in a sugar coma!!! Did anyone mention having to wait outside in the Summer at 110 degrees for an hour for a table? Bring a portable fan! LOL! But seriously, its great food! Just don't expect great service. Bon Appetite!
4	There are few places that I return to where I consistently eat as much as I can and then walk outside and dry heave (really the other only places are all-you-can-eat sushi joints).  LoLo's is good, very good, but not great.  The fried chicken is good; the skin is delicious.  The scrambled eggs w/ cheese and onions are amazing, but the waffles are just all right.  The people I go with tell me that the grits are fantastic, however grits don't do it for me.  The amount of butter, cheese, and fried goodness is probably enough to actually kill a small child, and certainly enough to send anyone and everyone into a food coma.  Of course you can get smaller portions than the 'K.K.' (3 pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, eggs, and grits), but why?!  They also serve Kool-Aid and sweet tea, but they're pretty much just liquid sugar (try half sweet tea, half regular).  And the "homemade" lemonade is definitely just made from those powder lemonade mixes.  There's usually a line, but I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes, and the service ain't great, but that hasn't really ever bothered me (I'm usually too excited for the chicken & waffles to let something like crappy service bother me).  All-in-all, it's a great place, especially if you're able to take a siesta afterwards (i.e., close the door to your office and pass out for an hour).  But I can't say it's better than Roscoe's in LA; I mean, come on, Roscoe's puts cinnamon in its waffle batter, so good .....
5	SOOOO Delicious.  I would have to say this is my new favorite restaurant. I'm so mad it took me this long to check it out. Lemonade is perfect on a hot day. The collard greens are AMAZING. You must try the collard greens.  One of the best meals I have had in a long time.
5	When I mention Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles to the uninitiated, I often get a reaction that chicken and waffles is an unusual combination. From a culinary point of view, chefs continually strive for balance. With Lo-Lo's you get balance between savory fried chicken and sweet waffles. It's like joy on a plate! For those in the know about Phoenix soul food, there is a fair bit of confusion about the link between Lo-Lo's and Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe. For the record, Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles is owned by Larry "Lo-Lo" White, the grandson of Mrs. White, the owner of Phoenix landmark Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe. Lo-Lo's is the best value-for-your-dollar restaurant in Phoenix. You can eat like a Soul Food King for $15 including your beverage (try half sweet tea and half regular iced tea to fend off the diabetic coma) and tip. I usually order the Betty Boop, which includes a fried chicken breast and a waffle. I make it real Betty Boop by adding a second breast. I'm always tempted by Aunt Hattie's Salmon Croquettes, but I invariably go for chicken and waffles instead because they are SO good! The fried chicken at Lo-Lo's is utterly delicious. Some reviewers have noted that it can take a while to get your food at Lo-Lo's. I challenge those detractors to fry chicken from scratch at home. Fried chicken is simply something that cannot be rushed. I fry my own chicken and it takes 18-20 minutes to fry a skillet of chicken. If you try to rush it, you burn the coating and skin and the meat does not cook through. Baring this in mind, I never complain if it takes a while to get my food at Lo-Lo's. Yes, there can be a bit of a wait when they're really busy, but I cannot express how happy I am not to be the poor soul slaving over a stove filled with skillets of frying chicken. Apparently some customers have tried to stop by Lo-Lo's in a rush to catch a flight at nearby Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport as they've posted a sign that reads:  "If you have a plane to catch, then maybe Lo-Lo's just might not be the place for you...PLEASE try us again when you have mo' time!  THX."Besides the chicken, the waffles are delicious as they're loaded with vanilla and they're crispy and brown on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. The warmed syrup adds that final touch of sugary goodness. You'll also see an eye-popping "dollop" of butter served with each waffle. This isn't a restaurant for the calorie-conscious, so spread the butter over your waffle, pour on the syrup, and dive in, honey!The side dishes at Lo-Lo's are worthy of attention on their own. The Collard Greens are sublime and they're my favorite. They're always perfectly cooked and spicy. Lo-Lo claims all the side dishes are vegetarian and if they are, I tip my hat to him. I'm a bit dubious because the collard greens taste like they're loaded with rendered bacon fat and that makes them oh, so tasty! The BF agrees with me on the question about the vegetarian sides, not that either of us cares. The Mac and Cheese is excellent if you get it when it's fresh and the sauce remains nice and creamy. If you get it after it's been sitting for a while, it becomes a bit too congealed. The Rice and Gravy is tasty because the gravy is the star and it does not disappoint. Fried Okra has been added to the menu and it's great. The BF relishes the Cheese Grits and Lo-Lo does not skimp on the cheese or butter. For dessert (or Sanny Sand's in Lo-Lo speak) Red Velvet Cake is a bit of a disappointment. Red Velvet Cake should be remarkably tender and the texture of the version at Lo-Lo's is unfortunately reminiscent of corn bread. The cream cheese frosting is good, but not good enough to offset the overly coarse texture of the cake. After everything else, dessert is pretty much superfluous at Lo-Lo's anyway. Enjoy a waffle as your dessert if you must indulge in a final course.This place is a true hole in the wall. If it seems small now with a grand total of 49 seats, imagine how tiny it was before they added the "west wing" as the six tables with 24 seats in the elongated room to the west didn't exist in the original footprint. However, this place has its own brand of ambiance and charm. Lo-Lo's walls in the room with the counter are lined with autographs of famous guests including Amare Stoudemire, Charles Barkley, Curly Neal, former Governor Rose Mofford, Larry Fitzgerald, Too Short, Ken Griffey, and WWII Tuskegee Airmen heroes.I like to go for what I call "Gospel Brunch." On Sunday mornings you'll get the added treat of watching folks in their Sunday best after church. You'll see some awesome outfits and some super-stylish hats. One of my favorite memories of Lo-Lo's was a mature woman who ordered takeout in the late spring and waited in her Cadillac outside with the engine running and A/C on because she was in a floor-length fur coat! Thank you Lo-Lo for enriching the culinary heritage of Phoenix. I'm sure Mrs. White is very proud of you indeed.
4	In the not so wide world of Soul Food in Phoenix, my ranking would be:4. Baby Kay's (although I hear things have recently taken a nosedive here)3. Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe2. Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles1. Stacy's SmokehouseHubby might flip 1 and 2 since he has an addiction to the waffles. The best he's ever had, he says. They are very good, and so is the chicken, but I have recently discovered Stacy's superior version. The sweet tea is hella sweet to the point of total saturation, and everything is swimming in butter (Matt Poole must have taken this idea from here). The quality of the egg cookery varies quite a bit, and so does the red velvet cake (the last time I had it, it was burned). Will any of the inconsistencies keep us from returning? Hell no. It's one of our absolute favorite dining experiences in the valley. We go as often as we think our hearts can take it!
3	I just had lunch there. It was decent but honestly I'm not sure where all of the top notch ratings are coming from. The chicken was good, and the waffles were good, but not "oh my god, I HAVE to come back good". I probably wouldn't even consider taking my out of town friends here. I'll have to try Stacy's or Mrs.Whites.
5	Gluttony at it's finest.  There is nothing more satisfying than a meal of chicken and waffles.  The chicken was moist and flavorful and the waffles had a slight hint of cinnamon flavor.  To top it off, they serve kool-aid in mason jars and the sweet tea is mostly sugar, but still majorly awesome.
5	My first visit to Lo Lo's I have to admit, was totally against my will. It was my parents idea to take me there for my birthday a few years ago and I wasn't too keen on the idea. Now I'm a regular, at least as much as my stomach can handle it. The portions are enormous, and delicious. I always order the #2, it's smothered chicken with waffles, with a kool aid, and it is perfect. Probably going to give me a heart attack, but you gotta live! You gotta show up early, even on a weekday for lunch this place gets packed, and you have to wait outside where its hot. Probably 8 of my 10 visits have been on sunday mornings after a hard saturday night at Rose and Crown or another pub, so it hits the spot for those mornings perfectly. Oh, and to those saying this place is good for groups, what the hell? It's a small restaurant that doesn't take reservations. What about that is good for groups?
5	I have had this spot on my list to hit for over a year. My friend came into town from the Bay and I snagged her as my LoLo's date. We hit the place for a late breakfast on a Sunday. When we entered, we were greeted like family. The service was personal and quick. I ate every bit of my two piece and waffle. My sweet tea was served in a big mason jar and it was perfect. When we left, I felt like family. Many thank yous and good byes from the owner and crew. I am offically addicted! I am hoping now that my out of town date is gone, I can find someone else to soak up this amazing place.
5	At first most of my noobie friends are very skeptical about the fusion of Chicken and Waffles.  but after taking them to this place and experiencing firsthand the divine taste of what they first believe was a anomalous combination, it made them change their Religion.For lunch time I suggest that you get to this place as early 11AM since this place has a very limited sitting you can expect up to 2 hour wait. :(
5	Sinfully Delicious: A Ladies Lunch of GluttonyOnce upon a time there were two coworkers.  They had been talking about going to Lo-Lo's and kept saying they would go there as a reward when they met some of their fitness goals.  Well, one coworker left the company before they made their goals, so they went there with a third coworker for her going away lunch.They were a little curious where they were being taken when they ended up in the middle of nowhere in a not-so-great neighborhood.  They found a parking spot after 5 minutes of driving around, u-turns, and backing up.  They walked into the small house and got a seat in the very back on the side seating area.  The place was packed.Two ordered a water and lemonade and the third went for the sweet tea.  It was SO sweet and SO good.  The jar they brought it in seemed enough for the whole table, but somehow she managed to take it down without a problem.She ordered Tre-Tre's (2 chicken legs and a waffle) and a side of Mac n' Cheese.  They also split two cornbread muffins between the three of them.  They took a late lunch and waited a little while for their order so by the time it arrived, they were ravenously hungry and dug right in to the grub.  They didn't talk to each other for five minutes except to comment on the food and ask one another if they had tried it all yet.  The chicken was juicy and crunchy.  The waffles were soft and topped with buttery syrup goodness.  The mac n' cheese was creamy and rich.  The cornbread was fluffy and delicious.After the initial feeding frenzy took place, they began to slow down.  It began getting hotter and hotter, but they kept eating, drinking, and sweating.  It was glorious!  The server came with the bill and the gluttonous ladies were so full and in a food haze they could barely explain how to split the check.  They sat for a while before they were able to leave and finally made their way back to work.  They proceeded to dream all day about the chicken, waffles, mac n' cheese, cornbread, sweet tea, lemonade, and all the goodness they consumed in less than 20 minutes.  Some of the women were more comfortable for the remainder of the day based on their wardrobe choices.  Everyone else was none the wiser.  All that was left to do was plan their next trip to Lo-Lo's and also the sister restaurant Mrs. White's Golden Rule.The End.The moral of the story:  Wear big pants with an elastic waist and order everything that looks good.
4	First, Lo-Lo's only gets 4 stars becuase L.A. is home to the famous Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles, which is the BEST chicken and waffles. I ate like every week for a good 3 years. Oh and I met Jesse Jackson there lol. Back to Lo-Lo's- the food was excellent. If you've never tried soul food, you're missing out, and should definitely treat yourself to the early heart attack because it's worth it. Just about nothing beats the juicy fried chicken breast smothered in gravy with a waffle on the side dripping in sweet syrup. Seriously, it's heaven for your mouth. Highlights: Sweet tea - Sweet as in it tastes like there's 5,000 packs of sugar in there and will send you into a diabetic coma. Hell yeah!Greens- I love greens. These greens taste like they're made with bacon. Again, hell yeah! Potatoes and gravy- The gravy could be a little thicker but I still love it.The only thing I didn't like too much was the mac and cheese. The service was fantastic, everyone was kind, prompt, and attentive. You can be waiting quite a while for a table, especially on Sunday mornings when people are coming back from church. Get there right when they open and don't worry about suffering from heat stroke in the summer. Or just wait in your car with the AC blasting until your name gets called.
3	Soul Food virgin here. I was convinced that chicken and waffles could not peacefully co-exist, but Lo Lo's proved me wrong. My stomach was not built to handle fried food, I'll leave it at that. However if your stomach IS built to handle it, I'm assured that this chicken is fantastic.I took the advice of other yelpers and ordered Sweet Tea with half un-sweet, and it was lovely. Love:The Mason jars of "drank."The cinnamony waffles.The friendly staff (all smiles, and quick to take care of you)The casual/comfortable ambiance.The menu items all nicknamed after, i assume, actual people.The tender/spicy collard greens.I'll be back, but I accept that fried chicken and I will have to agree to disagree. Thankfully, there's enough at Lo Lo's to keep my tummy full and happy.
3	I woke up an hour later in the passenger seat of my own car, my window plastered with puckerings of chicken-greased flavored lipstick. Apparently, we had met up with Erica O for lunch at Lo Lo's. We drank sweet tea out of Mason jars. The menu had items named after characters from Spike Lee films. There was a "Toy Toy" and a "Betty Boop" in 'Crooklyn' right? I could swear there was a Sha Nay Nay in there somewhere.I was told I had ordered fried chicken smothered in mashed potatoes and gravy. Yes. Smothered. As in "served as one entity". According to Misty S, I tried fruitlessly to eat the aforementioned mad creation with a fork and knife, to try and give our lunch companion Erica O the impression that I was not, in fact, a gluttonous fatty without dignity, as my mashed potato-flavored chicken was trying to suggest.I had mentioned, before passing out in the car, that I found the waffles to be fluffy bundles of cinnamon joy. And that they tasted just fine without syrup, which was good, because I ended up getting most of my syrup on the damned fried chicki-mashed potatoes.They had offered us dessert afterwards, which doesn't make any sense to me. If I had just eaten two syrup-less waffles and fried chicken soaked in mashed potatoes and covered in mis-aimed maple syrup, the last thing I'd expect is to be offered red velvet cake. But I'm sure at the time the idea seemed much more reasonable.The food couldn't have been that bad, for though it gave me a "food coma" as the natives call it, I didn't suffer any intestinal woes.The story sounded so fantastic and sensational I almost didn't believe. Surely I would've remembered dining in such a wonderland of soul food stereotypes. I was tempted to call Erica O and cross-reference Misty S' account with one of her own, but we were in the parking lot of Arrowhead mall and I needed a new pair of shoes. Or two.
3	I was so looking forward to try this place out but was closed on the 4th of July, went back on Sunday at 10:30am but couldn't do the 45 minute wait  outside under the blue shade awning, too hot at 90 degrees...wah.  Will have to try again.
5	The first thing that I saw, when I walked up to put my name on the list to be seated, were a bunch of white people and an Asian guy.  The girls taking down names were Latinas.  The first thought that popped into my head was "Where all the soul brothas and sistas at?!?"  You can't have a soul food place, without the folks who invented soul food.  WTH?But, alas, my fears were washed away.  Apparently, they were smart and showed up early, before Lo-Lo's opened, to get out of the heat and seated quickly.  Gotta remember that the next time because there is no waiting indoors.  You either gotta stand under a tiny 8x8 tent they set up or along the side of the building in the alley way.  So not cool, when it's already 100 degrees at 10am.  Can you see me sweating?  Not pretty.After a 35 minute wait, we were quickly shuffled into the a cramped little room.  Our orders were quickly taken.  Not even ten minutes later, the food arrived.  My "Toy-Toy" (two fried wings with a waffle) was delish!!  The chicken was cooked to perfection.  Crispy skin on the outside, juicy in the middle.  Finger lickin goodness.  The waffle was great, too.  Slightly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  I have to admit, this place is waaay better than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles.  Though, I've been a fan of theirs for years, the quality has slipped and the chicken was, more times than not, overcooked.  They're getting kicked to the curb.  Lo-Lo's is now my favorite chicken and waffle place.  Despite the crampedness (is that even a word?) of the place, I'm still giving it a full 5-stars.  It's worth the wait and worth being up close and personal with your tableside neighbor.  Customer service quick and friendly.  Yes, it's a hole-in-the-wall place, but that's what makes it even more authentic.  It's unique, has a great vibe and great food.  Next time, I'm making room for some of the red velvet cake.
4	I have to say...I LOVE Lo-Lo's! The first time I head about "Chicken & Waffles" I thought it was strange and had no desire to go. After experiencing it for myself, I now know-  it's amazing! I swear there is something magical about those waffles. Just be sure to get there early as they always have a line out the door at lunch time.
5	So I'm sitting here going through my Yelps and am dumbfounded that I have never wrote about Lolo's.. been coming here for a couple years now and when it comes to soul food, it aint much better than this! There isn't much I can add here but concur how amazing the fried chicken is.. the only sucky thing on the menu was the red velvet cake.. horrid but the cream cheese frosting was so great that you didn't notice that the cake sucked right away.
5	This place is absolutely delicious. Some of the best fried chicken and waffles I have ever had.Go for the Lo-Lo's plate (with white meat) and a jar of sweet tea.
3	Straight up... I talk too much.I don't mean to... I just do but it might have been a good thing during my maiden voyage to Lo-Lo's. I met fellow yelper Kerstin ordered a two piece chicken with a waffle. I also ordered a side order of Mac & Cheese. I also ordered the Red Kool-Aid which came promptly in a jelly jar! SWEET! I was so excited! :)Then we ordered and waited... and waited... and WAITED.. and of course - I talked... and talked... and TALKED!!At first they said it would be a few minutes... and then they said that they were going to be making more chicken for us and promised it would be worth it. I put my faith in all the other great yelpers who loved this place that it would be in fact - worth it. So we waited some more - the waitress even offered a waffle as an appetizer. (yay!)My first taste of Lo-lo's was... PERFECT! I never had a fresh waffle except for that one time at the Windmil Hotel & that waffle was rubbery! But... Lo-lo's was nothing like that rubbery shoe tread! It was light, crisp, and amazing with it's sweet cinnamon goodness. I loved it! :) I'm now worried that Lo-lo's has ruined me for all the other waffles in my future.And then we waited some more and I talked some more... and then FINALLY our food came... well - most of it. I didn't notice it until I started to dig in to my own food that Kerstin's meal didn't come at first! She had to wait a few minutes for her meal - I felt bad, as I stuffed my face with my crispy fried chicken wing. Which was good, but great? Ummmm... Yeah, I guess it was. It was better than most but it was a little on the dry side. Honestly, it wasn't worth the wait. I could've been home with a bucket of the Colonal's finest 11 herbs and spices in the time it took for them to get our food out! The mixing of the flavors, of the chicken and the sweetness of the waffles was spectactular! Now this is where Lo-lo's shines! The chicken by itself? Meh... The waffles by itself? oooo... together? WHOA! I loved it! :)But I couldn't even begin to eat it all!! There was so much food! I also sampled Kerstin's Catfish which was WAAY yummy! :) So was her green bean & potato side dish. it was hot and spicy and really good with some salt.Overall, I loved the decor, especially the signed autographs on the walls - crazy kewl. The drinks served in mason jars. Even the color of the walls. I dug that the servers tried... but dude - it took us a few times of reminding them of my mac & cheese before it hit the table... WAAAAAY after we each started our dinner. (boo!) And even then - it was sticky and luke warm and lacked... soul. There I said it... a soul resturant's food lacked soul. For real.I'll totally go back, but not with as much enthusiasm as i did the first time, but seriously - the first time is rarely the best time... so here's hoping for better in my Lo-lo's future.
4	LoLo's  tragically, I have tried to maintain a plan to loose some extra pounds. For you are the best place in town to pack on the spare bulk. Nothing at LoLo's could be considered "healthy". But everything can be considered extra tasty.Take a drive, or maybe a walk to LoLo's and fill up on some of the best, southern style, down home food you will find west of Louisiana.Just bring a bib, and an appetite
4	This place was bomb dizzle fo shizzle nizzle. Lol. They had some damn good mac and cheese. i ordered the lolos special, i think it was the #3 anyway, the chicken was real tasty and so were the waffles. Bring a camera when you come to this place because it has a real novelty aspect to it, this place might be a 5 star, but my waffle house experiences are close to none existent but i will edit my review if need be once i frequent more of these type places. Oh and they give you your drink in a big kerr canning jar 'pretty cool'
5	WHOOOOOOOOOWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!! that's some damned good fried chicken!hahaha!! Forreally for real though... Ugh.... *Insert Homer Simpson-esque gargling sound here!* My cousin and I were spent the weekend being hermits and I got tired of it and offered her some LoLo's, never one to turn down a free meal, she happily said yes. We brought my mom along and were Lo-Lo's bound.When we got there I saw the lil tent and mini bar of doom. I've read the many reviews warning me about Lo-Lo's 40+ minute wait... but seeing no one standing in the way of the misting fan, we decided to trudge on in... and we were SO lucky to find more empty tables than filled. We sat down in the nice cool mustered colored room, lined with Framed pictures depitcing the Jazz Era... We were quickly brought menus and we ordered a round of tea... I had the Half sweet & Half unsweetened tea... my cousin chose the sweetened tea and my mom the chose the unsweetened tea. When the HUGE mason jars hit the table they were excited! I held my own taste test and concluded that Yelpers are always right and that the half & half rules. Our waitress was nice enough to explain some of the dishes to us. We ordered and waited a lil while... not as long as I did the first time I went. While we waited and talked the rest of the tables around us quickly filled and we considered ourself fortunate to have arrived when we did. I told them of the warnings about going to Lo-Lo's after church on Sunday... Expect an hour long wait! They whistled and said that it couldn't be that good... and then the food arrived...It was better than I remember it! i chose the Soul-food platter which comes with 3 pieces of fried chicken and your choice of two sides... I chose a waffle and smothered potatos and a large muffin type hunk of cornbread. My mom ordered the same thing but chose potato salad & yams as her sides. My cousin got a pair of drumsticks with a waffle. We were all silent for a good five minutes. When we finally went up for air. My mom couldn't believe how good her yams were. She looked like she wanted to cry! lol... and she said the potato salad was great and that the chicken was EXACTLY what she wanted!!  My cousin was inlove with the chrunchy-type crispness salty sweetness of the chicken & Waffle combination. and I, I was about to DRINK my smothered potatos, which are nothing but simply boiled potatos swimming in this basil-thyme(?) flavored chicken gravy that was sent here from heaven!! IT was the BEST gravy I EVER EVER tasted!! I was happily taking a bite of chicken with a bite of waffle and then followed it with a nice perfect smothered chunk of potato... when... when... it was GONE!! ARGGHHH!! When are they going to invent never empty bowls?!?! huh?! WHEN?!There was nothing but small micro bits of potato swimming in the most amazing grazy... and all I had was a fork... but there... was still some left... and not a spoon in sight, but I could pick up the lil mini bowl.... "DON'T EVEN think about it!" My mom scolded me while reading my thoughtsDANG! I reached a happy medium when I got smart and skewerd a nice piece of chicken and dunked it in the gravy and I was SO back in business!! :D whoo hoo!! It was heaven. pure heaven. I know very few things about heaven... I know O'odham Cumbia in Heaven... and I know Lo-Lo's gravy is poured from FOUNTAINS in heaven!! haha.... Meanwhile - back on Earth, we devoured our food. I honestly thought I was going to have tons leftover for my lunch the next day... my mom thought the same... no such luck for any of us! My mom was in extacy over her yams that she asked for their recipe... the waitress said she'd ask and quickly came back with: brown sugar, cinnamon & vanilla - boiled and NOT baked... and that's it. And PLEASE let me tell ya'll - she has NEVER ever done that with me before... this woman doesn't like ANYTHING/BODY... and that day, she fell in love with those yams! (Where's my calender?!)We were laughing and talking about how good the lemonade is (oh yeah - when I needed a refil, I just asked for some lemonade instead of more tea, she did it no problem... she also did the same for my cousin who tried the red kool-aid) and how great the food was when I got a call from a good friend of mine. I told him where I was when he made fun of me and told me to clog my artaries... I made a face and asked him in a rather rude tone if he's ever been to Lo-Lo's, he said no. And then I told him... he'll never get how little I care about my artieries when I'm here until he tries it for himself! Only until you try it do you get how amazing it is...So simple, so devine. So yummy, so Lo-Lo's.
5	Hellz yeah! I love Lo-Lo's! I was only fortunate enough to visit this place once - after a 5 mile walk for JDRF. So - the calories that come along with fried chicken and waffles were acceptable. The food was awesome! I hope to be able to go back someday.
5	All I can say is excellent in every aspect.  The fried chicken is mouth watering, the waffles are the best I have had, and the red kool aid is so damn good!  I don't know how they make the red kool aid like they do, but it's the best.  The service is always friendly and fast, and I have ate here numerous times.  I have never once had bad food or a bad experience.  Thank god I found this place in phoenix.
4	this place is HOT in all aspects. their chicken is damn good and the atmosphere in the place does get a little too hot at times. it's awesome though! i like the friendly service they provide. the food is very RICH especially their iced tea, it's like drinking pure sugar, soooo good... sometimes - like once a year. but other than that the food is great!! i suggest trying it out and see for yourself. i love fried chicken and waffle so i can't really complain. their corn bread is good too! it makes me salivate just thinking about the greasiness. YUMMM!!!
3	I've tried dining here twice.  The first time I visited, the resto was so packed, I waited ten minutes and then left.  The second time, debated on leaving, but stayed.  Had fried chicken, a waffle, cornbread, and the candied yams.  Best thing were the yams!  Chicken was alright.  Waffle was too thin, light in color, and soggy.  It didn't help to witness one of the staff sneaking in the back with a bag of Bisquick while I was waiting for a table.  I thought the waffles and batter were homemade??  Cornbread didn't even compare to Redfish or Z'Tejas!  Honestly, it tasted like the dried versions I tried at Big City BBQ and Marie Callender's... Tsk, tsk.If I were to return, it would only be for the candied yams/sweet potatoes.  Those deserved 5 stars!
4	I've only had take out from here so i don't know about the service.  all i've had is the food and i'm always extremely happy with that, even if it does put me in2 a food coma.  things i've had from here include: chicken (fried or smothered, i want 2 swim in a pool of their gravy)fried okragreens (these r so good, better than the greens i've had from Roscoe's)rice/beanscheesy eggsthe cornbread is kinda dry 2 me, and i'm not a fan of waffles or grits neway.  but i will say this is the best fried chicken in town hands down!
4	I only get the Betty Boop & and orange soda and it's so much food that I don't need anything else.  The chicken is really good.  The waffles are even better.  Both taste great with syrup on 'em.I tried the mac & cheese once...it was just ok.  I tried the green beans...they were good.I like the atmosphere, location, service and supporting locally-owned business, so I'll be back any time I can!
3	I was so hungry as a result of drinking the night before that, once we made it through the 1.5 hour wait, I ate the chicken without really enjoying it (or giving it time to cool off). BUMMER. Whose idea was it to come to Lo Lo's ON A SUNDAY? (mine). Those who could taste their chicken and remember said it was just okay. Some said they'd prefer KFC (gulp).The waffles are too thin and soggy for my liking.Everything is served with an ice cream scoop's worth of butter. I LOVE IT, screams the fat kid in me.Kool aid and sweet tea are awesome. Fried catfish was tasty. I think people come here for the ambience more than the food, but I should go back and let it cool before devouring, and I need to try other things. Service is awesome in that no bullshit way, not the service-with-a-smile kind of way. I kind of like it.
5	You should only venture to Lolo's if you are looking to eat the best fried chicken EVER!  Seriously! I though I though I had died and gone to heaven.  The waffles were also enjoyable as were the grits and mac and cheese but oh man you've got to try this chicken! My friends and I went on a Tuesday night around 5 and walked right in.
4	I drove from Los Angeles for a conference in Phoenix so I did a little research and decided to stop at Lolo's first before heading to the hotel.  I am glad I did but not so much.  The chicken was very good.  They pulled a Church's number and added parts of the breast to every wing, giving you a big piece of meat.  The breading was tasty and the meat was moist and juicy.  However, that was where it ended for me.  The waffle was okay, it had a cinnamon taste to it that was different but it was very thin and small (maybe I am just used to Roscoe's).  The mac and cheese was very rich but too rich.  I was basically cheese sauce with some macaroni thrown in.  I couldn't complete the whole thing.  I was just about on my way out the door when I saw someone's sweet potato pie.  I turned back around and ordered one for dessert.  Shouldn't of done that.  I was not impressed with the taste so that was wasted also.  I would stop here for the chicken but I am not pressed to try anything else.
4	You should only venture to Lolo's if you are looking to eat the best fried chicken EVER!  Seriously! I though I though I had died and gone to heaven.  The waffles were also enjoyable as were the grits and mac and cheese but oh man you've got to try this chicken!
4	Wow, talk about covering all your essential food groups: grease, oil, lard, and fat. Oh, I forgot the maple syrup: pure sugary goodness. I ate waffles.. fried chicken... salmon cakes... bacon... grits... It was a food coma done right. I have to disclose that the after-effects include: waist expansion, sleepiness, and an insatiable need to be still and slothlike. Despite the health risks of eating at Lo-Lo's, it's pure bliss: a symphonic orchestra of flavors that should be experienced on a regulated basis - try once every few months.
5	The food raves are largely warranted, but what further separates Lo-Lo's is the service and multiracial atmosphere, which can be hard to come by in Phoenix.  Before I'd walked halfway across the street from our car towards the restaurant, we were acknowledged by an outdoor hostess. A couple minutes later, she beckoned us from inside the front door to "Come on in"  - as if this were a special clubhouse or night spot.  Inside, our waitress was friendly and knowledgable and a tag team staff is always breezing by, anticipating needs: refills, napkins, defibrillators.  A couple tables over, they fussed over an elderly patron like bees on a honeycomb.   There's a pleasant and thoroughly Black self confidence about Lo-Lo's that's, I dont know...affirming.  They're good at what they do, and treat everybody the same- which is quite well - even if you're a patronizing N. Phx yuppie on your annual sociological trek down to the hood.  We were the only Anglos in our area, and felt welcome and thoroughly taken care of. Righteous chicken, laughably huge waffles. Lunch here and you may not eat again til breakfast.  Not fancy, but fine.  Worth a special trip.
5	One of my friends insisted that I try Lolo's so we went during a lunch hour. Fortunately we arrived before it got crowded. I ordered the a combination plate that included about half of the items on the menu. About 15 minutes later our food arrived, but my order was everything on the menu but what I ordered. I figured that since it looked and smelled so good I would bite my lip and eat what I had in front of me. The waitress walked by and noticed. She insisted that they make me the plate that I ordered and the one that I had been eating was on the house. At first I said no...but she wouldn't hear of it. The rest of the menu was sitting in front of me in five minutes. Now...I am a good sized guy with a ravenous appetite, but that was ridiculous. I will say that everything was delicious. I had a little bit of everything. The highlight of the meal was the MACARONI AND CHEESE. BEFORE YOU DIE (caution: it might be the CAUSE of your death) you must eat their mac and cheese.All in all, a great eating experience.
4	Can you say "food coma?"OMG... I think perhaps I am in a food coma as I type this review... not sure what more I can add that the other 75 reviews haven't covered, but I'll give it a shot!We went to Lo-Lo's today after the Phoenix 10k.  There was a group of 7 of us total and we arrived around 10:30am.  We were told there would be a 30 minute wait (which was pretty accurate).  Some of us went in and filled up drink cups with Kool Aid, Lemonade, Iced Tea or a combination - the sugar totally held us over!We studied the menu as we waited so we all knew what we were going to order before we sat down.  Rasheeta was our waitress and she was awesome - there were a few other guys helping her out as well.  I had the "Nay Nay's" which came with 2 waffles, 2 eggs (i ordered them over easy), and grits.  Oh, and I ordered a side of fried okra as well.  (I figured I may as well go all out 'cause who knows when I'll be back).  The waffles and grits had enough butter on them to feed an army of hungry runners.  I also had a bite of Jared's Fried Chicken.  Everything was delicious...So much for all of the calories burned during the 10k.  Thanks Lo-Lo's for my fix of Southern Food - it reminded me of the good ol' days I spent in Atlanta!  I'm sure I'm missing some highlights from our meal, but since I was there with a table full of yelpers, hopefully they will fill-in what I missed!
4	Lo Lo's is pretty much what you'd expect a place focusing on "Chicken & Waffles" to be. Small, lively, full of smiling people all eating, well......chicken and waffles. The line out front attests to its popularity. After finishing the Phoenix 10K this morning, our group decided that Lo Lo's would be the perfect place to undo all of the health gains we had made. Little did I know that I would be undoing an entire year's worth of morning jogs. It was the sort of experience that makes you wonder if you should consult a cardiologist. We had a short wait for our table, but were able to quench our thirst on soft drinks, punch, and sweet tea. The staff was extremely friendly. Everyone who works here seems to love it. I am a big fan of chicken. I am a big fan of waffles. Yet, I have never had them together. Thus, I decided the only choice for me was their No. 1 Meal, called KK's. Three (3!) pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, grits, and eggs w/ cheese and onions. I figured if I was going to eat at Lo Lo's, I was going to go for it. The food came pretty quickly. The first thing that struck me were the two enormous globs of butter (1 in my grits and 1 on my waffles). In all my life, I have never knowingly eaten this much butter in a single sitting. That being said, it was divine. Everything was delicious and, while I am not a big "fried chicken" guy, I must say that all three pieces disappeared quickly. Other members of our group sampled the fried okra and the red beans & rice. I heard nothing but happy sounds as our table of 7 made approximately 15,000 calories disappear. This was followed by groans and calls for afternoon naps as we all piled into our cars to go home. Lo Lo's is one of those experiences that should not be missed. But, make sure to clear your afternoon and, just to be safe, you may want to consult a health professional.
4	The fried chicken was perfectly done - crispy yet juicy, tender but not overly cooked. The batter had a nice crunchy texture and a surprisingly good taste. The chicken wasn't overly battered but there were bites of just crispy batter -- which I didn't mind. I did make sure to put enough red rooster (hot sauce) on the chicken to kill a small horse so I may have been eating my own tongue and not realized it.The waffles were nicely prepared and very flavorful as well. They were very warm, not too soft, and not totally dried out or crunchy. I'd say they were just about right. As you can see from the pictures, they are served with a golf ball sized portion of butter. You really need to dig into those babies quickly as the combination of warm waffle, melting butter and addition of syrup makes for a great experience that must be enjoyed right away. Luckily enough, the waffles go down smoothly with almost no regrets. I had two which was a perfect amount.The wait outside wasn't too uncomfortable and was well worth the culinary delight inside. I enjoyed the quaint setting, friendly service and especially the meal that brings together a variety of foods that you normally wouldn't create in your own kitchen. Then again, I don't own a waffle iron or a deep fryer. I'm a fan.
4	Butta...with extra butta.  My new favorite post first friday's hang out.  It's sure to soak up any linguring "33" from Sens or Kiltlifter from "fate."  I found myself dipping or should I say soaking the waffles in the delicious maple surup and washing it down with a big glass of Kool-Aid.  I think the pictures provided offer a good representation of what you can expect to find when you dine at Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.
4	What a perfect treat after a strenuous cardiovascular workout?! This Phoenix secret is definitely on my list of restaurants to visit again. Just don't eat here too often as the fare is high in carbs and saturated fat. The food is served hot out of the kitchen as soon as it's ready, so there is little wait time. It's a good idea to remember your order number and meal name as the person bringing out the order probably won't be your server. Although the service was rushed, it's what I expected from a busy, family-owned restaurant on a Sunday morning. Before a table was clear, I was reminded of waiting outside to be seated at a popular restaurant in New York City in the chilly winter wind and snow, expect it was a warm fall morning and we were definitely not in Manhattan. The decor was minimal, but clean and finding the place took some extra effort (if you are coming from the north on Central its right after Buckeye and there is no sign). For a taste of the Southeast right in the middle of the Southwest, stop in at LoLo's, fo' sho'.
4	Great Waffles, chicken and my favorite----chicken gizzards, gravy and rice.  The peach cobbler was also great.  Only complaint I have is that the coffee, tea, and soft drinks--even though in large containers are too expensive.  One of the most friendly 'wait-staff' I've found in the city.
5	Now I know that most folks who live here have either never heard of this combination or thought of it as some racist stereotype but Lo Lo's serves up the best fried chicken in AZ along with a side of waffles and a cup of syrup like you've never tasted before. The menu is a bit limited in scope featuring dozens of iterations of their featured foods Lo Lo's delivers multiple southern-style sides like grits, rice and gravy, fried okra, collard greens, red beans and rice, fries, mac & cheese, and eggs. Make no mistake, one could easily fill up on side dishes.You'll find Lo Lo's (if you're lucky) in the SoJack (I'm inventing terms here for the area south of Jackson) off Central. It is a small house-looking structure with a gated door on it. Inside you will find cramped confines that will have the loud and lively wait staff running around you with dishes and cups no matter where you sit. Don't expect quiet, you won't find it. Don't expect privacy, you left that at home. Come and enjoy the people and the food. It is worth the trip and for the experience. We are lucky to have a place like this. The Southern Kitchen in Tacoma was one of the few authentic Southern food places that I have found outside of the south. To have Lo Lo's bringing some culture to AZ is much appreciated. You will not find this kind of food elsewhere in Phoenix.
4	Not health food but worth the 20 minutes of life you lose by eating there.  The food is stick to your ribs delicious. Fried Chicken great. Waffles Great. Fried Okra great.  You need to get there around 11:00 if you expect to sit down right away so if you go later expect to wait.
5	Lolo's does Soul Food right. Once I heard about this place years ago, I've brought everyone of my family members here at least once. The food is good, the service is good, with happy employees serving up the chicken, waffles, mac & cheese, Kool-Aid and Red Velvet cakes. I've not had one bad meal in this place. And I was the token metal head, who came weekly. I recommend the Lo-Lo Platter (2 piece chicken, waffle and a side). Or the Catfish platter. Damn good. The grits, mac & cheese, collards, fried okra and red beans and rice are all tasty. It is a small place, and with that comes a long wait if you come to dine at peak times. I usually get there at 1pm. After all of the downtown office workers bug out and go back to their cubicles. I would recommend this place to anyone who appreciates good, old fashion comfort/soul food.
4	I'm a big fan of Roscoe's in LA and always hoped to find something along the same lines here, in my home state. While Lolo's isn't quite Roscoe's, it is still quite delicious. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Thankfully we ordered pick-up, because the line was a half hour wait, just to be seated. It's a popular spot.The chicken and waffle combo was very tasty, but their fried okra wasn't the best and the lemonade was too sweet.I am still pleasantly full by this comfort food gem in downtown Phoenix and would recommend this to anyone.
5	My first review on yelp is Lola's in Phoenix (another favorite) and it is certainly not to be mistaken for Lo-lo's. This soul food joint is one of the best in the country - it has a proper back-kitchen, cafeteria feel to it, friendly service and hands down the best waffles and chicken anywhere. There is something uniquely cinnamonny in the syrup that makes the perfect topper to their waffle; the chicken is deep fried, the grits waiting to swim in butter, the lemonade cool and sweet on a hot Phoenix day. Your doctor may not like you going here, but your stomach certainly will.Find an odd hour to go; Sunday mornings are always particularly packed with the post-church crowd and it's harder than usual to find a seat. Chicken and waffles are good any time of the day.And a last note - get a t-shirt, wear it around and see just how unusual the idea of chicken and waffles is to the non soul food loving masses.
5	The two things I love about this place; red velvet cake and koolaide. My praise only echos what has already been said here, I just had to post to show my love.
5	Visiting some friends in Phoenix and saw all the great reviews on Yelp for Lo-Lo's.  Any place that includes chicken & waffles in its name has to be able to back that up!Short version: everything was wayyyy better than we could have hoped for!  Possibly the best friend chicken I've ever had - golden brown and moist & juicy with excellent batter.  The straight-up fried chicken is superb, but I ordered mine "smothered" with chicken-onion gravy and it was soooo good.  The waffles are also great - light and flavorful batter with a hint of cinnamon.  And yes, Lo-Lo's proves that chicken & waffles belong together!Honorable mention: the sides.  We tried collard greens, fried okra, creamy grits and candied yams (some of the best I've ever had).  Not a single wrong order out of a table of 5 on our first visit - doesn't that tell you something?
5	I have such a love/hate thing going on when I eat at Lo-Lo's. I love eating there then I immediately hate myself for doing it. The waffles slathered in butter are so damn good with my drumstick coated in hot sauce. Man, I could really go for some this weekend. Too bad I'm out of town :-/ To top it off, it's only $20 for two people!
5	Have I really never reviewed Lo-Lo's? Seriously?? This morning, Dottsy, Robert M and I headed for SoDo (is that what the hipsters are calling the area just south of downtown?) for some chicken and waffle perfection. Lo-Lo's hits the mark on everything: my gravy and onion covered chicken was all sorts of awesomeness, the waffles were golden brown loveliness, the greens were bang on, the mac and cheese a creamy blissful experience, the red beans and rice were smartly appealing and the fried okra was splendid happiness. Sure, we ordered a lot of sides, but we wanted to be fair. Lo-Lo's was like a religious experience--Sunday service was being played on the radio, there were babies crying, their food is also served in Heaven (or at least that's keeping me focused on the afterlife). As well as being perfectly filled with some of the best food ever, we also had a marketing brainstorming session. The first was a tour of some great soul food restaurants using Metro and make it into a UYE. Its name? Pause for dramatic effect: The Soul Train. Something else came up but we're keeping a tight lid on that project.
4	Some co-workers talked me into Lo Lo's, so I tried it.  Loved it, but thought I could feel the blood flow in my arteries slow down.  The food is great tasting, but it may not prolong your life.  But, hey, none of us can live forever.  Their chicken is the best, cooked golden brown and crispy.The restaurant is located just south of downtown Phoenix in an old house.  There is not much space inside the house, so if you go there for lunch, leave early.  There are lines out the front door after 12 noon.  If you are in Phoenix, you have to try Lo Lo's.  There is nothing else like it.
4	If a half star could be given I would in the case of Lo Lo's Chicken and Waffles. I had heard about this place from someone at work who said he went there every Sunday after church. I was a little skeptical, but really wanted to try it. A date was set with a few of us from work and I couldn't wait. Sadly it was cancelled. Brad was sad :( But then Dallas G suggests we go there that same Friday night after a bunch of drinks. So Saturday morning I made the long trek from Cave Creek to downtown. When I arrived I was a little worried about my car, but figured it's not worth anything anymore anyway. I only had to wait about 5 minutes as my 3 friends were already waiting for a bit. I had studied the menu online a couple of days prior and already knew what I wanted. So I got my Betty Boop, mac and cheese, and lemonade in the mason jar. My good buddy Z laughed at me a little for ordering the Betty Boop. So the fried chicken breast, waffle, with the ice cream sized scoop of butter on it, come out, along with the mac & cheese. Needless to say the food was awesome! The waffle was buttery, a little cinnamony, and delicious. The chicken breast was good, a little dry, but I had no problem cleaning all the meat off. The mac & cheese was good too. The best part was when the bits of fried batter would fall off into some syrup. This is a dish unto itself. The salty and sweet were awesome. Reminded me of bacon and syrup. Prices weren't high at all. Great place for some next day drinking recovery. I have been raving about it to all of my friends since. In fact, I think we will be going this Saturday.
5	Pretty much the most amazing chicken and waffle experience I've ever had.I went to LoLo's with Robert and Bacon on a Sunday morning. We were only made to wait for a short time before we entered the shrine of soul food. We were greeted very warmly and asked what we wanted to drink. I had the sweet tea. I usually LOVE sweet tea but they were not messing around! Next time I'll order 1/2 sweet and 1/2 regular tea. For my meal, I got the 2 piece and a waffle. We chose several sides to share between the three of us. We had the red beans and rice, mac and cheese, collard greens and fried okra. I was amazed when the food arrived at the table. The waffle was hanging off of the side of my plate and smelled like heaven probably should! I tried the fried chicken and I was taken back to my childhood. The chicken was well seasoned and has a bit of baking powder bite to it! AMAZING. It wasn't at all greasy or soggy in any way. My mouth is watering just typing this review. In the background, there was great gospel music playing so I hope that getting a dose of Jesus while eating fried chicken might banish any of its artery clogging properties.... yeah.... We were checked on several times to see if we needed anything and we were treated cordially. I will visit LoLo's any time, any day as long as someone is there to share the guilt with me!
5	A philosophical elder of my profession commonly says "Everyone needs three vices.  Sex and chocolate don't count."  If I still lived in Phoenix, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles would definitely be one of my vices.  The chicken is pure fried goodness. The mac n'cheese is creamy and crispy goodness. The waffles are BEYOND DELICIOUS.  If I could give any future LoLo's consumers a hint it would be this: if you are sensitive to too much sugar like I am, don't waste your precious pancreatic islets on the beverages.  I succumbed to the peer-pressure and got an Arnold Palmer, which of course comes in a quart-sized Mason jar.  I reached my sugar capacity before the meal even started.  I can only imagine the explosion of flavor in my mouth I would have experienced had I not wasted all my buds on sweetened tea and lemonade.
5	First off, let me just say that this is my first yelp.  Go easy on me.Visualize yourself shitfaced at the end of the night, stopping for a bucket of KFC because nothing could ever taste better than food when you're that drunk.  You with me?  LoLo's is that good, only sober, and in the morning.  Show up there at 955am on a Sunday and you'll see a line of brothas in their sunday best waiting to get in to this place.  And where that line of people goes, I will blindly follow.Because inside you'll find: mason jars (!) of red Kool-Aid, good ol' fashioned Southern sweet tea, or whatever soda you want.  But then there's the plate of fried chicken.  Top it off with red rooster sauce and life is damn good.Alternatives: mac and cheeseThe waffles are good but to be honest with you, I feel like they just get in the way of the best fried chicken I've ever eaten.  (Sober or drunk)  I mean, you wouldn't just go to the original pancake house and get only eggs and hash browns, would you?  Only a goddamn fool would do that.  No, you are the person that goes to Mastro's for the steak, Sapporo for the teppan yaki, and Red Lobster for the, well, red lobster.  (you know what I mean...)  And since you are that person, go to LoLo's.  Get a jar of drink and eat so much chicken that you want to die.  It's a good feeling.
5	Okay, I know this place has been yelped 99 times before me, but I just have to say how much I LOOOOOVE their waffles!!!  I've been there about 3 other times prior, and today was no different!  On this particular day I had the #10 which is two legs and a waffle, and then I had a side of mac and cheese.  As with every other time I'd been here, they did not disappoint.  The chicken was on point, crispy and well seasoned, the mac and cheese was oooey gooey cheesy goodness, and the waffle was oh so scrumptious!!!  They're light and fluffy, they have a hint of cinnamon, the butter they put on top is also fluffy, and the syrup is served hot.  It's orgasmic!!!  So if you want some bomb chicken and the best waffle you've ever had in your life, go to Lo Lo's Chicken & Waffles!!!
5	Being a white girl from Gilbert I never thought I would eat at a place that combines fried chicken with waffles.  The naive inner-workings of my brain caused by the culinary repression in the East Valley were so wrong.  So so wrong.  I will never forget the day I went to Lo-Lo's.Sometimes when you combine two unexpected foods together you reach this special nirvana that you never thought possible.  For some people it is chocolate and bacon (tried that in a cupcake and did not like it) and for me, I reached the ultimate bliss with chicken and waffles.  May the clouds part and the gods sing hallelujah.When the husband and I went, we tried to keep it traditional and ordered some fried chicken, some waffles, some mac and cheese, and some cornbread.  Lo-Lo's clearly believes in the mantra that butter is better.  Everything is loaded with it, and I love it.  The mac and cheese was intensely buttery and creamy, with just the right amount of "mush" in the macaroni to make it down home and comforting.  The chicken is crispy, crunchy, greasy and flavorful... exactly as it should be.  The waffles are thin, soft and buttery with a hint of spice.  The thin and piping hot maple syrup was served along with the waffles.  I found the best way to combine everything is to shred your chicken as best as you can, sprinkle it on top of your super-buttered waffles, douse it in syrup, and then dive in.  One bite of this and you know what I am talking about.There is nothing wrong with this place.  It's hectic and loud with the cooks and servers yelling at each other, but it's comforting and peaceful in it's own special way when your server smiles and hands you your mason jar full of soda.  You want authentic?  Go here, and you can't go wrong.Lo-Lo's, I will love you forever, my body be damned.
5	Ever get that feeling when you're hungry that you could eat just about anything, but nothing sounds all that appealing? I was having a case of that a couple weekends back, so I just had to call up my friends and tell them we're trying out a new place. Just like everyone on the planet (outside of those nutso vegan types), I've had my fair share of fried chicken. However, I had heard of Lo-Lo's a couple times, and I felt I was doing myself and my friends a disservice by not having tried it out already.I was absolutely right. Admittedly, the wait to get inside was pretty long, but this seems to be the norm at the best places in town. Most likely, people are tired of hanging around Applebee's waiting for an overdone steak.Upon finally walking inside, I was bestowed with an image that will be burned into my mind until the dirt nap: Shaquille O' Neal was sitting at a small table and looking at his phone with a very generous meal laid out before him. He had driven to the restaurant in his Ferrari (an F360, I believe). If this place is good enough for Shaq, it's good enough for me. I mean, who am I? Shaq could step on me and I'd be in Traction.Anyway -- all Shaqs aside -- the Lo-Lo meal is perfect. Good-sized portion, but not overdoing it. Three pieces of chicken and two big waffles for nine dollars. Of course, make sure to have a little extra for a drink. Sides are available as well, but the chicken and waffles alone filled me up right. Some of the best fried chicken I've had in a long time (at least since last time I went to Mrs. White's), and certainly the best waffles. What else can I say? I'm a believer.While you may not have the same experience I did (I doubt Shaq lives in the restaurant), you will love this place if you even moderately enjoy soul food. It's got a charm all its own and some of the best eats in town.
5	Hands down the best chicken & waffles I've ever had! Being a SoCal guy, Roscoe's in LA has been a frequent stop for me over the years but Lo-Lo's in downtown Phoenix takes the trophy. The only time I've ever been called a CRACKER was at this place. I'm not even a white! Go figure. For the record, some people may think this establishment is in a rough/sketchy part of downtown. That's up to you to decide. I felt safe. Its blocks from Chase Field & US Airways Arena. So if you're headed to a Sun's or D-Backs game, you gotta stop by Lo-Lo's prior to get yourself some fried chicken. You'll love it!
4	I've noticed that this place has gotten a majority of 5 stars, well that may be due to the awesome chicken with the tasty skin that you just have to devour, and the greens that had me picking up my bowl and consuming the goods like 3 year old, but can I get some room, please! I'm knocking elbows with everyone around me. When I want to fully enjoy my meal I want all of it to go into my mouth, not down my shirt because the person behind me had to get up and shoved my chair right to the table. No elbows on the table here; there's no room!!! oh, and the mac n' cheez is good and all but why is it after 2 bites I taste nothing but cream of mushroom soup and not cheese.....just a thought! and that is why I give 4 stars and not 5......
4	Lo-Lo's is exactly the sort of place which explains the reason I love Yelp. As a tourist in Phoenix, I would never have found this place on my own but as a fan of fried chicken, I'm so glad Yelp pointed me in its direction.Lo-Lo's is a small restaurant on a side street with street parking. It has a real mom and pop family atmosphere as you walk in.As I wanted to try the famous red velvet pie for dessert, I limited myself to trying the fried chicken and waffles, which sounded an odd combination to a British palate. Well, the fried chicken was great but not the very best fried chicken I've ever had. The waffles were nice but I'm still not 100% sure they're the best fit for fried chicken. There was so much else on the menu I wanted to try but my stomach had no space left. The red velvet cake was nice and sweet but the portion size defeated this British stomach!The staff kindly offered me a free Lo-Lo's T-shirt when they found out I had come all the way from London. Main disappointment is that I missed Shaq on my visit!
5	Chicken and Waffles? Who would have thought?I'm not sure how to sum it up except just a fun little place with great food! The waffles and homefries were my favorite (not much of a fried chicken person, but someone with me said it was good).They serve Kool-aid, lemonaide, soda, etc...in a big mason jar. It's just that kind of place.It's a must-do as food goes in Phoenix. It reminded me of the south.
5	I'm from LA, and I LOVE Rosco's Chicken and Waffles. I was apprehensive about this place, based on high expectations, which I hold from Rosco's. However, Lolo's was THE JAM! The parking = easier and better and safer than Rosco's (any location) The wait = only 20 minutes on a Saturday morning at 10am. Rosco's would have been at least 45 minutes. The service = friendly and welcoming. They had no intention of rushing us out of there, even though there was a wait list at the host stand. I could tell that our server (Sarah, I think) wanted us to have a comfortable, relaxing meal. The food = Just as good as Rosco's (which means, superb!). I ordered the #10, which is two chicken legs and a waffle. The chicken was insanely buttery and moist, with perfect crispy crust. The waffle was short, flat, covered in butter, and accompanied by piping-hot syrup. That's exactly how I like it. I also asked our server for an order of her favorite side dish, and she brought me a side of collared greens, which were the best I've ever had. They were buttery, crisp, and somehow spicy. I asked one of the other employees how they got the spice, and he said it's crushed red pepper flakes, though he seemed unsure. Whatever it is, it's heaven. This place is worth a trip, and definitely worth the cost. Thank you Lolo's!
4	I've always thought Roscoe's was THE place to go for chicken and waffles... until I had Lo-Lo's.The place is pretty small, but they are big on food. The first time i went, our portions were huge - good enough for two leftover meals. I learned on my second visit to not over do myself.The chicken is well cooked - the meat is still juicy and moist on the inside, while the outside batter is fried to crispy perfection.The side of mac and cheese was the best I've had in a while - it seemed to have sauteed onions with multiple types of cheese as the base.The waffles were slightly disappointing and soggy on both of my visits - perhaps this is a personal preference though,
3	I really don't know how to rate Lolo's, because, frankly, this place killed me.  It was only temporary, but I was definitely dead, heart stopped, for a solid five or six seconds.  Lolo's is serious eats.  So good, it was just painful.  Literally.  I really don't think I can return anytime soon.  I know it's for the best.I'm nowhere near joking.
5	Lo-Lo's never disappoints!
4	yumtastic!! just don't forget your safety whistle and pepper spray! ....even during the day....
5	Oh. My. God.How have I never been to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles after 8 years in the Valley? Shame on all of my friends for waiting so long to take me to this hidden gem!!Think fried chicken with your breakfast of waffles, eggs, and cheese grits sounds gross?  Well you have never been more wrong my friend!I don't quite know how, but it was oh so right.  And I am not a big meat with my eggs fan (i.e. steak and eggs) fan in general so no one was more surprised than me when I was left craving some more of that delicious fried perfection after Brad E was kind enough to share some of his with me.The waffles are dusted with cinnamon and melt in your mouth.  The cheese grits are wonderfully authentic to a southern girl such as myself, and let's be honest, who in their right mind would ever complain about a freakin' Mason Jar filled to the brim with delicious kool-aid.I ordered WAY too much food for myself (shocker) so I didn't even get to sample the mac and cheese, corn, and other incredibly enticing side dishes that were scattered about my table.Yes, the place is kind of cramped and you'll wait longer than you want for your food, but deal with it, you'll be thrilled you did.
5	I have been wanting to try Lo-Lo's for a while now and let me tell you this place did not disappoint. There are so many great reviews I don't have much to add. Here's what I loved:I saw Shaq walking out when I was coming inThey serve Kool Aid and strong a$$ ice tea in mason jarsThe fried chicken must have crack in it - so juicy and delicious, you know it's bad for you but you keep coming back.. Just one more hit Fried okra rocksWaffles are slightly sweet and cinnamony and who woulda thought to throw some fried chicken on top!This is not the sort of joint to frequent if you care at all about your waistline, but when you want to indulge go to Lo-Lo's, get the fried chicken on a waffle and try not to go in to a coma before you leave.
5	This place is ridiculously good, i dont think i could find a flaw in its food quality if i tired. The waffles are crispy on the outside and fluffy inside. The fried chicken was perfect with crispy skin and no uncooked fatty parts as i normally see with other places and it also had a delicious seasoning, the meat was also good being tender and juicy. They get creative points with kool aid too and this aint no bitch kool aid we mad as kids this is great kool-aid that somehow keeps it flavor even with melting ice in it. i cant wait to go back its great kinda like hot sex on a plate.
3	Waffles were good.  Chicken was good but not as good as at the sister restaurant, Mrs. White's.  Service wasn't very good.  Great cultural experience.
4	It's easy to like the things that everybody else likes. It's human nature to want to be loved and to want to be accepted. Deep in our DNA, we are still pack animals (as in "a scrum of rugby's", as opposed to pack animals as in "pack all that crap on that animals back and let's go").My sense of needing to belong was what brought me to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles a few years ago, and my sense of "I haven't had a decent chicken and waffles fix for a while" brought me back today!You won't see me wax rhapsodic over the flavor and lightness of the perfectly crusty and delectable fried chicken...I won't fawn over whoever is in the kitchen turning out delicious waffle after delicious waffle.I can't sit here all afternoon and go on and on about the many delectable sides like the buttery and cheesy grits, the melt in your mouth fried okra, and the gallons and gallons of sweet tea or homemade lemonade that you can consume with your lunch at Lolo's.It's not the interesting menu items like fried gizzards, and fish and grits, that you just can't get other places that stir my soul.I'm not moved to hyperbole (pronounced "high-per-bowl":) by the blending of sweet maple syrup, buttered waffles and savory fried chicken on the plate.I am not reduced to tears by some of the best red velvet cake to come out of an oven in the greater Phoenix Area.No, it's the people at Lolo's that make me go back, and the sense of belonging and of being one of the Lolo's "pack"...that and some of the best fried chicken, waffles, grits and cake that you will ever eat.Go to Lolo's...you're family, you should drop by once in a while:)
5	I love going to Lo-Lo's.  It's unique and clever, the food is terrific, and the wait is reasonable - standard breakfast waiting.  The whole concept of Chicken with Waffles appeals to me on so many levels. It's a great place to take visitors and family members who have never been there.  It leaves a smile on your face for the whole day!
5	I had to travel all the way to Phoenix for some good fried chicken!!  After a super hot day of walking through the Botanical Gardens, the only thing that got me through was thinking about checking out Lo-Lo's and the let me tell you that they didn't disappoint!  The place was packed at 5pm but we luckily got in super fast.  Our table tried a little bit of everything.  The Chicken and Waffles, Fried Catfish, Fried Redfish, Collard Greens, and the Gizzards.  Let me start with my favorite, the fried chicken.  Delicious!!  Perfectly seasoned and crispy.  It's hard to find a place where they put the right seasonings in the fried chicken, but Lo-Lo's got it just right.   A great balance of seasoning to give the chicken some zing and super crispy.  The catfish was great, with a similar seasoning.  Nice big filets and not greasy at all, same goes for the redfish.  The redfish was like a southern version of fish and chips.  I'm not a fan of gizzards, but Lo-Lo's got it right so that they were tender instead of rubbery and how can it fail smothered with gravy?  Let's also not forget the waffle, damn that thing was good, with some cinnamon or something in the batter so that it was just a good without the syrup.  I'm also an unsweetened tea kind of girl now, but Lo-Lo's brought back memories with their sweetened tea in big mason jars, just perfect.The service was great as well.  Enjoy the ambiance b/c it was authentic and the people that waited on us were awesome.I'll be making Lo-Lo's a permanent stop on all my trips back to Phoenix!!
4	Convention day started off with a bang with a super cool workshop from 10-5 today followed up by a run to Lo-Lo's.  Now, this place is located opposite someplace with barbed wire on the fence and adjacent to some pretty decrepit looking buildings.  The waitress told us to sit anywhere and we located a mini-room with an open table.I ordered the BABY RAY (3 pcs of chicken (I chose leg, thigh, and wing) smothered in gravy and onions).  First off, the pieces were just massive.  I mean large, but incredibly juicy and tasty.  The gravy was good, as were the waffles.I also shared the CHICKEN GIZZARDS & RICE served smothered in onions and gravy.  I didn't care for this too much as both deep frying this thing and smothering it in gravy were just a bit on the much side.  The CANDY SWEETS (yams) were just okay as well.  I washed it all down with some fine 1/2 sweet tea and 1/2 lemonade.Overall, I like the fried chicken and gravy in my neighborhood better (see Moe's Chicken & Waffles in Fontana, CA), but I don't think you'll be disappointed by Lo-Lo's.  As far as a need to eat in this area, I think FEZ wins this bout.
5	I'm pullin' an Al Bundy on the couch after dining at LoLo's.  You know - he sits on the couch, slouched with his hand down the front of his pants to give more room to his gut.  That's me right now, only with WAY better hair.Had the #10.  Because I'm a 10, get it?  Two chicken legs with a waffle.  I went with Julia T., Jason W., Nathan S., Amanda B., and David SB tonight.  We all ordered different sides so we could share.  Our end of the table shared the collard greens , mac and cheese and candied sweet potatoes.The platter of chicken and waffles arrived.  You should see the scoop of butter on the waffle!  A scoop!  Not a pat!  The chicken legs were perfectly done - moist, not greasy, with an awesome coating that wasn't too much.  The waffle was perfectly crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.  I'm glad it came with syrup, not maple syrup.  I detest maple anything.  I lived in New England too long.Nathan leaned over and suggested we pretend we were making an Ice Cube movie, Babershop-style, and pick an actor to play each of us.  I was Angela Bassett, of course.  Collard green were yummy!  Not over-cooked, with hunks of the stems thrown in.  The sweet potatoes were pretty sweet, but not overly so.  Mac and cheese?  Yes, please! (that rhymed!)  And the tea.  Ohhhhhh the tea.  I got the half and half sweet.  I figured there was enough sugar in my meal that I didn't want to bounce off the walls and crash like a 4-year old after Halloween.  I had two huge glasses - actually, jars.  It's served in Kerr canning jars.  The big ones.  It was so good (How good was it???) that as I got up from my corner seat and walked around to leave, I reached over to take one last huge swig.  I'm full.  Not Thanksgiving-dinner full, but properly sated after a meal at LoLo's.  The company rocked and I couldn't have asked for a more pleasant dinner crowd!  (p.s. We pegged Whoopie to play Julia.  Ha!)
4	I have a one track mind, I can't be saved, Lo-Lo's is all I craveI know I have to face it -- I'm addicted to Lo-Lo'sFrom the crispy fried chicken, the waffles that melt in your mouth, the attentive service with a warm welcoming smile. I just can't get enough.I know I have to face it -- I'm addicted to Lo-Lo's
3	*yay!* this is my 200th review!!!!Ok, so I wanted to do something special for my 200th review, so I took myself to LoLo's chicken and waffles for lunch today.  I had really high expectations, but left kind of feeling a little let down.  I got there, and sitting outside the front door was some girl who I guess was the hostess.  She asked me how many and I told her it was just me. I felt kind of awkward.  She showed me inside and asked if I wanted to sit at this crammed little bar facing basically a freaking wall.  I asked to be seated somewhere else, as it was really uncomfortable to sit there.  So, she sat me in another room near the kitchen area.  Did this place used to be a house or something?  It had to have been.  It feels like theres a zillon different little rooms with tables.  Anyways, so I finally got sat at a real table.  Mazel Tov.   A girl took my drink order, but the service was slow to order. I waited and waited and finally a server came and took my order. I went for the 2 chicken legs and a waffle.  Service actually kinda sucked, but I'm willing to let it go.  I won't hold it against them since everyone seems to like it so much.So, they bring out my food.  I guess it was okay, but not the greatest food Ive sunk my teeth into. I surprisingly was full when I finished.  the chicken was good, but I think the waffles is what got me.  It came with a nice amount of butter, which I smeared all over the waffle, and then drowned it in syrup. I liked it!  Thier butter really made a difference.While I was eating, I was happy to see 2 autographs of the Harlem Globetrotters players on the wall, both of which I obviously know.  Impressive!Needless to say, I guess I was expecting more.  Service was spotty, unimpressive, and actually kind of sucked.  Food was decent, but not earth shattering.  I will probably return, but probably not for some time.
5	Awesome!  If you haven't tried it, you have to; that's all I'm going to say.   I really want to go back again.
5	It was everything i dreamed it would be: greasy, fatty, salty, sweet, syrupy, buttery - delicious. It's worth the hype. I ate it all and regret nothing.Well done, Lolo's.
5	Hit Lo-Lo's again recently and it did not disappoint.I definitely think this is the best fried chicken that I've ever had. Also quite enjoy the excellent waffles with it. While I'd heard of the pairing, I'd never tried it prior to going to Lo-Lo's. Just works for me. I also ended up with 3 mason jars of Kool-Aid, which I love. As the Mrs. and her visiting friend are from Australia, they are not familiar with Kool-Aid. When it came out they said "red cordial"! Me not being familiar with this red cordial didn't know what that meant. I guess in Australia red cordial has a bad rep for inducing hyperactivity. Of course there is the sugar but then they also think the red food coloring contributes. Since we really did not need our 4 year old and 2 year old more hyper, I ended up with theirs as well. Fine with me. I will admit that I did not finish all 3. Those mason jars are huge!The rest of the group, kids included, also love their meal.Among us we had several different pieces of chicken (breast, thigh, wing), waffles, grits, collard greens and mac & cheese. Pretty much everything was a hit. The ladies absolutely loved the collard greens and we put away about 3 orders among the 5 of us. The mac & cheese (a JW recommendation) was also a very big hit. We also modified our grits order to no butter (not sure if that is sacrilege) and while I don't know if my mouth enjoyed it quite as much, I didn't feel like I was going to die from richness as I'd felt after the previous visit.The staff was super nice as always and we also love the atmosphere in there. Especially liked seeing the Shaq signature on the ceiling in the room with the counter.Ready to go back!
5	OM Heavenly G!!!  Who knew fried chicken and waffles went so well together!!!  My daughter was in heaven!!  She loved her chicken and she doesn't eat much meat at all but the crispy fried chicken had her knawing on the bone.  I ate my entire plate and so did my daughter.  And she has been asking to go back ever since.  And the sweet tea....YUM!!  It was just right, not overly sweet.  I don't know that a place like this exists anywhere in the Northern CA/Bay Area but someone should open one!  For now this is one reason I'm glad I live in Phoenix.....I will be a frequent customer.  The inside feels like you walked into someone's house and I never would have known it was there since it's in a non descript part of town...kind of industrial.  We got there pretty early and by the time we left, the place was packed!  I have been craving this chicken since we went there...I know we will be back!!!  And often!
4	So excited to try Lolo's, I went in looking to get the full soul food/chicken and waffle expereince and I knew I had to head to tha' "hood" to get it.  This location is a small house that has tables in the various rooms, the space is a little tight but home-y.   Once I ordered I had my food within minutes!  I had the red Kool-Aid served in a large mason jar. I wanted to have the full Lolo's experience so I ordered a side of mac n cheese and collard greens to compliment my waffle and chicken. Oh boy was I pleased. The waffle is light and flavorful with just a hint of cinnamon. I make sure to get a bite with waffle and chicken, syrup covered and a dash of hot sauce. YUMMM!!! I can't wait to go again and I recommend it to all my friends!!
2	Lo-Lo's is a No-No! I read all these great reviews, my mouth was watering and saved my appetite.  I was REALLY disappointed.  We arrived there at 12:00pm on a Tuesday afternoon.Items we ordered*2 chicken wings w/waffle*2 drumsticks w/red beans and rice*fried okra*greens*red velvet cake*1/2 tea and 1/2 sweet teaOh the chicken.....................not crispy and NO flavor!!  Like another reviewer said, "my mom makes better fried chicken"  - I couldn't agree with her more!  I was thinking about Popeye's chicken while eating this one.  Missing the crispiness and flavors.The waffle was very good.  Had a hint of cinnamon.Red beans and rice tasted like it someone opened a can of baked or chili beans and poured it over rice.  Popeye has won over this one too.Thank goodness for the greens!!  They were tender and DELISH!!!!  But is it worth driving there to get greens.... i dunno...The coating on the fried okra was hard.Oh Noooo..... the red velvet cake was the WORST!!!  If there is Red Velvet cake at an establishment, I'll always try it.  I was sooooo disappointed with this one. I only took two bites and had to push it away.  It was too dense and it tasted like there was tons of oil in it.  The cake didn't have flavor, just red.  The frosting was waaay too sweet.  Try Tammie Coe's instead.   I grew up on Southern food and this place was not tasty at all. The service was friendly, but slow.One star is for the greens One star for the waffle
4	I have always heard about Roscoe's in southern California as being the best chicken & waffles ever, but I've never tried it, so I don't know how Lo-Lo's compares to it. But I loved Lo-Lo's, not just for the food, but for the whole experience. The restaurant looks like a house, drinks are served in giant mason jars, and service is very casual, very chill, yet extremely hospitable. Now to the food. Juicy chicken, thick and flavorful gravy, cheesy mac & cheese, tasty okra, very yummy collard greens, and a homemade-tasting waffle. My boyfriend and I each got the soul food platter. I ordered the chicken fried, while he ordered his chicken smothered in onions and gravy, and what I mentioned previously were the sides we ordered. Delicious!! Great comfort food that made me want to sink into my chair in complete happiness. I'm not a big fan of Phoenix as a city, but if I return to Phoenix for some reason, Lo-Lo's is a must go-to.
4	I feel no guilt at all eating chicken, waffles, and mac & cheese from Lo-Lo's because their food is worth what has to be a ridiculously high caloric intake. The waffles are hands down the best I have had in the Valley. My mother will also be excited to know I will even eat the okra at Lo-Lo's (it's fried). Their sweet tea is also amazing, and everytime I go I wish I had a brought a jug with me so I could have them fill it up and take it home.Improvements they have made over the last few years include an additional add-on to the restaurant (a converted house) for more seating, as well as some signage off of Central so you don't miss the turn onto Yuma Street. For first timers concerned about the neighborhood and/or what some believe to be the strange combination of chicken & waffles -- JUST GO. I have been to Lo-Lo's at lunchtime as well as late at night and never had an issue. To the chicken & waffle non-believers - try it once and you will get it.
5	Props to Flow Rida:Jim W had the Fried Chicken [Chicken]Cornbread on the side [On the Side]The whole plate was lookin at meI  hit the food  [He hit the food]Next thing you knowJim W gonna be back to  lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo Them plates full of foodAnd the Waffles with the syrup [With the syrup]I turned around and gave that big helping a go [Hey!]I hit the food [He hit the food]Next thing you knowJimmy ate at lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo  I ain't never ate nuthin that made me say Yo,this crazy good food for not a lot of doughMight have a million calories but that's alright ya' know,Them waffle cakes, they win place and showSo tasty, it was consumableProfessional, flavor incredible Awesome fried chicken [Chicken]Sides I must concur [Must Concur]This food could give the food scene a stirI  hit the food  [He hit the food]Next thing you knowJim W gonna be back to  lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo lo-lo
4	I live in Cali so my loyalty is to Roscoe's, but I must admit that Lo-Lo's is just as good.  The service was absolutly wonderful, so that made my dining experience even better.  LOVED the sweet tea - it was perfect! The greens were phenomenal and that waffle...OMG!  I can't wait to get back to Phoenix just to get another piece of the red velvet cake!
3	"Jews and Catholics are the only people with soul" according to a friend.  Since I can't alter my birth or upbringing at this late date, perhaps I could buy some soul, become a whole person... the friendly folks at Lo-Lo's were quick to help me try.  Sorry, it doesn't work that way - I could buy happiness in the form of a tender waffle and tasty smothered chicken, but only my belly felt appreciably fuller, not my teeny heart.  My shallow thoughts were of how the waffle beat Roscoe's, but not the plumb but plainly seasoned & fried breast.  I wasn't moved to any emotion deeper than my jelly jar of beautiful red luscious Kool Aid/punch.
5	Took my father to Lo-Lo's for Father's Day.  Got there at 9:50 for the 10am opening, had 3 friends show up a few minutes later and we all got seated together.  Got coffee and tea and talked so much that it didn't bother us that the service takes a while.  But worth the wait!!  My 7 year and her 8 year old friend inhaled their chicken and waffles!  My dad got got the catfish and grits and I wished I'd watched 'cause he may have licked his bowl.  One of my friends had the salmon cakes and I had a chicken breast, waffle and grits - but after eating the waffle and grits I took the chicken home.  Ah, the best fried chicken EVER as dinner...a good treat!
4	The first place in two weeks where I've felt welcome in Phoenix! My boyfriend finally came to visit, and after my two trying weeks of lectures and starting student-teaching, I wanted a treat, even though I had just caught a cold from one of my students. We had been back-and-forth yelping, and Lo-Lo's was something we knew we definitely had to try.... but we had no idea how to get there from ASU in Tempe. After trying for half an hour to use the Valley Metro Trip Planner (which gets a NEGATIVE 4 stars for being completely unintuitive and impossible!), we called Lo-Lo's and were immediately giving light rail and bus directions. After probably an hour and a half, during which we are getting hungrier and hungrier, and all our conversation is redirecting to fried chicken, we walk in the door and are immediately welcomed and told to sit whereever we like. We grab a table, and are offered drinks. I got a re-fillable jar of some of the best sweet tea I've ever had (although walking three blocks in 100 degree weather may have biased that opinion sometime), and we also got two ice waters to rehydrate. We looked at the menu and immediately knew what we wanted. I ordered the soul food platter, 3 pieces of fried chicken, cornbread, and sides of mac n'cheese and collard greens. Daniel ordered the Lil' Amadi, which was 1 leg and 1 thigh with a waffle, and a side of red beans (no rice). Okay. So. I don't like waffles. I'm used the Belgian waffles, which are way too huge and fill me up with bread taste and make me feel bloated. Lo-Lo's waffle blew me away; it literally was like buttery, slightly mealy, air. I kept stealing bites until I basically ate the whole thing, drenched in maple syrup and fluffy whipped butter. The red beans and collard greens were incredible! We both agreed that they were our favorites of the whole meal (two former vegans... haha): the beans had a touch of sweetness, simultaneously savory and tender. The collards had basically no bitterness at all, but weren't super salty. They were tender and cut into small slices that perfectly combined into a side-appropritate mouthfull. The mac n'cheese was pretty good but I didn't really focus on its taste. The chicken! Oh my god. I've never had breast meat that was still juicy. Incredible texture, the tenderness of the meat and the crispness of the skin juxtaposed. This place definitely blows Roscoe's out, and as a native LA-er, I'm sorry to say it. The price is really great, less than 30 altogether, and we left a large tip because the service was so great! We felt so welcomed by the staff, and we could tell that they were having a chill time as well, singing along to Justin Timberlake in the next room. The only downside (not on their end) was that because of my slight cold, I couldn't taste all the flavors as well as I could have otherwise; that's the only reason this isn't getting a 5, and I can see myself changing that... I also cursed myself for forgetting my camera. I guess that means that I'll have to make another trip out there before I'm out of this desert.
4	I've been waiting forever to try chicken and waffles and I'm so glad Lo-Lo's was the spot to pop my chicken and waffles cherry. It's a humble restaurant in the middle of nowhere, which, had it not been for the huge text sprawled on the side of a building, we would have never noticed the tiny entrance. I came here with my girlfriend while visiting her at institute and this was one of the highest reviewed restaurants in the area so we thought it would be a good idea to give it a try. The staff is extremely welcoming and helpful. They took the time to help us find a way to the restaurant using public transportation(we were coming from ASU so we had to use both the light rail and bus system) when the trip planner had failed us miserably and would otherwise have left us stranded in 100 degree weather. The space is very cozy and the table and chairs are very much something laypeople could own(wood - painted, none of that hyper-modern furniture here). It's not a super big restaurant so I imagine they could get packed very easily during peak business hours. The food here is absolutely amazing. I got to try a few dishes:1. Lil' Amadi(waffle plus leg and thigh of chicken) - This is the best fried chicken I've ever had. The skin was not soggy at all and had a very nice crisp/crunch to eat. The skin was not rubbery at all and gave away easily with a little resistance(which is nice, because super flaky skin is never good and a teeny bit of resistance keeps the skin together on the chicken). The skin to meat ratio was also good - in other words, I didn't feel like I was either eating nothing but skin or that they were being skimpy with the skin. The meat was extremely juicy and my girlfriend let me try some of her white meat and it is one of the few times(other than in Pho) that I've had white meat that is juicy. The waffle was also one of the best waffles I've ever had and I usually hate waffles. The waffle here was on the thinner side and had great texture. It was slightly crispy on the outside while maintaining a very moist inside - great texture combination. Also, the waffle wasn't soggy. This is key because I usually hate Belgian waffles because they're too thick, cakey, and tend to get soggy in the middle and are just plain gross. They give you a healthy dose of butter and syrup which made eating the chicken and waffles much more enjoyable.Soul Food Platter - My girlfriend and I basically ordered two dishes and tried eachother's dishes. The soul food platter allows you to choose between chicken or fish and a choice of two side dishes and corn bread. My girlfriend got chicken(three-ish pieces - sometimes I don't consider the chicken wing a full piece because of the higher bone to meat ratio than other parts of the chicken), collard greens, and mac-n-cheese. The collard greens were delicious! They weren't too salty like some of the other times I've tried them. They were also cooked just right - not too soft due to overcooking but not too hard due to undercooking. The leaves were soft and the stalk gave more solid texture to juxtapose with the leaves(but not saying that the stalk was hard - it wasn't - just more firm than the leaves). The mac-n-cheese was okay. I've definitely had better. To me, it was a slightly more gourmet version of the Kraft's mac-n-cheese. The corn bread was also just okay. It was on the more dry side and I ended up having to dip the corn bread in sauce because my salivary glands were running low on lubricant. Red Beans - These were delicious! My girlfriend thinks they cooked them with ham to give it a slightly smokey, salty taste and I think I agree. They're not too sweet which I definitely find to be a characteristic of cheap red beans. Lo-Lo's makes an effort to actually make their red beans savory and it's very evident. The sauce goes great with the cornbread as extra lubricant. In regards to side dishes I recommend getting the collard greens and red beans. Sweet Tea - My girlfriend says that iced tea is usually lackluster because it's just like drinking tea - except cold and that the defining factor to sweet tea is that it's sweet and refreshing - something cold drinks should be. I agree. The sweet tea here was divine and a perfect beverage to our meal and great to have when the weather outside was 100 degrees. Another big plus is that there were unlimited refills! It's served in a huge jar and we easily went through two of them. Amazing. One regret I have is not trying the red velvet cake. The food here is decently priced. It came out to roughly $27 for the both of us and we left extremely full and happy. The reason why I hesitate giving Lo-Lo's five stars is because I'm not a veteran chicken and waffles eater, but rather, a recently deflowered chicken and waffles novice. Until I've had more chicken and waffles to compare to, I will hold off the five stars and just give four stars for now. I definitely recommend this place to anyone in town!
5	I went today for lunch with my husband and really enjoyed everything!!What we had: fried chicken- this was the best I have ever had..it was juicy and flavorful and the skin crispy and deliciousfired catfish: The Best!! wonderful flavor and perfectly cookedbeans over rice- tasted just like homemade, it was really good, did need a little salt thoughmac-n-cheese- yummy..not the best I have had, but still goodcornbread- absolutely perfect and butterysweet tea- this was the best part of the meal and they gave us a to go cup so we could take it with usSERVICE- very welcoming from the time we opened the door until the time we left...they all seem to work together and we were very well taken care ofThank you Lo Lo's !!!!:
4	Yummy chicken and to-die-for waffles with all that buttery goodness. I had gone there with a few colleagues for lunch and though it took them time to seat us and we could not sit together the food more than made up for it.
3	Well I finally ventured to the south side to try out Lo Lo's. Let me start by saying it ain't Roscoe's. I still prefer Roscoe's fried chicken. I think this is a better to go spot than a dine in. The restaurant is very cramped if you are claustrophobic don't dine in, this place is smaller than Matt's BB! I mean you gotta go outside to change your mind. I had to take off a star for the cramped quarters. Then I had to take off another star because it was hotter than hell in there! I was sweating like a sinner in church! Did they even have air? That is not cool literally! I like that they use mason jars to serve the drinks. But they were even sweating before the drinks got to the table that's how hot it was! The staff was very friendly but we had 6 different people come to our table?? We didn't know who our server was. One person came and took a drink order another person delivered it. Then a third person asked if we were ready to order. Then a fourth asked for our order we gave it. Then we had a 5th person who brought the food, and a 6th that we paid the bill with?? What the hell was that about we didn't know who to tip. We also had to sit for what seemed like an eternity on the sun to get our bill paid. For as small as Lo Lo's is they have to many people running around there not a very good use of funds if you ask me. They have about a dozen tables there and I counted 9 people working the floor. That's crazy. Now on to the food, I order fried chicken, smothered potatoes, and buttered corn. I had to laugh when a girl across the room wanted to order grilled chicken and asked what are the potatoes smothered with. This is southern cooking, soul food. It is smothered in gravy! Duh. I thought the chicken was very good and large pieces too. The smothered potatoes were very good just needed a little salt. The buttered corn was right on point. My friend got the catfish and chips. The catfish was good I still prefer Honey Bears Cat! The fries were good too! All in all I think Lo Lo's is A-ok, It would rate better if the restaurant was set up differently and they would use the air conditioner!
3	Wasn't really what I expected, eating at Lo-Lo's. But, I should share that I am not a huge fan of fried chicken to begin with. That said, I can now cross "Eat at Lo-Lo's" off my "things to do at least once" list. Dottsy described the chicken perfectly. It was not greasy nor soggy. I did not find it especially flavorful but did pick up on the baking soda. I was expecting a much denser waffle but found it to be thin and limp. The mac and cheese was super creamy and had hints of cream of mushroom soup. Nothing was really memorable for me, except the collard greens. For some reason, that's the flavor that remains most vivid. They had a delicious healthy greens flavor with a nice chili flake kick. So, Lo-Lo's didn't knock my socks off but Lo-Lo's isn't really for me. It's for people who love fried chicken... so, if that's you, I suggest you not miss this place! You'll probably really like it!!
4	In Short: Gravy smothered awesomeness!!!I didn't have my expectations very high once I walked in, didn't really look like a restaurant but I've heard so many good things from my friends, so had a seat.  Menu is great, there's the usual deep fried culprits and some extras.  Me and my friend went for the 3 piece chicken, I opted for the gravy smothered version.  I was blown away by the taste.  The fried chicken is very crispy, but in the inside its very moist.  Nice blend of spices all around, complements the chicken perfectly.  I'm not a big waffles fan but how could you not love that big dollop of butter siting on top.  The gravy was very delicious, and  the onions were a nice touch.  I washed all this goodness down with their signature sweet tea.  Afterward I went went home and had a nap, let's just say I was very satisfied.
4	OMG! who'da thunk that home cooking could be made for the masses day in and day out. this place had rib sticking food and the best lemonade i've had in a while, it was drank in a jar! we arrived about 12:45pm and saw a line outside, when we almost turned away. it wasn't until my friend Dirty Red pointed out all the caucassians standing off yuma and central in the hood, during the hottest part of the day that made me realize this must be a gold spot!well damn Dirty Red was right! i had the Betty Boop, mac n' cheese and cornbread. my sister the BB too, but with string beans and potatoes (they tasted like they were in a pork broth very tasty). Dirty Red had the biggest meal on the menu and lucky for us, he shared his homestyle potatoes & beans and rice. the chicken was so moist, while fried to perfection! the waffle was thin with buckwheat (i think) and cinnamon. i'm not usually a waffle fan, but this waffle was amazing. the mac n' cheese was so yummy i literally cleaned my plate (my only complaint was the small serving-but i'm sure they knew it was just the right amount) the homefries were great, fried to a perfect golden brown with perfectly soft potatoes on the inside, they melted in my mouth. our only  complaint was the bad service (which i really think is only part of the overall dining experience) we were served our drinks at sporadic times, presented with our food and no utensils (i got up to request some, and 5 minutes later Dirty Red had to get up to request some). but ya know what, it wasn't enought to taint my meal...i just picked up my plump chicken breast and went to town, the waffle had to wait. overall the food is well worth the wait, drive or whatever your obstacle. its the best fried chicken i've had...well..... ever!! go to lolo's you wont regret it!but first you must find the door, it's off yuma by the misters. WARNING: i went home and crashed the F'out after eating here, so be prepared.
5	Alright, I have been away from Yelp for quite some time, and I feel that this place is fitting to be my comeback review...Chicken and Waffles.  Yes, chicken and M'Fin waffles.  In the ghetto?  CheckHas sweet tea?  CheckHas no-nonsense, quick service?  CheckRidiculously long wait?  CheckBest thing that I have eaten in the last year?  CheckI have to say, not the best fried chicken I have ever had, but pretty damn good- it could use more seasoning.  Now the waffles, probably the best ever...  The waffles are deliciously soft inside, a little crispy out with a wonderful cinammoness to them.  The seating is cramped, but it doesn't matter as soon as your food is delivered your table goes quiet, you get tunnel vision and after the first bite you are taken away to an orgy of goodness.If you are in Phoenix, this is a requirement.  Come real early or be prepared to wait.  Don't forget to order the Red Velvet cake and they have Kool-Aid if that fits your fancy.  Even after I came home from Arizona, I couldn't stop talking about LoLo's for like 2 weeks.  Shoot, two months later and I am still drooling thinking about it...
4	I LOVE LO-LO's.
5	A hole in the wall in South Phoenix.... I order: The "Betty Boop" - a plate with 1 waffle and 1 fried chicken breast.  Add a huge mason jar of the sweetest & reddest Koolaid (or Sweet Tea - depending on my mood) and a side of grits drowning in melted butter and I'm a happy girl.Their Red Velvet Cake is also amazing. I know fried chicken and waffles seem like an odd combination but it's really interesting and satisfying - with the syrup and hot sauce for the chicken.... Yum Yum.  It's one of my family's favorites!!!  TRY IT!!!!
5	Yes, your heart will hate you for the next few months, and you may not be able to come back here for a while out of fear of having a coronary, but this place is amazing!  Mmmm...fried chicken, waffles, mac and cheese, red velvet cake, and the Kool-Aid in the mason jar.  Far better than Roscoes!  And if you're lucky you'll spot a few Cardinals players.  I've seen some DE from the Cardinals when I was down here.
5	Lolo's is my dirtiest secret. Well, it's one of 'em anyway. I don't care where I live in AZ, all roads lead to this joint. I'll admit, on my first trip, I was scared. Scared I wouldn't find the joint. Scared I'd park illegally in the non-lot. Scared I wouldn't get a seat. And finally, scared of what fried chicken with gravy and onions would actually taste like.None of my fears were warranted. There's ample street parking at Lolo's. If you have to hoof it a little to get there, you'll appreciate the walk back to the car. And you'll need it to burn off a fraction of what you've just put down. At peak times, things get a little hectic inside. There's not much of a waiting space but the Lolo's staff is friendly and helpful, they'll get your butt in a seat as quickly as they can. They'll also guide you toward places to stand where you won't be a hazard to the heavy trafficking of chicken, collared greens, mac and cheese and, of course, waffles going on. Once you're seated, eat it all. Seriously though, there's a Lolo's platter for everyone and plenty of sides. Service is friendly and efficient without be hurried or quick. That said, this place is all about the food. It's my favorite place to take out-of-town guests. In short, Lolo's is the type of place that Phoenix can be proud of.
5	Delicious Delicious DeliciousLoLo's will satisfy your craving for southern cooking for the change in your pocket. The option to have all white meat is there although when you come to a place like LoLo's go all the way. The staff is nice and welcoming. Tip Tip Tip the wait staff some of them wait on a lil stool outside in the heat to greet people#5 is what I ordered and it was great!
5	I cannot begin to say how much I loved my first trip to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles...  there was so much on the menu I can't wait for my next visit.  I totally recommend  it.  Love the ice tea!!! The Waffles melt in your mouth.  And the Chicken was soooooooooooo good!
5	There are so many dimensions on which LoLo's deserves 5 stars. Let me count the ways in which I love you, LoLo:1. Sweet tea, best this side of Mississippi. 'Nuff said. Serving in giant mason jars, now that's just gilding the lilly.2. Top rate fried chicken.3. Delicious, golden brown waffles with  a touch of cinnamon and enough butter to qualify you for a free coronary stent if you bring your receipt from breakfast to any local hospital.4. Real grits. Cheese optional (highly recommended). Also served with an obscene amount of butter.5. Fried okra, red velvet cake, Kool Aid (also in ginormous mason jars), the list goes onThis place oozes character, charm, incredible food, not to mention half melted butter that seems to find it's way onto anything and everything on your plate (and really what isn't made better with melted butter?).LoLo's also serves as an excellent litmus test to see if that new guy/gal you've been seeing are going to work out in the long run. Anyone who can plow through a number 1 is A-OK in my book.
5	Lo-Lo's is rigoddamndiculous. If you don't like this place there is something absolutely wrong with you.Came here for #smunch this past Saturday morning with some of Phoenix' finest ... and I am positive no one was disappointed.. I got the Betty Boop which consisted of a juicy breast of chicken and a large, butter soaked waffle with hints of cinnamon.. when I say butter soaked, I am not even exaggerating. Delicious! Being the fat kid that I am, I also ordered a side of smothered potatoes, ie: roasted taters drenched in their homemade gravy. FYES! FTW! I also got Kool-aid. In a mason jar. Why did I ever stop drinking the stuff? I don't know. Memories of childhood immediately flooded my mind along with a 5 hour long sugar high. I probably gained 5 pounds, but whatever.. This food takes you into instant Utopia, followed by an instant food coma. I think we had about 5 different servers as well, but how can you complain about that? They were on top of their game!Do not come here if you are trying to eat healthy or have issues with cholesterol and/or get annoyed with really loud drunk/hungover people (depending on the time of day you come, sometimes they're open till 3am). Oh, and don't even worry about the location, safe no, sketch yes, worth it, absolutely. AmazingaZING!
3	I'm originally from the deep south so when I moved away, I started missing the soul foods.  I really was excited when I found this place on yelp so without hesitation, I went.  When I got there, it was pretty obvious that it wasn't the best part of the town but because of the location, it gave more authentic feel to the restaurant with wooden boards and steel bars blocking some of the windows.  When you go in, the lady at the back counter will greet you and unless you know what you want, you have to ask for a menu.  Everyone is friendly and seemed like there were a lot of regulars who even knew the waitress's names.  I tried the LoLo's famous soulfood platter for $13.  I did not read the fine print so I ended up not getting the famous chicken.When I got my food, I was about to go outside and one of the southern gentleman came from the back just to open the door for me saying "have a nice day miss."  That was nice, I miss being treated as a lady.  The food was less than what I expected.  The fish was dry, waffle was more like a pancake and rice with gravy....I had better.  I even heard some guys complaining the price and quality of food outside when I was walking toward my car.  *Food = ok I guess but I had better...*1 - 2 STARS* if this review was based solely on the food*Service = ok*Ambiance = *+1 STAR* the whole place is filled with the deep south feeling.  I'm definitely happier in the west coast but it is nice to be able to feel like home sometimes.*Location = not the nicest part of the neighborhood but as long as you go during the day, it is very safe.
4	So its Saturday AM, and a group of folks are meeting for the month's SMUNCH gathering. The location doesn't thrill me, still I know better than to judge the look of the joint, still.. ok.. lets go eat.The prices seem high $7 was my waffles 1 chicken leg (fried chicken..mm mm). I get a sweet tea, and I mean sweet tea, in a mason jar. That part was cool, reminded me of the Chuck Box, so no biggie in that respect, plus you can really get a lot of liquid into one of those...and they are easy to wash and maintain. That much I know from restaurant operations.The food was good and I certainly was full till dinner, late dinner at that. On my way in a group of folks was leaving, the little girl got a bit ahead of everyone ..and the mom shouted out her to "stay with the family".. it was a cultural thing for me.. reminded of days in Georgia and other places where emphasis is placed on the family. Once inside I saw that same atmosphere, where it was definitely a family place, service was good, and the food came quick...and was yum. Maybe I just missed some good soul food. I wasn't brave enough for the greens and such..still had a great meal. Did I mention that the food was awesome...
5	This place is ridiculously good!  Came here with 3 of my foodie friends.  Of course, we had to try the chicken and waffles.  I've never actually eaten this combo before but I loved it!  The sweet tea was REALLY sweet, too sweet for me.  Ok, but the mac and cheese was the best I've ever eaten.  I would marry that mac and cheese if I could.  The four of us practically fought over the last bites of it.  We also had some other sides, including the beans and rice, corn bread, and the collard greens, all of which were good but....still no match for that mac and cheese!
5	soul food in the desert?....was in town for the 49er game & this was one spot i had to try before leaving....a couple of people recommended this spot while in az...for all u west coast folks that have been to roscoes down in so cal...this place is as good as it gets...better have an appetite cuz its hella fulfilling....had the fried chicken wit thick gravey...side of waffles...my cousin had the same order/no gravey wit eggs on the side...pricing is not an issue...i kno my cousin from az  will spread the word about this place to his homies....
4	Anyone with a history of heart related issues should NOT dine here!I've been to a number of chicken/waffle houses, and Lolo's can hang with the best of them.  The fried chicken has a good balance between greasy and juicy, with seasoning that isn't overpowering.  The waffles were fairly standard, but it's hard to really jazz up a waffle.  Add an ice cream scoop's worth of butter and syrup and you are good to go.The mac and cheese was good, but not spectacular.This spot is a little hard to find as it is on a very unassuming side street, so keep your eyes peeled.
5	I have had chicken. I have had waffles. And now, I've had chicken AND waffles. Prior to today, I didn't realize the distinction. Prior to today, I never had cause to consider the combination. Prior to today, I didn't realize what I was missing.Now let's be clear: this isn't the place for dieters. It's not a place for any pretentious behavior. The place has "Chicken & Waffles" in the name, OK? And that's what you're going to get. In abundance.Cheap as hell. I had the #1, also known as KK's. Three huge-ass pieces of chicken -- breas, thigh and mutant leg. All battered and fried to perfection. Two waffles the size of Vermont. A bucket of grits with some egg/cheese/onion concoction on the side. OK, I could have done without the last part. But hey, when in a chicken & waffle place...I'm still full. I won't eat dinner tonight. I crashed out for an hour in post-prandial bliss. And I'd have typed this review faster if I could have stopped sucking my fingers like a four-year-old.Damn.
5	I'm vegetarian so I just had the waffles and eggs the first day we went... aside from the line and it taking 10 minutes to get our name on the list, the food was definitely worth the wait. A friend of mine and I were on a road trip, read the awesome reviews here and we were not disappointed! The next morning we CRAVED the waffles. We went back and filled our tummy's with more amazing noms. My friend that went with me recommends the chicken legs instead of the breasts though, she said the breasts were a little dry. Who knew this would actually go together?!?!?! We were amazed. AWESOME PLACE!! I'm driving threw there again in a few days and we are definitely going back!
4	I checked this restaurant out last year the last time I was working in Phoenix. I really wanted Chicken & Waffles for breakfast and the Clarendon Hotel I was staying at used to have this item on their menu. Since I had the craving for Chicken & Waffles the nice staff at the hotel recommended Lolo's Chicken & Waffles. I was not disappointed, the food was amazing, the service was attentive and friendly. The only thing I didn't like was the over one hour wait to get a table. After being seated in the restaurant I can see why seating is an issue, this place is a converted small house and the dining area is limited. The Fried Chicken & Waffles my friend and I had along with the cornbread, mac n cheeze and the Iced tea & Lemonade combo was off the hook. I will be in the Phoenix area again this weekend and since reviewing this restaurant here I noticed a new Lolo's location in Scottsdale which I will be hittin" up!
5	Never had chicken and waffles before, but I was definitely intrigued.  I saw a Throwdown episode on chicken and waffles.  I thought to myself I need to try that.  Lo-Lo's is a great place to try this interesting combination of food.  I had the two piece dark meat with waffles and Kool-aid.  I couldn't finish it so I brought it home.  It was even yummy as a leftover.  Yummy in my tummy is how I'm going to leave it.  :P
4	Everything has been stated so far, it's a guilty pleasure and you leave fat and happy. I twittered that I couldn't move after eating there, and they actually wrote back to me, lol. The only thing that wasn't perfect was that my chicken breast was kind of dry. I know dark meat would probably be juicier so I will try that next time.
4	Before reading this review, you should know I'm from the deep South...I grew up on this kind of food, know how to cook it, and come from a long, long line of people who cook it.Ok, having said that...I'll pay good money to know what their recipe is for the collard greens and the red beans...seriously.  I am ashamed to say (and PLEASE DON'T TELL MY GRANNIE!) that these are the best collard greens I've EVER had.  And, the red beans...wow...just wow.  What makes it even better is that they are made without meat!  ALL of the sides are VEGETARIAN.  no way, right?  They make the most awesome collard greens and red beans and they're all without any creepy pork bones floatin' around.Now for the -1 star part...having grown up in the south, I can tell you that real cornbread does not have sugar in it, people.  I know all y'all yankees like it sweet, and that's fine, but it ain't real southern!  Their grits aren't the best...they cook them too long and they're all mushy (Harlow's or Waffle House has better).  And, having grown up w/catfish fries at least monthly as a child, I can definitely say the catfish batter needs more salt and seasoning...it's a bit bland...still edible though, and where else can you get fried catfish around here w/a side of greens??The other thing that kinda bums me out is that sides are around 3-4 bucks each...making my habit of ordering from the side menu a pit pricey.  Too bad they don't have a "side plate" like other southern restaurants do (like Po'Folks)....Still, four stars it is...I'm addicted to the greens and beans!  And for those of you with a need for your sweet tea fix (you know who you are), it's quite tasty here.p.s. get there early...before 11 or beware of a long line!
5	Returned to Lo-Lo's downtown with some other friends who had never been.  My friend Trish makes her own soul food so I was curious what she would think.  The verdict:  we all agreed the chicken was great, the waffles, too, but the greens just don't match up to hers.  I had cheese grits for the first time and liked them a lot.  Also, took Trish's cue and ordered red cool-aid.  Loved it!  Never been a big fan before, but it just worked with the rest of the food.  It is served in big mason jars.  Lo- Lo's remains a fave of mine.
5	Love their chicken & waffles!!  We ate there for dinner one evening...  We could not get enough, came back the following week for lunch.  Just speaking of chicken & waffles, I need to make a visit again SOON!!
4	I definitely enjoyed Lo-Lo's, but I don't know if part of it wasn't just because of the novelty, and how much I wanted to like it. We went on a Sunday after church, and it was PACKED. We had a very long wait (which told us it must be pretty good!), but the kind people of Lo-Lo's were kind enough to provide us with a shade structure and mister-fan to combat some of that infamous Phoenix heat. They even had a water cooler with cold water for us to enjoy while we waited, so that we would not swoon from heat exhaustion.The food was tasty, that's for sure. I ordered one piece of chicken breast and one waffle. Both items were DELICIOUS! Thank goodness Lo-Lo's knows how to make their namesake dishes, and make them well! I felt like my meal cost a little more than I would have hoped, for just a piece of chicken and a waffle. It's worth going there, though, for the experience.
4	As a first timer of the Southern Fried Chicken + Waffle combo, I must say, it's pretty darn good.  The crispy chicken skin was lightly battered and has some killer seasoning on it. Quite addictive. The waffle, while not impressive on its own, tasted really good with the hot syrup and balanced out the saltiness of the chicken.  It's a good place to grab some economical comfort food right before the airport.
5	I love that places like this still exist. Although I think the fried chicken at Cracker Barrel is better, the waffles and service at this place make it 5 stars....
4	YES! Waffles were actually better than the chicken in my opinion. They were soft and had a nice cinnamon hint to them. I really enjoyed my meal.There is a cool novelty factor at play, but the food speaks for itself, making this place legit.
4	The novelty of the place does impact it but it shouldn't be discounted. Phoenix doesn't have a lot of unique mom and pop restaurants so when you find one like Lo-Lo's that offers soul food in the valley, you should definitely check it out. The food itself was excellent. I've been to Gus' fried chicken in Memphis and the chicken here is just as good. The side dishes is what prevented this place from hitting 5 stars. While they were good, they were nothing special. I will come back here again.One more thing, this place is safe. We went here on a Saturday night assuming the place would be full of questionable characters because the restaurant's location isn't in the best part of the city (Buckeye and Central) and at night on a Saturday, we were a little worried about safety. However, everything was fine. The diners were all classy with a great mixed crowd of African Americans and Whites and even the staff is mixed. It was rather "preppy" believe it or not. We will definitely come back.
4	Went there Saturday afternoon for lunch. We were quickly seated. I was thankful that it was not packed with lines like some of the reviews implied. I think maybe the downtown parade had something to do with it. Phew! Ordered the Lolo's chicken and waffles. Came with a breast, a wing, and a thigh. The skin was crunchy and yummy, a tad on the greasy side but still very good. The waffles with butter and syrup was very yummy. Although I think I expected more waffle/crunchy texture and not as more like pancake type of soft texture. But it's still good. I'd definitely go back! I still liked Roy Rogers fried chicken from the east coast way back when the best in my distorted and disillusioned memory. But this chicken is definitely very good.
5	Lolo's is ridiculously good! I usually get fried chicken smothered in gravey and onions with a waffle on the side. There is nothing about this food that's good for you, but your taste buds will thank you!I've been to Lolo's several times and I've always had to wait in line for a table. Parking isn't so great either, so you may have to walk a block or so after you find a spot.
5	Wow!!! This is the BEST chicken I've had ever! The waffles are amazing. After telling some people abt the restaurant, everyone had a comment to say, but the combo is really good. You aren't mixing the waffles w/syrup and chicken; I mean realistically you can, but they taste so good individually that you you'll savor every bite! I'm going to bring the hubby here! So yummy!
3	I don't get this place.  Hole in the wall atmosphere is awesome, food disappoints.  Waffles tasted like frozen waffles from the grocery store and the chicken was good but not very juicy.  Prefer El Pollo Loco.
4	My wife & I went here for breakfast last week while on vacation and it was a good experience. We both ordered a chicken breast & a waffle because we had to try the classics. I've had chicken & waffles before but it was a long time ago at rosco's in long beach, ca. In any case:- service was great (we got there when the place opened, there weren't that many people in there...yet)- the chicken was very good. - the waffle was 'meh'.- the cheesy grits were good.all-in-all i'd go back and recommend it to friends.
4	LoLo's is a great place for lunch or breakfast, but be prepared to wait outside in a dicey neighborhood for a little while...but i figure it's worth the wait with the amazing food they brew inside. It's not the best chicken I've ever had, but I'm all for supporting local businesses and LoLo's fits that criteria. The service here is decent. Everyone is friendly but they're always in a hurry, running around and such. Oh well, I enjoy it here whenever I visit, the food's awesome and it's not too far from downtown Phoenix.
4	On my quest to visit all the yelp high star places in my hood I stopped by LoLo's today.  I would have never known this place exsisted if it wasn't for yelp.  I had the Betty Boop which is 1 breast and 1 waffle.  The hubs had Sheedah's Special - a breast a wing and a waffle. Since I've never had chicken AND waffles before I had no basis for comparison.  The chicken was a little on the dry side but I really liked the flavor.  The first bites of the waffle kinda reminded me of a frozen waffle but I quickly got past that with the cinnamon, buttery flavors. The iced tea was super good and I love that they serve them in Kerr jars so we didn't require any refills.  Oh!  I almost forgot the grits... because they're forgettable.  I've lived in the south and grits never grew on me.  It's been so long since I tried them and the reviews were stellar; I thought I'd give them a second chance.  I'm sorry grits but if that much butter and cheese can't make you taste good, nothing can.The service was excellent.  Very quick.  Everyone was pleasant except for the hostess.  When we told the server it was our first time there she gave us a free piece of red velvet cake.  Very moist with a cream cheese frosting and walnuts on top.
4	All chicken dinners should start out with a side of waffle, don't you think?A group of us went to Lo Lo's on Saturday night before the opening of Arizona Theatre Company's AIN'T MISBEHAVIN'. We figured dining on soul food would be a great precursor to the amazing music of "Fats" Waller. The service was super-quick (although, it WAS quite early. We were there at 5:30 PM). Our friends who are regulars recommended spouses sharing the Soul Food Platter. I thought that was a good idea, but my husband said, "Next time, I'm getting my own!" We started off with a waffle - yum - and then got our fried chicken (which I never, ever have, so that was a real treat), grits, cornbread, and mac & cheese. OK, this is bad ... I'm getting hungry thinking about our food from last night. I think that's a sign that we will need to return sometime soon. A note about credit cards: They informed us that they would not accept more than 2 transactions per party, which was good to know. Luckily, most people had cash, so we only had to have them run one card. Just be aware, as people are so used to handing over multiple credit/debit cards these days.
5	If you like great fried chicken or catfish, run, don't walk to Lo-Lo's. The fried chicken is the best in Phoenix. Throw in a waffle - yes it's amazing - and a side of beans on rice, greens, mac and cheese and yams and you'll be set for the day, and left-overs tomorrow. The neighborhood is a bit rough around the edges, but that adds to the adventure. And there's one in Scottsdale just north of SkySong on Scottsdale Road. This is one of our favorite places to go in Phoenix. Highly recommended.
4	Oh boy....I thought I loved waffles.  Now, I will likely hate them.  Thanks Lo Los for making the most superb waffle I have ever had and ruining my baseline.   I'll not ever be able to cardboard box it again.  I'll not know what to order when I get suckered into going to Ihop.  And the only way I can now eat a true waffle is to go here or fly to Belgium and try to find that damned cafe which broke my baseline years ago.  The chicken you ask?  Maybe it was a bad day...or maybe I just really wanted another waffle. And forget the syrup...you'll ruin the perfection.
5	If I could marry Lo Lo's Chicken and Waffles I WOULD! (shhhh dont tell my husband!!) I LOVE THIS PLACE! And I am a girl who does NOT eat meat off the bone. I dont eat chicken off the bone, I dont eat ribs off the bone, Steak, NOTHING...But at Lo Lo's I sure as hell do!!!! Best fried chicken you will find anywhere! Hands down! I always get the Betty Boop and depending on how hungray I am an extra Breast! The hubs and I usually split a bowl of their grits, which are AMAZING! Sometimes we do the grits with salt and pepper other times load it up with Syrup! YummmmI love that they have Kool Aid there! Seriously RAD! If you havent gone to Lo Lo's yet you are missing out. They do have a new Scottsdale location that is far less scary to go to (At the Phx location I always wonder if my car will be there when we are done eating, so far so good!!) You need to go, you will thank me ;)
5	For those saying the fried chicken wasn't the best they've ever had, please make sure to tell us where you found better because I don't believe such a place exists!  I had Tre Tre's, which is two legs and a waffle.  I am in love with those huge drumsticks!  So juicy and the skin so crispy...ahhh.  Perfection!  The waffle was fantastic but to me, the chicken was the star of the show.  I also ordered a side of beans over rice and it was good, not great.  I put some hot sauce and pepper on top and that made it very good.  My fiance got the Soulfood Platter and ordered cheese grits on the side.  I may not know much about grits but I know that the creamy, buttery, cheesy bite that I had was pretty close to heaven on earth. Excuse me now...I must find something to mop up the drool on my keyboard.
4	This spot takes me back to my time in The South.  The waffle was good, but not the best (that honor belongs to Matt's Big Breakfast).  The chicken, on the other hand, was fantastic and a pleasure to eat.Aside from that, I got the Mac n' Cheese and the Collard Greens.Mac:  some of the best traditional MnC I've ever had.  If you want a fancy one, then try the one at the Yardhouse in Scottsdale, but I digress.  The MnC was as dense as a brick, and it was super, super cheesy.  Greens:  very good, well flavored, but they were served with a bit too much liquid.  I like a little bit drier, but they still had great flavor.  An excellent complement to the chicken, waffle, and MnC.  note:  try mixing the syrup with a little bit of hot sauce.  Do this on the side and dip some of your chicken in it.  Sooooooooooo good!!!
4	Lo-Lo's is a no-no for the heart but a yes-yes for the soul.When I'm on one of my many diet plans that have a cheat day or a reward day, Lo-Lo's is usually where I got to make up for lost calories. If you've never had chicken and waffles together, its a delightful combination but don't expect it to a miraculous union. It simply is fried chicken and waffles, you just happen to be eating them simultaneously.My favorite part about Lo-Lo's are the dranks. They are served in large mason jars can choose from the standard fountain drinks, sweet tea or red and grape kool-aid. Yes, red is a flavor. I heard the red velvet cake is amazing but I've always been so full to get to dessert. Maybe the next cheat day...
5	Lo Lo's is my go to chicken fix.  Though the quality of the chicken varies (sometimes overcooked, sometimes perfect), the sides -- mac'n'cheese!  sweet tea! home fries! -- make this place a must visit.  Just beware that it gets very busy and there's no good place to wait for a table.
4	After visiting Roscoe's again I standby my conclusion that Lo-Lo's has better waffles. Roscoes, still wins on chicken in my opinion though.
3	This location wasn't that busy in the middle of the day and had a moderately diverse crowd which was nice to see. Seemed like there was a lot regulars there. I ordered a couple of drumsticks with mac and cheese and was able to try their eggs and waffles. My favorite was the mac and cheese. The chicken was just okay for me.The people at the cash registers were really friendly and talked to us for a bit, so I thought that was pretty cool. I liked Lo-Lo's, I just wouldn't go out of my way to come back here - but if I was in the neighborhood I'd most likely stop by.
4	I'd give it 5 stars if I had more experience with chicken and waffles.  But I enjoyed my visit to Lo Lo's.  Chicken was moist and flavorful.  Waffle was crispy.  I also had the rice and beans and gravy on the side.  Made my trip to Phoenix more memorable.  There were 6 of us in our group and no one complained.  Cornbread and fries were tasty too. I would return when in the area.
4	I ate here for the first time last year. Any place where you can get RED KOOL AID DRANK is okay in my book. I had the chicken and waffles, why try anything else on the first visit? Would be nice if they offered a nap room for the post meal food coma. This will knock you on your ass.
5	Being in town for Spring Training I didn't know where to go, so I turned to Yelp for help.  This is by far my favorite meal of the trip.  Ariana was our server and was very pleasant.  She answered all our questions and even humored us with some great stories.  I got the platter, which included 3 pieces of fried chicken with gravy on the side, corn bread and 2 sides (waffle and collard greens).  I was defeated...   The portions were huge.  It was sooo good though.  It was great having the bottomless jar of drink.  I suggest the kool aid.Overall it was a great experience.  I met some nice people and had a very satisfying meal.  I also picked up a pretty sick shirt.  The front says "Eatin' Good-N-Da Hood"!  I will rep it all the way in Cali!This is one place I will be sure to come back to my next trip to AZ.
5	I've had fried chicken.I've had waffles.Who knew that they were really meant to be Together, on the Same Plate!?  Not me, at least until I was introduced to Lo-Lo's.  The Pilgrimage to this wee building on a small side street in downtown PHX was made on a cold, rainy Sunday - perfect weather for comfort food! After strategic review of the menu consisting of a price volume mix analysis to determine the right combination of entrees and side items to reach Pareto Optimality, my friend and I ended up with a table full of goodness:Lo-Lo plate (2 waffles + 3 chicken breasts), 1 additional waffle, home fries and (no surprise here) mac n cheese.  The food arrived quickly (benefit of arriving right at opening time!), and this is where all conversation stopped.  No talking, just eating and lots of it.  I surfaced for air once or twice to mumble random things about how good everything was, but that's about it.  I don't know how the Lo-Lo's Chicken Magicians manage to make fried chicken that is not greasy - it is crispy on the outside but still tender and juicy on the inside.  The waffles taste slightly of cinnamon and I am not ashamed that I used the entire portion of butter that was riding on the top.  All of it.  Hard arteries are strong arteries, right?  Halfway through the mac n cheese I noticed the Red Rooster Louisiana Hot Sauce on the table - liquid fire!  Had to douse the remaining portion and feel the burn...  Yeah!!OK Phoenix, I get it.  I know now what I have been missing all this time.  I will be back in about 4 months, when my cholesterol levels return to normal...  :)
3	Walked in at a good time, 30min after opening so there were plenty of places to sit.  Ordered a betty boop and coffee.  Staff was courteous and service was quick.  However, I only got my original coffee and was never asked for a refill.  To the reviews saying the red rooster sauce is spicy or even tasty for that matter, "what's up with that? /snl"  It's of the same ilk as a frank's hot sauce, but with even less presence.    Chicken and waffle was good - nothing life changing or worth writing home about.  There's no exotic spices/combos to speak of, you're basically just paying for the novelty of having chicken & waffles on the same plate whenever you damn well please.3 stars because to me soul food should be more than just breading chicken and throwing it into a fryer.  I'd give it 4 stars for the novelty, but Tuck Shop has a chicken&waffle plate that is in another class, albeit pricier.
5	I love Lolo's...both locations! This is about as soulful of food as you'll find in AZ. I love everything on the menu, especially the fried okra, greens and sweet tea! The staff is great, food is quick to the table.  I wish that they had some coupons though.
4	Who would have thought that I could find me some great comfort food in PHX?! This place has great service and really delicious food! I had the chicken combo platter with mac & cheese and waffles as sides. It came with cornbread and I washed it down with sweet tea! Bliss!
4	Chicken and waffles, hot sauce, red beans and rice and a huge Iced tea. I cant eat like this all the time, but when I do, I'm going to Lo-Lo's. My friend took me there before a Suns game and wow, what a great way to start the evening. I had 3 pieces of chicken and 1 waffle. My friend doubled that and he added the LARGEST GLASS OF RED KOOLAID I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!! It was a classy move....good show ole bean... Anyways, check it out, its badass..
4	Yum! Yum! Yum!Chicken and waffles combined are delicious sin! Soul food in general is usually delicious sin if you are counting calories but counting calories shouldn't even be thought of if entering this place; you'll want to try everything! By everything I mean chicken, waffles, grits, eggs, home fries, Kool-Aid and many many more goodies that are served here (and trust me, you should try as much as you can). Go get yourself some soul food already and leave this place smiling!
4	How can you not seriously love this place? For real. I dare any of you to tell me otherwise, and then I will make fun of you and call you lame. I've been to Lo-Lo's several times, and it's about time I inform everyone of their amazing treat of chicken and waffles. And the red kool-aid. Don't deny it. I don't care if you are 75. You still crave you some kool-aid every now and then. And now you can have it. With dinner. In a jar. And mom and dad can't even yell at you. The atmosphere and location are both real and authentic. Expect to feel like you are in grandma's house, sitting somewhere near the kitchen and waiting for some amazing southern food. I always want to try the red velvet cake or the mac and cheese but I can never get past the tre tre.... 2 fried chicken legs and a waffle and that's all it takes for my stomach to be full.Be warned they only take cash here, but it's worth it.
4	so far, this could be considered the best fried chicken I've tried in US. Now if you have a small stomach, order something with one piece...or you'll face a LOT of food. The idea of mixing a waffle with your chicken is already hilarious!. I was pleased with the options on spicy salsas they have....mmmm!! and finally I have tried good okra (not just fiber). It was all in all a great experience, but as my friend said...we have to leave before it get's dark!!
5	It takes alot for me to frequent a restaurant numerous times, I believe that there are great places all over the city so why not take the time to try out new places. But LoLo's seems to be my cyptonite. It's an interesting blend of tastes, fried chicken and waffles on the same plate at the same time? However, do your taste buds a solid and check this place out.  The fried chicken is great, and the waffles are amazing. Red beans and rice, grits, and red velvet cake are great too. Still not satisfied...LoLo's has red kool-aid, not the kind mom made, but the kind you always wanted to make as a kid, remember, half sugar half water and a packet of kool-aid, served in a mason jar. How can you go wrong. Ch..Ch..Ch..Check it Out.
5	I was on another work-related trip when I came to experience by far the best chicken and waffles I ever eaten.As I was walking into the hotel were conference I was attending was being held in Phoenix, I was immediately greeted by my colleagues who were fortunate enough to get there a couple of days before i did. Fortunate because they got a chance to go to see a couple of games at spring training. As I met them, they were looking to cure their hangover with some chicken and waffles. Lo-lo's was suggested by our colleague who used to work at Arizona State University and a great suggestion. I ordered two pieces of chicken and waffles with grits and eggs. To wash all down I also had their signature sweet tea that came in a jar. The chicken were moist but not swimming in oil and the grits completed the meal. My colleagues hangovers were satisfied as was I. I would love to go back to Lo-lo's but given the new law in AZ, I don't I'll be going there anytime soon!
5	For heart attack, drop dead chicken and the best waffles I've eaten in years, Lo-Lo's rocks. LoLo's catered a breakfast for a non-profit I am involved with and they did an awesome job. However, our mission is good health and preventing work disability, so unfortunately, the others in the group have outlawed Lo-Lo's for future events. It appears we have to actually practice what we preach. Bummer.
5	Chickens so goood! and crispy!  even my mama likes it!
5	I have passed this place so many times, and thought it sounded gross. But I went there yesterday and LOVED it. The waffles were good. And the Red Velvet cake was so amazing. Definitely one of my favorite red velvet cakes. I haven't tried any chicken, but I bet it's good.
4	Wow!! Love this place so much!! Let me start off by saying me and my boyfriend were going to phoenix to visit an old friend. I found this place online and decided to try it. Not ever been to Arizona, i admit the area scared me a little bit haha! we stopped by this shady looking gas station like 2 mins away from it and asked one of the employers where lo lo's was. He said to park in the back so we got in the car and started to search for it. It was about 8 at night. We drove into the back lot and DUDE IT LOOKED SO BAD!!!. Being a wimp i started to not want to persue the place anymore. My bf insisted to park in front and we did. Our friend went came and we went it. It was ... SO NICE INSIDE!! Very clean, well lit, and festive!I  felt sorry I judged it before i went in. I  ordered the number 9, which was chicken thigh and leg with a waffle. Filled me up just right! the waffles were soooo goood! tasted of cinnamon and the butter was light. I also ordered the red velvet cake because i love red velvet and i heard it was the best. SADLY I didn't like it. The moistness was really good, but i thought the velvet would be more rich and the frosting was too cheesy for my liking. This cake could be very true to how its originally made so that is probibly why its pretty different from the others I've had. over all 4/5 stars!!!~ Will be back again!!~
3	Arrived around 5pm one Wednesday evening. The place is not in a nice area of Phoenix, and it looked deserted, and I was going to leave, when I saw a Mercedes and Lexus pull up.  So I thought I'd give it a chance. The prices were somewhat reasonable, I got the Lo-Lo's for $11 (2 waffles, and 3 pieces of fried chicken). The food was tasty for what it was, but I only give it 3 *'s because its just so unhealthy.. kool-aid, waffles, syrup, and fried chicken! This is the kinda a place I may go once a year, but I just feel so guilty!  Not sure what the syrup was, but it certainly wasn't real maple syrup (I'd imagine it is some sugar based creation), and the waffles were dry. The chicken wasn't very moist, it was also a bit on the dry side.
5	Lemme just add to the wonderfulness that is Lo-Lo's. Although I have only been to the Scottsdale one, I must say it was wonderful. Chicken yum! Waffles yum! Candied yams yum! Mac & Cheese yum!
5	Man oh man this place is good! Visiting from LA  and if you know LA you know Roscoes. Sorry Roscoes but Lo-Lo's has got the tastiest, most tender, juicy fried chicken I have ever had. And the waffles just melt in your mouth with a flavor explosion. Lo-Lo's is now my second reason to move to AZ.
5	All I gotta say is... Oh hell yes!! The waffle was sweet but not too sweet and the chicken breast was moist and wonderfully flavorful!  But the combination is fantastic!! My husband says Roscoe's doesn't even compare to Lo-Lo's...  Oh and to top it off I had the mac n cheese and a tub of kool-aid!! This place is the ONLY reason I would ever come back to Phoenix!! I am pleasantly stuffed!! Thanks Lo-Lo's!!
3	The waffle here was great. It had a unique taste to it compared to other waffles. The chicken was very good also. The reason I give them 3 stars is the chicken was not dropped fresh, because it didn't have that heat and crunch to it. I didn't go at a very busy time either. I just think I got dealt a bad hand. I will see when I go back. Overall great place to eat.
5	Another father's day, another breakfast at Lolo's.  The fried chicken should be illegal.  Of course, I only got two bites before my daughter, who previously said "I'm full", stole my piece.  Darn kids.  Oh yeah, great lemonade, grits and waffles.  Love the staff.  But that chicken....
5	What can I write that already hasn't?  Excellent all the way around from service, pricing and taste!  This time I had the catfish.  Awesome cornmeal batter and flavorful catfish.  I took a friend temporarily staying in Phx working that's from Montana.  He wants to come back before he leaves.  Oh, and great sweet tea also, not too sugary, just right!!!
3	I have driven through this location many times never realizing this place was there. A co-worker had spoken highly of the Scottsdale location so I decided to try this one in the Downtown Phoenix area as it is just a few miles down the street where I live.I ordered the Toy-Toy which is 1 waffle and 2 chicken wings. I added a side of scrambled eggs. The order took a while to come out. The eggs arrived cold. The waffles and chicken were good. What I noticed is that when we arrived there were not many people, but just a few minutes after we arrived about 5 new parties arrived. So my assumption for the delay in our order was that they must have delayed frying the chicken for our order to get all the orders in from the other parties, because everyone else's food arrived almost at the same time as ours. So we got to wait.I would definitely go back but solely for chicken and waffles.
4	I've been to Lolo's several times now but this was my first time there this year. I had some friends visiting from LA and they wanted to try it since I always brag about how it is waaaay better than the infamous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles. lol. A friend and I shared a soulfood platter. It was 3pcs of smothered chicken w two sides (we had mac n cheese & beans over rice). We had the gravy on the side and added a side of waffles. It also came with a peice of cornbread. I had the sweet tea to drink. The chicken and waffle were still as good as ever. The sides however were not very. Our mac and cheese was really mushy! The flavor was good but the pasta was way overcooked. It almost looked like a bowl of yellow custard. The beans and rice also had great flavor but the rice was a bit undercooked. The cornbread was better than I remembered. I noticed they changed their gravy also. The color is different... more golden than before with little specks of something red. It used to be a light brown gravy with peices of wilted onions. While still good, I liked the old version better. The sweet tea was a little sweeter than normal but I still enjoyed it.My friends agreed that the sides could've been better but really enjoyed the chicken and waffles. They enjoyed it so much that they wanted to go again before their trip back home. We went the next day to the Scottsdale location and picked up a plate of chicken and waffles from them to bring on the road. lol.
4	It was very good.Chicken was tasty but a bit overcooked.Waffles were phenomenal with a hint of cinnamon.Mac and cheese was perfect along with the home-style fries.I liked the fact they used mason jars for glasses. That is something I do at home also. I am still wondering why people are putting up pictures of another location.  Check out my recent upload for what it really looks like outside. It is a tad scary but that just makes me want to investigate even further. I expected it to be cheaper than it was. Oh well!
5	Love this place! Lo-Lo's is a great place to try something different before a D-Backs or Suns game. I recommend you try it if you like chicken and well... waffles. Not a place for your dainty girlfriend who just kinda wants to you know like become a vegetarian because you know like the bunnies are like cute and everyone is doing it
4	I'm still not sure I "get" the whole Chicken and Waffle  as a food combination, but I guess the question is: do I really need to? I've read that you may have to wait in line. Luckily that has not been the case for us as we've gone on off-peak hours: Wednesday night for dinner around 6pm and a Friday afternoon late lunch (1pm) . Service has always been pleasant and the meals have come out on a timely basis.  And, hands down, Lo Lo's makes the best waffle...ever.  I think what makes it special is the  touch of Cinnamon. I ordered the Betty Boop (a chicken breast and a waffle) - definately enough to fill you up.   My husband orders a couple of drum sticks, waffle, fried okra and corn bread.  He can't help himself, his family is from the south and he likes to re-live his youth.  Too bad his metabolism has moved on....
5	i love me some lolo's. Best breakfast in town. I refuse to go to the new location, the charm of the Yuma st location makes this place, ok maybe it doesn't but it sure makes a great experience to get a great breakfast meal in such an unsuspected location
4	This was my second visit. and it went much like the first.  we both had the soul food platter with chicken. really good mac and cheese and it stayed pipping hot throughout the whole meal not sure how but it was nice. really good waffle I couldn't stop eating it, fried okra you can skip its just like little nuggets of fried zucchini but with nothing to dip them in. and dry as a bone cornbread even though it had a full scoop of butter on top when it arrived. The chicken was really good the only complaint there was the wings were dry, super good homemade lemon aide I drank two quart size jars full of it good. service was attentive and lots of different people that worked there came around to check on you so you were never in want of anything. Saw lots of people coming in to get takeout so thats a nice option, next time I will get extra chicken to go because its so good cold the next day.
4	Mason jars of sweet tea done right, juicy and tender fried chicken with perfectly crispy skin, mac and cheese that doesn't teeter into absurd hoity-toityness, and waffles that are just thin enough to soak up the maximum amount of butter and syrup.What's not to love?  Maybe the fact that I went from diabetic coma to sugar crash, skipping the high that usually comes in between.I didn't even have room for red velvet, but that's a mistake I won't make twice.
4	Went here for the first time yesterday and it was great! I love fried chicken and theirs is really great especially if you add on the Louisiana hot sauce...ummm! Shared a KK's which consisted of 3 pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, grits, and scrambled eggs with cheese and onions. The waffles were tasty. The eggs were just alright. Then I had some grits for the first time and my friend said you really gotta add some salt and sugar to make it awesome...and that is exactly how you do it! The portions are pretty decent for its price. The service was great...the workers always came by to check on us.
5	Best Chicken, waffles, and grits ever.
4	I really like LoLo's.They have very good food.  I can easily say that everything I've ever ordered at LoLo's has been delicious.The sweet tea is as advertised.  When ordering the Kool Aid, I usually order it as half water, half Kool Aid as to not slip into a diabetic coma.The prices are on par as far as soul food places go.I do not mind waiting for good food, so I won't score negatively on that.The wait staff is pretty attentive as far as the usual wait service goes.I only have one complaint.  There have been a couple of times when there were a couple of unruly, obnoxiously loud (maybe even ungodly loud) people there while I was dining with my wife and 2 daughters.  They were using expletives and using language that had graphic sexual undertones.  Mind you, this was at a volume that was loud enough for everyone in the restaurant to hear.  The wait staff and management didn't even bother to ask them to simmer down and have some respect for the other patrons.  I've always had really good dining experiences at LoLo's.  The staff is friendly, other than a couple of incidents, the other patrons are lively and provide a good dining atmosphere.  Other than the two times I mentioned, I thought this was a really good family restaurant.I really do wish when incidents like this occur, that the wait staff or management steps up and ensures that a couple of people don't ruin the dining experience of everyone in the restaurant.  I am no stranger to eating in a loud restaurant where the level of noise is very high due to everyone having normal conversations.  The two times that I was unfortunate enough to go through this has actually kept me from going back.There's no doubt I'll go there again.  I will crave their fried chicken and catfish enough to cross my fingers and give it another try.  It's just too bad that now, I can't trust the restaurant enough to bring my daughters there.
5	I knew when I saw a pimped out neon green DeVille sitting in Lo-Lo's parking lot that this meal was going to be epic.I went solely for the chicken and waffles, and they more than delivered.  The prices here are much more reasonable than they are at a certain world-famous California-based place, and I'd argue that the food itself is better, too.  The crust on the chicken was light and it was fried perfectly -- crispy on the outside and perfectly tender on the inside -- and the waffles?  Add that to the list of things I could eat all day.  There truly is something magical about a small bundle of fried chicken and a short stack of waffles, drowning in a sea of syrup, butter, and a little hot sauce.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it.I didn't get to try any of their other stuff, although literally everything on the menu sounded delicious, but then again what soul food dish doesn't?  I went in for a lunch, and other than a kid's birthday party there weren't many people there, so I didn't have any of the long waits or loud guest that apparently plague this location, but I don't know if that would have affected my opinion, because the food was just too good.  Next time I'm in the Phoenix area, I'll stop by, and maybe I'll get a chance to try some of their red velvet cake...if I can find the room.
5	I finally got around to trying this place and so far it has been the best part of my trip (besides seeing my family of course, lol).  The food was excellent, prices were reasonable, and the service is outstanding.  I got the number 10, which had two chicken legs and one waffle, plus I added a side of mac and cheese.  The chicken was awesome.  Not too much breading.  The waffle was light but crispy.  Put those two together and it was perfection.  The mac and cheese was overcooked, but it still had good flavor.  I will probably try another side next time.  Overall, it was a great and everyone in my group walked away with a great experience. We went for lunch and we are considering going back for dinner!
3	I came here for breakfast on my last trip to Phoenix and I wasn't hungry again for a good 7-8 hours afterwards.  I even did a tough 2.5 mile hike to Piestewa Peak afterwards, and it still wasn't enough to burn off all that food.  I ordered the #1 (KK's) - the chicken and waffles were both pretty good, but both fell short of Roscoe's here in LA.  The chicken was a bit dry and just didn't have enough flavor and the waffles didn't have that hint of cinnamon that Roscoe's has.  The grits were good and I really enjoyed the scrambled eggs with cheese and onions... just wish they gave more than two bites of it.I initially didn't like their gravy, but I grew into it as I continued to eat.  It was sweeter than I was used to, but it went well with the food.Not a bad choice if you're in the area, but I'm afraid I'll have to give the edge to my hometown version.
3	The hype for this place was off the wall!! "It's better than Roscoe's" "They're chicken is soooooo goooood!" and so on and so on, so whilst on vacation I made my first visit along with the hubby and some family. While I've never had Roscoe's to make the comparison, I have had The Breakfast Klub in Houston and DIED over their delicious chicken, waffles and grits so I was looking to be just as wowed. All I can say is, it was all hype. Sorry!!! I know Arizonians everywhere just fell out of their chairs!! It just wasn't amazing, or even kind of good, it was just OK. We went on a Sunday morning for breakfast. The service was good, we beat the Sunday church crowd so it wasnt overly packed but I was kind of shocked at the size of place, pretty cramped but I guess I'll give it cozy. So we order, I love that the drinks come in HUGE mason jars (not so good for those wasted calories on SUGARY drinks) and get the chicken breast and wing with a waffle and a side of grits. Boooo!!!!! My grits were soup, I had to season them well to get some flavor and despite letting them sit for a little to see if they'd solidify. . . .no go. I was sooooo dissappointed. Moving onto the main dish, I dont love chicken skin but I understand the allure in the fried variety so I indulge from time to time. This time I went for it and tasted. . . .salt. Lots of salt. Double booooo!!! The breading was fine, not to thick or gummy when it hit the syrup but still too salty for me. So fried skin removed, chicken doused in hot sauce, I enjoyed the remainder of my dish and ordinary waffle and was thoroughly full but not too satisfied. Overall, Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles was just that, chicken and waffles and nothing to spectacular at that. 3 stars for being an ok chicken & waffles joint with good service and decent prices.
5	Well it's been a while since I've been here, however...Lo-Lo's is about the closest thing I've gotten to soul food since I'd lived in Phoenix.  Though most people go for the chicken and waffles, I much more prefer their smothered chicken with hash browns, collared greens, and sweet yams.  Be forewarned -- the smothered chicken is salty.  Much saltier than most people would prefer, tbh, at least if their palate is fairly "white" (as in not eating a lot of spices and salt and whatnot).The sweet tea is always phenomenal and the red velvet cake is comparable to stuff I've eaten back East (i.e. it's fantastic).For first timers, you will probably get "the itis" after eating here: make sure you have someone else with you who can handle the insulin overload and can drive you home.  I had taken an ex here after showing her The Boondocks episode about the itis (I know, I know) and she thought it was a myth until she started nodding off in the restautant itself.  You eat here and you don't need to eat for the rest of the day.
5	Forget about the location is Scottsdale you want the location on Central and Yuma.
2	We went to the Scottsdale location, and I think they cooked all the chicken for the day that morning!The chicken was dry and it was lacking on taste. Same for the waffles.Do yourself a favor. If you want Chicken and Waffles...Buy some frozen Eggos, get some KFC chicken, buy syrup at the store, and there you have it...a much better tasting choice.  Seriously.
5	Chicken + Waffles = food coma.I ordered the Lo Los which is 2 waffles and 3 pieces of fried chicken. It's really unhealthy but this is some good comfort food. The fried chicken here is the best fried chicken I've ever tasted. The waffles are good and everything wasn't that greasy and I skipped the butter. Those SNL guys should have said "Fried Chicken + waffles = crazy delicious." I did order the mac and cheese but to me it's the same everywhere else. I must say it should be recommend you burn 5000 calories before and after going.
5	I'm sure this not the healthiest place you eat at, but closest you get to the perfect fried chicken.... While eating, the last thing i cared about was the healthy part of the food... Tried the 3 pc chicken smothered with gravy and onion and waffles (Not to mention the butter and syrup on the waffle), I know sounds absolutely crazy but an absolute heaven.... Have to try the gravy, always cooked right..love the hot sauce, great flavors.
5	I'm not sure what else can be said about Lo-Lo's, but I have to put in my small two cents anyway. Four words:GO FOR THE WAFFLES.Sure, the chicken is wonderful and juicy and you'll definitely leave feeling you need a bypass....but seriously, you could skip the chicken and go with a stack of waffles and you'll be just as satisfied. Next time, this is all I'm ordering. One heaping stack of waffle goodness.
4	You know you are in the "South" when you are drinking ice tea from a jar! Well, technically I was, South Phoenix to be exact.  In fact, the tea was unsweetened! Yes, I know, a Southern faux pas! Might of been the healthiest thing one could order here.So after waiting a few long minutes, my main feast arrived.  Where do I start? Ah, good old chicken leg, nice, small and manageable.  Done! Time for my double layer waffles topped with creamy, melty butter.  "That's money!" borrowing a gleeful phrase Guy Fieri always says in his Food Network show, D, D, and D. :)So my two other pieces were the breast and thigh.  I knew what I was getting into so I carefully avoided the glistening, crunchy evil they call: the skin.  But I did have a little and it was packed with all the great tasting herbs and spices that make up this Southern style cuisine.  That is what makes it distinct from your mainstream chains.Now, the battle between the chicken and waffle, I give the waffle a slight edge.  Its not the thick kind you might expect, but its still pretty good.  Well, all in all, I'm glad somebody in the deep South came up with this comforting duo that even my inner soul can taste.
4	I've been to the Scottsdale location and to this one a few times, but I guess I never reviewed this one :-\Anyways, one of my hometown friends drove in from San Diego and displeased with his Roscoe's experience, was dying to go to LoLo's. Luckily we made it out of the Science Center in enough time to get lunch here before they closed for the day. We were quickly seated and taken care of. Our food came out quickly and we dove in. It was delish as usual and my friend said that LoLo's won that battle. That said, if you want some good fried chicken and waffles, head here.
5	This place was my first experience with chicken and waffles and man it was GOOD! The place was super authentic. Loved the waitresses and waiters. Though it was really hectic trying to serve our table, they all had a great sense of humor and were just overall very friendly.Now to the food. Man, who knew how good the fried chicken-waffle combo is. However to be honest, the fried fish was even better! If i ever go back here, that's the combo I'd be getting...fried fish and waffles. It sounds not as appetizing, but trust me! It's good!
5	The absolute best fried chicken I've ever had. The waffles and syrup are heaven on a plate, with a hint of cinnamon.Lo-Lo's is a required stop after an overnight visit to Phoenix. My fiance and I wake up, check out of our hotel in a hurry, ignoring any and all continental breakfasts that stand in our way. We never remember where Lo-Lo's is exactly, except that it's on some side street, but fortunately GPS has never let us down.Lo-Lo's makes a point of hanging signs that indicate that service is slow, but I've never had a bad experience there.Mmm mmm mmm!
4	A must try, Chicken is great. I have never had this combo before, but will say it was better then I thought
4	i love LO Lo's Chicken& waffles  me and my Boss went there and i had best down home southern fried Chicken since i was a kid  some time this year before the year end i'm going back and taking some friends.
5	I have never left Lolo's not beaming with joy.  I love fried chicken and I love waffles, though not as much as chicken.  I believe that Lo-Lo's not only has the best fried chicken in Phoenix, but the best waffles as well.  If you enjoy either, you must come here.  You can also buy a mason jar of red drank.  This is available nowhere else in the valley.  The macaroni and cheese is pretty good, but not my favorite style.  The real show stopper besides the chicken and waffles is the Red Velvet Cake.  Indulge.  Seriously.  But make sure you share.Also, this is a bad place for first dates because it takes a really really remarkable person to tear your attention away from the food.
4	Good fried chicken and wings.  They have a nicely crispy, crunchy, flavorful crust with juicy chicken on the inside.  Fries were quite tasty as well, crisp and soaked with the oil and honey from the chicken wings.  The grits were just OK, they were a little bland, and they tasted like the stuff you buy at the store.  The waffles that came with the chicken were very large, and served with butter and maple syrup.  I wasn't a big fan of the red velvet cake though.  It was a bit dry and crumbly.
5	So it was through Lo-Lo's that I was introduced to the concept of chicken and waffles. The peculiar mash-up had sounded a bit odd to me, but not beyond trying. I'm not sure if they even have other items on the menu as I've always just had chicken and waffles. I've had Lo-Los to go and eaten on-site numerous times. If you eat in, they serve the drinks in mason jars, and the overly-attentive wait staff never leave you with less than a half-full jar before offering you a refill. The fried chicken is the best I've ever had period! It's even better than the stalwart California chain and institution, Roscoes. The other day I had fried chicken at home and found myself putting Frank's Red Hot and syrup over it before I deemed it worthy to eat. Lo-Los made me do that.
5	Some of the best chicken I've had, moist and chalk-full of flavor .  waffles were spot on as well!  Can't go wrong with a place that serves Kool-Aid!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  Yes, parking is an issue...and yes, it's cramped and crowded and run down inside, BUT that is part of the whole experience.  The food is amazing!  The fried chicken is the best around, coupled with the waffles...and then I usually add grits, scrambled eggs with cheese and onions, side of bacon, side of mac n' cheese...and wash it down with some tasty red koolaid in a mason jar.  The red velvet cake is a MUST for dessert...order it to go if you are too full, it's SO good!They do have a newer location in Scottsdale that his much bigger, but it just isn't quite the same as the original Phoenix location.If you are going for lunch, get there early(like 11:30 or earlier), otherwise you will be waiting in line outside the place for a long time.
3	My husband experienced soulfood at Lo Lo's for the first time a few months ago and we brought some of our family and one of his cousins who was visiting us from out of state. The restaurant itself is small and seating is tight and compact, so large groups don't feel so welcome. The host initially took awhile to seat us but other than that the service was great. The food was good but not as wonderful as I expected, so claims of the fried chicken here being the best are exaggerated and the food was overpriced considering our surroundings (come-on the spot needs to be renovated and its located in a beat down area of Central Phoenix). Overall the service and food were what you'd expect from any regular ordinary spot, there was nothing overly great about either the food or the service.
3	The place was good, but I'm not sure what the hype is all about. The fried chicken was good, but I don't know if it's any better than fried chicken anywhere else. The waffles were pretty good, with the cinnamon adding a nice touch. I wasn't a fan at all of the red velvet cake - it was pretty dry and didn't really have any taste to it at all.My guess is that the place is famous for being famous - as far as I know, it's the only chicken and waffles place in the valley, so it's going to get notoriety.
2	Fried chicken was good, but everything else was a joke.  The service was unbelievably bad.  The waffles were skinny and underdone.  First cup of grits had a tiny amount of butter and were way overdone, like they were scrapped out of the bottom of the pan.  When a second waitress saw what was in my bowl, and saw my dry ass overdone eggs (this was 5 minutes after they were brought out....I was still waiting for the chicken and waffles) she offered to bring new eggs and grits.  Second round, (still no chicken and waffles) eggs were much better but grits were underdone and watery.  When the chicken and waffles showed up, the waffles were already cool with no browning at all.  Coffee was terrible.  Wife's plate was just as bad.  Our original waitress never bothered to check on us until she brought the bill.  And to top it all off, the food is way overpriced, and over hyped!!!The one solid was the chicken.  It was lightly battered and perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The scrambled eggs were real, not the fake crap.  I just wish someone in the back new how to cook them properly.  With the exception of the one waitress who replaced my first plate, it seemed like no one there, including the cooks, really gave a shit about the food or the service.  Very disappointing considering all the good reviews.
5	This place was AMAZING!  Usually you can get good food or good service, but it's very rare to get both.  Lo-Lo's delivers on both.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the parking is tight and the area of town is iffy.  But it's totally worth it.  I mean, do you know anyplace else that has Kool Aid on the menu?  Their menu looks amazing -- I haven't seen chicken gizzards on a menu since I left home, and though I haven't tried them yet, they're on my list for the next visit!  And their fried chicken is AMAZING!  It may even be better than my mom's (and I can say that honestly because she's not on Yelp yet).  It seems like fried chicken and mac n cheese would be easy to do well, but as anyone who's been to KFC can tell you, that's not the case.  LoLo's has great food and the staff was super attentive, even though they were busy.  We'll definitely be back!
4	Lo-Lo's is a great place and most certainly lives up to the hype. It's small, dated and it has a cool ambiance  The parking sucks but don't let that stop you from going to Lo-Lo's. They have some of the best fried chicken I've tasted and I loved their waffles.  The mac-n-cheese is different but very good! You can order eggs any way you like them.  I'm a fan!
5	Why I don't set up a cot and just sleep at this place, I don't know. I have reviewed this place before, but I stopped in a couple times in the last month (yes, I should get my arteries checked). Chicken = Fantastic, Mac & Cheese = Fantastic, and the Red Velvet Cake = To die for.However, I wanted to add something I just had. Stupid Fries. These things are great for sharing. Cripsy fries, topped with a chopped up fried chicken breast, cheese, red and green bell peppers and gravy. They are off the hook good. You should go there soon.
4	we timed it pretty poorly, but needed some chicken and waffles and headed to lo-lo's around lunchtime on sunday! bad idea. waited almost 2 hours to take my first bite. but aside from that, it was great.
4	Very tasty chicken and waffles. Make sure to go when they are busy so you get hot and freshly fried chicken.Their portions are huge! The first time I went I ordered the KK's, and it was way more than I could handle. The second time around I got the Lo-Lo's and still was barely able to finish it.All the drinks are served in mason jars.The staff were all very courteous and friendly, I felt very welcomed.
5	Catfish, fried chicken, candied yams, cornbread, beans & rice, cheese grits, waffle, sweet tea & lemonade. Every last item the put their foot in it!!!!! For those who don't understand that term, they didn't cut any corners on the food and everything was home cooked.
4	Hello Lo-Lo!  Oddly off the Main street but that's cool.  Our server was cute, attentive, and welcoming.  They were playing gospel music in the background.It's all about the food baby!  It's simple down home fare and they do it well.  If you're looking for something different and you're near the airport.  Try it.
5	LO LO's has the best DAMN CHICKEN in AZ! The people are always really nice. This is a place that as a local I tell people to go for fried chicken.  A+++++
4	What better way to recover from a marathon than with killer carbs, grease, and an insanely high caloric intake!KKs: 3 pieces of fried chicken (southern style that is), 2 waffles, (think flat but plae sized) a bowl of grits (heaping with butter) and a pair of eggs (mine scrambled) with cheese & onions.Now add in the "Sock it to me cake" which was the dessert of the day and you have full entry into 'the itis!"   All I wanted to do after that was curl up in a ball and sleep!You can't go to Lo-Los's everyday, wel you could but. . . . But for a once a quarter binge it rocks!
5	Food was great! Definitely on my must visit list when I'm back in Phoenix.
2	Stopped in at Lo-Lo's after Disney on Ice about a week ago. We arrived on a Saturday night about 6 and to our surprise the place wasn't crowded..actually got a parking place right in front. When we walked in a woman yelled sit any where..then someone else yelled..y'all have to wait. so we waited..and waited. Mind you that several tables in plain view were available. After we were seated..without menus, we waited another 10 minutes before someone came back to the table with our menus..we didn't really need the menus for we have been to Lo-Lo's several times. Waited another 15 minutes for someone to take our order..a Betty Boop, a Tre Tre, a plain waffle for the child, 1 sweet tea, 1 unsweeted tea, 1 red kool-aid. Took another 10 minutes to get our drinks.  Again..not busy. The waitress brought out the Tre Tre and Betty Boop but not the waffle for our son..had to wait another 10 minutes to flag someone down to bring his waffle..long story short, the chicken and waffles were amazing as always, but the unsweeted tea was on the verge of souring..and the service was just plain awful. Lo-Lo's gets extremely buzy, especially on Sunday mornings and we have never had a problem, maybe it was an off night..but for the life of me I don't understand why it took us almost 2 hours for 3 pieces of fried chicken and 3 waffles.
5	I lived in LA for 4 years and ate at Roscoe's a lot. Lo-lo's is better by FAR.Why? One word: gravy. The chicken is tender, juicy, and fried to perfection here. Not overly greasy. The waffles? Just perfect waffles with lots of flavor. The grits? Buttery. The Eggs? Tastes like crack when its scrambled with onions. The drinks/kool-aid? Ridiculous size. The gravy?RIDICULOUS. Getting the gravy on the side is the best decision you'll ever make. Unlike Roscoe's, which pairs regular brown gravy, Lo-lo's pairs some sort of spiced and onioned concoction that reminds me of the drippings gravy you make on Turkey Day. I literally dipped my entire meal (waffles, grits, eggs) in this gravy and still couldn't get enough.My only grip is that the Lo-lo's in Scottsdale takes amex, but this one doesn't. =(.But seriously, Lo-lo's....could eat it every day. IN fact, we we're here for one week, and at Lo-lo's twice.Oh yeah, the Red Velvet cake is RIDICULOUS.
4	Soul food in the desert!!!   I've only been to the Scottsdale location, so it's a bit too "clean" for my taste, but the food is a real treat.  Good break from the usual Mexican, chinese, pizza, etc.Fried chicken with Gravy and Onions is my favorite.  Chicken loses some of its crispiness smothered in gravy, but that's a worthwhile trade off.  Sides are either really good or mediocre.  Avoid mac and cheese.  Very disappointing.  Red beans and rice are excellent. Collared greens are the best by far.  Spicy and hearty.  I'm not a big fan of grits, but they were creamy.  Service was a bit slow.  If you're planning on going during spring training, be weary of going after a Giants game as Lolo's is right down the street from the stadium and once the game's over, it gets really crowded and the service slows down more than usual.Kool-Aid served in jugs?  Does it get any better than that?  I think not!Red velvet cake is really moist and worth the trip by itself (slight exaggeration).Price is a bit high, but portions are good and I didn't feel ripped off by any means.Fun place and comfortable for the kids.
4	A little bit difficult to find and an off beat menu pairing but it was good. (Note:  despite the Yelp map showing it on the E side of Central, Lo-Lo's is actually West of Central two doors on the North side of Yuma).  The sign is small so keep your eyes open.Walk in and the waiting area has several nice pieces of art displayed as well as a book section where you can enjoy a quick read in kind of a coffee house atmosphere.  If you have time.  The guy and the girl who were working staff were quick, polite, helpful and cheery.  We were seated right away.  Service was prompt and lightening fast, but I went before the noon rush with only 4 other parties when we arrived and 3 more that came along after us.  So I imagine it changes, YMMVI had the Lil' Amadi combo opting for two thighs and a waffle plus a large Sweet Tea.  Chicken was great, flavorful and juicy but not too salty and the waffles crispy and tasty - cooked just right.  The Massive Kern mason jar of sweet tea was never empty thanks to prompt staff workers.  Total of mine came in at $10.38, then I tipped 20%.  Fair fare price - LOL!  Photos attachedYELPERS: This Place is another one of the gems I might never have found without browsing the selections on Yelp.  Thanx Yelp for keeping it fresh.
5	This place was exceptional!  We went in Saturday morning - brunchish time, we had just a couple minute wait, the place was packed, but as soon we entered the front door, down to the waitress to the servers, everything was EXCEPTIONAL!  I ordered the KK's, more than enough food, the Red Kool-Aid was very delightful!  Chicken, grits, scrambled eggs!  All delicious!  Definitely going back at least once a month especially during those times of the month - ladies this will crave your appetite!  Love it!
5	Lolo's reminds me of the good old southern cooking I could find growing up in Columbia Mo. A lot of my friends mothers would cook great soul food and this reminds me of when I was a kid. Today was my second visit to this place. It was as good or better than the first time a few months ago. This time I have the "Betty Boop", a single waffle, with a huge chicken breast, with a side of bacon and a side of fried Okra. I was full half way through but kept eating because it was all sooo good!!! If your on a diet this can't be the best place to go, but if your skipping a day on your diet, or just don't care, then get over to this place for great food. It is located in the ghetto, but the place is very clean and the staff is friendly. Everyone is happy because of the great food and people!!
5	I can't really add anything that hasn't been said...Just go there! The wait can be obnoxious but thats a good sign if you ask me.I always get the same thing...1 thigh, 1 breast (for later), greens, grits and sometimes the mac n cheese. Oh and sweet tea!! Just go...NOW
1	Chicken and Waffles DO NOT BELONG TOGETHER. Ew.I understand that the world probably thinks I am the scum of the earth for giving Lo-Lo's such a low rating, however, I cannot bring myself to like greasy, nasty food.Why is the Kool-aid flavored red? Why is it not called "Cherry"? These are the questions that haunt my dreams. Not only do I hate the food here, but why is it in the middle of no where? I had so much trouble finding it.You may be wondering why I even bothered to come here in the first place... good question. It is safe to assume that I will NEVER step foot in this door again.
4	I visited Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles for the 1st time this past weekend. Thankfully I was meeting a few locals that knew to call in ahead to make a reservation, otherwise we would have had to wait a long while for a table. Though the restaurant is quite small, rather a "whole-in-the-wall" type of joint, I have to say the service was pretty excellent. The food servers were quick and to the point, no wasting time kind of service. I was in a party of 20 and our food orders came out within a few minutes and they are generous with their portions. I personally ordered the "Tre-Tre" (2 drumsticks and 1 waffle) and added a side order of 2 eggs scrambled and a side order of corn bread. The menu prices are inexpensive too! Major Plus! Just be sure to bring cash if you are in a large party because they will only be able to split the bill into 2 seperate checks.
5	Lo-Lo's you are so ghetto fabulous I don't even know what to do with myself. Actually, I do: order the Tre-Tre, mac and cheese, and a side of cornbread. And just bask in the culinary amazing-ness that is fried chicken and waffles. That's right, I just said bask in reference to breakfast foods. Lo-Lo's is no ordinary breakfast fare; it can be enjoyed any time of the day. I prefer it after a few stiff drinks, when my cravings become insatiable. But let's get down to business:Get the "red" kool-aid to drink. It's a little sweet, and I usually water mine down a bit. It's much better than the lemonade which is really tart. I like the Tre-Tre for my main entree because it comes with two legs that are good to da bone and very easy to manage. For sides, because I am like a ravenous animal at Lo-Lo's, I get the mac and cheese and cornbread. The mac and cheese is out of control delicious. It has baked cheese on top, and it is super creamy underneath the hard shell. I feel like a barnyard pimp when I eat the cornbread because of the large portion. It is very moist as well (I usually put a little syrup from the waffles on it.). You don't have to be hood rich to eat at Lo-Lo's either. Everything is more than reasonably priced. All in all, I love dis place!!
2	Apparently, someone was fired from Roscoes Chicken N Waffles in LA, moved to Phoenix, opened their own restaurant, changed the name and a few recipes (not the waffles) and BOOM! Lo Los Chicken N Waffles. Here's my review.Location: SUCKS. I thought my GPS was malfunctioning when it told me I had arrived at my destination. Hole in the wall shack on the corner of a busy street across from a fenced up empty lot. There goes the ambiance.  Actual Restaurant: Too small and cramped. Very mediocre looking. Lots of signage written in Ebonics, menu items had ghetto names, Kool Aid flavors (Who puts Kool Aid on a menu and charges $2 for some colored sugar water?!) were Blue Raspberry, Tropical Punch, and Red....WTF is RED?!  Employees: Cordial. Wouldn't say friendly. One copped an attitude when I told her this place was just like Roscoes.The Food: I had the Sheedahs Special (1 breast 1 wing 1 waffle) and a side of Mac and cheese. The chicken was very salty. Salt does not equal flavor. The waffle was DELICIOUS. Just like Roscoes. The macaroni and cheese I was appalled by. How dare someone use cream of mushroom soup to make Mac and cheese with! That's a cheap way to make it creamy. I was sickened. 2 bites and I was done.Maybe I'm just spoiled by Sistahs Soul Food in Long Beach or the REAL chicken and waffles joint who've I've named several times already but I couldn't see what all the hype was about. Lo Los is for people who have Lo Lo standards for soul food apparently. Don't think I'll make the visit again
4	Man, Lolo's makes some great food. I zealously ordered way too much (and ate every bite). I had the #10 - the Tre Tre - two legs and a waffle, with a side of smothered potatoes. When I asked what the potatoes were smothered with I got quite a look from the waiter. ("What a white girl," he probably thought.)I got over my original white-girl fear and smeared plenty of hot sauce on my chicken then dipped that goodness into the syrup and wrapped it all in a bit of waffle. Oh yeah, it hit the spot!My friends all had similar items, but different sides. The collards are true southern greens, the fried okra is perfect and the beans on rice has great flavor. This is the mother of all weekend breakfast/brunch meals. Delight in its glory!
4	Oh.my.gosh.  I LOVE this place!  We read about Lolo's in a magazine and stopped by on our way out of town.  I'm so glad we did!  Their chicken was some of the best I've had anywhere--way better than Roscoe's!    The waffles have a great flavor and were crisp.  I love the collard greens, too.  It's definitely worth the trip and the wait!  I can't wait for a return trip to Phoenix to try more sides and get more of those chicken and waffles!
4	This was the first time I visited Lo-Lo's and compared to Roscoe in Long Beach, the chicken and waffles were alot tastier.  The fried chicken was moist and not gresy.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The collard greens were also delicious.
5	****NEWS FLASH****Lolo's now has the BLUE kool-aide! ::dies::Hubs and I found ourselves on the south side of Phoenix last night, I looked at him and said we are right by Lolo's, no other discussion was needed. The waffles were even more amazing then the last time, if that is even possible. The chicken was fantastic, looove me the Betty Boop!
2	This is no Roscoe's chicken and waffles. They also do not have AC inside this place. You are warned if you come here during the summer. I ate here in 115 degree weather and it literally destroyed my meal. All I did was down fruit punch. I couldn't enjoy my chicken and waffles. The food isn't bad here it's just bad to eat here in the heat. Please ADD some AC and I'll return here.
3	After reading so many great reviews about this place, I just had to give it a try. My experience was not as great as all the Hype. As soon as I arrived after circling the block looking for a place to park, I was greeted by a redicoulos wait in line, outside in the Arizona Blazing sun. Did I mention there is no shade and it"s HOT outside. As soon as you get inside and sit down, you'll realize it"s even hotter inside, then add in the humidity from everyone sweating cause it"s so crowded in there. Nothing like sweating your butt off as you eat your food! As for the food, it was good. Fried chicken was fantastic and the Macaroni and cheese is splendid! Unfortunetly I wasn't impressed with the waffles :( they wernt bad but not good either. My suggestion would be to visit this establishment during arizonas cooler months Nov-April unless you like sweat with your food.
5	I'm with Kirstin E. - the Betty Boop is the way to go!  My office is *almost* within walking distance and I'd eat here every day if I didn't require a nap after doing so.  This place is a Phoenix institution....I looooves it!
5	Suki suki now!This is some damn good food.  Best fried chicken in my life.  Tha Mac and cheese was ok...not special but good.  The service was awesome!  The servers were literally hugging us as we left.  About $15 a person...not cheap but worth it.
5	kind of a hole in the wall place, but the best chicken & waffles I've had!
4	My Cousin swore I would love it. He is full of Sh*t most of the time, so I checked it out. Damn you! You were right - I love this place! Got there before the lunch crowd and found seating easily. Started with the sweet tea (Dayum it is good!). Was in Jacksonville not too long ago at a BBQ place and I thought their sweet tea was good, no way - LoLo's has it dialed in! Had the LoLo's plate - A (2) waffle, 3 piece of chicken, then I added a side of Grits. Grits came with a square of butter melting on top. I thought it made it sweeter. I thought the grits were a little overcooked, but the butter made them really good! Was able to sample the cornbread... WOW!The Chicken. Probably the best fried chicken I have ever had in my life! The Waffles - a light sweetness in the batter with a toasty taste. Did I die?Needless to say, I finished half the waffles, 2 pieces of chicken and the grits and I am good for 24 hours! Satisfaction has been reached! I gotta try the koolaid and the mac and cheese next time. I will be back.
5	Best chicken and waffles in the universe hands down. This spot is always packed. every time im in the valley of the sun i have to stop in. You never know who will be there. The shirts that the the staff wear are priceless....So hood. love this place and the kool aid in the mason jars are the shiz- nit!
5	Amazing soul food! I've been craving Sweet Tea since my internship in North Carolina last summer, and Lolo's definitely hit the spot. I ordered two chicken breasts and the waffles (the toy-toy), but everything our group got looked scrumptious. The macaroni and cheese is especially delicious!What are you waiting? Head to Lolos for southern style soul food :)
5	Dear Lo-Lo's why do you have to be so damn good!?  I really wish that when I had you last weekend you had been dry and tasteless so that I wouldn't have to come back and eat Fried Chicken and Waffles again... but now you have made me an addict to your delicious mouth-watering juicy breasts & thighs... Woah where is this going?! LOL Thank goodness you do takeout for now my husband will have to do his husbandly duty and pick me up a piece or two on his way home from work.... Truly wonderful... I never had waffles with fried chicken before and I'm not sure why I was so surprised at how great this pairing would be but I was... Great service, everyone was friendly and upbeat and seemed to actually enjoy working there which is definitely a PLUS! ;-) I love you Lo-lo's!
5	I've been eating here for a while now,and this has to be the best chicken I ever had beside the waffles.they batter is thin,sweet and crsipy with no skin.there sweet tea and lemonade makes a perfect arnold palmer.thet kool-aid will send you into a sugar comma.so good.roscoes ain't got sh*t on this place,everything is classic soul food with a twist thanks to his mommas breakfast and brunch house,"miss whites golden rule:it is a must eat spot,top on my az list,if you don't know know .now ya know,quality at its finest,stay classy yelpers
5	Great service and amazing food. Maximum calories per dollar.  Just AWESOME!
2	I had higher hopes for this place, the chicken wasn't well seasoned there was no kick to it. Corn bread was too sweet, the only thing I did enjoy from this joint was the rice with gravy. Overrated! I give it a 2.5.
4	THIS PLACE IS small. REALLY REALLY small.  Good thing theyr'e planning to build a new one.I got take out and drove 20 minutes back to work.  Not Good.  My stomach was growling at me - loud enough I could focus on nothing else.  They gave me melted butter, hot sauce & syrup with my chicken & waffle.  I'm so full right now.  Fat & Happy.  Very very happy.
5	I'll admit, I was a little skeptical when I heard "chicken and waffles". It's just a curious combination, especially having grown up in the Northwest. This idea is all new to me.Then my food arrived. I was no longer a skeptic. I could swear I had a full half of a chicken in my three pieces, and they were smothered in some delicious form of gravy, which I could have just as easily poured straight down my gullet. The chicken was cooked to perfection, as were the waffles. Even having everything mixed together on one plate which could barely contain all of that food didn't deter me one bit.I do not have a single complaint about this place. Everything was amazing.
3	The waffles are some of the best I've ever had. I'm not much of a fried chicken kinda guy so I can't tell you if thats any good. Customer service could be friendlier. We saw our waitress when she took our order and when she brought our food. She never checked up on us to ask if we needed any refills or anything else.Maybe the one in Scottsdale has better service.
5	I heard about this place from overhearing a conversation at a table behind me at another restaurant.  The folks were raving about it.  I had never heard of chicken and waffles before and the thought intrigued me.  I went by myself to check it out before I told friends or brought anyone with me....pretty skeptical.   I was blown away!  The food was AMAZING, the service was phenomenal and all the staff was extremely warm and friendly.  I honestly felt like I was a guest at a friends home for dinner.  I have "invited myself" back several times since and has been phenomenal each time.
5	A little hard to find and the exterior may throw you off but you would be making a HUGE mistake to not enter one of the best soul food gems in AZ. The staff is more amazing than the food and that is not an insult to the food but as a restaurant mangers view just as important. Friendly- funny- upbeat. Go early or you may have to wait outside. The word is out and its a 4 star place I will go back to.
5	I wish we had more people with us so that there was a reason to order everything on the menu.  My coworker called me up and said let's go to lunch.  She asked me what I was in the mood for and said I hadn't been able to stop thinking about chicken and waffles for the last week.  She said she'd been craving chicken and waffles all morning.  This is why we're friends and not just coworkers.  So we met halfway at Lo-Lo's.F-N-A-Cotton!  The nicest people ever are working here. I just wanted to skip the rest of work and just hang out all day and chat with the employees, make room for red velvet cake, and drink sweet tea.  Next time....You must get the stupid fries.  You can share these ooooooorrrrr eat them as a meal if you don't feel like waffles.  Fries, peppers, chicken, cheese, and gravy.  There may be more things included, but it really doesn't matter because they were bomb and that's all you need to know.Mac and Cheese = BOMBChicken and Waffles.... Really?  You need me to review this?  Amazing!! If you've never had chicken and waffles before, you have no idea what you're missing.  It's like heaven on my tongue.  Sweet sweet juicy fried chicken and waffle heaven.I can't wait until I save room to try the red velvet cake!!!
4	My P.I.C. has decided to only eat: teriyaki flavored jerkey, hot cheetos, jack in the box chicken sandwiches, and nestle ice cream cones for the rest of her pregnancy so I did not get the culinary experience I was looking forward to this trip to AZ. But we did eat here.And the food was really good. If I didnt know any better I would say there's nothing different between roscoes chicken and Lo Lo's or the waffle which is a good thing to me. I suggest not ordering the "breakfast potatoes' they were frozen potatoes that had been deep fried with sauteed peppers and onion thrown on top they look a lot better then they actually were. This place has one up on Roscoe's by giving unlimited refills on the kool aid. They had purple (grape), red (fruit punch), and lemonade. And they serve it in large cups like the ones you get at lucilles Bbq. This will become the "usual" the more I go to AZ.
3	I was visiting Phoenix for the first time and Yelped what seemed to be the best place to eat.  Lo-Lo's popped up towards the top of the list.  I've never had chicken and waffles before - I'm not a huge fan of fried chicken (waffles are OK), but wanted to try it out at least once.  This seemed like a good place to go....although I had a feeling the place was going to be overrated. While I don't know the Phoenix area well, the restaurant seemed to be located in the industrial boonies - the street looked a bit sketchy, and there was this ghettoish sign painted on a building pointing you to the way of Lo-Lo's.  There was plenty of street parking, and I don't recall seeing a parking lot.  It's a cute looking shop - shaped like a tiny house decorated with some neon lights.  The place is small - I recall about 6 or 7 tables and the restaurant had most of the tables occupied on a Friday night.  Definitely not a place for big groups unless you want to take over the entire restaurant.  It's a casual spot - waiter service is casual as well.  You don't have a dedicated waiter - they have 2 or 3 people on staff to help the customers as needed (which makes sense for such a small place).I'm not quite sure why, but it took us a little while to order - there were a decent amount of items on the menu, but because the menu items were mainly combinations of the same thing, we were confused on what/how to order.  For our party of 3, we ended up ordering (I think):  Baby Ray ($13 or 12), Lo-Lo's ($12 or 11), and Stupid Fries ($8).  This place should really be a $$ rating vs. $ - our total bill including tax ended up to be a bit over $40 including tax & tip.  This was just for 2 entrees and 1 appetizer.Food came in a reasonable amount of time - probably about 10 to 15 minutes.  Portions were reasonably sized - not too big or small.  We had 5 or 6 pieces of chicken and 4 or 5 waffles to share.  The chicken was OK - I didn't find anything special about it.  Meat was tender and the crust was OK.  It helped adding some hot sauce and vinegar to help enhance the flavor.  Waffles were OK - could have been a bit better if the outside was crispier.  Overall, this place was OK - it wasn't exactly a place to rave home about.  One of the people at our table compared it to Roscoe's and said it was about the same or Roscoe's was a bit better.
5	This place is sooo good!!  You can order anything on the menu and it will be outstanding.  The only thing that was terrible was that the food was so fresh and so hot that you cant immediately dig in and eat (I burnt my mouth on the chicken, lol).  It smelt soo good that I couldn't wait for it to cool down.  But I would rather have my food extremely fresh and hot!
5	Yes five stars. Get the chicken and waffles. Just do it. You won't regret it. I had the #8- one breast and one waffle. I also tried the fried okra and it was awesome! It is crowded but worth the wait.  Go!
5	Lo-Lo's Rocks!Everything that I've tried on the menu is great. The fried chicken is always moist and tender, and the waffles are always warm and yummy.I also love getting a big mason jar of cold and sweet kool aid.Unique menu, great food, and cold kool aid, gives Lo-Lo's five stars.
3	Come for chicken & waffles, stay for kool-aid in a mason jar, candied sweets, buttered grits... leave with diabetes.
5	I have a strange habit of always searching for chicken and waffles in any city that I visit. So there I was in Phoenix for the weekend and I came across reviews for Lo-Lo's. The reviews looked right, so off we went...I can see why some people say it's located in a sketchy area, but everyone knows that's where you find the best food!It was about 1pm on a Saturday and the place was packed, but we got seated right away. I had the number 3, Lo-Lo's - 3 piece, 2 waffles, and a side of corn bread. My girlfriend had Puff's Chicken Tender Basket and we shared some mac & cheese.The food was excellent, especially the corn bread! The service was great, we had about 4-5 different people walk by and ask us how we were doing.Also, I loved the mason jars.See you next time I'm in Phoenix!
4	Definitely going to make this a normal visit instead of waiting 3 years to try it.  Kool Aid in a Mason Jar was all I needed to see to know this was not going to be a typical dining experience and something to remember.  Food was amazing, the staff was friendly and the prices for the portions were more than fair.  Only the off beat location prevents me from making this a 5 star review.
4	first time going to LoLo's.  will definitely be going back.  since we'd never been there before, spoke with patron at table next to us, explaining it was our first visit, and asked what he would suggest we order.  since there were two of us, he suggested ordering the #3 and then getting a couple of side items.  we did order the #3 to split and then ordered mac & cheese, smothered potatoes and grits.  great way to sample a few of their offerings.  left definitely feeling satisfied.  thank you kind sir for your suggestion.
5	This place is awesome and the food is great!  went for breakfast to have the Chicken and Waffles which I never had in my life.  Will be back soon as it was great!
4	I was craving some really good fried chicken so I found Lo-Lo's on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  My daughter and I shared the Soul Food Platter (3 pcs of chicken) with a Waffle & Buttered Corn.  My husband had the Toy-Toy (2 wings & a waffle).They brought out our drinks in the traditional mason jar-looking glasses.  And when our food came, I instantly smelled the intoxicating combination of fried goodness and sweet waffles.  The chicken was moist and crispy.  Not too salty.  The waffle had a great chewiness to it.  The buttered corn was, well, buttery and cooked well - soft with just enough bite.I do have to say that I was disappointed in the Sockittome cake.  It was moist but wasn't very flavorful.The place is super small so it wouldn't be a great idea to go with a large group.Other than that...the food was pretty good.  Not THE best fried chicken I've ever had, but still very tasty.
2	It's sad when the best part of a meal isn't even what a restaurant is known for,  I'll keep it short and SWEET.The chicken was mediocre.The waffles were good.The grits were ok, as best as I could tell, given it was my first time eating grits.The ambiance wasn't great, but about what I expected, given the location.The location was scary.The service was functional.The best part of the meal was the SWEET tea served in a mason jar...and I do mean SWEET!I can't say I'd want to go back, but might if others wanted to.  I would offer some other restaurant choices, if asked.
5	Hungover? Check. Hungy? Check. Downtown? CheckMeans one thing I need something filling and greasy and the best plan was Lo-Lo's for me and my friends. Waking up on a Sunday morning and needing food we quickly decided that chicken and waffles was the only correct choice.I ordered a arnold palmer with sweet tea and my friends got grape and red koolaid. All the drinks were great and served in some pretty large mason jars. The Arnold palmer with it's mix of sweet flavors and bitter bite of lemon was a great way to wake up and get some fluids of the non-alcoholic kind.For food I got the Baby Ray's which is chicken covered in gravy and onions and some waffles. It was great the chicken was super moist inside and the flavors of the chicken, gravy and waffles make a savory bite that was as pleasing to the stomach as it was the tongue.  The gravy was just enough to cover the chicken but not so much it was too much. The waffles have a spice in them that i think is nutmeg but makes very flavorful on it's own without syrup. The meal was exactly what i needed to get me up and back to normal...sadly it was so good I ate so much I needed a glorious food coma to recover. I can't wait till I can come back and try the other goodies like Mac and Cheese or cornbread. Even the fried fish sounds good.
4	Umm.. Waffles ! Ok, I love Chicken & Waffles. I travel all the way to the "hood" for my fix. I wait an average of 20 mins for a table.. Because I usurally want LoLos on a weekend & its always busy when I go. I have no complants really in the food department. BUT I do not like the cornbread. It's just off. I do however think that the Scottsdale location is better, maybe because of the location they need to stay on their game.. maybe because the cliental is a bit different and won't come back for a second round if the food isnt exact.. ( you get my drift ) but Usurally the chicken is great , Mac is creamy, and I can expect what I am paying for.. But a side bar. - On my recent visit to LoLos ( downtown ) they had a large sign of the new building they are putting in place of the old one.. BUT WHY where they taking donations for it ? Why are they asking the public to donate so THEY can build a new place ? I hate to be the one to say this.. ( AND YES I AM AFRICAN AMERICAN ) But black people ! We must do better. I would never walk into Houstons or Durants and see a Big box for donations so they could build a new location... I never see them doing any charity or giving back.. And hell They just raised the prices on the menu when they built the new place.. So what gives... Anyhow.. LoLos.. Great food. .. Don't sleep on the waffle :)
4	Smothered Chicken is the bomb.  Reminded me of my Grandmothers.  Will be back soon
5	So I shouldn't eat refined carbohydrates...but if I'm goin to Lo-Lo's I'm gonna tear it up! I took my niece Ivy on Monday...actually she paid so who took who, right? Anyway...we arrived right at 9am when they opened and sat right down. The waiters were cool and cute...made sure the table was freshly wiped down and brought the high chair for baby John Ford with a smile. I ordered the #2 Baby Ray...3 smothered chicken thighs with gravy and onions, 2 waffles, and a side of grits, and even though I suffer from "Sugar Diabetis" as my family still calls it...yeah, I admit my white trash culture...I ordered a jar of Red Kool-Aid Drank. Man...it's worth the risk of diabetic coma...the sweetest Kool-Aid Drank ever...tastes like summer! The food was amazing as always...the waffles have a hint of cinnamon ...smothered in butter didn't even need the warm syrup! The chicken was delicious, and the grits were creamy and soooo comforting! My niece said Lo-Lo's was the best chicken and waffles she ever had...and she's had 'em in Oakland!!! We were both very disappointed there was no red velvet cake...but had sock-it-to-me instead that was like pound cake on crack! Like a cinnamon roll banged a pound cake! I spent the rest of the day napping and farting...heaven!
4	I have been here before and I usually get the chicken and waffles and they are good. Today is the first time I decided to get something different the soulfood platter. 3 pieces of fried chicken 2 sides and corn bread I got mac n cheese and green beans. They were delicious the green beans had lots of flavor and a little heat and the mac n cheese very creamy.
5	OMG- I cannot believe it's taken me this long to experience Lo-Lo's! Having lived in Phoenix for quite some time now, I find it very sad that I've just discovered the awesomeness that is Lo-Lo's, but now that I have I am happy to say I can go back whenever I want. I found the service to be very prompt and friendly. You could tell the people liked working here, and who wouldn't with access to some of the best waffles and chicken I've ever tasted. Now, I've been to Rosco's Chicken and Waffles in LA and I've got to confess, the chicken tastes similar at both. It is fried to perfection with just the right amount of seasonings. Where the two places differ, in my humble opinion, is the waffles. Lo-Lo's wins hands down in my opinion. The waffles are to DIE for! I don't know what it was, maybe the butteriness, maybe the syrup, or just the waffle batter, but man oh man was it good! We took home a piece for the red velvet cake and didn't get to it until 3 days later and it was pretty good... it probably would have been WAY better fresh that day, but we were TOO full to partake. Anyways, I can't wait to go back, but I've just got to lose the LBS I gained from the first meal- then I can return!
5	to be honest i go to lo-lo's maybe once a month.  now that's out of the way...well, if you do find the location because i've passed by a few times it's ghetto.  i guess with the ghetto location there is more tlc in preparing the meals.  lol.  okay, once you are inside the seating is a tight fit.  we have been sat by the soda machine and the bathrooms.  i guess if you have a larger party they will sit you on the far side of the restaurant which has about 6 inches of more room.it may sound like i'm complaining but i love the whole atmosphere!!!  if you do eat here while it's packed with customers this place gets very loud.  onto the food.  since i have eaten here on average once a month i have not had one bad meal.  the chicken is very moist and not too greasy.  the waffles are awesome.  the chicken strips are great.  my pops loves the catfish.the service is a hit and miss.  i want to believe the servers are doing their best.  but it seems when the customer traffic is light the service is great.  and when the customer traffic is heavy the wait and quality of service becomes compromised.if you have not tried it go and try it at least once.damn, now i'm hungry!
4	For some I assume this would be a grand experience. My guess is that it would be for the same people who would label this as a "Soul Food" restaurant. In my home however, it is simply food. Regular old, Sunday night  food. Good food: absolutely. Exceptional food: nah. Maybe this is because  the mac and cheese and fried chicken taste exactly the same as what I place on my table for family get-togethers. However, if it is food that you do not know how to cook on your own I would suspect that you'd find it delightful. Pros: mac & cheese and fried chicken are very good. Homefries are to die for. Good service and drinks are served in jars (gotta love that).Cons: You have to wait in the blistering heat to be seated, the place is extremely small and don't be fooled by the Famous red velvet cake. It taste like red cornbread with icing and walnuts. Very good icing and walnuts but all the same just a spiced up cornbread.Overall: Good experience. Good food and yes if I head out of Cali to Phoenix again I will go back.
2	Nothing special, expensive 3-piece chicken dinner $20, OUCH!!!! Atmosphere ok, hole in the wall with limited menu.. You gotta be kidding.......I will not go back.
5	Cozy place, great amounts of food for little money, they serve koolaide!!!!  Its all great I loved it both times so far, once in 2003 when I went to review it for the school newspaper, and again 8 years later when I drove by it and the nostalgia made me try it again with the fiance
4	Who knew that Chicken and Waffles would be so good together? Sure didn't, yet am so glad I tried it out. Wow that's good. Yeah it sounds odd, but the flavors are beautiful. Very pleased with this lunch!
1	This is the first restaurant that I've been asked to leave because there were customers waiting outside.  We waited about 10 minutes to get in; sat down and received water and coffee, 5 minutes later put in our order and received our food within ~7 minutes.  We ate and chatted.  As soon as we got the bill the young gal said we needed to hurry and leave because there were customers waiting for seats.  To boot the food wasn't that good either.
3	Maybe I am missing out since I don't eat Chicken but I just don't get it.We arrived for lunch at 11:30 and had to wait outside for a table.  Once we had a table the menu was simple combos of chicken parts, eggs grits and waffles. Choose your combo and it has a number and a name.I had the Nay Nay $8 2 waffles 2 eggs and grits.  The waffles were nothing special at all and a bit under cooked in my book. The eggs were just eggs and the grits were soaked in butter and flavorless. If I am going for a hear attack at least I want to enjoy the taste, or get good value. My co workers also got a jar of kool-aid, this a diabedic shock inducing concoction that is so sweet it is viscous $2.50 with refills. I say go to say you tried it and that is about it.
4	This is about the 7th place around the country that I've had Chicken & Waffles. Very authentic, the atmosphere is what it should be.Service- outstanding, very helpful and friendly- 4starsDrinks- big cool bottles- 4 starsCollard Greens - spicy, tasty, make your momma proud and eat some- 5 starsMac N cheese - not that great, I mean it's better than the out of the box stuff, but after reading the reviews I expected more of the gourmet style. - 3 starsRed Velvet cake- a bit dry and bland- 3 starsWill I return next time I'm in the area- sure thing
5	What is not to like about this place? I can get amazing fried chicken, a huge, flavorful waffle with warm syrup and butter, and Kool-Aid in a Mason jar! How good can Kool-Aid be, you ask? Just come here and find out. It's the best you'll ever have. Not to mention the fact that their southern-style cooking is some of the best you'll find out here in Arizona too. I've eaten at Roscoe's House of Chicken in Waffles in LA, which was the place that got the whole chicken and waffle trend started, and I can tell you that LoLo's outdoes them on every level. The people that work here are awesome and make great recommendations to first-timers. I've been here three times since first trying it back in April and I plan to go back any chance I get.
5	lo-los's food is amazing. way better than roscoes chicken n waffles.compared to roscoes:the waffles taste the same, the chicken taste better, getting drinks in masonjars was pretty cool, the corn bread and mac n cheese was way better than roscoes. but what gives lo-lo's the better restaraunt is the service. the service is very friendly. our orders were right when we received our food. the servers kept coming back to check on things and refill drinks.i also dont know of too many restaraunts that have a kool-aidlogo in the beverage section
4	Sweet tea was delicious.  Fried Chicken was OK.The waffles here are so LEGIT!... barely had to use any syrup as the waffles were so tasty with just the butter and the waffle itself.  The waffles were just milky goodness and it was a sad times when I finished them off.  I kept thinking about the waffles for the rest of my entire trip to PHX. 4/5 :)
5	We saw a review on CheckPlease on TV and today we were near downtown Phoenix and wanted to try this place.Our expectations were exceeded!The food was delicious and the service excellent!We had the waffles and chicken. Still trying to figure out where the waffles and chicken combination comes from. But mmmmmm good!Delicious food and excellent service!
5	Good food, cool place to go. Reminds me of home.
5	Ok, for me if there's one thing that comes close to Buffet, it's a fried chicken place!  Thus, I wasn't about to miss the opportunity to get together with Robyn N. & Arlin B. today & have lunch today at this busy little place.  It was my first visit, & here's how it struck me:*  Funky, unique, fun atmosphere & vibe about the place.  It's a screwy building to start with, then your water or beverage shows up in a quart canning jar, & so on!  FUN IS GOOD!!*  Our service was prompt & attentive, & the staff members made it clear that they were glad we came here to eat!  These really nice people helped make the experience special.  FRIENDLY IS GOOD!!*  Somewhat unusual (for me anyway), very tasty food overall.  DIFFERENT IS GOOD!!*  Then, OMG, the chicken!!  TERRIFIC FRIED CHICKEN IS GOOD!!     :-))
2	I gave this place 2 stars only because it's the best tasting chicken waffles in town...wait it's the ONLY one in town! Food is actually good. Tastes just like it sounds. But don't expect much in the service department. Also what kind of breakfast places doesn't open until 9am?!? Laziness or stupidity? I would think if you wanted to survive this economy, it may be wise to not only cater to the unemployed and retirees that have the luxury of enjoying breakfast after 9am. ? Don't most of us need to get to work by then?!? Oh well, I'm sure a chicken and waffles spot will have plenty of success in SCOTTSDALE!
4	I'm in Phoenix for work right now and of course, I looked to Yelp for a good place to eat. Once again, I was not let down. The food was good, but more importantly, the staff was very polite, friendly and attentive. More restaurants need to take notes from Lo-Lo's customer service. I was greeted by three different people upon walking in. I feel like a lot of places lack that friendliness nowadays. Sometimes I feel lucky if someone even acknowledges my presence when I go out to eat.As for the food, I ordered #10, side of mac & cheese and cornbread. I think I fell in love most with the chicken and corn bread. Also, the sweet tea is on point!As I was shoveling food into my mouth, the owner or perhaps manager, comes up to me and asked "you're eating alone?" All I could do was giggle considering my mouth was full of fried chicken and mac & cheese. Sir, if I could've spoken at the time, I would've let you know that I would gladly sit alone, look like a loner and eat at your establishment because it's delicious.
5	Extra yummy with a side, oh wait...two sides of awesome!  The food was great, the service was GREAT (even with 15 of us at the table) and well...the food was GREAT.  If you are going in a group, decide to share sides, they are large and you can get more variety by not being selfish :-)
5	I get take out from here all the time.  It is really unhealthy food but it is authentic, delicious soul food.  Consistently good from week to week.  The place is small and it takes a bit to get your food but it is worth it.
5	This was sooo good.  It was one the recommendations from our hotel.  It was a little out of the way for us and there was a bit of a wait, but it was worth it.They have a great menu for everyone with any appetite.   I would warn you, this is not a place for those on a diet.  It is great down home, soul food cooking at it's finest.  Order a few things to get a sample, but you obviously have to get chicken and waffles.... they are good, really good.  The chicken was crispy and moist.  The waffle was the size of my plate.  It was light and fluffy.  A little maple syrup... some hot sauce... Heaven I tell you!  I was so happy.The mac and cheese was good... not great.  The corn bread was dense, but not overly so. The sweet tea was a bit too sweet and needs to be cut.  My wife ordered the salad.  It was delicious.  They were generous with the chunks of fried chicken and other toppings, with a nice portion of mixed greens.This was one of the best meals I have had in Phoenix.
4	During a recent road trip, a chef friend sent me a link to www.roadfood.com so I could try some interesting eateries along the drive from Green Valley to Goodyear. The site suggested Lo-Lo's, and Yelpers agreed. We didn't have to make a major detour off the freeway.We parked on the street and entered a modest restaurant with bars on the window. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=KUUUNkwR7yzcX2o38AYTQQ No biggie. We received a warm welcome and got friendly service.We ordered:* 2 waffles with 3 pieces of chicken - I liked the waffles a lot. I still am not sure I "get" chicken with waffles, but I'm testing it out. I liked the chicken, but wasn't completely blown away by it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=3fY_2vL-zR4xXiKuhDjRgA* 1 plain waffle for our 5-year-old - Thumbs up from the kid.* Grits - Lumpy and plain, but still nice in a simple carb sort of way. As a California girl, I know almost nothing about grits.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=UP5-xhOoSN3C3JLURcrXJA* Chili and corn muffin - The chili was made with beans and beef, and was delicious. The corn muffin seemed pretty dry - waffles are way better here. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=PojMqwuCAdilemZILlH1AA* Mac n' cheese - Creamy and satisfying. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=apV6OcH9iItBhrm8An33nw* Collard greens - Spicy, the flavor seemed a bit muddled, but it was a-okay. * Red velvet cake - This was one of the best RV cakes I've tried. Incredibly moist (how did they do it?), very sweet, with fresh pecans on the frosting. I recommend ordering a slice to go, since you'll likely be to full to enjoy it after eating all this heavy food. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YPavuOh2XsnRbLfl0DH2lQ?select=l12Isv2RMc5q0LRuYmD4wAI was glad to have found this special soul food restaurant. We left feeling totally stuffed and very impressed.
5	I thought the idea of chicken and waffels was kind of werid, that's mainly why I wanted to go. But this place was awesome! There waffels are really good, they have a great flavor. The chicken is really good as well, I also had their cheese grits. I really recommend everything I had and think you should stop by if you get the chance.
5	A-mazing. The restaurant is small and cramped, but the food is spectacular, service is extremely friendly and efficient. My husband had  Chicken & waffles, and I had Bre Bre's chicken salad, both were phenomenal. We also took red velvet cake to go, so so so so good.
5	I cannot live without Lo-Lo's.  It is INSANE.  Juicy, juicy chicken, crispy waffles....mind blowing.  I alternate between the Betty Boop and the Tre Tre.  I actually prefer their dark meat as I find it tastier.  Either way though, you can't go wrong.  Skip the Scottsdale location and go to the OG place on Yuma.  Oh..and get the sweet tea! Tooth rot in a jar, but so good!
4	I dined at Lo-Lo's for the 1st time this past Sunday. I called ahead after leaving church to make reservations for a party of 5. I was told our wait would be 20 mins. By the time our party was there & spoke to the girl at the podium. We were told that the person that answered the phone NEVER relayed the message to the person who actually keeps the list & gets the guests seated. Needless to say we waited about 45 mins & watched as several other groups of people who also called ahead were forced to wait among those walking up. Although we didn't mind the waiting; it was a lil discomforting to have that happen. Once we did get inside service was prompt & our order taken immediately. One of our guests did have issues with his order. Apparently he always orders an omelettes & we were told that the person who usually does omelettes was not there so he could not get it. He ordered something else & again it was a no-go. That sucked quite a bit but all in all the experience was fun & I definitely wouldn't mind going again.
4	I visited this location a few months ago for the first time, and returned for my second visit the very next day. I got their standard chicken and waffle plate on my first visit, and just chicken and macaroni the next day.Both visits were pleasant and the food was delicious.My only criticism is that the waffles I got were a bit on the thin side. I've had chicken and waffles from many different soul food places all over the US and in comparison LoLo's waffles were just okay. The chicken on the other hand was A+. It was tender and juicy and well fried.I see myself coming back here again.
4	I came here looking for something I had never had together: chicken and waffles. The chicken legs were fantastic, but the waffles were so so. Either way, I washed it down with some "drank." LOL! I may come here again, but it won't be for at least a year before I recover from the calorie coma!
5	Original Lo Lo's....This really has to be the easiest review I have ever done. The service is great and very personable. Everyone asked us if we needed a refill or needed help (not just our waitress).. GREAT SERVICE!!! They really make you feel at home and have stayed grounded even though EVERYONE wants them to become a major chain. 5 stars. And did I mention how Great the food is. I really need to start trying other things but the chicken and waffles are to GOOD to turn down. If you have not had Lo Lo's, get there soon. Definitely at the top of my Yelp list..
5	Yummmmm! Everything was tasty, the koolaid took me back! Wish we had saved room for red velvet cake!
4	I've eaten at this restaurant on many, many occasions and it is always great.  Lines are sometimes out the door, but the wait is worth it.  They have collard greens, fried okra, the best sweet potatoes I've ever had, and best of all, some really good fried chicken.  The catfish and chips basket is perfectly cooked and always great.  Go hungry, because the portions are generous.  One of these days, I'm going to have a slice of the wonderful looking Red Velvet cake on the counter.  If it's as good as the rest of Lo Lo's food, I'll be in heaven.
5	Awesome soul food. Best fried chicken in town!!! Not very healthy, but definitely worth a 1-3 visits annually.
5	I wish Yelp had a "6th" Star to award restaurants sometimes! I would give one to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.... based on my dinner this past Friday night.First off, we ended up here almost by accident. I made the drive with my wife and daughter on Friday evening from Scottsdale to downtown Phoenix to visit Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe.... only to learn they are now closing at 7PM every night! :(   They used to be open till 3am on Friday and Saturday nights.But... they did inform us that Lo-Lo's was open and it was not too far away... so off we went. They place was busy... and they sat us towards the back. But the service was crazy good!!! You really need to spend a few good minutes acquainting yourself with the menu. I was laughing my ass off at the menu items! "Stupid Fries", "Phat Azz Samich", "Crazy Ghetto Mess", "A Jar Of Drank"! Just to name a few.The best "line" of the night... my wife asks our waiter, "How are the 'stupid fried'?" His reply.... They're Stupid...............(long pause)..... GOOD!" I stuck with the tried and true chicken and waffles. We shared at the table the candied yams, and the fried okra. Everything was amazing! It was my first time having chicken and waffles together. And it won't be my last. I ate so much I was sick for several hours afterwards, but you can't help yourself! Dinner on average seems to run about $13 a person.So when you a re in the "hood", give Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles... you will be glad that you did!
4	Love this place except for being seated near the drink station pretty much in the kitchen. That's kinda lame. Otherwise this place is next to amazing.
3	Lo-Lo's is still at a solid 3 for me. I love the chicken and since my last review I have been back for to go orders several times. The service is fast and very friendly. I have since tried several different side Items, almost all of them I think.My top sides are;Buttered Corn outstanding 5 starsGreens best I have had outside the house solid 5 starsMac and Cheese between a 4 and 5 just because some days it's on point and others it's just aight. Smothered potatoes 4 starsCandied yams 4 starsRice and gravy 2 stars the gravy was disappointing had bell pepper in it.My least favorite Red beans and rice 1 star, I love red beans and rice but not with BBQ sauce yuck. I had a little problem with the desert. I love Red velvet cake but theirs is disappointing. I went on Saturday and saw that delicious mountain of a cake in the window and knew I had to have a slice. I got it home it tasted like cornbread?! WTF Someone messed up and made it wrong. I called they offered me another the next day but that one wasn't much better. The sock it to me cake was very sweet. My standing order will be Chicken, mac n cheese and greens from now on! I have yet to try a waffle since I have been getting to go orders I don't know how well a waffle will travel. I like the initial crispness to my waffles. I will be back to dine in one day and I will get a waffle. BTW the sweet tea is SWEEEEEEET!
4	Food coma!  Lo-Lo's is consistent and comfort food for the soul.  We got lucky and their wasn't much of a wait to get seated.Don't knock Chicken and Waffles until you try it!  I was skeptical the first time I heard about it, but I went to the grand opening of the Scottsdale location and I've been a fan ever since.Don't hold back...go for the Lo-Lo's 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles and take left overs home with you.  Be sure to try the sides...my favorite is the Fried Okra.
3	The best thing about Lo-Lo's is the staff.  I think during our visit we managed to request the assistance from each staff member, lol.  I have to say although it was abusive on our part, I loved that accessibility.  It gave the place a down-home family feel! I also loved the mason jar motif, especially for the kool-aid (haven't had that since I was a child)!I didn't eat much because I wasn't that hungry, but I did get a waffle that was delish! Since I'm a veggie, the menu was kinda limited for me, so I kept asking "can you add something to the waffle?"  The waiter suggested pecans.  OMG! it was SO good.  My friends enjoyed their chicken and waffles.  My friend's mom didn't care for the grits, but we all loved her banana pudding.  It was the standout dish - well done.
4	Sure the neighbor is a little rough, and I might worry about where I park my car.  Also, the food here isn't completely healthy for you, and might be a days worth of calories in one meal.... but it's totally worth it.This is one of those places that I go to once a year, to pig out on fantastic soul food.  I always order the standard friend chicken with waffles, mac and cheese and collard greens.  The sides are kinda pricey, but good to share with someone.  Even though they look small, you'll be so full from the actual meal, it wouldn't matter.Good mix, hot sauce with the maple syrup and the chicken, you gotta try it.The place is small, but it has a nice atmosphere, with books and magazines scattered around to read while you wait.  It's a cozy place, great for a nice outing out with a friend.
4	Bountiful plate for chicken and waffles. You could even change it up and replace with other side dishes. Turned out wonderfully and delicious. Staff was quite attentive as well. The location isn't great, however, but it will have to do.
4	I finally got a chance to come to the original location. It was late on a Thursday night. Like 8ish late and the fabulous Dottsy decided she wanted some chicken and waffles. So off we went to get their before they closed. This place is small and quaint and I can see how the lines are around the corner on the weekend. Get in and get out people lol. The staff were friendly and the food was delicious as always. Plus they were playing some jams while we enjoyed our food and they didn't rush us at all even though they were closed by the time we were done. If I am ever back on this side of town, I just may have to stop in and get my fried chicken and waffle fix.
4	This place is tiny and its a liitle bit in the cutties...this is another one of them down places. So Foofoo warning in effect. Start with koolaid but get some water to cut it. This is the sweetest koolaid ever. Its good....i think the ratio is 1 jar of Water, one pack of koolaid, one pound of sugar! Lol!The waffle is great. The chicken.....awesome. Desert was amazing! Banana pudding was off the hook.Im mobile.so sorry i can't write too much more but this place is worth stopping at if you're ever in phoenix. Comfortable great music great food.
5	I grew up in the South eating copious amounts of delicious soul food and as an adult I have traveled a great deal in search of places that can still do it right, and I am here to tell you: THIS IS IT, folks!The food is indescribably delicious and well executed and the staff could NOT be more pleasant and attentive, but one of the most important reasons to high tail it over to Lo-Lo's is because this place is a rapidly vanishing breed and a foodie experience you won't ever forget.Abandon your diet, forget counting your cholesterol and treat yourself to a meal that will make you weep with pleasure.  Life is too short for Subway sandwiches when a temple of deliciousness like Lo-Lo's graces this weary world.And this I vow: I will never visit the city of Phoenix again without stopping to eat at Lo-Lo's.  And I can't wait to experience Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe!
3	We were told this place rivals Roscoe's so I had to give it a try. I'm a fan of Bonnie Jean's here in San Diego so this place has a lot to live up to. It is not as good as everyone says it is. The chicken was dry and the waffles weren't very flavorful. The sweet tea was way way way too sweet and the fried okra wasn't very good. The greens were delish and I did enjoy the wings that my friend shared with me. I also really liked the gizzards and gravy. The gravy is what gives this place a solid 3 stars...along with the very friendly wait staff!
4	SO much better than roscoes.  Better waffles and certainly better chicken, can't go wrong with a nice jug of kool-aid either.
4	I know, I know, another chicken and waffles place. I mean, how hard is it to mess up chicken and waffles. The only reason I went here is because Charles Barkley recommended it, and if CB knows anything, it's unhealthy food. I'm done rationalizing my decision to go there but I don't want to make it a trend of going to these somewhat gimmicky chicken and (insert breakfast item here) restaurants. verdict: The food was really good. The sides were amazing too, I got the mac-n-cheese; a gloopy cheesy mess, just the way I like it.P.S. I thought Roscoe's in LA was better.
5	Chicken, waffles, Mac and cheese and greens were amazing. As if someone's granny cooked it from the deep south. Better than Gladys Knights chicken and waffles as well!
4	best chicken in az so far. Love the tre-tre with added piece of breast. Mac and cheese is bomb. Hit up the kool-aid drank yo!
4	Looking for a place in Phoenix to get some early breakfast Easter Sunday (Matt's Big Breakfast was closed) and we came across Lo-Lo's. Boy, what a gem! We parked in front. The place is small and quaint but definitely has a lot of character. First thing I noticed was that the whole staff was really friendly, welcoming, and attentive. We came here for chicken and waffles so that's what we ordered. However, there was so much more on the menu that I seemed appetizing. The sweet tea came out in large jars. Nice! I had the 3 pc chicken and 2 waffles smothered in gravy and onions. My friends had the same without the gravy. The food came out quickly and piping hot! Whatever is in their seasoning, it was so good! The gravy and onions were even better! I could probably have done without one less waffle, but oh well, I was on vacation.Lo-Lo's is definitely up there for me in terms of best chicken and waffles. I'd come here again if I'm in Phoenix.
4	We went on a Thurs evening, 6ish, and as soon as I stepped out of the car, we were greeted by a group of friendly servers.  We got a table right away. I ordered the chicken tender basket with fries and my hubs had 2-pc chicken and a waffle.  We both ordered the sweet tea.  The sweet tea was delish...def no splenda in there but reminded me of my grandma's tea growing up!  Our food came out piping hot and was YUM! Ok, so chicken and waffles isn't the most extravagant cuisine for a 4-star review but Lolo's won me over with their service.  The food beat Roscoe's in LA and fancy schmancy steak houses could learn a thing or two from their customer service.  It was the perfect experience for what the restaurant is going for!
5	This is one of those great little restaurants that has found a niche and mastered it.  The chicken & waffles here are simple incredible.  The fried chicken is certainly among the best I've ever had.  The sides are delicious (I recommend the red beans).  Even the "dranks" are terrific.  Great lemonade and sweet tea.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere very authentic.This place does not pretend: it achieves soul food greatness.
5	This place is awesome. I never expect combination of fried chicken and waffles were so yummy. I fell in love with this place going for the first time. The chicken were fried fresh. The flavor was awesome. The waffles were delicious. If I get a chance I would like to go there again.
5	This place was INCREDIBLE!! We got to LO-LO's at about 11am. We ordered and within 2 min we where eating. The portion sizes are very very big. You could share a plate. I had the BABY RAY, 3 piecec of fried chicken with onions and gravy and waffles. GREAT GREAT GREAT. I cannot say enough about this place. The only down side was LOCATION, we ate at the downtown location. If you are scared or think you are too good you can go to Scottsdale, BUT A MUST GO EAT!!!!!
5	My husband and I LOVE LOVE this location for some reason we feel at home at this place. The staff are very friendly and the food is amazing I love the GRITS. It's usually very busy when we come but it's worth the wait.  TRY the Kool-Aid  they have a Scottsdale location but I really don't care for that location
5	I'm from LA, home to Roscoe's chicken and Waffles, and I heard from my friends that Phoenix Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles out beats Roscoe's. Without a doubt they were right.....This establishment over exceeds Roscoe's food. I ordered the Ivan's Chorizo and Eggs and my friend ordered their famous Lo-Lo's #3. I was amazed over their chorizo quality and the way it was cooked; the tortilla was warm and fluffy. The FRIED CHICKEN was tender and juicy; I definitely could not have asked for better food then what Lo-Lo's had to offer. I would encourage everyone who visits Phoenix to make Lo-Lo's a priority when eating out.
5	Best waffles ever. Seriously. Now pair those perfectly cooked, cinnamon-y waffles with the best fried chicken, best shrimp and grits, and best banana pudding. Ever. Those are pretty much the only things I've tried... Oh and bacon but honestly, bacon is always amazing. Pretty much any where you go I recommend eating bacon. Moving on...Before going to Lo-Lo's there are a few things you should know...1. This is not a place to go when on a diet or attempting to make healthy choices. You CAN eat healthy here (egg whites and turkey bacon anyone?) BUT it's no fun!!! Why eat egg whites when you can eat grits oozing with butter, crispy always fresh fried chicken, and waffles drenched in sticky syrup? Splurge here, it'll be worth it.2. The neighborhood this location is in is a tiny bit sketchy. Do NOT let this stop you from visiting. The place itself is not the least bit sketchy and the staff are all amazing. 3. It's pretty small (they are currently building a larger space.) There could be a wait when you go (especially with a large group.) But the service is fast and the food comes out quickly. So fear not!Now... If you made it to the end of this review, you either still have doubts about the amazingness of this place (or you would already be on your way there) OR you are just preparing yourself for your carb party. Either way, hurry. Deliciousness is waiting.
5	Man this is my spot! If I was ballin and worked out everyday, I would eat here everyday.I first fell in love with Chicken and Waffles during my frequent visits to the LA area. I always had to visit Roscoe's without fail. For some reason I had no idea this place existed for the longest. I seem to remember Lo-Lo's having a pretty good sized menu but it never matters. If it only had one thing on the menu that would be good enough for me! I still have yet to go to the one in Scottsdale even though I'm walking distance from it, but the downtown Phx location just seems so authentic. One of these days when I have an extra $20 in my wallet I'll bike over to their Scottsdale spot and see if it matches up. Either way, if enough reviews haven't persuaded you yet to be adventurous and try this awesome mix of food, you should stop using Yelp because you're doing it wrong.  Protip: Get it smothered. Your getting enough food to give yourself a heart attack already, why not add some gravy and onions. You'll thank me later!
5	Absolutely. Something for everyone, and a unique place for Phoenix . I won't debate how it compares to chicken & waffles places in the South or in L.A., all I can say is that every meal I've had here has been terrific. Fried chicken is the perfect balance of crispy and juicy.  The cinnamon-y (is that a word?) waffles are tender and melt in your mouth. A nice splash of maple syrup and there's no need for the ice-cream-sized scoop[ of butter sitting on top.  Cornbread and sweet potatoes are also good. I'm not a fan of greens, okra or mac & cheese, but my family and friends vouch for their excellence. Service is always friendly. So, so good.
5	I absolutely love this place. A great place to take your family. Everything on the menu is Delis!! I would recommend the sweet tea or the coo laid
5	I've only been here once but I really want to go back. Sadly it's a bit of a hike for me. I got the Betty Boop and the Stupid Fries. Both were excellent. Be warned that the Stupid Fries look horrible, but they taste amazing so order them and dig in. The drinks are served in mason jars and the whole place feels and looks like you're in someone's home having a great meal. Hopefully I can go back soon because it was absolutely worth the drive.Update: Went back and they've remodeled. Food was still amazing and now the restaurant is also pretty great looking. Can't wait to go back again.
2	This place is not all the hype! Chicken was a little greasy. Sides were bland. Really the "eggo"-ish waffles were not great either. The grape kool-aid was all sugarfied! Tip: Go to Church's chicken and make your own waffle.
5	I been here a few times and it's one of my favorite places to dine when I'm craving chicken and waffles. It is a small place, but today I found out they are expanding which is great news.  I usually order the Betty Boop, which is a large chicken breast and a waffle on the side . It is delicious and filling.  Today I decided to try something different and ordered  the chicken sandwich. It 's so big I couldn't finish it, but it was also very good.  It comes close to my favorite dish the Betty Boop.  I would also like to mention the staff is always friendly.
5	SOOOO GOOD!If you're in Phoenix and you want fried chicken, go here.  The chicken is perfectly fried, tasty, and juicy.  It's exactly how I like my fried chicken.  And the waffles are delicious.  I was sad when I had to stop eating my waffles to eat more chicken and then I was sad to stop eating my chicken to take a bite of my waffles.  That's how good the food is!  Yes yes, I could have eaten both simultaneously, but I wanted to taste the flavor of each because they can stand alone and knock your socks off.If I were a guest on the show "Best thing I ever ate - fried chicken" this would be the place I recommend.
2	This place is ok. Being from the south, I know what real soul food tastes like, and this is the commerical version of that. I have the opportunity to sample the chicken wings, mac and cheese, collards and yams. It was just ok. The mac and cheese was bland, the yams were decent. The fried chicken is hit or miss. Once my chicken was finger looking good; but then it tasted reheated.  The place is always packed with a diverse customer base; which is great. I would go back to eat; but its certaintly not a place that I drool over like I do Grandma's Sunday dinner.
5	AMAZING!That about sums it all up.AWESOME service from every staff member.  Authentic sweet tea (my sister from tennessee gave the approval!).  Love the mason jars for the drinks. and the food...........wow.  I never knew Fried chicken and waffles could be so amazing.I'm in love.  : )This was my second time there and i will most definitely be back!
4	Probably closer to 3.5 stars but I rounded up to 4 stars since chicken and waffles is not a food type that I expected to find in the desert. The food is tasty enough and I would expect that LoLo's is the finest chicken and waffles joint in Arizona.I spend a lot of time in Atlanta on business where chicken and waffles is considered an art form so I'm spoiled by Gladys Knight!Seriously, the waffles are delicious!  Some of the best that I've had anywhere...  I'm not sure what is going on with the frozen butter/crisco on the waffles but I could do without it.The chicken is pretty good but it is fairly greasy....  I had the chicken fried chicken and it was a solid offering topped with sausage gravy.I wanted to try the banana pudding but I succumbed to the chicken, waffles, chicken fried chicken, corn bread, rice/beans,etc...  You won't leave here hungry!
5	Awesome, awesome food!
5	Chickennnnn! I love soul food! I was staying at a hotel in North Phoenix, but drove 20 minutes downtown to try this place!I got the "Baby Ray" which was 3 pieces of chicken smothered with gravy and onions, and 2 waffles. Mmmmm, I'm drooling just thinking about it. I really loved the gravy, it tasted great with the chicken. The food came out fast despite how crowded it was! The service was friendly.
4	Since I didn't get my eggos this morning, and the reviews on Yelp were rather high, I convinced my daughter we should try out LoLo's today. She's never been there, and wanted to try them out too,so it was an easy sell.  Going in, the place was kinda small, but I've been in even smaller joints. I ordered 2 thighs and a waffle, and my daughter had 2 wings with a waffle. The chicken was cooked to perfection and the waffle was light and fluffy with a great touch of cinnamon. I didn't think I was gonna finish the whole meal (cause I wanted to bring some home) but the task was too easy. If you like really SWEET tea , this is the place to get it. Mine was a bit too sweet for my liking (thats why they only get 4stars, because of the iced tea).  Overall if you never been here, you gotta go. At least once, then twice, then three times.....
4	Went here for breakfast on a Sunday morning and it was busy, but they seem to know their business well because our food was out within 5 minutes of ordering and tasted fresh.  I come here for the chicken and that did not disappoint.  It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The waffles seemed a little overdone, so I ended up eating only half of it.  I had some mac and cheese which was great, so that made up for the waffle.  The service was prompt and attentive, so no problems there.  However, I don't agree with the 18% gratuity for a group of 5 people, but I'm guessing it's to ensure people tip.  Since the service was great I have no problem paying 18%, but I would prefer that the amount to tip be my decision for a group of less than 7 or 8.
5	I just went there for the second time at this location - having been to the Scottsdale location twice as well.  I like the funky charm of the extremely small old house that appears to have several small (I'm sure not permitted!  :-) additions from over the years!...Oh my god I love this place!  This is what the fried chicken in my dreams tastes like.  I always get the 3 pieces with 2 waffles and it puts me into food bliss state.  The last time I went there was a decent wait outside with the other two dozen people attempting to have lunch - this time was better because it was late lunch - my favorite time anyway!  Awesome, fast friendly service, delicious Kool-Aid, fried chicken with waffles for a late lunch - dream come true experience.
5	I am seriously addicted to this fabulous pair. Who would have thought chicken and waffles would go soooo well together. Food was amazing!!!!
2	I don't see why everyone is raving about this place. I have had better chicken and waffles at Caferteria 15L. The chicken here reminded me of KFC chicken, aside from being crispy I didn't see very spectacular. Also when I got the waffle it wasn't as crispy and delicious as I wanted. It came with plenty of syrup and butter but that didn't mask my disappointment. I think this place is just overrated and I would not be back again.
4	Do not go there if you have a late afternoon client meeting.  You will be happy, but you will be oh so sleepy.  What I love about LoLo's is that they have the best lunch combinations already figured out for you....the hard part is just picking out which one.  The macaroni and cheese is just the type you want, gooey and cheesy.  The collard greens are tender with just a little bitterness and the chicken is without compare.  I care mostly about the waffles which are huge and the size of a dinner plate.  Oh and you can get red kool-aide in mason jars.  Need I say more?
5	Having recently moved to Phoenix, this is my favorite place to eat out here so far. The area looks a little sketchy, but maybe only because I've always gone after it's already dark out. I've been here three or four times and they have never disappointed! Someone has been outside the door greeting every time I have visited. Even when we had to wait to be seated, we were given menus to look over while we waited. They are always busy and with good reason!My family came to visit, and I wanted to take them to Lo-Lo's for dinner. We all tried a little of each other's foods to sample different plates. I always get Chyna's Honey Hots. Six big wings served with ranch. There has always been a lot of leftover honey hot sauce even after I've finished eating, so they definitely aren't lacking on the sauce. They have a great flavor to them, and they're always very hot temperature wise and have a zing flavor wise.We ordered the South Side Chili Cheese Fries which was a MUCH bigger serving than I had anticipated. There were 6 of us eating the fries with our meals and we still had leftover food AND fries. The portions are very generous. We all loved the waffles and various styles of chicken. One person at my table ordered the SoulFood Platter of Chicken Fried Chicken which is chicken covered with white sausage gravy. This was also great. It came with a piece of cornbread and 2 sides. One of those sides were string beans and red potatoes. This was probably my favorite side that I've tried so far. They are much spicier than I would have imagined. So much flavor, I loved this side! The grits were also good for the side order. The regular fried chicken was also very tasty. The prices are a tad on the high side, but well worth it for the portions and taste you get out of it. The restaurant is also VERY clean. VERY, VERY clean. I don't think I can even stress that enough. Not even a spec of dust on the picture hanging by our table. And the staff has always been amazing. Our bill for 6 people was between $80-90, which wasn't too bad considering the amount of food we had leftover and shared the massive plate of chili cheese fries along with our individual entrees. I will definitely be returning!
5	Went to Phoenix with my baby over the weekend. He asks, "Baby wat u wanna eat?" I thought about it and said, "fried chicken, boo." Baby goes to get the food. When he comes back I'm looking at him like he's the LAST chicken wing on the table..."WHERE DA FOOD AT???" He hands me my container, which I almost drop cuz I ain't expectin that much food! I open and much to my delight...3 juicy (NOT greasy) pieces of chicken, greens, mac n cheese, and some good-ass corn bread. Baby wasn't lyin when he said this place was GOOD. He's from the South, so I knew to trust his judgment. =)  Can't wait to go back to Phoenix so I can have some mo' of that good good...food. LoL. ;-)
3	Only been in there once a couple of years ago. It was somewhat crowded but comfortable...with that slightly divey feel. The food was good, no mistake there...almost reminiscent of Mrs. White's.BTW...I heard a rumor that Lo Lo's is somehow affiliated with Mrs. White's. Not sure if it's true but it's what I heard.
5	The new location is much bigger and GORGEOUS!  It's located on Central Avenue in a beautifully renovated building that Larry and Rasheedah White saved to preserve some South Phoenix history. The new restaurant is right around the corner from the tiny original location that will soon be torn down to complete the new parking lot.  Don't worry the food is as delicious as ever. The setting is now "Palais du Poulet" but the grub is hood fo'ever.
4	I love Lo-Lo's. It is definitely worth the trip to the "hood" to sample a bit of their exquisite southern fried decadence. I had the 3 pieces of Chicken Southern Fried w/ 2 side orders & cornbread. I chose the mac n' cheese and sweet potatoes. Everything was amazing. No. Make that "a-MAH-zing". The chicken was cooked perfectly--tender and juicy with a crispy coating that had a nice "pop" of seasoning. The mac n' cheese actually had cheesy flavor. All too often, restaurant mac n' cheese leaves me wondering "where's the cheese?" Not so at Lo-Lo's. The only (only!) complaint I have is the portion size. It was WAY TOO MUCH!  I wish they had a two piece/two side combo, or even a one piece combo. As much as I like fried chicken, I'm really a sucker for the sides. Lo-Lo's does both very very well.
5	Was in Phoenix for the day and found this place on yelp. I left here wishing I lived in Phoenix. It is fried chicken done perfectly with perfect waffles and perfect butter. There's really nothing else to add. Just go.
1	The good: New location is gorgeous. Terrific decor and atmosphere. Food is great. Waffles are light and fluffy. Chicken is a little salty but very tasty. The bad: I called in my take out order from home, and got to the restaurant about 15 mins later. I still waited abut 15+ mins for my food. While waiting aman who was obviously a vagrant came in and asked for a glass of water. The hostesses ( there was two) got the manager, he said ok and ask the guy to have a seat. The gentleman literally sat leg to leg with me, held out his fist  for a fist bump with me and leaned in for a whisper. Well after I fist bumped him, he whispered in my ear how he's out on his luck and needs $50 for some oxy..... After I said I didn't have any cash, he said no prob, and kept rambling on to me about how much pain he's in. Yeah it took the manager at least 4+ mins to get this guy a cup if water. While both hostess tried to look busy and not look at me and my new BFF.  After the guy left they continued to ignore me, didn't say why my food technically took 30 mins. Or apologize for sitting a drug addict next to me and hit me up for a 50 spot. Price. I ordered a total of 3 waffles and 2 chicken wings. The price came out to $16.52. Market average for Premium Jumbo Chicken wings is 1.99(http://consumermeats.com/details.php?id=2220&c=45&s=&pqn=&name=Fresh-premium-jumbo-chicken-wings-40lbs-case.) that's .67 cents each. If you add .25 per waffle ( on the high side) that's $2.08 plate cost.  Yeah 800% markup on a 13% food cost. Ridiculous price markup for a 2 diamond fine dining restaurant let alone a chicken and waffle joint. Staff: I was there on a sunday morning about 9am. The place was about a 1/4 full.  I thought I noticed a lot of staff floating around, so i decided to count.  There was :1 Front of the house manager2-3 Hostesses5-6 wait staff1-2 bust boys And a whole kitchen full of other people I count count. Front of the house alone there was 1 staff for every 2 customers.  Ridiculous. Overall thoughts : Good food, great new location. Slow, egregiously mis managed, grossly expensive, poor customer service. Will return in 2013 and see if any things been fixed.
5	I had been eating at the Scottsdale location all my time in the valley, so decided to give the original a try. Lo-Lo's just recently moved into the building next-door, and the original shack has been bulldozed. While waiting for the rest of my group, I loved being able to watch the food being made through the window! Staff was super friendly and we were seated by Larry "Lo-Lo" White himself. I also really liked the atmosphere inside with the mason jar lamps and all. Looking forward to coming again when live jazz is being performed!Now on to the actual food part. I ordered the #10 Tre-Tre's with a blue Kool-Aid. One awesome thing I noticed in comparing it to my experience in Scottsdale is that the chicken legs have waaay more meat on them. It's almost as if the meat on a breast at the Scottsdale location equates a leg at the Phoenix one. Definitely a good thing! The waffle was just as amazing as I've always experienced. I will be definitely returning to this spot.Oh, and if you didn't read my review of the Scottsdale location, take my advice and ORDER THE BANANA PUDDING! You won't regret it.
4	About ten years ago, I was in Phoenix for the first time ever working a project and my dad came for a visit and we read about Lolo's and visited. Back then (although my memory fades), the shack was still there and this joint was in it's infancy and both the atmosphere and food were memorable in that fried, greasy, backwoodsy kind of way. It had charm and character, but now the shack is gone and larry has gained about 25 pounds and they have two locations and there is exposed lighting and nice booths and T-shirts for sale. Hey, when the cash gods give you your chance to cash in, you might as well, but some places don't sell out and its too bad that this place has fancied itself up. The food though was pretty much what I remember, although Waffle House has better, crispier waffles. The chicken is still top quality, but not the "best ever" anymore, hey something has too suffer when your expanding. The home fries were outstanding with huge chunks of real potatoes and a healty dose of onions and two colors of peppers on top and the sweet tea was terrific in it's mason jar for 3 bucks. It's still clearly worthy of a visit by tourist and local, but if your in a real good fried chicken place in the South, you will wait 25 minutes for fresh chicken. My meal came out in ten minutes which leads me to believe things are a bit different in that kitchen these days than the good ole days gone past.
5	The first time I've regretted my bariatric surgery. Seriously the food was amazing, the staff polite, and the new restaurant was gorgeous. I only wish I could have enjoyed more food there.
5	They had Kool Aid! i was so happy to see it :)The chicken and waffles were really good... my girlfriend and I went straight there from the airport, before going to our hotel, and it was completely worth it... yeah, waiting outside in 100 degree heat isn't ideal, but for 10 minutes you can deal with it... especially when they had someone outside giving out waterIf you're ever in Phoenix like us, or live out there, definitely stop in!!!
5	My husband and I have been going to this place for years. They recently opened up the new building and it is beautiful! I'm not a fan of Kool-aid but it's a must have here, the blue "flavor" is EVERYTHANG!! I usually get the soul food platter, comes with chicken, 2 sides (mine are mac & cheese and greans) and a big azz stupid sized piece of cornbread. If you have high blood pressure or clogged arteries I wouldn't recommend this place to you. You'll definitely be eating good in the hood here but if you come at night carry a blade in your purse. ;-)
4	Bring on the calories! This is the place to go if you are feeling really hungry, or really under-weight. Where else can you get perfectly fried chicken with waffles? Most of the choices on the menu are reasonably priced, and the new design of the place is open and bright. I also thought it was very clean inside, which one would not expect from a restaurant that prides itself on serving neon colored and super sweet cool-aide. While the waffles are nothing to write home about, the chicken is fried to perfection. It was tough finding a parking spot, and we had to eventually park across the street. Not knowing if you car is going to get towed kinda made me rush through my meal. The grits left something to be desired - they were dry and had little seasoning. If it wasn't for the huge hunk of butter (which seems to be the only ingredient/condiment that the kitchen used), I would have not eaten the grits at all. Thankfully, the hot sauce made them taste alright. Will I come back? Probably, but only after I recover from my heart attack from the last visit.
5	Approaching the hostess stand as I looked around the newly designed space I was quick to find that much like my surroundings the service too at Lo Lo's was far superior to Roscoe's and led by one smiling face at the podium to another at my table towards the back it would not be long before a menu was in hand, water was filled, and a few daily specials were noted - the whole process taking less than five minutes and my order placed within ten, much to my waiter's delight as he noted "man, you ordered all the best stuff - I hope you brought your appetite."Sitting and watching the games as the restaurant's hustle and bustle continued my neighbors struck up a conversation with me stating that they had been coming to Lo-Lo's "every few weeks since the day it opened" and admitting it was my first time they suggested it definitely wouldn't be my last and within moments of the arrival of my meal I knew they were right as every single item that landed on my table looked excellent; the first being a single $3.50 "Aunt Hattie's Salmon Croquette" featuring a crispy external batter surrounding flaky salmon and studded with green onions.  Apparently a traditional southern recipe but one I'd not previously encountered I was told that these were best with a splash of Lo-Lo's "famous" hot sauce and although I generally prefer to avoid condiments I must say my neighbors were right as the acidity of the sauce really helped to bring out some of the more briny notes from the salmon while breading remained crunchy with minimal grease.Moving next to my main plate, the $14 Soulfood Platter with Chicken Fried Chicken, a golden waffle, macaroni and cheese, plus a round of cornbread it would be hard to find a gripe with this dish save for, maybe, those who like their mac n' cheese a little over-baked and with a bit of crunch.  Featuing a double dipped and friend boneless, skinless breast alongside a bowl of intense and peppery sausage gravy the chicken here was definitely the star of the show with each bite juicy and full of crunch but largely devoid of any oil whatsoever.  Nicely spiced and with the gravy further gilding the lily I next turned my attention to the waffle, also crisp but intensely buttery with a good amount of 'give' at the center and while pure maple syrup would have been ideal in the end the Mrs. Butterworth's was fine - the sweetness tempered by the chicken, gravy, and macaroni.  Last but not least, the cornbread crowned with a mound of butter was textbook - a little dry, not too sweet, and good both on its own or as a transition between the plate's other components.Making short work of the Soulfood plate my primary server, Joseph, stopped by to say "nice job" and asking if I had room for dessert I think he was surprised when I said yes - and even more surprised when I ordered two; one for here, one to go, and both eliciting a slow whistle from the gentleman to my left who said to his wife "that boy can eat" - and much like the savories what I ate next would be outstanding.Beginning first with the lesser known of Lo-Lo's signature desserts, a house made banana puddin' served in a hefty mason jar and topped with an airy dollop of whipped cream - at $5 this is probably the steal of the menu as the container must have contained twenty spoonful of the rich parfait.  At times rife with the fructose of banana and at times mellowed by whipped cream or saturated Nilla wafers with plenty of textural nuance added by crumbles and chunks of unsoaked cookie this was precisely my kind of dessert; high end ingredients or not, I love pudding.Realizing I couldn't (or a least shouldn't) leave Lo-Lo's without trying their oft raved "Sandy Sand's Red Velvet Cake" and knowing I could (but shouldn't) have eaten it while I was still seated at 10 Yuma Street I asked for a piece to be boxed up and although it wasn't pretty, the results were just as good as many have suggested - the cake moist, dense, and loaded with cocoa while the cream cheese icing is slick but not too sweet and nicely tempered by the pecans.  Generally one to fancy cupcakes over sliced cakes mostly because I prefer there to be more cooked surface area and thus more 'sponge' I was particularly interested to see the open baking window as I left the restaurant where the team was assembling the cakes from large springform pans thus allowing the layers to each have more exposure and thus explaining the excellent texture.  For my money I'd go with the puddin', but this is one damned fine Red Velvet, and in the context of the experience that is Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles either make a great finale to a great meal in an unexpected but excellent setting.
5	I have fantasized about the idea of chicken and waffles for quite some time now, and Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles was all that I hoped for and more!  The chicken and waffles, cornbread, sweet potatoes, mac 'n cheese, grits and kool-aid were amazing! The restaurant itself is really cute too.  Very creative decor.  Such a fun, delicious dinner experience!
4	I'm going to preface this review with this statement: DON'T EAT THE CAKE. Really, what was an otherwise fantabulous meal was ruined by my slice of red velvet cake. Cake is loosely used to define this...thing. It tasted like raw biscuit dough. It was wet, mushy, and the only flavor was red food dye. Even the frosting was terrible. *sigh*BUT! The chicken fried chicken was fantastic, the candy sweets and collards were great. And the cornbread was darn tasty. And, hey, you serve me a refreshing beverage in a Mason jar, and I'm a happy camper. I ate like a pig, left full as a tick and still have a doggy bag with half my food waiting for me in the fridge. Midnight snack? Breakfast with a couple eggs over easy? Either way, yum again! So you'll enjoy your meal...as long as you avoid the cake!
5	Wowzers! This place was amazing. I shared the chicken and waffels and I had to add some side dishes: mac-n-cheese, collard greens, and gravy. It was quite the soul food experience; everything was mmmmm mmmm tasty. I also treated myself to some of the kool-aide (ohh -yea) took me right back to my childhood. The service was great!  It was tough to find parking but once inside it was an inviting and fun atmosphere.
5	bomb.comBrings me back to my days living in LA from eating at Rosco's. You cant go wrong with chicken and waffles!
5	This is by far, the best chicken and waffles I've ever tasted. I've tried them all...in Oakland, Long Beach, and Los Angeles. And none of the restaurants can compare to Lo-Lo's!! The waffles are amazing, it's fluffy and soft while the chicken is crisp and juicy. I love how they have Kool-Aid too. The other restaurants I've tried in California don't have Kool-Aid!!! And the Kool-Aid at Lo-Lo's is fantastic...it has a perfect balance of flavor and sweetness. It's like they put crack in it or something! My girlfriend had the "Stupid Fries" which had cheese, peppers, onions, and chicken smothered all over french fries. It's crazy good too and I definitely recommend to order that as an appetizer to share. Can't wait to return to this place again when I come back to Phoenix :0)
5	Lo-Lo's makes the best damned fried chicken ANYWHERE, not just West of the Mississipi!! That's saying a lot, but it's true. Their waffles are incredible, too. I love the family feel of the place too and seriously, kool-aid in a mason jar?? AWESOME!
5	this place ROCKS. Fabulous service, food, dessert.... parking kinda sucks but Id walk a mile for this comfort food! The open windows in the front are such a huge selling point. You can actually see the clean kitchen you're eating from, and watch the home made desserts being crafted. Keep up the amazing work guys!!!!
5	Oh, Lo-Lo's how I love thee...  I catered Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles for a surprise Halloween lunch for my staff this week and it was a huge hit.  I just told them I was catering lunch in, I didn't tell who was bringing the food.  After the food was set up and ready to go I emailed the staff and told them the food was ready and that it was Lo-Lo's.  You should have seen the steady stream of employees that started 'prairie dogging' over their cubicle walls and letting each other know what the big, surprise lunch announcement was!  It was hilarious how fast they scooted their normally slow asses to the conference room to be the first in line for Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles!!Lo-Lo himself (Larry) came out and he made piping hot, fresh waffles to order as the employees all dined on the best fried chicken in all of Arizona, and some of the most delicious mac and cheese and read beans and rice I've ever tasted.    Ohmidog, their food is so damn good...I was the office hero for the day and I couldn't have done with without Lo-Lo's.  Thank you, Larry!  You want to be the most popular person in your office?  Cater Lo-Lo's for your staff for lunch.  You will NOT be disappointed in the results.  ;)
5	I was craving chicken and waffles aso I decided to try the phoenix location of LoLo's. This location seems bigger and nicer decor. I like the floors. I went around 10:30 am on a weekday. I ordered chicken breast, waffle and cheesy grits. It came out really fast and it was delicious
5	All the hype about this place... DEFINITELY WORTH IT!I came to Phoenix to visit my bestfriend and she had been talking about this place ever since she moved there. I walked in the restaurant and was instantly greeted by the friendly hostess. We were sat within 3 minutes (which was pretty good because I've been told that it gets BUSY especially on the weekends)Our waitress took good care of us. I got the 3 piece chicken with waffles as well as grits and  scrambled eggs with onions and cheese. The fried chicken tasted soo good! You know how sometimes when you deep fry a chicken, sometimes the white meat inside get's excessively oily and greasy--the chicken here was perfectly crispy on the outside and wonderfully moist in the inside. The eggs were AMAZING. They serve their drinks in large glass jars--I got the lemonade... yum!I tried a bit of my friend's catfish sandwich, YUM! Next time I visit, I'm going to have to get that!Definitely go to Lolo's! There's also one in Scottsdale too if you're in that area ;)
3	not a big fan of chicken and waffles... but this place was decent.
5	mmm mmm mmm....i will be back...
2	This place is OVERRATED in my opinion. The best thing there was the $2.00 glass of Kool-aid. I expected the chicken to be amazing and it was just "ok". The waffle was horrible and cold once it made it to my table.The worst part of my experience was the service. It completely sucked. I'm not sure if the assign a server to your table or not because they had different people "helping" us. At the end of the night I wasn't sure who I was tipping.With the overrated food and the awful service, it only makes sense that it would be over priced as well.Don't fall for the hype.
5	Yum, yum, yum!!!I've heard about this place for years and recently had the chance to give it a try. Wow, some of the best fried chicken I've ever had combined perfectly with crispy waffles and topped off with syrup and LoLo's own hot sauce. Service was very friendly and the facility was really nice, very welcoming and comfortable. Yes, you have to drive a little further South on Central Avenue than some people find comfortable, but its well worth it.If you're looking for great comfort food, give LoLo's a shot!
4	Newly remodeled so there is more seating available.  Excellent fried chicken and waffles.  Serves all drinks in giant mason jars.  Excellent service.  Soul food establishment.
3	Food was very good but WOW this place is LOUD when it is busy.  Concrete walls reflect all of the sound and gave me a headache.  Never had this happen at a restaurant before.
5	Lo-Lo`s:You had me at chicken and waffles!! A first for me trying this and damn I`m gonna be back for more!! Hardest part here was deciding what to order but I went with what I came for- Lo-Lo`s ( 3 pc fried chicken and waffles). Juicy and crisp,Heaven to my tummy!!  Also tried the red Kool aid drank! Yum!!Like I said I plan to be back to try more delicousness  here, especially the red velvet cake!
4	Sketchy area.  But oh so worthin gooood.  Chicken is on point.  Waffles with cinnamon, delish.  The RED punch is the best (extra ice).  Will be back.
5	Damn Fine breakfast establishment. After suffering a horrible wait and no food episode at Matt's big breakfast. I drove by Lo Lo's and decided to give em a try. I am so happy I did. I got the coffee and the breakfast sandwich and I'm happy to say I was sat at a table promptly, my coffee was fresh and great, and my sandwich was heaven on earth. It was similar pricing to Matt's and everything was good start to finish. I will return to Lo Lo's for breakfast in the future.
5	Excellent customer service, delicious food. I've been here more than any other restaurant in Phoenix since moving here a year and a half ago. They've recently expanded their building... now the interior looks nice, too. Parking used to be an issue, but now they have a lot with plenty of space. When I asked about the new interior my group and I actually received a mini tour of the place. They showed us the kitchen (we didn't go inside, of course) and other areas. That's going way over what's expected, if you ask me. I see a lot of good reviews on their dessert, however I always leave stuffed with a ton of leftovers on even the smallest meals and haven't had a chance to try any. PS: Get the "stupid fries".
4	Great service - lots of staff, everyone checks on you including mgnt.  Probably the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Waffles were pretty good, Kool-Aid was a little sweet, but terrific and nostalgic.  Excellent decor as well.  I'll be back and I'm bringing friends.
5	When I heard about this place I thought - chicken and waffles served together . I could not imagine this combination together but once I tried it I was HOOKED All I can see if Oh my gosh it is the best fried chicken and the waffles are light and fluffy and HUGE . I love this place - the only down side is it is a bit of a drive for me (but well worth the trip !!!)
1	The waffles are like sponge and the chicken was over-fried and the service is bad. The owners are very arrogant, unprofessional and rude. Before I patronized the restaurant I heard things that were not good and boy did I experience what I heard and then some. ROSCOE's Chicken and Waffles from California would put them out of business if they don't do it themselves. Enough said!
2	Not a big fan of the chicken and waffles idea, but the waffles and fruit punch were good!
1	We order out from there once in awhile at work, and since the remodel, they act like the customer does not matter. First they got the order wrong, and then charged double for a couple of the items. When we called them to notify of the charges, they stated that this was the correct price and the ones on the internet menu are wrong. For a matter of $5 that they refused to refund and dismissed the issues with our order, they have lost at least 10 customers from our place of work as I will order from another place instead. Very very disappointed as I loved this place when I first ate there. At my old job, I ate there once a week. No mas!
4	The word AMAZING comes to mind. Great place to go and eat until your heart is content. Or until it explodes, whichever comes first. An odd combo but who the heck cares when you are suffering from the blues?I recommend, therefore I am right.
5	Took my mom out to Lo-Lo's for dinner on the 29th.  This was my 3rd time at Lo-Lo's and the 1st since the expansion.  The place looks great!  It was a busy Saturday night and the restaurant was packed, but they still found us a table very quickly.  I ordered the Famous Soul Food Platter w/ 3 pieces of chicken, a cornbread muffin, mac & cheese, a waffle and some of that good ol' lemonade.  My mom got the Toy-Toy (I think that's 2 wings and a waffle) and some grape Kool-Aid.We expected to wait a while for our food, but it was on the table in no time.  Our chicken was hot, crispy and juicy, even better w/ that hot sauce.  The mac was good, cheesy and not cooked to death (which I really appreciated).  That corn muffin was tasty and the waffles... they were just BOMB.  I rolled up a piece of chicken in it and that really set it off.Even with all those people in there, the staff didn't even seem stressed.  They checked on us and made sure we were taken care of.  Everybody was all smiles the whole time and our server gave us a "God bless" on the receipt.  Nice touch!I'll be back.  You better believe I WILL be back.
1	This review breaks my heart. A few friends and I met up at the down town location, I was excited to see that the newly renovated and expanded LoLo's was now open for business! It is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!! That's about where the love ends with this review sadly. We were waiting for one other friend to arrive, they would not seat us until he was there, I have never had this issue at Lolo's. But wait we did. When we were finally seated the waitress took our food and drink order. 10 minutes goes by, no drinks. She comes to our table and says they are our of glasses and we have to wait for clean ones. We asked her if she could just put them in to-go cups, we didn't need the mason jars, she says sure. 10 more minutes go by. Finally out come our drinks, in mason jars. OI. Next up is the wait for the food. We literally waited an HOUR AND A HALF for our food to come to the table, and I believe the only reason why we got it then was because we had complained to the manager. The table that was seated 10 minutes after us, got fed up and left at about the hour 15 mark and walked out. A table next to us who had received their bill sat and waited a solid 20 minutes just to pay the dang thing! Our waitress completely ignored our table and section the whole time we waited. There were not even drink refills in that 1.5 hour wait. NOTHING. I got up and found a waitress and pointed out our table at the hour mark and asked how long the food wait was, she said 40 minutes, when I told her we were already well passed that she said she would find out what was going on. Nothing. Then our waitress walks by our section at the hour 15 mark we ask her what the hell is going on, we get no real response. FINALLY we are at 1.5 hours and we are ready to walk, our friend goes and finds the manager and asks him whats going on and to please come talk to us. 2 minutes later the manager comes to our table with food! Yesssssss only its wrong, BOO :( They delivered 2 orders of stupid fries to the table, when we told him we only ordered one he said well we are just going to throw this away so keep it, which I am glad we did because it was going to still be a while for all the food to come out correctly. My friends order was the veggie plate, 2 of the 4 sides were wrong, then they tried to deliver the same wrong veggie plate again. She finally gets all of her food. meanwhile myself and a friend are STILL waiting for ours. Then he gets his and the manager says so that's it right??? Ummmm no...how about bringing the pregnant lady her food, eh? My food finally materializes and I am happy. The tell me that they are out of french fries but that they just cut up some potato's and made some fries, fine by me. My friend ordered the catfish and specifically asked the waitress for malt vinegar, she brings him out a cup of white vinegar....who does that? Ive been to both locations plenty of times and have never had this type of experience. It was seriously the worst....and to top that all off when our bill came there wasn't one bit of a discount on it, after all of that, everything we had been through, nothing. we were pretty disappointed in how the staff handled themselves. Not cool Lolo's, not cool at all. I think its rad that you expanded, but if you cant handle the customer load then whats the point?
2	it saddens my heart to type this review!!!  sorry lo lo's but the truth needs to be told.my family of 8 adults and 2 children arrived at the restaurant at 1:30 pm on 1/2/13.  we were told the wait was going to be 25 minutes.  we didn't mind because we have always had an awesome experience in the past.  well, 30 minutes goes by and i check in with the hostess desk.  i asked what the hold was.  zoe, the hostess said that we have a large party so it will take longer.  totally understandable.  the hostess was not trying to accommodate for our large party by saving single tables in an area to be combined together.  so smaller party's were being seated before us.  so finally,  zoe the hostess, caught on and started saving tables to accommodate our party.  50 minutes later we were finally sitting down.we ordered our drinks and meals at the same time.  it took 20 minutes to get our drinks.  it took an additional 25 minutes to get our meals.  the food was great!i'm not bitching for bitching sake.  the expanded building is nice and we are happy for the business owners but something was lost.  we didn't have that hometown feel.  we miss all the signatures and pictures.  we miss sitting by the fountain drink machine and bathrooms all in the same room.  lol.  our server didn't make us feel welcomed.  our family members have been in the food business and they were up in arms with what we experienced.  it seemed like the servers don't have the experience to handle a larger restaurant experience.WARNING:  IF YOU HAVE A LARGE PARTY, YOU WILL PROBABLY HAVE A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
4	I visited Lola's literally the last hour of my trip to Phoenix and almost didn't make it prior to closing. Though I was greeted by an overzealous hostess who demanded I throw away a small amount of bread before I entered, the total experience was worth the confrontation. My server was an extremely amicable guy. Most important the FOOD especially the beans and rice were phenomenal. The fried chicken's skin was perfectly crisp and tasty. This place is a must-visit again spot. Good job Lolo's!!
1	BLUFGot it to go and glad I did. The chicken was OK but only for the first couple of bites.  The red velvet cake was aweful. BackgroundYelpers let me down on this one.  I ordered the three piece chicken meal expecting to stuff myself contented with fried goodness and slip into a glycosidic stupor from a criminally sized slab of red velvet cake.  Let me say I didn't have to watch the scale worried of well earned weight gain from this meal.  The chicken was an initial hit but was short lived.  I didn't finish it nor did I want to.  The waffle did not travel well either, it was soggy by arrival (10 mins to the hotel - arrgh!)  nor was it flavored in any manor. I would liken it to the generic bread slices used at other joints for sopping up the grease.  The red velvet was a crime.  It too lacked flavor, was heavy beyond understanding and it hurts me to say this - was only deserving of the trash. wa, wa, waaaa.$20+ for soul food that was so bad.
4	So good! They even have cocktails with Kool-Aid! A great place to chow down on some fried chicken (moist, good flavor), waffles, grits, fried okra, greens, and a whole lot more.  You will definitely be feeling the itis before too long. The venue is spacious and the bathrooms were impeccably clean and very stylish. Yolo, so go to Lolo's and indulge.
2	I don't understand the hype about this place, other than its the only place in Phoenix with this type of food. I've been here with my family a couple of times when my father in law is craving the food, and I've always been disappointed. Chicken is nothing special, waffles are soggy, and the service is sub par.
5	Well we finally made it to Lo-Lo's for lunch after hearing so much about it!! All I can say is what took us so long?!? This place was amazing!We came about 3pm on a Sunday and had a 10-15 min wait. I loved looking around the restaurant and really liked the red brick inside and out. Also I liked the decor of lights made out of mason jars and TVs around. Waiting was not a problem. Once we were sat we were greeted with a friendly waiter, I think his name was Joseph. I ordered the catfish and waffle and my wife had the #2 Baby Ray, basically 3 piece chicken meal with 2 waffles with gravy and onions. We also had a side of the Mac n cheese too. All in all I thought the food was outstanding!  Probably best friend chicken I've ever had. I loved it even more with a bite of chicken and waffle at the same time! Simply amazing. The catfish was also equally amazing. Very flakey and fried just right. The waffles were made perfect too and I can't forget about the gravy. Very thick and yummy. Oh and the Mac! I heard that they have mushrooms in the Mac. I'm not a fan if mushrooms but gave it a try and I'm glad I did. Was also greatWe ended our meal with a taste of the red velvet cake.  But we had to get it to go because we were both so stuffed! But when I did try it, it's didn't disappoint!  Very hearty and I liked the walnuts in it. All in all I have no idea what took us so long to try Lo-Lo's!!  Now that I know where it's at ill definitely be coming back!
5	This is the first location I went to and while the place was small and kinda shabby, it smelt great and we were welcomed with smiling faces. We ordered the chicken and waffles and I got a lemonade that was served to me in a large jar. The lemonade was a little too sweet for me but I've been told that's how they serve in the south. The food was delicious and fresh. I've eatin at the Scottsdale location two times since this first visit to the downtown location, Scottsdale is just closer to me. On our way out of the restaurant we passed Shaquille O'neal, who was there eating lunch with some friends. Very pleasant experience :)
5	Was in town recently and saw this place as I was driving.  Um, chicken & waffles are like my cryptonite so before I knew it I was sitting at the counter looking at an amazing red velvet cake under glass and a crazy menu with so many choices I thought I had died and gone to heaven!  Love the drinks served in mason jars.  Nice touch Lo-Lo's!   So I ordered chicken and waffles of course (duh!) and a side of collard greens.  The southern fried chicken was perfect!  Add to that an awesome waffle soaked in butter and maple syrup.  Is there anything better?  Well, yes there is because the collard greens had to be the best I have ever tasted.  If you are in the area you will be missing out big time if you don't stop and check this place out!
5	I love this place.  The chicken and waffles are good.  But many people miss out because they do not order the shrimp and grits dish.  The shrimp and grits was the best I ever had.
1	This was the worst service and hostess I have encountered. Sadly I really like to eat there, but their employees are very rude. The cubby lady who I assume is an owner or their daughter since she is about 40 years old, was so extremely rude. We put in a reservation. Checked in and told them we were all there and that ppl were parking their cars and walking over. In less than 5 min they gave away our table when we were still on time/early and told us we would need to wait another 15 min. Then she proceeded to tell me later that there was no room at the table they were going to set up go my baby and my stroller! They give us a sling after we made an issue out her response, and the sling for the infant carseat was as big as my stroller! And guess what it fit just fine at the table. Also there are no baby changing tables in their restrooms so I had to make my daughter stand while I tried to change her diaper. The service was poor, slow, and we had to ask multiple times for items. We got served our food well after multiple tables that were seated after us. Everyone working acted like they had some stank attitude and I will not be going back for a while! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE for a large party!
5	Hnngh.huuuuuuhhhhhhh.Fried chicken, waffle, greens, catfish. Can never move again. I am OK with that. Ordered one piece of catfish, two came out, "because they were a little small". Best food of this particular expedition to Phoenix, and there are still a couple days left in my trip. This will be hard to beat, though.Chef May? About your place down in Tucson? Yeah this is what you're trying to achieve. Please come take notes.This is a silly thing to be happy about, perhaps, but I am always slightly irritated when I get a 6oz plastic tumbler stuffed with ice and a few drops of water. I drink water, a lot of it, and I don't normally get other drinks. Good service, an extra cup, a pitcher at the table, these are all things that can mitigate this. Lo-Lo's sidesteps it completely by providing 1L mason jars of water (I believe I saw kool-aid too) by default. I didn't even need a refill.I was so massively over-full that I couldn't try the red velvet cake but I'm almost considering driving back down there and getting a piece to go, the way other yelpers go on about it.
5	This is a must try if you are ever in phx! There are two locations which one is in downtown phoenix and the other in Scottsdale. After a night of partying and some great home cooked meals or just the craving for something sweet yet salty this place will hit the spot. I love that they make their own kool-aid and also have a variety of flavors. The Mac N Cheese is to die for along with their cornbread. I have had everything from the breakfast sandwhich, catfish, chicken wings, chicken strips, breast, and waffles with none of them falling short from excellent.
5	I don't like fried chicken. Definitely not enough to order it at a restaurant. Ever. It isn't that I haven't had a lot of it, but there's nothing that I've really enjoyed about most of what I've had.That said, Lo-Lo's is, hands down, the best fried chicken I've ever eaten: COMPLETELY crispy skin, flavorful coating and succulent meat. You gotta try it.At Lo-Lo's, I like mine with waffles, syrup and hot sauce... with a side of buttered grits or mac and cheese... And don't forget a big ol' sweet tea in a giant Mason jar.The service was spectacular, too -- what more could you ask for? Just GO! Now.
4	Concrete Floor. That is a good thing in this type of place. The food here is very, very rich. If you are on any sort of diet, dont go! if you are not you are in luck. Nice crispy Fried Chicken and kool-aid. Thats all I got, so I can't vouch for the other items on the menu. The chicken is really good, the fried coating is light and the chicken is meaty. It's easy to skimp on Fried Chicken because you can fry any skinny ass chicken and with the right seasoning, it turns out good. You can tell they use quality chicken. The kool-aid is sweet and cold.  This place is good!
5	This review should be read aloud in the voice of my dad, which means a combination of Foghorn Leghorn and Tommy Lee Jones.Q: do you like fried chicken? If you answered "yes" proceed to Lo-Lo's. If you answered "no",  then what in the hell is wrong with you? Seriously, go get a chicken leg from anywhere else that sells chicken legs. Go on. I'll wait.Now, look at the chicken leg that you just brought over here to me and compare it to...THIS BIG-ASS MONSTROUS LEG FROM A REAL CHICKEN THAT THEY ARE GONNA SERVE YOU AT LO-LO's!Not only is this leg three times bigger than that lil ole scrawny bantam leg you got, but it's ten times as juicy and tastes like the good Lord done blessed whatever chicken it came from with the most delicious chicken genes he could find! Chicken so good you'll wanna take the bones home with you and suck on 'em later just to reminisce about how good that chicken was.
3	Nice gingery dense thin waffles. Standard fried chicken. Didn't live up to the hype.
5	I went there once and really can't wait to go back again. Great food and great service. Very fun just to be there and delicious. I forgot what their special name was for it, but I had the one with a waffle and two chicken legs. I was very satisfied, paid the fair price and left feeling like I could win the day. It's not dirt cheap (the way I like it), but definitely fair. It's the kind of food that energizes rather than exhausts you after eating it. They do a great job!
5	So my new obsession lately has been soul food and I knew I had to check this place out. I have never had chicken and waffles (something about sweet and sour mixing altogether just threw me off) but my girlfriends told me I'd be a simple minded b**** not to try it out. Okay, fine, bring it out.... along with the soul food platter, which consists of one HUGE piece of catfish, one piece of chicken (your choice on which part you want) smothered with gravy and onions, two sides (get the mac & cheese/beans over rice) AND CORNBREAD! After several of my arteries clogged and I couldn't breathe, we paid our bill and swore this would be our new Sunday spot. It will be yours too!
5	Slap yo momma good ! Best fried chicken I've ever had and I'm not a big fried chicken fan but it was awesome !!!! Waffles & chicken ? Yep they ARE a good combo in fact ! Chili cheese fries are some of the best I've had. The chili didn't have all the chunky veggies in it yet it had so much yummie flavor ! I hate veggies so that worked out of me ;) I would definitely go back ! Yum yum
5	chicken!waffles!kool aid!why aren't you eating at lolo's yet?
1	Don't let the rating fool you, the food is great. I have only eaten at the Scottsdale location but my comment is for the Central location.My mom and I went in there this evening after having lunch at the Scottsdale location. We stopped in because the Scottsdale location had run out of banana pudding and i was craving it. I called ahead to make sure the Central location had not run out as well. I told the hostess on the phone that I was heading in to get some "To Go". Upon arrival we walked in and advised the hostess that we wished to place a dessert order to go. She promptly replied that they are NOT DOING ANY TO GO ORDERS!! HUH??? I advised the hostess that my mom and I only wanted banana pudding and a slice of red velvet cake, plus had called just 10 minutes prior. Again she reminded me that they had been advised by management that there would be no to go orders because they "Backed up" the kitchen and delayed orders. Even for dessert that takes 2 minutes???? It would seem to me that if you do not have enough staff to fully run your business then you should probably look into hiring another cook!!! But I must have mistaken the establishment for a restaurant, silly me! After checking with management the hostess returned and reluctantly took my order. I asked my mom if she wanted the Red Velvet cake or the Soc it to me cake. The hostess interrupted to advise me that they didnt have that there. I reminded her that the sign outside stated that it was one of the specials today!! It took longer for the hostess to take my money and give receipt than it took to get my order packaged to go.I love Lo-Lo's. My family and I eat at the Scottsdale location 3 times a month. We get the best service there. I have been to the location on Central twice and twice they have failed to provide any service even close to the service in Scottsdale. I am uncertain if it is the location and blatant disregard for customers or a Management issue. Either way, I will not be returning to the Central location. I live in Central Phoenix and would still rather drive to Scottsdale where my money and patronage are appreciated.
4	Where do I start. Upon arriving, we signed in and were told there was a one hour wait. The reason I did not rate them a 5 is due to the long wait and lack of standing room for those waiting. Otherwise, the experience was excellent. Our server was Monique and she was hospitable and friendly. We asked her for suggestions and she gave us genuine responses. Although it was busy, she did not rush us. The amazing part was that our food took no longer than 10 minutes to arrive. I was blown away. They have a large menu, but are still able to complete orders in such a short amount of time. And the food was hot and tasty. I ordered the smothered chicken and yams and fried okra. The chicken was mouth watering. I could not eat it all. I will definitely be going back. I didn't order waffles this time, but I will when I go back.
2	Boo on the Food! This place is way over hyped. They tried to charge $7 for a little waffle and 2 cold, greasy chicken thighs. Not impressed at all. The only reason it gets 2 stars is because the waiter was nice and the place looked cool. First impressions are everything, so they say, and in this instance I would agree. Since moving here over a year ago I have heard people go on and on about Lolo's chicken and waffles, especially when they find out I moved from the south. "Oh it is the best soul food", "They have the best fried chicken I have had anywhere.." are some of the things people have said. We live in Mesa and there is not a location near us but this morning  we were running errands in Phoenix and drove about 15 minutes out of our way so I could finally try this place that so many people have raved about. The place was decorated nice, it was not too long after they opened and it was not busy, we were seated right away. Took about 10 minutes before we saw a server, our drinks were brought out fairly quick and our order taken. Our food came out pretty quick but what difference does quick service make when the food is cold? The skin on the chicken was not even crisp on the edges, they had obviously been sitting around for a while. I tried a bite anyway, good fried chicken is good hot or cold and this was not good. It had the overwhelming taste of flour and I think the cook forgot to put seasoning on it at all. When the waiter came over to check on us I told him the chicken was cold and I didn't want it, at first he took the plate back and didn't say anything at all, when he brought the check he apologized. I have heard people say how good it is and maybe my experience is isolated but if it really was an uncommon experience then why didn't the waiter seemed surprised when I returned it? Why didn't he offer to get me a fresh plate? Why didn't a manager come over to see what they problem was or to apologize? Maybe they are used to serving sub-standard food, that is the only thing I can think of. This place reminds me of a lot of places that were really good until they got popular, quality of food and service goes down, prices go up and the only reason they stay in business is because they are "cool" or trendy. Bottom line - Don't think I will try this place again, there are so many really good restaurants to try in the Phoenix area and when you are going to spend an average of $10+  per person to sit down & eat somewhere, the food should at least be fresh. Oh yeah, one more thing, a glass jar of kool-aid should never cost $3, unless you get to take the jar with you.
3	I don't want to be a snob, but coming from LA we were expecting some great things out of this place. First the wait was incredibly long, which started us off on the wrong foot. The place isn't incredibly big, but tables fill the middle portion, so we weren't sure why it took so long.Anyways onto the food. We decided to try their traditional fried chicken and waffles and were underwhelmed. The waffles were good (but how can you mess those up), but the chicken was decent. The pitfall was the gravy. I like gravy, but the gravy here was too much. My chicken was doused and drowning in it. I didn't get the fried chicken feel that I wanted. Best part about the place was the kool aid. We both forgot how good kool aid was. It was so good that the little one drank a quarter of the mason jug. Staff was friendly, but food was okay. Hopefully the other location is better.
2	Food is good the waiting staff sucks! They guys were better than the women by far but there is some real room for improvement.
5	I love this restaurant. Can't beat classic chicken and waffles. I must say though that I am a food lover of sorts. I am addicted to the endless combinations in all varieties of food. I can name hundreds of combos! But when it comes to it and (you know what I mean fellow food connoisseurs) and you are in need of some straight up southern cookin'. I'm tellin' you right now. Lo-Lo's Man! Lo-lo's...! that's all i have to say about that.
1	This review is for the central location not the Scottsdale location.  I have been to this establishment several times and have not had a good experience yet, but I kept giving them the benefit of the doubt, but last night was the final straw...  One time I went to the establishment to have some of their Red Velvet Cake, before ordering the cake I asked the rude waitress if they had some cake before I even ordered dinner, she replied yes, and guess what after dinner I ordered some Red Velvet Cake for the table and she informed me that they were out and she was sorry, Really!!!!!!   Last night i dropped by and was going to get some Cake for the house and now I guess that they do not do orders to go, just 1 slice of cake really, they are to busy to box up 1 slice of cake.  If you want to have chicken and waffles just go and take the trip to Scottsdale/Thomas southeast corner, no rude waiters and waitress' and the best of customer service.......
3	the food was only okay.... if you're in the mood for comfort food it would hit the spot. the fried chicken and the cornbread (baked sweet, just the way I like it) are good and if I came back I would order those. however, the waffle was disappointing :-/ it was flimsy and soft, whereas I like my waffles to be crispy on the outside and thicker.the service here was OUTSTANDING. everyone from the hostess to the servers were extremely friendly and attentive and happily made us a custom drink (half sweet tea, half regular tea... bc the sweet tea alone is way too sweet!).
5	Seriously why are you here looking at the reviews and not there eating? Go.. now .. do not turn around and dont look for other places.. just go.
5	I was not disappointed at all! I had the Tre-Tre (2 drumsticks and a waffle) with a side of cheesy grits and cornbread. Everything was delicious! I will be coming back here from now on.
1	Wish I could rate 0 stars
4	Fried chicken, waffles, and mac and cheese for breakfast, oh. hell. yes. Lo Lo's food is more than worth the wait, however I did feel kind of rushed when we were finally seated! I understand they wanna turn tables, but I just waited 45 minutes for a table, gimme a minute to decide what I want to eat! Despite the inevitable wait and the hurried service, I will most certainly be eating here again soon. Oh yes. I will.
4	Went here for the first time.  Wow talk about QUICK and yummy, and hot and delicous, oh yeah I am going back.  Good Value.  Service fantastic.  You gotta go check it out.
2	The food here is really good and I hate having to give it a poor review, but today, my husband and I waited for well over an hour after we gave our order to get our food.  They told us that it was because of a catering order, but as customers with their rear end in seats at tables languished for over an hour -- we weren't alone, other tables full of people left without eating -- they made NO effort to even offer us anything.  I'm diabetic, so I finally asked them to get me something, but I had to ask.  No accomodation was made for the long wait.  I hope that catering business takes off, because they won't have me as a customer ever again.  The wait staff will likely have suffered from the lack of table turnover, and I left a tip for our wait person even though they were less attentive than usual.  On top of everything, my catfish was overcooked and leathery.  Hardly worth that long wait.
3	I visited the Central location late in the afternoon when it was about half-full. The styling of the restaurant was modern and there was a good ambiance. We decided to sit on the patio and were seated promptly. We came hungry, so we started with chili cheese fries which came out promptly and were dressed with a good balance of cheese and chili. I ordered the waffle and fried chicken breast combo with a side a string beans. And I waited at least 30 minutes for it to arrive. The waffle was a bit soft, while I prefer my waffles crispy on the outside. The chicken and green beans, however, were spot on.Lo-Lo's will be a go-to spot for comfort food, but the slow service will make me think twice about going.
5	If you haven't had the food, then your missing out, put it on the to do list immediately
5	The first time my boyfriend and I ever went to Lo-Lo's was in April of last year. And back then, it was just a house with a modestly sized dining area. It was a bit of a hole in a wall, but the food and service was far from disappointing. :) We went again not too long ago, and they upgraded to a larger building. Of course, the food was still amazing. The koolaid and lemonade is a bit too sweet, even for my taste (which is saying something, because I LOVE sweets), but still good. Oh, but the food. OGAD,THE FOOD.So good.SO GOOD.If you haven't tried Lo-Lo's yet THEN YOU DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND HOW GOOD THEY ARE.
5	If all I could eat every time I went to Lo-Lo's was grits and collard greens, they'd STILL get 5 stars. Thank you from the bottom of this Southern boy's heart.
1	ProsNice buildingGood size chicken piecesGreat music playing r & bCleanLarge drink sizesWaffles were pretty goodCons A lot of staff yet one person checks on you Extra charges to meal without serves tellingEggs with cheese and onions were nothing specialGrits- needed lots of salt and butter and I never use salt Credit/debit machine down right when I need to payAsked to give cash then they asked to write my credit card number down?Racist Manager/Owner and he is African AMerican!Are they crazy this is still the hood?!?
1	I was forced to go here, it was my first day of work and they all had this lunch thing prepared, so I had no choice but to go. I honestly do not find anything interesting about this place. First of all the location and place is horrible (sorry, but I don't want to get shot during my lunch hour) the food is nothing that you cannot find somewhere else... even KFC has greasy fried chicken. I respect everyone's opinions and tastes, but this is not for me. Unless you want to weight 300 lbs, this is not a place for people that like to watch what they eat/weight/healthy. Too much fat, grease, and sugar.... one star...
2	I was very excited to finally get to try this Lo Lo's chicken and waffles only to be let down by the lack of seasoning in the chicken, the almost "eggo" low quality of the waffles and the unbelievable amount of sugar in the red koolaid type drink. As I ate it I could almost feel myself getting fatter. When I got back to work I felt the after effects as my body began to crash like I was going into a coma. The three women I ate there with loved it though but they all were very used to this type of food having gone there weekly for some time. The three women I was with were also obese and not health conscious at all. The quantities were big but the taste and quality were not and I doubt I'll be back any time soon.
5	Lolo's is the result of vision, and putting your heart and soul into painting that vision on the canvas of reality. From the moment my wife and I walked in, we were immersed in the soul food vibe. From the kind hostess, to the music playing softly enough to hear, but still enjoy a conversation, to the walls covered in murals of family portraits, all the way to the food... Oh my, the food. Southern fried chicken and waffles, grits, collard greens, and sweet tea in a mason jar. As I ate, all I could think was, "Thank you, Jesus." The ONLY thing that was a little disappointing was the catfish, a little too thin and a little too dry. But the rest of the experience made it a single drop of rain on a sunny day. If you're ever in Phoenix and you love soul food, do not wait as long as I did to experience Lolo's.
4	Not quite as good as Roscoe's in LA, but that would be extremely difficult. Lo-Lo's is still fantastic. Love this place!
4	I went ot Lolo's this weekend with the Breakfast Club (thanks Monica!). It was, of course, a fun time, and the food was pretty good. I, of course, had chicken and waffles (what else?). I got the Betty Boop, which was a breast and a waffle. My waist line is not thrilled, but I was! The chicken was good, it had a good amount of crunchiness, but I wish the breading had more spices in it. A good way to fix that is using their delicious hot sauce. Surprising, the coffee here was very good as well. I will probably not come here often (my thighs can't afford it), but when I'm looking for a breakfast calorie splurge, this is a good place to go. PS our server was very nice and accommodating for our large group.
5	Next time I'm in Phoenix this is my first stop! I ordered the Lo Los with a side of green beans and corn bread. WOW, I love that southern cooking! The sweet tea was amazing and at how many places can you order Kool-Aid on tap!
4	Saturday morning was 4th meet up for the breakfast club uye, and this time Lo Lo's Chicken & Waffles was picked, as before with the other events, I called the venue to give them the heads up that we are headed their way, this time the hostess who picked up the phone didn't ask for a name or time we were coming in, just said ok, so I arrived at Lo Lo's about a  1/2 hour early to let them know that we will be a party of 10 to 15 at 10am, the hostess this time said well did you call and I explained what happened when I did, she said well next time as for me. Oh ok, and then when it came to be seated we were told we were not getting seated until entire party was here and by this time 8 of us were there, so I told her call us a party 8 and let's get breakfast going! I have to say though Lo Los was the place for huge parties sat morning, there were 2 other groups of 15 waiting to be seated as well. We had 2 servers, a nice young lady and Jaqwan, and let me tell you, both servers were great!  Jaqwan was hot on making sure we were taken care of from drinks to food. Love a place with great service! And yes Lo Los was busy but they never looked or made us feel rushed!I orderd the #8 betty boop , chicken breast with a waffle, I don't know what is it, but I can't get enough of that fried chicken! I don't even eat fried chicken but this place always has me craving more! This was my 1st time to the Phoenix location; I have been to the one in Scottsdale a number times, and I have to say I love the feel of this place, the opened ceiling in the main dining area, the nice comfy green sofa seating in the patio area, even the outside seating was nice, and it was a perfect day to be eating out side but I will have to try that another time.So regardless of which location, I love me some Lo Los! You betcha I will be back!Also would like to thank everyone who attends the breakfast club uye, its fun to see everyone and to have a great meal with! Thank you guys!
3	Being from Cali our go to Chicken and Waffles place is Roscoe's. But Lolo's seems to be a hit out here. Fun restaurant with good service and cute decor. Food wise, the waffle at Roscoe's is better. The waffle here was a little more doughy and not as flavorful. Chicken here is better though, crispy on the outside moist inside and flavorful but not salty. The "dranks" here are crazy sweet, I asked for a cup to pour out half my sweet tea and diluted it with half a glass of water lol. Same goes for the lemonade. The grits, mac and cheese and cornbread are yummy. Would love to come back and try some more side dishes!
5	I love chicken and waffles. That is the best idea anybody ever had. I think Lo-Lo's is the best. Even better than that famous place in California. This was my first time at the Phoenix location. I have been to the Scottsdale location a few time. I don't know which one I like better. They are both great. The Phoenix one does have a very nice outdoor seating are. They have a big green outdoor couch that is very comfy. Great to hang out on while you wait for your table.I was there for the 4th meeting of the UYE Breakfast Club. Always a good time with great people. I know they have other things on the menu but how do you get by the chicken and waffles. One day I might have to go twice in one day so I can try something else. I ordered the 2 drumsticks and a waffle. #10. It was awesome of course. Don't forget the jar of Kool Aid. Yum. So good. Great service too. Everyone is always really nice. This is the place where I first tried grits. I have heard people complain about grits in general but these were great. Add a little honey and they are almost perfect. Maybe some cinnamon would put them over the top. This one of those places where the food is so good you can't stop eating even though you are full.The place was very clean and the pictures on the wall are great. This is one of my favorite places and I will be back to this location or the Scottsdale one over and over again.
5	Please everyone, if you are in Phoenix, AZ you must eat the fried chicken here. Holy smokes is the skin crispy and flavorful! Doesn't feel heavy at all...I should have ordered some to go :/
3	OK, I have made it to the shirne, the taj mahal, the paradise of chicken and waffles places in Phoenix.  Or at least that's what all the reviews said I should think of the place.Yeah, I found it OK.Have i had better friend chicken?  Yes, many times.Have I had better waffles?  Yes, many times.But have Iever had chicken and waffles in the same meal?  No, and for that I give them a star.Personally, I found the chicken over cooked and too salty.  Yes, it is very fresh, crispy and piping hot.  I found the waffles just average.  I started to think that maybe no one makes waffles at home anymore, because from my point of view the waffles are just as good at my house.I did have a side of sting beans and red potatoes.  The beans definately looked like they came out of an institutional can, not fresh.  However, I have to say mushy as they were, they were pretty good and a surprise tastiness considering their appearence.The location was easy to find, I even found street parking.The staff was a big plus.  They are ever present and attentive, very freindly and helpful. Worth another full star. The decor is simple and the interior was very clean and bright.So for iced tea, three pieces of chicken, two waffles, beans and potatoes and a slice of red velvet cake to take home, my bill with tip was $30.  For me that was a bit pricey and may not be worth it.  I will give it another shot again later, when I can take someone else to get their opinion.
4	Good stuff.GREAT fried chicken, among other things.Good service For what you get, pretty expensive!I like it & I will go back, but again, for what you get it's over priced.
5	Delicious food, GREAT service (there were 12 of us and the one waitress was charismatic and on top of everything!), and awesome atmosphere. Definitely a hit and one of Phoenix's best spots!! Thanks Lo-Lo!PS- If you're going as a big group, bring cash!
4	I must say that I am impressed with the food here. Since my move from the East Coast I have been searching for rather good soul food. The fried chicken here is moist, crunchy, flavorful, and all that real southern fried chicken is supposed to be. The Mac-n-cheese is a great pairing and the waffles here are delectable. The owner has been there each time that I have been, and he has always asked how things were, taking orders, seating people, etc. I love a hands on family owned business that has really yummy food.  I have not been to the one in Scottsdale, because I am not a Scottsdale fan. I also have not had enough room in my stomach to try the red velvet cake. One day I will get to try the cake.If you can avoid going here after church on Sunday than you may not wait in a very long line, like I always end up getting! But, nonetheless, I am impressed!
4	The UYE Breakfast Club was at it again, and what better place to meet up than Lo-Lo's.The place was crazy busy, we sat out side on their big comfy couch waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, lucky for us it was a perfect morning. The smells form kitchen drove me to mad hunger. Unfortunately I can't eat waffles but I think I ate everything else that morning from chicken, potatoes, grits and even shared a piece of their oh so heavenly but sinfully good Red Velvet cake! Jaqwan handled our table with ease and everything was fabulous as always! It's making me hungry just thinking about it. I'll definitly be back soon...
5	Love love love this place. Whenever I fly in from the northeastern part of the country, this is my first stop. If you eat like a bird and can never jump off the "good calorie" band wagon, don't bother to write a review about how "unhealthy or fattening" the food is. We don't have soul food places like this up north and thank god they don't. The chicken is awesome as are all the sides I have had, especially the collards. I have only eaten at the Phoenix one and probably always will. The staff is friendly and pretty prompt. I don't drink koolaid or sweet tea, but that is my choice, not a judgement call. I have yet to save room for dessert but with the fried chicken so delicious, I would rather just eat that and the collards til I bust. Looking forward to my next visit.
5	Love the atmosphere, the art pieces on the walls, music is entertaining. I love coming back and it reminds me a little of Roscoe's in Los Angeles. Their chicken is nicely flavored, love their wings, I can eat 10 of those and still ask for more. Their portions are perfect for the price and service is great...no complaints. I've been there four times and never had a bad experience with them.
4	I love Lo-Lo's and it hurts me to say this, but... The food at the downtown location is sub par to that of the Scottsdale location. I will say that both of my visits to the downtown location were earlier (around 10) in the day so maybe the oil and waffle irons are too fresh . Yesterday though my waffle was barely golden and was mushy. I could have cried. However, the food was still fine and nothing to complain about in regular terms, but the Scottsdale location has set my fried chicken and waffle standards very high. I do love the decor with the mason jar and basket lighting. I will continue to eat at Lo-Lo's but I will have a much further drive because I will only go to the eastside location.
4	I love to come here! I come here at least twice a month. The food is great along with the staff. My usual is the "Baby Ray." 3 pieces of juicy fried chicken smothered in gravy and onions with 2 waffles. Everything tastes homemade and on point! This is one of my favorite spots for lunch!
4	Today's lunch adventure: Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles at the Phoenix location. I had to let my food settle before I began writing. I am still in a food coma. I can compare this food coma to being Ryan Lochte for maybe 30 mins, because I feel slow and DUMB- Jeah!  When driving to this place, you better look for it or you will miss it, but it is kind of hard to miss with people surrounding the door waiting to get in. We found a parking spot, walked in, gave our name and waited a total of 10 mins. We actually stood outside of the door for a minute or two before we went inside to see if your name was called.  I have been wanting to come to this restaurant for along time now so I am glad I went with my friend Tamirra. She told me to pace myself because if not I will get sick.  I seriously thought by the end of this lunch date I would be sweating grease and my pores would ooze of grease. I order the #9 lil amadi. I order it with 2 thighs and one waffle. It came out in 10 mins and all I can say is Oh my WORD! It was amazeballs.  The chicken skin was crispy and juicy and the waffle could have been in the waffle iron for a tad longer but it wasn't mushy by any means. For the drink, I just ordered a water. There were two girls sitting next to me asking what the kool aid menu was, have you ever imagined asking a server what the koolaid menu was for the day? The server gave the colors and the respective flavors. She named them off: red, blue and purple and then went into the actual flavors tropical punch, blue raspberry and grape.  Classy! :) Overall the meal was really good, the service was good as well. The server came probably a handful of times, to give us our drinks, take our order, give us boxes and the check.The only complaint that I have, which isn't even my problem but apparently they do not allow outside drinks inside of the restaurant. There was a gentleman drinking a starbucks coffee and a server actually stood there and waited for him to take a "last sip" before he had to hand it over.  It wasn't as though he wasn't going to order a purple drank!
5	The neighborhood?  Shady.  The building?  Super old.  The food? Unhealthy.  But you know what, its worth every penny.  Outstanding comfort food spot.  I've gotten the Lo-Lo's with a jar of blue drank everytime.  Its a caloric nightmare, but its absolutely awesome.  Sweet waffles and syrup mixed with great fried chicken truly is where its at.  This place draws people from all walks of life.  If you want to try a downtown institution for breakfast and (like me) aren't counting calories, you can't go wrong here
5	I love this place! They have the best fried chicken which taste like it was seasoned from the inside out. Also all of the wait staff are really really friendly and you never have to ask for a refill. I would recommend that you ask for pecan's in your waffles. A server suggested it to me once and now I have to get my waffles like that every time. And don't worry about which location you go to. They have the same level of service and same quality of food at both locations.
4	Unpopular opinion time, I don't like the chicken, I think it's dry, and I never get it when I go. That aside, the waffles are perfect. They're more savory so it goes with the food. If you've never have had grits the first place you should have them is here. Collared greens, fried okra, and the mac and cheese are soo delicious. Cool-Aid? Yes, yes, and yes. It comes in this big ice cold pitcher!! The Red Velvet cake is a true Southern delight, and being from Texas, I think it's perfect. Also the Chrizo is ace!!! The services is so-so, mostly because they're are a lot of teens working. Usually busy so go on an off time, or place an order to pick it up (food travels well).
3	We actually went to the one on Scottsdale and Indian School. YUM OLA. What fun, delicious food!Waffles were yummy and paired with juicy, chicken, cooked just right. Great pricing at $7. Casual, lively atmosphere. Can't go wrong for a quick, easy bite. Super FRIENDLY service. Will be going back!
3	I don't get all the hype surrounding chicken and waffles.  This is my second time trying it and I liked the waffle, and I liked the fried chicken, I just didn't think the combination was as orgasmic as other people seem to.  On another note, the corn bread is delicious!
5	Today was our first time to Lo Lo's and it won't be the last time! We went to the Scottsdale location and the customer service was excellent. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and had a table within 20 minutes. Our server was just as friendly. The menu offers many choices so everyone should find options to their liking. Remember this is not diet food so if you expect that and then provide a poor review...shame on you. This is good old fashioned comfort food and did not disappoint. The fried chicken was some of the best we have ever had and the sides were plentiful and very tasty. The gravy with onions was pretty amazing too. My wife really enjoyed the homemade lemonade and I indulged in the grape Kool Aid which was like being a kid again. We ended up bringing home plenty of leftovers and had to bring home a slice of the Red Velvet cake. The cake was very moist and not too sweet which was a pleasant surprise and nice finish to our evening.
4	First time was amazing. It was in the old place and it was small and full of character. The food was awesome. I think they put crack in the waffles. I couldn't wait to go back. I've since been back about 12 times in the past year. It's hit and miss some days. Some days the sweet tea is fantastic, some days it's way too sugary....and I have an entire row of teeth dedicated to my sweet tooth....I've been to both the Scottsdale and Phoenix location but I guess I'm getting over it now. The food is good but maybe not worth the price.
5	so good, food is great!!
5	This was the second place I requested to go on our trip to Arizona. My boyfriend isn't as into Soul Food as I am, but he ended up loving it as much as I did! We arrived around 11:45 on Saturday morning and there was a short wait to be seated.Once seated everything happened very fast. Everybody who works here is very friendly and we were constantly checked on. We both ordered a "jar of drank," Sweet Tea. It was really good. I could taste lots of honey in it. Yum! They also offer to go cups so I was able to take it with me when we left.My boyfriend ordered Nay Nay's breakfast, two waffles, two eggs, and a bowl of grits. His waffles were delicious, loaded with cinnamon. Loved those. I usually don't like grits, but they were good here. There was so much butter on them, I don't know how somebody couldn't like them!I went with the Lolo's Famous Soul Food Platter, and I chose three pieces of fried chicken, mac & cheese, and smothered potatoes. This platter is also served with a piece of cornbread. I knew it would be way too much food, but I wanted to try it all. Everything was perfect! The chicken was super juicy, the skin was crispy and salty and exactly what I was hoping it would be. The mac & cheese was flavorful and very cheesy. The smothered potatoes were great, chunks of potatoes swimming in a very peppery gravy with some peppers and onions. And the cornbread was great too, very sweet.The restaurant is bright and airy and they played awesome music the entire time we were here. The bathroom was very clean. The outdoor patio area was really cute. If I lived in Phoenix I would be here all the time! We were both really glad we stopped by here for lunch, we left full and happy. I am sure we will come here again whenever we visit Arizona.
5	"Best chicken! Great staff! Good ole southern fried! Juicy, crispy, just plain YUM!!"
5	I went to see friend Carlos Rivas' art that was recently installed.  This is not my usual fare, but for that meal once in awhile that is just about enjoying comfort food without a thought of nutritional value, I'd definitely come back.I enjoyed the chicken breast, it was fried to perfection and not too greasy.  The waffle was the perfect complement.  I tasted my friend's tea, which was diluted in half and it was still way too sweet.  I am just not used to that much sugar.Everything else was just as I expected, and it satisfied the half of my DNA that prides itself on its Southern roots.  If you're overly concerned about health and don't have it in you to once in awhile just go eat something for the taste, please don't go here.   Your whining will distract me from enjoying my meal. If you "get" that once in awhile a meal like this is perfectly fine, come on over to my table.  We'll share a few sides and enjoy some Southern comfort together!
4	Service has slipped since they moved into their beautiful new building. Today was our third visit since the new place opened. We were seated quickly, but waited nearly 15 minutes before someone stopped by for a drink order, and nobody stopped in to check on us or refill our drinks once food was delivered.As usual, the food was excellent and the staff was friendly. But despite what seemed to be dozens of employees roaming the floor, we felt like we were invisible. Lo-Lo's has been a regular in our weekend breakfast rotation for a few years now. Perhaps it's time to look around a bit.
5	This place never disappoints! The chicken is hot and delicious and the waffles are on point. I really liked how the drinks are served in BIG mason jars and their Arnold Palmer is great. The servers are really nice and helpful and the place is always busy but not overly crowded.
4	Very soulful place to go to.
4	I have a confession: I thought the concept of chicken and waffles was kinda ridiculous -- I mean, that's a lot of unhealthy beige and brown grub on one plate. My second confession is that last Saturday was the first time I indulged in CW and it was on vacation, at Lolo's. Holy banana pants!!! I have been missing out!The chicken was fresh, hot, crispy, tender - the batter is epic. And the waffle was thin, crunch crunch, almost with a hint of cinnamon, bathed in butter and syrup -- oh-hohoho! LOVE. The missing star is due to the macaroni and cheese, disastrous velvety glop. Meh.
5	Chicken and waffles was a mainstay of living in Carolina. People used to laugh about the combo, but now it is quite hip, and found in upscale LA, SF, LV, even NY versions. They are good but they are mostly overpriced knock-offs. LoLos is a knock-off on Mrs Whites', but I suspect she(mom) approves. This is real deal, and worth every penny
4	They've got a live DJ!!Just had to get that out there. I've had the misfortune of a bad experience out in their Scottsdale location, but when I had a girlfriend in town who had just been craving fried chicken, well. There's really not any other place in Phoenix to go to. Except Mrs. White's. And they weren't open late enough.I didn't know what to expect. I knew that the food would probably be good. That it was in a ghetto part of town. Not to be on a diet before I got here. The basics. I was really quite impressed. They had clearly renovated recently. It's bright and stylish and modern. Very busy, and quite loud, thanks to the crowd of people and aforementioned DJ. The food is straight up soul food fare- chicken and waffles, beans and rice, mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. You can get kool aid or lemonade or sweet tea in giant mason jars. The food came out quickly, but was piping hot and fresh. (Unlike our experience with the other location.) My chicken had beautifully crispy skin. My grits were okay. A bit thick and gooshy, but really the star of the show here is the chicken, so frankly I didn't care too much that the sides were a little more mediocre. We were so stuffed to the gills at the end we had no room for red velvet cake or any of the tempting sweets. Till next time, Lo-lo's. Till next time.
4	The best fried chicken and waffles ever!  I think subconsciously you feel less guilty if you order the fried chicken breast but it was awesome.  We all split sides of mac n cheese and collard greens.  Friendly, attentive staff.  Can't wait to go again!
4	The food is great and the ambiance is great. The hostes or maybe the owener and I had a very nice conversation as if we've know each other for years about her mother and my friend and traveling.  I will be back.
4	Okay, so I like fried chicken but I'm not the biggest fan, especially the sloppy greasy kind of fried chicken. I haven't been to KFC, Popeyes or Church's Chicken in years and my friend had been suggesting this place since I moved to Phoenix over 4 years ago. Let me just say, I can't believe it took me 4 years to come here, no seriously, I have to slap myself silly for that because LoLo's has renewed my faith in fried chicken. Seriously, I think that was the best fried chicken I've had in my life. The chicken was fried to a perfection, nice golden crisp with minimal grease, that's right, MINIMAL grease! I didn't think that was physically possible for fried chicken but LoLo's debunked that myth! I have the #7, which was 3 chicken wings and a waffle. I've already swooned over the fried chicken, now the waffle was ok, nothing too special, same stuff you get at a waffle house. I still can't get over the friend chicken though.....Anyways, I really liked the atmosphere here, on the south end of downtown, this place gets crazy packed for lunch. A lot of regulars come here and it's obvious from the waiters and waitresses hootin and hollering at the customers when they come in by their first names, kind of cool! Anyways, I will be back for more fried chicken for sure and am curious to try their cat fish!
5	Every Lo Lo's is great food and atmosphere. This is a very nice one.
4	I like Lo-Lo's!  The food is always good, love the atmosphere. I guess its cool that they're branching out around the Valley so that more people get to experience the yumminess. I will say, if you call yourself a REAL fan of Lo-Lo's, you must have at least 1 meal at the original location.  Keep Chick-in on, Lo-Lo's!
4	Went to visit a friend in Phoenix and she took me to this place. I adore chicken and waffles and I can't help but get it every chance I get! I had the tray-tray? which included 2 fried drumsticks and a waffle. I added a side of mac and cheese & eggs scrambled with cheese (I LOVE CHEESE). I made sure to put the Lo-Lo sauce on my chicken (it's their version of hot sauce). Everything was so delicious!! Topped off my meal with a glass of Kool-Aid! I asked the waitress what flavors they had and she replied "red, blue and grape!," I had to ask if those were the colors or the flavor, then she gave me the flavors...can you say RACHET?! Anyway, everyone there was pleasant and I enjoyed my meal. Will definitely be back whenever I am in the Phoenix area =)
3	i really wanted to love this place but i gotta say it wasnt as great as some people pump it up to be .....dont get me wrong the food was good but not mind blowing
4	So I missed the Yelp UYE but 2 months later Smunch visited and I made it.  This time, as opposed to the UYE at the Scottsdale location, I did indeed have a chicken and waffle along with cheesy grits.  Good stuff!  This is one of those legendary downtown restaurants worth making the drive and maybe a bit of a wait for.
5	So I came to Phoenix 3 years ago for a business trip and had the chance to experience Lo-Lo's. I was so glad that my job was sending me back to Phoenix this month so I could once again experience this place! Imagine my surprise when I arrived in a taxi cab and the place was totally renovated! I mean it's larger, more modern looking and even has a patio. I was worried that the food might not be the same, but it was even better than I remembered. The menu is so extensive and everything looked and sounded good. I decided on 3 pieces of chicken, grits, scrambled eggs with cheese and onions and of course 2 waffles...oh and I had to add a salmon croquette. My coworkers got some of the same things along with fried catfish, mac and cheese and potato salad. We all enjoyed our food tremendously, but you know what else we loved?? The DRANKS! We started out with the Lemonade/Ice Tea mix, then moved on to the Blue Kool Aid and Lemonade mix. My coworker then got a Red, Grape Koolaid and Lemonade mix! Gosh how I love this place. Our server Carlos was awesome, so personable and stayed on top of everything we needed. The one last thing that made this place so awesome and made the dining experience one of the best was the music. Whatever Pandora station they have on rotation or whoever made their playlist is ON POINT! I was grooving the whole time I was eating, two my most favorite things in life, good food and good music.  Oh and how could I forget! I was too full, but best believe I took a piece of lemon cake home! Yessssssssssss Honey!!! Ate a little piece of it today, days later I might add and this is after I traveled back to the East Coast with it in my carry on (it's been in the fridge in between travelling time) and it definitely meets my expectations. Oh how I'll miss you Lo-Lo's I wish there was one in DC, until I see you again Phoenix!Whether it had still been in that little shack of a restaurant or not, I will always come back to Lo-Lo's , but I'm so proud and happy for you in your new digs!!!
2	Good for groups was a big NO for us. We went after a graduation and they told us different wait times than what we experienced and fumbled around with the tables and then their excuse was that they had ANOTHER group of 13 who came after us and they needed to seat them as well...The food was good but not amazing as I expected it to be from all the hype.
5	First time at the remodeled location, wow such a nice place almost drove by it. Actual parking lot instead of parking in the street. Chicken and Waffles are awesome and the Kool Aid in the retro flashback. If you have room for dessert their mile high cake is so good.
1	I will NEVER go AGAIN. I went with a LARGE crew intown for bike week. I first brought them to this place a few yrs ago, before they rebuilt the new place downtown. The owner was nice and humble. Appreciated all 30 PLUS people that came in. Each yr they now come into town they ALL stop in and eat. This yr, they rebuilt and EVERY single staff member acted too good or busy.. including the owner. I ordered a SALAD . HOW HARD IS A SALAD WITH CHICKEN. NEVER CAME the owner was very rude and did not care. I will never go again. One thing people shouldn't do is forget who you are, WHERE you came from and WHO got you there. Black people ( sorry not about race..BUT) Black people have been supporting LoLos and religiously going from jump. All the sudden you get alil change in pocket...and change ?  You are never too far up... to fall down !#FAIL. p.s. This review is late, and only now thought to do it, as I wanted some lolos today...and recalled the rudeness and said..no go.
5	Solid food.  Love coming to this place
5	Lo Lo's is best at anytime of day!! It was so good I took my entire family there for my post-graduation dinner!! When ever one of my out of town friends come in town I always take them here! Food, service and building are all amazing!!!
4	I'm teetering between a 4 and a 5 on this one. I went for the first time yesterday and I was IMPRESSED. The restaurant was cleanly but still had an awesome downhome feeling. The hosts/hostesses and all of the wait staff was accommodating and always made sure to check back in or explain menu items. The menu is full of delicious Southern entrees that make it difficult to choose. I plan to make this a regular spot (but not too often don't want to pack on those extra pounds!) LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
4	Food here is almost always perfect.. The fried chicken is really good and the stupid fries are really good! The stupid fries are definitely something to share along with your own chicken and waffles.. Unless your a really big eater. Service is usually good but sometimes not so good. Overall I love this place.
5	Had the stupid fries and they were stupid good. Lemonade was also on point.
4	Great food and great service.  Will tell others to try them.
4	I came here with my husband, mom, and aunt on a whim.  My aunt really wanted chicken and waffles, and she said this was the place to go.  I'm glad we listened to her.  The food was tasty and prompt - they all ordered chicken and waffles, but I went with catfish.  I know, I know, totally wrong and weird to order here, but it was really good.  Not my all-time favorite catfish, but good!Service was great, food was good, and my mom loved that they serve sweetened tea (she's from Nebraska, where this is a foreign concept).  Keep up the good work :)!
4	Love the cheese grits!  OMG they're to die for.Of course the chicken n waffles are fabulous.My 24 year old daughter loved the Kool-Aid on tap.The service is ok, could be better. but the food is worth the trip.
3	I have heard talk and praise for Lo Lo's from many sources for the last two or three years, and have been wanting to have an opportunity to try it out nearly all of that time.  Unfortunately, they are not located close to where I live, work, or most often go when I don't have other business to attend to.  I recently had a performance to attend that took me not far from Lo Lo's, and by leaving work a little early figured I could finally try it out before the show.Most online pictures of the outside are completely obsolete because they have undergone major renovations, and their old building has been destroyed to make room for parking lot.  The service was fine.  I must have got there at a good time, because I was immediately seated.  The staff was attentive, and the food came out quickly.Finally getting a long awaited chance to experience the legend, I decided to get the signature items they are famous for: chicken and waffles.  I got the two thighs and one waffle combination.  One of the smaller options on their menu, but plenty big to do detectable damage to my waistline.  They have quite a large number of other items and combinations on their menu, so this review can't speak to those.  Only the ones on the sign outside.  I didn't even try their $3 glass of kool-aid (they actually let you know you're paying $3 for kool-aid, which is incredibly cheap to make).  No, I only had water to soften the expected blow of stepping on the scale the next day.The chicken was good.  That's all I can really say about it.  Just good.  However, given all the praise heaped on this place, "good" left me very disappointed.  I was expecting excellent, outstanding, amazing, unique, clever, inspired, daring, exotic, etc.  No, this was basic fried chicken.  It tasted like fried chicken you might get at a supermarket deli counter, or at an all-you-can-eat buffet trough.  Grab a piece of raw chicken, dip it in egg wash, dip it in flour, and throw it in the fryer.  I couldn't even dectect any spices in the batter.  The least they could do is try to beat KFC, and not just match Hometown Buffet and call it good.The waffle on the other hand really was excellent.  It had a suggestion of cinnamon that was noticeable without being dominating.  The generous whipped butter they put on it had its own kind of magic.  The syrup brought it all together just right, and was amazingly served in what turned out to be the perfect quantity.  I very much enjoyed every bite of my waffle.  It's hard to say if they are using mediocre chicken to get you to better appreciate your waffle, or if they are using excellent waffles to push their mediocre chicken.I had to find a special occasion that brought me to the area, and leave work a little early to have a chance to try Lo Lo's.  I won't put in that effort again.  I might go back, especially if it's with a group, but I will probably stick with the waffle and try other menu items besides the chicken.
5	WHERE DO I BEGINfor starters lets just say this place is B.O.M.Bthe red kool aid ROCKS!!!the chicken is oh so amazing but the best is the waffles and the honey bbq wings/ chinas chicken . I fell in love all over againsadly to say but the best relationships i have had are with my food but oh so totally worth it!!!
2	Based on the positive Yelp reviews we decided to give this place a try and were really disappointed.First, I let my wife out on the curb to inquire how long the wait was, we were told 20 minutes so I found a place to park across the street and decided to wait the 20 minutes since we had came all the way from Goodyear. Stood waiting for 45 minutes and noticed people that came after us being seated so went up and looked at the waiting list and they had skipped us and been seating people after us with parties of 3 and 4 at tables with four chairs and left us waiting for one of the couple tables of only 2 chairs since there was only two of us. I got upset at the gal running the waiting list and she said "you're next" then proceeded to sit 4 more parties before us before we were finally seated at a table with 4 chairs since a table for 2 never opened up.That was strike one.Next, with the name "Chicken and Waffles" I expected to have some good waffles and figured they would be BIG. I ordered 3 chicken wings and 1 waffle for $10.50 and was very disappointed when this little thin waffle came out with 3 little tiny chicken wings. I get bigger wings when be buy fried chicken at the deli counter of Fry's grocery stores. I thought about ordering another waffle but seen they wanted $4 for just a tiny waffle and said screw that. I walked away still hungry.The chicken had good flavor but the waffle was tiny and soggy and a frozen waffle out of box would have been just as impressive as this waffle.We were at the place for nearly 2.5 hours and the bill for two of us was right at $30 for lunch and both of us were still hungry when we left. Not worth the price or the wasted time to eat here. Our waitress gave us our drinks and took our order and we never seen her again until she brought me the check as a runner brought the food from the kitchen.
5	Had the lolo special and it was very delicious!  Fast service too.   Oh the red koolaid was on hit too!
5	Two locations that makes this doubly good.  Word of advice though, Sundays and Fridays are busy, so be prepared for a little wait.  Wife and I go after work around 4-430 when feasible, before the rush, and we are able to get in, seated, and out.  The chicken is superb, the waffles are golden brown, the catfish is stuperbly bursting with flavors, if you never thought of chicken and waffles, try LoLo's they will change your mind.
5	I love this place, the food is the bomb and the kool-aid off da hook...
2	This was my fourth time and last going here. I liked their food but their customer service was HORRIBLE! Everyone, the greeter, the cashier and even the owner were rude. I dk if it was b/c I had carry out or what it was but that was the last time they'll see me. I started this review on 3/9/2012. Sorry for the delay.
5	When we arrived there was a wait, but it was well worth it. The portions were huge and the flavors delicious. The waffles were my favorite part... I would definitely return next time I am in Phoenix!
5	Ever since the remodel, there is hardly a wait except Sundays. Delicious juicy chicken, cheesy mac, and tea so sweet it'll give you diabetes! Yumm
2	I have to admit that I have a love-hate relationship with Lo-Lo's.  The chicken is incredible, the waffles are okay, but the service always drives me nuts!  I'm okay with the sticky menus, the soggy mac and cheese can be overlooked as well, but don't disrespect me or make us wait 30 minutes for a plate of chicken.  If you're not in a hurry, you will probably love this place, but be prepared for some southern style mosy-like service.  Here are some tips worth the read:  the chicken is great, but if you really want to taste some soul food, you've got to get the dark meat and collard greens with waffles.  When you order your drink, you've got to try the Kool-aid.  Yes, I'm serious!Lo-Lo's you've got me all worked up again.  If you could just have some friendly, fast service, I'd be regular and you'd be a bit richer.
5	Soooo excited that the fearless leader of the breakfast decided on this place for a UYE. Ive been hearing about it for a while, and it lives up to all the hype.Its smaller, and very homey. The smells when you 1st walk in here are wonderful. It was super busy when we came here, and I wouldnt surprised if thats how it is always. We waited on their nice little patio for our entire group to arrive in order to be seated.Finally our stragglers arrived and we were able to check out the menu. Very simple, home style food. Lots of different options to chose from. I decided on the classic chicken and waffles, my husband decided on just the waffle and a side of mac and cheese. His waffle was huge (thats what she said), and he really enjoyed his mac and cheese. I was very happy w/ my juicy chicken and waffle. It really was so so good. And the Koolaid! Awesome. It wouldve been better if it was served in Ball jars instead of Kerr jars, but Im biased. :)Go here. Brave the wait and be deliciously rewarded.
5	Ahhhh....Lo-Lo's....the best of the best when it comes to Phoenix's (early) late night delights. The soul food here is to die for--definitely THE BEST in the valley. If you've never been to Lo-Lo's you're missing out. Period.Overall, the wait is worth the fried gold at the end of the rainbow.
3	This review would easily be five stars if it was based on food alone.The combination of waffles and fried chicken is amazing. It is truly fried southern goodness. We also ordered some cornbread to hold us over until the food got there and it was perfectly made.We were there during the Sunday morning brunch rush, but the wait actually wasn't that bad.Unfortunately, the service, which wasn't great when it was the small house got much worse with the upgraded structure. The new building is great and the music really compliments the ambiance as well. Our drink order came out wrong (ice tea instead of hot tea) and when we told the server, she never fixed it. She took an additional 10 minutes to get our order after that. Once we got our meal, she never returned to ensure it was correct either. We asked for our check and ten minutes later she asked us if we wanted dessert and we had to ask for our check again. Eventually we got it from another server. It's a shame that the service doesn't reflect the quality of the food.
2	Still good food, but boy did they reduce the portions BUT NOT THEIR PRICES.  So, small piece of Chicken Chicken, but same BIG BIG price.  I guess you are paying for their new building.  Slow food service and wait staff only filled drinks twice.  Probably won't go back, I can make the same chicken at my house for 1/3 the price.  I was just so disappointed this time by the very small portion, the minimal service  and wait for the food, that I won't be back.  When I went the times that it was in the small building, portions were consistent with price, but now...was like a small chicken tender for $15 and food was served quickly, over 35 minute wait is a bit outrageous.  Overall experience in new building has gone downhill.  I am sad, I LOVED this place.
5	It doesn't get any better than this. Sunday morning wait time for a party of 8 was only about 25 minutes. The scent of those heavenly waffles and crispy fried chicken was wafting through the parking lot and waiting area, driving us nuts! We tried just about everything again this morning sharing deliciously crispy fried chicken that was moist and tender; flavorful waffles with lots of butter and maple syrup; coarse ground grits that are just this side of perfection; sweet candied yams with enough brown sugar to melt your bitter away; green beans with just a touch of spice and some red potatoes; and that velvety banana pudding. Oh my land! Service from Chris and his crew was some of the best we've ever had. Keep it up Lolo's and we'll keep coming back again and again and again.
4	Food is great and the new building is quite roomy and nice (even if I miss the nostalgia of the old location). But I can't give it 5 starts because of the rule of not allowing multiple credit cards for payment. This policy - especially with large parties - was pretty inconvenient. There were people in my party who were annoyed enough not to come back. :-(
5	AMAZING!  First time I've had shrimp and grits and I now love it!  Had a nice kick to it with some nice large shrimp.  Also you have to try the fried green tomatoes.  The homemade lemonade is delicious too.  Definitely check this place out.
3	LoLos was highly recommended by my coworkers so I decided to take a date there. It was ok, nothing special. I'd say the hype was overblown, to be honest. I mean, the palce is exactly what it says -- chicken and waffles. I can heat up some Tyson chicken strips, toast 4 Strawberry Eggos and save myself the gas. The sweet tea was good (served in a mason jar if I recall correctly), but I can't give the place more than 3 stars since chicken and waffles seems hardly innovative.
1	The food is amazing. The servers are great. The hostesses are not informed on what's going on. But the reason I'm giving them a 1 star review is because the manager, Mils, (I believe that was his name and as he informed me, he's the ONLY manager they have) is quite possibly the rudest, most condescending person ever. Dude, you're in the industry of CUSTOMER service. Learn how to properly interact with people. I will NEVER go back based on him, solely him. I tell everyone I know not go there because of him. I have never been treated so poorly after making a reservation for 20 3 weeks in advance and being told upon arrival that they had no table ready because no one had made a reservation when their hostess had called literally an hour and a half before to confirm that we were still coming. He was so incredibly rude about it, talked down to me telling me I didn't know what I was talking about, I was wrong and I must have made up the reservation until I played him the message from the hostess at which point, he just walked away. The owner stepped in and asked tables to move so they could get our group in.. We still waited for over 45 minutes. UGH, I work in the restaurant industry, I can NOT imagine treating people this way and expecting them to return. SO BAD. I would highly suggest improving your customer service skills, Mils. You're awful.
5	This location is great!  We sat out on the patio since the wait for inside was almost an hour.  YIKES.  It was a good choice though... a little hot but the misters kept us cool.  Love the drinks.  The Koolaid is great!!!  This time... I opted for an unsweetened tea with a splash of lemonade... delicious.The service here is divine.  Seriously.  Everything you could want out of a waitstaff... attentive, friendly & always smiling.  It seems like a great place to work and that really shows.I had the Betty Boop... consisting of a waffle & a chicken breast.  I'll just eat half, I told myself... and skip the syrup.  NOPE.  I drenched my waffle & chicken with syrup, inhaled the waffle & practically licked my plate clean.  No regrets.  Everyone gets a cheat day, right?I'll be back, Lo-Lo's.  :)
5	A funky old house, I believe, converted to restaurant.  The waffles are amazing (and we eat real waffles at home all the time), the chicken was just as you would expect...wonderful.  A real treat!
5	This place is amazing! My dad brother and I went  there for dinner last night and  we had to wait 45 minutes but it was totally worth it! my brother said  we should only order 2 number 3s (thats what we all wanted) and it will be less money. so we ordered 2 #3 a cornbread for each of us it is amazing cornbread and a dollar for a piece and a side of cheese grits  we have 2 full waffles an 4 pieces of chicken leftover! and they have koolaid you never really find koolaid in restaurants amazing food and really friendly service and employees were always smiling !
3	Since my original review the location has been renovated to accommodate more people and has been modernized. Although to me it has lost the charm that the smaller locale had, the food is the same great tasting chicken and waffles, grits, catfish, etc. and wait staff is nice and attentive.
4	Since they moved to their new building the food is SO much better! The service at the PHX location is phenomenal too. I am from the South and this is the best comfort/soul food I have had in the 2 years I have been in Arizona.
4	I love this place. It's just always busy. We get here in the mornings on Saturday at open to avoid the lines.Chicken and Waffles, grits, greens, fried eggs with cheese and onions, Sweet tea and corn bread.  All Good.  Service is usually good, hit ot miss here but the food in great all the time.There is a location in Scottsdale too.
5	I could get drunk on the grape koolaid any day! And don't get me started on the cheese grits, or the reason for our trip...the chicken & waffles! I love this place. What a great atmosphere.
2	KOOLAID KID reminded me of home...nice touch..i know I know..this is suppose to be about the chicken & waffles, but I must say quenching my thirst is very important to me..so back to the food..it was just that chicken(no flavor) & waffles(nothing special)..mac & cheese was very nice...and the new building was very very nice..okay that's all
5	I was really apprehensive to try LoLo's again after the big overhaul... afraid that it would lose the quality and charm that made it something special... Boy was I wrong!!!The food is amazing.  Fried chicken perfectly seasoned, juicy and crispy! Mac & chee, waffles, green beans all cooked to southern perfection! A giant mason jar of blue kool-aid is the ultimate accompaniment  in my opinion, but they now have a wide range of alcoholic bevvies to wet your whistle if you prefer.Chef Nicky stopped by our table twice to personally ask us about how we enjoyed our food - nice touch!  (And this is just one example of the spectacular service that we experienced the entire time we were at LoLo's!)This place is rockin! I can't wait to show it off to out of town guests and local friends alike!
1	Excited to get some great chicken and waffles that I hear the reviews speak of. I see several post about bad service but think, oh well I'll see for myself. Walk in, not too busy, greeted with a smile. Seated right away,  looked over menu carefully as a first timer. Made a decision about my drink finally, still no one came. Made a decision about the meal, still no one. Checked out the place, did a little people watching, still no one. Couple came in and  seated several rows from me, waiter brought food to a table close, checked on another table, proceeded to greet and take drink orders for that couple. Immediately upset, got up to walk out as he appeared to make it over to my table finally, unacceptable. No apology, nothing, just stood back and watched me walk away. Dear Sir, travel nurse here that all meals are paid for tax free. I usually order a drink, meal, extra sides, possible second meal for lunch the next day and if I have room a dessert. Why? because I can that's why, afterwards with good service I tip REALLY well. So with that being said, I just took that good old government money to another place of business, THANKS!!!!!!
4	Ok, so the idea of eating chicken and waffles never has appealed to me.  It just seemed wrong, like i was violating a law of some kind.  But my friend invited me to go to Lo-Lo's for lunch and I gave in.  Boy, was I wrong about how it would taste!  There is something about the flavors that just work great together.  If you have never tried it, I recommend it.  We went to the Phoenix location, and it was very busy at lunch time, so get there early or you will probably have a wait.  The service was friendly, with lots of smiles, which made me feel at home.  I had chicken and waffles, corn bread, and mac-n-cheese.  The chicken can come with gravy, which makes it messy to eat, but mmmmmmm...get the gravy.  The corn bread is very good too.  My only complaint is that the waffle was on the thin side, but was still a great flavor to add to the fried chicken.  They have a large menu of classic soul food items, so there is a lot to choose from.  I went there about three weeks ago, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about chicken and waffles since, so i know I will be going back soon, and will buy one of their t-shirts too.
4	"Mason jars make me excited"This was one of those places you get excited about because it's soul food in the south.. well not sure if you would call Phoenix the south, but you get the point. This place is a solid 3.5 for the food experience, but when I think about round up or round down, the other touches allow me to comfortably nudge this place to a 4.+Service was amazing. I appreciate other waiters asking do you need anything. Sometimes your server can get caught up and you are left waiting. Equally important, the server had an opinion. The worst thing is when you ask someone about an item and they shrug their shoulders.+Food came out pretty quickly and nice and warm. I order the mix - fried chicken and a piece of catfish with greens, red potatoes and green beans, and a side of macaroni and cheese. I thought the fish was tasty, the chicken was better than okay but not great.. and the greens/green beans were just okay. I ordered the red velvet as well and well.. how can you NOT have cream cheese frosting. After letting it sit a day I liked it more.. but something was missing. +Mason Jars: Yes, folks, this deserved it's own line. A place totally rocks when they serve your drink in a mason jar! I loved it. If I wanted a sugar rush, I could have ordered the kool-aid. That's awesomeness.Even with the slightly above average food experience, I would totally go back and continue to explore the menu. I will say I was a fan of their hot sauce. It has the right amount of kick to it.
5	Never a bad experience.  Always leave full and satisfied.  Today's visit we were greeted by the extremely nice and personable chef. The mac and cheese was beyond delicious and chicken and waffles never disappoint!! Looking forward to my next visit.
5	Having lived in LA most of my life I had a difficult time finding the comfort foods Phoenix had to offer. LoLo's has taken the concept (I think) Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles created to a new level. A must have.
3	Holy crap this place is expensive for being in the hood. I had a catfish samich with Mac and cheese and a drink  $20.45 without tip. Ya go to church's or Popeye's if your on Obama care.
5	I've been to Lo-Lo's (and catered another office luncheon) several times since my first review for them and it's always the same thing when I do patronize them; amazing, flavorful food cooked with love and served by gracious, friendly servers.  The last time I went to their Phoenix location they had a special on an appetizer of fried green tomatoes and my husband and I tried them and were so impressed with them, delicious!  I definitely suggest you order them if they are offering them when you go!
5	As a LA native I have had the famous Roscoes chicken & waffles, this is BETTER.  I never thought I would ever say that.  Every time I come here we come in a big group, they are really accommodating and quick with the food.  The servers are really friendly and they have kool-aid on tap, if you're a fan.  The chicken is delicious, perfectly seasoned, perfectly fried, and perfectly juicy! The waffle was not soggy and compliments the chicken well.  The mac and cheese is so good.  Be ready to be so full you can't breathe though! Big portions and super heavy.  Its a must try if you are ever in Phoenix!
4	If you love soul food, you'll love this!! My personal fave is the Betty Boop. It comes with a waffle and a breast. The portions are big, so bring your appetite! The chicken is out of this world good! The seasonings used are amazing. The sweet tea is to die for as well. You really can't go wrong here. Try the chicken tenders as well. Don't forget to try their grape draaannnk. Will always be coming back here!
2	My fiance and I ate here while vacationing in the Phoenix area. It is in the "hood" but the inside is really nice. There were multiple tvs showing football games on this busy Sunday afternoon.  It was very crowded and the wait was about 40 minutes.  When our name was called, the hostess (speaking a mile a minute) said we had to sit at a "two-fer" or outside.  Mind you it was about 90 degrees.  I had to ask several times what a "two-fer" was before she finally responded and said a table for two. We took that table and it was TINY! I would have liked to have been asked from the beginning if we were ok with sitting outside rather than almost being threatened (which is what it sounded and felt like). Her tone was totally unprofessional. Ok so the food....I had chicken and waffles.  The good: the chicken wasn't by Banquet.  You could tell it was the kind your mother chopped up and fried fresh. The bad: The chicken lacked flavor. The waffle was small and just blah. Not bad...not good. My fiance had chicken, catfish, fries and mac n cheese. His fries were undercooked and it was visible. He said the fish was good but also a tad undercooked. He said the mac n cheese tasted like it was missing something.  Overall, I'd give the food a C. I think it is very overrated or maybe there just aren't many options in Phoenix. The service...two different ladies served us but once our food came, they forgot about us. A man I'm assuming is the manager walked by and offered us drink refills after our glasses sat empty for 10-15 minutes.Overall...a so-so experience. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again but I wouldn't throw a tantrum if this is where a friend wanted  to dine.
4	I like Roscoe's so I had to a comparison. The chicken was good and juicy. The waffle was a little doughy.
5	I LOVE this place. Such a great atmosphere and delicious food. I always look forward to going back. The chicken and waffles are fantastic, but try some of their other offerings.. The real cheese mac n cheese is amazing, as is the red velvet cake.
5	If it's Friday, it's time for LoLo's
5	Love lolos. their waffle are sop delicious. it seems like they have a hint of cinnamon. their brown gravy is to die for. i could literally drink a cup of gravy by itslef. the sweet tea is amazing! service an atmosphere is aways friendly and the establishment is extremely clean. every other menu item is just as delicious.
5	They have delicious chicken and waffles. They have regular wings not those steroid plumped wings I get at the bar. The drinks come in mason jars. The service was excellent and I will certainly go back. They get very busy but it's well worth it.
5	The new spot is pretty nice. Definitely enjoyed the patio with the beautiful weather. Long story short: I've dined in plenty of times now and the food is consistently awesome and the service is always spot on.  Only request: I miss the greens from their old spot when they used to be spicier with red pepper flakes. Either way greens r still tasty and I get the spice from the hot sauce.
5	As a former Atlanta resident and a forever lover of the South and all its delicious food, racist people and humid weather it has to offer- it was my absolute pleasure to bring my friend to his first ever Chicken & Waffle meal.Although the Scottsdale location is closer to my house, I insisted on my 25min drive to downtown Phoenix to eat at this Lolos because I refused to eat C&W at a place surrounded by floppy hats, leftover nightclub makeup and eating disorders. I wanted Southern-ghetto-fabulous and damnit,  I got it. And even though we showed up at 1 for brunch, we were still faced with a line literally out the door and almost around the block... yet we still put our name down and waited. The place is quite big so even with a large wait list our wait was still only 20mins- not too terrible. As we waited outside and got closer to the entrance, we kept admiring the people that came out with their to-go box, holding their stomachs and making jokes about being so full that they'll roll down the hill. "Thats what I want to be like!" I cried, super giddy with excitement. We got seated soon enough and we already knew what we wanted (obviously we spent our time outside planning out our meal). Between the two of us we ordered: Chicken and waffles (duh), Fried & smothered pork chops with mac and cheese, green beans and corn bread, fried green tomato appetizer and a giant mason jar of purple kool aid.As our feast arrived, I could feel my heart beating faster and my arteries clogging up. This was going to be a challenge worth fighting for. We started with the C&W and each put a half-waffle and half-chicken on our plate. My friend starts eating the chicken and I immediately go in a panic. "What are you doing! No! That's not how you eat it!". After giving him a long and passionate sermon, I bring a random server to our table to reinforce my lecture about the correct way of eating C+W. The server agrees:************You grab your waffle. Add a layer of honey/syrup on top of every square of your waffle. You place your chicken ON TOP (either cut-up or whole). You cover the chicken with hot sauce. You grab your knife and fork (OR fold the waffle like a taco) and YOU EAT A BITE OF EVERYTHING AT ONCE************ As he took his first bite I swear I saw unicorns and rainbows come out of his eyes. He finally got it. The sweet, salty, spicy, crunchy, soft, fried goodness that is a well-executed C+W. Its sweaty redneck sex on a plate. Its fucking good.After that, you could've given us a flaccid french fry and we would have still called it a successful meal. The cornbread was amazing, the mac and cheese was tasty and the pork chop was the size of an overweight chihuahua. The only thing not worth ordering was the damn fried green tomatoes: only 4 slices for $7, completely covered in salt, with a side of salt and some extra salt to go with it. Half-way through the meal we found ourselves surrounded by 3 servers and the chef, all gathered to answer the "what are gizzards made of?" question- all because they were afraid that we would be grossed out by the definition. We were all cracking jokes and enjoying their company.As we were down to 1 fried green tomato and half a porkchop left, we started breathing heavily. "I don't think I can eat any more" said one person. "WE MUST FINISH THIS" said, well, me. Using every bone in my body to be able to eat the last couple bites, we took the nasty green tomatoes in a box and called the whole thing a victory. As soon as we sat in my car and turned the car on I grabbed my stomach and said "I'm sorry, I need to do this"- *takes off belt. "OOOHHHH GOD. MUCHH BETTER". I regret nothing.
1	Went here for years but after they expanded seems like they lost the customer service.My husband and I were ignored, waiting out for with a dozen other people waiting to be called. Then was talked to rudely when we asked when we were Nwxt. They said they sat 3 people before us that we did answer...because we were outside. The was no standing room inside. Waited inside to make sure they weren't going to sit someone else  and was basically told we were in the way. Took a friend and son with us..we called as we walked out. BAd CUSTOMER SERVICE. WOULDN'T WASTE MY TIME THERE AGAINGO TO DOWN SOUTH INSTEAD!
5	Place was super busy, yet we were seated quickly. Customer service, price, and quality of food/drinks are awesome :)
5	By far the best place for some chicken and waffles with a nice tall mason jar full of red Kool-Aid!While some may say the location isn't the best [okay, it can seem pretty sketchy after dusk], the food is amazing!  I usually get the Betty Boop [a waffle and a breast] and some mac & cheese if I'm feeling extra hungry.  The waffle is always crisp and delicious and the fried chicken is delicious.  Gotta love that savory-sweet combo of a syrup-y bite of waffle with a juicy bite of chicken.  *shivers*The service is always friendly and this place is usually packed. Lo-Lo's definitely lives up to all their hype [don't go to the Scottsdale location though.  Totes not the same.]~!
5	A must-stop over when you're in the Phoenix area. Best southern food i've ever had! Far better than Roscoe's hands down. Their fried chicken is nicely seasoned. Not too much batter so when you bite into it, you're getting the right amount of crunch without the doughy taste. And it's juicy too! Even the breast. Their house made hot sauce is perfect on everything. I also ordered the biscuits and gravy. Biscuits were soft and fluffy and the gravy was legit too! And the service we got was really good. Def coming back when i get another chance.
5	Came here for the first time and loved it. We were seated right away. The waitress cameOver and took our order. I ordered the Betty Boop, which is a fried chicken breast and one waffle. My boss ordered a Betty Boop as well, and his wife ordered biscuits and gravy. We were served our drinks in large mason jars. I ordered Pepsi, and my boss ordered... Wait for it... Red Kool Aid!!! I thought that was awesome! So southern! The food came out about 10 minutes after ordering and it looked mouthwatering. The chicken was fried just right, and the waffle was so good! Next timeI want to try the biscuits and gravy... If I ever come back to Phoenix in the near future. We also had a side of green beans, and they were delicious. They had a southern Cajun kick to them, but it was so tasty. Not too spicy. Prices are good, not too expensive and the food portions are fulfilling! I left here satisfied!
5	Very good southern fried chicken and waffles.  Wait staff was amazing and the sweet tea is out of this world good. The waffles remind me of Waffle House waffles, and that's a good thing!  I had the chicken tenders and you could tell they were breaded in the kitchen and no pre-frozen. My wife had the chicken and waffles and she really enjoyed it!  Overall, I highly recommend this place!
5	I've reviewed you before and every time I visit I am more in love with you. Yesterday's meal couldn't have been any better. How is the food so fresh, hot, and delicious time after time after time? Service is amazing as always and the fried chicken was on point. Our sides - candied sweets (wow!) homey grits, spicy green beans and red beans over rice were all terrific too. If only fried chicken were fat free..... Love you Lolo's!!
5	Delicious!! Had chicken, waffles, mac n cheese, greens, and cornbread. I'm stuffed. Excellent friendly service!!
5	omggsssshhhhhhh all that i have enough energy to say (due to me being completely satisfied and stuffed) is black owned business #mypeoplearewinning #newasustudentfromchicagocaliforn
5	So FAR the best chicken waffles and sides of the West coast. I was not impressed with the macaroni and potato salad but otherwise still the best. Roscoes was not as good in my opinion as the chicken was dry. Here it was juicy, tender, and very moist.
5	If you haven't been to Lolo's in a while you'll be amazed at how it's changed. At least I was. And don't worry, the changes are good. The place is WAY bigger than it used to be. They even have valet parking now! But it's still as packed as ever and the food is as awesome as ever.I met up with some friends on Sunday morning. We had to wait about 25 minutes but they have a nice seating area on their patio so it was fine.After we were seated the first thing we ordered was Kool-Aid. Red. This is the sweetest Kool-Aid I've ever had. They must use twice the sugar. But it is so good and it goes so well with the chicken and waffles. I always get the Tre Tre's - 2 drumsticks and a waffle. They really do have the best fried chicken in town and when you get some of the maple syrup on the chicken, it's just the best thing ever.My friends ordered a croquette to have as a side and it was disappointing. For $4 it was pretty small, and they only got one. It was not really worth it. Go for the mac and cheese instead!For a good soul food breakfast, nothing in town beats this place.
5	Traveled to Phoenix via car and after five hours on the road, the food at Lo Lo's hit the spot.  We arrived around 8p on a Tuesday evening and it was 2/3 full.  We were seated immediately.  Staff was attentive.  Ordered food and it was on the table within ten minutes popping hot.  Chicken, waffles, cheesy eggs, cheesy grits, greens ... wonderful meal!!
4	Well...a splurge is a splurge right? I hadn't been to a chicken and waffles joint since I lived in LA years ago so I knew the kids would be all for BREAKFAST FOR DINNER (aka waffles and chicken). The place is bright and hella noisy music wise but service was friendly and attentive. The fried chicken was absolutely top notch and I love, love, love, rooster hot sauce. The waffles weren't as great as the chicken but my kids still devoured them. The collards were surprisingly bland but fries were good and again the chicken is fabulous!
5	I've been coming here since high school and this is THE spot in Phoenix for Chicken & Waffles. You have to go to the one downtown. I went to the Scottsdale location and it just wasn't the same. The original downtown location is in this old house, which is very cozy and inviting whereas the Scottsdale location is a huge space in a strip mall (though I heard they're moving locations?) where they are pumping out meals so I don't think the food is quite as good (it does comes out faster).The fried chicken is crispy and delicious and the waffles are large thin but still have that crunch. The sides are also pretty good, especially the mac n cheese, but I usually don't have room for much more than the chicken and waffles. I go with the Lo-Lo's- 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles. Great sugary drinks in mason jars--sweet tea, lemonade, kool aid. Mmmm haven't been to Lo-Los in a while, just writing this makes me want to go back.
1	3rd stike..... I will never return to this location. This is the third and final time I will set foot in this location. Todays encounter was by far the worst. My mother called in a to go order because she figured it would be busy. When my son arrived we stood at the door as there were several people waiting to be seated. I received a text from my mother informing me that it would be an hour for the order to be ready. I looked around and there were several empty tables in the middle of the room, 2 empty booths along the window and the banquest room was empty. I approached the counter and asked the hostess if it was really going to take an hour to get a to go? She replied yes, we have people sitting at tables that havent had their orders filled in 30 mins or more. i directed her sight to the multiple open tables and asked for an explanation. She said "OBVIOUSLY WE'RE BUSY"!! I then asked to speak with the manager, whom happened to be walking up. I stepped to the side to address the manager. I informed the manager that this was my 3rd attempt at getting a to go order. I explained that my family and I go to the Scottsdale location very often. From the start the manager was very condescending. I informed him of my most recent visit to simply get dessert,(Which on that visit I was informed that they were'nt doing to go orders because it slows down the kitchen. But they would see if they could get me a slice of cake)! After explaining my frustration to the manager his reply was simply "oh well", while staring blankly into my face. I asked the manager for his name which he gladly offered while extending his hand, "I'M LARRY WHITE, THE OWNER... I AM LoLo!' Raising his voice and gripping my hand as if to intimidate me! I shook his hand as he squeezed like we were at some stand off in the playground, childish attempt to display authority! I politely informed Mr. White that there was no need to attempt aggression and raise his voice. I reminded him that I was calm and the tone in my voice had not changed AND I would appreciate it if he would not attempt to disrespect me in front of my 4yr old by raising his voice to me. I thanked Mr. White and requested that he cancel my mothers to go order request. As mentioned, my family and I are loyal patrons of the Scottsdale location. It is really sad that the level of service is not the same. But here is a suggestion, maybe if your kitchen staff cannot handle the level of business that you do, HIRE MORE STAFF!!! Or better yet, turn down the music and have the DJ help out! It's a restaurant not a night club. But I am not a Business Major so maybe I don't know from what I speak.
4	Went 2 the original lolo's in AZ. It was recommended by my son who lived here for 3 years. Needless to say it was spectacular! The chicken was scrumptious and the waffle was tasty. I strongly recommend this spot to you all. To me it is the Roscoes of Az. One of the staff mentioned the owner of this place and the owner of Roscoe's are friends ......  I will be back!
4	I haven't been to this location in a very long time, and when I did today. I came to a brand new restaurant. Everything changed, idk how I feel about it. Its in the hood ghetto area, then all of a sudden you walk in, its like the location in Scottsdale.  Eehhhh. I like the old restaurant layout better.. and whatttttt? Valet parking? Yesss they did. They upgrade it.Best customer service.  They constantly refilled my drink,  so I was never parched :)))I was bummed that my waffles was soft and crispy. . :/ my mac and cheese was delish!
5	Lo-Lo's has been updated and I like the new restaurant. It's more spacious. Easier to get around in, more items on the menu and it looks great inside!Fried Green Tomatoes! Oh my goodness! They were the special appetizer. And man, were they good! I tried the sauce, but I liked them better without it. They were tart and the paprika added such a great flavor to them that four wasn't enough.The chicken and grits were fantastic as always.My absolute favorite thing on the menu is the macaroni and cheese. I eat it like dessert. I could get just that.Lo-Lo's is one of the main things that I miss in Phoenix. We eat here almost every time we pass though.
5	Just a tip I just got informed that you cant park on the building near by, like i have been doing:) so just park near the houses if you cant  find a parking spot near the place
4	I like chicken and waffles.  This is good!  The service was good.
5	Best chicken and waffles I ve had. The Mac and cheese is to die for. Lolos is by far better then roscoes in LA.
5	I had the best breakfast ever at Lo-Lo's. My husband heard about this place from one of his friends and we just had to check it out while we were in Phoenix from Virginia for a wedding. We are so glad we did, the food is A-m-a-z-i-n-g and the service is just as wonderful!  The waffles were some of the best I have ever had at a restaurant and the chicken was done just right! Yum! :) I wish we had better places like this in our area. We hope to eat here again next time we are in Phoenix! :)
5	A friend of mine kept talking about Lo-Lo's and how great it is.  Today, we went.  Wow, I have to agree.  We were greeted right away at the door.  Our waitress came over, introduced herself, and took us to our table.  Immediately, she asked what we wanted to drink, and brought out our drinks in less than a minute.  I had the vegetable plate.  The Fried Okra was good, but not as good as my wife makes.  The beans and rice were "OK".  I also had corn - delicious, and green beans - delicious, and a sweet cornbread (also delicious).  I can't wait to go back and try some more vegetables!
4	I've been to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles, where it's the talk of the town for being the best in its speciality. For you locals that wish you could try it......go to Lolo's instead. This isn't hometown bias, either! Hands down, I prefer Lolo's. The chicken is cooked to crispy perfection and the waffles are fluffy yet flat and soft yet crunchy, all with a slight hint of cinnamon. I never go here without ordering a huge mason jar full of Kool-Aid. The sense of family in this newly-renovated building is great; I always feel right at home. Their Mac-n-cheese is great, too! Sometimes you can catch them making their food in the front window where they have all their ingredients and kitchen tools out for display. I promise you won't be disappointed. You'll leave with a super full stomach and a smile on your face.
4	Have been to this and the Scottsdale location several times. Good food and laid back atmosphere. Sometimes you might have to wait longer than you would like for a refill or to pay your bill, but generally the service is decent. I usually get the fried catfish plate with Mac n cheese and greens. Have also tried the waffle sandwich. Stepped outside the box once or twice and got the shrimp n grits and the salmon croquettes. Not impressed with either. Also wish they had peach cobbler.
4	Downtown location has been renovated.  It's gorgeous and roomy but definately seems to have been "Scottsdale-a-fried" (get it?); it just doesnt' seem right that LoLo's downtown location has "Valet parking." Since this is an update to my original review, I want to call out that I have a new menu favorite:  Stupid Fries -Hot seasoned fries topped with tender fried white meat chicken, gravy & onions, green & red bell peppers covered w/ cheese.  YMTS(f).YouMUSTTryStupid friesAlso - if it's a slow day, ask your waiter if the Chef will make you a Chicken Waffle Martini - if the stars are aligned, you will be rewarded with the most unique and delicious martini you have ever tasted.
1	Good food, but the worst service I've ever had. 65 minutes to get 5 orders of chicken and waffles and a catfish sandwich. Awful.
5	WOW! That is the one word that describes this place. Our last day in Scottsdale and we wanted to venture over to Phoenix for some soul food. I am so happy we found this place. Let's just say I have to unbutton my pants because my belly is full! Everything was great!
5	I loved it....  Waffles and Chicken.... What a concept!  I even had Kool Aid for my drink....  Mac n cheese, cornbread and more.....  This place is awesome and our group of 21 loved it!  A must try eatery....
5	Food was awsome.   The chicken and waffles were awsome.  A little slow coming out but turned out to be wort it.
5	A definite must! The food was great and prices were too. Called ahead for a group and they treated us like VIPs. As a Mac & cheese expert, make sure to have theirs, DELICIOUS. Wonderful.
5	Always good! Always clean! Best service from Jamal as usual! We drive up from Tucson just to come eat here! Wish we had one in Tucson. Stupid fries, waffles, chicken, corn bread, and Mac and cheese today, perfect!
2	The vibe here is cool, there's a DJ spinning records on Friday night. The food is more of a mixed bag. I got the chicken & waffles. The chicken was crispy, moist, and flavorful. The waffles were flat, I had to use all the butter and a lot of the syrup to add flavor. The potato salad was tasteless and had a whole bunch of paprika dumped on it.
5	Sat at the bar with my SO.  Great tunes, great energy, outstanding food.  Loved the collard greens, chicken and I had to have a biscuit.  Lovely staff.  Would go there every day if I was close by.
5	This was my first time trying chicken and waffles as a combo and must say that it was incredible! Service was extremely fast and friendly so I'll definitely be going back.
5	Stopped in here when we visited Phoenix.  Great food and lots of it.
4	I go once a year on my birthday.  I also know not to expect good or fast service at this location.  Love the food, never have room for dessert, and I go home and my clothes STILL smell like fried chicken.  ha ha ha, good stuff.
3	So have been here when they first opened as a ghetto joint and now with all the nice remodeling The food is still good (u might get a heart attack or cavity w the sugar in their kool-aid) but one thing that hasn't changed is the service is still as slow as dang molasses. I have a toddler now and the long wait to get service, drinks, and our food was not sitting well with her or me. 40 min wait to get seated, 10 min for a waiter to appear, close to an hour for food and waiter to reappear. I think if you're looking for a place to go hang with adults to catch up; the wait is worth the wait. Dress code: ghetto to fab to ghetto fab is all gravy in here.
5	Fantastic fried chicken, super delicious grits with cheese an butter, and great okra served by an attentive and friendly staff.A great place to eat.Only thing I missed was a craft beer with my delicious meal.Oh, NSC and cheese great too.
1	Dear Larry this is david ristick we had my sons 16th birthday day party I love your restaurant your food your service is always five stars !!! we love your whole family we've been friends for years I was there since you open the restaurant Your new GM Maurice made us feel so unwelcome so miserable that it made me feel like I would never want to come there again you know that I drove all away from LA to make my son's birthday party special and  he made us feel so bad that I never want to come back there again if he is working He should be fired!! With all due respect to you your family and your establishment God bless you Larry keep keeping the food coming out good just get rid of this guy ASAP he will ruin your restaurant! He actually said when I told him that I drove from LA  and that I drove 400 miles And he said i "quote I don't care if you drove 4000 miles! "What a loser!
5	Was there for lunch this afternoon it was amazing  super friendly super fast  excellent food  couldn't have had a  better time A+++
5	If you have been to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in LA. Well welcome to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles in Phoenix. The chicken is off the chain,waffles are yummy. The family ate small bowls of Mac and cheese and rice over red beans and cheese grits. It was all good. Can't wait to come back for some more chicken and I want get my hands on some shrimp and grits
5	Come early... or be prepared to wait... Which I had ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEM WITH! It was early spring in Phoenix, so waiting outside wasn't a big deal at all. One thing that would have made this experience extra ordinary is if they had a bartender or a server working the people waiting outside. We could have got a jar of DRANK before we actually walked in and sat down and our appetites would have REALLY been right. I ordered the fried chicken, fries, and mac and cheese. I must say I was thoroughly impressed with the quality of food. You can tell they serve hundreds of people on a daily basis and their level of consistency of their food was exceptional. Moreover, our server, I believe his name was Aaron (I apologize if I am incorrect) service was the cream of the crop. He took care of our table, he was fun, he was exciting, he joked with us, all things that make the experience that much better. I will be back in Phoenix within the next month, you better believe that I will be here as soon as I land! Its not that far from the airport, I am sure I will be able to smell the aroma of the fried chicken as soon as I land. Damn son, you all need to get a location in Denver, PHO REAL!
4	When you're talking chicken & waffle places, no matter what, it'll always have to stack up against Roscoe's. It may not be fair, but that's how it's gotta be. I've also been to chicken & waffle places up and down the west coast, so I know what I'm talking about here. In the end, nothing quite stacks up to the OG, Roscoe.Still, doesn't mean that Lo-Lo can't throw in a contender. And quite a contender it is. His sendup of the classic most definitely works for me. Fluffy waffle, and tender fried chicken doused in Louisiana-style hot sauce. That's what I'm talking about. Can't forget the mac & cheese either, which was a very healthy portion. The food is good, but what won me over? Lemonade. Unlike Roscoe's, Lo-Lo's will refill your lemonade. Can't go wrong with that. Service was fantastic, and even with a half-hour wait on a Friday night, everyone was still pleasant and happy. Just wish I wasn't so full to try that red velvet cake.No one will ever step to Roscoe, but Lo-Lo and Sandra Dee in Sacramento are more than qualified contenders to the title.
4	Love Lo-Lo's! The chicken and waffle combo is delicious. The mac and cheese is just average to me- nothing extraordinary about it and not worth $4. I like the kool-aid and the sweet tea- both very sweet and cavity inducing. The waffles have an awesome buttery taste and the chicken is perfectly fried. Took off a star because parking is horrible and there is always a long wait to be seated.
4	I'm a huge fan of Mrs. Whites, and this is a chip off the ol' block, but with a twist. The fried chicken is tender and juicy inside while perfectly crispy on the outside. Great flavor as well, and not dripping with grease. The green beans are perfection! Perfectly cooked, seasoned, and had a slight kick (heat) to them. The mac and cheese was also delicious. The corn bread muffin was moist, buttery and flavorful. I was so full, but had to try the red velvet, and so glad I did. The cake is so moist and the frosting is perfect; not overly sweet. The only thing to be aware of is that bits of the red cake get stuck between teeth. Looks like those red pills you use to check if you're brushing your teeth correctly (epic fail). I'm just glad I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and noticed my red teeth before heading out to the next event. So,note to self,  don't take pictures after eating the cake and be cautious if you're on a first date. If he or she is giggling while looking at you, it's not because you're funny (well, your are, but not for the reasons you think). Service was alright, considering how busy it was. The HUGE negative is that I came on a Saturday and the ENTIRE parking lot (mind you it's really small) is valet. So, you're paying additional money to eat here on the weekend. You could choose to park along the street or in front of someone's home, but  I'm not sure how safe the area is. It's so busy on the weekend parking is limited. We got there around 10:30am and parked  close by and waited about 15 minutes for a table. There's a very small waiting area inside. Most people had to wait outside, which was fine since the weather is nice. But in the summer and winter, this could be an issue. Was it worth it?  Ohhhh, yeah!
1	Not worth the 2 1/2 + hours it took to get served our food.Nothing special about the fried chicken that stands out as a must try. Waffles a waffle, can't mess that up. After an hour and 15 minute wait, ask the host if they planned on sitting us and he replied "you can't walk in at 8 o'clock and expect to be seated right away". Not the answer to give when hosting. Oh, we walked in at 7, was told a 45 minute wait which ended up being an hour an 1/2. Overall, the rave about this place is beyond me. Slow service, poor host, average food.
5	Love this place! i have been to Scottsdale location as well and both have surpassed my expectations . Pretty big portions and large beverages! will definitely be back
4	Way too much food and more than a little unhealthy.  Greasy salty chicken, drinks were too sugary ... And yet all part of an experience you need to visit while in Phoenix.  BTW one order can feed 2 people easy.  DJ and atmosphere made it authentic.
4	Waffles are yummy, chicken is juicy, service is on point. It was loud, but I liked it. I'm a loud person, the atmosphere made it easy to be myself. I'll be back.
4	small Lil place very good chicken they have an abundance of sides as well kool-aid to drink lol I guess that's good for kids. Waffles are good I like syrup on the chicken and the waffles but honey is good too on chicken
5	I wish this place was closer to where I live. But I suppose it's a good thing it's not or I'd be there too much.I'd been wanting to try Lolo's since I heard about them. A place specializing in chicken and waffles? I'm there! But it was too far away to make just popping on down practical. Then one day I was actually in the neighborhood and got a chance to go. The interior of the place is unique, with lots of interesting things to look at. There are several flatscreen TVs and the menus were fun. The sheer amount of food you get is amazing. The chicken was almost exactly what my mom used to make when I was a kid. I wanted to have dessert afterward but filled up on the happiness that was the two-leg and a waffle combo. I had the blue drank, a mason jar of blue Koolaid that was endless. I didn't actually need a refill though. One jar was enough for me. Our waitress was friendly and genuine. There was complimentary valet parking though we found a spot on the street easy enough. The overall atmosphere there was laid back and relaxing. I had a good time and great food. As I said before, I'd go there more often if it were only closer. If you've been thinking about trying this place, get off the fence and into the restaurant.
2	It was our first time here and everything was going smooth. We came in about 5:30pm and it was getting busy. We waited to be seated and I thought it was pretty cool they had a couch you can chill on while you wait. When we were seated, our server greeted us in a timely manner. We asked for some help since it was our first time and he did a fine job letting us know what was popular and pointed us to certain things I asked about. I asked him to go ahead and get our drinks while we decide what we wanted to get.He came back and asked if we were ready and we said that we were. We placed our order (Number 3, which is 3 pc chicken with two waffles, and a chicken strip basket with fries and a side of corn bread) and then he asked "So what did you guys want to drink, again?" Wait a minute. I thought we had already given him our drink order and instead of coming with them, he came and asked what we wanted. That was a tad annoying. Our order was brought out by a lady who didn't really acknowledge us. Basically "who had this or that" and placed them in the center of the table anyway. She just left without saying a word or asking if we would like anything else. Right away, we noticed we had gotten everything except for our corn bread. We waited for our waiter to make his rounds but he didn't come back. It took awhile but he came to seat someone else so the couple seated at the table next to us got his attention and said that they were missing a few items from their order. So we weren't the only ones. After a few trips back and forth to them because he kept forgetting things they were asking for, I got his attention and said that we were missing corn bread. He said he would bring them out. I saw him a few times after that helping other customers and that's fine but he came back to our table and asked how we were doing...without our corn bread. I had to remind him again that we needed corn bread. We were almost done with our meal by this time.After he finally brought it to us, he started coming around a little more. At that point, I wasn't sure whether or not if it had slowed down or not. I figured it did since he was coming around some more. It was kind of too late, anyway.When it came time to bring us our bill, he had to ask us what we had ordered today. I was surprised... He said they had misplaced our order. How does that even happen? I've never heard of such a thing...EVER. I should have just told him that service was lousy and since they had lost our order stub, I didn't have to pay for the food. But since I did eat it (cause I was hungry mind you) and possibly a little too understanding, I gave him my entire order again.So we paid and started leaving and I saw that it was as packed as ever. Worse than when we had arrived. I didn't understand why he would have time to keep checking on us at the end of the meal as opposed to during the meal. Now, I do understand that he may have been new or may even have been too slammed but shouldn't waiters and any establishment at the very least come by and ask if you were doing okay? IDK but the service wasn't on par with some other little restaurants I've been to. As for the food, to me it really wasn't anything special. The chicken wasn't like how they make it out to be and the waffles were still kind of dough-y. I may have gone at a bad time but it's a restaurant and they should be consistent. The chicken strips weren't too bad and the best part of the meal was the fries. I gave one-star for the food and one-star for the service. I guess I was expecting a lot more from the reviews and reputation Lo Lo's had...
1	CAUTION!!!!!!! Take a picture of your signed receipts here! Waiters/Waitresses like to over charge your card with a larger tip.... I know this because it happened to me unfortunately. Management was very unapologetic and made it seem like it was my fault that I didn't give the waitress a 30% tip...hmmm. I am still waiting for the management to return the excess money to my card. I guess that's what happens when little restaurants flourish. They get MONEY HUNGRY!! I doubt my little yelp review will damage the business in any way, but I feel like I would be doing a disservice not to warn my fellow consumer. Word to the wise...check your bank statements after visiting here...you might end up with an extra expense for GREED!
4	Been here a few time the food and customer service are always consistent. Had Chris as a server recently took good care of us. But I Dislike there new valet service. If you choose not to use it you have to park on the street. Guess they don't want you imposing on their tips
4	Great place and seems to be newly renovated.  It's very clean.  Chicken is crunchy and moist, corn bread is tasty, although waffles could be better (too soft and for me).  Drinks are sweet as they should be.  This place has a real southern feel to it and service is friendly.  They also have a live DJ.
4	Chicken and waffles not much more to say. Fries chicken was great, then only to mix in the sweetness of waffles?! Wish I had somewhere like this in my hometown.
5	If this place was closer is come once a week. The servers are great. The food is always good. I also think this one is better than the one in Scottsdale
4	This was my second time here and it was the same as the last time which I appreciate. We were met at the door with a friendly smile and seated quickly. The place was packed with people which was nice. I ordered the original 3 pieces of fried chicken with two waffles aka the lo lo. The chicken was very good with great flavor and cooked perfectly. The waffles were the same as the last time. Good but not great. I would expect more from the waffles due to the fact that the word is in the name of the restaurant but overall they are fine. The kool aid was great with zero complaints about it. Overall this place is very good and worth the time it takes to drive down to south Phoenix.  I will certainly come back if I'm in the area.
4	I just ate here on Wednesday night, and like always the food was amaz! Everyone there is so friendly and nice. Our Waitress was on top of everything and really sweet. I always enjoy this yummy comfort food!
5	This is by far some of the best food I've eaten, customer service is great.Only down falls the wait time to be seated and served as well very small parking lot. If you have  the patience, and don't  mind walking a few blocks this is the place to go."not crazy about the chairs"
5	Happened to be bicycling by the larger digs yesterday at 6PM and  there was no line. There also is no entrance from the parking lot - people have to walk around to the street to get in the place. I would love them if the perfection stopped right there as long as the food wasn't poisonous.But then, wonderfully funky interior design in an old commercial space, top notch staff, perfectly fried drumsticks, wonderfully textured fresh waffles, excellent okra and greens, really good lemonade and thou beside me looking at Carlos Rivas' rooster. Bicycling home at sunset. What more can be asked of life?
5	Amazing food, fun atmosphere!  We went on a Saturday night so there was a DJ playing music too. Because they are so popular be prepared to wait to be seated and for your food but just chill cause it's worth the wait. :-)
5	The only bad thing about this place is that I can't afford to go every single day! EVERYTHING on their menu is soooooo good!  Was so god we went back 2 nights in a row.
1	After a fun, alcohol filled night, my friends and cousins decide to hit up LoLo's.  I hadn't been here since they were just a back room to somebody's kitchen so seeing the expansion gave me high hopes because it presented itself nicely...the interior is the ONLY thing that presents itself well.We walk in and the unenthusiastic hostess asked how many was in our party and I told her 8.  Being that the rest of the party live further, it would take them a while, so she informed us she can't seat half of our party until the full 8 showed up. Ugh yeah, right. I'm hungry and I'm not waiting so we just asked to be seated for our four. So after letting her know it would just be us for, she writes my name and instructs me to "scoot"  to the side and sit down. In slow motion, I turn around and all of the waiting benches are taken soooo where the hell am I suppose to sit, on the older ladies lap that was already sitting there?! She could have easily said "it will just be a few moments, if you'd like you can take a seat that's available behind you". Was that too difficult?! So I say whatever, they sat us within the next two minutes.Our waiter/manager of the restaurant takes our drink orders and he seemed pretty cool cuz he was joking a lil with us.  So my cousin asks if she can put in an order for someone who was showing up a little later and then that's when things went down hill.  We were informed we couldn't do that because it would be cold by the time he came and blah blah blah.  Brotha, that's another order which results into money into your business' pocket.  So we order our food but he let's us order for our cousin who would show up late.  So we place the order and literally 5 minutes later, a different server comes out and says "UM this is for someone showing up late or somethin".  Ok, so you mean to tell me there was a discussion about this tiny little request in your kitchen amongst several servers.  Not to mention our order hadn't even come out yet, so the "complicated" order was first to come out when our orders were the smallest.  My friend asks why my cousins order came out so fast and why we haven't received ours, so that's when the title of this review comes in "ma'am we cook chicken and waffles all day, some orders will be quicker than others". Huh?! I know I didn't major in computer science but this really wasn't THAT complex.  So luckily my cousin walks in just in time to eat his food so it didn't get cold like Mr. Manager/Waiter/Host/Fry Cook (he seriously wore many hats) mentioned. I don't wanna come to a place to eat when there's all these rules and instructions beginning with who and how many people can sit with me.  Being a California native, Roscoe's will always be THE Chicken & Waffles place that dominates any other competition.  Compared to Roscoe's, this place is amateur.  At least with Scoes they seat you no matter what time your party arrives, your food comes out within 5-10 minutes from the time you place your order, and you have a server who is just that...a server.  Not the building instructor, valet attendant or whatever our so called 'server' was to us.  This place will never get my business ever again.
4	I've grown up on Roscoe's Chicken in waffles but I enjoyed this place so much more. Plus you don't smell like chicken when you leave Score!
4	4.5 stars! To borrow a phrase from George Takei, oh my! We finally tried this place out after hearing about it from several of our friends and coworkers who have lived in the area for quite some time. We read a few reviews, liked what we saw, and made it a point to go. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and shown to our table. The decor is sort of a modern meets rustic look.  Our waitress Leslie came right over and took our drink order.  The menu is huge, and we wanted to try everything on it. Needless to say it took us a few minutes to make our decisions, but then we were ready to bring on the hurt. We knew then that this was simultaneously going to be both the best and worst decision ever for dinner. My wife ordered the Lo Lo's chicken and waffles, I ordered the 8 double D's chicken breast and waffle, and we got an order of fries and corn bread to share. We also ordered two drinks off of their specialty menu, a Keep it Simple for my wife, and the tropical drink for me. Sadly, I can't remember the name of the drink. The fries and the corn bread came out first.  The corn bread was good, but not the best I've had. The fries are hand cut with a glorious seasoning.  Anyone who knows me well knows my unhealthy obsession with french fries...It's rivaled only by my love of tacos. The fries never stood a chance. Every now and then I would pause for half a second to dip one in ketchup, but they were so good they really didn't need it. Shortly thereafter the rest of the food came out.The main course came out on large dishes that were roughly the size of trampolines. My inner fat kid was practically leaping up and down at this point. The amount of food piled on the plates bordered on unnatural. It was about this time that my wife and I realized we may have ordered too much food. We didn't care. We were too busy staring down our plates like two gunslingers before a high noon showdown and furiously snapping photos for our future Yelp post. Our stomachs grumbled with anticipation.The chicken was delicious, juicy, and breaded and fried southern style. The waffles were soft and made to order with their special batter. I went all out, ripping my chicken breast off the bone and stuffed it in the waffle, loaded it with butter, syrup, and hot sauce. With a big grin on my face, I folded it up like a giant delicious taco and ate it like it was my last meal on earth. My inner fat kid was getting worried at this point, because he knew there was more to come. Syrup and butter streaming down my hands, I enjoyed it to the last crumb. The waffle split and threatened to spill its contents all over the table several times, but I'm no amateur taco eater. The hot sauce is medium, with a little bit of a kick but not too much, and a nice spicy offset to the sweetness of the syrup.  Throughout the course of our meal, our table was visited several times by our waitress and other staff members. They kept the drinks filled and cleared away finished plates. Everyone was friendly and made for a great service experience.To finish it off, we ordered the banana pudding for dessert. No true Southerner can pass up banana pudding when given the choice. I grew up on my grandma's banana pudding, so there was a high bar of expectations set. I was not disappointed. The style was different from that of my grandmothers, but it was still very good. They use crumbled vanilla wafers as both a base and a topping. As with the drinks, it comes out served in a large mason jar. Be warned, it's a big serving, so come hungry or be ready to share.  My wife threw in the towel about a quarter of the way through. Rookie.  I tore through it like a Serengeti Lion devouring its prey.My hunger sated and my inner fat kid crying for mercy, I lay down my fork and napkin in victory. I'm fairly certain I ate the equivalent of two days caloric intake. with a smile on my face, I thought dreamily of the Tums sitting on my nightstand at home.
5	Im from Atlanta Ga , and we know good down home cooking. When I tell you this food is good.... it's a understatement. The food and the people are outstanding! The only thing I can compare this food to is "family reunion food" and if you're from the south you know what i mean ....
5	This is for sure a must have if you're new to phoenix! The thing is that the remodel is beautiful. They do have another location in Scottsdale,however this one I would say is the better one. Its very clean. The servers are great and friendly. You cannot go wrong with any thing you order here. It's really all good. You will find something for everyone.
1	Love the food, but they changed to mandatory valet parking.. fail x 100Really? Why? Fix this! At least one of the two lots should be self parking.
5	Enjoyed the yummy southern food, waitress was very hospitable and the family love Lo-Lo's chicken & Waffles. Busy but worth the wait. Ordered the Tre-Tre and sweet candy.
5	Having been a bookmark on my Yelp account for some time now, we finally got the chance to try this place out! We headed in and were greeted right away. We didn't have a reservation, but we lucked out and got there earlier than the rush, so we were seated in a nice booth up front.  The place filled up pretty quickly after we arrived, so I would recommend calling ahead if you have a larger party (and they only seat your party once everyone has arrived, so keep that in mind, too).Our waitress was Leslie and she was wonderful from the very start.  Friendly and accommodating she allowed us a bit of time to look over the menu and made recommendations based on our preferences, which worked out nicely.  I had the Lo-Lo's meal and he had the Double D meal, we shared an order of cornbread, cause...who turns down southern style cornbread?? We opted to try out a couple of their drinks which I cannot remember the names of, but they were good! The meals came out quickly an were exactly the way we ordered them and they smelled amazing. Chicken was cooked nicely and the breading was really well seasoned. Waffles were fluffy and perfect. The cornbread was gone within seconds of hitting the table. Despite being way too full for it, we shared a banana pudding for a dessert, which was worth every agonizingly over full bite! I highly recommend this if you from the south and like a good banana pudding with real slices of banana and wafer topping!Overall: A+Great service, great southern food with hilarious names (amazing dessert for a bonus), and fun ambiance make this place a "will absolutely return" venue!
1	Everything looked and smelled great. Unfortunately, everyone around me got served (even those that were seated later). After leaving (lunch break was up), the manager on the phone said it was because I ordered chicken breast. Note to self, order what they have available, not what you really want to try. The manager DID apologize, but only after I asked him to acknowledge that they were wrong. Although I'm not a dentist, I feel like one having to pull teeth to get some courtesy out of Lo-Lo's Chicken (thighs) and Waffles.
1	Lo Lo chicken and Waffles will be removed from my "places to eat while traveling" list forever.  The first one I went to was in Scottsdale, I happily gave it 5 stars and told my friends and colleagues about this place and that Lo Lo's is a must visit.  A couple of months later, I went back again and OMG!!! What happened???!!!! I got the game hen version.  The drumstick was 4" long and not even 2" wide (I've posted pictures) so wrote a scathing review considering I looked at the other people chicken and it was twice the size of what me and my family got!  So my husband and Are in AZ for the next couple of days and I decided to let Lo Lo's redeem themselves.  We went to the Lo Lo's on Central Ave. AlI can say is that Lo Lo's have been removed from my list!
4	My significant other and I came on a busy weekend around lunch time. There was a free valet. The place was packed, so we waited around an hour or so for a table. While we waited, there was a comfy seating area outside and water. Once we were seated, we ordered the famous soul food platter to share (where you pick an entree and two sides, and this includes cornbread), along with a red koolaid. We picked the 3 pieces of chicken smothered in gravy & onions for the entree, along with a waffle and mac & cheese for our two sides.Chicken smothered in gravy and onions:Maybe it was because I was so hungry by then, but this tasted absolutely delicious. Hot, savory, and crunchy, this chicken lived up to the hype. The chicken was perfectly cooked, and the gravy and onions added a nice salty (but not overwhelming) complement to the crunchy chicken. Waffle:The waffle was great, and also lived up to the hype I expected, as this is one of the signature dishes. It was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The actual size of the waffle looks bigger in photos, probably because the plate is smaller than I imagined, but one waffle is still quite an adequate amount for one person. My SO said this was the best waffle he's ever had. Mac & cheese:This was disappointing. The mac and cheese tasted grainy to me, and the sauce was lumpy rather than smooth. The cheese sauce didn't taste very cheesy to me either. I would not order this again. Cornbread:Warm, slightly sweet, and soft, this cornbread hit the spot. Great supplement to the salty chicken. Red koolaid:This came in a large mason jar and was sweet, but not too sweet, making a refreshing quencher to the savory foods. Service:The complimentary valet was nice, as there were a lot of cars and people around. Our waiter was friendly and prompt with taking our orders, despite the very full restaurant. Overall, I would like to come back and eat here again, but not on an empty stomach if it's busy.
5	This place is insane, great food, service was phenomenal (thanks Chris) and we need one in Seattle.
4	I came here for lunch and it was packed so there was a half an hour wait but I was craving the chicken so I patiently waited the 30 long grueling minutes. The wait staff was very nice about it and came out frequently to seat people. There were outdoor seating areas that were empty that they should convert to dining spaces.When we were finally seated, the waitress was perky and ready to help. We ordered our Jar of Drank first. The koolaid was a bit warm with lots of ice and the lemonade had a crystal lite flavor to it. I ordered the 3 piece chicken with two waffles and eggs with cheese and onions and a side of grits. I do not like grits so I traded it for fries but they gave me rice instead... (must have been the loudness of the place). The chicken skin is so delicious and crisp with the perfect amount of salt. When you add their hot sauce the flavor is divine. The waffles have cinnamon and are nice and fluffy. I can't say much about the eggs and "fries" (rice) because they were pretty standard. I loved the foods they are known for but I would skip the extras. The price is not bad for the amount of food and the experience was nice.
5	I would highly suggest coming here, granted there are only a few locations. However, the price is right, and their sweet tea is sweet! I love their corn bread. The service is real good too, just be sure you come sooner than later because there's usually a wait.
4	So I finally got in this place. It was hard to find parking but trust me it's worth it. I waited 45 minutes to get a table. Once again worth the wait. Finally got seated. This place would have gotten five stars but unfortunately I got a server on her bad night I guess. Sharay was her name. I was there to eat and drink. I was open for anything. I asked what she recommended for a drink and she replied anything. Now I would have offered the most expensive drink they had. I was open for it. So I just ordered kool-aid. Which was the bomb. I once again asked what she suggested as far as the food goes. Once again anything was her reply. I don't even remember what I ordered but it was big portions. I eat a lot so I knew it was gonna take some effort. As soon as my food arrived not even five minutes later she was asking if I needed a check and a box. In my mind I was thinking I just got started. Now I was stuffed. I ate everything. Still had room for desert. But she didn't even offer so I was like well I better find another place to get some dessert. Even though I got crappy service I still tipped her 20% because I understand it's tough work. I look forward to going back and requesting Sharay again because everybody deserves a second chance.
5	Visited Lo Lo's for lunch last week and absolutely loved it. We don't have a soul food/southern spot near us so we definitely had high hopes for our stop here. The service was perfect, polite & quick. Everything extra requested was responded with a "no problem" and a smile. I in no way was looking forward to the waffle, not knowing any better, but I was surprised about how good it was, especially with the fried chicken! Every trip here in the future I won't be passing them up. Our food was so good that we finished every last bite!(Use the complimentary valet since parking in the neighborhood is practically impossible.)
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I came on a Friday afternoon and got a table right away since it wasn't very busy. The service was quick and everyone was super friendly. I got the Lil Amadi with fries, and lemonade. Chicken was crispy and the WAFFLE was amazingly tasty. The menu made me giggle. Contemplated on coming back on my way to the airport but didn't have time :(.
3	I was so excited to eat here that I headed to Lo Lo's directly from the airport. I had 1 waffle with 2 thighs and I added cornbread and fried okra cuz they looked soooo good, but all of it was just average. That being said the food was hot and fresh and that's important to me, so I would eat here again but I'd try something different. The waitress was nice but it took 20 minutes to be seated and there were empty tables, I'm not sure why we had to wait, but eventually they decided to seat people. There was no toilet paper in any of the stalls which was frustrating and unsanitary. Kinda wish I had tried the Scottsdale location. Maybe my expectations were too high :/
5	This has to be the best fried chicken I have had since I had my grandfather's fried chicken growing up back in the hills of Kentucky. I couldn't go the waffle (just too much food) but the chicken was great as were the mac&cheese and the string beans with red potatoes. Paid extra to have a breast to take home the next day - it was even better the next day! And the bottle of beer served in a brown paper bag was a nice touch.The place is BUSY so plan for that. We were a large group and service was still very attentive and made sure we were pleased with everything. If you have to wait for a table, do it, it will be worth it. This is about an hours drive for me but I plan on making this at least a monthly date.
4	Such a great place for comfort food. The fried chicken is an excellent southern rendition and vibe is good. I always order the Lo Lo's, which is 3 pieces of chicken prepared southern style, with 2 golden waffles... and it's plenty for me. The 'dranks' come in big mason jars are usually don't need to be refilled. It's a team service event and it's always on-point. Mama has done good!  Certainly going back.
2	Went with a group of twelve.  Six of us got our food after one hour.  The other six waited another 30 minutes for their food.  Everyone agreed the food was excellent, but the service was abominable.  The server never came over to ask if everything was OK.  It took three tries before they got my bill right.  Two other things we didn't like.  The original restaurant on this site was cozy with a couple of small rooms.  They have enlarged it, so the original ambiance is gone.  Also they had a DJ playing so loud that conversation was impossible.  Not likely I will return, even though the food is excellent.
4	Of course the food is good, there is something for everyone here. If you like good southern cooking, Soul food, then this is a place for you. Fried cat fish, Fried chicken, fried everything.
3	I am visiting family in Phoenix & they told me about Lo-Lo's.   So I read the reviews here on Yelp first like any good Yelp'r should & I was a little disappointed because I was expecting greatness & it was just good.  I would say a little better than Roscoe's (in L.A.) but not by much.   I've been to other restaurants that use Mason jars... so no big deal. The waffle was definitely good.  The smothered fried chicken was not bad but nothing great about it either...probably because it was luke warm nearing cold.  I ordered the Catfish Beignets as an appetizer expecting that something different...we'll they didn't come out as an appetizer but as a side order with my meal & they were just catfish strips.  I think it gets such great reviews because of the lack of competition.   45 minute wait (actually about 30) if you don't want to sit outside.  There's an outside waiting area adjacent to the outdoor dining which is a little confusing.  I'm told the place had really grown, & it does look great.   But at the end of it all... it's just good NOT GREAT!!!
5	The breakfast was delicious.
2	Do not bother and here is why.  I have worked in restaurants back in the day in the south and have won a few contests for recipes so i feel relatively qualified to give a review about this.Here's what was good:  the service was good and wait staff friendly.  Portions were large.Here's what was wrong:1.  Chicken breast was over cooked (dry) and way under-seasoned. This being their main product, it should have been really good.  Big disappointment.2.  Waffle was not at all crispy nor very warm (chicken was plenty hot though).3.  Fried green tomatoes were tasty but the tomatoes were half ripe (pink).  You do not make fried green tomatoes with semi-ripe tomatoes.  They taste different and the texture of the tomato comes out mushy if not green.  4.  Tea is a Southern soul food staple, however Phoenix water is crappy and the water there is not filtered.  You can definitely tell this in the tea. 5.  Sort of expensive considering.We also had cornbread and it was okay.  Nothing to write home about.What i am saying here is this is an approximation of Southern soul food but it ain't the real deal.  It came off like a trendy chain restaurant getting by on average ingredients.  Jennifer B.
4	Fantastic chicken and waffles! Cornbread was perfect and the koolaid was just like as a kid! Fun atmosphere and good value! Would go back!
4	I came here with a girlfriend and were told the wait would be 45 min.  We left for 30 min and came back only to find that we had missed them calling us. AH!We let the ladies know we were there and they (very sweetly) accommodated us, (probably because we were only two people and fit on a postage stamp).I did not have the Kool Aid, but an alcoholic beverage at the top of their "drinks" menu and it was FANTASTIC. I"m almost positive it had red Kool Aid, vodka and pineapple juice.I ordered Betty's Boob, a perfect combo to taste their chicken and SCRUMPTIOUS waffle and then ordered Mac & Cheese and Cheese Grits on the side.  The Betty's Boob was AMAZING.  The waffle was scrumptious and the chicken skin was fabulous.  The meat itself was juicy, but not in the right way.  The interior meat was a little dry, but the outer meat was juicy.  But I'm nitpicking. We were told the Mac was amazing, and I will say as a Mac and Cheese aficionado, it was not good.  It was not creamy in any sense, and was definitely more Southern in style as it was Mac you could build with (thick).  Not the creamy type I have come to adore.  The Cheese Grits were gone in a matter of seconds. I LOVED them.We also ordered Red Velvet cake at the end, to see what all of the fuss was about and it was BAD.  The driest and least cocoa-y Red Velvet cake I have ever had.  The cream cheese icing is so cloyingly sweet, it almost hurt my teeth going in.  I would like to see their recipe include more oil/egg to give a more moist texture.  I will say I smelled Collard Greens walking buy me all morning and WISHED I had ordered them instead of my Mac.  I will DEFINITELY order them next time.Our waitress was AMAZING and when I walked away from my birthday present under the table, a nice guy came up and made sure I didn't leave without it.Normally from food alone, this would get a 3, but I want to try a BUNCH more sides that looked awesome, and the service was impeccable. :)
5	If you come to AZ you NEED to come to lo-lo's chicken and waffles. The best fried chicken and the best waffles. It also comes with cool aid. Only problem is that it is about a 1-2 hour wait.
5	Love the fried chicken!! It's cooked just right and with the tasty waffle with a hint of cinnamon mmmmm. I always get the Betty Boob with some kool-aid and today it's grape flavor. Not only is the food amazing but the employees are courteous and friendly.  Can't wait for their Gilbert location to open up, closer to home.
5	Found this place on Yelp and decided to give this place a try. I tried the chicken fried steak and it was awesome. My sides were mac & cheese and waffle. Both were delicious. Amazing thing was they offered Kool Aid, several flavors. Have never had that at a restaurant, just as a kid at home. Overall this place was great and friendly.
4	Great service - thanks Jamal & AJ! Great atmosphere and love the 90s & 2000s hip hop music!!! Waffle was good, fried chic was very good, corn bread muffin was huge but could be a touch sweeter and it was a little dry, and the sweet tea is definitely southern sweet! The greens were spicy!! Overall enjoyed it!
5	By far the best chicken and waffles I've ever had. The Kool-aid in a mason jar and fried pickles appetizer really made it a unique and tasty dinner.
5	Best chicken in town!! Great decor and service was excellent!!!
5	I went with the idea of trying everything I could and trying not to compare it with Sylvia's in Harlem or any place on New Orleans. Well imagine my surprise when Lolo's in Phoenix, AZ wins BY A HUGE MARGIN!!! No comparison!! Food, quick service, friendliness of staff, and CLEAN! My OCD didn't kick in at all? Don't let the outside appearance or area scare you off. It is beautiful and rustic inside and just an overall great place to eat!!! I WILL be back!
5	Ok- chicken and waffles may sound wierd, but so did chocolate and peanut butter before you tried it......MY girl and i went there on 7/5/14 and have been a few times before.  Seriously, i dont even like fried chicken and there's is AMAZING ! Not greasy, the outside is delicious, tender inside, juicy and the waffles are simply perfect.  Threw down some cheesy grits, too. I have wanted to order other things off the menu, but the chicken and waffles is so good, i cant deviate from it.  Plus, they are super efficient and organized.Service is very, very good.  It will be busy when you go, so expect a wait.  But they move people in and out effectively and the place is immaculate.  Probably one of the cleanest restaurants ever.
3	Had lunch there today, 40 min wait but then they offered up the patio right away. Wasn't too unbearable with the misters. Got our dranks quickly, however due to me ordering a cheeseburger the food delivery took about 40 minutes.Food was good, not to die for though. Won't order the Mac and cheese again.Wife ordered chicken and waffle.  Said was good, likes the thin waffles. Ordered the red velvet cake for myself, not impressed. Maybe it wasn't made recently, very dry. Definitely not as good as Grandma made it.We'd probably go back again, but not right away.
3	Finally had the chance to try lolos chicken and waffles this past sunday! I have mixed feelings about this place. 1. The chicken and waffles were yummy! 2. The wait when ordering a burger is ridiculous.  We waited about 40 minutes for our food to come out just because my husband ordered a burger.3. We spend $11 on dessert to go (red velvet & banana pudding), both were extremely dry. The pictures totally gave us false hope. I seriously think the desserts were a week old at least. 4. The mac and cheese was okay, nothing special. I would return but it's not a place I would go out of my way for.P.s ~ be prepared to wait 30-40 minutes for a table on a sunday afternoon.
5	This is one of my favorite places!! They have the best chicken and waffles you will ever eat!! And really good corn bread
2	You have got to be kidding me, $14 for a chicken breast, small at that, two wings and two sides! This was our second visit to Lo Lo's, the first being in the old location behind the parking lot, I don't think we will have a third visit, too costly for what you get and the quality of the chicken. The sides are good enough but I demand better value for my money.
4	Such a fun place!!! Food is delicious. Bottom line. Make sure to share sides so you get to try them all! Drinks are sugar filled in giant mason jars and chicken is juicy. Love the atmosphere and very worth the wait!
4	I.had the lolo plate.fried.chicken and.waffles with koolaid.it was good oh and.a side corn.bread,waffles tastes good chickn is good and.the  corn bread isnt.dry. waitresses were very pretty and polite.family liked the.music.they play, good atmosphere.ill be back to try.their other dishes.nothing bad to say about LoLo's
2	Service is okay. Mac n cheese sucked, noodles were mushy and it was chalky. The Catfish was bland. The chicken and gravy was good, and the Kool aid in the jars was kinda cool and unique. Overall, disappointed.
5	This place was worth the hype.  Excellent chicken and waffles.  Quick friendly staff.  My pink drank was always full and my server  Charrae asked several times if we were ok.
5	Best Gizzards I've had since I was a kid. Delicious.  Our server was awesome too. Thanks Brad!!
4	Its good, but not so good that I would make it a main stay in my restaurant experience.  I got the chicken and waffles (obviously) and the purple drank... Also got the banana pudding.  It was all good, but not mind blowing. Loved the atmosphere though and the staff are a delight.  It is a place that you have to check out, but obviously not the most healthy place in the world!
2	I've worked downtown for years now and have always heard about this place. We went during lunch time and there was only valet parking, no regular parking which I thought was odd. You can park on the side street which we did but only after we waited on the single valet to park 2 cars that were blocking us. He was working hard but he was just the only valet there. Free but of course you gotta tip the guy. The chicken tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a bit or just wasn't made corrently. The homemade hot sauce is amazing. Like most down home fried chicken places they're a little expensive. We put in a order for the three of us to go and is was almost $50. Just standard 3 pc meals, not their most expensive plate options. This place is always packed and people rave about it so I don't want to say never go there but my individual visit wasn't what I hoped for. I may give it another shot because I love good home style friend chicken and hot sauce. Waffles were excellent though!
5	Amazing dinner amazing service. Joseph was a great server the banana pudding was a great dessert to finish off our celebration.
5	I've heard that Lo-Lo's was the best chicken and waffles around and this place totally lived up to all the talk. Waited to get seated for 40 minutes but it was worth the wait. They were super busy but the servers were very attentive and friendly. As for the food, the chicken was packed with flavor along with being juicy. I didn't want to stop eating. I would definitely come back.
4	My first Lolo's experience last night. The place is cute and clean with ample parking in back or nearby. For a Monday night, it was pretty busy with families and two-tops. I was most impressed by the service, everyone was so friendly, ready to offer recommendations and patient when we couldn't pick what to have!  The chicken is wonderful, whether in a salad or off the bone, fries were good and the cornbread was sweet and tasty.   Portions are big, I spent a lot of time goggling at what others had ordered and wondering if they would finish it all.  Very nice experience, will come back again.
3	Place is good, but could be better. It looks as if a corporation has taken over with their recent expansion and remodeling, including an opening at sky harbor.  The wait is crazy now, and the side dish portions have shrunken in size but not price. $3.50 for a half cup of green beans and $4.00 for one skinny waffle seems a bit much, but hey, people are coming in droves and paying, so I guess the price is right until a competitor steps up.
1	I came in here on a friday night late. There was a few people eating and they had a DJ. This was my second time here. I ordered the 3 piece chicken and two sides, cornbread for $14, and paid $2 to upgrade to two chicken breasts. I placed my order and was excited to have some good fried chicken. The waitress left and 3 mins later she set my meal on the table. This did not make me happy, I wanted to wait, 10, 20, even up to 30 mins for my fried chicken. Not 3 mins, because I knew the chicken would not be fresh out of the fryer, and it wasn't. It was old, not juicy, and almost cold. I was like Im never coming back to this place. I ate the entire meal, because I was paying $16 dollars for it. The side items, collard greens and Mac and cheese were very good. The cornbread was excellent. The manager walked by me several times, but never asked how my meal was. So I paid my $24, with tax and tip and Grape Kool aid and left, never to return. Lo Lo's you can't charge $16 for chicken that has been sitting around and expect your customers to come back.
1	Ok.. So I had to call one of my African American friends and ask him "What the HELL is so goddam special about Lo-Los?!!" To which he Literally laughed out loud and said "NOTHING!!"I knew he would have been and have some type of input. He had, and he did. No! I am not racist or stereotyping anyone! I know he loves Fried chicken and would give me an honest opinion.  He and I both unanimously decided that this place SUCKS. He told me "you should have called me from the parking lot, I would have saved you a bunch of time and aggravation." This is definitely one of those cases in which you should NEVER believe the hype.  Over priced. $3 for KOOL AID! (Anybody that orders Kool aid for $3... I have some real estate I want to discuss with you) $16 for dry flavorless chicken and cinnamon waffles. Gimme a break. I can get an entire family meal of chicken at KFC for less than that! And the KFC actually is juicy and has flavor!The fried chicken is flavorless. Seriously. Its like flour and a dash of salt. Thats it. NO seasonings at all. They talk about passing down recipes for generations and generation...? WHaaaaaa?  I wonder if while the recipe was being passed down, they deleted the spices to save money on the overpriced food they are selling to us bamboozled people out there... It honestly tastes like fried chicken from a Lubys cafeteria thats specifically cooked to cater to the older folks on restricted diets. The waffles were yummy. I will give em that. Cornbread was dry. It took over 30 minutes to get a burger. The rest of the meal came out in parts. They forgot some of it altogether till we asked for it. This place sucks. Seriously. Its much to do about NOTHING. I recommend a name change. Lo-Lo's Hi-Hi. Low low quality and high high prices.
4	First attempt to eat at LoLo's (on a Sat afternoon) was a fail.  Groups of peops were waiting outside, and because I don't like standing around looking hopeful we left and made another date -- this time during the week.  There was no line, but the place was still full!  We asked for a booth and within 5-7 mins one was cleaned off then we were seated.  I immediately liked the high ceiling and covered patio with some cushioned seating.  They really want you to settle in while enjoying your meal.I also noticed there were many employees.  At one time we counted six on the floor.  I don't know how many more were in the kitchen. They all seemed quite friendly and I didn't see any bad attitudes in the young staff (a sign of good training and employee ethics).  The food was not incredible.  I might have a different review if I liked chicken and waffles, but I don't so I opted for the salmon croquette.  On a scale of 1-10 with 10 being fabulous, I'll give the salmon croquette a 3.  Sorry, but all I tasted was egg.  There was hardly any salmon and I won't be ordering that again.  Ever.  For veggies, the greens were delicious.  We ordered seconds.  They were not overcooked and had no meat flavoring. A+ The sweet potatoes were wonderful too.I wasn't a fan of the cornbread muffin, it was too much flour and not enough corn.  For some folks though, that's how they like their cornbread.  If you're watching your cholesterol, though, better tell them to hold the butter or else you'll end up with a whopping scoop of the yellow stuff right on top.Despite having said all this, I'm glad to hear of LoLo's expansion.  It could easily be like any other food chain that americans eat at everyday.  Go 'head wit'cha bad self, LoLo's, get your american dream!
5	Awesome place to eat. Great food and a friendly environment. Some of the best fried chicken I've ever eaten.
3	I've ate at both locations, the food is usually good, some times they are bit off and the chicken seems tough. Red Velvet cake is great, sweet tea is just like down south, and the waffles are delicious!Both locations are always crowded so get there early and come hungry!
3	Third times a Charm- This was the third time I attempted to try Lo Lo's. The first two times: It was before the new building and  was located in a tiny house with a Long  line and no parking. Second, pretty much the same story. Today- Finally made it in. Ill start with this. Valet parking only. It's free ( But you have to tip, so not really free)   Always a wait- we went before lunch but after breakfast so the wait was only 10 mins. I've been to Roscoe's in Long Beach so I really didn't have a burning desire to wait that long. There are tons of restaurants in Phx- IMO I have never eaten at one that was worth a huge long time wait.    The staff was friendly. Waiter very nice. We had already looked at the menu online so we were ready to order. Food took awhile but they were busy so we expected as much, no problem.I ordered the chicken tenders with two sides- dirty rice and fries. Dirty rice wasn't on the menu anymore but I asked and they had it. Delish.My hubby ordered KK. We both liked everything we ordered. I feel they are a little pricey, but not overly. And everything tasted good so we would consider going back in the future.If my husband was writing this he would give 5 stars- he loved everything about LoLo's.
5	Again...I'm leaving beyond satisfied...I just love the expertise in this place. Our waiter, Jaqwan, was amazing....Aahhhhhhhhh....
4	Love Love Love this place! Food and service is always A1. My only complaint is the KoolAid is way OVERPRICED!!!!
5	We don't have roscoes c&w in phoenix.  We have lolos which even has a location at sky harbor. It is impossible to please everyone. So dont expect excellent customer service there are waaay too many people packed up in here Lol. Most importantly it is worth the wait for great food.
5	Everything was DELICIOUS!! Employes are all soo nice! Very enjoyable place to eat and cool building.
3	For a 1st timer I wanted to be honest but I hope to return to a better experience.Parking was tight. It was raining & waiting area was small & in the way of receptionist desk. We were told to move aside but there was nowhere to move. Wait staff were energetic & friendly. Very helpful with chosen the right meal! Lemonade was delish! Next time I will try it mixed with Koolade. Wait was ok for lunch time. One of 3 plates came & we were told tables were put in wrong order so other 2 plates would take a few min. Chicken wasn't too flavorful but was perfectly cooked & juicy! Tasted great with the ranch. Waffle was tasty & crispy but soft inside! Food was hot. Plate was more than enough. Atmosphere was well spaced & not too busy on walls which I like. Will return! If not for mix up of tables & awkward wait area would've gotten 4 stars.
4	Love this place.  Always have a good meal.   I always get the Betty boop with a side of cheesy grits.  This is the only place that I will eat the grits.  My only complaint is that they close at 4pm on Sunday.
5	OMG!!! I arrived in Arizona after a 5 hour flight from Washington, DC and my family took me to Lo-Lo's.  The food was excellent and the Kool-aid ON POINT!!! Our waitress had a great personality and the atmosphere in the restaurant was just great.  I definitely want to go here again before I leave to head back east!!! #MOSTGO
2	Fist and last time LoLo's will get another dime of my hard earned money !! The food was good (I'll give them that-1 star) and our waiter "Carlos" did his absolute best to improve our experience (2nd star). The problem with this establishment is the Management: If that's what you call standing around in the parking lot talking to people and doing absolutely nothing to help your staff on a busy Saturday night. This gentleman must be related to someone because a Manger he is not !! What I was even more surprised  to find was that when I went through a few more reviews that most of the negative comments were regarding the Manager and to date nothing seems like it has changed !!So here was my 1st experience:1). No reservations, there were 6 of us (45 min. wait).2). Oder taken within 15-20 min.3). Food took another 30 min to come and came out one plate @ a time (one plate came out, then 10 min. later another and so on) until they got to the last plate which took another 30 min to come out ( I like to Yelp, good and bad so yes I was looking @ the clock: In disbelief and to give an accurate review). So at this point we have been there almost 3 hours and keep in mind the orders were pretty basic: Fried Chicken, greens, mac & cheese, Fried Catfish, green beans and yams (most of what should be already in a pot-the only thing you need to do is season and fry the meat).4). We asked for a Manager, no manager came -twice.5). A server's chicken flew off the plate onto the floor, no Manager (next to us).6). A server was cleaning off a table and dropped the plates, no Manger (next to us)7) We finally stopped a bald gentleman with gold wire framed glasses who said he was the Manger (because the one we requested never came). We relayed our experience and the fact that by this time our guest was so upset that her food had taken so long (the last plate) that she couldn't even eat it. The Manager's response "This is not the way we do business but we don't comp meals" no eye contact but he repeated it twice like from memory (did I mention our bill was over $100.00). The Chicken dinner was $14 and It was not about the money it was about the Customer Service (but a trained and educated Manager would have known this) !8). In comes Carlos (the Waiter), who we let know it was obvious he had no Management support and we knew he was doing his best. Again he was apologetic and sincere and even took $7 off of the bill (it was still over $100 for Fried Chicken and Cat Fish).***So if you want to wait along time to be seated and even longer for your food, be ignored by Management (who could care less if you have a good experience or not) and pay over $100 for some pretty good chicken and fish - This is the place for you !!Otherwise spend your money somewhere else where they "Thank you for coming" !
5	Great food wait times can get long. You can not call ahead and all of your party must be present before they seat you. The good is worth the wait time and the waitresses are awesome!
1	I was disappointed by the lack of customer service at Lo Los.  Me and a friend waited like 15 minutes to be seated which wasn't bad. 10 minutes after being seated we were told by the waitress that she would be right with us. 5 minutes later she comes to take our drink order. 10 minutes later we order our food. 10-15 minutes after the waitress comes to say there are no greens which totally messed up the whole meal. We ask for the manager. Carlos comes over and says it would be 15 minutes for greens and there won't be a problem.  Carlos then comes right back and says it will be an hour for greens. No apology no type of compensation for the huge issue. So we suggest a complimentary margarita in the meantime and Carlos looks at us crazy and says "on the house" like it was an unimaginable request.  After he dismisses the suggestion he  tries to sweet talk us into string beans. We agree. 25 minutes later we notice two tables seated AFTER us and one has greens. We then call Carlos over and tell him what we have recognized and he argues with us saying we haven't been there an hour because the waitress put the order in 25 minutes ago and it was placed after the two tables that arrived after us. Needless to say they lost two customers today.
2	I got the DD...was too much food for me. Should have just gotten the Betty Boop. The waffle was amazing and the best part of my meal. Sad to say but my chicken breast was really dry (one star lost). I didn't like it at all. Frys food store has more juicy and flavorful fried chicken. I would go back but only to have the waffle and maybe try some other items and hope for better service. I also didn't like how loud the music was. I couldn't hear the people in my party and we were shouting trying to talk to each other (second star lost). It did give me a headache. I also felt the metal chairs were uncomfortable so I stole a regular wood one from the table next over. Lastly, the service wasn't very great. Always trying to find someone to get a refill for us and when they did it would take 10+ minutes (3rd star lost).
2	Lo-Lo's in Scottsdale:  Wasn't happy with my first experience of Lo-Lo's.  The service was ok, chicken was dry, and grits were a congealed mass.  All of my food was luke-warm.  I'm not sure if I'll give them a second chance.
3	I love this place but hate thier hostesses. The stupid rule about seating complete parties is taken too far. I tried to explain that we might have a 3rd person show up but was unsure if they could make it. I had to either choose a table for 2 and if the other showed up they could not join us or get a table for 3 and wait for that person.
4	In search of authentic chicken and waffles I stumble upon LoLo's. The waffles were outstanding, the chicken was amazing and my two friends and I hardly spoke a word as we devoured each bite. The place was clean and the service was warm and friendly. Do yourself a favor and check it out. I know I will again.
5	Best fried chicken best everything is consistent and hot and fresh ! Love the okra sweet tea kool aid candy sweets  Mac and cheese so yummy
5	This is one of the best chicken and waffles place that I've had (comparison to Gladys Knight's Chicken and Waffles in Atlanta and Rosco's in Los Angeles, only beaten out by a hole in the wall that I had in Atlanta).      Chicken had a great crust, moist but not dry.   Waffles were excellent.    Sides was the downer if I could pick out something.   I had the cornbread and it was a bit dry for me (I like the moist, honey version) and the greens weren't that spicy.    All of these were very, very minor the excellent food and service I had.   Top 2 Chicken and Waffles places I've had in the world. Famous for: Chicken and Waffles
4	Loved the Food! Chicken was very tasty, waffles tasted delicious and Catfish was the best.
1	I took my cousin from Pasadena to the Scottsdale location and the service was horrible! I had to keep asking the waitrss for things and finally she just stopped coming to our table. Yes I understand they were busy ( Full of white people ) and they had to focus on the other guest but what about us? My cousin asked for the waffles with the whipped cream and strawberries and the waitress asked if she was sure? I assume she asked cause my cousin is overweight !! We got the meal without the cream and strawberries and took the hint. We paid and left and will NEVER RETURN!!
5	This is one of my go to places to feel great about myself. I work by the Scottsdale location but have fallen in love with the downtown Phoenix location. The people there are so great and combined with yummy food you can't help but feel good when you leave. I always am tempted by the specials but keep going back to the #8. Try it out if you get a chance. You won't be disappointed.
5	My favorite Chicken & Waffles spot. I have actually intentionally took a layover in PHX on my way to the West-coast and take a cab with Luggage just to enjoy there inviting hospitality, Food and KoolAid in a Mason jar on tap!!! And now I get word that there's one in the PHX Airport... I'll be there soon.
5	We've been fans of Lolo's for years and just stopped by again today for lunch. Seriously great food. We had a chicken and waffle plate, and a catfish and red beans meal. Everything was wonderful, including the service. It might strike you as a little pricey, but they give you plenty of food (the corn bread muffins are a meal in themselves). Always a long wait but totally worth it.
3	This is my first time coming back to Lo-Lo's since it's been renovated. I really liked the grungy, homey, non-corporate feeling of the smaller location. The food seems to be about the same but the ambiance changed it all.
5	Amazing! Most people do the Scottsdale location, but you really need to check out this original location ( the 1st LoLo's) and see how it all started. For some reason I think the food taste better here.Update the 1st local is no more but has been relocated to a new building just a few doors down the street. Also there is now a location inside Terminal 4 at Sky Harbor Airport.
5	Smack your mama good food. Found this place by accident and it was the best accident of the year. Their service isn't great, but the food.is so good you won't notice.
5	Our FIRST visit for lunch.  Had a WONDERFUL time.  Greeted at the front door by the manager.  When we sat down, AJ, our server, energetically pointed out all the fantastic food on the menu.  I got the veggie plate with Smothered potatoes, Spicy green beans, fried okra, and mac and cheese.  Was so much, had to take most of it home.  Cornbread was huge with a mound of butter on the top.My lunch partners got the fried chicken salad which was great with candied walnuts and avocado.  Another got the Chicken Tender basket.The food was incredibly hot, fresh, and delicious.  Service was prompt, friendly, and highly attendant.  These folks KNOW how to do it right.  A friendly and welcoming environment.  We will bring our friends and come back soon.
1	Today, I was very disappointed by the rude reception I received at the Central Phoenix location.   This employee brought it to my attention in a very harsh and annoying way that I used the wrong door.  I had read reviews about the Scottsdale location.  Customer Service is not favorable.  I will never spend money here again.
3	If you're like me from Los Angeles & looking for a replacement for Roscoes then this is NOT the place. I wish they would just call it LoLo's & not get my hopes up. The food was decent nothing special. Good size portions & our server was wonderful!  Maybe we came on a bad day cuz our eggs were way overdone & potatoes under done. I wish the waffles were crispier but now I'm just being picky.  The chicken was decent but seriously nothing compare to Roscoes so that's my mistake for thinking anything could. I may go back & try their lunch or dinner & see how that tastes. Complimentary valet at the front was great & they give you a cold water on the way out.
4	My husband is from the south and is very particular about his fried chicken.  He loved it!!  The staff is super friendly and I really love the fried green tomatoes.  I can't wait until the Gilbert location opens.
4	Lolo's Chicken & Waffles!! Where do we start. We had a large party (12 to be exact) and everything turned out great. Seating policy is that everyone in the party must be present before the party is sat, so even if certain people come early to reserve seating, you won't be put on the list until everyone arrives. Cannot remember our servers name but she was fabulous. Did a great job. Ordered #4 with two waffles and two chicken and it was awesome !! However, the best part of the meal was the sweet tea. If I could come here everyday for that sweet tea I would. (This is not an exaggeration. That tea was brought here by the tea gods themselves) Highly recommend!
2	The building is adorable, brick wall warehouse feel. Complimentary valet is also nice. OH & they gave me my beer in a paper bag, hood style, which was pretty cool.As far as the food, I should have just ordered appetizers because my meal was horrible!Appetizers included fried pickles, fried green tomatoes, & fried corn fritters. All of which were delicious.I ordered the veggie plate which was just a ton of bland food.Service was slow, our orders were wrong, and overall the food is nothing special but very overpriced.I don't think I'll ever go back.
5	I just experienced this restaurant for the first time tonight and I have to say I was very skeptical at first.  Chicken and waffles couldn't possibly go well on the same plate..  But it was amazing!  Delicious!  And the employees were all very fast and efficient.  Every person greeted us with a smile and I left with absolutely no negative thoughts. I'm going to recommend this restaurant to everyone!
5	I heard about this restaurant and had to try it.  Did not disappoint.  The parking lot was full and there was a wait to eat on a Monday at 2:00.  It was worth it!  Unbelievable fried chicken, waffles were amazing & the sides..,,WOW!  My husband went back the next time he was in town and brought home food to eat family style for the rest of us.  No leftovers.
5	Food was excellent as always. Chicken was seasoned to perfection and waffles were fresh and hot. Worth the wait
3	Went to Lo-Lo's for lunch to try the Phoenix version of chicken and waffles. I ordered the Toy Toy and added 2 wings to the meal. I'm actually glad that I ordered 2 additional wings because my wings seemed pretty small to me. I have had chicken and waffles from the east all the way to the west and these were just ok to me. I would certainly go back and try other dishes and encourage all who have never been to check them out. The lemonade happened to be my favorite part this time around with the perfect blend of lemons and brown sugar.
2	Came to Lolos Sunday morning. First time coming here I expected great service and amazing food. Service was really poor and the wait was super long not only did they take about 30+ min to sit us our food took over 40 min to come out after ordered, not once did we get an apology!! As for the food it was ok! Coming from working in a restaurant environment customer service should def be a top priority.
5	The food was amazing! The chicken is amazing, the warm maple syrup and the various southern side dishes are all wonderful. Jake an was our server and he was incredibly attentive, personable and knowledgable. Definitely will be back soon!!
3	The biscuits and gravy are very good. Greeter was friendly to us and we didn't wait long to be seated at lunch. The food took a while coming out.  The new location is much more spacious and very nicely decorated in that southern style. I would give them 4 stars if service was a bit faster and if our waiter checked on us more and was friendlier. Overall, cool place to eat.
4	Great atmosphere, great service, good food and one of the best Bread Puddings this side of the Delta.
3	Food was great as usual.  Love the new building.  However, the chairs are probably the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever sat in and the music was way too loud.  I don't like shouting at my dinner companions to be heard.  Get better chairs and turn it down during dinner time, please.  If it's going to remain that loud, I'll just get my food to go.
1	My wife ate at LoLo's, brought home a dinner for me, chicken dinner. The chicken was dry and over cooked, no taste.  This dinner is not cheap, for the money, not worth it.
1	I don't yelp I've never felt the need to but something this amazing I want to share. Celebrating a birthday and return from the army with my family we decided to go here...whenever my sister is on leave from the army we always go at least once before she reports back. Anyway this is not important what is is the fact that the collard greens were on point today so amazing so good slightly spicier than normal but amazing nonetheless. The catfish out of this world it was crunchy it wasn't murky absolutely perfect! Also important to the story you should know that I literally get paid to taste it is my job I'm a chef. Now here's what happened...I ordered the fried chicken and waffles for my children I tasted a piece of chicken because I noticed that they were not eating it and it tasted like peanut butter. Keep in mind that I am at a table with three adults and three children with one more adult also a chef on the way to join us. Working in the industry I called over my server and I mentioned it to him he went to the manager which is what you're supposed to do they tasted a different piece of chicken and proceeded to come and literally disrespect me in front of my whole family. The general manager told me that not only were my taste buds wrong but I should eat less peanut butter. Seriously eat less peanut butter? Now I sat there shocked but I told him the other adults also tasted the same thing he said they were wrong. Then the manager accuses me of actively looking for something to complain of in my meal to get free things. Keep in mind I didn't even order the chicken which he then mocked me for eating my kids food. I had catfish which I ate all of and it was amazing. Also keep in mind that I still proceeded to spend more money on a dessert and drinks but they decided to freeze out our whole table and we sat and waited for 25 minutes for our bill nobody came. When our other guests came to join no one came to take his order so he shared a water with me and ate the leftover food from the birthday girl. No one even acknowledged us we had to flag down another completely different server or maybe it was a busser to get our tab. I wish I would've recorded his response(manager) to me because it was that outlandish. So sadly my first yelp review ever is a terrible one.
4	Very friendly staff and joyful space. Definitely worth the experience, if you've never had chicken and waffles! The combo is delicious. They have other selections of food; Southern comfort food complete with Kool aid and sweet tea :)
2	Love Lolo's, but they slacked off this morning. Food was a little too greasy for no reason (the eggs and grits), and had to get a scraggler waiter or we wouldn't have got served.... Hit the new Scottsdale location
3	I liked this place.  The ambiance is nice and the service is superb.  The mojito was delicious and so was the waffles.  My daughter was excited by the red velvet pancakes.  The down side was price - SO EXPENSIVE!  An order of pancakes was $13!  I can't afford to frequent this place very often.
5	Love this place! The Scottsdale one has much larger chicken legs then the one on central unless it just happened to be a big chicken day. HAHA They just came out with a new menu and there are so many things I want to try but the Chicken and waffles are so darn good I end up getting those every time.  I have tried the sweet potatoes and they were really good too. Always too full for dessert but OMG they look good!Inexpensive pricing, fast service and they are open on Mondays too!
2	Not worth it at all! The greens are mediocre and the Mac and cheese is just sad!  I can do better at home!  I will say that the catfish was delicious but the fried chicken was just okay.  The service was SLOW!  I went on a weeknight and the restaurant wasn't that crowded so I don't know why it took so long for mediocre food.
5	Love this place!!! Excellent southern hospitality! Best sweet tea! Love the collards! And the chicken and waffles is pretty damn good too , j/k, is amazing!!! I get the Chicken Fried Chicken Combo almost every time though (deep fried boneless chicken breast smothered in sausage gravy) just add their house hot sauce and I'm in heaven!!! As a matter of fact, it's lunch time, and that's what I'm gonna get now!
4	If you do not care how clogged your arteries get and have Ok blood sugar then pig out....I would not call this a good Cajun restaurant but it is on the cusp of Cajun.  It is not expensive and a real Cajun would cost more....but health wise....don't do this too often....it is tasty and if you really need a guilt trip...this place will do it for you...kill yourself but not your children, please.
5	I've been a fan of LoLo's for years.  No one can match their chicken - absolutely delicious!  Waffles are amazing; thin, light with a hint of cinnamon.  Mac and cheese, red beans and rice are right on the money too!  I'm writing this review after having contracted with them to provide catering service for a wedding rehearsal dinner at my home.  Wasn't sure how it would all go, but the sales rep, Toyesha, helped me as I narrowed down my menu selections, and also advised that two of their staff members would be onsite to set up, make the waffles for the guests (so they were fresh, and not rubbery and cold), and help with service.  It was AMAZING, the staff were on time, friendly and helpful, the food was delicious, and we all had a great time.  Especially me, because I didn't have to cook or do dishes!Bravo to LoLo's!!!
4	Went here for the first time today and I have to say I'm ashamed of myself for having not been here sooner.The place is pretty big and has a great atmosphere! Our server was Steven and he had the most perfect voice! We got our drinks and I had to try the sweet tea. If you're a fan of southern sweet tea, then you will NOT be disappointed. I felt like I was in Georgia when I took that first sip. And they serve drinks in a giant Mason jar!We started off with their Stupid Fries and that was super delicious. I had their soul food platter where you can make your own plate. I had the 3 piece chicken with Mac and cheese and potato salad with a corn bread. It came to us hot and quick. The chicken was so flavorful and easy to get off the bone. Wasn't too impressed with the potato salad but omigosh the cornbread! Service was pretty good. The waiter took a while to come back to refill drinks. But other than that, I highly recommend coming here. Great for a casual date night, family night, or having a meal with some good friends. Can't go wrong with some good fried chicken and a big Mason jar of sweet tea!
5	I'm a Yankee that's so Yankee he roots for his hometown Yankees.  So take this for what it's worth.This place has the best fried chicken that I've ever had.  The prices are what they should be.  The waffles are good, and they'll make them crispy if you ask.I've been in here 5-10 times and they've never gotten anything wrong.  Solid 5 stars.Also I'm glad they stopped doing the valet.  Valet creeps me out.  I can park a car.  I've done it before.
5	Oh Dear Lord I know gluttony is a sin but this food was the bomb diggity. Mrs. White did a awesome job teaching her son to cook soul food. Everything was just like I remember when eating at Mrs. White's and I was not disappointed.  The kool-aid drinks were delicious and refreshing. Steven our server was amazing, kind and energetic.  I know I will be back to try other things off the menu and I can't wait.
5	My favorite place to eat when I come to phoenix. Banana pudding is to die for. Order the pecan waffles with your chicken. The gravy is out of this world. All the sides are fantastic!  This is mama's good ole home cooking comfort food.
5	LOVE THIS location!!! I came on a Friday afternoon and bought a desk correct away seeing that it wasn't very busy. The carrier was quick and everybody was tremendous friendly. I obtained the Lil Amadi with fries, and lemonade. Fowl was crispy and the WAFFLE was amazingly tasty. The menu made me snort. Contemplated on coming again.Very good southern fried hen and waffles.  Wait staff was robust and the sweet tea is out of this world good. The waffles remind me of Waffle apartment waffles, and that's a just right thing!  I had the bird tenders and also you could inform they have been breaded in the kitchen and no pre-frozen. My spouse had the bird and waffles and he or she particularly loved it!  Total, I particularly endorse this situation!
1	The hostess here is terrible. Still waiting for a solid hour for a table. We were told our name was called (not true as we were sitting on the couch near the door where the surly hostess emerges). When we inquired why we were being passed up for a table we were then graciously added to the bottom of the list. People were literally waiting 5 minutes for a table. Unbelievable.
5	I so love this place I can't come to Phoenix without hitting up Lo Lo's Chicken & Waffle!! The good is awesome how can you go wrong eating chicken with waffles you can't!! Everything on their menu is delicious from the shrimp & grits the traditional kool-aide served in mason jars you come once & you'll be hooked!!!The chicken is always deliciously fried never too greasy now the Kool-Aid can be a little bit sweet but I always have them add a little sierra mist to it that kind of dilutes it a little, Now for the cornbread it's all warm fluffy & buttery what more could one ask for.If you've never had shrimp and grits this is definitely the place to try it! Plump juicy seven jumbo shrimp spread over buttery creamy grits with bacon cheese,  Green onion I believe they also have a little bit of Tabasco or some type of seasoning that gives it a nice little kick! One of the best homegrown family restaurants I've ever eaten at from the small little house to three locations downtown on Central in Scottsdale and also located in the Phoenix airport anytime you visit Arizona especially Phoenix make sure you plan on making it a stop that you can't pass by go in and indulge in all of the deliciousness
2	I was really excited to try some fantastic soul food and the menu didn't disappoint  but almost everything else did. The wait time to get into the restaurant was reasonable and they do offer a nice outside lounge to wait at but it went downhill from there. Our table of five was placed in the COOP room. The acoustics of that room made it incredibly loud. The surfaces are all hard, the sound of the metal chairs scratching against the concrete reminds one of nails on chalkboard, but that's ok. It's part of the vibe. The AC was icy though, perhaps because we were under the vent. Our server was quick and pleasant and the drinks arrived promptly.We mainly ordered some variation of fried chicken and associated sides with one of our party ordering the shrimp and grits.  Forty-five minutes later (the magic of texting and time stamps) the food came. There was no unprompted check in to explain why the wait was so long. When the food arrived we were told it was the shrimp and grits, almost like it was our fault for ordering it. The taste of the food was OK. The shrimp and grits were hot but it seemed that the chicken had sat waiting for the last of the order to be completed. The waffle was warm and the corn muffins outstanding. The rice in the dirty rice was not fully cooked and the mac and cheese had congealed during the wait. I'm sure our experience would have been better had the food been hot and arrived more promptly or at least with some apology. It's always better to tell the truth and say we're sorry we forgot to make an item on your ticket than to claim something like shrimp and grits takes 45 minutes to prepare.
5	I love the atmosphere lovevthe food, portion was great and very crowded,  little too small for the amount of people and the wait is crazy but so worth it, recommended to anyone that want a piece of history.
5	I have been to this location several times. Love everything I have ever eaten here. They have recently revamped the breakfast menu and I like the new choices. Only thing I don't like is the mandatory valet parking, not the Ritz Carlton people!
5	This was the first time coming back to this location in years! I love the comfort food here and can't get enough of it! They have remodeled and looks even better. The big pain about this location last time was the parking, but it got better because there is a lot of self parking spots and they even have a complimentary valet service! I chose to valet the car of course. Too lazy to walk, lol. It was steady and busy for a Sunday. The wait was about 30 minutes. Walking in though it was like a whole new atmosphere. The place was bigger than last time I seen it, so there was ample room. We got seated in the booth. I forgot who was our waiter, shame on me, but they were very pleasant and nice. We all ordered the smothered chicken and man it was DELICIOUS. It definitely hit the spot. The chicken even though it was smothered with the creamy gravy and onions still had a little crunch to it which was good still. I added some hot sauce to it and it just made this plate to die for.Waffles were hot and fresh. Poured some syrup all over it and I couldn't ask for anything more. Finished off all of the chicken, some of the gravy even made its way onto the waffles, but that didn't even matter because whatever was on that plate was just the right kind of balance of sweet and saltiness together. It definitely made my Sunday! OVERALL, with the new look and excellent staff, I enjoyed every minute of it. I think its nice that it was a valet for its customers because of how parking is in Phoenix. Their staff is amazing. Very courteous, polite, and exceptional. The food, BEYOND AMAZING and I will make sure I come back.. maybe even this Sunday again!
4	Great food. They keep it simple here by not allowing for substitutions. You just pick a number on the menu that matches what you want. Pretty much anything you order is delicious. This used to be a little hole in the wall but they re-did it - expanding the space and making it more modern looking. If you love chicken and waffles and basically comfort food, then this is the spot. It's busy at lunch time.  Each time there has been a good experience.
5	This place NEVER disappoints. I've been here numerous times during the my 7 months of living in the Valley. Great service ALL the time.I'm from the South and this is where I go to get my soulfood fix when I don't cook lol. The fried chicken is always fresh (I order the two drumsticks and waffle combo) and flavorful. Trust me, I am the type of person who only ate fried chicken from my mom's kitchen. The kool-aid brings me back to childhood and the waffle is always made just right...golden brown and not over done.  :-) The only thing keeping me from going more are calories lol.
3	TERRIBLE service. We waited 45 minutes for our food. The waitresses never even came back to explain the long wait.  No 2nd cup of coffee as requested.  We were lucky to get a 4th set of silverware since we had to ask 3 times. Waitress rested her elbows on our table while talking as though she was exhausted. People at table next to us were informed they were out of eggs after a 1/2 hour wait. The food was good once it finally came but how do you recover from waiting 45 minutes?????
5	Great service! Great food! First time having chicken and waffles during the same meal. The waffles are super uber mouthwatering delicious. Waffles are crunchy and soft all in one. The chicken was crispy and very flavorful just how I like it! Not only was the experience amazing, but the atmosphere was great. Great music playing but also not too loud, which was great for my brunch date and I. Not only was all this amazing but also had valet parking. So many thumbs up for this place!
4	This meets my chicken and waffles expectation.  Large portions. Tasty corn fritter appetizer. Reasonably priced dishes and excellent customer service.
5	This place is great!! It was 5 of us and we were ALL very pleased with service and specially the food, Mmmm southern chicken, 1 waffle, a side of southern potatoes with gravy, and a corn bread muffin..  Everything cooked to perfection.. Definitely coming back..  Thanks Lo-Lo's Great job!!!
2	2 stars for the food that was good, ZERO stars for the horrible service.  I don't mind waiting for a table, but when you're eventually sat you shouldnt wait 20 minutes to be greeted by a server.  Never saw the server again after the order was taken until we flagged him down to pay.  No managers table touching, couldn't even find someone to ask for extra silverware.  Food was good though, it's a shame that the service was horrendous!  They need server training 101.
1	Pretty unbelievable treatment.I was blown away at the snarky and down right RUDE attitude of one of the employees, possibly the manager.   I had supported Lo Lo's as a local business for years, even before they went all corporate.Well this visit was quite different.  I kindly asked this man, who may have been the manager, to turn please turn down the TV volume.  Immediately he told me "take your phone and go outside".  I said it had nothing to do with my phone, and that he had quite an attitude towards a customer. He then continued to tell me why he was NOT going to turn it down.  I cannot and will not support a business that treats it's paying customer with such disrespect.  He obviously has some chip on his shoulder.  Not to mention that the food is grossly over priced now that they are a franchise type entity.  $12 for a ham omelette.  I can go to the 5nDiner and get better food and better service at a cheaper price.
5	Delicious classic chicken and waffles, good biscuits and gravy, supremely nice wait staff.  The chicken basically falls right off the bone.  My Belgian girlfriend approved of the waffles, so they win all the way around.I would not advise coming here on a diet.
4	Friends took me last night and we waited about 15 minutes even though we were told 30 minutes. Everyone was so nice especially our waitress. Dj was playing music which I enjoyed, but not too loud that you cannot here your conversation. Games on TV for those keeping eye on scores. Food:  We ordered fried green tomatoes, fried chicken, waffles, salmon patties, collards, green beans and cornbread.  Everything was hot and delicious along with a melon margarita.Thanks to my friends for introducing me to Lo Lo's I will be back soon.
3	Met with friends from work today and it was my first visit to this restaurant. Parking is nearly impossible and their entire parking lot is valet...so you'll need to park on the surrounding streets, or pay. The restaurant was really busy when we were there and the food took a little while, but not a big deal. I had the omelette and it was huge!! It was really good and I took most of our home and easily have another couple meals with it. When it came time to go, we asked for a refill and was told that they weren't free. Seriously?! I can't remember being in a place that didn't offer free refills. Overall the staff was alright, but I actually like the atmosphere at Mrs. White's a lot better and everybody is really friendly.
1	I hate to say it, but I am finally done with Lo-Lo's. The first time I ever went there it was wonderful. It was in this small house and the atmosphere and food was amazing with wonderful service. Then they moved.I work pretty close so one time a coworker and I called in a lunch take-out order. From my prior experience of them being so busy I called well ahead of time to ensure it would be ready when I got there. It wasn't. I waited an extra half an hour and was told it was my fault because I called so early. Rude.Regardless, the food was amazing and I wasn't going to let that ruin a restaurant for me. Went there once more with my boyfriend and had great food and great service. A few more times had take-out and they were all a success. Then my boyfriend and I took two of our friends there for a greasy hangover breakfast since they had never been there before. We were told the wait would be 40 mins. After an hour my boyfriend asked what had happened and they told us we missed it when we were called. Annoying but hey, maybe it was our fault and we sat back down expecting to be first in line. The hostess then came out and seated a group of like six who had gotten there way after us. Annoyed and STARVING we gave up and left. And I looked over at the hostess just livid and she looked right back at me with this smug look on her face.Today was definitely the last straw. We ordered take-out and apparently they no longer accept payment upon arrival. You have to pay with a card up front. Thankfully I work at a bank and have an ATM on campus so I could deposit the cash into my account for the $70 order we made. They said we needed the card and ID to pick up the order and I told her I was sending someone else to pick it up, the girl on the phone told me she would make an exception as long as he had those two items. And of course they told my coworker when he got there they can't do that but luckily gave him the food. The chicken was dry and tiny and the waffles were super thin. I'm just over it. Now that Welcome Chicken and Donuts opened I'll just go there instead. They always have good service and the chicken is amazing. I'm sad that such a Phoenix staple has gone so down hill.
5	Absolutely delicious, flawless chicken and waffles.  A must-try if you love fried chicken and/or waffles.One item of note though: coffee is $3.  Yes, three dollars.  It was fine, but I think I paid about six times what I would have paid at Starbucks.  So that seemed a bit high to me.  However, the food was delicious and well worth it.A very cool vibe, clean, bright, well-maintained with great photos and art all over the place.  Gospel music playing loud at 7AM on a Friday morning.  A great waitress.  A lot of fun.
3	Unfortunately, it's fallen a lot from what it used to be. We were up from Tucson last night and this was the first we'd been to the new building and probably the last.  The chicken was nothing like it used to be.  We made the mistake of coming late, so there was nothing but chicken and waffles available.  No catfish or greens.  They have drinks, but only from their short drink menu.  The old LoLo's was always worth a special trip, but sadly the new incarnation doesn't live up to expectations.
4	I've eaten here a couple of times and I really like this place. If you are not in the mood for chicken and waffles, don't worry. They have an extensive menu that is sure to please various taste buds, and you definitely get a good bang for your buck. I indulged in a nice country style meal (pic below) and was thoroughly satisfied. I didn't feel as if I had missed out on the chicken and waffles because my plate was so good. For dessert, if you like banana pudding, definitely give it a try. It tastes great and has a good ratio of bananas to cookies. On top of that, it's served in a mason jar! Service here is great. However, if you dine in on a Sunday afternoon, expect to wait...like at all good restaurants.
5	Love Lolos!!! Been here several times. I have a Georgia Peach cocktail and Bettys Boob. (Waffle and chicken breast)  i have also had the signature chicken sandwich (award winning) and the waffle sandwich which was delish. Cant go wrong here it seems with the menu, drinks and atmosphere. Hood dining at its finest as their motto says...
5	Great food that really touches the soul. Love the fried chicken with their hot sauce. The waffles are excellent. Must order the fried okra and cheese grits.
5	Omg the best chicken ever !!!!A little expensive but I guess you get what you pay for. It's southern fried chicken skin is amazingly flavored love the green beans and fried green tomatoes can't find those anyplace.guarantee you will love the chicken .
4	Since my last review, I've revisited this restaurant at their new location and the food is still great, plus they now have sufficient staff to handle a brisk business.  I recently had the fried catfish, with collard greens and candied sweets.  Being from the Texas, those collards were a welcome little bit of "south in my mouth."  The catfish was cooked to perfection and the wait was reasonable.  The wait staff is friendly and welcoming.  New location, new, more positive experience.
4	Mmmm mmmm!! That is some delicious, succulent chicken!I went to Lo-Lo's on a Monday night and it was packed; we were seated immediately in  a little room in the back called the chicken coop. Adorable!I had grape Kool Aid in a mason jar (giant jars) and probably much too sweet for me though. I also had the Lil Amadi (that may be misspelled) which was 2 pieces of wonderful chicken and a fluffy waffle. SO good.The chicken was no greasy at all. We also had potatoes, biscuits and cole slaw that we shared at our table.Service was slow, but completely understandable with every single table full.Great meal, servers were friendly and the prices were reasonable.The restaurant has a parking lot which was full but we found parking right on the side street next to the building.
5	Absolutely delicious food and ohh my goodness they have cool aid on tap. Say what!!!! Blue cool aid was awesome. When I come back to AZ I'm definetly stopping by.
2	Things will be fine if you only order chicken and waffles, nothing else on the menu seems to come out as expected. Management is lacking and service reflects the flaws in management. Decent place if you're ready for an unbalanced meal of tasty fried chicken and a giant eggo waffle.Things could be a lot better here if they had a different manager. I've only been a couple times but it was clear from the start.
