3	I'm rounding up on the star's, only because I'm feeling generous. Am a regular at this restaurant. It's close & reasonably priced given what's offered and I don't want to deal with strip restaurants. I've become a fan of their seasonal specials. I've found them well thought out and tasty. You need to me mindful, very few items are actually cooked/prepared from scratch. It's basically fried, broiled, grilled or microwaved from a bag. Most items are all ready pre-seasoned. This is a chain, the food servers hired are trained to give the same mantra and very often provide service based on your response to the manta. The secret to a "positive" experience is develop a relationship with one or two servers, Ask for them each time you visit, tip them accordingly. Otherwise you will end up with a food server who will treat you based on what he/she thinks they are going receive. With chain restaurants like these food servers are rated (shift wise) on many tables they can turn in a given time. The service is timed from the minute your order is turned, salad arrives,entree, etc. You have very little control, unless you speak up. Also keep in mind if the order presented is not to your liking or is lacking, don't' send it back only to be re-heated, order something new. It may take a bit of time, it will surely enhance your experience.
4	I give this Red Lobster an honest 4 stars because every time I go there I receive great customer service from the moment I enter until the moment I leave. However, I didn't give it five stars because the servers can be hit or miss. Don't get me wrong, the majority of the time we have excellent service from the wait staff but every now and then you get one that lacks equal attention among tables. I actually decided to open a Yelp account and start my own reviews because I felt the prior reviews where rather harsh. Yes, Red Lobster is a chain, but the food has always been delicious and the customer service still beats everything in the area. Trust me, I'm a local and unless you want to travel all the way to McCormick & Schmick's near Maryland and Flamingo, this is your best bet. I'd like to see a previous complainant tell me a better place nearby this location to go for some great tasting seafood.
2	One Word: Disappointment.It has been a while since I have been to Red Lobster. This was not my first time to this location, but perhaps over a year since i have dined at Red Lobster. I just remember the amazing cheddar bay biscuits they bring freshly baked to the table. It was the best part of the meal here, always. I could eat the whole basket right when they bring it out and sometimes I do and then get too full to eat an entree.The reason we chose Red Lobster for our early dinner was because there was an ad in the mail for $29.99 for 2 people to dine - 2 salads, 2 entrees, and choice of appetizer or desssert. As great as it sounded, I knew there would be a catch but we went anyways as I had been craving the biscuits. After waiting about 10 minutes to be seated, when it wasn't even busy... I was so disappointed with the deal. I knew the entees would be limited, but so were the desserts and appetizers, to only 3 choices of each. We also had a coupon with the ad that is $4 off two dinners, and the server said we could've used it with the $29.99 offer.But I really just wanted the biscuits and lobster nachos. So that's what we ended up doing, lobster nachos and shrimp scampi to share. Pictures will be posted. The first 3 bites of each item was great! But that was about it. Then the nachos were soggy and there wasn't much lobster, and then the scampi was filled with small shrimps, but after about 3 bites I felt sick.The server was very nice though. But I completely agree with the current rating of this restaurant, about 2.5 stars. Not worth the price for what you get. There's so many better quality or better value restaurants.I'll just have to learn to make the cheddar biscuits myself! Which, BTW, were not as good this time as I remembered...
2	No. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO.That's all I have to say about that.
4	Great dinner for 2. Valentines day special, the wife and I were very pleased with the service and food. Good cheap seafood for 2
2	Ummm wow.  I wrote a quick tip that said "who cares about a rating, the biscuits are the business!"... I was wrong! Let me explain why.First, the 3 hosts(why do you need 3 hosts?) told us that it would be a 15 minute wait. It turned into 30.  We didn't mind cuz all we can think about were the biscuits!  When we finally got seated it took a little while for our "seafood expert" to actually come and take our drink order, but that's cool cuz all we can think about were the biscuits!  We placed our order immediately an then we expressed to her that we love and want lots of biscuits, cuz all we can think about were the bicuits! She says "ok, there getting ready to pop out of the oven!" we wait patiently for them to "get out of the oven".  Our salad comes... no biscuits, our dinners come.. still NO biscuits! We ask the food runner if we can get some biscuits, he says "they're still cooking in the oven." Ummmm STILL NO BISCUITS! We seen several other tables get their biscuits as soon as they sat down.  I guess our waitress sucked ass, big time.  Red Lobster, your waitress, Porsche delivered the worst service in all history of waitressing, fire her ASAP!
4	Red lobster is so awesome. I get excited when my husband takes me out here. Really just for one reason which is kind of sad but I love the Sunrise Pina Colada drink. Its sooo freaking yummy! :) I've ordered the wood fired salmon, snow crab legs and garlic butter shrimp. Decently priced for seafood.
4	WOW. $15 four course meals(current promo)I ordered 1. Potato bacon soup, 2. Caesar salad, 3. Coconut habanero shrimp, 4. Brownie a la mode.Service was prompt and efficient, even a little shake of humor, no hiccups whatsoever.Food, well, besides the cheddar bay biscuits hitting the spot, yes baked to perfect goodness. Send me out to my B.A.(biscuits anonymous) meeting, 'cause I'm officially an addict.Soup was nice and perfectly HOT, the way I love it. Salad, ehhh, not so perfect. I had my own learning experience to ask for dressing on the side in the future because it was drenched(I prefer my green leafs to be drenched 15% instead of 115%). with that said, I was full by the time they brought over my main entree.Main, the idea of coconut and habanero (sweet, then kick in my mouth) is culinary-bipolar science and art goodness. Can we do this over with each shrimp? Thanks. I enjoyed some of the shrimps and sack of rice pilaf. Because I was full by the time salad was done, the rest was boxed up with an unrequested bag of those crack biscuits. Way to go the extra block mr. Server. Truly, so much food, that I asked my date to ask for box, dessert, and bill within 3 bites of my main. Dessert, I like brownie a la mode. But as another learning experience, I should ask what else it comes with, because too much caramel and chocolate drizzle on both brownie and ice cream takes away from the balance of sweetness, making it way too sweet to enjoy. Next time, I'd prefer a plain scoop of "mode", thanks.Overall, this rating goes for the meal and service, and id like to come back and try their signature and fresh fish offerings.
4	I've read a lot of reviews on here about how the place is dirty and the service is terrible, but that doesn't seem to be the case the handful of times that I've come in.If anything, the service has always been nice, the food and drinks have been excellent, and there's plenty of food to take home.To me, a good server is courteous, helpful, stays on top of things, and has a good personality.  I normally have gotten a "seafood expert" with a good sense of humor, and is good at answering questions about what dishes consist of.My last meal, I tried their $15 deal, and for what you get, it's worth the price, and easily the best deal.  A soup, a salad, the main entree with a side, and dessert.  The portions are respectable, and as anyone else notes, the cheddar biscuits are seriously good.  I also tried some beverage that has raspberry, blueberry and blackberry in it, and it well made for that "comfortable zone" during my meal.  Their booze has always been consistently tasty.  It's kind of crazy to think that they have as robust a bar as they do.The last time I went in there it was fairly quiet, and we were seated almost instantly.  By the time we left, however, people were lined up outside and leaving because the place was full.  The parking lot always seems full, so I think it's a matter of picking the best time to go over there.All in all not bad.  For seafood chain fare, they are quite decent, and I hope that $15 menu remains a mainstay (but I hope they diversify some options over time).  Not bad.  I came out full and content.  Always a plus for me.And I brought the extra cheddar biscuits home, so I lived the dream for another day or so.
2	Red Lobster at Decatur and US 95. My whole family ate there for fathers day. Its our 3rd time. Each time is same star. Dont know why we keep coming back. Yesterday the lobster and shrimps dry chewy no taste except salty, side salad was ok not crisp enough for my standard of fresh greens, pasta shrimp alfredo was the only one we really like but as it gets cooler you can see all grease at the base of plate.I also had shrimp bruschetta which was super salty, shrimp has no flavor at all. I love the dinner rolls. Its soft warm very tasty. I had warm choco cake w/ vanilla ice cream, cake was super moist delicious , ice cream no flavor. Service was good. We dont plan to eat in that place again for a long time anyway!
2	It was once good, but after ten years since I've set foot into a Red Lobster...  I found that a lot has changed and most of the food is OVERLY greasy, in which may be disgusted as butter!  The last thing a person wants to see is their food submerged in grease/butter....  Maybe it was me 10+ years ago, but the food had seem to be a bit more healthy back then...I can honestly say that the garlic bread muffins hasn't changed one bit!  Such a delightful treat and if i should return... I'll go just for that... A muffin and a beer...  OVERRATED :(
4	Yes it's about time I pay my respects to the Red Lobster.I have eaten at Red Lobster for years, this is the family "Special Occasion or "Holiday" spot that everyone picks. Kind of tradition, eat here two times a year only.Yes the cheesy biscuits are good when they are fresh baked, don't be the loser that gets an old over baked batch, send that shit back! I always get the same thing, my favorite forever the "Seaside Shrimp Trio"A generous portion of  Fried Shrimp, savory garlic shrimp scampi and shrimp linguini Alfredo. Mmmmmm yummy, just thinking of it makes me...I am a shrimp eater and here I can get my fill!I have never ordered Lobster from Red Lobster.I go to Red Lobster to get stuffed with Shrimp!I also like Shrimp Lover's Monday and Tuesday...Choose from fried shrimp, scampi, coconut shrimp bites or popcorn shrimp. Any Three 15.25Any Four 18.75 For dessert, key lime pie if you have room in your tummy.Red Lobster has not changed much over the years, just the obvious increase in menu prices.
3	As odd as this might sound...I do not come here for seafood...I have other less "chainy" and fresh options for that.Instead I choose to eat here for appetizers, their biscuits, and their lobsterita. Yeah..you heard me..their lobsterita. One of the few spots I have found with a traditional large margarita that isn't 10 bucks.So go for dinner if you wish...or go grab some appetizer and a lobsterita ;D
4	Yum Yum in my Tum Tum!!! I do not like seafood! But still LOVE this place! My sister (Nikki H.) is a big fan of seafood so I always go with her. I always order their cheesy potato soup and enjoy it with their delicious cheesy butter biscuits...mmm I cant get enough of those biscuits their too yummy we always have to order a second serving because their so yummylicious! As my main dish I always get their Cajun Chicken Linguine Alfredo..OMG the sauce is so creamy and delicious it just melts in my mouth! I think their Chicken Alfredo might just be the best Alfredo I've ever had! I can't comment on their seafood being I'm not a fan of seafood but my sister always enjoys her meals and we are never disappointed! If you haven't been you must get your butt over there ASAP!
5	ENDLESS SHRIMP!! So my son has been asking to go to Red Lobster for a while and I finally decided to take him. I noticed they had endless shrimp for 15.99$ so off we went. We arrived and parked and were greeted by a very nice lady, taken back to our seats and on came our server. She took our drink order and came back and asked us what we'd like. I asked if my son and I could share the endless shrimp bc hes young and will end up eating off my plate anyway, and she said sure she didnt see a problem with it. SCORE! Our first dish was bite sized coconut shrimp and breaded shrimp... OMFG YUM!! The breading on both was PERFECT! Not overly breaded but not skimpy. The coconut shrimp came with the yummy pineapple sauce, which was totally delectable! The breaded came with the standard ketchup, and that other red stuff (yucky!) and french fries which were DELIGHTFUL!  This first plate was seriously the bees knees! Next we got shrimp alfredo and sweet and spicy shrimp. OMFG! Yet another perfect plate!! The alfredo was not overly oily and had a lot of bite sized shrimp! The sweet and spicy shrimp was AMAZING! The perfect blend of sweet and spicy! My son ate the entire skewer of this grilled delicacy! It is served along some rice pilaf which was also freakin delish!After this yummy explosion we got the Parmesan crusted scampi and another order of the sweet and spicy. Normally scampi is too buttery for me but hot damn this was ON IT! I took one bite and the buttery with just a hint of crunchy from the parm was absolutely PERFECT! I swear I heard cherubs! I never wanted this love affair I was having with the shrimp to end! I felt like I was taking advantage of Red Lobster because I got unlimited yummies! AND THE CHEDDAR BAY BISCUITS! Fresh and warm and just soooo DELICIOUS! I swear they are lucky I could only eat soo much, the table behind us trumped me they ordered like 13 plates! I was like WOW!!Marquitta was my server and she was a delight!! Never rushed us or anything!! Seriously the nicest server I had in a WHILE!!I would def recommend this RL, they even let us per 2 Lobsters!! My son was sooooo happy about this! AWESOME! The place itself is clean and very tidy, I had no complaints! Even the bathroom was super clean!! GREAT JOB!Go here now before endless shrimp is over! Ill probably go for dinner tonight!!
5	As soon as we arrived Jesus was out server. He has a great sense of humor and was very polite and profesional. We had a wonderful meal and great company. All you can eat shrill and The Ultimate Feast were to die for!  Jesus is the best in the business and he is the reason we will be returning.  Thank you Jesus and the chefs!
2	OK I had not been to a RL for over 20 years. A few weeks ago I went with my parents in MI. It was very good and the service was exceptional. Now I know that because this is a chain restaurant the food should be just about as good as it was in MI. Well thankfully it was. I actually ordered the same thing I had a few weeks ago. The coconut shrimp and shrimp scampi were wonderful. Unfortunately the service sucked! Our server took our order and must of not listened to us because when the meal came he brought the wrong item for my daughter. That was about an 8-9 minute mistake to get my daughter her correct meal. The manager came over and apologized. We were only drinking water but we kept asking for refills and it would take this guy 10 minutes and us asking for refills twice before we got anything. My wife ordered the four course meal and this server wrote down that, but brought the wrong desert. 5 minutes later it was made right.  Now we asked for the check after it was all said and done and about 10 minutes later this guy finally brought us our check. We immediately review it and slip in the credit card. I am not kidding here, this idiot literally shot himself in the foot when he took almost 12 full minutes to pick the damn check up. Completely pissed me off and made it easy to show this guy why his awful service got him his crappy tip. I really think that the service experience is part of the meal and it really goes hand in hand. I can tell you that if I ever go back to this RL I will not have that guy as my server again.
3	Every now and then you have to go to Red Lobster but it really isn't anything special.  If it was not for the biscuits it wouldn't be worth the drive.  Service was good but we were the only ones in the back room at lunch on a Sunday.  I guess in Vegas if you want seafood you go to a buffet...........its cheaper.
1	I used to be a big fan of Red Lobster.    A lot of people I know would put their nose in the air and scoff at this, but I didn't care.  I felt that it was a decent place with decent prices and great seafood.   Very consistent.   Well, not any more.  I've noticed a steady decline in the food quality, an incline in price, and, at least at the location that I *used to* frequent (Las Vegas, South Decatur), the service has gone to hell.   The last two dining experiences I have had there have been awful.  The time before last I feel so awkward and uncomfortable with the waiter's attitude and demeanor.. he ACTUALLY reached out to shake my hand when he presented the check.  WHO DOES THAT???    I spoke to the manager and got an aloof, almost insulted response to my complaints.   Not apologetic, at least not in a sense that was anywhere near sincerity. This last time.. which will be my LAST time eating at this restaurant, The waiter, a young man named Chase, was absolutely off his game, if he ever had one to begin with that is.   First he argues with me about ordering add-ons, trying to sell me on another option that was about 8 dollars more expensive.  Refills on my water, or my husband's iced tea were pretty much out of the question, my ceasar salad came out with hardly any dressing on it and he argued "this is how I make mine, since most people complain that there is too much dressing."   He then took 10 minutes to bring me a side of dressing.  We received a basket with 3 biscuits (for two people), and even though I put the empty basket at the edge of the table, we were never offered more biscuits.  My food arrived.  My fried shrimp (which, it turned out were slightly undercooked) came paired with a side of KETCHUP, instead of cocktail sauce.   This is a seafood restaurant where the staff do not know the difference between cocktail sauce and ketchup!!!    So, then he takes 15 minutes to bring me cocktail sauce.   To sum up:  mediocre, overpriced food, served by idiots.  Unapologetic, apathetic management.  I will not be back.
2	You know what? I must really have been brain-washed over the years to think that Red Lobster was some kind of up-scale eatery, because.... IT AIN'T! It's about as classy as a Sizzler, and they're not even in business anymore.My boyfriend and I waited about 15 minutes for a booth and 4 times(!) during that 15 minutes, a waiter walked right by us and into the bar where he stood watching the basketball game on the TV. And yes, THIS GUY turned out to be our waiter. No doubt he was checking the hoops game while we ate because we hardly ever saw him (I don't think he smiled once the whole time we were there).I had the Admiral's Feast combination plate, while my boyfriend had the big Lobster/Steak dish... thing... plate... whatever. OK, the food was good. Cool, no problem, but you know what? Like I said at the beginning, there's nothing really super-duper about Red Lobster. What I mean is, Long John Silver's food is good, too (maybe better) -- and a helluva lot more reasonable on your wallet.$75.00 for two people for dinner!!!.... at Red Lobster?!!! RED FREAKING LOBSTER?!!!!!!! Holy smoke! I never remember it being THAT high. And when I finished the pay process, the waiter just grabbed the final check in the folding book and bailed -- FAST!!! I guess the basketball game went into overtime.I've said it before... and now again.... the customer doesn't have to go to a bad restaurant. There are plenty of them out there. If a restaurant cares about keeping our patronage, if they care about making some good money with their restaurant, IF THEY HAVE ANY BRAINS AT ALL, they should get their act together. They shouldn't disrespect the customer by dissing good management practices...... THAT'S what makes a restaurant a place worth one's time, or just another hole-in-the-wall.Thanx, everybody. I'm finished with my tirade. Until..... MY - NEXT - REVIEW !... dun-dun-dunnnnnnn!!!
3	This restaurant has been in the area since the early 1980's.  However, they've been keeping up with renovations so it's clean and up to date.  I hadn't been to this particular restaurant in 25 years so I was pleased to see that it was doing well.We arrived just before the dinner rush, so we were seated immediately.  The service was excellent.  Our water and iced tea were kept full and the warm bread was replenished.I had the fish and chips.  My husband had the salmon.  My son had the seafood platter.  My husband felt his portion was too small, the fish was overcooked, and the pilaf was too salty.  He felt we paid too much for what we got.  He was also unimpressed with the beer selection.  He prefers brew pubs.  At Red Lobster he drank iced tea.My son, who is 11, gobbled up his food and exclaimed over how good it was.  But he's a kid, and he tends to have different tastes.I felt my fish and chips were perfect and while it was expensive, it was competitive with other restaurants.  It's always pricey to eat out, and if you want seafood you have to pay for it.  If I want to run out to a family restaurant for fish and chips and a glass of iced tea, this place is fine.  My husband says he is still looking for the right seafood restaurant.
5	This is our goto place for celebrations and a great meal!  Always fresh always good service.  Drinks, Appetizers, Dinner, Dessert ENTIRELY  YUMM-O
4	It's lobster fest time!  I know it's a chain, I can see the food coming in on big trucks, frozen solid and thawed when needed, but it still seems fresh.  Today I had the chef's lobster and shrimp pasta.  It had big cuts of tender lobster and shrimp, asparagus and tomatoes covered with white wine and lobster butter sauce on top of bed of linguine.  The cheesy rolls are good and I loved using them to soak of the sauce.  Overall good service and tasty food.  It's not a bad option for seafood in the middle of the desert!
3	I'm definitely not a huge fan of this place even though I LOVE seafood. Their dinner menu is WAY over priced. I prefer coming here for lunch and for their lunch specials.  Their lobster bisque soup is GREAT and it definitely goes well with their cheddar bay biscuits :-)
3	We have ALMOST always had good luck with this Red Lobster. We've eaten here probably a dozen times with wonderful service and food. Today was a bit of a letdown. Our waiter (Edwardo) gave us no time to pick our choices and then failed to return after we needed a few minutes. The food was only average, which was a disappointment.Good thing is that i talked to the manager and she made things right, so we will go back and get a different waiter.
5	Kim always makes this a great experience just watch out for her drinks cause diversity is across the street and I woke up with a tattoo once lol ...steak and shrimp lobster Oscar alllllll the way mmmm Mmm good service always great love lobster fest!!!!
3	Food was good, fast service.I tried the shrimp trio and it wasn't bad. Its nothing special but the atmosphere was nice and relaxing.
3	food was ok however the service could have been better.. My wife and I didn't get our drinks until after we were done with our salads.
3	The food is good which is the best part, I had the endless shrimp (shrimp alfredo x 2, breaded shrimp and shrimp scampi). The worst part is the wait to be seated and served. You have to wait 30 minutes to get seated and then another 15 minutes to be served. They need better service to get a higher rating from me. The food as I said above is very good and hot and once we were served, the service was decent. The cheddar biscuits that you receive after you are seated are excellent.
3	Cluster ESPECIALLY during AYCE shrimp.  They are slow at times and they are understaffed.
3	Yeah I got suckered by the family into going for shrimpfest. It really disturbs me to wait such a long time for such mediocre food. The shrimp dishes were good, but I just don't see the reason to wait 45 minutes for them. The service is slow at best, albeit friendly. The shrimp dishes that were re-ordered took upwards of 15-20 minutes to be brought out. The shrimp scampi and the teriyaki shrimp were my first choice and they were actually quite good. The teriyaki shrimp had a sweet flavor from the glaze yet remained crisp and savory. The shrimp scampi was simple with butter and garlic. The surprise dish was the new parmesan shrimp that was like shrimp sampi plus breadcrumbs and parmesan cheese. It was delicious but took forever to be prepared. We even got 2 orders delivered to the table after we had already paid our check.  Bottom line: If you're strong-armed by your family into coming it isn't horrible, but if you have other options consider them!
4	For a while, my husband and I kept seeing the endless shrimp commercials on TV every night. We have never been to a Red Lobster before, so we decided to come here for dinner on a Friday night. What a mistake that was because it was ridiculously crowded! I think we waited about an hour for a table. We both ordered the endless shrimp and it was surprisingly good! You get to choose 2 dishes at a time, and it comes with a salad. The choices are Teriyaki, Parmesan, Garlic, Hand Breaded, and the Linguini Alfredo. My mistake was ordering the Alfredo during the first round. It made me full and I didn't order more after that. :( But it was so darn good! The pasta sauce was very tasty. I also ordered the garlic shrimp, which came out hot and full of garlic buttery goodness! The Cheddar Bay Biscuits were also addicting. We had to stop ourselves from eating more than one to make sure we had room for our dinner. I also love their Sunset Passion Colada (virgin because I don't drink alcohol)! We ordered the Warm Chocolate Chip Lava Cookie for dessert, but it was disappointing because the cookie was kind of cold. Service started off good. Our server was friendly and attentive in the beginning. Later on, he stopped refilling our drinks and it took him forever to bring us our bill. I think it was a very busy night and the servers were overworked. I thought it was nice that we were able to take our leftovers home. Normally restaurants that offer an all you can eat deal will tell you to eat it or leave it. The second time we came here, it was much better. I believe it was a Thursday night and it was pretty empty. We sat in the bar area, but service was kind of the same thing we experienced the first time. Attentive at first, nonexistent towards the end. The food was still great, and I was able to try the Teriyaki and Parmesan shrimp that time. This place is not close to my home, but I would definitely come back. Just not on the weekends.
4	Red Lobster can easily be written off as just another big chain restaurant.  But, really it is one of the more affordable options to get seafood that still tastes delicious.  I'll admit- I'm not the biggest fan of our friends in the sea.  But, I can handle a little shrimp and lobster occasionally. This location is BUSY every time I visit.  Wait times for a Friday or Saturday night are generally estimated to be 40-45 minutes.  But, really, we have only every waited 20 minutes tops which leads me to believe that they are estimating high so guests don't get angry.Since this is a chain that most people are familiar with, I will focus on the service aspect of this location.  On our most recent trip, we were blown away by the awesomeness of our server.  He seemed to be balancing many tables at once, including a large party of about 10.  Yet, our drinks were always full and he checked in to see how we were doing multiple nights.  Sometimes this does not even happen at high end restaurants! Although I hate the crowded waiting area of Red Lobster, I do enjoy visiting this location because we have never been treated poorly and the food is always great.
5	love ya kim this place is great!
4	For a ghost town of a shopping center, this Red Lobster is busy.  It's always busy, especially during lunch.  Once you get past the mini-wait, everything starts to fall in place.  Service at this Red Lobster has always been great.  There have been times I've come here on a limited lunch break and told our server. To my surprise, they did what they can to get me and my group in & out.  On my most recent visit, I was craving a steak and also lobster. Then I found what I thought was perfect.  It was their Lobster Steak meal.  But if you've been here before, you know what this is. It's steak with lobster bits on top. I expected a lobster and a steak.  My bad, I should have read the menu better.  Also, the price was fair.  As for their other food choices (from previous review):-Bottomless Shrimp:  I don't know if this is daily or all the time.  But I have had it in the past.  Their fried shrimp has more batter than shrimp, but still pretty good. -Seaside Shrimp Trio:  Is a favorite when in the mood for shrimp.  It's shrimp pasta, fried shrimp, and garlic shrimp-Tilapia and Cod  I put these all together, but their cod is really good.  Big thick pieces of flaky fish.  Tilapia is prepared pretty good to.  Both are not fishy.  -Steaks:  Mixed reviews here.  Had steaks here come too dry.  Had some come too juicy. Then had some just right.  Not as good as a Ruth Chris' but definitely better than a Chili's or Denny's. -Lobster:  My opinion, one of my favorites.  Portions small thought. -Stuffed Sole:  Tried once and only recently.  Did not fill me up, but still good.  Order an appetizer!!-Glazed Chicken:  I know it's a seafood restaurant, but have stopped by for lunch just for their chicken breast.  About 7 total oz and usually have the sauce put on the side.-Calamari and Fried Vegetables:  An oxymoron, but you'll find it all gone before your soup arrives.  Usually gone from me and yes, the only way I will eat vegetables. -Red Lobster Biscuits:  Don't remember the actual name, but this is a must on every visit.  So good and perfect to dip into you chowder. Overall, I recommend Red Lobster. I've never had a bad experience and you get what you pay for her. Price for seafood here is just about right for the quality you get.  Just be prepared for a little wait at this location.
2	Had a gift card and their $10  coupon for Lobsterfest.   This place is getting to be a real dive!   It is being remodeled and shows it.   About 9 miles away from where we live, and arrived at 4:30 PM on Sunday.   Outside was crowded, but were taken in about 5 minutes.   I showed pic of $10 coupon and manager said it was okay.   We were seated by the back of restaurant and Jason was server.  Nice boy!  Literally! Husband ordered the stuffed tilapia, sorry, out of it at 4:30 PM! substituted sole. I had the Lobster tail, shrimp scampi, fried shrimps (tiny) and crab legs.   Meal arrived, crab legs smelled at the connection where the legs are of iodine.  Bad sign, old!  Lobster tail overcooked.   Husband's dish were 3 or 4 pieces of fish, no stuffing, no lobster!  Took back lobster tail, took back husbands fish.  Returned with new lobster tail.  Couldn't get any meat out of crab legs, Jason put on plastic gloves and took out about a tablespoon of crab out of three legs. Cold!   Husband still not getting his meal.  When it was finally served, I was just about finished.   2 small pieces of fish wrapped around stuffing, 2 pieces of lobster! no broccoli, just a baked potato.   Never got more biscuits either.    Gave the server my $50 gift card and a credit card as bill was almost $40 told him to take out $25 from gift card and put rest on credit card.   Got back credit card with $23 charged to it.  Where is the gift card?  Oh, he said "I threw it in the garbage!  Unbelievable!!!  He dug it out and gave it back to me and re-did the entire bill.   Now it was $25 plus the balance on the credit card. WOW!  I went to the bar manager, because I had asked for a manager before getting the bill and she never showed up.   The bar manager took the receipts went back to check that I had $25 left on my gift card.   Instead, he came back and gave me a NEW card.    Wrote to Red Lobster corporate and called up today.    Will never go back there again !  Overpriced, incorrect and unbelievable!!!
1	To sum up my dining experience tonight in one word it would be, AWFUL.  The food was terrible.  To start off with I ordered a calamari appetizer and the largest piece of calamari was smaller in diameter than a nickel.  It appeared that whatever was left in the fryer basket was dumped onto a plate and served to us.  There was very little calamari, it was essentially a serving of deep fried vegetables.  Very unhappy.  The lobster stuffed mushrooms that we ordered were ok.  Both members of my party ordered the lobster and shrimp trio and both of us were highly dissatisfied.  The lobster tail was extremely rubbery and dried out; there could not have been more than 1-2 oz of meat total.  The shrimp were also extremely small and appeared to be slimy and undercooked.  I ate one of them and refused to try another they were so bad.  The lobster mac and cheese was burnt on the top yet also somehow soupy and watery underneath, it was also inedible.  As I write this to you around an hour after leaving red lobster both members of my group feel sick to our stomachs.  This was not an inexpensive meal either.  I would assume that if your restaurant advertised a "Lobster Fest"  and charged $25 dollars a plate the customer would get food that did not resemble leftovers from a low end chinese buffet.  Every piece of seafood was so incredibly small and disgusting to be completely honest.I am extremely dissatisfied with my experience and I want a full refund immediately.  I have been a huge fan of red lobster restaurants for many years and have gone to different locations all over the country and have generally had a good time and great food.  This particular experience was un acceptable.  I would not return.  The staff was friendly yet extremely rushed.  Our meal took over 90 minutes.
5	It was so good I ordered the salmon and the crab legs! Will be back soon!
4	Red Lobster is tradition in our family for many celebrations throughout the year such as Mother's day, Birthdays and Anniversaries! My most recent visit was for my Anniversary celebration with my sweetheart and it was a real feast!You know what to expect from Red Lobster however we were pleasantly surprised to see that they remodeled inside making the space more open and welcoming!We really like the more modern and contemporary setting they designed the previous space into.The food is always great, starting off with fresh cheddar bay biscuits, fresh salads, yummy drinks and appetizers.We always get great service and great food on our visits here so the consistency is there for sure!I attached photos of our yummy dishes and drinks that really satisfied our taste buds and bellies!The Lobsterita drink has always been a favorite of mine and I really enjoyed the pre meal buzz and warmth it gave me this time!The sweet chili shrimp appetizer I am still dreaming about! (lol)
4	Lobster feast, who doesn't love lobster! Got our coupon two for one from the paper and here we are.Had lobster tail, snow crab legs, garlic shrimp, fried shrimp a nice salad and their cheese rolls!Very busy, a little wait, new decor and added space helped! Good service.
3	Awwwww, Cheddar Bay Biscuits! Really, what more can I add to Cheddar Bay Biscuits?  Those things must be made with crack because you will be addicted after the first bite.  Yummy!Ok, ok, now to the review!  Red Lobster is an A-OK restaurant in my book.  I don't visit it often, but when I do, I always enjoy my meal.  It isn't fancy, but it sure is tasty.  The prices are pretty reasonable for what you get.  They often have great specials, like the 4 course meal for $14.99.  And the best part, unlimited Cheddar Bay BiscuitsI   RL also has some great lunch specials for when you want something smaller and cheaper.  Most of the lunch specials are $7.99, which is pretty good for some seafood.   I always feel like I got a great deal when the bill arrives for lunch or dinner.  The menu is pretty big and quite diverse as well.  If you like shrimp, you are in luck because there always seems to be at least a dozen different types of shrimp.  They also have lots of other seafood options to suit everyone in your group.  Don't like seafood?  That's ok too, because they have steak, chicken, and beef options as well.  Everyone should be happy in your party.  If anything, everyone can just eat the unlimited Cheddar Bay Biscuits.  Have I mentioned how amazing those suckers are yet? Yum!The food over all is ok.  The dishes are ok.  Nothing is really special or outstanding, but it gets the job done.  The super highlight of the menu is the chicken tortilla soup.  It is super duper yummy and I think my favorite thing at RL.  It is a chain restaurant, so at least you always know what to expect, no matter which location you are at.The service here is usually pretty good.  They have a dud or 2 in the service department, but that is everywhere it seems.  I don't require much though, just keep the Cheddar Bay Biscuits coming and my soda filled and I am head over heels happy.  The interior is ok as well.  I know they want to be fancy, but it is still just an ok interior.  This location was recently remodeled though and is looking a lot fresher.So, the moral of the story is that Red Lobster is ok.  And guess what??? I will be back for some more Cheddar Bay Biscuits!
2	We got there at 730 on a Thursday night.  We waited 45 minutes. We ordered the calamari and whoever thought it was a good idea to include fried broccoli and peppers was wrong, too many flavors that mask the very delicate flavor of the calamari, in short ruined it. We ordered fish and chips and a chicken dish. The fish was greasy and breading had no seasoning. The fries were warm..ish.. crispy and could tell they were not fresh. The chicken dish was actually cooked nicely, the wild rice was probably the best thing on the plate. Considering the prices they charge I expected so much more especially in such a foodie city. They were busy so obviously people come here but sorely disappointed is an understatement. I will say the staff was attentive and friendly.
2	I went in to red Lobster with thoughts and aspirations of enjoying plump juicy shrimp. And to enjoy said shrimp in quantities that would baffle modern science. Fortunately for I it was endless shrimp time at Red Lobster. How fortunate was I. Or so I thought. The lunch time experience began when we were waiting outside to be seated and witnessed our soon be be server bringing in a Taco bell fiesta ten pack through the front door. That's odd I thought. If I only knew..... Soon after being seated we meet our server, but with out her tacos. She begins to to take our order which is fairly simple since we are here with one things on our minds. Unfortunately she is interrupted by another hostess which tells her about some more tables she must attend to. This is the beginning of the end. She brings back our Cesar salads which are bland and tasteless at best. But no worries I am here for the shrimp. The shrimp arrives some 20 minutes later and is what one would expect from red lobster. Probably pre-frozen but tasty and numerous none the less. The shrimp was fine and the promise was "all you could eat." which should be "all you can tolerate." As I continue to enjoy the plates of shrimp in front of me the following plates seem to be taking longer and longer to arrive at our table. Our servers hospitality seemed to become more and more forced and in its place an uncomfortable air of "are you full yet?" A quick trip into the bathroom reviled a nightmare one would expect from a shady wrong side of town gas station. Never have I experienced a floor so sticky, it might well be confused for a massive piece of fly paper strewn with remnants of discarded toilet paper. And soon orders were becoming "forgotten in the kitchen." I tried to be patient but after the second time of this and spending 3 hours inside of red lobster my patience reached its end. I did not eat all I could, but I have tolerated all I was able to. Next time shrimp is on the menu, it will not be at Red Lobster.
2	Terrible service but great food.  Made us wait 30 minutes for our check and box. Also barely checked on us, and we asked for a refill on our waters but only gave us one extra water. The busser was a better "waiter" than our actual waiter.
4	First time at red lobster and here for the all you can eat shrimp ! Not gonna lie, the biscuits were fricken delicious. Anyways, going back on point, the wait was about 20-30 minutes, not bad as to other places. I was pretty hungry and so was my friends, so the orders got in quick and food started coming out. First plate was the Alfredo, gotta get the Alfredo man, and soy-wasabi grilled shrimp. Alfredo was tasty, but it was a bit too thick on the sauce. Felt like it kind of overwhelmed my whole mouth. Overall, not bad not bad. Only got two plates of this, one in the beginning and one to end. Can't fill up stomach room with carbs !Soy-wasabi and shrimp scambis are the go-to dishes for the best benefits of maximum shrimp consumption. Ask for no rice on the wasabi grilled shrimp plate, it'll just come out shrimp. Perfect? Yeah. It was the tastiest of all shrimp dishes too. Scambi was not bad, bit too buttery for my liking. The hand-breaded shrimp wasn't bad too. Got tired of eating it though. We kept getting orders for it because the waitress kept mistaking our table. Nevertheless, still shrimp. I wish I ate more though, but the cheddar biscuits got me bloated and gassy.. Too much information.. But it was uncomfortable :l. Our waitress was nice! She kept asking us what we wanted next and kept bringing them in a fast paced manner. She told us the top seat of most shrimp eaten is 32 plates. Maybe I'll come back and try to take the crown ! Oh and our party discovered that our friend has a minor shrimp intolerance for the first time after eating a truckload of shrimp. Not really a pretty sight to see, but hilarious yes.
4	I just visited this red lobster and it was great. The ambiance of the restaurant isn't typical of red lobsters I've previously seen. My waitress was really great- my order was taken fast and food came out quick. My waitress Tracy was really good about checking on the table, which was nice!
4	First off, the waiter we had was hands down one of the best servers I've ever had! We were seated fairly quickly and the food was good, pretty much on par with your average Red Lobster. The restaraunt could have been a little cleaner, which is why it gets 4 stars instead of 5.
3	Best biscuits in the world. Can actually feel my heart slow down from all the fat. The rest of the food is just ok but the biscuits and coconut shrimp make me come back for more.
4	Had dinner with my daughter.  Our server was Angel.  He was very attentive and professional.  I empty my glass pretty quick and he was always there to refill it.  I had the Bar Harbor Lobster Bake.  It was excellent.  Hot, fresh and tasty.  The lobster was probably the best I've ever had.  It filled me up!  My daughter had the kids Snow Crab, which she loved also.  My only complaint was being seated next to the server computer stations which had extremely high traffic and a bit more noise than I would have liked.  Ask for Angel for your server if you visit!
2	Went on a Wednesday night after my brother played a concert at the smiths center. The place was extremely dark inside. The food was average, but the service was beyond slow. The place was empty & it took for ever. Maybe she had a bad night. I'm not sure I'll be back.
5	Stopped by for lunch yesterday since it's been over a year since I've been to Red Lobster. I don't eat seafood, but I love their cajun chicken alfredo and their cheddar biscuits! The food was excellent and my girlfriend did the create your own lunch where she was able to pick 2 seafood items and a side. Both our meals also came with side salads, which was a nice surprise. Their lunch entrees are pretty inexpensive for what you get, and both of our entrees were $10.79 each. We had an excellent server who was attentive so attentive that it became annoying and even brought us refills before we even started to run low. Will definitely have to stop by more often!
1	Being a native New Englander from a fishing family with a birthday coinciding on Monday, I had a tremendous craving for a Maine lobster. Off I went and entered Red Lobster at around 8 PM Saturday. The place was a graveyard. I was seated immediately and asked if I was ready to order. I told the server I'd like a moment to peruse the menu but I really wanted a Maine lobster. Laughing, the server pointed to the empty lobster tank. How does a restaurant run out of it's signature product on a weekend? He told me he'd bring me some biscuits and left.When the server returned,  I ordered the stuffed mushrooms, the lobster bisque and the Bar Harbor Lobster Bake. I was not asked if I wanted to order drinks or dessert. The server promised biscuits again, and left.The server returned with, alas, without the biscuits, but the stuffed mushroom appetizer. The server cautioned me the dish was extremely hot, He promised to bring me biscuits again, and left. I gave the food some time to cool and let the flavors settle. The appetizer was quite delightful. However, I apparently waited to long.The remaining courses began to arrive in rapid succession, literally piling up on the table. I was flummoxed as the was restaurant was nearly empty. I was promised biscuits each time the server came, but alas! Those biscuits and I had paths that were apparently never meant to cross.The other problem that was nearly comical is that by the time I got to each dish in succession, it had cooled to the point of dissatisfaction. The lobster bisque had congealed. The main course should have been called the Bar Harbor Linguine Cover with a dash of Seafood. A smaller portion of pasta would have better allowed one to savor the flavors of the seafood and the accompanying sauces. Incidentally, the food presentation reminded me of something you would see in a hospital., The main course was covered in a plastic container and made me feel like I was in an assisted living facility.At the end, the server came back with a check (about 45 dollars), and asked me if I would like to take some biscuits on takeaway. Anyone who has eaten a cold biscuit probably can guess why I refused this offer. And who knows, perhaps I'd still be sitting there, waiting...I can see that many people enjoy this place. I heartily recommend spending one's money elsewhere. The salesmanship, service, food preparation, and quality leave much to be desired. I think had it been busy it may explain why they bring the food so quickly. One may not notice.
1	my server was no services at all, after drink and food order, not even come check on my table. once the food brought out, but wrong order. she was not say any word about the wrong order. or let you know is she gonna put in the new order and how long gonna be take.
3	Arrived around 730 on a Monday and to our surprise there was a wait....Lobsterfest was the cause.  We were told we would have a 15 minute wait....no problem.  30 minutes later we hadnt been called, the hostess was very nice upon realizing they had forgotten us and we were seated immediately.  Ordered the lobster dip and lobster lover's dream.  Appetizer was 20+ minutes to the table but biscuits and salad kept us pacified for most of that.  The dip comes with tortilla chips and was a bit thin and greasy for my liking.  Entrees came 10-15 minutes after our appetizer was done.  Lobster Lover's Dream was very good.  Mashed potatoes,  two kinds of lobster, and pasta with shrimp and lobster. ($31.99)  We had a coupon for a free appetizer ($12.99) with two lobsterfest entrees.  Talia, our waitress was very nice and apologetic for any delays.  She kept our water full and boxed our food up for us including some extra biscuits.  Aside from the delays the food was good!
1	Other than the delicious cheddar biscuits, I find the service horrible and the food way over-priced. I ordered the 4-course meal. Soup & salad came out pretty quickly. They were OK. Not great/not awful. I wasn't even 1//4 of the way through either when the main course showed up. As a former server, there's no excuse for that. You watch the table and drop the order for the rest of the meal to approximately coincide with the customer finishing soup &/or salad. (And they weren't busy.) The waitress brought the check before bringing the dessert that is included in the 4-course meal. I had to ask for a refill of tea. The scallops in the linguine were the size of mini-marshmallows and poor quality. Sorry, but the cheddar biscuits aren't enough to bring me back. Las Vegas has many excellent choices for seafood and Red Lobster is not one of them.
3	Went to catch a bite after work. The stuffed mushrooms were great. This was the worst Clam Chowder I have ever had. It was like water milk and potatoes. I wanted clams.
3	veggies overcooked but would assume that with no doubt. at any chain restaurant most veggies are overcooked. i have never been to red lobster so had to try it eventually. the commercials got me, not gonna lie. great marketing! lobsters fest commercial = winning... my brother got one of the lobster fest specials and i got another. lobster was good, slightly over cooked, but good portion size and for $30 i wasn't complaining at all.brother saw a commercial and you get a free app if you sign up online so we got stuffed mushrooms for free, so thats always a +service = great. we had a server named kim. she was so funny and made the experience memorable. great sense of humor and clowned on my brother the whole lunch for asking for the free app after we ordered. AWESOME to anyone clowning on my brother.
4	It's lobster fest time, I  simply love coming here,   the rolls are fresh and delicious and complimentary.  I ordered the lobster tails , delicious served with mash potatoes and green beans,  the portion size was huge enough for 2,Definitely everything on the menu is delicious. .
1	Lobster was good, but that was it! Waited 20 minutes to be seated. On the way to our table we counted 12 empty tables. Why where we waiting then? For what? Once we were seated we waited again 30 minutes for our lobster. We asked twice for the buisquets and they naver came. Margheritas were not good either and when we asked the bartender to fix them we were told she had to charge us again to do that. Who manages that place? Simply unbelievable! Price/service/food quality simply didn't match. Not going back!
5	I like there portions here its a good amount of food on the plate I enjoyed my dinner.
3	First time here and was utterly disappointed. Came here with my boyfriend, his mom, and his sisters and waited 30 minutes to be seated and found out that the hostess didn't even put our names down but handed us a beeper! By the time we sat down, everyone already knew what they were going to order but it also took awhile for our server to even get our drinks ordered! The food was ok. I got the Create Your Own Feast; the clam chowder seemed kind of watery. The Cesar salad was pretty good and so was the shrimp linguini Alfredo. However, my boyfriend's mom got TWO pieces of calamari on her Create Your Own Appetizer. Thankfully, the manager came and said her meal was on the house and brought out more calamari. She seemed way more attentive than the server who was assigned to us. Our server never even came back after he gave us our food, except to give the check, which he made it so complicated when we tried to split it. Still unsure if I would want to come back again.
1	I didn't realize how many of these places serve food right out of pre-prep packs instead of fresh.  Salads, salty seafood, everything is mostly pre-prepped before it even comes to the restaurants.  One of my boys takes good care of us and makes sure we get lots of biscuits but something is missing from the food.
3	Food is great.. had the harbor lobster bake everything was amazing.   Those biscuits you get are even better. LolManager was kind of a ass hole last time we went (we just asked for a both instead)
4	So far all of my experiences here have been great at this location. Even while they were in construction we've had great service. Bartender is also on point. Drinks are a bit pricer here but again service is consistently good. They have lunch specials years around that are very affordable and compare to eating fast food.  Cheddar bay biscuits are amazing and now available to make at home. I bought some of the mix from Walmart and smiths...so delish!
5	I came in to eat yesterday for the first time and I LOVED it! The wait wasn't too bad and the hostess actually got me back sooner than expected. MAJOR PLUS!!! My server ( I can't remember her name unfortunately) was fantastic. She was so attentive, brought everything out in a great amount of time and it was just such an amazing experience. (totally recommend the lobster shrimp and scallops. was amazing!)will DEFINITELY be back!
5	First time at red lobster... Waitress was Linda and she was absolutely amazing! She went above and beyond and made amazing conversation with my boyfriend and I! The food was good but linda will definitely be the reason I go back!
4	After a tough hike at Mount Charleston, the girlfriend and I were ready for a meal, so Red Lobster came up, and on we went.We were greeted promptly by the hostess and sat quickly. Within a minute our server Kim started us off with two sodas and a "create your own" appetizer. We selected the calamari and the chicken strips. The calamari with fried broccoli was great, and the chicken strips were pretty standard, not expecting much there. Entree wise, we both chose the Lobster/Shrimp/Scallops combo with a side salad, steamed broccoli, and wild rice pilaf. I opted for a soup and the potato bacon soup was rich and delicious. The lobster was decent, a bit overcooked, however the shrimp, rice pilaf, and scallops were awesome. Of course, I don't have to say much about the biscuits, you know everyone loves them. The best thing about the meal was Kim. She was very attentive, our drinks were never empty, and she would lighten up the mood with her great personality. I would hire her to be in my restaurant on the strip in a HEARTBEAT. Kim is genuinely about your experience and she sells items the right way. That's what it's about. A true server, a seller, not a boring order taker, a true combination of what every server should be like. We opted out of dessert because we were pretty full as is. The food was decent, not horrible for a chain restaurant, the service was excellent, and the decor was pretty relaxing. Great stuff. See you when the unlimited shrimp comes around. ;)
3	Good seafood if you avoid the deep fryer portion of the menu.  They have fresh fish specials daily.  The hot buns are irresistible and appetizers are tasty.  Nice bar menu.  I like RL's rock lobster, stuffed tilapia, Chile shrimp, mushrooms, ultimate feasts, crab and Cajun fish dishes.  Salads and soups could be better.  Service is well executed and ambience is fun.
4	This was my first experience eating seafood ever and I know red lobster probably isn't the best place to start but I figured I'd give it a try. We went on a Sunday so the wait was 45 minutes but we snuck into the bar and was ordering drinks while we waited. When we got seated I got a sampler platter to eat. I wanted to try a bit of everything since I hadn't had any. The platter had lobster, crab legs, and shrimp cooked two different ways. The food was great and our waiter couldn't have been better. He was super friendly and never let my drink run dry.
4	I ordered tilapia. They presented very nice on the mashed potatoes. When I just tasted the tilapia it was bland. They asked me about it and gave it to me for free. I will be back.
4	Excellent! I haven't been to a Red Lobster in literally YEARS!!We had recently ate at a "high end" sea food place in town, with an unbalanced product:value ratio. Red Lobster was a refreshing surprise at a fraction of the price. GF had a gift card, so we popped in during Lobster Fest.Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING was great!!We were quoted 45 minutes for a table and were seated in 20.Every point of contact was polite, but casual. The biscuits are everything I was promised, the specialty cocktails are delightful, and specials really covered all tastes.I got two, perfectly cocked and wonderfully seasoned lobster tails.  GF had the Surf & Turf which she said was great, but wouldn't let me taste, as she was too excited to eat it herself. (j/k, she reads these)If I had to lodge a complaint: The water in the bathroom sink gets hot too fast.We had an very good mean, with great service, for literally 1/3 of what we paid at a fine dining, sea food specific establishment (see next review).
5	Came here with 3 other friends and were seated immediately. Had Greg and a woman (I forgot her name) as our servers in the lounge by the bar. The food was absolutely amazing. Had the admiral's feast And it was so delicious. The service here was also great, both the staff were very attentive and very friendly. Will definitely be coming back soon!
4	The service here was excellent! The waitress was very friendly and attentive, even though she was very busy. The food was very good, can't beat the cheddar biscuits! The seafood was fresh and prepared properly. I had a very good experience.
5	The service here was fast and efficient they were nice and clean.our appetizer was out in minutes and our food came as soon as we ordered.
4	Family friendly and food is consistently good! With a big family, this place is just right!
4	**4 stars could have been 5 easily**Last night my wife and I came for supper and had the "Endless Shrimp Special" Red Lobster has been advertising.  Upon our entry, I quickly noted that their wasn't anybody standing or sitting ahead of us. We were greeted right away with a friendly smile from Cecilia. She took note that it was just the two of us and told us it would be about 10 minutes for us to be seated. I looked down the hall and into the dining area and I could clearly see available tables.  I decided not to say anything about the 10 minute wait. At the 10 minute mark, Cecilia asked to seat us.  A few minutes later, our server Talia came around with another friendly smile   and asked if she could bring us any drinks/and or place our order as she overheard my wife and I speaking about the endless shrimp.  I have to say that Talia was very prompt with expediting food and making sure that our drinks were never sitting empty for more than a minute or two. Props to her for doing a great job!  My second "needs improvement" comment for the evening (the first being the seating time) is directed for whom I assume was the manager. I can only describe her as being long blonde haired lady with a tattoo on her right arm that extends to her elbow. As she was working the floor thanking other customers for coming in and joining in on their respective chit chat at their tables.   She completely ignored us. I held eye contact with her 3 times with half a smile and she just looked the other way as if she was being bothered.... ??? I was going to tell her how well a job her staff was doing and how much we were enjoying our dinner!...but she never came around.  The preparation of the food was spot on!  Every shrimp order that arrived at out table was extremely hot, yet never was the shrimp rubbery to the taste. Perfecto!!  Last night we enjoyed our dinner very much.
3	Somehow I got talked into coming here and even from the beginning I just knew it would up to my standards when it comes to seafood! Let's be honest here the quality of red lobster food has most definitely declined over the years! I remember as a kid ig was such a big deal if you and your family got to eat out at red lobsters lol or even if somebody brought you on a date here.. Now it's just like Red Lobsters? O_o anyways on to my just okay dining experience walked in asked for a table for two.. Specifically requested a booth.. Waited about 15 mins they were starting to pick up. Seated accordingly. Our waitress who I'm going to opt not to put on blast was just so so. Not sure if we caught her on a bad day but literally everything we asked her she would reply "yes but it's going to be minute" it got to the point when we were like umm okay we understand honey you don't have to disclose that on every request and she said it a bit condescending which made things even worse. The biscuits were probably the best part of the meal. The endless shrimp thing that they make such a huge deal about is over rated and I feel like I could've made these oven baked shrimps at home. Check the pics I post so you can see how the quality is mediocre. Long John silvers might've delivered a bit better than they did on this trip! Once you reach a certain expectation of food and know what good quality seafood taste like red lobsters will be obsolete.. Hmmph guess I'm just spoiled. Oh well won't be returning! Yall can keep the bad service and Van Kemp frozen food quality food!
1	This place is only good if you have that seafood craving. Other than that is just not worth the money and sometimes the wait. The food is decent but it's just not living up to the hype. It's just sad how a huge chain could turn into a Seafood Applebee's
1	Yesterday my family and I celebrate my birthday but the waitress  Was a disaster she hit my husband, we wait a lot of Time for food, we spend $ 300 and now my children are very sick I do not recommend this place!  Worse birthday ever!  I can't  believe I was very happy and excited for my birthday but know I'm so desperate!   I'm take my kids 2 the hospital !
5	I come to this location nearly every other week to dine. As crazy as that may sound since I never get tired of their food. It truly impresses me each and every time, being served to this level of perfection as well as the meals no matter what I order.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE! my family took my mom and sister out for their birthdays when we arrived at 7:00pm everything was good up until tthe drinks. Once we ordered our meals the waitress returns 5 minutes later stating that they do not have lobster tail so me and my brother chose something else. We waited for 40 minutes until the manager came to say that there is no more salmon and two plates we ordered had to be changed. She brought a menu first we noticed it was one plate so my husband chose a different meal. Then the waitress come along confused saying that there was no more salmon I had told her yes we were told she then mentioned well did the manager told you that you can change the salmon to tilapia. We were shocked because we were not mentioned that. Then we continued to wait until the manager comes out again saying no there is a second plate that has salmon you can change it to tilapia. We continued to wait at this time most of the table were empty on drinks so the waitress comes along and took 20 minutes to come back with drinks Finally after waiting for so long our food is ready. Everyone received their plates except my dad. I told the waitress the plate you are holding is my dad she looked at me confused and called the manager I then mentioned the same thing and the manager was trying to solve who plate it was until they realized that my dad was the only one left with no plate (REALLY). During the time we were eating the drinks did not get refilled once we were done that's when the waitress comes over asking if we wanted more drinks. (At this moment I was upset of the poor customer service) the staff was not coordinated at all! We were discounted $7 dollars but that seemed like a big joke. Would not recommend this place at all. All I was looking for my sister and mom to have a good birthday but it ended as a disaster with bad experience.
4	I normally HATE chain places and is never eat at Red Lobster but a friend went and got married at the court house and had his wedding dinner there so I had no choice.  I studied the menu and just hit the coconut shrimp with the seafood Alfredo!  It was so good I've been back three times this month.  Very fresh.  Free cheddar biscuits and a great salad with chunky blue cheese not all just ice burg lettuce!  Very fresh and hot!  Service was good too!  Servers seemed happy not just like they were tolerating being there!  GREAT parking lot!  And it's right off highway!
2	Came in for lunch and stood by the waiting station for a long time...I went to the area where one can see me standing by to be seated.  Employees won't even give you a time of day to tell you that they will get someone to seat you!  Finally someone came in by the waiting station  and I scuffled on by to get her attention! She won't even look at me to tell me she was just checking in and that she will get someone to seat me....she had on her earplug and went on her merry way without acknowledging my presence!  I thought that was really odd for an employee to behave in nonchalant way!  The place is kind of outdated and needs new clean carpet! I have to admit though, that once they got me seated and told them I was on my lunch break, the server was very accommodating and friendly.
