5	I really enjoyed this indoor play gym. Today was my first visit, and being a first time guest you are given a free visit for your kids. It basically looks like a giant oversized play area that you would find inside any fast food restaurant, only better! This is definitely a place I will come back to. It's not overly expensive, it's indoors, it's neat and very clean. My kids had so much fun that they both fell asleep in the car on the ride back home. My only negative comment would have to be that it's a bit too far for me to drive on a regular basis. I live on base. Also if they could work on getting a snack bar of some sort, that would be a huge plus for this spot. I also want to mention that there is a place for the parents to sit and be comfortable while the kids are running around. And they offer free wi-fi which I love! I would probably hang out here a lot more if it weren't so far, maybe someone could open up one of these near Nellis AFB, that would be great, mmmk?? Thanks. Other than that, it's a great fun place to take your kids.
3	Overall, this place is great. Lots of space to play and even when it was crowded, it wasn't too bad. It is very clean and the equipment is in great shape. There are a couple of ball pits, 6 slides (3 of which are super big and fast) and an area just for smaller babies/toddlers. My one complaint about this place would be the people working there who followed us around the whole time. I felt like my kid couldn't just play and be free because these people were on us constantly. I have a 15 month old who was drooling and the guy literally followed me around with a bucket and rag cleaning up and the woman kept giving us tissues for me to clean up after him. He's a baby, there's not much I can do about it. They were also pretty adament about us staying with the kids constantly even though my little one is completely comfortable going and doing things on his own and I don't have to be on him 24/7. The couple, I'm guessing the owners, were harping on other people, too about keeping the toys in the toy area, keeping food/sippy cups in the snack area... I can appreciate them wanting to keep the place clean, but it was extremely annoying. When we went on New Year's Eve someone else was working, and while she was cleaning things up and helping people, she wasn't on us like stink on sh*t like the couple today was. They would be the only reason I don't want to go back.
1	First things my daughter had a great time since the weather has been really cold and she has been stuck inside she was able to get out and run and have fun.  Plus she was there to celebrate her friends birthday.What I didn't like about it was the three employees cleaning the whole time while we were there for a 2 hour party.  The party was until 7PM and at 6:30PM they started cleaning the bathrooms which they should have waitied until the party was over to do. Those three women who cleaned were watching the children like a hawk and did not have any room to be around children by the way they treated the kids.  Some balls came out of the playarea into the lobby area and one of the workers threw them back into the area with a pissy attitude where the kids were hitting a few kids on the back.  Then another lady yelled at kids with a really mean voice if they were being too loud (they are kids).  Come on it is a play area.There was another party going on during the party I was at while we were in the playarea.  A kid from the other party went into the playarea of our party and one of the mean workers yelled at him (he is 3 years old) and scooped him up.  Come on.  The way the place is set up they really can't do multiple parties like Pump it Up and really shouldn't.So, for me I won't be having my daughter's parties here nor will I go for open play if they offer it.  I want my daughter to enjoy herself and be a kid.  Save your Money - DON'T GO HERE.  Want to have a birthday party for a large group - I guess Pump it Up wins again!  :)
2	I came here for a birthday party for my friends daughter and it seemed very unorganized and chaotic.  And after the cake cutting, the kids wanted to play more and the main play area was closed!  So, all of the guests were limited to a ball pit and a small inflatable slide. And as we were leaving(within our alloted time) another party was showing up!  Give some breathing room between parties!!!  I didn't experience the male owner so I guess from the reviews I should consider myself lucky.
4	This is a cool place for a kid's birthday party. They've got a three level play area that kids (and parents) can crawl through, with some paths leading to slides, obstacles courses, canons that fire nerf-like balls, and a ball pit. On the opposite side of the space is a bounce house, infant/young toddler area, and a couple couches for parents to relax. They also have two separate rooms for private parties.Other reviews mention problems with the owners, but I didn't experience any. Although I did see one lady (I'm assuming she was one of the owners) cleaning a lot. Personally, I don't see that as a negative. Let's face it, the little rugrats aren't exactly the epitome of cleanliness and sanitation. If that lady feels the need to constantly clean, more power to her. It didn't dampen how much fun my kid had.As for prices, I have no idea since we were here for another kid's birthday and they paid for everything. Thank god that family had the party here instead of  Pump It up. While that place is loads of fun for kids, I've been there so many times that I've got an aversion to giant blow up slides and bounce houses now. Anyway, I'd recommend Run Plus Fun. My kid loved it and chances are so will yours.
5	When I was five years old...I was a little monster.  I there was no such thing as video games, TV was a privilege and the outdoors was my toy.  That was a long time ago (but not THAT long) in a land far, far away.  Here in Vegas, my kids have to deal with possibly melting in the summer heat or getting blown away in a winter wind storm.  So what do you do when your kids are bouncing off walls and you'd rather stick nine inch nails through each one of your eyelids than deal with them?  Bring them to Run Plus Fun.I first heard of this place sometime last year and finally gave it a shot in March of 2011.  Honestly, it was the negative Yelp reviews that really held me back.  That is just unfortunate because my kids absolutely LOVE this place and have been back about 4 times for open play.  At $8 a kid, it's not as cheap as the park, but it sure beats a movie.  The slides are ridiculously fun.  There are three big ones and another two in the main play area.  Just be careful because they are FAST; though I think the adults are more afraid than the kids are.  I love that, in addition to the main play area, there is a little kids' area, boxed in by some comfy sofas, where parents can hang out.  Why any parent would rather sit than romp around is beyond me.  I love climbing up and crawling through the obstacles just as much as my 2 yr old does.  After a handful of visits, I thought it would be a great idea to have my kid's birthday party here.  For a fee, you get an hour of play time and an hour of eating.  Some reviewers mentioned that they didn't like the policy of kids not being able to re-enter the play area after their allotted time.  If you want to see what half-digested food looks like, have your kid run, tumble and go down some slides after eating cake and snacks.  Yum-o!  As it is in life, you've got to pay to play.  I booked two slots back-to-back to avoid that very situation and to make sure that all the kids had a lot of time to play.  The owners were very accommodating, giving us all the invitations and envelopes, having a bouncy house put up, gave us access to both party rooms, helped us set up and break down, and even helped entertain some of the children.  It party went flawlessly and all the kids were so hungry and tired after 2 hours of playing, very few of them wanted to go back to play.  When I was five, I was a monster.  I needed to get out of the house to expend my energy.  My kids are angels (sometimes), but they still need an outlet.  Run Plus Fun has my vote and my money for a good time to be had for angels and monsters, alike.
4	Great place for the kids to escape the heat in a safe clean environment. The woman owner is a bit of a spazz and acts completely stressed out if there are more than 3 kids playing. Not sure why somebody who so obviously doesn't enjoy children opened a child play place. But we don't let her stop our fun!
4	Took my 3 year old and 1 year old here and they love it. Definitely a great place to let the kids be kids while avoiding some summer heat. My 3 year old loved the slides and had a lot of fun with these air gun cannon things that shoot foam balls. 1 year old had fun in the ball pit area. This was my first and my wife's second time there. She mentioned the owners were very nice as were were walking out. And she knows nothing about the reviews on here. So its an honest opinion coming from her. Plus she's a good judge of character the wife, I mean she married me.
5	Thank you to Patrick D. and Clint B. for helping me find this place. Due to poopy weather our planned M Pool day was cancelled. The kids were really bummed and I had to come up with something off the top of my head to make them smile....Run Plus Fun came to mind. I quickly browsed their website and found out that its pretty reasonable ($8.00 per kid), has long open play hours (9:00am to 6:00pm...I think), socks are required and clothes with buttons on the butt (aka: jeans) are not allowed because they damage the slides....so off we went. We pull up and the lady up front was helpful and quickly showed me the bathroom (the kids had a lot of caprisun in the car). Then for about 2 1/2 hours the kids went insane. It was so fun to watch the look of joy on their faces. It was nice for me too because when I wanted a break from playing with them I could chill on the couch and still have my eye on them. I noticed that there was a lady cleaning a lot....and I can't blame her. Some parents don't know how to clean up after their kids (super annoying). There were snack wrappers and popcorn kernels left by one such parent and her children. They don't get in the way. As for the mean workers yelling at the kids...I saw no such thing. Corrine was wonderful with my buggers and when they broke the rules she gently reminded them. Overall I will definitely be back...but next time I will bring coffee.
5	If I could dive into the brains of my children, I would imagine this is what utopia looks like: a gigantic indoor play gym, toys, and tons of crazy, screaming, happy children. Run plus fun is the closest thing to utopia on a scalding summer day in Las Vegas. There are plenty of slides, two ball pits, lots of things to climb, and an obstacle course like you're on American Gladiators. I love how there is a calmer designated area for smaller children as well as one for adults and everything is so clean! I have taken my kids to other indoor play places and this place wins. It is almost half an hour away from my house but it is well worth the drive.P.S. Don't forget, everybody needs socks - including adults.
5	Had my daughters 2nd birthday party here today and was impressed with the facility. The staff was friendly, as well as the owner. The place is always clean and the staff was there for all my needs. They did not hawk any of my guests, and were actually playing with some of the children in the ball pit. I was pleased with our service and would recommend this place to others as it was recommended to me. Rates are not really crazy and i had around 60 people (children and adults) in my group. The owner and staff even helped us with all of our stuff personally to our SUV. I though the place was great..
5	Love it. Great place to beat the heat. The only reason anyone would give this place a bad review is to discourage others from going there. It was super duper clean inside.The owner worked the crowd and mingled  to chit chat up all of the parents.Yes the owner that is named to be a meanie by other reviewers. He was very nice.  Be warned to make sure everyone has socks. Including mom and dad. Great area for parents to sit and relax. My kids had so much fun here. I even went down the slide a few times too. Perfect for my very active two year old. Nice place. Nice people. And most important its air conditioned. Also no noisy video games. No chiming, whirring, chirping.No electronic mumbo jumbo. Just good old fashioned fun. Thank you for making such a great place!Mommies of girls though, why oh why do you insist on your girls wearing skirts to go sliding and playing? Seriously put some shorts or pants on those girls.
4	Took my twins here on their 4th birthday along with my 6-year-old. It is small and extremely clean. Not too busy, perfect. It was nice to be able to relax on a comfy sofa while the kids got their energy out. It's great that they allow in outside food and drink in. My only complaint is that they don't sell anything to snack on or drink. There are water fountains available for the kiddos, though. Pricing is great, too.Tip: bring socks. Everyone must wear socks, even mom and dad.
2	I had my sons 3rd birthday party here and the kids enjoyed themselves but the woman owner made it very uncomfortable for everyone. I felt like we were being watched like hawks. And when the balls would come out of the play area she would pick it up to throw it back where it belonged and told the kids they needed to keep the balls in the play area. Its a playground for christ sake. I spoke with the other parents and they too felt very uncomfortable because of this woman owner and workers actions. They charged us $240 for 15 kids which is actually suppose to b for 20 kids but it's a flat rate so we could not get reimbursed for the 5 kids that we didn't have RSVP for. I will never ever go back to this place again. Id rather go to the park where my kids can play freely and I can feel very comfortable.
1	Rude owners! Wouldn't recommend as they made their paying guest feel uncomfortable and unwelcome!
5	I really like this place. My daughter is 19 months and we visit at least every other week. There are a lot of activities that she can do here - slides, tunnels, balance beam, nets, ball pits, rockers, climbers, air cannons, obstacle course, blocks, puzzles, etc..  She likes to climb and explore the three levels of tunnels and slides. I like that I can follow her through most of it and help her if she needs it (its big enough for a large-ish adult to get around). When it comes to the staff that other people mention, I admit that I haven't noticed a lot because we are too busy playing.  Yeah, the gal at the front could be a little more zesty and smiley, but she sure did jump up and respond quickly when a kid was crying today, so maybe she's just shy?  A gentleman, who seemed like an owner or manager, chatted with us a bit today and was quite nice. I am happy that this place was created and hope that they will continue to keep it clean, well maintained, and fun for a long time!
4	I went there with my son who is 3 and my friend and her son who is also 3. The kids had a blast. we went on a friday afternoon and it wasnt super packed so our kids could have time to play on everything. Its not super big, but worth the 8 bucks it costs for the kids (parents are free). A good way to beat the heat and let the kids play. sidenote: I tried to talk to the owner many different times throughout the day and she wasn't mean, she just wasn't warm and fuzzy.
4	Decent indoor play area. We went there for a birthday party & I had to drag my kids out of there. They don't seem to have any inexpensive packages or coupons. For regular play, it's $8 per kid for only two hours. Unless I run across a coupon, groupon, or attend another birthday party, I don't think we will return. There are similar options that are more reasonably priced.
5	My husband love this place! We have two year old triplets and we almost go here once a week. This place is clean and super fun for toddlers and small children. O have had several interactions now with the owner who is always very nice and accommodating .I really remind this place to parent of small children!
5	We come to Vegas twice a yr for MAGIC a clothing industry convention. While my wife shows the line to new and loyal clients I entertain our son 'round Sin City. Not much for an infant/toddler to do in the desert. Last trip we went to shark reef. This trip on Monday we came to Run&Fun. Had a BLAST! Was barely able to fill out the paper work and take our shoes off before he was running around with the other kids. $8 per kid for 2hrs isn't too bad they have snacks for sale too incase you forget snacks or drinks for the wee ones. Everyone is shoeless so have good socks on :) The staff is very friendly and helpful. The day we attended, there was a group if women who were either family or friends since they all got along very well but were also friendly to my son and I. Whenever im in Vegas ill be sure to visit Run&Fun. The only thing I didn't like is that it was hard to find with my GPS. The GPS tells me it on the right but doesn't tell me its a building behind the building street side. Something happens with mall stores too though :/.
2	Not a big fan. Place feels cramped to me and the seating is awkward. Staff was rude to myself and my friends. So many parents around, no room for the kiddos to run! My kiddo got hurt on the slide, and no one asked if he was ok?! The playstructure was pretty cool on the upside. We much prefer Tykes N Tots in the SW
4	Run Plus Fun is a great place for kids 6 and under.  We've attended at least a half dozen birthday parties since it opened.It's nice to have a place like this so close to home. It certainly is a refreshing change from the Bouncy parties. There's plenty of equipment to play on, there's a section for babies and toddlers, and an area with a couch where parents can sit, relax and talk or use the internet. Compared to a similar place in another part of town Run Plus Fun is small, especially the parents lounge area. There are a couple of party rooms, clean and big enough for a decent sized party of kids to sit down. Downsides - you are responsible for bringing in and serving your own food. I always like to have the options of full service with party helpers to serve guests. Also, something about it seems a little rushed. I guess its a business and they have other parties booked, but they really seem to be moving things along as quickly as possible while firmly asking the guests to leave. I haven't been to this place during the open play times but I can definitely see us doing this sometime soon to allow the kids to play while escaping the brutal Vegas heat. Let me say though, that one of the reasons that I haven't visited during the open play times is due to the fact that the hours are pretty much geared toward stay at home moms, there aren't really any evening play times.
5	I really loved this place. The girl at the desk was polite and pleasant, explained the rules, and my kids ran off and went to TOWN. They had a lot of fun running and playing with the other kids. It wasnt overly crowded, which i really appreciate, since at other places (most notably, bounce u) it gets so crowded that my little guys get trampled. Theres a cozy parents area with wifi and they also sell snacks. I read the other reviews and i guess i was lucky not to run into the "mean guy", but when you read the reviews theres only a few people who have had problems, and that was a while ago. Maybe he wised up. Anyway, well beback for sure.
2	I recently had my daughter's birthday at Run Plus Fun and I have to say that I've had better service at other locations when paying that much money for a birthday party.  I was hoping to have one of the employees at least be an assistance in helping with the food and cutting of cake. (they shouldn't have to be asked, they should be there to help without request like that of other places) The throne for the birthday girl was not in the room or ever offered which should have been. I had to ask to have the food put out. The party room temperature was extremely warm for the amount of people we invited and once again had to ask for help. And although I knew this rule, I really don't like the fact that the kids cannot play after they are done eating.  kids cannot be kept cooped up in the small party room just waiting to go home. In all we had very little attention from the employees. The female employees lacked any personality. I all,  I've had better attention and cooperation from other birthday locations than this one. This place is just fine for an hour play but that's it.
1	Went on a Saturday to check this place out.  WAY crowded, smelly (like rotten diapers), and the set up makes it very hard to have physical access to your kid at all times (kids can climb into tight spaces in which a adult could not), kind of claustrophobic.  Not enough seating.  Too much junk (i.e. high chairs, toys, etc.) blocking the store front and shoved into other corners of the very small space.  Overall, the place seem dirty.  Not good.
3	My daughter loves playing here.  At 2.5 she had a great time and was able to climb up and play independently.  Even though it was a long drive I use to love taking her to watch her play.  The only issue I had when we were there was how there were so many rules which made it difficult to let my daughter have a free-for-all fun time.  I didn't want to break any rules - but at the same time didn't want to stop her from having fun.  I get the need to keep the place clean and looking new - but it is a kids place.  Anyone who has raised a kid in Vegas knows what to expect at these public play places and carries hand sanitizer because of it.  If they could just loosen up I would have given them five stars.
4	We have been coming to this place since it opened my kids absolutely love it! It's a super fun place for kids under 10. And the owner charity make sure this place is superclean. I have had two birthday parties there for my kids so far and about to have a third party next week, party prices are decent, (little on the pricey side for not including any food or drink) but the kids have a blast. The reason I took away the fifth star is because It is a little pricey at $9 per kid for two hours of play, and NO SIBLING DISCOUNT!!
3	My kids loved this place.  I enjoyed it also, what I just don't understand is the pricing.  9 bucks is no big deal but if you are like me and have 4 kids it is $36 for two hours of play.  That is crazy!  We won't be going back on a regular basis that is for sure.  You would think they would give sibling discounts that would make it more affordable for parents with multiple children.  Other than that it was fine.
5	I have never written a review on yelp before, but after having taken my grandson to Fun Plus Fun for the second time, I felt compelled to do so. It is a fabulous indoor playground/gym for all young children. My grandson, who is 3 1/2 absolutely loves it there. The facility is spotless, and it is a very safe environment for children. It always smells clean. You can bring your own snacks,or purchase them there at a modest price. The owner is an extremely nice guy, who genuinely likes children. I highly recommend you trying it out. I think that $9 for two hours of non-stop fun for a child is actually quite reasonable. There are no other charges once you get in there unless you choose to buy food. If you want a rousing endorsement ask any of the children who were thrilled to be there today. You can follow Run Plus Fun on Facebook to get updated hours.  You know a place is a success with a 3 1/2 year old when you have to drag him out the door to go home. Run, don't walk to Run Plus Fun!
5	Excellent indoor playground for kids to work out energy! $9 per child& kids of all ages have a ball!  We discovered this place shortly after they opened in 2010, and decided to have our son's 4th birthday party there.  Since then, we have probably been back for 6 other birthday parties (hosted by others!), but this was our first "drop-in" play date there, and it did not dissappoint.  Me and my fellow mom relaxed on a comfy couch while our boys ran and played for the better part of almost 3 hours....and then blissfully fell asleep a couple of hours later at home!  WIN-WIN!!!  They have a large play structure for older kids and a smaller play area for babies and toddlers, away from the "bigger kid" play area.  Very clean, very safe...very, very fun for the kids AND the Moms!  Wifi available for those who want to sit and work ....or play!
4	I'm very happy to come across this indoor playground on Yelp.  I took my 2 year old to play, he was having fun, running around, exploring all the levels.  It is great that to have different tunnels, ball pit, upper level, lower level etc for the kids to discover.   It was my first time to take my kids there, the front desk lady is nice, the parents in there seem like they know each other and friendly.  The only thing you should concern is if your kid is under 3, keep an eye on your kid because the bigger toddler run all over the place in the "bigger" playground might knock your kid over.  So overall, it was a good experience, we got there as soon as they open(9am) and left by 11am, headed home for lunch and nap.  I thought it was a little pricy for playing 2 hours(9 dollars) though and sure won't pay for $500 for a yearly membership but visit there in the winter once in a while shall be good.
5	Awesome place! Super clean and fun!
3	So we went for open play time which is very reasonably priced at $9 a head.They have a big area of play fun for the big kiddos which contains a lot:Big slides, little slides, rope play, tunnels, ball pit, wall climbs, air guns to shoot, and most importantly lots of other kiddos for them to interact with.There is also a  much smaller area of play for the little kiddos. This included a ball pit, small toys they could ride, a tunnel, toys to climb on and play with as well.There wasn't much interaction with the employees during open play. They just kind of walk around. Upon paying, you have to sign a waiver, releasing them of any responsibility or liability from injuries. But son fell down the big slide and was crying and I get that we signed that form, but someone should have come over just to check if he was okay.Other than that, it was a good family time for all of us.
5	Not only was i greeted by friendly staff i got information on what they do. sure it doesn't sound impressive but they take every percussion to make sure children are safe.
2	The equipment here is really nice and my son always has a great time when we go. However, the employees and owners are so rude that it makes me hesitant to spend my money here.
3	this is a really great place, but we paid for a 2 hour birthday and 15 minutes early they came in while we were all eating and started throwing our food and plates away. They told me that they did this 5 minutes prior to the 2 hours. They are not friendly I don't think in the five times we have been there I have ever seen the owner or wife of the owner smile or the employees smile.They don't ever come to see any kid anytime a kid get's hurt. They do not do anything if the big kids throw balls at the little kids even if they little ones get hit.I'm surprised people keep going back but there are no other options in this area.
5	Great place and such awesome Owners! If your kids are 2+, take them here.
1	I so want to love this place. The concept and place itself are great. BUT every time we've gone there one of my kids or myself has gotten sick. We wash our hands like crazy and still end up with something funky. I asked an employee how often they cleaned the ball pits and she told me they last cleaned it 4 days ago! WHAT? That's 4 days of kids sweat, spit, tears, etc. Gross. I wish I could give this place a good review but just can't. Illness has happened way too many times after going there.
4	Overall a great place to play and get all of the kids energy out. They even had a play area for the little kids like my 2 year old. It is a little pricey but overall a great experience
2	I want to like this place, it's fun but not worth the price. Took my three kids and it was almost $30... No sibling discount. My kids had fun, but really, not worth it. I wouldn't recommend it to others. I was going to do a birthday party, but no way.
5	Nice fun place. I think Eastern Europeans have a bad rap for not being 'nice' when I think it's actually their accent that makes them seem that way. I'm first generation and notice that people sometimes take them the wrong way because of this difference. I've met the owners of Run Plus Fun and think they are very sweet and take pride in their establishment. I'll be back for sure. :-)
5	Sitting here doing work on my laptop, my children are having a great time. The price is good and i didn't have to pay for my infant even though he was play on some of the toys. They have free Wi-fi and a comfortable couch for adults to relax. It is not packed and people have room to move around.
5	This place is so cool and very affordable!!!! It's $5 for crawlers and $9 for walkers. The staff was very nice and my 9 month old had a blast. There's 2 sections for older and younger kids. I will def be coming here a lot
5	Loved this place. Just booked it for my kid's birthday party.
4	Took my 3 year old here to play on a windy day. Fun place to take the kids when the weather isn't great. Kind of a small place, but We went on a weekday and it wasn't busy, but I imagine in the weekends it's pretty packed. Will definitely go again. BRING SOCKS! You have to wear socks, adults & kids, so bring them or they sell them $1.25 a pair.
2	Took my 19 month old son here the other day. I guess you can say my son enjoyed himself as it was a lot to take in for him and being able to climb, slide, go on the rocker and roam free. As for me, it just wasn't up to my standards. I only chose this place because it was close to home and had a toddler area. I noticed the wooden floors were taped down in some areas. I didn't like that the drinking fountain was in the toddler area with step stools that were wet. They also had some towels underneath. Not many toys for the kids. They had a walker (looks like a hand me down from the 90's) and a little play-gym-mat for baby's (that also looked old) and that was it. Lots of rockers, soft building blocks, a ball pit (balls were faded so they looked old too) and lots of the giant gym pieces. I didn't like this giant trash can in the toddler area as well. The flooring even with the mat on was hard. The little climbing/stair area to the pit ball area was hard too! So if your kiddo is trying to go up there on their own just be careful, almost felt like concrete. Also had one Fisher Price toy house there that was also faded and didn't even turn on! They had tissue boxes and hand sanitizer on each table. That was a good thing. Two old school mismatched sectionals with a cover on but looks like it didn't fit right. Maybe it was another hand me down couch they just wanted to cover up but the covering was made for it. I wouldn't want to sit on it. They also put cut up mats around the poles and zip tied it. I wouldn't go back unless I had to. It was cheesy for me and some areas are unsafe (at least in my eyes). There was a back room that was dark but I don't what that was for. Even the big kid are looked boring. The only cool thing there was the big kids slide. Oh and $9.00 for 2 hours but we only stayed for about 45 min. That tells yah how much there was to do there. Really nothing I could do interactively with him too. This place is blah.
4	My Son loves this please great way to beat the Vegas Heat and you can bring your own food.
4	I took my one and two year old here.  They had fun.  I think the "big kid" area was a little overwhelming for my two year old.  It was very clean.  Four stars because its a bit $$$.  It was $18 for both my children.
2	This place was ok. 2nd time in a week we went here and the only readon we went back was because the first time I didn't get to go with my hubby and son. The place is neat and the equipment looks clean but $9 per hour isn't too bad for what they have. But they lose HUGE points for only having 1 changing table and it's in the women's restroom. So men, if u come with ur child be prepared to change them in the car or something. Also the guy at the counter was rude and seemed pushy.
4	Love this place! It isn't perfect but you really can't beat the price. A lot of places that I've gone to charge the adults too but this place doesn't, so open gym is only $8 per child. In my opinion, that's amazing. It's way too hot in the summer here in Vegas so we're ok with spending a little money to play indoors with our son. The party prices are kind of expensive though. But other than that this place is pretty great. We had a great time going here for family day and will be back.
5	They have a 3 level "cage" the kids play in filled with slides, ladders and bridges. It has an air pressure gun too. And then there is a room next door for smaller kids which will keep them crawling a long time. They sell snacks. They have adult music playing!  2 kids, a three year old and a six year old is $18.
1	I have taken my two girls here a handful of times over the last year or so, and they have always had a great time.  Today however, is the last time I will ever spend my money at this place.  My girls and I were putting our shoes on because we were ready to leave.  I decided to take my two-year-old to the restroom before leaving because she is newly potty-trained, and I did not want any accidents on the way home.  As I am nearing the restroom, I hear a sort of commotion and I turn to find that one of the owners is running after me.  I realize after a few moments that he is screaming "no shoes! no shoes!"  I completely spaced the no shoes on the floor policy!  I immediately apologized and offered to take my shoes off where I was standing so that I could use the restroom.  The owner interrupted my apology and said loudly and repeatedly that I was "disrespectful."  I was incensed and outraged, but I held my tongue and attempted to explain calmly that I meant no disrespect; it had been a simple oversight on my part.  He walked away from me while I was speaking back to the front counter with a pissed-off look on his face and continued repeating that I was disrespectful.  First of all, how dare he assume that it was my intention to disrespect their "no shoes" policy.  I am sure that in the time their establishment has been open others have forgotten to take off their shoes before walking on the floors (this is apparent in the horrible tape-job that has been done on the damaged areas that should really be professionally repaired).  Secondly, that man had absolutely no right to be so rude to me IN FRONT OF MY TWO GIRLS even after I tried to explain that I had simply forgotten to take my shoes off before trying to take my daughter to the restroom.  Long story short, I left without taking my little girl to the restroom (thankfully we made it home with no accidents).  There is no excuse for the owner of this place to treat me the way that he did.  I feel disrespected by this establishment, and I will be spending my money at the many other places around town that offer similar indoor play-time equipment for my girls.  BEWARE, this place does not tolerate mistakes!
3	This place is very kid friendly and keeps kids even with a lot of energy busy. They have very fast slides for the bigger kids and a smaller area for toddlers and babies. They have a spacious area for parents to sit and watch kids and also to eat snacks. The only only issue is that it's quite expensive per child. My three your old is $9 and it may not seem like much if you go once but is you continue to go--like most parents due because there are not many friendly kid places in Las Vegas, it really starts to add up. If you forget socks for either you or your child it's an extra $1.25. They also sell very unhealthy snacks and there isn't much of a selection. They have chips and sugary drinks--I don't buy any of that for my child. They do allow you to bring your own snacks which is good. I also don't like that they aren't open for long on Saturdays or Sundays due to birthday parties. That's usually our family days and can't go there.
1	Didn't know they required socks for kids AND parents so out friends we were meeting left with us. They refused to give a credit or refund to my friend who'd only been there 20 minutes! First time there and will never go back. It's bad business to make a parent's life harder. And charging $9 an hour for mostly toddler-sized equipment and play area is highway robbery!
4	Good place for the kids to play indoor.  My kids enjoy coming here. I just have to add additional cleanliness please! One time we early and only few kids playing but the place has smell like it wasn't cleaned we have to leave soon. It was only one time incident though. We still love the place for the kids!
5	Held my three year old birthday party there, and I can honestly say, this is the first birthday party where everyone had fun. It was clean and cool inside.  The staff was more than helpful. All my guest kept saying they were happy and their kids were happy. It was nice not to have to clean up anything.
1	Worst place ever! A staff member rudely interrupted and actually told my kids to stop eating! Said if they eat they can't play anymore. Payed for an xtra hour till 8pm and was told they were closing play at 7pm. Staff was very unfriendly and rude! Never have your kids party here!
5	Parents with little ones... Where do you take them to play during the chilly winter or hot summer? Need a little break while they play safely? We found Run Plus Fun & discovered a great place for our son to play. It's on Eastern Ave towards Anthem, between Sunridge Heights and Horizon Pkwy. Here's the rundown:- 3-story indoor playground with slides - separate toddler & infant play area- CLEAN! (Yes, the restrooms, too!)- comfy couch/rest area for parents, equipped with power outlets, tables, & free WIFI.- snacks & drinks available for purchaseWe come during open play times. For $9, your child can play for two hours. Outside food/drinks are allowed, or you can purchase their crackers, juice, or even Red Bull for an energy pick-me-up (hopefully for you, not your kid). Socks are mandatory for everyone, including the parents. If you need to buy a pair, they got you covered! This place has come in very handy, especially when weather doesn't cooperate & my child is dying to get out of the house. It gives you a nice break, letting them run free. What I appreciate is that the playroom is safe, clean, and enclosed with only one exit. You don't have to worry about your little ones getting too far. Plus, their couches are comfortable and relaxing, I've seen a few parents dozing off. The free WIFI is very convenient for those adults who want to work on their laptops or tablets. Weekday hours are 9am-5pm, weekends are 9am-11:30am, which is probably my only gripe about this place. Birthday parties are booked after noon, however, if none are schedule, they will extend their open play hours. Tip: call ahead & ask, or LIKE them on Facebook to see their updated status for that day.I've been to Kids Planet LV & Child's Play and I'd definitely recommend this place if you're in the area!
1	First time ever coming here. We were late due to my work schedule only to find it was cake time. My 2 year old cried to play so noticing no one was on the playground I asked the worker if I could pay for her to play. He was incredibly rude to me saying no I should have been on time to the party and that my working was not his problem. How can you be in the business of kids then be so callous?! HORRIBLE customer service!!
