5	Jackpot.  I was soooo nervous about finding good pizza in AZ.  In Boston the choices were pretty atrocious and I was expecting to have to go on a hunt for a good slice out here.Pulling up to Redendo's was reassuring.  The Yankees logo on the front window was a promising sign.  Walking in and seeing the poster on the wall of the guy flipping a pizza was even more reassuring- that dude was on every box of pizza I ate growing up.  I ordered a slice (and I didn't get asked "what kind?"!) and my husband went with a calzone.  As we waited for our lunch we took in the surroundings and immediately felt at home.  The Whitestone Bridge sign.  The 7 train icon.  The oldies playing on the loud speaker.  Yes, this was looking promising indeed.The pizza was nearly perfect.  I chalk the difference up to the water.  It was everything a NY slice should be...thin, cheesy and yummy.  My husband's calzone was not only huge but amazing.  The marinara sauce was fantastico.  I have found that it's very hard to find good marinara sauce  (too sweet, too tomato-y, etc) and we were very happy to find it here.  I can't wait to try the parms and pasta dishes!
5	Best damned Lasagna in Scottsdale, and probably in Phoenix-Metro.I think the secret is the sauce - same sauce that goes onto their awesome spaghetti.  Really, really good.This is by far the best little pizza joint I've visited.  The pizza's pretty good too, but for goodness sake, eat the lasagna!!
4	I live down the street from this place and must of driven by 100 times without ever noticing it. The other night we finally decided to go in for a quick bite. We had a great pizza, salad and some awesome garlic knots (for only 2 bucks!). I was immediately impressed with the nice waiter who seemed to genuinely care that we were there. The pizza is great, the salad was huge the the garlic knots fantastic (did I mention cheap). The one bad thing was that they were out of Dr Pepper, no big deal though. I decided to try it out again for the lunch special (5 bucks for 2 cheese slices and a drink) and it was very good again. This is where we will get our pizza from this point forward. They do take credit cards but no AM-EX, just FYI. Also closed on Sundays.
5	I went here a few days ago after a hike and worked up an appetite.  A friend showed me the place and I never would have seen it because it is hidden behind some other buildings in front of it.  Had some of the best pizza I've tasted in a while, and I have pizza a lot. I walked in and sat down, but you can also do take out.  The waiter was efficient and polite, which is a big deal.  There weren't that many people there for a Saturday night, but I saw more people come in and do take-out.  The music they play is great.  It's satellite radio on Sirius radio.  40s on 4.  They say it is circa New York in th 1940's, and I would believe it.  Cool vintage pictures on the wall.  Fun place for lunch or dinner.
5	Delicious pie's. Even came back and tried the lasagna.. They have a cute rockabilly girl working there and she is sweet as pie.
4	Fresh bready crust makes this pizza something memorable.  Small, charming, well-lit amosphere.  Reasonable prices and above average food.
5	This place is wonderful! I have gotten food for take out and it was always very good! We order it frequently as a group at the office where I work. They are always accommodating! We went to the restaurant and had lunch and it was also very good! Service was great and quick. Would recommend this place to anyone!
5	I went here today for the first time and I have to say that I fell in love all over again!  Wow!  Pizza is already my favorite food group, and the pizza at Redendo's rocks n' rolls! I had a pizza pinwheel, which was layers of fresh, chewy, melty, mozzarella cheese and spicy (but not too spicy) pepperoni, rolled into soft, yeasty, fresh pizza dough.  This pizza dough is so good I wanted to wrap myself in it!  And the three flavors together, mama mia!  My friends had beautiful and ample ceasar salads, as well as the biggest calzone I've ever seen!  They raved about their food!The restaurant is decorated very comfortably, reminds me of a pizza place in brooklyn new york.  Pictures of celebrities, new york yankees memorabilia, old signs, and more.  Very cool, very clean, and comfortable for a family to go out to dinner together!  If you haven't been there, you really need to try it!  Enjoy!
3	This was a good place to get a pie....Good toppings with a good crust.  When we went out looking for a pizza we were looking for something else and settled with Redendo's and were satisfied.   While we waited for our order to go (we wanted take out so we could have it with a bottle of wine, they don't allow bringing your own bottle) we ordered some of the bread knots, and they were gooooooood.
5	Had take out pizza last week for the first time and it was wonderful. The fennel sausage was so tasteful. I know the dining market has been  hit hard in t his area bbut I hope Redendo's survives..
4	We went on a Friday night about 30 minutes before closing and never felt rushed, although we were the only ones in there and employees were starting to leave.  The wedding soup was good (never had it before), and the pizza had light, cruncy crust, which is how I like it.  I'll be back!
4	We came in at 8:30 on a Saturday night and were literally the only customers in the restaurant.  This seemed like a bad sign and was a bit awkward, but once the food came out, we forgot all about that.The antipasto salad was good, with ham, pepperoni, and artichoke hearts.  It had a light vinegar dressing with a lot of flavor, but the vinegar wasn't overpowering.I got the linguine with red clam sauce, which was excellent.  The saltiness of the clams went wonderfully with the sauce, and the linguine was cooked perfectly.  The dish came with two small garlic breadsticks, which were a tasty addition to the pasta dish.Prices are also very reasonable here - I believe my pasta dish was $12.  And the portions are a good size, with enough that you'll probably have some leftovers to take home.Definitely a good place to visit when you're up in North Scottsdale!
2	Went here for dinner last night.  I was really excited after reading all of the reviews, but...Greek salad was good, but I didn't go for the salad.  I wanted pizza.When our pie arrived, it looked good.  When I picked it up, the crust was nice...bendable, but sturdy enough to support the toppings.  When I tasted it, that's where things went south.Out toppings were jalapeno, feta and spinach, which is our standard for judging pies for the first time.  Red sauce was on the light side.  Cool...not everyone is a fan of red sauce.  I can deal with that.  But, the flavors of the ingredients (including the mozz) seemed to be missing.  It was weird.  It was like there just wasn't enough salt or something...you could kinda get the tastes, but not really.  I want to go back and give this a second try, but I don't know.
4	New to the area and looking for good pizza to take away.  Tried Redendo's after reading the reviews and were very happy!  The spot is hard as heck to find if you don't know exactly where you are going (it's behind Jiffy Lube!) but once we finally got it home, super tasty!  We had ricotta, roasted bell peppers and mushrooms and the ricotta was flavorful, creamy and just great.  The crust is not too thin, not too thick and has its own flavor.  We will get it again!
5	I've been getting fatter at Redendos since Jr year in Highschool when their only location was in Fountain Hills AZ!   Still. The. Best. NY. Pizza. in. AZ.  Hands down.I read a review on here that said the pizza was sub par.  It went on to say that the feta cheese, jalapenos and some other silly ingredients didn't taste good.No kidding.  Pizza has crust, sauce and cheese - dummy.  If you're looking for GREAT NY pizza in AZ skip the Pizza Biancos of the world with their 4 hours waits.  Stop ordering Papa John's with their $25 heated up garbage.  Load up the prius and head to North Scottsdale for the most economical, best tasting pizza in the 10 - 30 price range.Keep it up guys, 15 years strong and still killing it! m I'm headed there now.
3	3.5 StarsGot here about 7:15 on a Saturday night and as previously mentioned in a few reviews the place was almost empty. We were one of three parties. This made me nervous but I trust in yelp like I trust in google maps. If it says turn here.. i turn.. even if I wonder why.I was REALLY nervous when I took a look at the house pies. They were far from pretty or fresh. I had a group so we ordering a whole pizza.We settled on:Whitestone Bridge(Tomato Sauce, Ricotta, Meatballs and Prosciutto):First thing I notice was that the crust was pretty thick for thin crust. Wasn't thick enough to be called anything else. It came out blistering hot but everything was holding together.Was time for that first bite.. was this going to be another tasteless crust Arizona "ny style" pizza? Hrmmmm crunchy yet chewy. Wait... wait I taste something.. salty, yeasty.. ok cool the crust actually has a flavor. Wow this isn't half bad. The crust stood its ground until the last two pieces when crust failure set in at the very center of the pizza.The mozzarella is high quality real cheese. The ricotta is sweet and creamy.  It had some caramelized onions on it which weren't listed as a topping but were a great addition. The meatballs were a-ok. Only thing I didn't like was the prosciutto because it wasn't real.. it was more of a salami. If it had been topped at the end with real paper thin prosciutto it would have been 4 stars easily.The sauce was very thin the pie could have used maybe 1/4 more then it had. The sauce is pretty good a little on the sweet side. Nice strong fresh herb flavor.Garlic Knots(6 Twists of Pizza Dough Tossed in Herbs and Roasted Garlic Served with Marinara Sauce):Simple rustic preparation with a side of their sauce. No complaints other then a little on the over done side.This place is good enough to add to the list of pizza places worth a return visit.
4	I dine at Redendo's once every two to three weeks. They have the best Calzones in the East Valley. Their Calzones are monstrous and consistently delicious. I always order "the make your own" calzone where you can choose up to four toppings. Occasionally I have their garlic knots which are mini garlic rolls and very tasty. The pizza is ok but I'm not a big fan of the meat and vegtables being on top of the cheese. A Cazlone plus soft drink plus tip will set you back about $14-$15.A couple of tips when planning to dine in. Go closer to 6pm and beyond versus 5:30ish because the amonia smell when they mop the place down around 5pm is nauseating. And be prepared to listen to music from the 40's. I'm ok with an occassional tune from the 40's but that's the sacrIfice I make for an excellent Calzone.
4	Nice overall pizza and Italian fare.  Went there with my kid (age 12) who was not particularly thrilled with the Frank Sinatra radio being played.  So I had to explain to him that "The Chairman of the Board" is required listening when eating Italian food.  I'm pretty sure he would have preferred Coldplay. We got a salad, garlic knots and a barbecue chicken pizza.  I know, I know... a barbecue chicken pizza is utterly un-Italian.  But let me explain our situation.  At our house we eat a lot of pizza.  A LOT of pizza.  We have two pizza stones, several dough recipes, a fridge full of cheese and about a half dozen local pizza parlors on speed dial.  So sometimes we need "pizza variety" and this was one of those nights.  Now I fully understand if you're leery of this review because how can you trust a "pizza-review" for an "Italian-joint" when the reviewer goes and orders a BBQ Chicken pizza. You must think I'm a real tool.  But with this amazingly detailed disclosure and warning, I will say that the pizza was really good.  It had nice chunks of tomatoes, onions and the chicken was cooked spot on.  Also (and this is a big bonus) the BBQ sauce was NOT KC Masterpiece or some other routine stuff I often recognize when dining out at lazy restaurants.  The salad was perfect and the garlic knots were good... I would have liked real garlic chunks on them as opposed to just being sprinkled with garlic powder.  The service was great and the owner (I think she was the owner) reminded me of J-Lo! Nice job.
4	You know...I kind of wanted to think this place was weird, but it wasn't.  The lunch special (even available on the weekends which is AWESOME) is totally worth the money.  Where else can you get 2 large slices and a drink for $5?! I mean...come on! Great value, great taste, worth the trip.
5	I actually only had their garlic knots, but I am so impressed that I gave it five stars. Why? Because I do NOT like marinara sauce. I never have. But their marinara (which is made in store) was SO good! Usually I'll just eat my garlic bread w/out any sauce, but this was fantastico! I'm not a huge pizza person, but I'll probably be seeing these guys again soon.
5	Awesome local establishment vibe.  Friendly and efficient staff, etc.  I was able to relax while eating lunch today.
4	The calzones we ordered were fantastic. Eat inside. They have a few tables outdoors, but this restaraunt is located near garbage bins and you smell them if the wind is blowing that way.
3	I've lived in this general neighborhood for several years and had never been to Redendo's.  I decided to give them a try for lunch this week.This is a casual neighborhood Italian place.  I ordered the chicken parm over spaghetti.  Wow, huge portion!  I took  half of it home for dinner the next night.Overall, a nice experience.  Pretty good food, friendly service and reasonable prices.
4	10/21/10My first visit to Redendo's!  Dark wood tables everywhere, a plethora of old photographs adorned the walls, and old crooner songs played loudly overhead- I asked nicely if the volume could be turned down, and thank goodness they obliged!  Too bad a quarter of the FOH was occupied by empty pizza boxes ready to be used- what an eyesore!  The women's restroom was spacious, comfortably decorated, and, most importantly, very clean.  (I accidentally entered the men's room, and while still decorated, it wasn't as elegant as the women's, and it didn't feel as clean and fresh in there, sorry to say.)I was craving for fettucine alfredo, but I asked server Nicole what her favorite dish was on the entire menu, and she pointed to the eggplant parmigiana and said that she and her beau split this dish all the time.  I told her I'd get one of those, but hadn't realized it was a sandwich until later, but no biggie.  I like hot Italian... heroes.  ;)  I then said I wanted pasta alfredo, and she said that was her favorite pasta dish, too [what a coincidence! ;)].  For my next visit, I already decided i was going to try the Popeye's, but I didn't tell her.  When she later revealed that it was her family's fave, I thought either we go for the same flavor combos; this young woman is reading me like a book; or agreeing w/ everything I say.The fettucine alfredo was a beautiful sight to behold, and its garlic parmesan cream sauce was one of the best-looking AND best-tasting parmesan cream sauces (for the price) I've ever had!  Loved the two garlic mini-breadsticks that flanked the noodles, but I wish they were a little crispier.  The eggplant parm was tasty, but it's sliced VERY thin.  I would've preferred it a little bit thicker.  Enjoyed the bread, which I was told was homemade (I've got to find out for sure).  Unfortunately for me, the bread is lined w/ a cornmeal crust underneath.  This makes for a wonderful crunch, but not for a happy and feeling-good Aileen :(  Perhaps I can order their heroes w/ two sandwich tops?  Hmm...
5	My favorite sub in AZ is "Ike's Presidential"  the bread is crusty then soft, the BBQ mustard is AmAzInG.  The pizza slices are reminiscent of the pizza parlors in my New Jersey hometown.  $5.00 for 2 slices with a drink may be the best bargain n town.  These are real N.Y. pizzas, so if you want to impress at your next party, think Redendo's. I have used them to cater several parties and was a hit each time.
5	I called in ahead, just to see if they had the BBQ chx available in slices (I love the CA Pizza Kitchen version, I know..) and they told me they had the cheese, ham and pineapple and the meatball & sausage, which sounded amazing.  I have a thing for meatball subs and my mom's homemade meatballs.  Back to my review, I walked in and grabbed a slice of the meatball and sausage and a slice of cheese.  They warmed it in the oven in about 4 minutes, and I walked back home.  The sausage on that pizza is UNREAL-FANTASTIC-WICKED-SWEET.  The price for 2 slices = 5.75 w tax.  I would recommend to anyone, so long as they love NY style slices.
4	Very good neighborhood pizza joint. Fast fresh pizza and they use good mozzarella cheese with a zesty sauce. Reasonably priced.
4	This is a great place to go and have a quick, cheap lunch!  For less than $5.00, one can have two slices of pizza and a drink!  Not bad at all.  If you want to spend a little bit more, you can add toppings to your pizza and order a side salad.  I love the decor, lots of pictures of the Rat Pack and music from that era too.
2	The wings were disappointing; not crispy and just okay. That is all I tried. It was a take out and the service was good. That's all I got to say right now.
5	I eat here frequently. I really dig the medium extra crispy chicken wings. They also do a really decent job of New York style pizza.They have a GREAT lunch deal: 2 slices of cheese pizza with a drink for $5.00 including tax! Its way better than a CrapDonalds Value Meal!Also a must recommend: The sugarfree lemoncello cheese cake! Sooo good!
5	Do you like crusty pizzas?  Do you like goat cheese and ricotta?  How about some spinach and lots of roasted garlic??  If you like white pizzas (no tomato sauce), then you HAFTA try the Popeye!  I've ordered this pie almost every week since first trying it in late Oct./early Nov. of last year.  Mom couldn't get enough of it; she was the one who'd ask me to order one for takeout at the end of every work week!  :)  She finally asked me to stop getting them late Dec./early Jan., but I never tired of it.  She recently started asking if we could go have some more pizza about three weeks ago; I just bought one last night!  The Popeye is the only variety I've tried here (it's the only white pizza they've got), but with such great flavors on a perfectly crispy crust, I don't want anything else!p.s.  Tried the tiramisu, as well-- Ordered it to-go, but had to try a few bites at the resto.  LOL  Very nice, and not too sweet.  My two complaints were that it needed more espresso and that the slice was a bit small for the price.  (Or maybe it just didn't look so pretty when served in an aluminum bowl.)  Would I order it again?  Hmm... I'll have to get back to you on that!
1	Love the pizza here, with that being said, I have been sitting in the dining area and have been waiting for my pizzas for over 45 minutes past the time they were supposed to be ready. Extremely disappointing.  Owner/manager was sitting out in the car and noticed my frustation but stayed aloof as his underperforming staff frustrated me to the point of this review.
4	Good Pizza for Arizona. They have a great lunch special, 2 slices and a drink for $5 including tax. If you are looking for good pizza in the Scottsdale area come by an
3	I think we ordered the wrong items.  I had a slice of sicilian pizza, my date had the spaghetti, and we split a salad.  Salad was just OK, pizza and pasta were decent but nothing to get super excited about.  If I lived next door I'd frequent this place, but I probably won't see this place again.  Maybe we should have just gotten a regular slice of pizza?
4	This was my first calzone. It was awesome. I came back to LA and  ordered one from one of my local favorites. Not nearly as good. When I'm back in Scottsdale, I'm coming back for sure.
5	Visiting family is Arizona and stopped by for a quick bite to eat. The decor was great, restaurant was nice and clean and service was decent. It was our servers first day so it's hard to judge. However the food.... AMAZING. Make sure you ask for your pizza well done. We also had the pasta primavera with a tomato cream sauce, best tasting pasta I've had in a while. The sangria wasn't the best I've had but it certainly wasn't terrible. GO, you won't be disappointed!
4	After spending the whole morning at a lab to get some tests done, I was starving.  My husband and I decided to get some carb love.  Reading the great reviews, we headed south to Redendo's.  I had the Toni R. Calzone and my husband had the St. Anthony's Feast.  They were huge.  Lots of cheese and sausage on mine.  Really tasty and the crust had the right chewiness to my taste.  We couldn't eat them all.  We have half of each for tonight.  One thing I noticed, though, while we were there for 40 minutes more or less, my husband got 5 refills to his soda, on the other hand, I had to get up and ask for my refill. I know my husband is devastatingly handsome, but come on, give the girl a little love!
5	I've lived in Scottsdale since 1994 and didn't eat Redendo's pizza until now. I have been missing out.I turned to Yelp because my aunt was visiting us from Southern California and was in the mood for pizza. The pressure was on to find the best pizza place in town and Redendo's is literally the highest rated pizza place in Scottsdale. We checked out the Yelp reviews and ordered the Popeye's Pizza based on the recommendations. Spinach, goat cheese, garlic & ricotta, oh my! This pizza is amazing, we ordered 2 other ones (plain cheese & veggie), but the Popeye's was gone in 2 seconds.I don't know if they deliver - we ordered carry out. They have cute little "parking meters" out front so don't panic like I did, they are for decoration. My only lament is that I wish they had a more standard veggie pizza that was easier to order a pizza loaded with veggies. If you "build your own" it gets too expensive for a veggie pizza - but the ingredients are good so, sure, it's worth it, but ya know. The prices in general - fyi - aren't cheap - but did I mention this was amazing pizza? Order the Popeye's Pizza!
4	We had a really good experience.. Started off with garlic knots which were really inexpensive yet quite tasty.. Still gooey! Ordered wings which were okay.. The flavor was a little bland but they still tasted pretty dece... On to the main course, a 16 inch Sicilian. Epic. Humongous!! Really good doughy base, cheese was great! So filling we made it last for several meals afterwards as left overs... Fair priced, pizza was only $14.. Service was friendly but it took quite a while to get the food. All things considered, the pizza sealed this place as a memorable and nice experience.
4	I am always on the lookout for new-to-me places to try pizza, on the hunt for that elusive perfect crust/sauce/topping combo. Tucked away in a strip mall and not clearly visible from the street, Redendo's probably has the best you have never tasted (but should!). On our initial visit we went with a pie that had mushrooms, 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 sausage. It was good... very good! Doughy yet crisp crust, with ample topping coverage and a flavorful sauce. Even Mr. "I Grew Up In NY" approved, which is high praise. We also tried the linguine with clams - tasty and a generous portion. However, the pizza was clearly the highlight. You know a restaurant has earned a spot in the rotation when halfway through the meal the discussion involves what will be ordered on the next visit. We already knew what we wanted... the Popeye - a pizza highly recommended by fellow Yelper Aileen B... We ventured back a week later and started with the pepperoni pinwheel appetizer - a small stromboli-like roll of cheese and pepperoni, encased in the fantastic crust. A nice start to the meal, especially when paired with ranch dressing (I know, weird but good - try it!). On to the main attraction... the Popeye!  A wonderful pizza with the same fantastic crust we enjoyed previously now topped with spinach, goat cheese, ricotta and thin, slightly crisp slices of roasted garlic. Delicious! It is now the standard by which every other white pizza is measured.  While Redendo's is clearly a favorite, I do have to point out a couple of small details that for me are a bit annoying - they charge the price of two full toppings if you go half and half on a pizza. I never understand this - it is not a full serving of topping for half a pizza, why charge full price? Also, while it was recommended to try ranch dressing with the pinwheel (yum!) it was not discolsed that there is a charge for it.  These small things definitely will not keep me away - the food is great and the service friendly. A perfect combo! Listen to Popeye and eat your spinach... on a pizza!
5	Consistently excellent.  We enjoy the food here regularly and enthusiastically recommend the pizzas and pastas - fresh, flavorful, and crave-able.  Redendo's is a hidden gem that you should visit again and again.
3	I just moved here from So Cal. Redendo's is near where I'm living. Read a lot of positive comments on yelp so I gave it a shot! I ordered a pizza for carryout. One suggestion.... Get a price quote before you hang up the phone. I was very surprised when I get there to pick up my pizza and the buttons on the register kept getting pushed! They have a funky rule that 1/2 pizza toppings count as a whole. In other words, I ordered 1/2 ham & pineapple and 1/2 pepperoni and mushroom and was charged for 4 toppings vs 2. OK... My bad I guess. It is mentioned on their menu. Just have never experienced anything like that! The pizza was good. If you order correctly, a good deal, too!  Many reviews suggest the crust is the right mix of chewy and crusty.  I'd agree with that.  The toppings were fresh and the sauce was yummy.  I'll go back but probably try a few other places first as I settle in.Maybe would have scored 4 starts with out the topping confusion...  Just a bummer that what I thought was going to be a $16 pizza ended up north of $22,
4	I live right up the street from this restaurant, I was craving good Italian food, so decided to try this restaurant,  the last time my husband and I tried it, it was about 5 years ago, it was a different restaurant then.  Ordered the lunch special which is two slices of pizza and a beverage for $5.49' the pepperoni pizza was delicious, the garlic bread was good, but the spaghetti was just OK, While I was eating it, I was thinking to myself I could make better spaghetti then this, I would definitely go back for the pizza !
3	This place is right down the place where we live and it's been growing on us as a quick place to grab a pizza. The crust is thin and we order it a little extra crispy. It's not a really saucy pizza either, so if you like a little more sauce, just ask.  The cheese pizzas here seem to be what we have been ordering lately.They are very friendly and accommodating to whatever you like.  We've tried the little pizza roll, and it was good, just a little heavy to get as an appetizer if you are getting pizza too.  Definitely good in a pinch and if you are in the area! :)
4	Great small place with big flavors, love the rat pack playing at times. But the location is quite peculiar, it's behind a Safeway. Other than that check it out a try a calzone or one if their garlic knots!
4	Let me start off this review by saying that we give Redendo's here 4 stars for dine in only; take-out has not been as good for us, averaging 3-3.5 stars. I'll explain...There is a funky charm to this friendly down-home neighborhood eatery. You miss out on that experience if you do pick-up. So we recommend eating in! When we visit the restaurant, at first, the service seems to be "challenged" with a lot of customers, but interestingly enough, our waitress is still fun and attentive, spunky even. Glasses almost always get filled in a timely fashion, and we never have to wait long for food.The food itself is very good; we almost always order the pepperoni pizza and meatballs for my picky husband and son (who is pickier? That is a toughie) and they declare the freshness of the toppings and doughiness of the crust to be well "above average" and "yum-o." I stick to the salads and pasta; my favorite sauce is the alfredo---it is so rich and creamy with just the right amount of thickness. I give it, on pasta with grilled chicken, a solid 4 stars. On the other hand, I don't like the red sauce we had with the meatballs as much. I found it a bit bland and watery for a red sauce.So that's our "dining in" experience, ranked at 4 stars. Like I said, when we've gotten take-out, it just isn't as fresh tasting and we miss the dining room's charms. Regardless, we'll keep eating here once a month or so to enjoy the ENTIRE restaurant experience.
5	Wow. I'm seriously impressed! Redendo's had been popping up in my Yelp nearby Feed for a few weeks now and I kept meaning to stop by. I'm so glad I did.I ordered a small Caesar salad, an order of garlic knots and a calzone to go. About 15 minutes later I walked out the door with a package of food that smelled like an Italian heaven. The "small" salad was huge and fresh. The garlic knots were delicious, as was the side of marinara that came with it. The real star is the calzone. I don't know what I was expecting, but this far exceeded any ideas I could have had. The thing is huge. It's basically a pizza folded in half. Mine had ricotta, fresh tomatoes, sausage and roasted garlic. Ridiculous. So good. I'm still enjoying it and I had the thing like three days ago!All that was $16 and it lasted me about three days. Highly, highly, highly recommended!
5	Note to management - The crew you had working this past Monday night is your "A" TEAM. My calzone was cooked to perfection, my only regret is that I didn't take a picture of it. My dinning companions were equally impressed with the hot meatball sandwich and chicken parmasean. It was a perfect meal after driving back from the left coast. The service was outstanding too.
5	Another favorite spot for a business lunch.  I especially love their garlic knots...yum!  It's a casual atmosphere and generally great location to have a meeting with a couple of colleagues (not loud at all).  They have a great lunch special and their salads are fantastic as well.
1	I don't know why this place gets anything beyond one star. My experience here was absolutely horrific; Horrific due to the service. First off, the waitress never greeted me and never smiled. It took five minutes just to get a menu out of her, plus I had to go up to the front counter to give her my order. I waited another 15 minutes for my water and she wouldn't have brought it if I hadn't flagged her down and begged her for something to drink! A couple came in and sat down at the booth next to me. She never acknowledged them because she was too busy fiddling with the cash register. They got up and left after 5 minutes of being ignored. I don't blame them. Oh, and I forgot to mention that the kitchen ran out of cold cuts for the sandwich I ordered. This was during the peak lunch rush, mind you. Not a good sign that a restaurant doesn't plan well for its peak hours. I ordered the meatball parm hero instead. I also forgot to mention that my water glass was absolutely filthy. Yes it was!As for the sandwich that finally came out. It was okay. The meatballs were tasty but the whole thing could have used more sauce. I found it to be a tad dry. Anyway, by this time, I was so pissed off that they could have put a lobster with drawn butter in front of me (my favorite food) and it wouldn't have mattered. The waitress was so afraid of me that she had her coworker come to my table and ask me if everything was "okay." I found that to be a rather ridiculous question given the fact that they KNEW I wasn't happy. So when she asked me if everything was okay, I sternly replied, "NO!" Did she offer any sympathy for my plight? NO, she did not. Did she offer to make it better? NO, she did not. After that, I didn't even bother waiting for the bill. I threw a $10 on the table and left. I will NEVER go back.
4	This location has great customer service. I had a problem with an order and they were very kind and reimbursed me after I spoke with the owner. The atmosphere is very family friendly and clean.
3	I'm really giving this place 2 stars on service and 4 stars on food.  The food, all of it is really great, some of the best pizza I've had, all of the country.  The service,, well, sux.  The girls are rude and awkward which makes the whole experience a bit off.  It's a more fast food/sit down place so I'm not looking for an experience but I don't want to feel like I'm putting the waitress out either.  I've since started doing the takeout to avoid the staff LOL but the food is delish.
4	9 co-workers and myself came here today for lunch. It was my birthday and I decided to try someplace new.  It was very quiet inside which was nice because we had a large party, but I don't know where all the people were! The food was really delicious. We split 3 pizzas: the Nico Antonio, Whitestone Bridge, and Aunt Marguerite. The cheese was awesome. The crust was soft but crispy in the right places. And, because it was my birthday they gave me a free cannoli with a candle in it and a fake rose with a "Happy Birthday" sign. What a nice touch! I am excited to come back and try an individual meal and perhaps one of the appetizers.
5	I love calzone's but it is very hard to find a place that makes them well. Redendo's is the first place I've found that really nails them. We've been here about 5 times since finding it a couple months ago and have never been disappointed.1. The calzones are a great deal ($8 for a few standard ones $9 for build your own with 4 toppings included)2. They are HUGE!!! I eat a lot and usually cannot finish more than half a calzone3. Great combination of cheese and toppings inside, not too much of either.4. Cooked to perfection (crispy on the outside but no doughy spots in the middle)5. Fast and Friendly service if you dine in or carry out.If you are looking for a Calzone in Scottsdale this is your place.
1	Average food - had the worst service last night from a young man.  We were the only table in the restaurant at 8:15 - our server was rushing us out
2	10/21/12Ordered one of my usuals, a large Popeye, for takeout.  Tonight's pizza http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5mmF-H_4emxvultbneKFWQ?select=3Sdqi6icPQRcdiKTp1rf6g#9kvlhcd8-501LorXKJMh6g was, unfortunately, a terrible rendition- the worst I've had in recent weeks, and the worst I've had from Redendo's since I started dining here two years ago.  (Wow!  I hadn't realized, until now after looking through my reviews, that tonight's visit marked a date exactly two years from the day I first ate here!)  I had just clocked out of work and called Redendo's to place my order in, and the timetable given from ordering to pick up is 20 minutes, so I swung by a nearby drugstore to return some unused merchandise.  By the time I arrived, it probably was closer to thirty minutes since I got off the phone.  A young man I'd recognized as having taken down an order wrong a few weeks ago handed me the pizza box and stated that he had made the pizza himself, which struck me odd since I only knew him to man the register, answer the phone, or retrieve orders/entrees from the back.  Whoever hands me my pizzas usually shows me the finished product before I pay for it, so he opened the box and I just took note of the spinach and the ricotta and said it looked great and hoped that his creation tasted just as good as it looked.I tore into the box as soon as I arrived home and from the first bite, I already knew that this was a subpar product.  A couple of months ago, I started to request "light on the mozzarella and heavy on the ricotta," but tonight I forgot to specify this, so I was delighted to find that this pizza had a lot of ricotta on it.  However, the mozz AND the goat cheese were completely absent from this product!  There was, however, a LOT of garlic.  If you look at the photo included, you'll see there's a lot on the pizza and on the box that have fallen off of the two slices I popped into the toaster oven, and I assure you that there were PLENTY on those slices.  It was pretty obnoxious, but I persevered and ate the garlic pieces, which were much thicker than normal.  I know garlic is good for the health, and I'm still recovering from a very recent upper respiratory infection, so I decided to overlook this oversight tonight.  Unfortunately, I couldn't ignore how awful it was the next night, as the pizza tasted even worse (very bland), so much so that I couldn't even enjoy the rest of it.  It's very important to note that on both nights I ate this pizza I also suffered from headaches.  I've never suffered headaches after eating pizzas from Redendo's before, so this was also unpleasing.  I wondered if the new guy added something to the pie.  I wondered why he even made the pie himself, and not the regular cook/chef?  If no one was able to create and bake a pizza worthy of Redendo's reputation, of which I've testified to in my reviews and by word-of-mouth, why not just tell me on the phone?  I could've ordered something else.  I could've spent $25 (including tip) on other entrees and not on this disastrous Popeye interpretation...I am very sorry not to be able to partake in the pizzas, calzones, and chicken fettuccine Aflredo entrees from here in the future anymore, since I now cannot trust the quality and presentation of the products served here, but I thank Redendo's for the great pizzas Mom, other relatives, and I did have in the past!
2	Boring is the word that comes to mind. The pizza was flavorless and soggy. We took it home and rebaked it added some spice and it was ok. Had frozen that was better. There has been a management change int the last couple of months so that may explain but we had one slice and threw it out.
