4	Probably the nicest restaurant proprietors in The Valley. These people are AWESOME. Blue Fin is a great lunch place...healthy, fast, inexpensive and tasty. The atmosphere is simple and clean. The only bad thing about this restaurant is that they're not open late enough, and they remain closed on the weekends. But again, the number one draw to this place is clearly the people. The owners are wonderful, and so is every other person who works there. I can't say enough!
4	What? Only one review for Blue Fin on Yelp (as of October 2007)? That's crazy! This place is a true gem. Oh wait, maybe that's why there's only one review...Well, not to overcrowd this little spot which is usually busy enough, but I have to sing their praises a little bit. Blue Fin serves very good, healthful Japanese food and is run by some of the sweetest people you'll ever meet (thanks Howard and Betsy!)I've tried many things on the menu and it's all very tasty. However there's one dish that I always go back for and find myself craving - the white meat teriyaki chicken. Yes, I know, teriyaki is the most common Japanese dish in America, but Blue Fin's is simply awesome. Most restaurants serve teriyaki as chicken with commercially-made sauce squeezed on top. But Blue Fin marinates their chicken in a homemade teriyaki that's just incredible. It's a big serving and I rarely leave any on the plate. Order it with the salad and it's even better - the best asian salad dressing beside's flo's asian kitchen. And sprinkle on some of the spicy seasoning that's on the table, too. hard to beat it.Only drawback lately is all the construction around the area, but hey that's downtown these days. And we're lucky Blue Fin is still there - the city had planned to buy and demolish the building, but customers put up such a fuss they decided to let them stay. Hurray for democracy! And hurray for Blue Fin!
5	Sounds of stirring, lunchnears and my appetite waitsmy neighbor enters.Quick we drive to itA simple place but look-busy!Still no wait to sit.Varied menu greets usI choose the daily specialFood like its home-made.Service is friendly.Order comes quickly to you,Owners always smile.Soon it's time to gomy thoughts turn food away, but lookmy wallet not empty.
4	I'm always in the mood for rice bowls, I guess you can call me a rice bowl connoisseur, so I decided today to try The Blue Fin. I decided to start the meal with an order of Inari Tofu Pockets and follow that by a vegetable bowl with brown rice and tofu. Service was very quick and the place was spotless. When my food arrived, I was extremely impressed. The inari pockets were large enough to be a meal on their own! I thought the inari were absolutely delicious and ate all three. The bowl was packed with vegetables and for $1 extra I got a TON of tofu in the bowl, perhaps the whole block! I left feeling stuffed and guilty (because I ate so much food). Good food here!
5	The Blue Fin is a great little place and it truly needs our love. Due to the light rail biz for them has dropped a bit. I've never been disappointed with anything I have ordered. The gyoza is great, the beef curry and chicken curry bowls are huge, filling and delicious. I'm always looking for good ice tea and Blue Fin has it. The owners and staff are always friendly and very accomodating. This place is small and around lunch time can be packed. They do have a drive thru and if you call ahead all you have to do is pull up to the window and your food is waiting. The drive thru window as far as I know is only for call in orders you can't just pull up and order food.My only complaint is they are not open on weekends.
5	Hands down the best teryaki in the world. i'm really not exagerating. this place is awesome. i have been going to blue fin off an on for the past 20 years. i remember as a child going to florance crittenden after getting a teriyaki bowl with half a salad. every chance i get i drop by this place. the teriyaki bowls are serious. not skimping on portions at all. and if you seriously off a diet, they have double meat portions. :D    i like the dark meat chicken version. drop on a heavy sprinkling of the hot powder and some black sesame seeds. OMG!!! the best in the world.  the Panko chicken is my second favorite dish. the egg rolls are great. the owners are always great, cheerful and ready to chat you up. i was so glad to hear this place was spared the wreaking ball. i would have chained myself to the door if it came to it. inside is cute and hasn't changed..in forever. i am serious. ever.getting to it is tricky now. and parking is just as tricky. but its worth it. SOOOO WORTH IT
4	Since I love sushi and have been eating all varieties of Asian food since high school, I tend to avoid ordering teriyaki dishes when I go to Japanese restaurants. Not only do I find the teriyaki sauce that Japanese places typically use to be too sweet, but there is always so much - sushi, edamame, seaweed salads - at good Japanese places that I would rather spend my money on and fill my stomach with. Going forward, Blue Fin will be an exception to this no-teriyaki rule of mine. In fact, I may even go there *because* of the teriyaki. My husband and I stopped in for lunch. We both ordered the teriyaki combos (served with salad and rice) - he got beef and I got the white-meat chicken. Both were priced around $6. The food took a while to come out, and there were no seats left inside, so we had to sit outside, but the owner/manager was super nice, offering to re-seat us inside when tables became available and to bring us our food when it was ready. When she brought our plates, we were shocked at how huge the portions were. Yes, there was tons of salad (with a delicious sesame dressing) and white rice, but there was also a *lot* of meat. My husband and I believe ourselves to have larger-than-average appetites, but we could barely finish one plate and vowed to split one next time. So, the portions were huge, but the teriyaki flavor was also amazing. It was subtle and flavorful but not too sweet, serving to bring out the flavor of the meat and not just provide a sticky and overwhelming glaze. The black sesame seeds and spicy powder they put on the table were nice add-ons but weren't even necessary since the sauce was so flavorful. I am, however, docking The Blue Fin a star because the quality of my husband's beef wasn't as high as that of the chicken; it was fatty and hard to chew. After years of avoiding teriyaki, The Blue Fin makes me actually crave it. Plus, it's affordable and has a super-friendly staff. I will definitely be back.
4	The food was fine on my only visit to Blue Fin, when my son and I stopped in on a hot, off peak summer afternoon following a library assignment., but what  we remember most was the elderly Japanese lady who refilled our drinks, took several moments to chat, and repeatedly referred to my son as "Son". Or possibly "San" - I'm not entirely sure. She just had a gentle grace about her, from another culture, and another era, that made a lasting impression on my teenager. That was three or four months ago, and he still brings her up every so often. "Hey Dad. Remember that lady at Blue Fin?""What's that?"Oh, who am I kidding.  She made an impression on me too.
4	How have I not written a review for Blue Fin?This isn't going to be the most useful review, because all i can say is that I agree with most of the comments others have written.  Just a word of warning.  Every single time I've been there I've melted the tastebuds off my tongue.  I try to allow my food to cool, but I just can't.  I'm impatient, and maybe a little stoopid.
4	Went to Blue Fin for lunch today. The service was quick and very kind. My vegetarian egg roll was perfectly crispy and flavorful, and for the first time in my life I didn't have to spit the first bite back out because it was too hot for consumption. Not sure what happened with my Vegetable Yakisoba, but it had NO flavor. Really, none. When I got it home I had to smother it with Soy Vay, which is kind of sad. I'll definitely go back (the price is right), but with a different game plan in mind for my order.
4	Yay for me, they open at 10:30am.  Service quick and helpful. Owner (I think) was present and seemed to know quite a few of the regulars. I had the panko chicken with an egg roll. Both were simple, yet above average. Quite a selection for such a small place.  All of the items I saw were pretty big or almost too big for a single serving.  Prices are a buck or two more than you might pay for at your average rice bowl shop, but it's worth it.I'll be back. Soon.
4	On my first and only visit to this restaurant I experienced a rare level of genuinely kind and friendly service. I want to go back for no other reason than the world needs the Blue Fins to keep some remnants of good old service with a smile. When delivered correctly, as Blue Fin does it, you realize that too many places are overdoing it by investing hundreds of thousands of dollars in appearances. This place is a good model for any restaurant owner/manager who is struggling with getting their troops to provide more than sub-par service...Oh, and I almost forgot about the food. Priced right, tasted fresh, and worth a return trip.
4	Best panko, Katsu, bento box style lunches in the metro valley.good location right off the cultural stop along the light rail on central.Family ownedprices are super reasonableIt's one of those places you crave and wish it were closer to where you live.  I try to stop by this place whenever I can - don't miss it.
5	The Blue Fin is my favorite Teriyaki stop in the valley.  To begin, the service here is awesome!  For such a casual restaurant, they really know how to make you feel welcome.I absolutely love the food here too.  Great appetizers, spring rolls, inari, sunomono, etc.  Being vegetarian, I always order the same...Steamed Vegetable Bowl.  For the money, you get a TON of food here.  The teriyaki sauce is perfect, not too sweet like some of those chain places.Did I mention that the service here is the best?The only thing wrong with The Blue FIn; they are not opened on the weekends, Monday through Friday only.
5	I need to update my review of Blue Fin. This place absolutely rocks; that's probably why you can find me eating lunch here 4 out of 5 weekdays, seriously. I haven't ever had a bad experience here after finding this gem and cannot speak higher of everything about they provide. Service, quality and freshness of food, as well as value, cannot be found elsewhere.
4	I really wanted Asian food for lunch and to get out of the office on foot. Lucky for me, The Blue Fin met both requirements. (Sorry, I do not consider Pei Wei Asian food) I had heard about this place and always wondered about the dinky place with the blue awning. First off, I was impressed for a mom-and-pop place with a drive-thru window, it was pretty immaculate. I noticed while sitting down to wait for my order, there wasn't a crumb on any empty table. The woman behind the counter was friendly and seemed to know a lot of the people coming through. As for the food, I was pleasantly surprised when I tasted my chicken teriyaki vegetable bowl with brown rice. The chicken wasn't drenched in an overly sweet sauce like a lot of Japanese places. It had this smoky flavor like it had been on the grill, not something I'm used to with teriyaki. I certainly didn't mind it. Also, the cabbage, carrots, etc. had some flavor to them and they didn't taste like they had been overcooked or terribly greasy like at a Panda Express. I felt full afterward, but not in a gross "I ate too many onion rings" kind of way. The bowl cost about $6.50 which I consider reasonable. The place also has a watercooler where you are free to fill 'er up. When the cashier wasn't busy, she came around and grabbed my cup to refill it for me. Nice touch. Now, I gave it four stars not because I'd call it a four-star restaurant but for what it offers considering it's "fast food" and for the good manners. I'll definitely come again. I could see meeting someone there for lunch or hogging a table just to read a book in between noshing on teriyaki.
4	I was in the mood for chicken teriyaki so the BFF & I decided to give Blue Fin a try today before the Suns game. From the looks of it, one would expect a dingy little hole in the wall, but it's actually very clean inside. I secretly did a happy dance when I saw shakers of Japanese chili powder and black sesame seeds on each table.. two of my favorite condiments! As we approached the counter, we were greeted by a cheerful and helpful lady, whom I later deduced is the owner's daughter. My friend asked which dishes were the most popular and she said, "chicken teriyaki, panko chicken, pork katsu and chicken curry." I ordered the (dark meat) chicken teriyaki combo (comes w/ rice & salad) since that was my craving at the time and the BFF ordered 1/2 chicken 1/2 beef teriyaki combo (it's not on the menu, but the lady was nice enough to accomodate the request). Our heaping plates arrived a few minutes later and we hungrily dug in. After the first bite, I realized I was kind of disappointed by the chicken teriyaki because the meat was very dry and it was heavily marinated in sauce. I think they gave me white meat, but we were short on time and the lady was busy serving others so I didn't bother asking. The BFF enjoyed his beef & chicken combo which doesn't surprise me since he's very easy to please when it comes to food.  I ate a few more bites so I wouldn't starve during the game and packed up the rest for the BFF to take home. Oh yeah, the salad was OK. Nothing special about it, but I should have figured it wouldn't be since it was only an additional $.80 from a regular teriyaki bowl. The lady working was not only very nice & helpful when we ordered, but she also went above and beyond what one would expect from a fast food type place. She asked us once or twice if we're doing OK, asked if we needed more rice and as we were about to toss our plates, she offered to do it for us. I also noticed she was just as friendly to the other patrons.. even offered a guy a sample of the chicken teriyaki because he didn't know what to order. I'd really rate the food at 3 stars, but added an extra for the super nice lady. I'd give something else a try the next time I'm in the area just because she was *that* nice.
4	I found this place back when I was working in the downtown area. Always in a rush for lunch and the traffic from everyone getting lunch in the area this place was perfect. I always love Japanese comfort food. Katsu chicken is always a favorite especially with a little miso soup. I love the great staff there, always friendly and helpful. The older staff is always up beat and friendly and give me a sense of security as it reminds me of my grandma. I definitely recommend this place to everyone, way better than any of those "blah blah bowl" chains.
4	I'm a teriyaki fiend.I buy all the expensive kinds of bottled teriyaki sauce from AJ'sI make my own in all different waysI try every place that has teriyaki sauce on stuffI was SUPER pysched to try Blue FinIt was good.Great.Few suggestions though.I like spicy teriyaki sauce.  They serve a "spicy" version, but its not a different sauce.  It's just the regular chicken teriyaki with some red chile sauce drizzled.I would have preferred just to put the red pepper from the shaker on top.... but alas.  Live and learn.The women who work here are the CUTEST THINGS EVER!They're sooooooooo sweet.  I loved them.So yeah, this place is pretty darn great.
5	I can't say much about this place because I do the same damned thing every time.  Pull up to the drive through window, smile at the nice lady, order a teriyaki combo or two and some rolls, and peel out with my food in two minutes or less.I can't imagine it's the toughest thing in the world to make consistently good teriyaki, but I'll tell you what, those people are friendly every damned time I roll through.  And the food is always still hot and delicious when I plop down on my sofa to dig in.  Oh, and the salad dressing for the combo salad is yum.  God, I think this place might have been around back when I was in high school.  Way to keep it rolling!  Five stars, baby!
5	I hadn't checked Yelp before going here, but it's on the light rail and I've been wanting to eat here for weeks. It just so happened that I was split between two offices today and Blue Fin was in the middle. So, I exited off McDowell and was treated to the amazing aromas of BF. Upon entering, I'm greeted by the nicest lady I might have ever met. She admires my plaid jacket. (BTW, there's a Yelp sticker on the door!) After reviewing the menu--which has a good selection of choices--I decide on the panko fish over white rice. That wonderfully kind lady was sad to see me leave because she wouldn't get to see if I liked my food. Waiting at the LR station, I was glad I picked up an extra pair of chop sticks because some crazy-eyed man was looking at my bag. Although it had been about 10 minutes from the time I received my food to the time I walked back into my office, the food hadn't really cooled down all that much. Nice! The fish was super crispy on the outside yet marvelously moist inside. And the rice was good too. I'll definitely be back, kind lady. And hopefully I'll be able to eat there with you so you know how much I appreciate great food and expectational service.
4	This spot was always a regular drop for me when I was spent time studying for the GRE at the library. From what I've heard, this place has been around for quite a while which is a testament to the food they serve. It's important to know that this place isn't authentic Japanese, it's American Japanese, so prepare your taste buds accordingly. So far, this is the only place that I've found in Phoenix that serves Japanese curry. This isn't like hot sauce over a dish, this is the real deal.As far as the food goes, it definitely hits the spot and is always sure to please. My usual tends to be the chicken curry. They really know how to pack in the flavor and make a portion that's not too big and not too small. My only complaint is that they tend to go a bit over on the onions. Another thing to pick up while you're there is their Japanese soda. I forget the name of it, but it comes in a glass bottle and it has a glass ball that rolls around inside. It's refreshing and fun to drink as well. The sushi here is kinda "eh", but it fills you up and chances are that if you're eating there you're not looking for top quality sushi.My impression of the place is that it's family owned by the women that work there. The older one is really friendly and makes sure that you're enjoying your meal after she serves it to you. You can tell that they really appreciate your patronage and want you to come back. It's always a good thing to know that the owners of a restaurant are passionate and take pride in what they do and treat it as more than just a job.It's been a while since I've been here, but I really need to swing by again. Some people would probably just brush this place off as some small food hut on a street corner. That would be a huge mistake. This place is like the Yoda of Phoenician restaurants in that it reminds you that, "Size matters not."
5	1 Star: Being greeted by the sweetest, wittiest older Japanese woman upon entering1 Star:  Every photo of every menu item on the wall makes you want to order them all1 Star:  Wonderful sticky rice, imported Panko and grain fed Chicken1 Star:  The clientele of firemen, business types and hipsters lets you know this is a local joint1 Star:  The older lady saying, "Excuse my Boarding School reach," when she grabs your tea to refill for the 3rd time.This is delicious, low cost Japanese comfort food.  Teriyaki, Panko Fish, Sushi, Japanese Curry.  Delicious.
5	I have been eating at Blue Fin for easily 10 years. This family owned restaurant in midtown phoenix, is well worth the drive! The food is fantastic and the service is worlds beyond any other business i have been too. My favorite is the Beef Bowl special!
5	I love this place. I'd consider moving back to Arizona just for The Blue Fin (not really but maybe). Really really good food, very decent prices, quite healthy portions...only cons:close earlyno weekendsBut great sushi, great Japanese food, etc etc etc
4	We traveled from California to stay in Goodyear for a few weeks and we looking for a good and simple lunch. After reading all the reviews on yelp we just had to try it. This casual  cafe is run by a Chinese family from Southern California. When we arrived for lunch, the place was packed with a lot of business workers looking for a cheap and quick lunch. Many people also ordered take out. The workers were fast and efficient. This place mainly serves teriyaki rice bowls and rice plates. The rice bowls were so delicious that we had to come back again later to order take out for our dinner. We highly recommend this place for you to try.
4	I had very high expectations for this place after all the Yelp praise, expectations Blue Fin mostly lived up to. The place itself is nothing special, although they do have a big patio for when the weather is cooler. However, the food is very good and super cheap. Their daily special is quite the bargain - $6.75 gets you chicken teriyaki (all white meat, if you prefer, at no extra cost) over white rice with a side salad and two mini spring rolls. The spring rolls were very good, although a little greasy. The salad was good, although a little warm. The chicken teriyaki was great, but not your traditional teriyaki. Unlike most places, it seems like they cook the chicken in the sauce so that it's coated with the teriyaki flavor, rather tossing the chicken with the sauce or pouring sauce on top before serving it. That makes it a little more dry than I'm used to, but it also gives it a nice smokiness. Their sauce is a little less sweet than my Americanized Japanese palate is used to (Yoshi's, for instance, has a much sweeter sauce), but it's definitely more authentic. The best part of this place is the service - the people here are incredibly friendly, welcoming, and helpful.
5	I hang my head in shame that I did not make this my go-to Teriyaki joint sooner. I knew of it, I remember eating it at the Matsuri Festival years ago, but for some reason I just did not bother to stop into the restaurant.I'm so glad I did, I now make the drive down Central ave at least once a week to get my fix.  Food is fresh and plentiful. Staff are insanely nice. And they don't mess around.You will literally get a PILE of chicken in your bowl. Delicious, hot, steamy, falling-out-everywhere chicken. A mountain of chicken, if you will. I hate that they're not open on the weekends, but I just couldn't bring myself to dock a star for that.
3	Japanese fast food made to order for you by a lovely Chinese family.  You will be welcomed warmly and their hospitality will make you feel like you are having dinner at their home.There are so many menu options here besides the tried and true teriyaki chicken! I'd recommend giving this place another try if you did not find the teriyaki to your liking (i personally don''t care for as much sauce on mine).  The panko fish dish could hold its own with the fish at any fish n chips or fried fish joint in town - beautifully textured and fried crispy outside, tender and moist inside.  Served on a bed of rice which to me is the perfect accompaniment to fried food in lieu of frenchfries.All of the menu items are pictured on the wall to aid in your decision making.  Friendly affordable unpretentious Asian fast food, nothing more nothing less.Located right across the street from the Central/McDowell Road light rail stop.  Would be the ideal place to get a bite to eat or a takeout order to go on your way to the ballpark for a weeknight game, or before hitting the streets for a First Friday artwalk.Open till 6:30 pm Monday-Friday.
4	My boss took me here for my birthday last month and I was SURPRISED! I thought hmmm, little crowded, little small, little dirty.... not impressed, AND THEN... I tried the avocado crab salad and I saw the clouds parting above and angels coming to sing hallelujah. This place has AMAZING food. My friend and boss had the same thing but tells me the Teriyaki bowls are good too and I will be back to try them. The atmosphere was very homey as I discovered once I got over my claustrophobia. All the other customers seemed to be VERY friendly and even had us talking across tables and joining in conversations we normally wouldn't have done. Being from a very "suburban" neighborhood with no flavor I think this place has inspired me to try all the little places near work and believe me now my adventure has begun. Thank you Blue Fin!
2	This is one of the restaurants that is close to my hotel. I came here for a quick snack. I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken Katsu lunch Bowl. For $5.50+ tax, I get two pieces of Chicken Katsu drenched in Teriyaki Sauce. Unfortunately, I find the chicken pieces not too fresh and unbearable to eat. Though a nice size snack for me, but I find the bowl very unsatisfying. My rice bowl: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oMBNvB6tHlwW3UwGBYqljw?select=63adwMUXsZA0hS2VsQJaqwWith locals enjoying this restaurant and the high-rating, the restaurant has the Yelp Sticker posted on the diner's door. I'm not too sure if this place deserves the famous red-sticker!Maybe I'm spoiled, because I live in San Francisco/Bay Area and get better rice bowls from places like Kaz Teriyaki and Suruki Supermarket (both located in Downtown San Mateo). This is probably one of the better places Phoenix has to offer.
4	My friend has been talking about this place for years to me.  She found got me to go there with her for lunch.  WOW, I am a fan now!The food was good, fast, and great prices.  I only had the veggie egg rolls, gyozas, and the white meat chicken terriyaki.  I NEED to go back to try more things....
4	YUMMY-cheap-FAST.Looking for a tasty bowl of chicken teriyaki?  You'll find it at the Blue Fin.  The chicken is slightly wood-fired in the flavor department & perfectly sauced with teriyaki.  This place tops the charts in the speed category, you won't wait longer than 5 minutes for your order and they have a drive through....if you're in a hurry, it's a win-win situation.Lastly, they package their "to go" orders in the typical plastic t-shirt bags that every other place uses HOWEVER, Blue Fin bags sport the nifty little 70's smiley face icon (which I am a big fan of)  along with the slogan "Have A Nice Day!"Try Blue Fin!
5	The price is right, the food is all excellent.  The Panko white fish is what I had today, and had the Chicken Terryaki bowl in the past.  The women who work here are so so sweet, they are always so sweet to my son, which is worth 2 stars to me.  Every time you leave, they thank you for your business, and that just makes the food you burp up taste even better.    Plus when you are done eating you can walk across the street to the library and get your learn on.I think what you will gather by my reviews is I like simple places that are cheap.  I like the fou fou stuff on occasion as well, but I like working class type people to make me my food, because they usually do it with love and passion.   Unless you're talking about Filibertos, where I found a rusty staple in my food once.
3	The Teriyaki Beef Bowl & the fried dumplings (Gyoza) are very good and very reasonably priced. The Panko Fish is also quite tasty, but I've had better fish at other nearby places (like Karim's) so I wouldn't bother to go to Blue Fin for fish. I've also had the Chicken Teriyaki Bowl before, but didn't find it too tasty. Coworkers have commented to me that the other chicken dishes are not to their liking, so perhaps this is a weak point for them.  Your best bet is to pick the food up to go as the inside is very small (and not aesthetically pleasing) and the place gets quite busy during lunch time. The food here is decent and the food reasonably cheap so we keep going back, but it's not really high on my list of preferred Asian places. P.S. This place seems to attract a lot of Phoenix's redneck population (though I don't know why), so just be prepared if that sort of thing puts you off!
4	Love the owners and workers at The Blue Fin.  Very friendly and always happy and smiling. That kind of customer service almost always makes any experience 100% better. Plus, they've got great food too.  My usual choice is either the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl or their eight piece California rolls and Miso Soup. All great, affordable and fast. It can get pretty busy there, so it is nice that you can call in your order ahead of time, and pick it up at walk-up/drive-through window.  The Blue Fin is a little out of the way from where I work, but it is always a treat when I order out. And of course, being greeted with a warm smile and a friendly "hello" is also a big plus in my book.
5	Blue Fin is within walking distance of work so I go once a week, I'd go more but that'd just be silly.  Speaking of silly, I order the same thing every week and all of the staff knows it!!   'The Healthy Special' - chicken teriyaki (white meat), veggies (carrots, broccoli, cabbage) on brown rice with a really amazing Iced Tea.  Delicious down to the last bite!Locally owned and the staff goes out of their way to be as friendly as possible. Always smiling and always happy to see me. It's also right next to a light rail stop which is OH-so convenient!
5	I go to Blue Fin for lunch with friends almost every other month.  Locally owned and the little Japanese lady (we call her "mama" san) thanking everyone for coming and making sure your cup is full is awesome and one of the main reasons I keep going back for more.  Food is great for Japanese fast food.  I just tried their coconut shrimp and it was awesome!  If you are hungry try the terriyaki chicken , rice and salad combo, yum!!
5	Grab lunch with M.  Our second time together here, and I have gotten togo before too.  LOVE this little cozy place.  The customer service is wonderful.  I got the terriyaki chicken bowl, gyoza, and an ice green tea.  The owner lady, we call "mama san", always out to greet us and make sure our drinks are topped off before we leave.  I need to come back to try something else beside the terriyaki chicken!
5	Went to eat in by myself at lunch.  Tried the panko chicken with tonkatsu sauce.  YUM!  Mama san stopped by and drop off the real verison of asian tonkatsu sauce.  WOW!  It was much better.  BYW - tonkatsu = japanese BBQ sauce...  Can not wait to go back soon!
1	just grabbed lunch there today. Had the all white meat Teriyaki bowl. It is dry and flavorless. Is it really chicken? Turkey or pigeon I think, well at least it's some bird flesh from what I can tell by looks. Sauce is flat and lacks flavor. No thrills about a bowl with a little rice and a large portion of meat. No garnish nothing. Brought it home and fed it to my dog. She enjoyed it. I want be returning and I'm disappointed that all of you think it's so great, the place doesn't even have atmosphere to like.
3	I do find it ironic for a place named the blue fin to not have blue fin on the menu.I went here today with my co worker for lunch. We found a spot in back with no issue, just make sure you head north on central to get here as the light rail makes entry from south bound impossible.I ordered the vegetable yaki soba with tofu, and then took a seat at the front patio. Our food was borough to us only a few minutes later. I tried a bit or two with out the addition of condiments, it was a bit bland and the tofu was much softer than I like. After adding copious amounts of black sesame seeds and red pepper the dish took on new life. The texture contrast of the seeds with the tofu worked and the spices stuck well to the noodles. The vegetables them self were plain, sliced carrots, cabbage, broccoli and celery. My co worker had the panco chicken, which was just sliced fried chicken on rice, they were nice and gave him every sauce to try. The food was decent, not the best, not the worst, the value was acceptable as well and the staff was friendly. I will be back, no huge rush however.
5	This restaurant is a perfect example of why I give my money to local business owners.This is a sparsely decorated gem in Midtown Phoenix. In an area full of lunch only, counter order spaces, one would think this wouldn't be welcome. I love a rice bowl every now and then and this one is extremely high quality and stocks every type of rice bowl imaginable. I've had the Oyako and Teriyaki both multiple times and they are delcious. You definitely wait a few minutes for your food, and that is a good thing because it means they are not mass producing food and waiting for people to order it, like Tokyo Express does. Good food alone though, won't garner a five-star review for a rice bowl. What pushes Blue Fin over the top is the ownership. The little old Japanese lady who owns and runs the restaurant during lunch time is one of the absolute nicest people I've ever encountered. She welcomes every customer, and speaks to you in a genuine family like manner. She does not come across as fake or ass-kissish. I just get a calm, warm, and welcome feeling from this woman when I come in here.  It's not even just her either. Her staff always looks happy, and has run of the soda fountain, water, lemonade, etc. Everyone just seems to be happy. It's true that if you take care of your staff, they make your customers happy as well.Many other places make me feel so unwelcome around here at lunch time, but I can always count on Blue Fin to treat me like family and give me a solid rice bowl.
4	Took a random light rail train from Osborn for lunch and ended up going South. A quick YELP search on my BB and I found Blue Fin right off the McDowell stop.I had their "healthy chicken bowl" with some nice pieces of chicken, a TON of veggies (cabbage, broccoli, carrots, etc) and BROWN rice. This, with a big glass of iced green tea only set me back $8.60 and was wonderful. I sat on their patio, watched the trains and traffic go by and had a nice, relaxed lunch. I'll definitely go back.
4	This place is really great for teriyaki.  In fact it is really the only place worth going for teriyaki.  First of all - it is really very inexpensive (lunch for two under 20 - easily). Second of all - the service is great because it is family run - you see the same people there everytime.  The food is really good - and just hits the spot when you have a hankering for teriyaki.  My only complaint would be the hours- bums me out when I want teriyaki for dinner and they are already closed.
5	Went there twice this week alone. Service is great, the owner actually thanked us for our business and was really helpful when trying to order. Cucumber salad was great both times. Went with a group of 3 today and had to sit outside because there are only 2 tables that hold more than 2 people inside.Great place to eat, I'd go back.
4	Not a sushi bar! They do have some rolls, though. Great menu with all of the Japanese fast food favorites. They make everything on-site and it's cheap. Ideal downtown spot for lunch or early dinner.
4	Quick, easy, cheap, and large portions. I have been here 3 times for lunch and there is never a long wait and they are always quick to bring me my order. I had a teriyaki chicken bowl that came with a large amount of rice. It was just over 5 dollars. So 5 dollars for a very big lunch and it was pretty tasty works for me. I did also have the sweet and sour chicken that I didn't care for because it was breaded and it made it seem like there was no chicken under the breading.
5	Delicious terriyaki chicken ... and always delivered with a huge smile.  Blue Fin is a family operated business.  The people who work there are the absolute nicest people in the world!  You can tell they really enjoy cooking for their customers and they make you feel like family when you eat there - even if it's you're 1st time there.  You need to try this place if you haven't.  GREAT FOOD, GREAT PEOPLE, AND GREAT PRICES.
3	The Blue Fin is a place I have probably driven by 100 times, either coming/going to work or heading to the library. I didn't even realize it was actually open until I got onto Yelp and saw some reviews. So close to my office, I had to try it out.....on a Sunday when it was closed. Oops. Let's try this again, for lunchThe place ain't big, so make sure you get there early, especially if you have more than 4 people. I also noticed they had their iced tea and lemonade in massive buckets, which is the ONLY way to serve beverages in my humble opinion. Quite like a lot of places in the area, the Blue Fin has a massive amount of pictures of their food up on the wall, so it does make choosing a meal that much more easy. A quick moving line and a 5 minute wait later, I had my teriyaki chicken bowl and was back to the office.First off, this is a pretty big meal for the price. It's a great lunch option for what you pay for. Having said that, it's not great. The rice was a little over-cooked, which I actually like, but some people may be put off by, especially with how sticky it was. The chicken itself was good, but also had been either cooked or sat under a heat lamp for too long. Damn the salmonella, I want my chicken cooked just enough to stop clucking!! The sauce was very good though, and really brought the meal together.Overall, it's a solid place for the price. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there when I am not downtown, but I am sure to head back during a busy lunch hour. Worth the visit
4	At lunch today I wanted sushi. Looked on Yelp for somewhere close. Found The Blue Fin. Read the reviews and decided to see how it was. With the light rail going down Central, if you are not on the right side of the road you have to go about a quarter of a mile to turn around. Traffic was light so no problem. Painted blue and white. Very bright colors shows up well. Gives you the welcome feel. It not really a sushi bar. They specialize in teriyaki but they do have two offerings of sushi on the menu. The place is small with seating inside and outside also. Since it is still warn in Phoenix this time of year I decided to eat inside. This place is maybe the cleanest place I have visited. It was so clean it almost hurt the eyes. No dust or dirt anywhere. Service was as good as it gets. I ordered a teriyaki rice bowel and since I wanted some sushi the spicy tuna roll and ice tea. The cashier called over a employee and gave them my cup to be filled with ice tea. I could of gotten the tea but this is part of their service. My teriyaki bowel was delivered first. The food was good and really more there than one person needs to eat. My sushi came. It was also good. Then came more customer service. The lady that had filled my cup with tea was back asked if I needed more tea. I said yes and away she went with my cup. She refilled it with ice and then the tea. The owner then came up and asked if everything was ok. Nice touch. A lot of the people coming in and out must eat there often as they were greeted with hello (their name). So how was the food? The food was good and plentiful and inexpensive. Would I go back? I have told many people about this place and if I was in the area, yes I would go back.The customer service was the best I have ever seen in a fast food establishment. Many places could learn a lot by going in and experiencing this good customer service.
4	The food is always very good.  Not incredible but always very good.  I've been there 6 times now and have never had anything subpar.  I have never seen a spec of dirt.  I have never gotten a wrong order.  The thing that makes The Blue Fin incredible is the service.  I have never seen a group of people who take more pride in serving their customers.  They are some of the kindest people you could possible meet.  How many times do you hear an owner ask if you want more food on your plate while you are staring at a huge mound of meat and rice?  Not said to try and get you to buy more food but because tell she was worried there wasn't enough chicken there.  The portions are hefty for the price, the food is always good, It comes out from the kitchen fast, and the service is incredible.  Definitely make a stop the next time you are in the area.
4	My boss says his body is a temple and won't eat anywhere else but Blue Fin.  So he took me there for my birthday.  So good...their salad has an amazing dressing (not sure what the taste is).  The ladies knew my boss and were very personable.  I go back often.  I get the teriyaki chicken with brown rice.  Reasonably priced and the ladies are so sweet.
4	I had a pretty good lunch experience here the other day.  Very friendly staff, the place was quite busy and all the ladies were running food and drinks out to customers but everyone still had a smile on their face.Great deal too, for less than eight bucks you can get the lunch special with salad, two mini egg rolls, chicken and rice and the portions are enormous.  I probably finished about half and I was stuffed!  Good food too the sweet & salty teriyaki was nicely complimented by a char-grill smokiness.  I look forward to my next visit!
3	It's a Japanese fast food. I'm very impressed with the service, the owner spent some times to greet everyone. I ordered beef bowl teriyaki but the beef teriyaki is a lil bit over cooked and the smell of the burning beef just overwhelmed me. The Panko breaded fish plate is the one that I recommend to try. They also have the seaweed salad which I found good. And they also charged for the soda refill $.30
5	My husband was craving anything besides hospital food, so I told him about one of my favie lunch places. I dropped by after work to get a boat lot of food that he requested. I got so much food, we needed a box to carry all of it to the hospital. And they taped my drinks so they don't spill. It was awesome!! Gyozas - 2 orders. YUM! Panko chicken bowl with terriyaki sauce - Awesome and still crispy after arriving to the hospital Katsu Pork Plate - The pork and salad was soggy due to the time kept in the container and the hot food steamed it. The flavors were good, so we recommended eating this dish at the place. Chicken Fried Rice - WOW. Good stuff.
5	Friendly quick service, veggie options, accommodating to any requests, great food, reasonable prices. My new fav place downtown.
5	Back to Blue Fin for the nth visit, but the first visit for 2011!  Same great service, same good food, and same affordable prices.  Had my usual order:Terriyaki bowl - YUMFried Gyoza - HUMGreen Ice Tea - AHH
4	This is a wonderful establishment, and easily the best Japanese fast food restaurant in our city.My review isn't even necessary, as I think the Blue Fin can speak for itself, 99% of the people that come here will leave satisfied.I've found that small dedicated local busineses like this usually engender nothing but respect and praise from their community; but every once in a while you'll get a certain someone who for whatever reason is going to go on the record publicly and trash a place that is beloved by the majority.I wasnt even going to write this review until I saw the egregious 1 star rant that this type of person wrote previously. So, rather than a review proper, this is more of a review coupled with a response to that baffling 1 star atrocity below. If your the type of person who will shell out 1 and 2 star reviews to mom and pops earnestly trying to serve their community and build a sustainable business, but give 5 star reviews to places like el pollo loco and ross; than please dont come here. you'd be better off in your $15 elastic waste band pants eating greasy chicken in your honda pilot.post script:SEA WEED SALAD IS KING HERE!
4	I'm so glad we have this Asian fast food place on Central Avenue, and near a light rail stop at that. Satisfying, generous fare (love their  sicky rice and the panko dishes!) served by friendly folk; a good number of dishes to choose from; good prices, very informal atmosphere, even a patio for alfresco dining. I feel happy supporting  a local independent business establishment, and even happier that this establishment serves tasty, very filling meals that are not a strain on the budget.
5	My family and I have eaten here at least a hundred times over the years. This is one of two spots we eat lunch at if we are near downtown Phoenix. The price is right and the service is always excellent as is the food. The family who runs the restaurant is always very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone. My only complaint is that they only have one location in the valley.
4	Review by an "Out-of-towner".......... the SoCal variety. While this will pretty much "steal my thunder", I must confess that just about everything you could want to know about this little corner fast-food-T-bowl joint is in their website. About the only thing that you won't see would be all the consistent 4 and 5 star reviews from fellow yelpers. You can read those right here on this page.What drove us to Blue Fin? Driving North from the Chase Stadium district, hungry for a quick lunch before my next appointment, this was the first food place that quickly stood out as a joint that had hot, quick and inexpensive food. Plus... all the street parking in the downtown area near the ball park, and going North for many blocks, have "coin-only" parking meters! Who has rolls of quarters for parking? And doesn't Phoenix know about credit card meters? So we just kept driving North until the frickin' meters disappeared, and we saw this blue corner building with their own parking lot. We pulled in.The menu is huge. The parking is free. The prices are reasonable, and most orders are brought to your table within five minutes of you ordering and paying at the counter. Enough said; it all works. Oh...... one of the owners spent a few minutes at our table welcoming us to town, and sharing a bit of her family history in Canton, now Kwangchow, China. (Food "and" Entertainment!)
5	Very friendly. The owners are very nice and the food was wonderful.
3	The service at Blue Fin earns all the stars, as far as I'm concerned. There are other equally tasty (and in some cases more flavorful) places to grab a rice bowl. The service is outstandingly hospitible though; so, you can't help but leave Blue Fin with a warm fuzzy feeling toward your hosts!
3	Went here with the family on my birthday for dinner.  We sat outside and enjoyed a variety of food from the menu.  The service was nice.  I'm not sure I will venture back... the food didn't stand out in any way and I didn't consider it that cheap.We had-California Roll.... my son ate most of them.Inari... good.  just like grandma makes them except I don't have to pay when she make them.  :)Vegetable spring rolls... good.Gyoza... my girls wanted these and then didn't care for them.Sunomono... good but a super super small portion size.Teriyaki All White Meat Chicken... husband thought it was fine.Side salad with special house dressing.... was just okayVegetable Bowl ... YUCK!  No flavor at all.Decadent Cheesecake (strawberry)... was brought out free for my birthday.  it was just okayI tried to order miso soup but they were sold out.
4	This place offers pretty good food at really low prices. i think it's a mother daughter team that own it and they are the sweetest ladies ever. It's probably not a good idea to order a hot yakisoba bowl  on a hot day and eat it on the patio. I try to always eat with chopsticks and i just kept getting hot  sauce on my face.  Oh only complaint is their tofu. It's just diced and sauteed. i would like it if maybe they marinated, baked and then sauteed. Panko fish is delicious!
4	I went to this little place for the first time today.  I can only say positive things about going there.  It was clean, the service friendly and efficient, the food was good.  I was impressed when Betsy, one of the owners came by to see if we were happy with our dinners. I liked the idea of wheat noodles. Finding out that they use only beta carotene veggies-no fillers like bean sprouts-and no oil in preparing them was even better news.My fellow dinner had chicken a chicken curry which having sampled, I have to say I am going to try next time we go the Blu Fin.My biggest surprise eating at the Blue Fin is the cheese cake they serve.  I don't profess to be a lover of cheese cake.  It never really impresses me.  It was light and the flavor was great.  Worth having for a birthday binge I am happy to report.
4	Hadn't been before but my fiance has been going for ages.  I had the coconut shrimp, very good and moderately priced.  Very friendly service.  It'll definitely be a place I consider in the future, especially if I'm using the light rail in the central Phoenix area.
4	So nice to have this gen across the street from my office!The good and bad news - the sushi (spicy tuna and Cali rolls.) while they are everything I've come to expect and want from them, they are made in limited quantity.  All but once, they are sold out by the time I get there.  So, good that I know they're fresh and not sitting for days on end - bad that I don't get them when I want them.Love the iced green tea.The teryaki chicken and veggie bowl is one of my favorites!Everything I have ordered has been very fresh and flavorful.  Fair prices, large portions.It's American style Japanese fast food at it's finest - and much better value than most (Yoshi, Tokyo Express, Shogun Express, etc.).Plus - it just feels better to deal with locals than a chain.
5	I just recently moved up here to Phoenix and was looking for something good to eat. I started looking through things on Yelp and found this place. it took me forever to find it and I called and the lady helped me find it. Well I definitely found it. I went and the lady working was so friendly and helped me pick out what to eat. And the found was delicious!!!!  I had the number 1. I definitely recommended it to anyone.
4	Pros: clean, quick, delicious, friendly, good prices.Cons: Closed on Saturdays and Sundays. I love the fried gyoza and a california roll. Can't beat that for lunch, not even with a stick! Okay, maybe with a stick, but you probably wouldn't want to eat it afterwards.
1	Wow! I can't believe this place gets so many good reviews. I was hauled here once by co-workers looking for a cheap meal. But, how much value does your lunch dollar have when you don't even want to eat the food? Dry and sticky rice; "white meat chicken" unidientifiable as such, and a sweet glaze that provided the only flavor. Quite frankly, it was disgusting, and none of the dishes my co-workers had looked any better (though they seemed to be fine with them). I should know to stay away from restaurants that have pictures of their menu items on the wall. The one star is only for the fast and friendly service.
5	Cute little place with both outdoor  (with misters) and indoor seating.  Excellent teriyaki and salad.  Very attentive owner and staff.  Large portions and great prices $5.49 & we could easily have split one.  Next time, we will, and we'll try some of the super inexpensive appetizers...pot stickers, egg rolls.  A fresh healthy meal.
1	I stopped in one day when I first moved here and sampled a couple of things, the chicken teriyaki, the fried gyoza, and some kind of drink. Nothing was fresh, everything tasted like old fryer grease or freezerburn (except my drink). To their credit, the service was immaculate. The women who helped me was super friendly and made suggestions of things I should try on my next visit (when pigs fly). I am really amazed by the positive reviews here. Unfortunately, this place is just a couple blocks from my house so I have to deal with the nasty stench from their deep fryer when I walk to the lightrail on my way to work.
4	Quick, friendly, I mean really friendly, it's a family business and they want their customers to feel like part of their family...Panko fish, delicious not to greasy, sushi fresh and everything is affordable for a quick lunch. I go there once a week.
3	I haven't been to this place in years and was finally working in the area. Got the same thing I always got every time I have gone. I have to say this wasn't as great as I remember. My chicken was pretty dry. And my side salad didn't come with any dressing on it. I also remember the dressing being a more orange-ish Ginger tasting. This was a more white-ish onion tasting. Not a huge fan. The service was as great as I remember and the people were just as nice as I remember too.
2	Extremely mediocre food, served by delightful, friendly people.That's the best way to describe this place.We ordered California Rolls, and found them small, dry and not flavorful. Much like Grocery Store packaged sushi.The edamame was the worst I have ever had. It was obviously just 'nuked' and some of the beans had white areas on them from frost burn in their freezer. Really, avoid these!The teriyaki chicken bowls, which we were expecting based on the reviews here to be delicious, were only . . . "so so" at best. The meat was chewy, there was some gristle thrown in for good measure, and in general, it was a big disappointment. I went in on a Groupon type special and felt that we got our money's worth, but just barely.On the positive side, the serving size was nice on the bowl, and the women serving/making the food were very sweet and friendly. I hope their business does well, but I assure Yelpers that it will require them to upgrade their quality or this place won't be there long.
3	The food is average but tasty, but I the service is outstanding.  Our server was extremely nice and attentive and competent, and the place was jumping with the lunch rush.  I'd go back.
5	I have been here 3 times now and just love it. The place is delicious, clean, and cheap. Their specialty is the chicken terryaki. I recommend getting the all white meat version ( just a bit extra ). I have had the beef bowl & the chicken bowl, these are very generous portions and have yet to be able to eat it all in one sitting.Service is super friendly and helpful. I will be back to this place soon !
5	Even if I didn't like the food I would still come here. The people are so friendly.My favorite is the Panko chicken bowl with tankatsu.
5	I am not a huge Teriyaki fan and this place was coming up as a sushi place on Yelp for a while now but was always closed. As most of you know, there are barely any sushi places down town so when I was home for the week last week I finally had the chance to head out to this place.I wasn't disappointed that there was barely any sushi, I decided to go with the beef teriyaki instead. Holy smokes! Super yum! I haven't had teriyaki that was this good, ever!.I will go back more and more and stuff myself silly. Love it.I highly recommend it.
2	This place is small with an large patio area. They have some ok teriyaki white chicken(needs more sauce kind of dry) and terribly flavorless chicken fried rice. The service was quick and nice but I wouldn't recommend dining there as it seems to be heavy traffic for drunks and homeless people (unless people watching of sadness is your thing)so you would be best to pick up instead.I doubt I go back since the place is only so so at best for two of my favorite things. The crab puffs were nice though.
4	A Phoenix classic and well worth a visit.  I used to eat there frequently, many years ago, but sort of forgot about the place.  Went yesterday and it was so tasty, cheap, and healthy (veg cooked with no oil).  Super friendly and helpful staff, too.  I'll be back more often!
5	If you are a fan of the old tried and true meal of teriyaki chicken bowls, you will absolutely love this family own restaurant. Even though the food is spectacular, the thing that always stands out the most about The Blue Fin is the unbelievable customer service. I cannot think of a time I have been here where the owner was not behind the counter giving me her heart-felt thanks for being a customer. The place may not look like much from the outside but just know that you will be taken care of once you are there and will have some incredible food for dine in or take out.
4	Fast, friendly service during a busy work day is very appreciated.  I was a bit boring and ordered the chicken teriyaki bowl.  It was delicious.  I also ordered a large drink.  I nursed that thing all afternoon at my desk.  I look forward to returning and trying something more exciting and getting a smaller drink.
5	I am a huge Teriyaki chicken fan, so I tried this place based on Yelp reviews.  My fellow yelp'ers weren't far off the mark.  I ordered the white meat Teriyaki Chicken bowl with brown rice, along with a pork egg roll and a large drink.  The meal arrived at my table quickly.  Upon first bite, I was taken aback because the teriyaki sauces I've tried are really, really sweet.  This sauce is not as sweet, but much more flavorful.  The egg roll was good, but the sweet/sour sauce it came with was better than I've ever had.  Simple, sweet, and not gooey or gloopy.  One of the owners (a wonderfully pleasant aging Japanese woman) came to my table and offered me chopsticks and hot mustard -- we had a delightful conversation wherein she explained that the chicken is hormone-free and char-grilled over pumice stones, and their sauces are home-made from family recipes.  They also offer many healthy options, including brown rice and vegetarian dishes, and NO MSG IS ADDED!!  She was a fantastic host.  Everyone seemed to be hurrying around, but they were all doing a great job keeping the customers happy by refilling drinks, delivering orders and making conversation with the people inside and outside the shop.All in all, a great experience.  I told the owner I would be back with my son by the end of the week, and I plan to keep my promise!  Great job, Blue Fin!
3	Panko chicken pretty good, gotta use alot of sauce to give it some flavor. If you want straight out flavor get the teriyaki bowl but stay away from the combo unless you want a massive amount of salad. Good service and nice people!
4	Reminds me a lot of the holes in the wall I used to eat at in Hawaii. Went at the height of lunch hour so the line was out the door but my GF and I didn't mind the wait since the weather outside also reminded me of Hawaii. Food was pretty tasty despite the order being slightly botched, sticky steamed rice was perfect and the service was awesome. Don't like that the drinks aren't self serve but it's a minor nit pick.
5	I followed the trail left by fellow Yelpers and this was as accurate it goes. Ambience: There is not much to it. Even the owner admits that much. However, it is bright and open. Most of all, it looks welcoming.  Food: It's very good, but most of all, it's excellent bang for the buck! The teriyaki is not too sweet and it is well seasoned. I ordered the chicken fried rice with Iced tea. It was great. The iced tea comes with unlimited refills which the owner often reminds the customers while I was there.Service: Although it is a "self-service" restaurant, the owner and staff was extremely helpful to a fault. She refilled my iced tea a couple of times.I will return for sure. The owner did take her time to talk to most if not all her customers. If you are looking for a friendly place with good food, this would be it! It definitely does not hurt that the food is very affordable.
5	I usually have a Teriyaki or sweet and sour chicken bowl.  The price is good and the food is even better.  I've been going to Blue Fin since 2005.  The personable and quick customer service makes the experience all the better.  It's easily accessible by the lightrail and north from the Central Library.  Love this place.
5	I'm half Japanese and have had a very difficult time finding good authentic Japanese food in the Phoenix area.  I am so impressed with this little restaurant!  The customer service is awesome.  The owner walked around talking to people and refilling drinks, getting to go boxes, and generally made sure everyone had everything they needed.  Top that off with some majorly delicious Japanese food, and that's The Blue Fin.  I had the Katsu Pork and I have to tell ya, it's just like my mother's.  Their food is made fresh and their sushi is made daily.  It's made the old fashioned Japanese way, not like the kind you get at Fry's Grocery Store.  Their prices are also very reasonable.  I can't wait to go back for the third time to try some other dishes.  Hmmm...maybe the yakisoba...
4	This place honestly did earned the rating given on my 1st visit! Blue Fin earned 4 stars based on the following 3 things.1. Cleanliness!  It's nice, bright, clean and "open."2. Lynn, an employee there, exceeded my expectations in customer service!  She was warm, friendly, conversational and very insightful as to their menu. Her helpful tips made it extremely easy for me to order! Otherwise I get easily (and admittedly) overwhelmed and would've missed my train while trying to decide what to order. 3. The food was simple, yet good. Affordable as well.  It's the perfect "train food" as far as I'm concerned. Healthy, easy to travel with and very conveniently located right next to the platform. And it's been there for 30 years to boot!  Seriously glad I stopped here!I'll definitely return and probably add a 5th star after doing so!  Great little place!
5	First time here, and I devoured the teriyaki chicken plate w/spring rolls! SO MUCH FOOD -- and I only ordered the lunch special! It could have easily fed two people, but if it is that good, why share? I love places like this. Simple restaurant specializing in something they do best, and this is the place to come for teriyaki. My food arrived at my patio table in less than 10 minutes. The salad had a delicious citrusy/sesame tasting dressing that mixed well with the rice and chicken. Chicken was so tender, and the teriyaki was neither too sweet or salty! Perfect taste. Since I like super spicy food, my only regret was not squirting Sriracha sauce all over it. However, I didn't realize that until AFTER I was half way done with my meal. It was so flavorful my spicy craving didn't even kick in I was way too full to continue on. Good for lunch or early dinner since this place closes early. Drive-up window if you are in a rush!
5	A few weeks ago, an old friend and I made plans to meet up for lunch. Problem is, I essentially live in North Scottsdale and she is in Buckeye. Using Meetways.com to find a halfway point, I then took the results to Yelp to see what restaurants are in the area (I prefer to find the good local places, rather than a chain, which I'm sure is true for most Yelpers). Anyways, saw the great reviews and decided to check this place out.We both were unadventurous and ordered chicken teriyaki bowls which were of course delicious as others have said. Very nice portions too as neither of us downed the whole bowl. Where this place really shines, though is the service. An older woman, who I'm guessing must have been one of the owners as someone else mentioned, was walking around conversing with the patrons. It's a small place so she was able to check with everyone on multiple occasions during the time we were there. Her service was absolutely delightful. When I received my food first (I had ordered a couple minutes before, so my friend had just finished ordering when I got my meal), she came over to the table and informed that the young lady would not think I was rude if I started eating before she was served. A moment later, she came back with my friend's food as she told us that she "has pull around here" lol. I'm guessing that teriyaki bowl was intended for another customer, so sorry about the added wait if that's the case, random stranger. A while later she came back to give us free refills of our large drinks. I will definitely be going back when I'm in the area again, and might have to order something different. A wonderful experience that was truthfully what motivated me to actually sign up for Yelp and write a review after years of using the app as an "outsider"The only negative was that the parking is very limited, but then again I did go during the lunch rush. My friend was able to get a spot in their lot but I wound up having to park in a different lot just north of it. It was maybe only 30 feet further away, I just wasn't sure if I would be towed or not.
5	I bought a Groupon for Blue Fin a couple of years ago and never used it. However on my last trip into the city I decided that I would go and redeem it for the purchased value while I was out that way. Boy am I happy that I did!!Quite frankly, this place impressed my socks right off. I had heard that it had some good items however I must say that is quite an understatement. Best Teriyaki in the city by far; their panko chicken is also to die for!Bottom line: I live in south east Gilbert and have driven to eat here 3 times in the last month. Enough said.
4	I dig going to the Blue Fin for lunch to satisfy my occasional teriyaki fix. The service is friendly and prompt, and the location allows for some people watching, since it is across the street from a light rail station.Last time I ate here I upgraded from the teriyaki chicken and vegetable bowl to the platter. This means that it comes with salad, which is fairly simple shredded iceberg lettuce and house dressing. Unfortunately, when it's "to go", everything gets packed in the same styrofoam container, so the lettuce gets warmed up on top of the entree and isn't all that palatable. I've said it before in other reviews, warm salad = bad, chilled salad = good. Despite my salad woes, I really like the food here and have never failed to enjoy what I've ordered. And since it's always been reasonably priced, the Blue Fin is a cool little Japanese lunch spot where you can get your Teriyaki on!
5	This place rocks! I got the Gyoza and Oyako bowl for lunch  on Tuesday and I was immediately a fan. The gyoza is deep fried deliciousness and comes in pork or shrimp (I think? I opted for pork) and it is BOMB! And the Oyako was amazing, grilled chicken cooked perfectly, and blended with light eggs, veggies and rice that added a sweetness to the chicken and eggs. Amazing balance in this dish. Whole meal was like $10 too, and that includes a "medium" lemonade which is actually HUGE!! Seriously, get a small lolAll in all I greatly enjoyed myseld, and the service is off the charts. They do everything they possibly can to make sure you're enjoying your meal, and all with huge smiles on their face, like they enjoy their job or something. Weird lolGO HERE!
4	The food is soooo good & the owner is soooo nice.
4	I like it here...quick  food, good prices, yummy.  Be prepared for the line at lunch!  It moves fast though...just know what you want to order when you get there...otherwise, you might get trampled by the stampede!  Patio is fantastic!
5	Bossman has been whining ever since Shogun Express on Camelback closed a few years ago. Yogi's and Yoshi's and wherever else we tried never really cut it. A Yelp search brought up Blue Fin, and although it's a little further than normal to fetch lunch, I mentioned it to him and he agreed to try it. And glad we were! We had the daily special ($7.29), which consisted of teriyaki chicken, rice, salad, 2 spring rolls and drink, and an order of sunomono ($1.29). Opt for all white meat (+$0.75) and brown rice (+$0.30). It was a lot of food. The salad was meh, and in the same box as the teriyaki, so it was kinda warm by the time I got back to the office (at least the dressing was in a separate container). Probably won't order the special again, just to avoid the salad. The rice was perfect, the sauce was delicious and the chicken was fantastic. Thinly sliced (not in chunks like all the other joints) and no yucky gristle or fat hanging off. If anything, maybe a little too heavy on the soy sauce. The spring rolls were just a tad under cooked, but still good. The sweet & sour sauce looked kinda grainy, but tasted just fine. Sunomono was great. Overall, the best teriyaki bowl in the area!I picked up our food in the middle of lunch time and was expecting parking to be terrible, based on other reviews. But there were only a couple other cars in their small lot. There were 25-30 people scattered around the inside & outside tables, so I'm guessing they either foot it, or take the light rail, which stops just out front. Also, they have a drive up window. I'm not sure if you can order it there or if it's just for pickup, but it'd be convenient with a phone-in order next time! The staff was SUPER friendly, to boot! P.S. They accept Visa & Mastercard, but not AmEx or Discover.
4	This is a small place right by the light rail downtown.  They serve a lot of different rice bowls.   I ordered the teriyaki chicken bowl.  It was pretty good...it's topped with sesame seeds.  I love sesame seeds! I It appears to be family owned.  They even have a drive thru.  I would definitely go back.
5	The best teriyaki you can get for lunch! I love this place and the staff is always pleasant. The healthy special is a great pick that comes with brown rice, white meat teriyaki chicken, salad, and your choice of tea or lemonade. Perfect.
5	Terrific spot in downtown Phoenix!  I love the Panko Chicken, Teriyaki Chicken and the Curry Vegetables first and foremost.  Beyond that, it's all good and healthy portions.  Tankatsu sauce is a favorite right now too.
5	Ok, I don't usually go too deep into my personal life but this place brings back good memories. My fiancee at the time (whom I've been married to for 15 years now) took me to this place one afternoon. He worked in the downtown area so he was familiar with all the good eats. Surprisingly our food was great. As the years roll by, I take our kids and we sit at the same spot that my husband and I sat during our date 15 years ago. We order the same entree too, lol. This place has several entrees to choose from. My favorite is the Teriyaki Chicken. I know it sounds plain but don't judge a book by it's cover. It's a small hole in the wall but it's clean and not run down. The owners have maintained the business very well. Go to their website for a complete listing of their entrees. By the way, try the Mochi dessert. I don't know whats in it but I LIKE IT ALOT...
1	I tried this place, along w/ several co-workers based on the recommendation of another co-worker as we were working at the Phx Art Museum and it was within walking distance. Wanted a light lunch, so ordered a veggie rice bowl. Veggies ended up having all the life cooked out of them(as if boiled for 30 mins), and the non-descript sauce just made this dish an unappetizing mush of heavily overcooked, flavorless veggies and soupy rice. Absolutely awful. I took the rice bowl back to the counter and told that it really was pretty bad, and they sweetly offered me another menu item of my choice even if the price was higher-  so I'll definitely give the counter ladies kudos for customer service. I chose to have the teriyaki chicken bowl as a replacement. The teriyaki bowl was brought out to me shortly after, but unfortunately after taking the first bite, I found that the chicken tasted like straight charcoal. Not like teriyaki, not like chicken, but straight acrid charcoal. I haven't tried any of their other dishes and they may be absolutely delicious, but after two strikes on two simple dishes in one visit, I can't see myself wasting time by visiting again.
5	Small.  Great food.  Great price,  exceptional staff.  If your downtown,  try this place.  The servings are good sized and the quality is hard to beat.  Fresh taste.  Will be back.
5	Great food, awesome customer service.
5	My friend and I just had a 10 minute text message conversation about how FREAKING GOOD this place is. A few things to know about me: I live downtown, I know good food, I DO NOT eat at Chili's... ever. When I say something is good, I mean handcrafted, fresh ingredients, bursting with legitimate flavor good. But enough about me. You want to know about Blue Fin, so here's the lowdown: - Super clean digs and friendly, wonderful personal service from the most adorable little ladies. - Tender (non-bouncy) char-grilled teriyaki chicken thoroughly marinated in a not-too-sweet sauce that tastes slightly fermented (in the best way) with a touch of sesame. - Great steamed veggies that melt in your mouth served with perfectly cooked brown rice.- Flavorful miso with generous chunks of tofu.- Wonderful house made sauces. My favorite is the sweet and sour sauce, the kind they serve with spring rolls and dumplings, it's tangy and full of fresh ginger.- Affordable prices, generous portions, and great for healthier mid-week dinner take-out if you can get there before 6:30.Go!
5	OK, I've literally driven by this place a thousand times, never stopping because I thought it was a scary looking shack and couldn't believe that people actually ate here.However - after a friend of mine told me that I was crazy and that the food was delicious, I had to try it.  Now I've eaten there three times this week.  I should also probably mention that I usually hate all things teriyaki - it's disgustingly over sweet and I can't understand why people like it.  BUT this place has it right - it's fresh, not out of a jar, and made by the sweetest people you'll ever talk to.  Try a chicken bowl with extra veggies and brown rice - you won't be disappointed.  And don't forget to order an eggroll - they're amazing and they come with this ridiculous ginger sauce that'll leave you craving more.
4	Really like the panko fish here. I've been coming here since the 6th grade, since I went to school right around the corner. I have ALWAYS loved it. They even made it through the lightrail constructions fiasco that ate up a lot of nearby businesses -- Blue Fin never fails. I hope I see this restaraunt around when I send my kids to school downtown, because they are consistent, they are incredibly friendly, and clean. It's nice to still feel like you're getting a home cooked meal from a neighbor, and you get that here.Also -- they have red bean paste Mochi, for any interested. Just ask. It's tasty!
4	Really good food and nice service. I was impressed with the food. A good choice.
4	Been living in Willow for almost 20 years. An old girl friend told me how lucky I'd be to live so close to Blue Fin. Personally I prefer the Tonkatsu, fish or chicken, with brown rice. I prefer to take it home or eat at the park next to the library.
4	Yummy Japanese hole in the wall type place. Fast, friendly service, great portions of yummy food and they will customize dishes not on the menu.
5	Love this place.
5	Best teriyaki chicken in town!Not sure what it is about the teriyaki sauce but it's perfect! The chicken is always tender and I've never had a bite with fat on it. Even the side salad is great, this coming from a guy who doesn't care for many things green... The owners are extremely caring and the food shows their attention to detail!Well done!
5	Cute little place with great teriyaki!!Business owner is a very nice older lady, she cheerfully walks around the tables to check if everything is well.   The Service is outstanding, teriyaki was delicious with rice and veggies. Also if you get a large drink, you get unlimited refills! Yay for raspberry tea!! Great small business with good food and great service. Its a must visit if  you're around the area!! :)
5	An overall great place. Good food and very friendly staff. Great customer service!!!!
5	When traveling in downtown Phoenix, there is always a lot to choose from during the day for food stops.One of the places that has been here for as long as I can remember, yes seriously that long! Is The Blue Fin.I remeber thinking 30 years ago ,I wonder how long this place will be here. Yet here it stands in 2013 still going strong. Which makes me really happy.I love when local business can do great!  They have always been great ,very friendly service and fresh food. The panko breaded items are light and feel healthy. All the vegetables I get here are  always crisp and fresh.I guess it is because, they take pride in the place. Something you do not always see. I believe that they have lunch specials every week day.However , they do charge extra for the little things. Like making it extra spicy is like .35 extra and brown rice is a little extra, I mean barley enough to where you would even notice.They have soup, and sushi, salad,etc.Lots of nice cool drinks. If the weather is cooler(below 90) you can sit outside and enjoy the light rail going by.Which also means that you can take the light rail here as well.It is located in the same spot as always, right next to the Phoenix, Public Library.When in downtown Phoenix, give it a try.
5	Stopped here for the first time last night and was very pleasantly surprised. I had the teriyaki bowl and edemame, both were great. Very nice staff. I'll definitely be a regular customer now.
2	Good fast food. We liked it here but it was the owner we couldn't get over. When we disagreed with her choice on politics (which she brought up) she basically called us dumb and lectured us for 30 minutes. My friend and I don't feel very comfortable eating here and if we had to, we'd get our orders to go.
4	While I was in the area I searched for Sushi and Blue Fin came up. However, I didn't see a sushi menu or bar. When I first walked in, I was a little disappointed, but after starring at the menu for a couple of seconds, I actually got excited. When I was in NY a couple of months ago, I went to this great Japanese curry place that was a hole in the wall and had the best Japanese curry I have ever tried. I searched for something similar when I got back to Phoenix without success. So when I was standing there I saw Japanese curry on the menu and got super excited. I ordered a bowl of that- the chicken wasn't the chicken katsu, but regular cooked chicken with carrots. It was pretty good but not what my taste buds searching for. I hate when I eat something great on vacation and cannot find it anywhere back home... Nevertheless, I hope to be back to try  the teriyaki and other things on their menu.
5	This place is amazing! The food is great but when grandma blue fin comes by to refill you're drink or even your entree, you'll understand  why we all love it!
4	I recently discovered Blue Fin and boy I missed out on the best fast casual teriyaki bowls for a good portion of my life!  Thanks to Judy F.'s check-ins that inspired me to finally stop here. At the point of writing this review I have only been here three times and have only tried three different teriyaki bowls.  They are so good and what else can I write than my fellow Yelpers have not.  This place has a solid four stars with over 133 reviews.  This alone should get you in their doors if you have not.  There is still a lot that I want to try off Blue Fin's menu.  Their drive-thru is amazingly fast!  I will report back once I have tried more of their menu.  If you're in the north downtown area and have a taste for some teriyaki, salads or sushi give this place a shot!  They have a nice covered outdoor seating area when the weather is nice.
4	First time, found using Yelp, I had the beef teriyaki plate with salad. Also a side of sunomono. The beef had very good flavor. The sunomono was a little sweet but went well with the teriyaki.
5	Love love love Blue Fin. The staff are the nicest people ever. I love the Panko fish bowl.
5	This place is a Phoenix institution and has been in operation for 33 years! The dishes are inexpensive, great sized portions and full of flavour.For around $5 you can get a big bowl of rice and teriyaki chicken, for a dollar more, beef or fish. The panko chicken is excellent and comes with a choice of three sauces. My girlfriend's favourite is the vegetable bowl, which comes in under $5! She loves it. Appetizers are also inexpensive - 4 gyoza with pork or shrimp for under $1.79 and 3 spring rolls for $1.39. The sushi is a bit boring, although again, very inexpensive.The service is amazing - personable, engaging and friendly. Decor is a bit dated, but that doesn't bother me. I'd rather the prices stay low than pay a premium for fancy booths and a mural of Mount Fuji.I only wish they stayed open a little later than 6:30....
5	The best. I've had at least half the menu and everything is consistently excellent. Crab puffs are super filling and on point, gyoza is perfect, spring rolls rule. The panko fish is my go to; perfectly crisp, fresh and delicious every time. The chicken, whether in teriyaki or panko form, has a wonderful grilled flavor. Not to mention how affordable the prices are for what you're getting, this place is amazing. Service is always efficient and extremely friendly.
5	This is definitely my go to lunch place. I found it on Yelp one day and never looked back. I am a creature of habit so I get the same thing every week: A spicy all white meat teriyaki chicken bowl ($6). The portion is SO big. I have never been to any restaurant that actually over serves the meat portion. I typically find myself wanting a little more rice to finish all the chicken with. I love the way the chicken is cooked and the spicy teriyaki is just the right amount of spice. I will also sometimes splurge and get some dumplings ($2 with tax) which always come out very hot and taste great with their soy based sauce. It's not a traditional dumpling sauce that I love but it's still pretty good with the dumplings.The service at this restaurant though is what pushes me to give them a top notch rating. The people here are just such genuinely nice people. They are very helpful and they get your food out quick. I really do not have one con for this place. The prices are amazing for what they offer, the staff reminds me of my own family and they treat you like you are their family and the food is always fresh tasting and yummy.
5	Some of the best teriyaki chicken in phoenix.. Fast and always friendly! If only they were open weekends!!
4	Blue Fin has awesome Teriyaki Bowls and daily specials for under $10. The portions are large and you will even have leftovers. I am a big fan. The menu is a bit limited, but has good customer service and short wait times. Took off one star for limited seating- it is very busy and I would like to have more table space/options.
4	I love the fact that I can just get up and head here whenever I am in the mood for Matcha green tea ice cream which is more than you think.The ladies there are very friendly and the food is good and servings are big.
3	I had really high hopes for this place due to the reviews and honestly the customer service was so wonderful I don't want to say anything negative about the place. But my teriyaki bowl was just OK. Nothing great, kind of just there. I was really let down. I haven't tried anything else so I'm thinking maybe the other menu items are better. The lady at the counter was the epidemy of customer service. She was very sweet and accommodating and seems to truly love her job which seems uncommon in the food service industry. I'd be willing to go back and try something else just because the service was so great.
5	For years I've been stopping here when in the area.  They are the nicest people and the food is awesome. Stopped by yesterday for a quick bite after not having lunch. I was on the phone in the lot for a bit and went in at 645. I didn't even realize they close at 630 but the staff person was still serving customers and pleasant as always. The Panko Chicken is my favorite but I have had many other things also. The Panko was freshly made and my order very quickly filled.I recommend this place to anyone hungry for fresh Asian fare!
2	I have to say I am quite surprised by all the great reviews for this restaurant. And, I also hate leaving negative reviews. That being said, I only tried the chicken teriyaki bowl. The chicken was shaved and was so dry it was hard to swallow. The teriyaki sauce was so watered down it turned my rice into soup. I was very disappointed with the quality of the chicken teriyaki bowl. I don't think they understand that it is possible to completely dry out chicken when over cooked. I don't think I will be back to try anything else based on this experience.
4	I've eaten here for quite some time. We enjoy the teriyaki with a bit of spice. I can't recall a bad experience with or food and the lady at the counter is nice.
5	Best place ever! The ONLY place I ever get sweet and sour chicken from their food is to die for! Haven't had the chance to stop in lately but I will soon! :) I have been dining here from rarely to frequently since 2008 and try to make sure I get to visit them at Matsuri every year I can not wait to stop in again soon I can already taste the sweet and sour chicken maybe I'll even get some of their delicious teriyaki chicken or beef too! Aside from that the service is fantastic even during a rush the wait is minimal! Honestly the staff here is some of the nicest people you'll ever meet!
5	One of the few reasons I miss working downtown is Blue Fin which after 10 years taking a job closer to home I try to put on my calender once a month.  Teriyaki chicken plate is my favorite which I may incorrectly describe as a mix between teriyaki and miso flavoring, the staff is supper friendly and remembered my name for a few years after the job switch.  A previous reviewer commented on the chicken being shaved and dry and I'll disagree on the point that it is not shaved or dry, it is thinly cut and not injected with any type of sodium laden filler fluids that most chicken that you find in grocery stores and restaurants commonly are, I personally like the taste and texture of natural high quality chicken and if I recall correctly they cook it to order on a hibachi or at least cooked fresh to order.
5	Went for my monthly fix today, was the first thing I thought about when I decided to take the day off and drive from old town to down town and it was worth it, best teriyake chicken in town IMHO.
3	Food is good but BEWARE OF RACIAL BIAS, bad attitudes. If your skin color is darker than the mongloids running the place expect bad attitudes. The midget that works the drive thru window was the worse, but she is better now. Still won't give me eye contact. The younger ore American girl that works there has always been nice....but funny.
4	After living downtown for 2 years my husband and I finally tried this place.  I got the chicken teriyaki plate. It was all I hoped it would be: tender moist tangy chicken. The salad dressing was super garlicky and a wonderful compliment to the rich teriyaki  and sticky rice.  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is that Husband ordered the all white meat version and it wasn't nearly as succulent as mine. Granted I understand that white meat is, by definition, drier -- but even I've managed to cook a moist chicken breast so.... Regardless I am definitely going back as I really want to try some of the fried dishes. The dude next to us was just SCARFING down some sort of wonton-type things.
