4	Chipotle just opened several locations near where I live, so I decided to give them a try.  I'm glad I did because they are really good.  Very fresh ingredients, the tortillas were soft and chewy, the lettuce was crisp, the salsa was hot, but not too hot, and the meat was savory, tender, with a unique and pleasant texture.  I threw some guac on top to make my tacos complete, and I was a happy camper.  For about the same price as a Moe's or Qdoba, Chipotle offers a much higher quality meal.  I was very impressed and will definitely be going back.  I had the tacos with shredded beef, and also tried a couple of bites of my girlfriends chicken burrito...she got the hot salsa on hers, and baby ...it was hot!  But still good, fresh tortillas, great ingredients.  If you're in the mood for Mexican, give Chipotle a try.
4	Wisconsin Ave in DC was the first place/ time I ate at a Chipotle.  Primarily because it was a perfect place for lunch, located near a project I was working on and served healthy food, if you order correctly.  I ate there 3 times a week, so I must like it.  Anyway, I am happy to see that Charlotte finally has one in the area.  The place is fast food, which I normally avoid.  McDonald's formerly owned Chipotle with a majority investment in the chain, but do not let that discourage you as based on the quality at every other fast food Mexican place (e.g. Taco-Hell, Salsa-really-not, and even Moe's--which is not that bad) -- Chipotle is the Champ (Flaming Amy's in Raleigh bests it as that place is just cool).They grill everything fresh and have an option for you health nuts called the Burrito Bowl, basically burrito ingredients sans the flour tortilla.  The location on South Blvd fit what I excepted, as do most chains.  You order what you want on your burrito/ burrito bowl from beans, to meat (chicken, steak - lean steak, pork), to fresh vegetable toppings.  This is done ala Subway order line.  So, by the time you reach the end your food is ready to go.  I recommend getting a side of salsa and chips.  The chips can feed two and they are seasoned with Sea salt (I think) and Lime.It is a great fast food place.Likes -. Lean steak. Fresh ingredients. Salt & Lime Chips. Healthy eating. Burrito BowlDislikes-. Chain . None near Cornelius
4	I like this place because it is animal friendly.  All of the animals used in their burritos are treated fairly and they aren't raised in cages.  Remember that you are what you put in your body, and this place does the body right.  The food is scrumptious and the hot sauce burnt my tongue, oh yeah baby.
2	I'll start by saying everyone pronounces this place incorrectly, & it irks me to no avail. Without the accent mark, it's just Chi po tull...not Chi pote lay...if that at all makes any sense. So until they add the appropriate accent to their logo, I'll continue to say it how it should be said...not how the company inappropriately wants it to be called. Anyways, I'm not a huge fan of this quick tex mex burrito joint. To me, there are several other places in Charlotte that are much better for getting the same thing.The taste of their burritos just doesn't do it for me. Maybe it's in the onions or spice flavor of their chicken, but I just wasn't a huge fan of their burrito or their sauces. To me, it seemed like a lesser tasting burrito than many other places such as Qdoba, Moe's, or Phat Burrito.Chipotle isn't one of my favorites & I'd rather go to several other places to get a tasty burrito.
4	I'm a bit obsessed with Chipotle and was incredibly excited when one finally opened in Dilworth (now they just need a location in Uptown). I first fell in love with Chipotle in Minneapolis 10 years ago. It's just simple, good, fast food. Given all the Chipotles I've visited and burritos I've eaten over the past decade, I used to be frustrated with the South Boulevard location. Some of the employees weren't nice and they hadn't really mastered the art of rolling a burrito. But things have improved greatly there. I'm pretty loyal to the chicken burrito bol, but everything there is good. If you're trying to keep things healthier, go for a salad and avoid the sour cream and cheese.
4	I visited this particular Chipotle (chi-poht-ley) for lunch this past Saturday where there's always a line no matter what time during lunch you go.  It's not that they're slow; quite the contrary.  It's just that large numbers of people pass constantly through during their Saturday lunch, which seems to extend from about 11 am - 3 or 4 pm.  The seating here is a bit odd.  It feels like you have to find a spot at the one, long single table in the high school cafeteria all over again.  Can you say, "Awkward?"  If you want some privacy while stuffing your face, take your meal outside where they actually have individual tables. The crew seemed to gel really well together.  They all looked (and sounded) like they were having fun at their job, but still very professional when assembling their customers' orders.  That's the kind of place you want to visit.  The burritos themselves are your traditional burritos which are very similar to Qdoba, Moe's, Salsarita's, etc., etc., etc.  Nothing fancy.  Nothing that stands out from the rest.  The one thing that seems to set Chipotle apart from those others (at least for me) is that they're the only burrito chain that carries the chipotle-flavored Tabasco.  How apropos.
5	5 stars for a chain?  Really?  Ok yes, it's amazing how many people mistake it for authentic Mexican food and don't know that it was previously bought and then spun off again by McDonalds.  But it is what it is - quick, made to order burritos and tacos.  It's also reliable, great tasting, fresh and high quality.  The chicken and beef never creep me out like some mom and pop taco shops around town.  The best thing about standing in line and ordering here is you can see your meal being made and ask for exactly what you want on it.  Customizing your chow has never been easier or more fun.  Chicken with corn salsa, black beans and guac on your burrito?  Why not?!The guacamole and corn salsa both have too many red onions imho.  But other than that I really like Chipotle.  Their chips are made on premises, crispy, lightly salted with a dash of lime juice.  And I often get the guac anyway because it tastes so fresh.  I get the crispy (vs soft) shell tacos often.  And I had not tried a barbacoa burrito before visiting a Chipotle.  Now I recognize it on Mexican menus everywhere.  So they helped me branch out and enjoy something different.  How's that for a raving fan review?  I just like these guys.  Pronunciation note from the corporate website: pronounced chi-POAT-lay
4	I've eaten at a lot of Chipotles in California and I never reviewed them because they were so common.  I'll make an exception for Charlotte :)Chipotle is a winning concept - fresh and accessible.  It gives you a pseudo healthy feeling and options (if you really want to be healthy).  It is not at all authentic, but it is tasty.  The assembly line, Subway-esque, made-to-order line works.  The menu is simple, choose your entree (burrito, bowl, taco) and your protein, the rest is entirely up to you.I recommend the burrito bowl with tortillas on the side (so much food and this way you can wrap what you can't eat) or the tacos (3 to an order).  Their carnitas (shredded pork) is always moist.  I'm not a fan of their chicken, which has a fake smoked flavor.Pile on plenty of corn salsa (the best!), a bit of sour cream and lettuce and you are good to go.Seating at Chipotles is always kind of uncomfortable, varnished plywood and steel doesn't make for comfy seating.  Get it to go and have a meal for two days if you get the burrito bowl.
4	When I lived in Charlotte I was here every week, I swear. Convenient location and nice employees. And of course, sweet tea! Being from Ohio, I thank the gods that every fast food place in the south serves sweet tea. Oh Chipotle. I love you so.
4	As a chain restaurant and slightly on the edge of being called fast food, I really enjoy Chipotle! The food is fresh and delicious! Chipotle has a philosophy for their products, "Food with integrity." They offer vegetarian options and naturally raised and hormone free meat options. It makes me feel good about not just eating delicious and a lot of it, but also from a company that is trying to be environmentally friendly. On each cup there is a story about one of their products or how they do something in the company...it's fun to read. The staff there are very friendly! I was a bit surprised at how helpful and friendly they were as I was going down the assembly line for my burrito. It has indoor and outdoor seating to suit all types as well. You can even order online so it's ready when you get there.Great food and great service! I'm a fan.
5	Chipotle oh Chipotle. What can I say? I love, love, love LOVE Chipotle. No matter what state you're in, you can always rely on Chipotle. Many restaurants (many, not all) offer organic meats and veggies. One downside that isn't really a downside: Picking up multiple orders is a chore, because it's cafeteria style ordering/burrito making. Best bet is to fax or complete your order online. Have I mentioned that I love Chipotle?They have a signature cilantro lime rice that is quite tasty. All of the meats are fabulous. For meats: Carne (steak), barbacoa (shredded beef), Chicken (chicken) and Carnitas (roasted pork). Pinto (whole not refried) and Black Beans are also tasty.Phat Burrito is pretty good too, but Chipotle takes the cake for me. I'll take Chipotle over Moes, Qdoba or Salsaritas ANY day. It always taste much fresher than any other burrito place. For those of you who are hesitant to try Chipotle, you won't be disappointed. Suggestion: Chicken Burrito w/rice, Black beans, Corn salsa, pico de gallo and hot salsa. Bam! That's the winner right there.BTW have I mentioned that I love Chipotle?
5	"Food with Integrity" say it all! Highly recommend Chipotle to anyone looking for great tasting, fast and health concsious food!
5	It's a chain, but it's cool. The staff at the South Blvd location are funny and outgoing. They make standing in line for 5 minutes fun if that's possible. Barbacoa beef is awesome and it's my only choice when I go there. Add a little cilantro rice, pinto beans, cheese, corn & tomato salsa and a dash of sour cream...heaven! The size of the burrito is well worth the $6.25! Dear Chiplote...I'll see you again soon!
5	Everything is good and so is the customer service!
5	Yipppeeeeeeeeee!!  I found a Chipotle near uptown.. This place is the greatest "fast food" in the world.  The burritos are massive and the quality of food is optimal.  Not to mention, the speed of service is off the charts.  They have found a way to maximize speed without negatively effecting quality.  Take a break and make a stop at this Chipotle.  mmmmm mmmmmm. Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	Chipotle if you were a child and I your parent I would have to say " You really disappointed me this time" I felt like your prices seemed so reasonable $5 for a burrito and then BAM you screw the Guacamole lover...come on $1.75 for freaking Guacamole on your burrito? Really!? When I balked at the price I was told "avocados are expensive" - ok, yes, they are about a dollar a piece- so I am buying the equivalent of two avocados??? I don't think so. You do not have ground beef? Wow...what the heck so now I am paying $8 for the same burrito I get at Salsaritas for $5 and now I cannot even have the type of meat I prefer? Man. So I went with the marinaded chicken. Lets just say I am glad I went and splurged the almost two dollars for Guac because that chicken was way overly seasoned - and way too spicy. I will say the burrito was very large - so if you don't like Guac then $5 is a rocking deal. Also, I preferred the rice to other establishments. Unfortunately due to my preference for all things Guacamole I wont be coming back. Please Salsaritas- invest in an uptown location ...(they do not have frivolous upcharges : ) )
5	Burrito bowl... Great service, and was very clean.  Will go here again!!!
3	Just tried this place for the 1st time yesterday and was really happy with their meat (I chose chicken), but sad at the lack of options - no jalepenos? Shame! But my salad was good and tasted fresh & healthy. I'll go back, but only if there's no Moe's around!PS: Moe's gives you chips and salsa bar - this place you gotta pay big bucks for chips and a tiny thing of salsa - NOT COOL!
5	I heart burritos that are the size of my dogs head, therefore, I love Chipotle! I am not a huge chain restaurant kinda chick but Chipotle is top notch for when I'm looking for a burrito. I love that they only offer burrito, salads and tacos and you aren't in menu overload and their barbacoa is just delish, I seriously don't know how they make it so tasty. Top that sucker with some beans, cheese and sour cream and I am all set. The place is very clean, modern and staff is quick to make a burrito and always so sweet. Another plus, they were playing The Killers when I went in this past time. Burrito and Brandon Flowers?? Bring it!Also,  I don't know what they do to their soda but their Coca-Cola rivals McDonalds which has the best Coca-Cola in the world!!
5	My husband has totally converted me to a Chipotle-lover.  It doesn't hurt that this little place is a hop, skip, and a jump away, but the more often I go there, the more I find myself going back.There are days, I find, when all that will satisfy me is a big burrito stuffed with fajita veggies, beans, cheese, and dollops of hot salsa.  I really, really, really love their fajita veggies.  They are inspirational.I don't eat fast food a lot, but when I do, it's generally Chipotle.
2	I want to love you, Chipotle.  Really, I do.  But it just seems that I find myself unable to do so.  It is not you, Chipotle.  It is me and me alone, when Qdoba and Salsarita's make it so easy to walk in and figure out what I want to eat.  Even if I find that I have no idea what I want to eat, I will look lovingly at their comparatively simple menus and assembly lines and I can figure out what I will have.Is their food made with integrity?  Do they support local farms, as you purport to do?  Probably not.  But when I am hungry, that is not what I care about.  When I want to eat, I want to figure it out quickly, and find a place to sit, not stand like a moron looking at five seats while my burrito drips down my arm because I did not think to order it in a bowl.Now that I think about it, it is not even that the menus at other places are simpler, because your menu is about as simple as it gets.  But for whatever reason, your menu confuses me, and frankly, Chipotle, it just is not that great.  At least service generally comes with a smile.
3	Slow and very unresponsive I have been here many times when I was not even addressed after several minutes of approaching the counter. This location is poorly managed.The food is great though and the price is average.
4	I kid you not, this Chipotle has some of the nicest staff around. So happy go lucky making burritos, taco salads and the like. Every time I roll into this Chipotle I'm impressed with the super clean facilities, exceptionally nice folks behind and counter and, let's be real, their burritos have yet to let me down. Massivo barbacoa burrito bowl, pinto beans, rice, cheese, sour cream, lettuce medium salsa, if you're askin'. Super fresh and, frankly, Chipotle does a nice job of sourcing sustainable ingredients from their suppliers. Check their website if you don't believe me. My only gripe is that they charge $1.75 for guacamole (on your burrito or as a side). That's pretty steep, amigo...especially because I love me some guacamole. But besides that little hiccup, this Chipotle makes me happy with solid burritos and fantastic, friendly service.
5	The food is absolutely delicious and I love that much of it is locally grown and they are always conscious of their environmental impact. It's always so spotlessly clean and the staff is always friendly but depending on who is serving up the meat, your portion may vary. Sometimes I barely get any meat. I usually get the burrito but lately have been going for their soft shell tacos. I highly recommend the guacamole and chips. I get them often as an afternoon pick me up when working late. I don't usually eat there since the tables always seem to be taken but if you can get one the outdoor tables are nice.
1	First let me say that I LOVE Chipotle.  Absolutely LOVE it.  However the location on South End is absolutely abysmal.  After going there just now at 8:15 on a Thursday night I finally realize that I need to write a review of this bastard of a Chipotle restaurant.Ever since this location opened I've been appalled at how slow the staff is.  The first Chipotle restaurant I visited with regularity was in Falls Church, VA (DC area) and I was amazed at how a line out the door during lunch would process in 5 minutes.  Same case with the location in Crystal City (Arlington) near my job at the time.The staff at South End are slow and beyond discombobulated.  There were 4 people on the front line tonight and 3 on the back line.  Everyone had to wait for black beans to be brought up to the line, and then everyone had to wait for chicken to be brought on the line.  WTF???When I got home tonight and opened my bag of chips a lot of them were greasy and soft, i.e. not cooked long enough.  This restaurant blows, I wish it would close down so I will no longer forget to go to the location on Providence.
1	Chipotle is awesome; however this is the single worst location I have ever been to, which is why the rating is so low. I eat at chipotle all the time, but will never ever go back to this location. Food: The staff (which are quite nice at least) never manage to make a decent taco. For example, everytime I order tacos with salsa, they put a dot in the middle of the taco, and I either have to ask them to correct it, or spread it on the taco myself. They also give maybe 50% of the meat any other Chipotle does. I would think a chain wouldn't vary this much with the amount of food you receive, but obviously that assumption would be wrong. Interior: Interior is terrible as well. All the tables are so close to each other it is impossible to not be enveloped in other peoples conversations. I often can hear the people sitting at the table next to me louder than the person across from me at my own table. Not because they are so loud, but because the tables are set up so poorly that I'm actually closer to them than the person I'm eating with!! Oh and the seating also holds like 1/10th of the people who come in on the average lunch. You might get lucky, but don't expect to be able to get a table the vast majority of the time at lunch.Parking: Parking is absolutely terrible. The parking lot is tiny tiny tiny, spots are all small (which means very very often people park over the dividing line), and you'll often see people parking down the street in the apartment complex, or at the shopping center beside Chipotle. Horrible planning. Staff: Can't complain about the staff. Granted, they can't make a decent taco to save their life, but they are always generally polite and nice.
2	A burrito a day kept the ramen away when I was an undergrad in California. Not only was Chipotle delicious, but also a great value. Yet, as I keep coming to this location, I keep being underwhelmed. Burritos, once $5ish, are now in the $6-7 range.That $1.75 plastic cup of  guacamole, once bursting at the seams, is now filled by an air bubble (this isn't a bag of chips!!!)The chips seem stale and not as lemony-salty as they should be.The chicken is usually a miss, being over-seasoned and over-cooked.My final straw was getting a part of a plastic bag along with my barbacoa o, which I discovered in my mouth. Yum.  I still love Chipotle, but this location needs to improve its quality if you expect people to pay your increasing prices. I'll be back to check, but I am not going to hold my breath.
4	Yes, Chipotle is everything it is cracked up to be and then some. I always feel like I'm eating a little bit healthier when I am here. Perhaps it is their commitment to reducing waste and recycling or their hormone free cheeses and meats.As to their selection, yes it does seem a bit more limited than other "build-it-in-front-of-you" places which have different types of burritos and more salsas and toppings and nachos and that one where they shout at you as you enter that has a salsa bar.Great staff. The girl who put the toppings on my burrito was super happy and really excited. I know that some of her enthusiasm rubbed off on me and improved what was already a good mood.This is a small location with very few tables inside. If you're here during a busier time, expect to get friendly with someone as you share the table.
4	so, I decided to give chipotle another chance. Service was good, people friendly... but,  every chunk of chicken in my burrito was wicked gristly. I guess if I go here again, its gotta be vegetarian
4	The service has improved over the last few months and I have to say I'm eating here alot more. I thought I'd go out of my way for a re-review.
3	I really like the burritos at Chipotle. The barbacoa is an excellent combination of both tender and spicy. I like that I can order online and pick up my food at the register. I hate standing in line, and the line at Chipotle can get really long at peak times. The guacamole is also excellent, unless it's browning (more on that below). Lately, however, I've been annoyed with the service. I always order a burrito and chips with guacamole online, but when I pick it up at the register, they just hand me a burrito. I hate having to look through my bag and hand it back to them. Also, the guacamole I've been getting has turned brown! In my mind, that means it's not fresh. If I'm paying $3 for guacamole, I want to be able to eat it without scraping brown chunks out of it. For these two reasons, I'm giving Chipotle 3 stars.
4	I honestly had to write this review solely based on the friendly staff-I can't even imagine what high standards the manager here must have but the staff is so freaking nice that I couldn't not give them props. As a lifelong salesperson, I eat on the road often, well a lot, so I can pretty much tell you the nutrition facts of most chains, which led me here in the first place-4 stars!  Also, when I'm working from home, sometimes I just need to get out for a meal to see some other living, breathing people and this is where I go.  First, it's super quick, you can be in and out if here in no time! Second, it's healthy. All the food is made fresh, right behind the counter, and they are one of the few chains who use hormone/antibiotic free meat and organic produce when possible...hard to find today when everyone is trying to save a dime. Lastly, the staff always greets you with a smile, asks you about your day and says hello and goodbye (one thing this Philly girl never takes for granted). So if you're looking for a quick and healthy meal, this is the place.  My two favs are the chicken burrito bowl and the crunchy tacos.
5	Chipolte, where Love and Food are One....Love.  That's the first thing that comes to mind when I think of Chipotle.  Not only the love that I have for this establishment and company as a whole, but the love that is put into each and every burrito I've ever eaten from Chipotle.I've been to this particular Chipotle about three or four times, and I have never been let down.  I would also like to mention that about once every other week, my gf brings me carryout from Chipotle. Thanks hun!!  I have never had a sub-par meal or Chipotle experience.My go to is the grilled steak burrito.  I've been to burrito joints all over this town, from Qdoba, to Johnny Burrito to Salsaritas, and I've yet to taste steak that is on the same level as Chipotle.  Its tender, juicy and full of flavor.  I usually like to go with the black beans and all the fixins they can pile into one monster burrito.  I must mention their guacamole.  I'm always sure to add guac to my burrito.  I will say that there is a slight up charge to add guac but their guac is filled with such greeny goodness that the up charge it totally irrelevant!  Just about every time my gf and I go to Chipotle, we are sure to get an order of the chips and guac as a side item.  Not only are the chips always fresh and crisp, but you can never get to much of the guacamole from this place.  I mean do they fly the avocados in fresh daily from Mexico??  The service is always great here at Chipotle.  They are always quick and efficient.  My order has always been made exactly as I've requested.  The actual inside of the establishment is always clean and tidy.So I guess its all a matter of what you LOVE in life?  If you LOVE good, tasty, filling, food, then there's really only one place to go, one place to fall in LOVE with - CHIPOTLE!
5	Is there really anything else that needs to be said about the healthiest, awesomest fast food out there. No didn't think so. Now go eat your chihuahua sized burrito..
3	Chipotle is my latest fast (yet healthy) food stop!  There are no bells and whistles to the Chipotle atmosphere but this location is clean and spacious.  Parking is around back for those of you who are new.  I recently visited during pique dinner hour and I was dismayed at a long line.  I was, however, pleasantly surprised at how quickly the staff kept things moving.  The food has always been good - not amazing but never disappointing.  I'm also a supporter of Chipotle as a company because they put effort into purchasing meats/produce from ethical and sustainable farms.  They are also very vegetarian friendly for those of you who opt out of eating meat.  I'd give Chipotle 3.5 stars.  I'd definitely head back, but wouldn't go out of my way to get there.
4	Great food when your out and looking for something other than McDonald's , Burger King, Bojengos etc.....
4	Good location. Serves lunch quickly. Very professional.
1	I decided to give this place a try because its literally a half block from my salon and the people at Mr.K start to remember my order since I eat there so much in one week.I absolutely regretted it. I remember Chipotle burrito was alway so massive which make me over eat due to not wanting to waste food. But I swore there's an option for regular size or small size burrito. Well I was wrong. I ordered the steak burrito. The guy behind the counter suggested adding cheese to it since the steaks are a little spicy. Umm I don't do spicy so I listen to him and add cheese. What got me soo perturbed was that he was so busy flirting with me by asking me a ton of non related burrito questions that I feel like he man handle my food. He slap more than enough black beans on my burrito, throw very little cheese in, didn't distribute the ingredients evenly so when he tried to roll it, it tore apart. After he rolled it, saw the disgusted look on my face, ask if I refer a tortilla to be wrap OVER THE original burrito, meanwhile trying to tuck all the over flowing ingredients under the roll so I don't see it. Really??!!  Another employee saw my face, he tried to save the situation but its beyond saving. The burrito was ok. It is spicy and the little cheese that was in there didn't help. I will definitely try Chipotle again. However, I will not go back to this location. I truly believe food should look pretty. We eat with our eyes first. But this didn't happen here.
4	Parking is awful. Just get ready for that. However, don't let it deter you from a great burrito. Lots of pretty sunlight in this location. Kind of OG in my book for Crown Town's Chipotle stops. Love it. Eat it frequently. Plus, I always enjoy the burps. In fact, I think I'll go right now.
4	Seriously I love Chipotle! Fresh ingredients and simple choices make this place a top favorite for when I want something "healthy" that's not a salad.I stopped in last night, the store was pretty empty which was a bonus for me, first class service. I got my usual, chicken bowl, add one spoonful of steak with all the fixings...seriously add all the toppings you have salsa, corn salsa, cheese, sour cream and lettuce and then add guacamole. Please and Thanks!It was fast, the service was great and as usual my food tasted great. Mmmm....Chipotle!
1	Horrible; don't waist your money. I left before they could even finish my order. Go to a different Chipotle.
5	Staff is nice and they have a heavy hand with your toppings. Can't get better than that.
4	I used to come to this location a lot (until they opened one up in South Park mall). I like the service here. The staff is super friendly and while it does get busy, I haven't had any issues there. It does get busy and the parking here in horrendous. But outside of that, what's not to like. Excellent burritos and burrito bowls, fresh ingredients, fresh guac, fresh chips, great salsas. The prices are also pretty reasonable too. Chipotle is solid and it's consistent. It never disappoints.
2	Fatty steak in the steak tacos. Toppings tossed on sloppily to bury the shells under a mound. $12 bucks for some mediocre lunch tacos... Me thinks not.
3	I am always a fan of chipotle. Its normally a good burrito done fast.  My go to order is:Chicken Fajita Burrito- lettuce- corn- pico- And get their salad dressing mixed in with it.
4	What can I say? You pretty much know what you are going to get at Chipotle; fresh and yummy. My husband introduced me to the bowls. It's basically a burrito in a bowl, sans the tortilla. The chicken is my favorite but if you go with the veggie chofu, the guacamole is included. That's about 1.50ish if purchased alone.And yes, parking is a bit of a bear but not impossible.
3	Yummy food, felt like a chain. Staff were very polite but definitely just another numbered customer. Would recommend the burrito. Very delicious.
5	This was my first Chipotle experience.  Limited menu although lots of topping options. I ordered the vegetarian burrito bowl. Very big and guacamole is included! It was delicious! They even gave me a side of medium salsa without a charge.Staff was very friendly, welcoming and accommodating! My only negative would be seating. Restaurant is small, but the tables are secured down so you had to share with others. I was by myself and got one end of a 6 top table while 2 women and a baby were at the other end.I will definitely be back! If you are in the mood for a quick delicious Mexican meal, I highly recommend Chipotle!
5	Lots of very trashy reviewers in the Charlotte I see. Giving Chipotle 3.5 stars?!?! You're off your rockers. This place is 5 stars.
4	The people and the food are a five but the parking and the seating is a 3 or less. Be prepared to wipe down your own table at busy times. To go is a much better play here if you can. Plus a burrito add guac ($1.85) chips and a drink is 12 bucks. Skip the chips and get a water, it's healthier anyway
4	Chipotle is one of the chain restaurants I like. It's better than Moes in my opinion. I always get the barbacoa burrito. It fills me up. Outdoor seating is nice. I flick the begging birdies grains of rice and it makes them happy.
5	Huge Chipotle fan and love how close this one is. Been here many times and never had a bad experience. Love the fresh ingredients !
4	Proud to eat at and support a business that is committed to a Non-Gmo menu! They offer healthy options while eating out at reasonable prices. My fav is the chicken fajita; I get it with lite brown rice, double black beans, chicken, fajita peppers and onions, guacamole and lots of Tabasco both red and green. Yum
5	Chipotle is the best! Get the burrito bowl, with lots of toppings. And if you like spicy, you can't live without the Smokey Chipotle Tabasco sause on top!
5	Came in with my little brother because he surprisingly never had a burrito. He said he wanted a steak burrito. When we arrived there was a wait time on steak. The manager who was eating what seemed to be a late dinner stopped to give my brother and I complementary drinks. After our wait he called for us to place our order. To my surprise he told the cashier to comp our meal. Needless to say our late night burrito run turned into a little miracle. Might I add it was delicious! You can't beat quality customer service !!!!!
5	I can't believe I tried Chipotle for the 1st time recently. Got the Barbacoa bowl with guacomole. Fantastic!! Got it for takeout. Delicious. I will be going back and often!!
4	Oh Chipotle, I love you so much.My husband and I came here Sunday to grab a quick lunch. We usually get the salad bowls, however, we decided to split the burrito.Steak, rice, blackbeans, cheese, salsa, corn, and guac (yes, it is extra but so worth it!). The burrito was HUGE. I was completely full after eating half of it. So glad we split. Love coming here because of the fresh ingredients and options. Anyone that is doing the Whole 30 diet (God bless you), this place is heaven. The carnitas meat is Whole 30 approved and so is the lettuce, pico, corn, and guac!
1	This is by far the slowest Chipotle ever. Thursday night at 8:00 they have 6 ppl in the kitchen but only two line prep people. The line has gone to the door.
5	A regular location, good service, great patio and views. Very convenient with parking always available.
1	I love Chipotle and I frequent the restaurants. This particular location is the closest to my job so I can go on lunch, however it is also the worst location I've ever been to. Many of my friends have started driving to the further locations just because the service is terrible. 75% of the time I go, the meat is not ready and they tell me it'll be a 10 minute wait most of the time. Today, I spent 30 minutes in the location - that is far from "fast" food. They never apologize like most companies do if there is a wait and they tend to get frustrated with the customer over the situation. The location near the Target shopping center is a much better location, but it's also further. I wish that this location had the management and customer service that most other Chipotles have in the area. A simple "I apologize for the wait" would do wonders. Other locations often offer a free drink to people that are waiting and while I don't even find that necessary, it is very nice and makes the wait less frustrating when they are friendly about it. People may suggest to order ahead to avoid the issue and I did that for a long time, but every single time I would arrive at pick up time and they would tell me it's going to be a minute, which actually turns into 10-20 minutes. Just a very frustrating location.
4	I definitely can do Chipotle once a week... on a good week, I can go there twice.   There has to be something said about doing simple things well, and Chipotle excels here.  Their menu and ingredients are simple and not too complex.  Sure, you may not get a variety, but at least they know what they are doing as far as what they do provide.  My usual go to is a chicken bowl, white rice, pinto beans, chicken, medium salsa, corn, guacamole, and lettuce.  When they are out of guac, I usually go the cheese route... but you can't go wrong.Depending on if there is a line, (usually there is) you can get your food and be eating within 5min which is great.This location has parking in the back - off of a busy South Blvd, I'm sure they are not hurting for business with all the other shops around this location.  Just be careful when you pull out of the parking lot due to the Chipotle food comma you WILL receive (it's just a matter of time).
2	Chicken and steak not ready for customers, had to wait extremely long for chicken. Extremely long wait for meat.
2	I'll start off by saying, I do love Chipotle. I've been to many different locations and the food quality has always been consistent. I can't give this location any more stars though. Something is wrong with the management.The past two visits, something hasn't been ready or they've been out of an ingredient. The first trip, they were out of Pico and the second trip they were out of all tortillas...How can a burrito place be out of tortillas??? I don't get it? Out of all the Chipotle locations I've been to (probably ~10 or so), I've never had this happen. It's really disappointing driving to Chipotle and having them be out of something.
1	Went there yesterday and they had a sign on the door that said "No cash. Only debit/credit cards". No cash? Seriously? ....strike 1It also said they were out of large tortillas so that meant they had no quesadillas and no buritos. How can a place like this have no quesadillas or buritos? ....strike 2Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse....the first first the employee at the counter tells me when I walk up is "We have no corn or sour cream as well"....NO SOUR CREAM!!!!! That is crime.....strike 3.  Never going back there again.
