4	Good refried beans, very interesting and delicious tacos, chips were good.  Unfortunately, the salsa tastes exactly like marinara sauce and the rice is a little flavorless.  Otherwise pretty good!
4	I was skeptical because the first person to review was admittedly a friend of the owner, so I didn't give that too much credence, but after having a combo plate and a beer I'm a big fan.The staff was very friendly, the food was delicious, and the price was reasonable.  I'll be going back soon.
5	Wow, interesting reviews. I had a great experience at Fuzzy's. Met a bunch of my friends there Saturday around 11AM or so before we  headed to the Badger game.   There were about 15 people there and we did not  have any service issues.   In fact, they kept our beer glasses full. :).  The girls really liked a drink called a Fuzzy Driver (or something like that).   I had been to Fuzzy's before so I knew what to expect but was interested to see my Foodie friend's reactions.  They  thought the food was rock solid.   Great tasting, good variety, and great prices.   Just as I thought -  everyone really liked the fish tacos with feta (yum - writing this makes me want one right now).   Burritos were raved about as well.Fuzzy's is winning me over.   Again- if you are looking for a high end meal - this is not your place.   If you are looking for really good fresh food at really good prices - this is your place.    Damn- now I really want a taco.... Mouth is watering....
3	It's not that bad... The interior/branding is pretty annoying, but the tacos were decent. They have a few things on the menu for breakfast, which I may try if I'm around again.The habanero sauce doesn't seem hot, but it sneaks up on you.
2	I've been thinking about joining Yelp for a long time, and never got around to it. Eating here got me to take the plunge. The tacos are really pretty good, but the atmosphere gave me a headache. I ordered a grilled veggie taco and a grilled fish taco, both of which were decent. The tortillas themselves were bland, but the fillings were good basics and Baja-style salad toppings, and seemed balanced. My vegetables and fish were hot, tasted fresh, and the fish was well-spiced. My husband thought similarly about his beef tacos, though my grilled veggies wanted a bit more kick. Their guacamole and queso (which they gave us free when we ordered the guac, nice) were both good, too -- fresh and flavorful.But... We were the only people there at 4 on a holiday afternoon, and about 10 minutes after we ordered, heard someone behind the counter say "did someone start that order?" Riiight. The decor didn't help either -- it's extremely yellow and bright, and they were playing loud Britney on the sound system. As I waited for my food, I tried to figure out whether Fuzzy's was annoying, or whether I was tired from shopping. Probably both, but I would've dwelled on it less without the long wait.I'd say Fuzzy's is more of a taco sports bar than anything else, but the food is -- as a previous reviewer said -- decent, and definitely a good value. If you like that kind of atmosphere, Baja style tacos, and don't want to spend much, Fuzzy's is worth a shot. If you want a quiet chat or a touch more innovation, try Tex Tubb's. If you're looking for authentic Mexican, check out Guadalajara or El Pastor.
4	First of all, the shredded beef on hard shell taco's are awesome.   The Burritos are pretty good but I think Qdoba's down the street are better because the tortilla is steamed.  The main difference here is just how good the baja garlic sauce tastes in conjunction with the Butt Burning Sauce that is at every table.  I love hot sauce and this one doesn't pack much of a punch but the flavor is as good as it gets.  The taco's are only $1.99 and there are way more options on the menu than the place down the street.  The shrimp Tempura taco's are probably the best deal on the menu and are super tasty.   Overall, for the price, I give it a 4.5/5.  I'm really happy this place is in town!
3	Overlooking the fact that this chain started on the campus of TCU, and TCU just beat the Badgers in the Rose Bowl, this place was just fine.  Fuzzy's has locations throughout the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex, and Texas usually knows what it's talking about re: Mexican food so I thought I'd give this place a try.I got the taco plate dinner, which features two tacos and two sides.  I chose the crispy fish tacos, and they did not disappoint.  The fish was perfectly seasoned, grilled and moist, accompanied by a lightly spicy mayo-based sauce, iceberg lettuce, fresh ripe diced tomatoes, and a heaping load of cilantro.  The flavor was good, though the tacos were somewhat small.For my two sides I chose refried beans and fried potatoes.  The refried beans were adequate, moist, and topped with shredded cheese that melted.  The potatoes were diced, generously seasoned, and prepared like American Fries.  They tasted good, and even better when topped with Fuzzy's signature hot sauce, which is provided at each table.  However, I didn't find the hot sauce, labeled as butt-burnin' (gross?), to be all that hot, but it still tasted fine.  Overall, I am used to finding more food on my plate at Mexican restaurants, though what I had tasted good and I would come back to try something else.  Hopefully the place will still be around then.  I was the only person eating here for lunch, because it's early January and most of the students haven't returned for class yet.  The restaurant is also located a non-walkable distance west of campus, along a retail strip that also includes many other restaurants and businesses.  Compared to other Mexican/Southwest fare, I'd say Fuzzy's is better than Taco John's/Taco Bell, on par with Q-Doba and Chipotle, but not as good as Tex Tubb's or Pasqual's, which are local and located down the street.  In terms of menu variety, though, it has Q-Doba and Chipotle beat.
2	The food here is pretty good, but expensive for the amount you get.  The three times I've been here, they have always screwed up my order or the order of the person I'm with.  I contacted the owner about this, and he offered me a gift card which I never got.  Lastly, the TVs are so loud you can't hold a decent conversation.  But the food is pretty good.  That's about it.
4	Great food, reasonable price.  The inside made me feel comfortable in a tee-shirt.  Great place to eat for casual lunch.
4	Great food, fresh tacos made to order. Feed family of 3 for under $20!Chips and queso was excellent!  I had the taco platter, hubby loved the shredded beef. $2.25 for an 18 oz glass of Landshark!  Will be here often :)
2	What confuses me is that this is not a Madison original. If it was, I would say that the lack of quality and bland taste is expected, but if I believe that this originated from Texas then I do not understand. Texas knows Mexican. This is not Mexican. It is not Baja. It is just bland and ordinary. It does an extremely poor job of coming close to being Mexican. I ordered a quesadilla and a grilled vegetable burrito. I actually threw both out. Not even worth eating. The burrito was just filled with lettuce. The cheese in the quesadilla had absolutely no flavor.I don't know anymore. The restaurants in Madison, Wisconsin are a far cry from restaurants in other areas of the country. I know someone said to me, I haven't reviewed 43 North, Grazie, L'etoile, Lombardino's, etc. I have been to them. I will at some point review them, but they pale in comparison to places like L'espalier in Boston or Alain Ducasse in New York.
2	The key word for Fuzzy's is bland. This is some of the most taste-free food I've ever had. Earlier this year I purchased a Groupon worth $10, and on my way home from Art Fair on the Square I decided to stop in. Fuzzy's is inexpensive, so I ordered the taco plate (2 soft shell - chicken and shredded beef, with Mexican rice and fried potatoes for the sides), chips & queso, and a soda to bump me up past the $10 mark. The signature of Fuzzy's is their unorthodox toppings - in addition to your standard lettuce/tomato/guac/etc, they include feta cheese and garlic sauce. At least they claim to, anyway. On my tacos there was maybe three little crumbles of feta (which in combination with the other cheese is enough, but not really enough to add any flavor), and I didn't taste any garlic at all. The tacos are heaping and meat-heavy, but again - little flavor. I probably could have closed my eyes and not been sure which taco had chicken and which had beef. The rice was okay, and probably the most flavorful thing overall. The fried potatoes had a slightly undercooked generic potato flavor. The chips and queso is ridiculously large - for $3 you get five or six servings of chips and somewhere around 1-1.5 cups of melted cheese. This would be an awesome deal if the queso wasn't so blah. Fuzzy's seems to be going for some sort of Tex-Mex/Mexicali hybrid, and for me it just doesn't work. What little flavor the dishes did have was not a flavor profile I enjoyed. I had hope for Fuzzy's being that it was a Texas chain -  while living in Texas I had plenty of cheap, chain Mexican food that wasn't great but was miles above Taco Bell. I was hoping Fuzzy's would be in the same category, but the only part that reminds me of the food I enjoyed down south was the fact they had Dr. Pepper and Fanta on tap.
4	I'm going back because the chips & queso was truly fantastic. The crispy and soft shell tacos are pretty tasty with a lot of meat and fresh cilantro and other stuff on top. If you have 5 bucks you can get 2 tacos and they're pretty filling.
4	I think Fuzzy's is intended to be Tex Mex fast food.  If that is its intent, it scores!  The food is very fresh and tasty. It is not bland at all.  i guess yo can order it bland, if you like.  They may not have what some would think is a huge menu, but it is quite varied and includes a few breakfast entrees served all day.  I am not a quesadilla lover.  But Fuzzy's has got me rethinking that. We were there last week and my son wanted a chicken quesadilla. He could not finish it so I had a piece.  It was very good.  Loads of well seasoned shredded chicken and cheese.  Really good.   My brother always gets one of their entree salads--tempura fish--I think. It is huge and comes in a big stainless steel bowl and is very reasonably priced.  My wife is a huge fan of their black bean soup.  Also, the service and people are always nice and the restaurant is clean. We go there often with our kids and they are made to feel right at home.  They serve beer and margaritas and I find those prices extremely reasonable.  I understand they have a Wednesday margarita night with special pricing that is quite a deal.  If you want Tex Mex quick but hate the TB (like me), Fuzzy's is where to go! The only downside is that they don't have tamales (yet) on the menu. But there's plenty of other items to keep me coming back for more.
1	Poor flavor, long wait time, and decorated to give you seizures!  Everything you could want in a restaurant.
4	I've been to Fuzzy's Tacos quite a few times and I've consistently had a good experience.My go-to favorite for this place is the Taco Plate. You get two tacos and two sides for $6.49 - enough for a decent meal. I've had the veggie tacos and the tempura shrimp tacos, both very good. The chips and salsa are a sizable quantity with no skimping on the salsa.The burritos are alright, but I suggest to stick towards the tacos. The hot sauce is sufficiently hot. I've been stuck waiting a while for my meal a few times... maybe a suggestion, if anyone at Fuzzy's is watching this: If someone orders chips, maybe they can grab those first while waiting for the other meals to come out?All in all, a good place to get a few tacos and chips. Lots of TVs so it's good for watching sports. I'd suggest giving it a shot with a couple of your buddies when you get a chance.
2	Great selection and quality for fast food.  Poor service, ridiculously left their front door broken for many months on end as a slap in the face to customers, and closed hours early and opened hours late many times.  The restaurant has an absurdly tacky interior.  A shame, really.  The food, menu, and prices are great.  The last time I was there, the guy almost screamed your order number when your food was ready.  I wanted to attack him.  There is a sign that says "Welcome to your new addiction".  What an insulting experience.  Save your pride and go to QDoba or Pancheros to be treated like a human being.
5	Mmmm.... Pork tacos and chips n queso!!!
4	great food, fish tacos the best, and the beef nachos are great comes with queso mmm so good.  $2.25 for taps 20oz  and same with the  margaritas. the burritos are good but to much lettuce so say easy lettuce and extra meat.
3	Fish tacos are not good.
3	My friends really talked this place up, but overall I left disappointed. Its saving grace is its extremely reasonable prices ($2/taco.) But overall, I wasn't that impressed. I had a fish taco, shrimp taco and pork taco. Of these, the pork was the best, but some of the pork in the middle was a bit under. Both the fish and shrimp tacos had little flavor to speak of, and the ratio of toppings (lettuce/cheese etc.) to protein was off. Tortillas were nothing to write home about either.The food took too long given the atmosphere/style of the food. The interior was kind of schizophrenic, an incongruous mix of sports stuff and traditional Mexican restaurant decor.But all this being said, the tacos are worth $2, and though I went on a Saturday, there are pretty good specials the rest of the week.
4	Get your head out of the gutter. Fuzzy's is a relatively new spot to Madison. Tough to get to if you're a college student without a car, but the trip is worth it. It's a great spot if you're looking for something light and fresh. I usually go with either the fish or shrimp tacos, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. They also have a signed picture of Steve Stricker on the wall, which is a definite plus in my book. It's a spot I will continue to frequent.
5	My son and I tried this place yesterday and we had the best lunch. Do you want a really great burrito get the shredded beef it was kick ass! As for my picky son he had the chicken quesadilla with black beans and onions and he said it was the best,and for a picky eater that says a lot. The prices are very reasonable and the service and people are GREAT!!!They have se really wonderful weekly specials like 1.00 Margaritas on Wednesdays and 1.00 domestic beer bottle or tap on Thursdays. Try these guys out I know you will love it!!!!!
4	Cheap cheap cheap food, tasty but the Wednesday margarita special is awesome!
3	Oh Fuzzy's Tacos....Not too bad! It was borderline 4 stars.I would first like to point out that this is not a traditional taco joint, which in some aspects in not the worst ordering situation in the world. Talk about trying something original, right!I ordered the Chicken Baja tacos along with the Borracho beans with the Fuzzy Taco signiture plastic cup.The tacos were original and huge. The chicken was topped with what seemed to be feta cheese with a galic/lime sauce and covered in pico. Pretty tasty. The bad: The chicken was not seansoned well. I do have to say one thing I look for in taco joints, is if I can fit the taco in my mouth or not......turns out this taco was huge, not a chance! A+ for that.The Borracho beans.....pinto beans in alot of beer, were tasty, but the beer/beans ratio was 50/50 so not much to eat. Mostly warm beer to stare at when I was finished.Buy the Fuzzy's cup, if and only if, you plan to frequent this place! refills anytime in the cup are $1, and it is a pretty large sized cup ( I would guess a little over a pint).A good lunch joint. As for if this place decided to start bumpin'.....well I imagine your wait time would be horrible.I would also like to point out Fuzzy's has a very nice outdoor seating area!
4	They're not the fastest, but the potatoes are tasty, the fish tempura tacos are a treat, and they serve breakfast all day long.  Even the kids like this place.
3	From enjoying numerous Mexican restaurants in Denver, I'm always on the look out for some good authentic Mexican food (or at least knock-off Mexican food). I remember the meal saying 'jumbo' burrito but feeling hungry when I finished. I had shredded pork in the burrito, that was a good eat. But the price seemed a little high for the quantity I received (not to say it's expensive though).From the way my friend talked about the place, I didn't expect it to be as small as it was. Granted, it wasn't very busy at the time of our visit; but I'd hate to go when they were. I did see some large beer vessels sitting at a few tables, great for a large group.I was also given some grief from my friend for not ordering tacos from a 'taco shop'. In can't help it if I enjoy other meals outside of a taco - I would have definitely been left hungry if I chose that limited option, after seeing his plate.I think this place is more ideal to get a few beers with drinks and enjoy a light meal. I don't see the allure in Fuzzy's, but I'm sure I'll be back again - it seems to be popular with some of my friends.Also - where can I find a Mexican place that serves Chimichangas in Madison??
4	I really enjoy Fuzzy's for lunch. The shredded pork tacos are delicious. I far prefer this place over Qdoba or Chipotle. The dining experience is far better. They have tons of TV's to watch all the sports your heart desires! They also Serve Mexican Coke which is awesome because they use real sugar. If you feel the need to indulge in an Alcoholic beverage they have those too!  They offer a lot more variety than the typical chain. So give it a try.
4	The one and only downside of Fuzzy's, to me, is that the price is a TEENY bit high. But I say that as a college student with very little disposable income who wouldn't mind if everything in life were one or two dollars cheaper. So.Besides that, I immediately fell in love with Fuzzy's the first time I went. I got one soft crawfish taco and one crispy ground beef (love that you can order tacos a la carte), and both were delicious. I wasn't expecting the feta to be good, but that + garlic sauce = amazing. My date and I also ordered the chips & guacamole, which were great. Chips were well-seasoned, not just plain old Tostitos, and the guac looked and tasted homemade.The atmosphere is fun (paper towel holders on each table!), the food is tasty and fresh...love it.
5	Authentic Mexican food.. Luved it ..
3	Decent fast-casual Mexican food, although the "fast" part is up for debate. I like the breakfast tacos better than the lunch/dinner items. I waited too long for my chorizo/potato/cheese/egg tacos, but they were hot when they came out and the fillings were plentiful. The salsa is somewhat unique -- not chunky at all but tangy with good flavor. Almost a vinegary hint, maybe? The ingredients seem fresh and the food is presented well. I'm not a fan of feta cheese on Mexican food (or any food, really) so I skip the cheese on my tacos. I like the chicken better than the beef. Overall, a good place for a cold beer and a cheap lunch or dinner. I'd go here over Laredo's, which is (was?) just down University Avenue to the west.
5	Garlic Shredded Beef +1Tempura Fish +1Soft/Crispy shell choices +1$1.99 tacos +1Daily specials +1All the positives of Taco Bell without the diarrhea? Priceless.
4	Never order takeout on the phone! Great spot for cheap tacos. And the new California heat taco is out if control! Great eats and deals everyday of the week!
3	We receive welcoming service every time we go there. The cashier is always friendly and even though it's not really a place with wait service, we've always had someone stop by our table to ask how things are going. It's a bit pricey for tacos, but the burritos are gigantic. They are generous with guacamole and cheese. I ordered the chicken burrito, which was nicely seasoned, but you either have to have a giant mouth to eat it properly or be prepared to eat bites of onions, bites of cheese, bites of guacamole, and bites of chicken.  To be on the safe side, make sure to carry some cash. We've had the credit card machine flake out on us more than once.
4	I love this place! Its great for quick food that is yummy. I get the shrimp tacos and they are so delicious. I would recommend the shrimp tacos over the chicken or the pork. The prices are good too.
4	Great place for tacos! Ordered 3 Tempura Tacos and Borracho Beans --- See pic I uploaded.  BF had the burrito, which wasn't tightly wrapped and fell apart.  The wait for food took about 20 minutes with not many ppl in the restaurant. I'll return because the food was delicious, but only if I don't have plans soon afterwards.
5	What a wonderful addition to Madison!  I wasn't super hungry when I stopped in today, but by the time I left, I had eaten 5 extremely delicious tacos. My favorites were the shrimp tacos, fish tempura, and pulled pork. Wonderful combination of flavors!  I will definitely be back to explore more if the menu!!
4	Great tacos for only $2 each. Go with the pulled pork. The habanero sauce on the side adds great flavor if you can take the heat. Would have been 5 stars but the quesadillas are just average. Stick with the tacos and you will be happy.
2	We have dined here many times and love the food.  Yesterday we had dinner there.  The temperature was 60 degrees in the place.  Kept my coat on and my fingers were cold.  Our food was also instantly cold.  When we left after asking to raise the heat it was 62.  Was very disappointed and will be a while before we can return.
1	Honestly, gave this is a shot purely from the relatively high stars for a delivery place...boy oh boy was it gross. Purely from a non-meat standpoint - the vegetable burrito was one of the oddest things I've ever ate. A strange sauce it was drenched in(some kind of mayo/cheese hybrid) with tons of lettuce and cabbage and onion..It reminded me of a milio's sub in a tortilla. There was no beans or expected burrito substance.. It was easily one of the most undesirable vegetarian options I've ever had. I tried some of the sides such as the potato or rice - again, bland and TV dinner quality at best. The chips were probably SADLY the highlight of the meal..and that's only if you can tolerate incredibly salty chips and salsa with very little actual flavors..besides sodium. I can think of tons of better options in Madison(El pastor, la hacienda, burrito drive, Taquira on park, Jalapeno on Midvale, even Taco Bell(lol)).  Unless the meat options are ungodly better - I'd rather eat sides at Red Lobster than eat here again.
4	I first tried Fuzzys in Austin, Texas and believed it was a local resturant to that area. I loved their food and was stoked to learn that it was a chain that had a location in Madison (lived in Texas last summer, moved to Madison I'm the fall).The tacos are small which allows you to mix it up and try a could of flavors. Very good margaritas and queso.
1	Food was good But not many people in the place and we only have 1/2 of are food and it has been 30 minPeople that order after us have finished eating and are goneThe person working behind the counter just gave us are food after 35 min and did not care at all
5	Fuzzy's is my favorite place to eat in Madison. If you like it hot the habenero hot sauce is great. Well priced, can't rave enough.
1	Thirty-eight minutes for some so-so tacos?!I've been an occasional Fuzzy's customer since they opened a few years ago.  I especially like the breakfast tacos, but the fact that they don't open until 9 pretty much rules them out for breakfast.Service has been hit-and-miss, and I've come to expect that Fuzzy's is never  quick.  Today took the cake, though -- it LITERALLY took THIRTY-EIGHT minutes for me to get three simple tacos.Thirty.  Eight.The tacos were fine.  No taco is that good.I will not be returning.
2	I stopped in for a quick lunch time snack of guacamole and chips today. The first bit of bad news is their driveway; huge pot holes right where the entrance meets the sidewalk at University Avenue. I mean, break an axle huge.The restaurant interior is oddly laid out, with huge communal tables and very few places for individuals or smaller parties to sit. The music is loud, and everything has that vaguely sticky patina of a beachside popsicle stand, including the riotous color scheme.They did prepare my order quickly, and the service was friendly. Too bad the food was utterly disappointing. The tortilla chips had the distinctly off flavor of rancid cooking oil, and the guacamole was thick and gluey in texture and unremarkable in flavor. I got up and left after a few bites.
3	Love the chips and queso, tempura fish taco is kind of gross, mushy and really "fishy" smelling and tasting.  The chicken fajita taco is good, shredded beef taco and grilled shrimp taco are my favorites.  For some reason the wait for food is a tad longer than you would expect, that doesn't bother me though, I usually am not in a rush, it's all good.  $1.75 tacos on Tuesday and they also serve alcohol :)
1	We stopped by for some breakfast tacos on Saturday morning, on a whim. The bacon, egg, potato, and cheese tacos sounded delicious! Hungry and anxious for food, we bit into our tacos only to experience raw bacon. Like get-you-sick raw bacon. Needless to say we left hungry and disappointed. Won't be going back.
4	Gourmet tacos! Reasonably priced. Tex-mex style foods. Fuzzy dust is just adorable. Crowd is hip & college students.
2	If your in the neighborhood, and have a craving for Fuzzy's take on Mexican food, this may be the only two reasons you could come up with to visit. I have tried Fuzzy's several times over the years, and while I like the food, it is a mostly hit or miss place. Good luck trying to find a parking space, as Starbucks shares a lot with Fuzzy's. My most recent trip was mostly successful; the big menu board above the cash register has the different menu items grouped by color, which it makes it easier to locate which menu item you might want. All of the sides were available on this visit, I can't say that for former visits. And I didn't have to wait for my food, again, unlike previous visits. But it still 'looks' dirty and still feels sticky, even if it isn't. You can sit outside the door on nice days at their picnic tables and you can bring your dog to hang out with you on the patio, if you want. They also have drink specials, if your into that.
4	Fuzzy's Taco Shop offers cheap and delicious food in a colorful dining room. Staff were pretty friendly and the food was not only cheap and delicious, but also filling. Also a nice outdoor patio. Drive thru Starbucks is next door, which limits parking options.
2	I read recently that Fuzzy's is moving out and Curry in a Box is moving in soon. Perhaps that is why they were out of half their side dishes and the customer service was utterly horrible. It's too bad because with the right management/ownership & employees Fuzzy's would thrive because they do have good food when they're on.
4	We are Austin transplants in Madison and Fuzzy's was a little taste of home. You can imagine my disappointment when I went to get tacos today and found the store CLOSED!  I was just there a month ago and now there is a Thai restaurant in its place.
