5	I was stuck in Phoenix last week and decided to partake of some sushi, and it just happened that handily across the way from my poor hotel was this great little sushi bar, I wish I had tried it earlier in the week  as i probably would have hung out there every night. The sashimi and sushi were up to the mark, somebody sitting next to me at the sushi bar got served up with deep fried  baby octopus - an off menu item  - I would have gone for that , but I was done by the time it appeared  ! The ambience was great  - a little loungey, it seemd to me that the staff were outnumbering the  clients most of the time, but it  had a friendly open vibe , everyone was gossiping and laughing in Japanese and English and everyone including me seemed to be  having a  very good time. Definitely worth a visit, it's more in Scottsdale - of I-51 - than Phoenix for those familiar with this area.
5	I am very hesitant to write my review here and post on Yelp.  Only b/c Yasu is so awesome I am afraid that there now will be a long line to get in.  By far, the best sushi in town yet.  Yasu is located in the Target strip mall on Cactus Rd.  It is almost hidden.  Unpretentious and delicious.  The Red Roll was my favorite as well as the Premium Spicy Tuna.  If my friends Carrie and Ben read this:  I had to YELP about it-- too many good restaurants close down b/c of not enough business and this one is too DELICIOUS to close.  I intend to keep it open myself if I need to.  2 thumbs up-- Go to Yasu!!
5	OK, so I don't normally blog like this, but I've just gotta write about this place.  Yasu Sushi Bistro.  The most amazing resturaunt experience I've had in a long time and probably my new favorite place.  Hiding in a strip mall in PV (53rd St & Cactus) is this brand new, upscale little sushi/sumibiyaki joint.  Introduced to me by my wonderful friend Eric.  I met Ryan Kim who showed us the best of the best they have.  First off, atmosphere was great, dim light but not too dark, interesting but delightful music selection, eclectic but themed art selections hanging.  Small patio area outside and just a handful of tables inside.  I passed up the delightful list of sake for the night and started off with edamame, very fresh tasting with just the right amount of salt.  Eric had the miso, which looked quite good for just soup, I hear it's all made from scratch, so no wonder.  We ordered the Power and Phoenix rolls after Ryan explained what was what (my Japanese isn't much of anything yet).  Also after reading the New Times review I was eagerly looking for the Washu.  Ryan also informed us that they have quit stocking it and went for a higher grade, Wagyu. I was now anticipating this even more after hearing how this is the most tender meat in the world, right above Kobe.  The beef was the first to arrive, on a long neat platter served with garlic chips, cut into small cubes, and lightly sea salted.  Alongside the tray came a small bincho-tan fed ceramic grill.  I'm still trying ti find the name of the grill, so please anyone knowledgeable, fill me in. The bincho-tan being imported from Japan along with the grill itself and the beef just made for an immensly unique experience, at least here in the states. The warmth of the grill and pleasant aroma of the charcoal was just the beginning.  Using our chopsticks, we grill the meat tabletop to perfection.  We were told that we're just the second people to try the new menu item so the staff was watching for reactions.  After being built up to this moment, it was surprising to find that it really was everything they said and more than I was expecting.  The look on my face was all head chef Yasu needed to know to understand how satisfied I was.  Words cannot describe it, but this was the best tasting meat I've ever had, so tender, juicy, melt in your mouth amzing flavor.  Yasu even stepped out from behind the counter, brought a small bowl of lemons and told us to just drip a bit on the cooking meat to flare up the charcoal and get more flavor from the smoke.  Wow!!! Again, even better, I was in heaven.  Our rolls arrived alonside and order of calamari.  Each roll had such unique flavor and distinction from every other place I've been.  You can tell what care has been given into making each item.  The calamari was not rubbery or tough unlike others.  Normally it's just a side, but now it made me stop and revel in it's taste as well.  Just when we thought we couldn't go any further though, Ryan suggested dessert.  Ok, I thought, why not.  Red Bean/Banana spring rolls sounded good, but with their opinion we also tried the new item, green tea cheesecake fondue.  I was glad for the second, a small burner with a combo of white/milk chocolate came paired with skewers of soft green cheesecake for dipping.  Crumbled nuts and bananas on the tray just enhanced the flavor as this truly was a dessert I would not have wanted to miss.I know my words are not those of a food critic, but just trust me, you HAVE to try this place to understand how remarkable and different it is.  By far not just another sushi joint (which I barely got in to but saw other plates go by and wanted them too, nigiri and sashimi).  I cannot wait to return and will accompany anyone who wants to make the trip.
5	Wow, what can I say? Our first visit last night and we're already planning the next of what will surely be many more visits. Yasu has taken sushi and Japanese dining in Phoenix to a whole different level.I think this is what places like Ippei and Taneko in Scottsdale have been trying to do, but just can't seem to get right. A modern Japanese restaurant that offers select sushi and a variety of sharable plates in a cool, comfortable atmosphere. Where the other restaurants fail, Yasu nails it.Everything at Yasu was executed almost to perfection - food, service, decor, ambiance. Fantastic menu and even better list of specials, which had just as many items! Definitely try the tsukune, a skewered chicken "meatball" cooked over charcoal - just fantastic. And the sushi was uber fresh and delicious. They'll even customize to your taste if you ask. There's also a full bar and a very nice selection of wine and sake, of which the staff is very knowledgable. Only a couple negatives to mention. The sushi bar is small, 4 people max, and you can't see the fish or chef's working their magic. Also, the seats at the sushi bar are 2 curved wooden benches - a bit hard and uncomfortable.  Other than that, I just wish we'd tried Yasu sooner, can't wait to go back for more...
5	I agree with the other reviews, Yasu serves some of the best Japanese food in Phoenix.  The formula of fresh high quality ingredients, authentic preparation, artful presentation, modern yet unpretentious decor, friendly service and reasonable prices is destined for success.Having spoiled my taste buds in Tokyo eating sushi every week for 5 months at Tsukiji, the world's biggest fish market, it's been hard to find satisfying sushi, especially in Phoenix.  I was delighted to see fishes imported from Japan on the menu, like spanish mackerel (aji) which I've seen only at the best sushi restaurants.  We order it as sashimi - the slices were presented next to the bones of the fish (head to tail intact) with ginger and chopped green onions.  The fish was fresh and full of flavor.  After we finished the dish, the waiter took the bones back to be deep-fried.  This is as authentic as it gets - the Japanese waste nothing.  If you can get past your squirmishness of eating fish brains, this is the ultimate crunchy treat.Unfortunately, ankimo (monkfish liver) - one of my favorite raw dishes - creamy without being fishy served traditionally with ponzu sauce - was out that day.  We had the succulent kumamoto oysters, which were also served with ponzu, instead.The grilled yellowtail (hamachi) filet and collar (hamachi kama) were both perfect - grilled patiently over oak charcoals until the exterior was wonderfully crispy while the interior stayed deliciously moist.  I generally prefer hamachi kama because it's oiler and more tender but the presentation of the filet was quite dramatic - long plate with fried root chips on one end and ponzu sauce with grated radish on the other.  Grilling like this does take time so be prepared to wait 20-30 min for this dish.  Quicker grilled dishes include the giant scallops wrapped in bacon and tasty lamb chops.  We also ordered the beef tongue but somehow the waiter never entered it in.We also ordered a childhood favorite: cornflake shrimp - jumbo sized shrimp rolled in cornflakes and deepfried, served with a homemade tartar sauce.We loved the variety on the menu and can't wait to go back to try more dishes, esp the ankimo and grilled tongue.
5	I went again with my partner for our second time there.We sat with "Yasu" of Yasu and were treated to a killer sushi dinner.I am an advanced sushi eater, I eat sushi 4 to 10 times a month and spend a lot of money doing so.  Negatives?  Nothing is perfect, perhaps the sushi bar is a bit small (4 seater) but totally intimate.  I also wish I could see through the glass to watch what they are making.Positivse?  Full bar and some serious Umami.
5	I seriously doubted I would be able to find five star sushi in Phoenix.  I was wrong, wrong, wrong.  Yasu...what a pleasant surprise.  The place could be lost in a strip near a Target and REI, but once you walk in you are transported.  The decor is minimalist and soothing.  It's small enough to feel intimate but not crowded.  The sushi bar is small, with just four seats (two to a bench).  It was a little odd to not be able to see through to the sushi chef's prep area, but in this case it didn't matter.  After the first bite we offered ourselves up to Yasu's expertise, deciding we trusted him completely.From the kitchen we had sake steamed Manila clams.  They were fresh and smooth.  The broth was light and buttery.  We also had the grilled scallop in bacon.  The scallop itself was huge, and braised to perfection.  But let's continue to the sushi!Our tastes are rather simple when it comes to sushi...no crazy rolls involving tempura, spicy anything or cream cheese.  Along with our standard tekka (tuna) and Kappa (cucumber) rolls, we did order a soft shell crab roll.  Well-done.  The rest of our items were either nigiri or sashimi: octopus, chu-toro, mackerel and salmon (be sure to get Yasu-style: just a touch of flame with ponzu, no need to dip).  Specials included striped jack, fluke, and Kumamoto oysters.  All of the fish was high quality, fresh and expertly prepared.  The rice had a perfect consistency.  I think my favorite of the night was the fluke.  It was served with ponzu instead of soy sauce, allowing the light, subtle flavor to shine.The chef, Yasu, and his assistant, Takeshi were helpful and very friendly.  They made sure to encourage us to ask if we had questions, and to make some suggestions.  Be sure to ask for fresh grated wasabi instead of the regular stuff.  Oh, and save room for dessert.  The green tea tiramisu was unreasonably, ridiculously delightful.I am thoroughly impressed with Yasu, and look forward to returning next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	So what can I say that hasn't already been yelped?  First, Yasu for sure lives up to the hype and then some!  If there was anything above 5 stars I would give it here.  This place is as good as I've had in any city in the country.  The menu selection is plentiful with a nice variety of hot dishes and sushi.  We sat at the bar and were pleasantly greeted.  The chef asked us our names and then we found our the owner Yasu was going to be preparing our sushi.  He was very nice and gave us a few suggestions.  After a little small talk he broke out the good wasabi and told us to not bother with the original.  For all of you who haven't had the real stuff it is VERY different from the lime green paste.  All of the sushi was tip top, fish was fresh and tasty. Also he uses ponzu on a few items and I'm a huge sucker for that goodness.  You must try the scallop wrapped in bacon, it was ridiculous.  The scallops were about as big as my palm!  Anyway, I could ramble forever so get your butt over there and get the Japanese food you deserve.
5	Well, hate to join the bandwagon, but this place is the real deal! I went here based on Yelp reviews, which after almost a dozen, averaged 5 stars! But several were from newbies to sushi, so I was skeptical, even with a recent ROTD. Had to try for myself.Yasu's is in the Target/REI mall on the corner of East Cactus and Paradise Valley Parkway West, on the edge of Scottsdale and PV, adjacent the Army Recruiting office! The restaurant is immediately recognizable as Japanese owned, by its tasteful and elegant decor in subdued natural tones of wood and stone colors. Clean, modern, with understated class and attention to detail. It isn't large, with only 10 tables inside, 8 4s, a cozy 2 by the sushi bar, and a 6 in front of it, with a small L shaped stool bar next to the sushi bar which only has 2 benches seating 2 each. Outside are 3 more tables in a fenced patio with Tiki lamps aburning. There is a hostess, a Japanese floor manager, several youthful Eurasian servers, and a mostly Latino kitchen staff. Yasu and Takeshi do all the sushi behind the sushi bar, and pace each diner well. They specialize in a daily special menu. Samples for a Friday night included:- Kampachi (baby yellowtail) $12- Kumamoto Oysters (half shel or Sumibi) $10- Aji (Spanish Mackerel) or Striped Jack sushi or sashimi ($5.5/$12 and $7.5/$16 respectively)- Whole Black Snapper (from the Sumibi Yaki Grill) $20- Saikyo Beef Tongue ($8)- Grilled Pike ($8.5)- Grilled Squid Surume ($13.5)- 5 oz Wagyu ($75)- Cornflake Shrimp w/Tartar Sauce ($8.5)- Karaage Black Snapper ($22)- Sake or Miso Steamed Manila Clams ($8.5/$9)- Foie Gras w/ Japanese Eggplant $13.5 Obviously from other reviews, many of these are standard faire daily. Sushi is moderately priced, with basic Nigiri from $4.5 - $5; Exceptions are sweet shrimp ($8), Crab Leg ($6.5) Uni and Mirugai ($7.5). Sashimi are reasonable from $7.5 - $10. Rolls from $4 (Maki type) up to $12 max (hand styled). I went for a $50 Omakase (I count on you, chef) and Takeshi went to work. 1. Duo Cherrystone Clams on half shell atop its own caligraphy covered ceramic charcoal hotpot, garnished with minced green onions, fresh ginger and a dab of spicy tuna mix, doused with Ponzu sauce, taken to a boil in front of you. OMG! AYKM? ($7.5)2. Crystal white Himame (Fluke) fish garnished with minced green onions, morsels of katsuyaboshi (bonita shavings), ponzu, and shaped and decorated to look like a mini sperm whale with eyes and gills ($5.5)3. Hard to find Striped Jack (Shimajii) red striped white fish au natural ($7.5)4. Saba (Mackerel) served without garnish ($4.5)5. Seki-Saba (special mackerel only bought in 2 places in Japan, just arrived today) $6 (smoothest, melt like butter Mackerel you will find!)6. Sake (Salmon) Yasu Style: Scored, seared on the Sumibi Yaki Grill for a smokey flavor, sprinked with ponzu sauce (don't dip into shoyu/wasabi!). Best tasting salmon I have had! Soft and flavorful! ($4.5)7. 4 inch long narrow hand roll filled with buttery Uni and a hint of spice ($7.5)Total with $6 large Asahi Super Dry: $49.I waited 20 minutes for the sushi bar, and as it happens that I was a single, another single came nearly simultaneously, and we talked, shared sushi, and with Japanese politeness, poured each other's drinks. I shared sushi, and they shared Seared Scallop Carpaccio, which were about 8 small sand dollar sized scallop slices, very tender and white, garnished with minced negi, katsuyoboshi, and ponzu.I complimented Takeshi (Umai, Oishikatta, Subarashii!) and left him a $20 bill because I was so happy! (I tipped the wait staff, too)Anything Asian with "Bistro" in the name makes me a bit nervous that it is some convaluted Fusion Crap joint trying too hard to be Hip and Chic. Not the case here!Yasu's rivals other sushi-ya in LA, SD, SF, LV and Seattle, and costs less than ones of equal quality and creativity. I highly recommend it!
4	I have relatives out in Phoenix, so I always go out to Arizona for Thanksgiving. Arizona is not exactly a culinary Mecca, and I'm not a big fan of turkey dinners (don't crucify me for being un-American), so by the end of Thanksgiving, I'm usually desperate for a good meal. Usually, after a big heavy Thanksgiving meal, I'm so burnt out that I want something simple and clean, like Japanese food. Unfortunately, in Arizona, a good Japanese meal is hard to find as most sushi restaurants are all about the dragon-uppercut-rolls and crispy-dynamite-ju-ju-mojo-and-the-kitchen-sink crap made by sake-bomb pounding "sushi chefs" who think Japanese cuisine must always include a squirt from a bottle of Sriracha hot sauce and a helping of mayonnaise.So when my brother-in-law recommended Yasu, I was more than a bit skeptical, having gone to his other recommendations in the past. Fortunately, after dragging him to all the good Japanese restaurants in LA this summer, I think he's finally developed a good sense of what Japanese food is all about.To put it simply, Yasu is probably the best Japanese restaurant in Arizona. I sat at the counter in front of the owner/chef, Yasu-san, and asked what the omakase course included. He explained that it includes a sampling of sashimi, yakimono (grilled items), and sushi. Couldn't have asked for anything better after an overdose of dry turkey. We started with kumamoto oysters with a light ponzu sauce. The oysters were very fresh--I'm a huge oyster fan so I like my oysters simple, but I can see others liking the flavor combinations of the ponzu and the green onions with their oysters. Next came hamaguri shichirin-yaki (large clams grilled over hot coals). The big, juicy pieces of clam grilling in their own juice with a hint of soy sauce were simple yet divine. Fresh sashimi followed which included some nice pieces of chu-toro, sweet shrimp, and huge Boston scallops, all of which were devoured as soon as the plate was down. The scallops were really sweet and succulent. Yasu-san explained that he gets it shipped directly from the fisherman in Boston.The charcoal grilled course started off with tomato and asparagus wrapped in bacon (pretty good), followed by what's got to be the best tsukune (chicken meat ball) I've ever had in the US. And I'm pretty picky when it comes to tsukune. The minced chicken meat is chunky and retains the great texture of chicken, and the yakitori sauce is nice and restrained, allowing the smoky flavors of the binchotan (Japanese hardwood charcoal) to come through. Yasu-san actually imports all of his charcoal from Japan as its low smoke and high heat is optimal for grilling. He then served beef tongue marinated in miso. This, along with the tsukune was the highlight of the night. When I saw the thick cuts of beef tongue, I envisioned 30 minutes of chewing as big pieces of tongue tend to be tough, but I was completely wrong. Tender, tasty, absolutely wonderful. When I complimented the chef on how good these were, he grinned and told me that it's tender because he only uses the back of the tongue--the tip tends to be really tough.I was getting pretty full at this point, but out came seared scallops--the chef probably noticed how much I liked the scallops. I was pretty full, but god, were these scallops good! We really must have come on the right day.At this point, I was stuffed, so Yasu-san prepared four pieces of sushi to finish the meal. Now, this was the only disappointment of the night. The sashimi and everything else were so good, I expected the sushi to be just as good. Unfortunately, the pieces of tuna and salmon weren't very flavorful, and the unagi was a bit on the dry side. The rice was a bit underseasoned as well. It was somewhat of a disappointing finish after otherwise and excellent meal, but it was okay since I was pretty much stuffed to the gills at that point. Having so many different types of dishes, I can see why they decided to call it a Japanese bistro rather than a sushi restaurant. Although their sushi was not at the level of top sushi restaurants in Socal, I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone who's in the Phoenix area looking for excellent Japanese food.For the purists, they may be put off by some of their dishes, which do cater to the masses, such as their rolls and "dynamite". But I assure you that their non-Americanized dishes are solid.
4	I live in what might possibly be one of the finest cities for sushi in the US....yep, Los Angeles (Feel free to argue or debate this point with me and then tell me where to go, cuz I am a sushi ho!). Specifically, I live in Studio City; the home of sushi row, the land of sashimi wonderment and the prime pallate real estate that holds faves like Asanebo, Nozawa and Iroha. So imagine the pressure my co-worker, Gabi K, was under to find a sushi place worthy of my snobby and know-it-all sushi taste buds.She chose Yasu and dammit, she chose well! I thoroughly enjoyed the tasty treats we had here last night and I would definitely come back if I lived here. I really liked the hamachi with jalapeno. It was a little light on the ginger sauce, but still very good. We also tried the tuna carpaccio that mixed walnuts with it. Very different and very good. We also tried one of the featured scallop specials that was good, but a little too heavy on the scallions for my taste. I wanna taste the scallops and they got a little lost in the onion madness. We also tried the shishito peppers, good, but a really small portion and the eggplant. Oh and I can't forget to mention the miso-marinated black cod. Very deelish.Definitely check it out. The atmosphere is nice and charming, the service is attentive and helpful and they serve a nice Pinot Grigio to boot. Good times :)
4	You can't go without trying the Miso Cod. It just melts in your mouth.  The tuna carpaccio also just melts in your mouth.  The place is small, but it it worth it to wait for a table.  I ate at the bar and the bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly.  If you want to go for Sushi, you must try Yasu.
5	Agreed with other reviews - small sushi place but just fantastic! Great staff with great attitude throughout. The ingredients are so fresh and tasty. We have dined at many other sushi places throughout the states ...and this one is definitely on top of our list! Some of the food we sampled: seafood salad (great sauce/dressing), sake steamed clams, grilled squid (huge!), yasu roll (cucumber wrapped), spider roll ...Oh yes, and both the chocolate souffle & green tea tiramisu are to die for ...I can't wait to come back for more of this. Recommended!
5	Just found our new favorite sushi place.  The food was impeccable... not simply the sushi, but the grilled items were wonderful (we had the terriyaki spareribs, and bacon wrapped scallops - yum!).  The sushi was done to perfection, the best tuna I've had in Phoenix.  The atmosphere was cozy (it is a small restaurant), but the staff is very helpful, from the hostess who seats you, to the bartender, to the wait staff and the manager.  We were welcomed at every opportunity.  When we arrived, we had a short wait for our table (even though we had a reservation).  While waiting, the bartender was incredibly helpful in his recommendations of the menu.  Then after we were seated, he even came over to see if everything was okay.  A very delightful experience all around.
5	I have a theory that there are great sushi places and then, there are the rest.  This is definitely a great one.Every time I am in Phoenix, I run to this place (multiple times).  The fish is ALWAYS fresh and I miss it dearly.  They also have tempura but really, eat the sushi!  I would simply eat here everyday if I could.  Really, it is that good.
4	Don't get me wrong ... Yasu is a great Japanese restaurant. But, 5 stars is being a little too generous. When all is said and done you get a very good Japanese meal at a relatively high price. Unlike your typical sushi place, Yasu offers some more off-the-beaten-path Japanese delicacies which are all worth a shot.
4	First: How the hell do you yelpers remember every damned dish you ate? I have a problem remembering whether or not I wore shoes yesterday, much less the contents of my stomach. Me, short bus; you, Memory genius? I don't know.Second, my mumsy-poo and I went here, and she's a tough nut to crack. She practically raised me on sushi and doesn't fall for the upper-upper crap that a lot of these places try to make themselves out to be. (Read: We're stereotypical Jews; we don't want to pay a lot, but we want the whole cow.)That said, the service was a bit slow, but the woman was pretty slammed and alone in the place, so I'm only yanking one star. She was totally gracious and apologetic, and if I were rating her, she'd get a five, but the restaurant should have at least 2 servers on at lunch. Also, no ingredients for bloody marys. Wah wah. The food, though, was AWESOME. We had the sashimi combo, and the pieces of fish were HUUUUUGE! And tasty. We also crammed down dessert and were pleasantly confused about this sweet crepe business at a sushi joint.We're glad we went; though it was a hair expensive for the location (North Phoenix/PV Mall area isn't exactly a mecca for delicious eateries... prove me wrong, yelpers!).Picky Jew mom digs it, so Yasu succeeds.
5	Yasu has quickly become my favorite Japanese restaurant in town.  The first time we ate there, my wife and I had the sashimi lunch plate.  I was totally blown away by the quality of the hamachi.  Absolutely the freshest yellowtail I've had in Phoenix.Since then, we've eat there several more times for lunch and three times at dinner and every time it's been incredibly good.  Just the simple tuna roll is the best I've had in Phoenix also.  Super fantastic food.As for price - any good sushi restaurant is going to be expensive, but we've spent as much or more at lesser quality restaurants like Sakana.  Also, $1.50 for soda nowadays is fantastic.  And, having Echigo beer is a definite plus.Yasu has a great atmosphere, though I wish they had a longer sushi bar where you could watch the chefs do their thing.  We regularly bring our 11-year-old son who loves sushi and that's no problem.  The noise level is acceptable, though expect long waits if you show up on a weekend night without reservations.If you like Sushi at all, please make your way to Yasu - it's well worth almost any drive.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Expectations are funny things.  Once you have them, you are bound to be disappointed.  But I have to say, Yasu did not disappoint.  Popped into this cozy random nook of a restaurant for a random Tuesday night dinner out and it turned out to be everything I hoped it would be and more... knowledgeable server, good atmosphere and sushi that melted in my mouth like butter.  All of the residual stress from a bad day at work evaporated like the haze of water droplets from a mister on a hot Phoenix summer day, leaving me feeling cool, calm and content.  Oh yes, Yasu did not just meet my expectations, it exceeded them.  And I am hard to please.
5	I am a pretty big sushi fan. Living on the West Side (623...forever biatches)...my choices are really Sakana (which is ok) and Tokyo Lobby (which can be really good or a bit funky)....I heard about YASU in PHX MAG and then Yelped it....Have gone there twice in the last week. First time did more of a sampling menu, sushi, things from the grill etc. The second time just rolls.Both times I was impressed. The rolls aren't large (which I actually like) and the fish is really fresh and delicious. No need for soy sauce or wasabi. The grilled duck was recommended by our server (I am no a huge duck guy) and it was pretty kick ass.  We also had a crab which was good, but the portion of crab meat for the price was a little small. I would just skip dessert. Nothing too impressive. But the sushi is great and the menu is very unique. Cool atmosphere (dark, good music, but still casual).I don't think I will be going back to west side sushi!
4	I've had sushi at least once a month for the past 15 years, so going to a sushi restaurant that can surprise me doesn't happen often.  While the sushi is good,  I'd put it in my top 5 in the area, it was the atmosphere that got me. Its a cozy, sushi tavern.  Seating is tight, but that added to the allure.  The patrons are as friendly as the staff and great recommendations for food came from both.  Its a well dressed up spot that has a trendiness all its own.The reason it isn't a 5 star in my book is the sushi.  To be a 5 star in my book the sushi would have to be top tier in addition.  Don't let that detract you, YSB is a place you have to go to at least once.
5	Just went last night and all I can say is Yahoo Yasu!  If you haven't been get  going!  Great fish and the duck some of the best I had.  Very simple full of flavor.  Music got loud as the night wore on. Portions are small and sharing is a great way to go.  I even think they had Kirin on tap!?!?! I don't drink but that seems cool...Looking forward to trying the $75 Waygu(sp?)
4	Pleasantly surprised that an Izakaya actually exists in Phoenix and that it was actually pretty good! I took my parents here for a light lunch based on the reviews and proximity.  I was not disappointed.Being a picky eater that has Izakayas at his disposal left and right, Yasu not only has friendly service, but also great ambiance, decor and food.We started off with the fried tofu wrapped in Nori. The dashi broth was delicious. One of the better Agadashi Tofu dishes I have had.  Next we tried the king mushrooms. They were delicious.  The mushrooms had a great flavor and seasoning, and it was topped with tempura battered mini shrimp. Excellent dish! Highly recommended!Next we had the Albacore Tataki Salad. The albacore was pretty fresh and nicely prepared, however I wasn't a fan of the dressing. A little too much vinegar and acid for my taste..Finally we tried the Tonkatsu lunch special that came with salad and miso soup. Nice. Very good.I was disappointed that they ran out of the black cod (one of my favorites at Izakayas) however I am sure it is absolutely delicious as well.Please do come here for some pretty authentic Japanese bar/pub food! Great all around!
5	This is the reason Yelp is transforming our eating experience.  It used to be that business trips to unknown locales would result in poor to middling eating experiences at some wheel-of-fortune restaurant near the hotel.  With the help of Yelp, my partner and I were able to find outstanding food despite rarely having ventured into Phoenix before.Finding Yasu Sushi Bistro was certainly a great way to end our Arizona experience; and with awesome sushi no less.  The nigiri pieces were wonderfully fresh -- a very welcome and unexpected pleasure -- and the black cod miso was the hit of the night.Furthermore, the service was wonderful as we were treated to the enthusiasm and knowledge of our great server.  Regretfully, I'm not sure if her name is spelled with a "K" or a "C" but either way, having the infinitely helpful Cali -- "like Cauliflower" -- was the cherry on top of a great meal.Perfect for:  Those craving fresh sushi while surrounded by desert and cactuses.
5	Sushi is not just a meal, it's an experience...Everything from the way fish looks to the crisp green of the seaweed is art.  The smell of the sake and the sound of crisp sizzle on the grill create an environment conducive to stretching the palette.  Yasu's does this like no other sushi place...The fish is pristine, the rice like air, and the flavors intense and varied.  My wife and I live a stone's throw from this place you would never see it if you didn't know it was there.  It's like a little secret that is starting to get out...All I can say is that it is hands down the BEST sushi in Phoenix, period.  Get the fried oyster rolls, get the grilled mackerel or trout...just try it!
5	I must give them five stars... very reasonably prices (compared to Chicago).  Very yummie rolls from 6 to 10 dollars.  Love the clean decor and chill' ambiance.  I ordered their special Long Island Ice Tea - seriously a fusion drink with a hint of lychee and mango - so good and strong!
5	This seriously is one of the best sushi places I've ever been to - and I love me some sushi so have had alot.I went here with your PHX yelper Nadia C. - we were in town visiting for the weekend and she was excited to take me to Yasu since she knows a) I love sushi, and b) I love great food.  I was blown away by how great this place was - and it's in a STRIP MALL!  I would have never picked it out unless i lived in the neighborhood.  We had sooooo much food.  We ordered several apps, oysters, rolls - and were so impressed by the chef that when we wanted to add more, we told the waitress to have him surprise us.  Their special rolls are inventive and unique - the Red Roll was my favorite.  The sashimi was incredibly fresh and high quality.  We were visiting for a long weekend, and loved it so much we ended up going back again 2 nights later.  Had to get my Yasu fix while I could!  I will definitely be going back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	I had a wonderful experience at Yasu, First when you walk in you are immediately greeted with a warm traditional Japaneses greeting.  Then you notice the great vibes and atmosphere. The decor is very chic. The staff is so nice. When I told my waiter I was a Vegan he had alot of knowledge about everything on the menu that was vegan friendly. The chefs made me a special plum cucumber roll on the house! My boyfriend had the Black cod and he was  very happy with it. I will be going there regularly.
5	my first yelp! review, and it's because of Yasu...I decided to take my friend here for her birthday based all the great reviews. She loves sushi and I was looking for a great place out of (north) Scottsdale and the seen/be seen crowd that tends to exist in that area.Wow! What a great place. Service - wonderful - impeccable, menu selection - wonderful, food - wonderful. We sat at the bar to wait for a table and the bartender suggested a few items to try since we hadn't been there. Happy to say I listened and was thoroughly impressed - the black cod was absolutely delicious. I will definitely go back . Oh, and my friend's drink, the appletini, she said was probably the best she's had (it's a Ringotini with a little something extra). We even got a little Japanese language lesson :)If you go - Make a reservation! I didn't realize they took reservations so waited, however the wait wasn't long at all. Great place for a date, or friends and even family.
5	I had a really, really, really, GOOD meal here recently...... and I am not even a die-hard sushi fan (I like it, but don't love it, and sometimes feel like the quality and subtlety are wasted on me.... I know, blasphemy).... anyways, for me this place had such a great mix of traditional sushi, japanese grill (there is fancy name for it but I can't remember), small cooked plates, and some cool creative dishes like red snapper carpaccio (it was my fav).  The tuna tataki was really good too - we got it "salad style", and I loved it ..... also the garlic miso clams were ridiculous.  We had the waiter bring us a couple bowls of white rice just to soak up the pool of deliciousness that was the leftover sauce.... yum!  My friends really liked the shashimi they got - esp. the hamachi, and I tried a piece of albacore that was really good as well.  And don't get me started on the dessert - the green tea cheesecake was phenomenal - so creamy and tangy... I wanted to take it home with me and sleep with it under my pillow.  Yes, I clearly have issues.  We also got the green tea tiramisu, which I wasn't as big a fan of.... missing that same "oomph" that the cheesecake had.  Bottom line, this place is 'BOMB!
5	I had a tough time deciding between 4 and 5 stars.  Wish there was 4.5 stars available for me to choose.Went here on a business trip with a coworker and tried it out. I had at least one of the following:Sapporo - Can it ever be bad?  It was served very cold.  Thumbs up.Green Tea - Good.  Good service on the refills also.Edamame - Good.  Right amount of salt.Miso - Interesting wooden bowl and wooden spoon.  It tasted good, tho.Yellow Tail, Salmon, Tuna, Albacore, Uni, FW Eel,  Kampachi nigiri.  Good stuff on all of those.  They also have "Yasu style" nigiri for some types, and they are good.  It usually involves ponzu on top.Spicy Tuna and Softshell Crab roll.  SSC was great!Service was pretty good and sushi was also good.  The bar was full but I wish I could have eaten there.  The sushi chefs were friendly and talkative to the people at the bar, which is unusual (at least compared to LA).  The base quality of the fish, outside of whatever ponzu, soy, wasabi and other ingredients were on it, was pretty good, but I wouldn't say 5 stars.  Since I generally judge a place wholly on the food, I give it 4.5.  Failing that, I rounded up!
5	Finally found a Japanese restaurant worth going to around here! Service was friendly and attentive, the sushi was fresh and very good.  I tried the dynamite dish it was very small but just right when your having it with sushi.  Will definetly be back.
5	I'm not a sushi expert by any stretch of the imagination.  I like sushi, but my experiences at such restaurants all seem to blur together.  This may speak to how average most are, but only two in the region have ever stuck out.  The first is Sushi Ken, located along Chandler Blvd in Ahwatukee.  I'll save that for another review but, if you have the opportunity, be sure to check it out.The other is Yasu.  My wife and I had an impromptu dinner here a few weeks back and very much enjoyed it.  We actually had one order of California roll as an appetizer and the first quality I noticed was how fresh it tasted, much unlike the kind that comes in a plastic carton from Basha's.  Upgrade.  The accompanying miso soup had a striking taste without being overwhelming.For our entree, we shared the rib eye steak.  The steak itself was nice and tender but the highlight were the included dipping sauces.  Delicious!The restaurant itself is a little cramped for my liking, but it has a very cool, laid-back vibe.  The sushi chefs were busy chatting up a couple at the bar, talking about their favorite items on the menu and just making it feel even more pleasant.  Yasu makes me happy I moved to NE Phoenix.
4	My husband and I went to Yasu about a week ago. It's the first Japanese restaurant we've tried since we moved to Phoenix about a month ago - we decided to go based on the stellar Yelp reviews and were definitely not disappointed. I can't give Yasu all five stars because some of the hot dishes we tried were not as flavorful as we had hoped (based on the reviews and the prices!), but we found the sushi and other fish dishes to be really fresh and flavorful, the service to be attentive, and the overall vibe to be trendy but laid-back. We started with two rolls - Spicy Yellowtail (~$7) and the Phoenix (shrimp tempura) (~$9) - which were both perfect. The rice was the right consistency (not too sticky or soggy) and the fish was fresher than most we've had in California, let alone the desert. At the recommendation of our server, we tried the octopus carpaccio, one of the daily specials, and fell in love. The octopus was sweet and tender and topped with a delicious sauce and sliced jalapenos. Next, another special (the miso eggplant) arrived and it was amazing - tender with a sweet and incredibly flavorful brown sauce. Up until this point, we were in love with everything about our Yasu experience. The next two dishes were a little disappointing. The rib-eye steak that everyone raved about was pretty much just that - rib-eye steak. It wasn't that tender and it didn't have much flavor besides that of the grill. The dipping sauces were good but didn't really make up for how inherently standard the steak tasted. The shrimp fondue dish was also disappointing - it was basically just shrimp covered in batter that you dipped in boiling sweet and sour sauce. The shrimp tasted frozen and the whole dish just felt a little forced. However, these two dishes aside, we loved Yasu for the fresh sushi (which is probably harder to find that good Asian-inspired steak), the amazing octopus and eggplant, and the good service. We would definitely go back.
4	Trendy Japanese sushi place! 4/5We went to Yasu for the Valentine's Day. We were very impressed by the food but a bit dissapointed at the service and table set-up there. We were seated at the corner with both of our chairs facing the crowd (very tiny space to move around). We couldn't adjust it to our comfort level and were in very awkward position the entire night. Other than that, we would go back again for the food!
4	Very swank and the food is as good as the atmosphere!  While I'm not a fan of the raw stuff Yasu has plenty of other options.  I went with five friends and all were equally impressed with this restaurant.I found the service to be excellent, the waitress was very accomodating in answering the ad-nauseum questions from the annoying patrons behind me :)  They wouldn't be considered cheap, but hey-it's raw fish so I guess I gotta butch up sometimes...
3	This is a good place to go...some of the fish was amazing others were ok...
4	Yasu. It's been on my list for a while now and I finally got a chance to go. We selected a Saturday night without reservations and hoped for the best. We arrived and immediately were seated on the benches at the sushi bar at our request. The decor was very pretty and clean, I liked the folded and tied napkin, and the smooth black river rock. It had no purpose but to be pleasant and calming. We quickly forgot we were in a strip mall in AZ.The server greeted us immediately and we just as quickly disappointed him when we chose not to select any fine alcohols, but he was polite and began a description of the foods available this evening. I knew I was going to have a hard time picking from the decadent options, but since I needed to coordinate tastes with my husband, we began gently selecting, eliminating, and balancing all the options. Here is what we ended up choosing:Kampachi (baby yellowtail) Sushi Blue Fin Toro Sushi These two selections were divine and buttery.  I looked sadly at our empty plate when they were both gone. One taste of each, but it was our first visit, I didn't know better. My regret is not selecting the Sashimi option. Next time I am getting Sashimi for sure.Miso Soup with Clam. We needed to try the home made Miso. Wherever you go it's one good indicator of quality and while it was good, we should have chosen one bowl to share instead of a bowl each. We enjoyed it, but in the future we won't waste a selection spot on the Miso, much less two spots. That was silly of us.Grilled Diver Scallops with Uni Cream Sauce. We looked for the bacon wrapped scallops, but they weren't an option. I loved the meaty well prepared scallops and enjoyed pouring the Uni cream all over. The presentation was pretty, but it was only a nibble of asparagus. As asparagus is relatively cheap, they could offer a bit more than one stalk quartered into a tiny Lincoln log pile. Maybe three stalks fanned with grill flavor? Still the presentation reminded me to eat slow and savor my bites. Easily the tastiest dish.Sauteed Mirugai with Assorted Mushrooms.  I enjoyed the shredded red threads that garnished the pile of earthy blended clam and mushrooms, but my husband did not like that texture. There wasn't anything wrong flavor wise with the dish, it was pleasant for me, but not a wow.  In this spot we might have been more pleased with an item from the grill or something with tempura.As our server got pulled away to the benched people next to us, we took his advice when it was time to order more things and spoke directly to Taki and Yasu, who happened to be right in from of us. We did come here for sushi, so we ordered: Spicy Tuna, Phoenix Roll and Yasu roll. How can you not order a roll named after the owner? While we waited for these next things, the benches were starting to be quite uncomfortable. No backs and a ridged lip were starting to make us shift about. We couldn't see what the Sushi chef was doing through the panel in front of us anyway, so while it was nice to be so close to the chef's we decided that next time we will sit in the dining room. Out came the rolls. I really think they are the same roll with very minor differences. Roe in one and cucumber wrapped around the other. I thought they were very tasty though. I only used a small bit of wasabi and soy, but that wasn't truly necessary, just habit. The spicy tuna didn't impress me as much, and it was here that I decided Yasu was truly more a Bistro than a sushi bar. Not in a bad way, just a note to myself that it's best for all the plated selections more so than the sushi. No reason for it NOT to be a fabulous sushi bar, as everything was so fresh, but something was missing for me and I couldn't put my finger on it. Some of the best fish I've had, yet not the best sushi?  Then we ordered the Salmon Sashimi. That was fabulous! Sliced thick enough, clean, amazingly smooth it reminded me I screwed up getting Blue Fin Toro as a sushi instead of Sashimi. I ate slowly, not wishing everything to be over yet, but my husband was full. I had come starving. I shouldn't do that! I batted my eyes a bit and said softly... Dessert?We had the Green Tea Cheesecake with Chocolate fondue. They piped the cheesecake spirally onto three skewers and laid them each onto one topping: small bit of coconut, candied pineapple and pecans. The chocolate fondue was milk chocolate and was best used as a drizzle instead of a dip. I was very indelicate with the dessert, finding the skewer quite awkward. I just used my thumb and forefinger to slide the Cheesecake off and popped it into my mouth. I shrugged. Not classy of me, but it worked. I would use a harder cheesecake format and cube it for dipping, instead of that presentation, but it was different! Our cost with 18% tip was $125.All in all I was very glad we went to Yasu and we will go again to try many more things. Very pleasant waitstaff, nice evening. Recommended.
5	We've been in Yasu numerous times and their food quality and services were consistently excellent.  We love their great sushi selections (blue fin tuna, live shrimp, etc).  Their fish are very fresh and flavorful.  If you are adventurous, this is a great sushi place for you!Some of the best kept secret about Yaus is their charcoal grill.  We fall in love with their grilled whole black snapper, grilled whole Hokke (Atka Mackerel), and grilled whole squid.  Whenever you order anything from the grill, you better be patient.  But your patience will pay off.  The food absorbs so much flavor from the charcoal and it is so moist as it cooked slowly over the grill.Our flavorite table in the house is at the sushi bar.  The sushi chefs are friendly, interactive, and informative.  We asked their recommendation each time and never disappointed.Trust me, the food is so good here that we drive 6 hours each way to dine at Yasu once a month.
5	I especially enjoy the sashimi here... I still think about the salmon.  The atmosphere and service isn't anything special and I'm not a fan of the dessert but the main dishes are good enough to keep going back for.  Be aware that you'll be paying for the quality of the food.
5	simply the best place to eat sushi and everything they have to offer.Service and food is outstanding !!!
4	Tonight was my second time dining at Yasu's. I was really excited to score a seat at the sushi bar, eagerly hoping to chat it up w/ the sushi chefs. However, they seemed too flustered w/ all the orders that they made a minimal attempt to talk to me besides asking, "is everything ok?" And I think the Mexican sushi chef is new so the Japanese sushi chef had to instruct him on certain things a few times. I started off w/ an order of kampachi sushi, per one of the recommendations of the Japanese sushi chef. While it tasted fresh, it was very blah to me... nothing special about it at all. A few minutes later, the waitress arrived to take my drink order. I decided to just stick w/ water and told her I was ready to order a few items off the paper menu. I had decided on mirugai (giant clam/geoduck) w/ mixed mushrooms, hamachi sashimi w/ jalapenos and ribeye sumibiyaki. First up was the hamachi sashimi w/ jalapeno slices. Nice thick slices of buttery hamachi, but all the seeds were scraped out of the jalapeno slices so they weren't packing much heat. After I ate them all, I remembered that there's a freakin recall on jalapenos in AZ and there wasn't a sign in the restaurant stating that their jalapenos are safe. JUST. EFFIN. GREAT. I hope I don't get salmonella. If you don't hear from me in a few days, pls call for help.. I live alone! And tell them, IT WAS THE JALAPENOS FROM YASU'S THAT DID ME IN!Anyhow, next up was the mirugai w/ mixed mushrooms dish. Very small portion, but it was tasty. They were a bit skimpy on the mirugai to mushroom ratio so that was a little disappointing. About 10 minutes later, the waitress asks if I'm all done.. I ask her about the ribeye and she asked the sushi chef & kitchen in a frantic tone.. They reassured us it was almost ready. Another 10 mins later, it arrives.. I guess it was worth the wait.. it was soo tender I was able to "cut" off the fat w/ my chopsticks. DEEE-FREAKIN-LISH. It could have used a lil salt, but that's just me being picky. The 3 sweet dipping sauces helped. Next time, I wanna try the duck sumibiyaki. Since I had a $50 gift card (that I purchased from the radio promos for $25), I had another $10 to use up so I ordered the shrimp skewers wrapped in crispy noodles. The crispy noodles were like deep fried chow mein noodles. Interesting, but good. Stuffed like a pig, I paid and waddled out w/ my leftovers in tow.
5	Miso happy! This is the best sushi I've had in Phoenix. By far. Hands down.Best miso soup - ever. I had their salmon oyster roll thing - raw oyster wrapped in a piece of salmon with salmon roe on top. It was divine! (I fantasize about this, seriously.) Their soft shell crab is... wow. Melt in your mouth perfection. They don't do happy hour, but the prices end up being very reasonable for what you get. I tried their baby yellow tail and a huge piece of clam. Tasty! Yasu is small, so get there early. The place can fill up quick! I love the atmosphere inside. The service is superb and the staff is uber-friendly. When we walked in, the guy behind the bar waved at us. If you don't live nearby, it's ok. The sushi is definitely worth the drive. And if you live close-by, I hate you. (Just kidding. Or am I?)
5	FANTASTIC!  Not only the best sushi in Phoenix but some of the best I've had anywhere.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Fun drink selections.  Great ambiance.
5	Best Japanese in AZ, hands down.  I try ALL the sushi places and this place is the best.  The original dishes are top notch and the grilled food is amazing.  Also a good bar, try the shisotini.First, get something off the specials menu.  I've been 7 times now and I ALWAYS order off the specials menu.  They often have VERY good toro, even otoro on occasion, always a first recommendation at any sushi place.  Also they use special wood for the grilled items so you also have to try one of the those.  If you have friends/family that fear sushi the carpacios (usually similar to sizzled fish, sashimi and hot oil) are always tasty and very non-daring.  Also the cooked specials are plentiful so do not fear.  If they have the live ama ebi this is a MUST.  You will not see it live, but you'll taste it and YES, eat the heads!  Lately seared scallops w/ uni sauce has had a semi permanent spot on the specials and that is amazing.The service is great and the price is fair, usually $100-$125 for two with drinks and desert (the desert rules).  Great for a date, birthday, etc.  It's in a very unassuming spot in a strip mall near a target and circle K.  Anyone who knows sushi knows to frequent small unassuming spots in strip malls.  The interior is great and the atmosphere is comfortable and classy all at once.  One of the best restaurants in AZ, and I've eaten (frequently) at most.
4	I'd have to say, for Phoenix, the sushi here is pretty good.  I don't know if it's because I had too much, but I felt sick the next day.  It could be that it was so good that I had too much sushi.  Overall it ambiance was very good with a fusion'esque feel.
3	They say the middle of the road is a good place to get hit, but that's where I am with this place.   The Bad: 1. We were seated at the smallest table ever to be in a restaurant, I think the Guinness Book sticker was on the side of it. 2. Then we were handed two large "book style" menus, a sushi menu, a drink menu, and a sinner special menu.    Just shuffling all that paper made us a little crazy.  SIMPLIFY PEOPLE!3. One of the items we order was brought to us on a plate that was so large that it hung over the side of the tiny table. Very dumb because there was no reason other than "looking cool" in the kitchen when they made it.4. A little pricey for what you get.The Good:1. The bacon wrapped scallops (only 2 for $8.50) were awesome. The best I've ever had.2. The waiter was very helpful with drink and food suggestions. (Keep in mind that he seemed to see we were having a tough time flipping through all FOUR menus.)3. The Red roll was out of this world.4. The place itself is as nice as your gonna find in any strip mall in AZ.See, 4 good points and 4 not so good points.  This one is up to you to check out and see for yourself.
5	I am in deep smit. This place rawks. It's not the ultimate dining experience I have ever had but the sushi is phenomenal! First off, the sushi chefs are actually Japanese and not Korean, Chinese or... we'll just say North American and leave it at that. Secondly I asked my test question (What is good for sashimi tonight?) and he immediately answered 'My favorite is the Japanese Red Snapper' (which I've never had). I was slightly dubious as this was the daily special but it was good. Freakin good. Slap yo momma good as my LA friend likes to say.I was also slightly put off because the rolls weren't described anywhere. I asked my waitress (who was cutesy and attentive) about this and she provided me with this alien looking quintopod with little cards describing a few (five to be exact) of the roll contents. The Red Roll was the only thing that sounded good, but boy was it delish!I followed with tuna sashimi that was definitely some of the best tuna I've had. I also tried the 'new' beer on the list Echigo which starts kind of like a premium American amber (like Fat Tire) but finishes like traditional Japanese lager. It was lovely and has me hoping it will be available more places soon.The place is definitely not perfect and I can see what the other reviewer said about small tables and multiple menus (I was treated to 5). It's also probably not a great place to take a date unless they love sushi as much as I do. In fact ditch your date and take me instead!But to me food reigns supreme. I'll sit on a bucket in a leaky tent to eat fabulous food and this was fabulous. I ate there over 12 hours ago and I'm still having food orgasm aftershocks.The prices were reasonably high for a sushi place, but you definitely get what you pay for. I had the red snapper sashimi, red roll, tuna sashimi, more red snapper sashimi :D, and unagi for dessert, plus two beers and it came out to $75 before tip. Worth. Every. Penny.
5	I have been looking for great sushi in AZ and this place fits the bill...plus a lot more. The food was outstanding. Service was great. I go there a lot and have never been disappointed
3	The location is convenient and I would say that is a plus.The restaurant is small but pleasant and it is on the pricey side.  As an individual who has been having  sashimi forever, this place is just an ordinary Japanese restaurant.  The fish was fresh but the cut was just so small and kind of common.  The waitresses were helpful and friendly but I hate the fact that they would talk to you even though they knew that you were in the middle of a conversation.  I also dislike the fact that you would see frequent hands and arms flying between you and your company taking the plates out of your sight.   I guess I would go back to try their grill menu.
5	To date, the best sushi I've had in AZ, bar none.Fresh and delicious. The rest of the Japanese menu is just as extraordinary, and the staff is helpful friendly and welcoming. Not too stuffy either!Overall, one of the very elite restaurants in Arizona.
4	I'm not a huge sushi eater, but since my wife Maria is, we decided to east at Yasu when we were visiting Scottsdale based on other Yelp reviews. It was a bit of a drive from the McCormick Ranch area, but well worth it.We were seated right in front of Yashu himself, and he is a sushi making machine. The food was excellent, well prepared and presented, and tasty. Hard to go wrong if you are in the mood for sushi!Compliments to the bar manager as well, the selection was terrific, with many top shelf cocktails available.
5	I want to give this place 7 stars! My only regret is that I didn't stuff myself some more. This is what we had and every bit was delicious and amazing! Oh and it was all prepared by Yasu himself! Fois gras with japanese eggplant: criss-cut eggplant was the perfect match to the melt-in-your-mouth fois gras served with a tiny japanese peach that was sweet and cold, so goodsalmon belly sashimi yasu style (seared): i could eat 20 of these easily.uni + squid: playful textures, soft uni and chewy squid, almost like coconut jellyhomemade mochi (green tea): not your typical mochi! must try. it's sweetness was just right and uniform in every piecemusic and presentation of every dish and overall ambiance was what every sushi restaurant should be. I can't wait to go back there. Yasu, please open up a second restaurant soon! Somewhere in san diego :)
1	My husband and I have been "regulars" at Yasu since we discovered it. However, given the poor treatment we received last week, we will not be returning.  We were entertaining 2 business associates and I called around 4 pm to ensure hours and make a reservation. I was told that I wouldn't need a reservation for four around 6:30 pm. We arrived promptly at 6:30, but were told that it would be at least an hour wait. I spoke with the manager about the phone call, noting recognition in his eyes, but he told me that he couldn't do anything at all to help us because he had taken several reservation after I called. I mentioned that I was specifically told that I wouldn't need a reservation. He said he would be happy to make a reservation for me if I call in the future. Well, that just won't be happening. He then scurrried away and hid at the bar, allowing his equally rude hostess to deal with us, even after asking to speak with him again. The immature way in which this incident was handled leads me to believe that Yasu can't make good when they make a mistake. If they just would have made some accomodation to note the mistake of not giving me a reservation, I would not be posting this, but just can't let this go and felt my fellow diners should beware - you're SOL if Yasu makes a mistake.
4	man talk about balance I had dinner @ Yasu today and it was great. The service was on the money, the server knew the dishes and helped me navigate to find what I wanted to eat and the food didn't disappoint. I didn't have any sushi since I wanted to try other things and I'm glad I made that choice. The restaurant is small but comfortable, welcoming and just has a good vibe. I agree with kkdat with allot of her recommendations (by the way the beef tongue was great) I was impressed with the attention to detail. the miso was tasty but you must try the salads they are some of the best that I have had in the valley. With a little bit of refinement I think they will be a sure bet 5 star restaurant sooner or later....
5	This was, hands down the best sushi I have ever had.  Finding great sushi in the valley is an overwhelming challenge, so I am relieved to finally have a default place to go for amazing sushi.  The menus were giant, so our waiter took care of us.  We asked him to just bring food, and that he did!  We had several courses, the first of which was a sashimi tuna, cut from the belly; it was very rich in fat which makes it just melt in your mouth, served with freshly made wasabi, followed by a beautifully prepared salmon with an amazing ponzu dipping sauce (we took them up on their offer to fry the remaining head and bring it back), we had incredible little lamb ribs which came served with little japanese fruits, kobe beef (I think they call it something else) which blew my mind.  It was the most tender thing I've ever tasted, even more so than some baby birds I've nursed back to health.  We had foie gras on top of roasted eggplant with a kind of sweet savory sauce, this mollified any hesitation I had about eating foie gras.  It was simply "heaven." (T. Danson) Our meal was punctuated by two bottles of sake so milky white, it reminded me of a pair of young women's legs.  I have not had a better meal since.  I solemnly swear to return to my sushi mecca.  I enjoyed that the chef or owner (someone in charge) was out in the dining room explaining everything to us, and checking up.  I never see that these days, and it's a really nice touch that sets this restaurant apart.  The service was amazing too.  Our waiter was on top of everything and so were the bussers.Simply "heaven!"
5	Best sushi in Phoenix.
4	Irasshaimase!!!! ()  .. . . . .. . . . .  Is the greeting we received coming into this restaurant.  Reminded me of some of my old stomping grounds in SF.It is a small restaurant, with very small tables and Big serving plates. Other than that this place rocks!  I live in this area and can't believe I waited this long.  Was there with my 8 year old daughter so did not have the opportunity to order much.  The Tuna Sashimi was fresh and cut in large blocks - yummy.  Also had the Yellow Tail Nigiri and that was awesome.  Lastly had the Short Ribs - Tasty (just like the Korean Kalbi Ribs).Note to Parents - No Kids menu and small tables.  There is outside seating however. So be prepared if you go.Going back soon with wifey so we can try more.........
5	What can I say? This place rocks!Yasu knows his fish and truly took my dinner party on a flavor adventure.The restaurant seats under 50, so the atmosphere is very cozy and warm. We took our seats and prepared our palettes for the freshest and most savory fish I have tasted in Arizona. I don't know where to begin... I'll highlight my favoritesBacon wrapped scallops, cooked to perfection. The bacon was crispy and they achieved this without overcooking the scallops. Red snapper carpaccio pounded paper thin - yum, melted in my mouthRed miso eggplant (This eggplant has a much thinner skin, a more delicate flavor, and very little seeds that tend to make other American eggplants bitter) this dish was amazing, so full of flavor (It was even a hit with my little sis who normally hates eggplant).Garlic miso clams - Our server suggested picking them up like cups and slurping the clams out so you get the full experience and do not miss any of the miso. Excellent idea.Wagyu sashimi (Kobe beef comes from a breed of cattle called Wagyu, learned this that evening). It was served with a sliver of fried garlic and a wonderful dipping sauce, but I didn't use it because the quality of the meat was so that I did not want to cover up the flavor.Kampachi (This yellowtail must be extremely high in fat, it tasted like butter. (I didn't want to share).We ended the meal with Foie gras sushi and a chilled tiny Peach.  I had to give my taste buds a moment to recover from the Foie gras, just let that flavor marinate my taste buds... Wow!This meal was excellent and our server was well educated. He recommended options we would not have been so bold to try without his prompting.Hats off to Yasu and team, this place is culinary expertise at it's best.
4	As far as authentic goes, this is a great place for sushi.  Yasu-san takes great pains to make the sushi both artistic and well balanced for the palate.  There are mostly simple, classic sushi offerings as well as some spectacular add ons like soba and tempura.  Their tempura is some of the best I have tasted.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because for those that want more trendy sushi (ala "RA") or more americanized offerings this will be disappointing.  I would recommend going somewhere else if more traditional fare is not preferred, leave the tables for us that love the classics.
4	The Good:  :: the sushi chef (Yasu). he knows his thing.   :: the service. we had the most attentive server who asked us what we were looking for. based on what we told him, he catered to our needs with the appropriate suggestions  :: the specials of the night. be a little adventurous and tell the waiter you are looking for interesting delectables that are on the nightly special menu. we got ourselves into some interesting things i've never seen or eaten before.   :: presentation of food served. it was so beautiful...everything was given plenty of time, attention, and care before it was presented to us.   :: the interior. it's a very cute, modern, unassuming sushi restaurant. very clean and cozy. perfect for what we were looking for.  :: casual attire welcome. bonus!  :: knowledgeable staff in general, whether it was the server or the bartender. everyone knows what they are supposed to do. they aren't just idiot hired hands. they have had proper training. this is very important to the overall sushi experience.  :: every time someone came in, they would shout something in Japanese. i loved it!!! very cute and inviting.The Bad:  :: location. it's in a strip mall when it could live in a cute small independently standing building/house of its own  :: no web site??? wha???? The Ugly:  :: None.Would I go back? Without a doubt. I can't wait to try more of what they recommend.This place is IN.
5	if you want california rolls go to safeway, you want to eat great food, heres the place. lunch, dinner, any time. the best is the omakase! yes, its worth it! mix 2 parts japanese with 1 part french and you get great food!! thank you yasu
5	This is my first review on Yelp so here you go...I love Yasu!!  This is by far the best sushi and authentic japanese restaurant in Phoenix.  I have been there numerous times and it never disappoints.  You have to try their Sumibiyaki which are items cooked over Japanese charcoal, last time I was there I had the beef tongue..sounds weird but its so goodNigiri/sashimi are a must.  They always have the best selection and daily special, most important...its always fresh...this is definately important!!  The sweet shrimp is my personal favorite and anything else you order, you will find the fish is sliced with great execution.  Request fresh chopped wasabi, you will never eat sushi with out it again!  Love this place!!
5	I havent had a sushi fix in awhile and decided to stop by Yasu on the way home from work.I've been meaning to stop by on several occasions since you fellow yelpers keep raving about this place!Anyhow you would never think this gem would be hiding on the side of a Target-  location is kind of weird but once you get inside it all makes sense.Really nice ambiance to the place, service is great- friendly. The menu was lengthy--and I wanted to try just about everything but realized, one step at a time.I got my favorite miso soup and here its the real deal, nothing watered down real soft delicious tofu, scallions, not too salty- just right. I got some tamago, nigiritoro, yasu roll and maguro nigiri... Wow... amazing stuff right there, especially the toro, delicious unctuous tuna- the tamago was spot on. Everything was exceptionally fresh, I wanted to try sumibiyaki or desert but I could barely move at this point! Im snacking on my edamame- and will be going back again, I wish it was slightly cheaper but for this quality- worth it. By far the best sushi i've had in phoenix followed by hiro sushi !
5	Hands down 5 stars, no questions asked.This place has the freshest fish in the valley by far, or for that matter some of the freshest fish I think I've ever had.The service is impeccable, recommendations are amazing... wait, everything here is amazing! If you try the Foie Gras with Japanese Eggplant though be fully prepared to order another serving as the stuff.....is......so...........awe......so...me.....I'm daydreaming now, thanks yelp.
3	Tucked into a small stripmall, this tiny sushi bistro definitely caters to diners looking for something better than the neighborhood's other fare.The sushi was good. Not as good as Sushi on Shea, but in its defense, the service here was MUCH better.But the martini was awful. I sent it back, then stuck with wine. Oh well.My preschool enjoyed tasting (and rejecting) many of the items, all in good fun.It's only open for dinner. Sorry, lunchtime sushi lovers.
5	Just had one of the best Japanese meals ever in the US @Yasu, this little restaurant tucked in an unassuming stripe mall in N. Phoenix.  The food was mindblowing. The Toro and silky tofu was perfect.  The creamy tofu compliments the soy-flavored minced toro with spring onion. The kumomoto oysters were excellent - small, crunchy, and well flavored.We asked Yasu to put a sashimi for us and he delivered well.  The sashimi slices were the most generous I've ever seen.  The tuna and yellowtail melted in my mouth and the giant clam was crunch and delish!  We also had baby yellowtail, sweet shrimp, red snapper, etc.  It was amazing!!Next, we tried the robata grill.  What a treat it was!  Everything we ordered - black pork sausage, bacon wrapped asparagus, black cod, bacon wrapped grape tomatoes - was grilled perfectly.  Yasu has definitely won my heart and those of my coworkers too.  Keep up the good work Yasu-san!
5	First, I'm half-Japanese and I've been to Japan several times. I'm fortunate that I have relatives in Japan so I get the experience the "real Japan" when I visit. Therefore, I'll admit to be somewhat of a snob when it comes to Japanese Restaurants. My girlfriend and I were in Phoenix/Scottsdale for our first visit to Spring Training and we were newbies to the iPhone world. Wondering where to go for dinner and wanting something special, my girlfriend fired up her iPhone and jumped onto Yelp. After a fairly quick hunt, she came across this restaurant and the many glowing reviews. I have to admit that I was more than a little skeptical and thought that "I'll be the judge" about how good the food really is. Like I said, I'm a snob. Well, lo and behold, the reviews were spot on and the food was delicious, the service was very good. I'm getting hungry, just thinking about how delicious the food was that night. You'll see I rated the price range "spendy," but don't let that deter you from visiting. I would rather pay a little more for great food, than pay less for mediocre food. My only regret is that living in Sacramento, CA, I won't be able to visit this fine restaurant on a regular basis. However, I think we might become regulars for Spring Training. If so, I know where I'll be having dinner at least once, each time I visit the Phoenix area. One final note. We had heard that Daisuke Matsuzaka had received a special dinner and that MLB players frequented the restaurant. I'm fairly certain that former pitcher, Jason Schmidt, was having dinner at the restaurant that night. Since my girlfriend is a rabid Giants fan and Schmidt is a onetime Giant, that was a nice treat for her.
5	Had a wonderful meal at Yasu this weekend.  I'm already a huge fan but it's nice to see that it never disappoints. With Sea Saw closing, it's definitely my favorite place for Japanese food in town and one of my very favorites regardless of type.The last few times we'd gone, we went omakase and had a variety of of his excellent sushi and creative cooked dishes. We love the Sumibiyaki (nice to get Wagyu too) and can never get enough foie gras.  For some reason tonight, we ended up doing mostly sushi (which I also always love).  I also typically sit at the sushi bar and as I was with friends, we were at a table this night.At Yasu, if you're not doing omakase, you've gotta start with the specials handout.  We stared there & barely left it. It's hard to resist when you know that is what the chef recommends that day.We started with a killer red snapper carpaccio drizzled in hot sesame oil, soy sauce, and ginger. Superyum...Then we did a series of nigiri sushi: bluefin toro, kampachi, aji, Chilean abalone, uni, live amaebi. Everything was wonderful. Super fresh. Amazing. If I had to pick favorites, would go with the uni, live amaebi and the Chilean abalone.We also did a plate of yellowtail sashimi w/sliced jalapeno. Yummy. And then we finished off with a chef's special dish of seared salmon wrapped around shiso, some julienne radishes, etc. It was also topped with ponzu sauce. Wonderful dish.Anyway, it's only been 3 days and I already feel like I'm way overdue for my next visit.
5	First off, I was a little nervous to take our 2 year old out being that the review stated it was not child friendly. We went Father's Day weekend and just about every table was filled with children. The waitress was great and she brought out a bowl of rice and a plastic cup of water for our daughter while we waited for the food. We had the eggplant stuffed with shrimp as an appetizer. The sauce was good though the eggplant could have used a little more seasoning. We continued with the spicy tuna roll which all I can say is fresh, yummy, and spicy. We had a California roll and our new favorite - shrimp tempura roll. The sauce on that is decadent! The order of terriyaki chicken was great too. It is dark meat served with a light sauce. The portion was very generous.  My daughter gobbled it up. We finished the meal with pike fish. We originally wanted the snapper however they were out of it. The fish was served crispy, hot, and fresh.  A light sauce was at the bottom of the bowl.  The entire experience was great and we will be going back again!  Our bill for everything was aroun$43 + tip.  Pretty great I would say!
5	Had an excellent meal here this past Friday night. We sat on the patio as the temperature had dropped and clouds came rolling in. Took a few to get seated but well worth the wait. I had the seared toro nigiri which was full of flavor highly recommended. I tried the salmon wraps which werent what i expected but still tasted good. My friend ordered the Northern Pike which was slightly fishy but had a great texture to it and tasted great. I also had the oysters on ice which came out ice cold and very fresh and tasty. Everything is a la carte here and can get a little pricey after all the sake an sapporo ; )I highly recommend to anyone that wants really fresh sushi. Be prepared to wait as the food can take awhile for preperation but it is well worth it. They do a good job of brining the food out slowly so you never have a ton of stuff on your table at once.
3	I personally have no clue why the amazing reviews. For one they have 4 menus, its bizarre and unnessasarry. Then they like got one of the menus in off white with like highlighter print and you cant even see the writing. Dinner service is slow as it gets. It took me an hour and a half to get 2 rolls and the last time 2 hrs for like 3. The fish itself is fresh, I had things there that were good and stuff that was not at all good. Whoever cuts the fish has no experience clearly. The slices are thick and cut in odd places. The scallop carrpaccio was realy good and the yellow tail carpaccio was kinda gross and in huge thick chunks. If you can combine all four of your menus hire a few more servers or kitchen help, andtrain the dude who cuts blocks of fish this place has a solid foundation for success its just a few things that keep me un interested. If I was invited here by a friend I might come back but I would not reccomend or elect to come back with out influence. I dont talk like that??
4	fantastic for purists, NIRVANA for culinary adventurists. MUST HAVE RESERVATION.(note: first-visit-only impression)--tuna sashimi, best in class. absolutely top.--salmon sashimi, just doesn't get much better unless it's still wiggling.--yellowtail sashimi, wonderful variety of texture, even in a single bite.--don't even think of going without a reservation; you'll be on the patio (parking lot)  otherwise.--didn't bring my platinum card this time; could easily rack up $600 next time (but if you're an adventurist, it's the best thing going without a trip through Sky Harbor)--service this visit was horrifying, could be a fluke.Since I had no reservation and was on the patio after a bit of a fuss, and with the tiki torches blowing their smoky fumes and ash in our general direction, I was not prepared to make the investment that this place demands. It could also have been when the giant pink Mary Kay Cadillac pulled up; not even the Caddy keys could get them a table.Not going after service misses 'cause the runner really tried hard to make up for the mistakes. I'll hope for five stars next time when I take my Amex Platinum.
5	Mmmmmmm......sushi.I wish the economy would turn back around for the specific reason that I would be able to increase my visits to Yasu.  The blackened cod is friggin unbelievable.I pretty much order sashimi here, always fresh, delicious.  I rate a sushi restaurant based on the sashimi, and yasu is top notch.  Definitely order 'chef's choice' for a delicious surprise treat.One thing about Phoenix is that you can find a little gem like this tucked away in a strip mall between Circle K and the Army Recruitment office.  Totally weird if you're from a big city.  But totally awesome when you find one.
4	first I should mention the worst part, they don't open until 5pm. Probably not an issue for most people, but I like to eat early... This was my second time there and this time I was on a date. I love the decor, everything was well thought out and original. Even the restrooms are pleasantly decorated. The sushi was fresh and delicious. We ordered seared scallops for an appetizer and they were perfect. The rolls were also delicious, unfortunately I don't recall which ones we had. I suspect anything you order will be well prepared and served with a smile.
4	I decided to go after reading all of the reviews and because I live really close and decided to check it out. I was disappointed with the service, it took us about fifteen minutes + to get a drink. It was probably because there was only one waiter working and the place was very busy. I was surprised how busy it was for a Wednesday, but not too surprised after I was actually able to order and eat the food. We ordered the sun roll, phoenix roll and caterpillar roll. The rolls were small, but good. Out of the three rolls we ordered, the sun roll was my favorite. The food is great, but the service is slow.
2	Yasu is usually one of the best sushi restaurants I have ever had the pleasure of being in. It consistently wows, with inventive dishes and a definitive style that always have me wishing I was walking back in when I'm finally heading out. Yasu himself is charming and helpful and they have one wonderful, awesome waiter- an American with a suspiciously Japanese name who goes out of his way to help. We did not get him. On a Sunday at 7pm myself and 5 friends met for our reservation. We are all repeat customers. HEAVY repeat customers. We ordered drinks and about the time they finally showed up, a cool 25 minutes later, we were informed they were all out of tuna. Wrr? We all sighed and said... ok and ticked off an awful lot of other sushi options which we then turned in.  A few minutes later, our waitress (emphasis on the 'wait') returned and said that the wait was 35 minutes for sushi and would we care to order from the kitchen? We reluctantly said ok and placed a few orders. So imagine our surprise when moments later our sushi began to arrive. Well. Sort of. Our waitress appeared with 3 uni shots instead of 6. All 6 of us eyed them, wondering who we'd have to take out to get one, and I calmly ask the waitress to retrieve our other uni shots "expedited, perhaps"?  Instead our waitress walked around the restaurant puzzedly WITH the uni shots like a nomad until she returned 5 minutes later to say there was no more uni.  A nice bunch, we all surrendered our shots until the three smartest amongst us grabbed them and then crowed about their taste.  The waitress offered us 3 oyster shots instead. They sucked. So it was odd when oysters showed up WITH uni on them (though we should say we did order them with uni) a bit later. 5 of them. For the six of us. It is now an hour into our meal. We have already begun texting sweet republic, begging them to stay open. Or atleast bring us ice cream, because were hungry, damnit. A process is established. Every 30 minutes or so a single dish of sushi or something arrives. We each eat one piece, compliment it, and then spend 30 minutes digesting. Halfway through a waiter or waitress will appear to let us know something we ordered is out. But they have "everything else".  We have stopped being quiet and are now openly hysterical. And hungry.  At some point management approaches and we instruct him to turn around and go away until he has good news. They are out of our sake, but are happy to suggest another that is 3x the price. One of the diners suggests they comp it. He laughs. After three hours, all still a wee bit hungry, but 80$ poorer and without a glimmer of hope for sweet republic, we depart. We've been comped nothing. Not an "I'm sorry". Not a "hey, have some edamame on us". Not a "we've knocked 10% off the bill".  We are a bit hysterical over the comical situation, but also not a little pissed. A 400$ bill for a bunch of regulars with a reservation?  Sigh.
1	I decided to return with some friends and the food is still good, but the service stills sucks. I am so disappointed with the quality of service that we received. The hostess was rude, the waitress was equally just the same. If it weren't for the good food I would stay away from this place.
5	I am an avid sushi diner and used to work at a sushi place as well. Soooo I always like to check out different sushi spots and see how they compare.  I was so pleased. The selection of fish and seafood was by far one of the best specializing in more rare plates (usually more common to real sushi bars).  I had thier oysters,(amazing), giant clam which is not as scary as it sounds, monkfish live pate (very good not for the faint at heart), plus many other delicacies.  They were all good each in their own way.  We tried okamase (I hope I spelled that right) and the owner came over and introduced himself to us.  He told us that his resturaunt was all about bringing some of his favorite dishes to az that he enjoyed while growing up in Japan.  I have to say it was expensive but well worth the whole experience and I will be back!!!!
5	Best Japanese restaurant in the valley! And I mean Japanese food... not just sushi... not that their sushi is bad, quite the opposite, BUT I just think that Yasu shines more in their other fare.Although not of late, I'm an avid customer... at one point, my sushi buddy and I were quite chummy with a busser, Leo the bartender and Assa, a waiter there. Love how the staff yells out Welcomes (Irashaimase!) and Thank Yous (Arigatou!) as you enter and exit... just as if you were dining in Japan!As it is a small place, it can get full and a wait may be involved, but trust me, it's worth it. I however, usually arrive for a late dinner--past 8, so most of the time I don't have any problems getting seated. I think it's best to come here with lots of time on your hands, good company that will keep your eye off your watch and how long things may take to prepare... it'll help your experience greatly. And, during peak dining hours, make reservations!Now for the food. My favorite dishes are the Shrimp Noodle Skewers (Who knew you could wrap shrimp with noodles--and the chanterelle cilantro dipping sauce... soooo goood!), Fried Calamari (So prettily presented--I love the Cod Roe and thin strips of seaweed that tops the small tower of squid goodness), Agedashi Tofu (Love the mini shimeji's), and the Sumibiyaki! Bacon wrapped Asparagus is my fave! Oh yes, Bistro wings are also tasty (But makes me yearn for a side of white rice)!For sushi, my sushi buddy and I are quite frugal and simple, sticking to they lighter rolls: Eel & Cucumber, Spicy Tuna (Best ever--and this coming from a hardly ever raw sushi eater), and the Kanpyo Roll (Gourd Strip Roll), out of the specialty rolls, I think my favorite is the Red Roll... I love the IDEA of the Yasu Roll, but hate the fact that the sushi falls out from the slippery cucumber wrapping... there's got to be a better way to execute the outer wrapping... maybe go thinner? Also of note is the size of the rolls are smaller... which, IMHO is better, your supposed to be able to pop an entire sushi in your mouth. I think they are rightly proportioned with that rule in mind.Dessert is one of two choices IMHO: Chocolate Souffle with Yamamomo on the side (If you're sharing, ask for 2 Yamamomo's!--They may charge you, but I think it's worth it not to share the tart little fruit) OR the Tempura Ichigo (Strawberry) Mochi Ice Cream--DIVINE!P.S. At first I was against this place... saddened that a more expensive restaurant had replaced my inexpensive sushi choice (R.I.P. Cafe Kobe) that also sold Boba drinks and crepes--even wrapped it burrito style and sliced it up depending on how many you were sharing with... but after eating at Yasu, my frown turned upside down into a BIG GRIN. Yes, Yasu's menu is a few more bucks to shell out, but oh so worth it!
4	Sit at the sushi bar...you'll have a blast and have some good, creative samples if they're not too busy.  Overall the best quality sushi I've had in Phx.
1	OFFENSIVE. Tonight I had the most offensive and unprofessional experience at Yasu; I will never ever go back and I would only recommend it to someone I hate.A group of four of us arrived at Yasu for our 6:30PM reservation and were seated promptly. We chatted for a while as water and other beverages were brought out and we went ahead and ordered the chef's choice menu so we could see the best of the best that Yasu had to offer. I've had great experiences with chef's choice at Yen, Pure, and a number of places in Boston so I expected the same from Yasu.We entertain ourselves for a while until the first course arrives. 8 kumamoto oysters with uni and roe. Great play of textures and flavors. Kudos. Plates are removed and now we are getting excited, sashimi must be coming next and we are ready for it! The special fish selections of the day looked fantastic.About 20 minutes goes by and we get our second course, red snapper carpaccio. it is seared and served at room temperature. One of my pieces had i don't know, tendon or something that made it unyielding to my chopsticks, and frankly, the temp of this dish was iffy. Flavors decent, but this is not the mass quantity of sashimi or nigiri I was anticipating.The restaurant starts filling up. I see a massive plate of rolls come out of the kitchen and I nearly squeal with glee...until I watch it come to rest at another table.  This starts happening at a regular pace, and then I realize it's been a full 30 minutes since we've had anything at our table. A server comes by so I ask when the next dish will arrive. She mumbles something about the chef's choice taking a little longer than other orders and walks away.Another cooked plate. A gross mushroom custard, a single shrimp on a skewer, an 1/8th of a cup of japanese eggplant in red miso sauce, a shard of spanish mackerel with some sort of puree, and two bits of jumbo clam. Everything tastes fine, but we are OVER the cooked plate situation.Yet ANOTHER 30 minutes goes by. No server, nor manager comes to apologize for the delay. We watch literally dozens of delicious looking rolls, nigiri and sashimi fly out of the kitchen to other tables. We also watch 4 other couples come in after us, eat loads of food, and leave before us. We are still hungry.Next course...Clams in miso broth. We are not offered spoons for the broth. We look at each other, thinking, "we ARE at a sushi restaurant, are we not?" but go ahead and eat the clams.  When the server comes by and asks how it is we tell her that we hope the next course will begin the actual SUSHI part of this dinner. She says yes, we are having live scallops.About 25 more minutes pass and I'm starting to vibrate with righteous indignation. We are clearly paying a fucking fortune for this meal and we are receiving terrible treatment. The "live scallops" are boiling in miso broth over a mini-charcoal grill. They are so over-cooked they are RUBBERY. We hurry to get them off the coals and into our mouths before they are completely ruined.Finally we tell the server that we are going to have to INSIST on getting some raw fish on the table. She says that's what's coming next. "Next" meaning ANOTHER 30 minutes later. We wait so long that finally we tell the server we are NOT going to continue with this absurdity and that we want the check. "oh your next course is ready!" "we don't want it. We want to leave" These are the exact words out of our mouths. Instead of bringing the check she brings the plates, telling us that Chef Yasu "wants us to have them." We all resist and the plates are set down anyway and finally our hunger makes us cave and we eat. We have now been at Yasu for TWO AND A HALF HOURS. We've had five courses that were not enough for two people, much less four.Another 15 minutes pass before the check arrives. In that time, the manager has come out, not to rectify the situation, or apologize, but to call us ignorant and classless. He literally looks at us and accuses, "Have you ever had omakase before? It is always slower." We look at him and tell him in all of our sushi eating years we have never had an experience akin to this. We also point out that we were expecting SUSHI, as in RAW FISH. He tells us we told the server we would eat 'anything'. I asked him if the name of his restaurant was Yen SUSHI Bistro and he looks at me, puzzled. Then I see that we have been charged $20 for the last course that we TWICE tried to send back. I speak to the manager who tells me "if Yasu wants to charge you for it, he will charge you for it." I kid you not. All in all each course was mercilessly over-worked, only average and Yasu is on a major ego trip. Don't waste your time and money here.
5	This is by far not only the best Japanese restaurant In Phoenix, but one of the best restaurants in Phoenix period!!! Every person that walks in the door is greeted by usually several people, by a Japanese hello, and welcome!!, and you do feel welcome as soon as you walk in.  Everything is very authentic.  They ship eveything in from Japan, even their charcoal, and their wood!!! My husband and I go here all the time, we love to sit at the bar and talk to Ryan, the bartender/ one of the owners, he's alot of fun, and increadably knowagable about the food.  Everytime we go there we have always run into people that are regulars that go there all time, and love it as much as we do.... We never feel rushed, or unconfortable, we always feel good to be there, that they are happy to have us!!! The owner Yasu is always in the kitchen putting his mark in everything that go's out of that kitchen, making sure that it absolulty wonderfull, and everything always is, we have never had a bad, or even average meal here, it has always been excellent!!!
1	There are few places that I make a decision to NEVER step foot into again. Yasu has earned this dubious distinction from me. First, let me give you my background with sushi since this came into question from the manager himself. I have been eating sushi for about 11 years. Some really bad sushi, some amazing sushi. I have mentioned in previous reviews that I have had sushi fresh off a boat in Hawaii. While I don't claim to have had ALL the sushi in the world, I know what good sushi and what good sushi service is. Second, let me tell you that I have had omakase (chef's menu) in several locales, so I know what it entails. I was with a group of friends on my highly anticipated visit to Yasu Sushi Bistro. We had made a reservation and were seated immediately. We quickly decided to indulge in the omakase menu. We wanted the best that Yasu Sushi Bistro had to offer! I always say "Hit me with your best shot!" Well... if you have nothing to do, and aren't hungry...you should do the omakase menu. It took Thirty Minutes between courses. And please don't think we were given platters full of food. This is more like 2 small oysters per person, A plate of 1 shrimp, a couple slices of King Claim, a dollop of Spanish mackerel tartar on a bone chip.... So think tiny gourmet food. So think how hungry and irritated I was Two HOURS later. In a 3.5 hour visit, we had consumed Four tiny dishes. I really tried to be patient, but this is absurd and unacceptable! I finally asked for the check as we wanted to leave and go eat elsewhere. I expressed my displeasure at the slowness of the meal. Now before you Yasu lovers roll your eyes and shake your fingers at me. Let me put it in perspective. At ANY restaurant, it is unacceptable to be the first table to arrive, watch subsequent tables seated, and fed, and watch them leave and you're still waiting to be fed... you would be ticked off too. Now add to that a condescending manager who comes over to talk to you and asks if you have ever had an omakase experience before and tries to piss in your pocket and tell you that it's raining. Unacceptable. Now, add to that the restaurant sending out another dish after you had already asked for the check and then CHARGING you for that dish even though you said you didn't want the dish. I have nothing against the food, though it wasn't very imaginative on the SUSHI level. What killed the entire visit was the slowness of the courses, the response of the management, and the lack of ethical treatment in regards to the check. I will never visit Yasu Sushi again and I bet my stress level will be all the better for it.
5	Best sushi/sashimi I've had since I've moved here. Not only that but the service was excellent! Plates came out right on time...we finish one, another comes out.
3	Being in the food service business I am usually very compassionate when it comes to service, food and management.  My wife and I literally spent a good part of our income from the time they opened til we stopped going there.  A span of maybe 2 years...lunch and dinner.  I gave the 3 stars for outstanding food and presentation, some of the best Japanese raw and cooked cuisine I have eaten to date.  Yasu's Chef's menu selections have always been excellent and adventurous...the foie gras and eggplant, toro with silken tofu, bronzed squid, the clam dishes, kumomoto's, foie gras sushi, etc....I take off the 2 stars for really bad service and management when it is obvious the Chef/Owner is not in...one night the courses we ordered took 30 min. in between, I complained and got no response.  Spent an additional $40 on booz just to while away the time...maybe it was an off night?The last time and final was my wife and I arriving at 8:45pm, we could see 5 people seated at the bar eating, and few people in the dining room, and asked if we could get a quick bite.  The bartender/manager told us "no, we are closed", I protested the fact that the sign says, open til 9:30, he responded, "no, we are closed, come back some other time" No apologies, just curt get the heck out.  What bothered me the most was seeing hot food being served to the his obvious friends seated at the bar.  There was a Sun's game at the time also. I will not return, I'll spend my hard earned cash on someone else's restaurant. Now the many times my wife and I enjoyed Yasu's was because the Chef/Owner namesake was in the kitchen making the food and night enjoyable.  When he is not there it's a toss up.
4	After about 5 visits to Yasu, I have decided to give them four stars.  The food there very good.  They have a wide variety of items ranging from tempura, to robata to sushi and other grilled fish and pork belly, which is commonly cooked in Asian homes, but hard to find in restaurants.  The food is always prepared very well.  I've had  a variety of grilled fish.  Most recently we had a grilled black snapper.  It was done to perfection.  The tempura is very good - the batter is perfect in consistency, not too thick, not too thin.  The sushi is also very good - a bit plain, but fresh.  They do have the yasu salmon sushi which is a seared salmon with a ponzu sauce on top.  It is one Yasu's more creative sushi's but in the overall scheme of creative sushi, its nothing to write home about.  I also like the beer selection here.  They serve Orion and Ichigo.  Ichigo is a rice beer that is very hard to find.  Sake selection is just OK.Yasu's weakest point is the waitstaff and the service.  I have to agree with many yelpers that the service is mediocre at best.  For this reason,  I deducted a full star.  The waitstaff are not very well trained for the caliber of restaurant that Yasu is trying to be.  If you are the type of person that wants service pronto, this is not the place to visit.  However, if you want a relaxing evening and have time for a long dinner, I would recommend Yasu.
5	I ate there on Friday and I'm still smiling on this Tuesday evening. Why? Because it was the best and most enjoyable dining experience I've had in a long time. My boyfriend and I opted for an early Valentine's dinner and decided to go to Yasu since we had such a great time there back in November. We both are a bit adventurous, so we decided to skip sushi and head straight for the Japanese specialties. we started with a delicious plate of Kumamoto oysters. They were served raw, on the half shell with a nice, light ponzu-type sauce that complemented the sweet, ocean flavors of the oyster. Other highlights were definitely the char-grilled whole black snapper as well as the aji, spanish mackerel. The black snapper came out first (food is served as it becomes ready). It was perfectly cooked and picked up wonderful flavors from the grill. The skin was crispy and added a nice layer to the seafood. I tapped into my inner Anthony Bourdain and sampled both the cheeks and eyes of the fish, which was served head-on. Cheeks were so good: very tender and sweet. I'll probably skip the eyes next time as they did nothing for me. Next was the Aji, which was served sashimi style with the head, tail and spine on the place. The server instructed us, in very broken English, that when we were done with the meat, they would deep fry the rest (head, tail, bones) and we could eat that, too. I wasn't sure I heard her correctly, but low and behold, when we finished with the amazing sashimi, she collected the remains and about 5 minutes later, returned with a plate of fried fish carcass. Our eyes lit up and we dove in, pulling off pieces of fried bone, tail. And it was delicious. It tasted like fried chicken skins. Yasu is a small, little Japanese restaurant, where you are often seated in close quarters, so it's nice when you have neighbors who share your spirit of adventure. Luckily we did. Our neighbors opted for fish cheeks and a different preparation of Aji. They said they were amazing. As for the service. Last time we ate there it was very slow, but it was fun to sit there for a couple hours and really enjoy the food and ambiance. This visit, our server was new and there were a few hiccups, but all were properly resolved and did not have any bearing on our overall experience. The owner was at Yasu and made a point of stopping by our table and talked to us for a while about food, the Olympics, life. Although we didn't order the foie gras and eggplant this time, we had it last and it was so good. Seriously just melts in your mouth. The sushi also was amazing.
4	Yasu, Yasu, Yasu..where do I begin? This has to be my favorite place to get sushi. I want to give you five stars, but don't don't feel as though your service deserves it! The food, and the sushi chefs deserve 10 stars in my opinion, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. I was in for the millionth time last night for my mom's birthday. They were busy...but we only saw our server a few times. When she took our last plate and asked if we'd like anything else, I replied "No." Apparently, I should have said, "just the check," as we didn't see her for another ten minutes or so. I do have to say in their defense, they have changed the server's uniforms, so they do look more upscale..which is something they were getting complaints about...so I know they are listening! Now on to the positive..the shiso eel skewers may be the best thing I have ever eaten, I have turned many people onto them, including people I am not directly dining with! Just make sure you order them first, as they do take awhile to prepare. And the Red Roll (shrimp tempura with spicy tuna) is awesome. I will continue to go back, but I am finding it harder and harder to bring new people there. I always warn them that if they are in a hurry, skip this place! If you're relaxing with friends or family, and not clock watching, and want some great sushi..this is the place for you!
4	This has to be my favorite sushi joint in the Valley.  As a real-life Japanese American, I am extremely finicky when it comes to good sushi -- something I'm finding is rare in Phoenix.  I am a sushi purist.  You will never find me ordering anything with cream cheese in it or California rolls.  When I first entered, I had my doubts as the decor seemed to be another trendy wannabe sushi joint.  A first look at the menu revealed a nice mix of pure sushi and fusion rolls.  I usually order the amaebi (sweet shrimp) and uni (sea urchin) as a good indicator of freshness.  Yasu did not disappoint.  The uni was creamy and vibrant while the amaebi was traditionally served with shrimp heads.  My wife ordered the Phoenix Roll.  As a traditionalist, I'm typically against ordering this type of sushi, but heck it was my anniversary.  I couldn't deny that the ingredients were fresh and delicious and ultimately it does come down to the food.For the entree, I usually eat the chicken teriyaki.  The slightly charred outside and the aromatics from the charcoal were excellent and even a tad better than my grandma used to make (sorry, grandma).  My wife had the grilled black snapper.  Took long but definitely worth the wait.  I don't know who the grillmaster is, but it was masterfully done from how the fish was cooked to the salt they used to garnish.Unlike other yelpers, I have not yet experienced a problem with service.  My server was knowledgeable and helpful and kept our glasses filled.  It could be tough to get a seat if you don't call ahead.  There's something for everything here at Yasu (except maybe for Vegetarians).  I'd urge you to try something different and expand your concept of Japanese food.  At Yasu, it's easy to be adventurous because the food is FRESH.  Save the California rolls for Ra or Kabuki.
3	I tried calling them for about 8 hours straight on a Wednesday to make a reservation and nobody picked up the telephone. They don't even seem to have an answering machine so you don't even know if you're calling the right place.  I didn't even know if it existed until I got through after 5 pm, presumably because they had opened.  Sorry, this rating is as much about the disgruntled preview as the review.As for the review (while we're all here after all), the food is good.  I would go back.  The service was great and the menu had a good balance of wines, beer and sake and a nice variety of sushi.  The food is a strong "solid", not the kind of Nobu quality you would get with fresh food flown straight in from Japan and melt in your mouth Black Miso Cod (is there anything better on earth?) This deserves a 3.5 but I'm rounding down because of the phone service, which seems inexcusable in the 21st century with all the tech solutions out there to allow customers to make a reservation online (Open Table) or forward calls to a booking service (or at least, a friendly "sorry, we're not open, please call back at such-and-such time."  I an not an uptight person but this seems like an easy business decision to make!!!
2	Sat at the sushi bar; it was like sitting at a table alone, you can't see the fish to determine freshness, etc., what I usually do at a sushi bar.  This is a very pricey place for what you get, the nigiri are smaller pieces than any place I've ever visited, and they are on the average $1 more.There are quite a few other places in PHX that don't let you walk away hungry, serve excellent, fresh sushi and have a personable staff.  Yasu falls short on value and personable staff.If you are interested in a trendy place with great atmosphere, and are unconcerned with cost, this is the place.
4	The quality of the sushi here is fantastic.  The last time I came here I had one with foie gras and it was just delicious, making it unique and distinct from the usual.For desert, I had green tea cheese cake! The bomb!The sushi staff greets you immediately upon entry and exit!  It's a cozy, charming little place.  I would say it's good for dates, what not.  It's in a great location near Paradise Valley Mall.Would come back!
3	While the sushi here may be top rate and fabulous...the service is, at times, horrible. I have two small children, usually we travel to restaurants with a small dvd player (aka babysitter) and it keeps my children very content. I am well aware that this restaurant is not children friendly, so I am content to be hidden away on the patio like a disease. Everyone leaves happy, I can eat sushi and the restaurant can keep their patrons oblivious to the fact that there are, duh duh duh, children in the vacinity. One such day, I was waiting on my sushi order. I am accustomed to waiting for sushi and do not mind doing so, but it was approaching one hour and, curious as to status, I inquired with the waitress. I reasonably said, "Do you know when the sushi will be ready?" She got an attitude and replied, "When it is ready." Um, okay. Sorry for bringing children and sorry for being alive.
4	Skip the sushi rolls, and give the specials and sumibiyaki a try...Don't get me wrong, the sushi menu offerings I've ordered here have been great, but where Yasu really shines are its crudo-style dishes and charcoal-grilled meat and fish (sumibiyaki).Favorites include tuna carpaccio drizzled with wasabi cream and topped with pistachios and sprouts, sliced himachi dressed in citrus olive oil and served with jalapenos and cherry tomatoes, and grilled Black Cod in a sweet and syrupy miso glaze. They also serve a scrumptious fois fras with Japanese eggplant that's so rich I like to order it as my dessert...MMMmmmmmm.In regard to the service, it can be really hit or miss. I've enjoyed fabulous recommendations and received top-notch attention on a few vists, and I've also experienced the complete opposite with bungled orders, bad timing, and absentee wait staff. Service issues aside, when I'm craving raw fish and want something a little different, Yasu is usually up to the challenge.
5	This place is fantastic! Everything I have had is simply delicious and I literally wake up some mornings craving their clams, black cod, Sun roll and salmon! The GF BF and I really can't get enough Yasu that just writing this makes me want to go there for dinner tonight!Don't forget to try the whole list I already mentioned plus the eggplant (either way it is prepared), live scallop if they have it, the jidori skewers, kumomoto oysters and the black snapper! Seriously amazing!
2	****Disclaimer****There is no food review here, our experience was bad enough that we didn't even eat here.  It seems pretty consistent with other reviews that this place is pretty bi-polar with their service.  It's a shame because their food seems to come highly rated.***End Disclaimer***So after wanting to come here for a while now some friends and I were finally able to get in.The first thing we noticed upon walking in was the strong bleach smell in the little are by the host/ess stand. We stood there for a couple minutes and the smell bothered me to the point of actually sneezing. We were finally seated after someone seemed to notice we were standing there. Upon being seated we were given your standard issue sushi order sheet and some menus. Here's where the proverbial crap hit the fan. Their menu is comprised of item names only, with no descriptions at all. This wouldn't normally be a problem if half the items weren't given Japanese names. We waited 10 minutes before we were served drinks by not our server and she walked away. 5 minutes later she came back and asked if we were ready and we said we were having trouble deciphering the menu and she said ok and walked off instead of seeing if we needed help with something. When she came back 5 minutes later I asked if they had something that described the menu items and she said yes and went and got a bowl of sand with little clips holding business cards that held sushi descriptions.  And then left again.  They were for the 5 most expensive sushi rolls they had. Finally she came back after a few minutes and we started to ask her about what stuff was. She answered some questions and then my vegetarian friend asked her about vegetarian choices other than the 3 things listed. She immediately recommended 2 items with bacon in the name to our friend's horror and then couldn't answer what sauces had fish in them as their menu had noted that some do.  She then left us yet again to make a choice.  We decided for our friend's own peace of mind, and my already annoyed attitude that we should probably just go eat at Eastwind where we knew they had awesome Sushi, Service, and Prices.Now some might argue that it's our own fault that we aren't super sushi veterans and should already know what we are ordering, but it's my philosophy that you don't have to be an expert on something to enjoy it.  Especially not food.  I hate to give this place this low of a rating without even trying the food, but to waste a half hour or so before even really getting to the point where we could have had food being prepared is ridiculous.  On top of the fact that the waitress didn't seem too keen to help us figure out what the heck we were even ordering.
2	I've been meaning to try this place for quite some time with friends, and we were finally able to make it out last night.  Disappointment is a good way to describe the mood of the evening.I should note that we didn't actually order anything other than water, so this review does not contain anything about the food.  The experience was so unsatisfactory that we decided to leave for another restaurant.  I'm not against trying Yasu again, but I would prefer to go on a different night when perhaps the service would be better.Upon entering, the strong and distinct smell of bleach attacked our noses.  That was off-putting enough; a restaurant should smell clean, but it should also not smell of cleaning solution, especially one rated as highly as Yasu.It took a few minutes for the server to notice and seat us, which wasn't bothersome even as slow as the restaurant seemed.  The restaurant itself is incredibly small, with only a few tables and bar seats available.  The kitchen is readily visible from just about any seat in the house, which I find kind of fascinating.The menu was the first of a few pitfalls.  It is simply a vague list of items, most of which are denoted by their Japanese names.  No descriptions.  I'm used to going to sushi restaurants and needing to ask for descriptions of their rolls,  but I've never been to a restaurant that did not at least attempt to describe their main menu items.  When we told our server that we were still attempting to "decipher" the menu when she came over to take our order (which seemed to take a really long time), she simply said "okay" and walked back to the kitchen.I wish she had offered to help us decide what to get, but perhaps she was giving us our space.  At any rate, when she returned (after a lengthy chat with the other server working that evening), we had some questions for her.Now, this is where the evening really started to go downhill.  Whereas both of my friends were able to obtain satisfactory answers as to what was in the menu items that piqued their interest (save the menu of sushi rolls, for which we were only provided descriptions for their five most expensive rolls), I was less than satisfied.  I kindly informed our server that I am a vegetarian, and asked if she could give an overview of what I could order.  She immediately looked to the grill portion of the menu, initially suggesting something with scallops but musing to herself that the bacon probably wouldn't work.  Thank goodness one of my friends piped in and informed her that being vegetarian meant that bacon was not an option, and this is where the server finally seemed to grasp what we were saying.  "As in, just vegetables?"  She sounded surprised that someone would choose to eat "just vegetables" on a daily basis.At no restaurant have I ever been asked that question before when clearly stating my dietary needs, whether it's a McDonalds or a Fox Concepts Restaurant.  I expected something better from Yasu, which positions itself as a high end sushi restaurant in decor, ambiance, price, and menu selection.  A server should be aware of various dietary needs (not all, but the most popular certainly) and be able to recommend dishes that suit them without missing a beat.  That she could not was off-putting to begin with, but it managed to get worse.She began hesitantly recommending dishes, but she was totally unsure as to what was actually in them.  A disclaimer on the menu disclosed that many sauces are made with fish oils, nuts, and soy, asking customers to disclose any allergies or dietary needs so the chef can accommodate them.  When pressed about the sauces for this very reason, the server was unable to tell me what was in any of them.  She thought the Japanese eggplant skewer had a flavored soy sauce with it, but had no idea what it was flavored with.I further disclosed to her that I was allergic to shellfish (I've found that sometimes servers are more serious when dealing with allergies versus dietary "choices" such as vegetarianism or veganism), but that didn't help.  We ended up leaving to go to a restaurant that has a good selection of food for everyone, and we were happier for it.To me, that level of service is unacceptable, and I haven't even detailed the time that we waited in between each server's visit to our table, but it was significant.  I feel that I should be able to go to a moderately high-end restaurant like this and feel confident that I won't order something that will make me sick.I'm sure the food is stellar.  I just also happen to have minimum standards for service.
1	Worst. Sushi. Experience. EVER.The food was bland. Okay, maybe they were going for something more 'traditional' which I get, and which I would *maybe* go back for. But the god awful service was a one way ticket out the door for me, never to return. When my fiance and I walked in on a weeknight we noticed that the place wasn't very busy. We approached the hostess, and said "Hi!" and in return got nothing. Not a nod, not a glance, nothing. Thinking she didn't hear us (but could undoubtedly see us, as we were standing right in front of her) we said, "Hi there, do you have a wait tonight" (knowing they would not.) She glanced up, said, "I'll be right back" and left. When she came back, she grabbed two menus and told us to follow her. Wow, not even a smile- NOTHING.  By the way, when she left, the other hostess approached the stand and didn't acknowledge us at all either. What, are we lepers or something? The server was slow, uninformed, and generally disinterested in being near our table (or near anyone else's.) She chatted busily and enthusiastically with other staff but couldn't be bothered to be asked for a water by me. Oh, sorry for 'bothering' you, but do you think I could get a refill? My glass had been empty the ENTIRE meal, even after asking her for more water. We are tippers, I would never "stiff" someone after having been a server and bartender myself. That being said, I understand the flip side and having a bad night at work. But nobody there seemed to care that they were actually there to try and make some money or to be "of service." This place sucked. I'll NEVER go back. If I wanted to be around some snobby waitstaff, I wouldn't go to a strip mall sushi venue located across the street from a mall. I would head to old town, and most certainly get better service and less attitude... which is saying quite a bit.
3	Good.  Intimate.  Expensive.
4	Judging from the reviews I read, the chef must have been in the house on the Thursday night we visited.I was a little worried when my sister insisted we visit this place while I was in Scottsdale, coming from LA. And with a few adults, a few college age guys and some teenagers in the mix, it sounded like a less than perfect choice.So, I was wrong- everyone enjoyed the quality of the food, and the great menu specials.My Scottsdale experiences over 30 plus years have seen the evolution of rapid fish delivery to the desert, but it always been hit-or-miss Sushi in all of Scottsdale's main Sushi hangs. This place hit high marks consistently while we were there.Not everything at Yasu was perfect...but it was pretty close. The meal we enjoyed was not the over-sauced stuff you'll find at Nobu, but carefully balanced and served just right.The Oysters were awesomely fresh, and flavored so delicately.The short rib skewers were wonderful, and the flavor popped, as were all our other mouth watering delights. The sashimi and sushi were wonderful, even the rolls were well balanced and intriguing. The only miss for the meal was the grilled whole squid. I enjoyed the smoky flavors, but this serving of an entire cleaned squid, grilled uniformly, is pretty hard to do and get just right- A little rubbery, and lacking in any dominant note other than the smoke, it was a little dull. This really would have lent itself to that Nobu style over-saucing!The service was reasonably attentive- we never lacked for food or drinks, and had an absolutely wonderful time.I would definitely do this again- on any busy night with reservations. Those comments about the experiences when the chef isn't there still scare me.
1	In my opinion, Hana on 7th Ave. has the best sushi in town, but I just moved to Scottsdale and thought I'd try this highly-rated place.  Got violently ill a few hours after eating here.  Besides that, the service was horrible, the fish was average, and the creativity of the sushi was poor.  Never again!
4	I've been to Yasu several times now. When I say I "love sushi", what I mean is I love the rolls that are deep fried and covered in mayonnaise.  The roll menu is quite limited, but all are good including the salmon skin, which was my first experience. We ordered a scallop dish, which, I had initially tried to explain to our server a baked scallop concoction I'd had a couple of years ago there that was delicious, and she said maybe it was a special that day (I'd had it on 2 different occasions) but it sounded like the scallops and uni so I decided to try it. Should have asked what Uni is (turns out it's urchin). Tastes like the way low tide in Key West smells. Otherwise a very good experience and I feel like Andrew Zimmern or Anthony Bourdain now... As another post I read said "Expensive as Hell" which I nearly agree with.
3	The food here is very good. Definitely not old school traditional Japanese that my dad was looking for. The quality of the food is consistent and tasty! It's worth checking out. Service wasn't too bad either. It's a little pricey but not overly so. The first 3 items my dad asked for they didn't have. No pickles, no breaded chicken and I can't remember the 3rd. There is plenty on the menu to chose from though. Don't let my dad's taste-buds shy you away. Definitely worth a trip. Great date night destination too. The atmosphere is a little upscale but still casual and quite relaxing.
5	This is one of the few traditional Japanese places in Phx.  It ranks as good as Roka Akor,but cheaper and more casual.  The decor is is nice and simple-- very traditional.  The food is very unique in that you are not getting your traditional bento box with salad, miso, and chicken teriyaki.   They have $5 tapas menu before 7 PM.  The lamb chop is amazing.  Expect to spend about $50+ per person.
4	Pricey, but worth every penny. I like going here when I'm not busy. I get fois gras almost all the time, and the oysters are good too... I forget what else I order, but it's always good! I have yet to try out their entire menu but I'm stuck ordering the same thing coz it tastes so good. Every time I've been here the service has been pretty awesome... Except this one time my waitress didn't refill my water for the longest time. I thought I was going to die from dehydration. :( But other than the ONE TIME they've been darlings. The one thing that I HATE *GASP!* is the enormous plates they use for the entrees I order. I mean. I got the kumamoto oysters and they're wee cute little oysters. Four of them, barely the size of my thumb all nestled on this plate of ice the size of TITANIC. Okay, not that big, but it took up 1/3 of my table! I was like. Are you serious? I don't even have room to eat. :(I still love this place though, complaints are minor, just a pain when I bring my boyfriend who doesn't eat anything I like to eat. It makes me feel ronery at the table.I hope they expand their restaurant size in the future, possibly install table grills to make Okonomiyaki?*Hopes&prays&wishes*
5	I have eaten Sushi and other Japanese dishes all over the world and in 5 star Michelin restaurants and this place tops any of them!  My girlfriend turned me on to this place where the staff are so welcoming and Chef Yasu himself is very outgoing, friendly and knows his food. We have eaten there a few times now, and we usually select a couple of items from the menu then ask Chef Yasu himself to pick for us what he thinks are the best dishes or what he'd like to eat that evening. I have to tell you he does not disappoint. I can't rave enough about the Red Snapper Sushi, the Yellowfin cheek of which we didn't leave a morsel (eat the fins! like potato chips) and the grilled pork rib smothered in Foie Gras unbelievably good! Best piece of meat of any beef, chicken or pork I've ever had bar none!This place should be on the list of top dining anywhere! Food, atmosphere, staff all unbelievably good! I can't wait to go back!
3	After a long hiatus the wife and I decided to stop in on a Thur. evening and have some sushi...but as history repeats itself... Yasu's special bistro offerings drew me in!Enjoyed some excellent albacore tetaki, ocean trout carpaccio, kumamoto's, jumbo clam, red snapper and squid from the grill....If your coming to Yasu's come for the incredible Japanese cuisine, traditional and non-traditional, be prepared for a 2 hour plus meal...it's not a place to dine in the evening if your in a hurry....Service is still clunky and unsure of itself, but at least they smile alot!
1	I know 2 ppl who won't go back, that's me and my bff that went with me. The sushi was good, but quite pricey. We were disappointed they did not have vegetable/shrimp tempura...we always get that when we go out for sushi but they didn't have it, at all. The service was AWFUL and unbelievably SLOW! The waitress we had was so RUDE and had no knowledge of what she was serving. We had a couple questions about some of the sushi but instead of answering the questions or finding out she made us wait for an "explanation display" which never really even answered our question. We were there for an ungodly amount of time but we survived the stay. Like I said the food was good, but not good enough to get us back into that place!
4	Lets not kid each other, there is a sushi place on every corner now. Few are good, most are not. This is one of the good ones! reminds me of the old "Yamakasa" sushi from years back, some of the best in town. Fresh ingredients done very well. I would say it is pricey but "cheap sushi ain't good and good sushi ain't cheap".
3	Meh. The service was fine, our waitress was friendly. The location of this place kinda sucks, and even though the fish did taste fresh, the selection of rolls is small, not very innovative, and everything I had was underwhelming based on their 4-star rating. If you want awesome sushi in the valley, best place to go is still Stingray.
5	If I could close my eyes and eat with chopsticks w/out stabbing myself, I could pretend this was dinner while on vacation... The waitress was gracious, immediately sharing recommendations when she learned it was our first visit.. and continued to help us thru as we ordered addtl dishes later.The dishes were visually presented such as in a high end restaurant and I don't think pricing is out of line at all for this style of food (Japanese IS expensive).  The garlic miso clams in risotto was so clever in presentation and extremely rich and savory (cilantro alert!).  We just enjoyed our meal from beginning to end.
5	What a great surprise!After eating at Nobuo the night before, we weren't really looking for more Japanese.  However, this was the closest restaurant to our hotel, so we went for it. What a surprising and great meal.  We ordered bunch of food and loved pretty much everything. Fois Gras sushi:  One of my favorite things ever.  Its simple, seared Fois Gras over rice served Nigiri style.  Love it. Clams:  Not sure what this dish was called, but it was clams in a broth.  The flavor was amazing!Yellowtail Collar/cheek:  PERFECT!!!  If you've never had cooked yellowtail collar, you need to.  It is the absolute greatest tasting fish I've ever had.  This was probably the best cooked collar I've tasted. Pork Belly:  Awesome.  Of course, pork belly is awesome at any good restaurant. Tuna Carpaccio:  A wonderful presentation of Tuna, sliced thin and served with seasonings and chopped veggies.  Marinated in oil, I believe.  Awesome. Sushi:  We got a couple rolls, they were great.  "Red" roll, which is spicy tuna and Shrimp Tempure.  The other was a soft shell crab. I'm forgetting some items, sadly, but it was AWESOME.  It's not cheap, but I loved the meal and would gladly go back.
5	Yasu has quickly become my favorite place in town. The food is 100% legit! The regular menu is really fun, but the menu of chef's features is the way to go. I cannot over emphasize the importance of eating here at least once. Get sushi or the tapa style dishes and you'll be hooked.Yasu came to our table and spoke with us for several minutes and even sent out a free dessert. Awesome awesome awesome!!! Exactly what a restaurant of any type should be....fun, delicious and memorable.
3	Yasu has great atmosphere. Yasu has good service. Yasu also has good sushi. I'm not sure that there was anything remarkable about this place, but it is a quality place to go for sushi. I think it's a little pricier than it should be.
5	I am a sushi snob.I live in Chicago, but used to live in NYC.  This sushi spot has NO BUSINESS being in Arizona. It could hold its own in NYC, and certainly would stand out among the best in Chicago.  Yasu is a very serious contender against any sushi spot you can think of. I would recommend this as a terrific spot for sushi snobs, no matter where they hail from.
5	Creative, tasty and unique. Not your standard sushi place, the specials and small grilled dished are outstanding. Great, personalized service, pricey but worth it
2	With a friend and I craving sushi, and being in the area of Yasu, we decided to give it a try on a weekday night. Having never been there before, I was drawn in by the atmosphere inside. We sat by the sushi bar, which wasn't very big and therefore felt kinda awkward, like a table facing the corner used for Kindergarten time outs. The service was a little disoraganized and I have to admit it wasn't the best rainbow roll I've ever had.Was hoping for another sushi joint to add to the list, but not sure this will be it.
4	Came across this place from the hotel's recommendation. The place is small, but clean. Located on the side of Target. They have really cute chopstick holders and soy sauce dispensers!The first night, we ordered everything the waitress recommended. I don't remember all of the names, but the items that stood out were the:green beans - really good sauce!beef tongue - if you've never tried it, yasu is a good place to start!tuna carpaccio - DELICIOUS!! Came back a second time for this one! Really fresh and really great flavors.Red snapper carpaccio - also good, but if you're going to try one, do the tuna carpaccio.Yasu roll - The only roll I remember. It was good. The other rolls were good, but none really stood out to me.My recommendation, try the carpaccio. You'll be hooked and never want to order anything else here!
5	Ignore the fact that it is in a strip mall.  (You live in Az, everything is in a strip mall).  Inside is a magical land of Japanese food unlike most in town.  It is not limited to sushi, there are robata style nibbles perfect for eating with copious amounts of sake or green tea.  The chef's features are the best bet.  When I come, I don't even order sushi unless someone insists.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed.  This is one of the first places to try the izakaya style (props to them for doing this even before Nobu tried with Teeter House).
4	This is a great hidden gem in a very unassuming location, surely worth a visit, even if it is in a pretty scary strip mall next to a circle k and target across from PV mall.  Kudos to them for transforming the former Yoshi's fast food into a very small, but quaint, little restaurant.  Dimly lit, cramped, but nicely done interior, with AMAZING FOOD!  We ordered a slew of items...Our FAVES:Chicken karange, a soy ginger infused chicken morsels deep fried and covered in a curried egg salad. The lamb!! For $5, you get a mouthwatering, juicy, melt-in-your mouth slice of lamb served with some crispy shaved vegetables. I forget what the server told us they were, but they were very good.  Lamb was perfectly cooked, and had an insanely rich flavor. All the sushi is fresh and delectable. We had ours with the fresh wasabi which just puts it over the top for me. Corn flake shrimp and bacon wrapped scallops were just okay.  There was a lot of great reviews on them both, so we ordered them and were not overtly impressed.  The shrimps were plump and juicy, but were definitely overpowered by the giant chunks of greasy cornflakes that violated the roof of your mouth when biting into them.  These also came with an egg salad on the side which made the dish heavier than i would have hoped for. I would have liked to see a lighter dipping sauce? Spicy mango? Something slightly sweet or tangy?  Scallops were cooked perfectly, but the surrounding bacon was not as crisp as I would assume it would be. So the whole texture was just soft scallop and chewy half cooked bacon...Not my thing I guess. We also ordered the teriyaki chicken, which by then, we were SO full, we barely touched it, even though it was delicious. It was an all dark meat chicken, not my fiance's favorite, but it was still good.  We took it home and ate it the next day.  I made a nice chicken fried rice out of it.  As a side note, I thought the portions were going to be micro after reading all the reviews.  Those people must be used to eating at buffets or maybe they frequent Claim Jumper? We ordered way too much food and taking an entire entree home, AND it was less than $100 AND we ate a ton of SASHIMI.  Of course we did only have tea and not alcohol.  They have a great $5 dollar menu that has a lot of little goodies on it as well.  It's really not expensive at all. I do agree that the service is a little lacking.  We were unfortunate and got stuck with a 'fresh' one that had someone following to make sure he didn't royally screw things up too much.  He was a scared little puppy and we tried not to be annoyed with him because he was nice after all.  It may as well been his first day.  We will be back for lamb! YUMMY!
2	A recent trip with my husband to Yasu  last Saturday night began with being ignored, followed by more ignoring, and ended with being ignored as we left. I was not even wearing my cloak of invisibility.We waited at the hostess stand for five minutes before being greeted (even though the hostess made several trips to the podium without any acknowledgement) and were then directed to the bar where we sat another five minutes without being greeted or offered a beverage. We did however, stare at the bartender while he ate something and ignored us.We went to Roka Akor.
5	Yasu sets your expectation and standards level for sushi all over the world. I travel far and wide and love eating sushi everywhere to see what new ideas and ratings I can find. I have told Yasu that I am trying to find a place better in the world and still have yet to do this.Yasu sushi is more than a 5 star. ** you must allow the sushi chefs to create a few items for you.Do not expect Ra Sushi prices.... it will be a little more but you do not want to eat at Ra sushi. That is a dare.You want to taste heaven? Eat at Yasu.
3	Great tasting food, really, it is.Problem, disorganized, rude, lack of management, long waits for no specific reason.Willing to give it a second shot because the food is really good, but would recommend to ensure you have nowhere to go to afterwards because you may miss that event or appointment and they won't care, will still charge you and give you now deal, boo!
5	I've been to a lot of places for sushi in the valley but this is the BEST.  Period.
5	This place is spectacular in every way. I previously gave them a 3 star review by mistake thinking it was a different restaurant. I apologize. They have some hard core good sushi over here fresh from japan. The chef is awesome and always works the line. He takes so much pride in his food and always wants to make sure you leave happy and have a stellar experience. Sit at the bar if you are adventurous and want the chef to send dishes out to you. This is by far the best sushi experience in Arizona hands down. I don't rate a place based on their staff or service but as a bonus their staff are friendly, very knowledgeable and so passionate about the menu and the items. The chef must do a great job making them taste everything. Give this place a try. You will thank my later
2	I thought the food was good, BUT.....  The place is too small and cramped.  I like to read the menu. I don't want to have to ask the waitress.  I wanna read what is in all the rolls before I decide.  All they have is the names of sushi rolls and nothing else.  I gotta be a sushi psychic/guru to make an educated choice.  And FINALLY, for the first time ever at a sushi restaurant,  I WALKED AWAY HUNGRY.  Too expensive for the small portions.  Waitress was nice.  Won't be going back.
5	We finally made it to Yasu and it is now at the top of our list for sushi restaurants. It's a little far from home, so it won't be a regular stop, but when we're planning to be in the Paradise Valley area, we will certainly make reservations to dine here. Who would have thought, in the dead of summer, at 5:30 pm they would have no inside table available? Okay, granted it is a small restaurant, but like a previous reviewer, I found the ambiance and decor inside lovely. They also have fantastic background music, at least on this night . . . a nice mix of jazz (Diana Krall) and standards. Because they had no available tables inside so we opted to sit outside on this sultry evening. There are no misters on the patio, but the little discomfort did not take anything away from the fabulous meal we ordered. They have a great tapas menu which gives diners and newbies like us a chance to taste a multitude of items at what I would consider very reasonable prices. (There has to be another word in Japanese instead of the Spanish tapas to use instead.) They also had "happy hour" drinks for $5, so we each had a Shochu cocktail - his with cranberry, mine a mix of cranberry and grapefruit. Refreshing! We started with the Red Snapper sushi - OMG, it melted in my mouth. It was so fresh. I could have ordered more and just made this my meal . . . the best red snapper I have tasted bar none . . . including Tokyo! A total hit was the Bistro Green Beans which were flash-fried (no breading) and had a melding of incredible flavors. The beans were so fresh and cooked to perfection with a little snap in each bite. I have had this dish, or similar ones, at other Asian restaurants, and what set Yasu's apart was that it was not oily or greasy. The shrimp noodle skewers were more a novelty than a great choice. Minced shrimp, skewered and then encircled with an abundance of noodles wrapped around them was the only disappointing item we had. Too much noodle to get to the shrimp. I deconstructed the noodle on my plate to get to a bite of shrimp. The Snake Shiitake was delicious! It was actually fun to eat as well. It has nothing to do with snake . . . the shiitake is cut up into long pieces which resemble snakes. Very creative naming . . . One of my other favorites is the shrimp stuffed Japanese eggplant. (I am an eggplant lover.) The slightly sweet miso sauce was yummy, and the eggplant tender. I was full at that point, but my dear hubby had to order one more item, the special roll of the day . . . spicy yellowtail. Beautiful! The yellowtail was so fresh, and the spice just gave it flavor but did not overpower the fish at all. Some sushi places forget that the real star of the roll is the fish and put the emphasis on the spice. Not Yasu! A comment on the service . . . our server Liz was top-notch. She answered all our menu questions and made excellent recommendations. She was friendly and attentive. When we go back, we will undoubtedly ask to be seated at her table. One more thing . . . there are lots of veggies on the menu so if you are a die-hard vegetarian like so many of my friends, you will be able to have a great meal here, too.
4	Best sushi in the area.  Small venue but very comfortable and feels high class.  Service can be slow when busy but the sushi is worth the wait.
4	After reading the stellar yelp reviews, my husband and I decided to stop by on our first night in Phoenix. We both enjoyed the meal, but our overall visit was a bit of a mixed bag. First the positives: the service is very attentive, friendly and helpful. Our waitress was very nice and helped us to sort through the menu. Secondly, we did have some really tasty dishes. The ocean trout carpaccio, albacore salad, and nigiri that we ordered were all delicious and had some unique flavors. Now for a few negatives. The prices were a bit high for us. I think this is because we're from California where there is sushi all over so prices are naturally lower. Either way, our bill was higher than we were expecting. Secondly, the rolls we ordered we not spectacular. Compared to the nigiri and other dishes we had they were even downright mediocre. Kind of strange considering the rest of the meal was delicious. Overall, however, I would recommend this restaurant. Good food and friendly service. Would be excellent for a date or dinner out with friends too.
5	Subtle taste and good service. Surprised by the wood spoon that came with the miso soup. I was promptly given a metal spoon upon request. Otherwise an excellent experience, and will definitely return to Yasu in the future.
3	First time here. The sushi was very good and the service prompt. But the prices are very high and you don't get a lot for what you paid for. Shogun and Sushi on Shea are just as good but way more reasonable. Since there are owner options nearby we wont be coming back here.
5	Have to give this place a 5 star if only for the patience of the waiter explaining pretty much all dishes to a newbie to Japanese cuisine. He was able to recommend great menu choices for a non-fish eater and the food I tried was high quality and very tasty. The place is small, so a calling ahead or coming early helps. A great experience.
4	We generally do take out because Yasu is very small and very busy, but if you are able to snag a table before it gets too crowded, check out their $5 happy hour menu.  I have only tried a few of the items, but they were great and you can't beat the price!  The nigiri sushi at Yasu is wonderful.  My absolute favorite is the albacore.  It is to-die-for!  The albacore slices are topped with dried (or fried?) garlic and onion then a light sauce is poured over the top.  You have to try it to understand.  The spicy tuna hand rolls are another winner.  Plenty of fishy goodness, and some rice, bursting out of the nori cone.   If you like Tobiko order the "premium" spicy tuna, but be sure to nix the romaine lettuce.  It overpowers and adulterates the tuna and Tobiko flavors I love so much. The specialty rolls are good, but there aren't many to choose from.  Also, the roll ingredients aren't listed on the sushi order sheet...or anywhere else for that matter.  It is a pain to have to flag down a server to ask what's in a Phoenix or Sun roll.  My major disappointment here is lack of a real sushi bar.  There is a bar, but you can't really see what the chefs are making nor can you call out your order to the chefs.  One of my favorite things about sushi restaurants is drinking and getting chummy with the chefs at the bar.  Not gonna happen here...All in all, a great place to grab some sushi.
5	Yasu continues to deliver all these years... my very favorite place for sushi and sumibiyaki.  What you should not pass up at Yasu:Red RollPremium Spicy Tuna Rollthe LambBacon wrapped ScallopsI am not big into lamb, but this lamb is amazing!  It is prepared over a charcoal fire called sumibiyaki.  You can also smell it burning in the parking lot and the smell alone is enough to drive you nuts.  I did not know what sumibiyaki was prior to visiting Yasu.  It is grilled food prepared over high end Japanese charcoal called binchotan. (Who knew?!)  There is a whole menu prepared this way and I think everyone needs to try it.  The Premium Spicy Tuna Roll is like no other I have ever had before.  I dream of the heat and texture that just melts in your mouth, making you wish there were more than 5 pieces.  The glory of sushi is you can always just order more and nobody thinks you are a piggy... it's expected. Yasu is a nice quaint restaurant perfect for a date or gathering with good friends, seating is intimate and the staff is attentive and friendly.  I think I need to make eating here a weekly event.
4	What a menu! My boyfriend loves sushi and I don't eat seafood, so going to these types of restaurants can be quite disappointing. However this place has the most extensive menu I've seen at a Japanese restaurant that is known as a sushi bar. The ambiance in the place is really romantic at night with dim lighting, nice music, and delicate plating. All the little details in the decor, like placing the chopsticks on a polished river rock was beautiful. Their menu offered everything from chicken and beef to lots of seafood. I ordered chicken teriyaki and it was delish. Their sauce tasted homemade and was lighter then most which I loved. It came plated nicely. I also had their tempura which was light and airy as it should be. The dipping sauce, also heavenly. My man seemed to enjoy his sushi and it looked nice as well. Overall it's pricey compared to other sushi places, however the ambiance of the restaurant and upscale choices on the menu make it worth it.
5	Delicious! We just came back from Japan a little while ago and wasn't sure if it'd meet expectations, but it sure did meet our tongue and stomach's expectations! :) We enjoyed sitting at the sushi bar and catching with the friendly sushi chefs!Whenever we come here, we always get the salmon wrapped seared rolls. (It's not your typical roll - there's veggies inside and then a piece of seared salmon on the outside topped with ponzu sauce.) I love it and have been looking forward to eating it for a while now.Other new +'s we tried:Yasu Uni shooter - MUST TRY if you like uni/sea urchin. It has a good amount of uni, quail egg, and raw oyster. Totally melted in our mouths as we love all 3 things! and the sauce it came with matched perfectly! Beware though, if you don't like those things, you may not like, but if you do, you'll be in heaven!Manila Clam Steamed (but in the special way - foil steamed) - it's light and tasty. After you're done, they use the leftover sauce and make a risotto for you. A plus since I loved the flavor of the sauce.Halibut Carpaccio - so good it melted in our mouths!We also tried the bay scallop tempura. I was in the mood for scallops, and the scallops were good. I'm not sure I love the scallops tempura-ed, but I didn't mind trying something new. For veggies we had the green beans, which I liked a lot. The green beans is a good staple. We also got to try the snake shitake mushrooms. The concept was different and creative, and the taste was still good. For dessert we had the special ice cream on top of roasted fuji apple, with nut in a wine sauce. That was really tasty! It hit the dessert spot!They also have a new tapas menu to try smaller portions (at a very reasonable price). Lots looked enticing, but we had to pick and choose since we don't have bottomless stomachs! I must say, we made good choices and had good recommendations this recent visit. For sure no disappointments!Service was attentive and friendly. We always love coming here when we can! It's hard to find good Japanese restaurants around the PHX area. This is definitely on of the tops. I just wish they were a little closer to where we were. We'd probably go there more often if we weren't so far!
4	Went here with my girlfriends because I read an excellent review somewhere on their Habachi Wagyu Beef, I had my first taste somewhere at World Trade Center (Hongkong) and I was more than eager to repeat the experience. Pricey, but definitely worth it! You can cook it with your own habachi charcoal grill and I can still taste the rich, top of the line Wagyu slices -- I salivated quite a bit there just thinking about it. Will definitely be back!
5	Green tea matcha in flavor. Good. Nice cup though it transfers a bit of heat. Too many menus!!! The wasabi peas at the bar are a nice touch though! The food looks really good from the bar so far :)Premium spicy tuna good. Lettuce was interesting. Not fully sure how i feel about it really, but the fish was very fresh. I think next time i would opt for the standard. They marinate at time of making so you can request a spicy level.The salmon yuzu style was good. Great quality fish, perhaps a bit too much lemon juice. Was not overly seared which is a good thing.The popcorn shrimp was good, not great. An interesting concept, and tasty but missing....something...maybe if it had been on a bed of wakame...yes that would have done it...maybe some grated lemon rind and grated serrano chili...?The bacon wrapped scallops were good. Huge scallop, tasty bacon, well cooked. Simple and elegant. For me, i prefer them with some teriyaki, but i am a foreign-devil.The kumamoto on a spoon. How can you go wrong! Well, they definitely didnt. That said, i changed up the second one...for the better for me at least. I pulled some of the daikon root off (about half) and a chopstick tip worth of the green and then added 2 drops of soy sauce and two chopstick tips of wasabi. Then it was amazing. The wasabi didnt take away from the oyster, but left an awesome after taste and the daikon no longer overpowered the wonders that are a kumamoto!The duck was good. A bit plain, but very simple and tasty.The hamachi with cilantro was derishous. Mayhaps my favorite thing i hadThe sashimi was very fresh. The albacore stood out the mostThe fuji apple desert was good. A great set of flavors. A great experience all in all.You wont be disappointed here.$$$ is about right. I ate for two at 120 bucks.
2	Seems like the service has gotten worse since our last visit.  It took forever to get our orders. Waiter forgot one of our orders and they didn't have one of the items on the menu.
5	I love sushi and since I moved to Phoenix from Flagstaff I have been looking for something to replace Karma. I think I have found it here. Yasu is the best sushi I have had in the valley. Yes they are a little pricey but what quality sushi place is cheap in this uninhabitable dessert. But if you want to get a little more bang for your buck than stick to the $5 Tapas menu. Service has been good every time I have been in (around 5 times now). I read earlier reviews complaining about the service but it looks like they have fixed that problem. I will keep searching for more sushi places in the valley but so far this ranks #1 for me.
4	The hubs and I have driven by this place a million times since we moved here to Phoenix over a year ago but never managed to fit it into our dining out schedule. When my sis and bro in law came to visit for New Year's weekend and they were craving sushi we decided to hit this spot up. We arrived around 8pm on Friday night and the place was still poppin' with people...we took that as a good sign. It's a small and cozy place but we were seated right away. The staff and chefs were friendly and welcoming so we were excited to sit down for dinner especially when our server told us all about their tapas specials. Awesome! Be warned, they do have a lot of menus so it gets a bit overwhelming but it's easy to just ask the server to explain things - she was super nice!We tried several of the tapas including the shitake mushrooms and green beans. Umm...amazing stuff. We then ordered 5-6 rolls for all of us and enjoyed our favorites like unagi, spicy tuna, salmon skin and shrimp tempura. Let me just say that even there was not one grain of rice left on our plates. We demolished everything we ordered! The best part was that this place has such a cozy feel and a nice ambience that we had a great time talking and hanging out even after we devoured all our food. We didn't even realize that the place had closed while we were sitting there! 20 minutes after closing time we realized what time it was and promptly got up...but the staff never rushed us or made us feel like we had to interrupt the nice night out we were having. We arrived excited for dinner and left happy knowing we have a new sushi spot just around the corner. Woo-hoo!
4	Real Japanese Restaurant here, Yasu Sushi Bistro is at the top of the lists.  Last time I was here it was small and seemed cramped in. Today I wasl Trying to get reservations but now one picks up.  Roomer has it Yasu is expanding his restaurant right now.  I can't wait to see it.  it will probably be "amazing"  Sushi is  just presented in a beautiful way.  That is one of the key elements to the real sushi restaurants.  Art is not just taught to anyone.here sushi is artwork, creative colorful and then taste so great. that is the experience that comes from Japan.  Then onto the food, just wow. traditional and again amazing. If you love corporate sushi, i don't recommend this place. kevin U.
4	Ok went kinda spur of the moment the place was packed a good sign as I had never eaten here before and it is literally walking distance from my home, anyway had their special green beans as an appetitizer while waiting on the sushi and OMG they were an amazing treat, I never knew green beans could be sooo delicious... I also got the miso soup and again to die for!!!  The sushi was definitely of the the better tasting qualitiy than most places in the area and I WILL be back!!!
3	We would probably give this place 3.5 stars, so 3 stars is rounding it down. The food was good (especially for sushi in Phoenix). The menu has a lot to offer, and what we had was pretty fresh. Our servers were also very friendly.Our main issues are: 1. The food was somewhat overpriced. They had a few items that were inexpensive ($5 items, and the California rolls are just $5). Some of the rolls were way too expensive though, and the tempura was also pretty pricey. 2. We were there in a group - some of our food came out extremely fast, and some came out very slowly. It made it a bit awkward when we finally had to eat because our food was going to get cold.All in all, we would return, but at those prices, we would probably wait until we are really craving sushi. It is definitely one of the better sushi places we have eaten at in Phoenix though.
3	Great food, but the service leaves much to be desired. I was meeting family, and when they arrived, they were told it would be a 10 minute wait for a table. No problem. I get to Yasu about 10 minutes later and my family is still waiting at the bar with no drinks and no one has checked in with them. The hostess walks by several times as we try to politely make eye contact with her. Finally she comes over and offers us water, which is great, but we really wanted a few beers... but water is ok, I guess? Then she tells us it will be "a little bit longer" for a table. I asked how long she estimated-- she said "a little bit" again, then "another 10-15 minutes." Or we could sit at the sushi bar. Fine, we'll sit at the bar. We sit down only to realize the sushi bar is, duh, in front of the sushi bar, but the window is blocked with fabric so you can't actually see anything. What's the point of a sushi bar seating then? Once we ordered service improved, but it was still a fairly long wait to get our rolls. One sushi chef was literally yelling at the waitress to bring a spoon to a specific table... Professional! It seemed like the place had a lot of potential but they needed a floor manager to be paying attention. The rolls were good, the salmon sashimi was awesome, and prices weren't outrageous. Hopefully the service improves and the place will be a gem.
4	I read reviews on yelp for sushi places in Phoenix area before picking one, so my husband & I could go there while we were there for a vacation.This one poped up as the nicest and best food reviews. So, we were quite surprised to see it was tucked in the middle of a strip center (between a Dollar Tree and Subway!). We almost had the taxi keep driving and go somewhere else.Luckily we didn't. It is a very small place, but very warm and cozy and romantic as well. We had exceptional service the entire night and great sushi dishes! We went off the recommendations of our waitress and loved everything. We went with the tapas style menu, with smaller portions, and had 5-6 different dishes. I don't remember the names of all of the dishes we tried, but most were raw sushi with light sauces, absolutely delicious! Then the last one was a hot seafood plate with shrimp, clams, squid, etc. THEN they take the sauce left, after we finished the plate, back into the kitchen to make a small dish of risotto with it and served it to us...Perfection!One negative comment. I love seaweed salad and they only serve the kind with mostly cucumbers. I was very dissappointed, as I do not like cucumbers, and getting the salad without the cucumbers was not an option. We would absolutely go back here, though, and eat again.
5	We were a family of 7, including 2 toddlers and my mother in law. Everyone loved Yasu, we will go back and we will tell our friends!We started with the tapas to get food on the table quickly.  The incredible green beans came out first and were just as fabulous as other reviewers have noted- perfectly cooked slightly al dente with incredible flavor. Everyone enjoyed the tapas so much that we kept on sharing plates with the rolls and the delicious shrimp stuffed eggplant, which was as good as it was beautiful!  The standouts were the green beans, scallop skewers and the Yasu roll. The only dish that didn't live up to the rest was the cornflake shrimp.  Almost forgot to mention the yummy grapefruit cocktail, i think it was a  cocktail- definitely worth trying! Our server JR was friendly, attentive, efficient and good with the kids. Like I said- we will be back.
5	So I have been doing a little surveying of the local sushi places and my suspicions were confirmed. This is, from my experience, the best sushi in the valley. A close second is Karma up in Flagstaff but for my money in Phoenix, Yasu is where it's at. Just to add some validation to my review, I have lived in San Francisco and the Northwest and Yasu is still my favorite. But don't take my word for it, check it out for yourself.
1	This restaurant came highly rated on Yelp so we figured that we would give it a try.  What a terrible experience!  It took more than 45 minutes for an order of four rolls: a rainbow roll, california roll, and two spicy tuna rolls.  To make matters worse, people who came in more than half an hour after us got their food and were done before we even got our rolls!  The rolls, once they did finally arrive, were less than one-inch in diameter (i.e., less than half the size of rolls at most similar restaurants) and consisted mostly of rice and vegetables.  The only thing we did enjoy was the shrimp ordered from the "japanese tapas" menu, which tasted outstanding.  However we will never go back here, based on the horrible service and indifferent attitude of the staff.
5	By far my favorite Japanese/Sushi restaurant in Phoenix!
5	Amazing sushi and that is all I have to say!  Found out about this place from Phx magazine and the sushi chef at AJ's fine foods supermarket @ Dana Park and it was as good or even better than they described it!  my favorite was the sea trout carpaccio (On my 1st visit). On my second visit to this place I took the advise of our server who told us we should sit at the bar next time and try the "chef's Choice", so I did and it was outstanding ! we did 7 courses and left there satisfied but not over stuffed and very pleased with every single course. In two words: quality and creativity. Will certainly be returning to this place soon.  PS. If you consider california rolls real sushi this is NOT a place for you - go somewhere else!
5	Great, place! The food is really good. This is one of those places where you do not get your regular rolls, make sure to go for chefs specials. They a great variety of sushi and sushimi.  Loving it
4	This place is just around the corner from us. In the boom and bust world of Phoenix restaurants this place has staying power. It was time to see.Small, but not crowded, nice ambiance. I had a number of dishes and the one that stands out weeks after our visit are the lamb chops, and the tuna and hamachi carpaccio. The lamb was cooked to perfection! I believe it better cooked than the Colorado Lamb at Andre'$$$ at the Monte Carlo in Vegas however it was seasoned differently. The black cod was great as well but the miso glaze slightly overpowered the cod but again, cooked perfectly.Your bill is commensurate to the quantity of menus.
4	Food was great. Service lacking. Sat at sushi bar. Sushi chefs attentive but rest of staff a little amateurish. I would go back but i was dissappointed in overall service
5	Five stars is truly deserved For Yasu. This is truly the best sushi in town and some of the best I ever had! I am a big seafood lover and there a lot of "chain sushi" places in Arizona that are decent and good for rolls, but if you want quality and authentic Japanese style fish and incredible Sashimi, you need to go to Yasu. There is really no way to describe it till you go, but once you do, you will become an instatnt fan! Best thing to do is sit at the sushi bar and ask Yasu to make whatever he wants! You won't be disappointed. The area and building are misleading... However, if you are the kind of person that thinks RA is the best thing since sliced bread and nothing can beat it, this is probably not for you. This is real sushi...Go try and enjoy!
4	Very yummy!! Some of the best sushi I've eaten in Arizona!!
1	We have read the reviews on yelp, and decided to check the place out. Problem number one is that the menu is too big. The short ribs were tough. The snake shitaki was good. The shrimp fondue was fatty. Needless to say, the place did not live up to its expectations. The kitchen service was wretched, though the waiters were very nice and tried to compensate for the slow kitchen. The main dishes were served 10 minutes apart for each person so by the time one person finished his entree they serve the next persons entree. You feel very uncomfortable eating while the other person is still waiting for their food. We will probably not be coming back.
5	Chef yasu has an authentic touch for Japanese cuisine that is rare to find in Arizona. It is definitely some of the best sushi I have had in this state. Overall, it was an amazing experience!
4	Went to Yasu with my wife on our eight year anniversary.  My wife wanted sushi.  This place was really nice.  The sushi was a bit different from what we have had before, but the food we ordered was very good.  I will consider going back.
4	Good happy hour and now open for LUNCH!! (11:30 - 2ish) I went for lunch today and you get quite a bit of food... loads of lunch specials to choose from!I went with the roll trio (had to pay $1/roll extra for soy paper, which is not unusual -- I HATE Norri, bleck!). It came with a small iceberg and tomato salad topped with fried onion and a delicious tangy, sesame dressing and a bowl of miso (due to my Norri aversion, this was wasted on me) In the end, my three fair-sized, cone-shaped rolls and a diet coke ran me around $15. Next time, I'll take a picture! ;)
5	The best Japanese restaurant in Arizona.  Fresh, varied, and the staff were cool.
5	Always fresh and perfectly prepared. This is the only place my husband will take Japanese visitors from out of town. Enough said.
5	This is the best sushi in town, hands down!!  They have amazing specialty rolls and all of the ingredients are so fresh! When your roll has shrimp tempura, it comes out warm because they have just done the tempura right then-to die for!  We have tried other things on the menu that are phenomenal too.  This is a great, local business!
5	OK, my foodie friends...what follows is a description of one of my top 3 Restaurant meals, from last night at Yasu Sushi Bistro on Cactus and Tatum. Hands down the best sushi place in AZ.  We have been going there for about 5 years, but this is the first time we left it all in the hands of our Chef, Yasu Hashino and ordered Omakase.We sat at the sushi bar, and Chef seemed delighted to create a special experience for us... he asked if anything was off limits, only Uni I said. Sea Urchin is not my bag...but everything else was on the table.  We placed an order from his small, but exquisite wine list and picked a 2010 Byron Pinot Noir Santa Maria Valley.  All of his seafood is less than 24 hours old, flown to Phoenix from the Tokyo fish market daily.  What follows is a description of foodie heaven....Yuzu Kanpachi - 6 perfect slices of baby yellowtail from Hawaii, finely slivered Japanese peppers and lemon, topped with ponzu.6 fresh, briny, on ice fresh Coromandel oysters from New ZealandOcean Trout Carpaccio - another delightful sashimi type dish of a fatty, fresh fish also from New Zealand  with a warm olive oil and slivered garlic chips and shaved daikon radishMushroom salad with Yuzu vinaigrette - think lots warm mushrooms, shitake, enoki and shimeji on top of thin slices of celery and spinach tossed in delicious warm vinaigrette then topped with a handful of 18 year old shaved parmesan.  Wow.  Next was a bowl of steaming clams in a garlic & cilantro miso broth.  After we devoured the clams - Chef asked for the broth back and then made a creamy risotto to serve us.While waiting for the risotto, he served a tray of sliced fresh Albacore, which had been very lightly seared and thickly sliced served with sharp radish sprouts and garlic chips.  Tender and delicious, the Albacore is only at its peak 2 months of the year and it was so succulent!Then the risotto to prepare for the bamboo wrapped beef tongue.  Yes, beef tongue.  I didn't declare it off limits so that was fair game.  (And to be truthful, since I have never had it before I should not have been biased against it.)  The tongue is braised for 5 hours in a broth with ginger and green onion among other things I am sure.  Then it is sliced and topped with shaved green onion then placed on a bed of red miso and wrapped in bamboo leaf. The placed an a special hibachi grill and served.  I couldn't take it anymore and finally got out the camera. It was melt in your mouth tender and delicious.  Think braised short ribs without all the fat.Now after the risotto, we let him know we were getting full so only one more dish after the beef tongue.  Kathy's favorite dessert - and we always get this in some form when we go to Yasu.  Wait for it...Foie Gras.  And he made me a very special presentation - he said the world's most expensive lolly pop! (photo included) It wasn't really, but he took a large slice of Hudson Valley Fois Gras, seared it lightly and put on a stick.  Served with what I call Yasu special sauce (I have no idea what is in it, and he won't say but it's like crack) and a Japanese peach.  The best part.... I got one and Don got one too so I didn't have to share!!!Needless to say, it required more wine than just one bottle...but it was incredible.  Thank you Yasu-San!
3	First time we tried Yasu we did the Chef's choice and it was amazing, best sushi in PH. Tonite we came for our anniversary and again the sushi was amazing, but. We did chefs choice and in 2 and a half hours had 3 Hashim dishes a piece of cod and two shrimp. We left and had to stop and eat somewhere else.  The chef apologized  , but no consideration was made to our $160 tab. Couple next to us who ordered off the sushi menu were in and out and very happy.
5	Recently, I have been to several major US cities, and in each one, I made it a point to find the best sushi I could, with varying degrees of success.  One of my friends asked me, "Why haven't you found the best sushi in Phoenix?"  Lack of urgency?  Needless to say, we began a quest to find the best sushi in Phoenix.  It will be an expensive quest.  And I think we started at the right place.We started with the miso soup with clams.  If you want to imagine what miso soup with clam tastes like, imagine taking miso soup, and just adding clams.  I can't really think of any other way to describe it.  It's really that simple.When the waitress took our order, we basically just went to town.  And everything was brought out, for the most part, one at a time.  This gave us time to enjoy each dish, and have a few minutes to think about it before the next item arrived.The first dish we had was the ankimo, or steamed monkfish liver.  This delicacy is something I had in Denver, San Diego, and San Francisco.  Here, it was served without ponzu jelly, but otherwise similar.  The others in my party, who hadn't had ankimo before, liked it.Next, we had hamachi carpaccio, which was a hit.  These perfectly garnished strips of yellowtail were one of the highlights of the night.After that, we had yellowtail tartare.  This got mixed reactions; I'm not sure what they used in the flavoring, but I did like the spicy note that slowly builds up after you eat it.We then had the amaebi sushi (shrimp), which was served in two stages: first, the main part of the body, peeled and raw; and finally, the head, deep-fried.  I had deep fried shrimp heads before, but it was a first for my two dining companions.  Really, the head is the most interesting part, and I would highly recommend anybody eating shrimp sushi to go ahead and ask for the fried head.Next was brought out a whole fried european sea bass.  This was one of the most passable items for me; I usually prefer my fish to be served raw.  It was a nice change from everything else, but I probably won't order that one again... Or maybe I'm just bitter because the fish only had two eyeballs, and I didn't get one of them.We then started on a rainbow roll, which the others ordered because they wanted to ensure we had something "safe."  I ate a few pieces, but I never really get excited about rainbow rolls, or really any rolls.Next they brought out the sushi: we had ocean trout, young yellowtail, and red snapper.  The waitress made sure to mention that they were served with garnishes and sauces, and were not meant to be dipped in additional sauce.  I liked that they were so serious about how the dishes are intended to be eaten; it really highlights the care they take in making the cuisine an actual art form, and not just something to stuff your face with.  My favorite of the three fish was the young yellowtail, but all were good (and fresh).Afterwards, we had one more sushi item: the foie gras sushi.  It's really difficult to describe the taste of foie gras; it is distinct, but not overwhelming.  It was delicious, and making sushi out of it is an interesting concept.For our last dish, we had the cook make us something of his choice.  He personally brought it to the table, and explained what it was.  He made us avocado tempura wrapped in see eel, with foie gras on top.  As if the meal wasn't already awesome enough, this totally elevated it to a new level.  It may make me a snob, but there's nothing I like more than having a piece of art made just for me, and having the artist personally unravel it.  If you have any appreciation of cuisine as an art form, this is clearly the place for you.We finished our meal with the UFO dessert, which is a disc-shaped pastry stuffed with red bean and battered in tempura, and topped with ice cream.  It was pretty good.Now, I have had some pretty good meals in my life, but if I were look back and consider which one was the very best, this one would definitely merit consideration.  It may not appeal to the fan of generic sushi rolls, but if you like trying new and interesting things, you're sure to find some potential here.  The quality of the food and of the menu is second to none, as far as sushi restaurants are concerned.
5	I absolutely love Yasu! I took my manfriend here and we are sushi and sashimi lovers. We have been to many sushi places all over the valley, out of the state and country too. Yasu has great quality fish (specially for AZ being inland it is always hard to find fresh fish). We let Yasu pick out our food! We had the albacore (they only get it twice a year it was superb!), jalepeno sushi roll, dates wrapped in bacon, and the Yasu beans (two orders; it was that good!). Btw, do not use soy sauce! Everything is perfect and does not need it!Everything was excellent and my favorite part was the aesthetically pleasing display of the food. Everything was in harmony, which is rare in most affordable restaurants. We will return to Yasu!
5	I recently decided to accompany a couple friends on their quest to find the best sushi in Phoenix. A few weeks ago we started here at Yasu Sushi Bistro. While I'm not as committed to the quest as they are, I would be surprised if Yasu didn't rank among the top five sushi places in the Valley.We had an incredible dining experience at Yasu. Our server was perfect: she definitely knew sushi and had many great recommendations. I'm still somewhat of a sushi novice, but you don't have to be a pro to know when you're eating a fresh, creative meal.My recommendations: start off with miso soup with clams and try the hamachi carpaccio. At the end of the meal ask your server to have the chef make you something special. He made us tempura avocado wrapped in eel, topped with foie gras and served it to us personally. It was amazing.Yasu provided one of the best dining experiences I've had all year.
5	Great Japanese, sushi restaurant.  Food is awesome.   Just about everything on their large menu is great.  They have a lot of other choices other than sushi or seafood.  We tend to over order there because everything on the menu looks great.  One of these days I am going to try their pork belly!
5	Best sushi in town.
5	OK. YUM. Just ate here the other night and it was fantastic. Loved the ambiance for a strip mall - dark and intimate. Loved the tapas selection - we ate the green beans for an appetizer and they were really, really good. We both had two kinds of sushi and loved each of them. I'm coming here again, when my wallet is full. It was a bit pricey, but we knew that going in. I plan on getting sushi again and trying another couple rolls. The only annoying thing is that there's no explanation of the rolls anywhere, so you have to ask about each one if you're curious about ingredients. I'd recommend this place!
1	I would give a zero star if I could.  We ordered a yasu roll asking for avocado on the side yesterday and our waitress (who was super nice) went and told the sushi chef and he agreed said ok... Well when he gave us out order... Guess what... There's avocado.  So I politely told our waitress and she went and told the chief and he starts arguing with her.  Then he came and said "you want Avocado on the side???" I said "yes" he says "you don't like avocado?" I said "no" and he says "oh. Just take it out then"  what the heck?????? I've never heard of someone making a mistake on my order then telling me a simple "just take it out"  I'm such a picky eater that I don't even want avocado touching anything but my sister who was with me, LOVES avocado so that's why I asked for it to be on the side!!!!  To make matters worst, I asked him if I can have a knife so I can cut the roll in half and let me sister eat the side with avocado... He hands me a chop stick thing with a sharp edge.  Omg. I give up. I just can't take it anymore. Poor service. Instead of remaking the roll or giving us a 10% off our bill or something.Worst sushi place ever. It's because of places like this... Is why I hate trying new places!!!
5	A great little spot to find! Fresh, Fresh, Fresh Sushi and great eats! Be sure to try the green bean appetizer!
5	Best Japanese restaurant in Phoenix. Tip: don't get their sushi rolls there, that's kid's stuff. Order from within the menu, or from the tapas menu ($5 items). I recommend the agedashi tofu and kurobuta sausage skewers!Food comes in somewhat small portions so I wouldn't recommend coming here with more than 4 people if you plan on stuffing yourself. I visited here last weekend for my birthday and got the saikyo beef tongue, garlic manila clams, kurobuta sausage, grilled bronzino (Mediterranean sea bass), grilled squid, and a few other things I honestly can't quite remember. Food came out really quick--maybe in under 10 minutes? They also spaced out the time between platters of food to ensure that we'd all enjoy each plate one by one. I appreciate their take on Japanese cuisine, as most places only offer bentos and maki rolls, which gets boring after a while.
2	I have been on Yelp for quite some time now reading reviews and enjoying other's recommendations. My experience on Saturday night at Yasu prompted me to write my first review.It was my buddy's ASU graduation. We decided to do dinner then head to our VIP Table Reservation at Narcisse after at Scottsdale Quarter. He loves sushi and I heard that Yasu was awesome, so instead of hitting up a trendy place in Scottsdale, I opted to reserve a table at Yasu.The reservation for our party of four was at 7:30. I had pre-paid bottled service at Narcisse and didn't want to be late. I figured an hour and a half was plenty of time. WRONG!We arrived about 7:20-7:25. We were promptly greeted by the hostess and led to our table. There were about eight other tables in the restaurant and a few people at the sushi bar. After about 15 minutes of not being acknowledged by any server (there were at least four), I asked the bus boy to find someone. Five minutes later the hostess came over and said "Micky" was our server and she didn't know she had our table. I asked the hostess how everyone could have walked by at least a dozen times (including herself) and not notice that we had not ordered. She shrugged her shoulders and walked off. Another five minutes later (it's now almost 7:45), Micky arrives. No apologies, no rush of service. We ordered our drinks and food at the same time. We order four types of rolls, teriyaki chicken, ponzu jidori chicken, edamame, miso soup and tempura.At 7:05 our edamame comes. 7:10 our miso soup. Over the course of the next 15 minutes, our rolls come trickling out one by one. It's now almost 7:25. I asked Micky where our chicken was. She said "two more minutes." Ten minutes later she brings our teriyaki chicken. I told her that we needed the check and that we were in a rush. She disappears. She comes back with the tempura. No sign of the ponzu chicken, but at this point I did not care. She comes back ten minutes later with the other chicken, leaves and comes back with the check.We had about ten minutes to inhale both chicken dishes and the tempura.Other tables came and went with the exception of ours and the table next to us, who was complaining that they had been waiting nearly 20 minutes for some sort of dessert dish. The food? AMAZING! The rolls were awesome, the soup tasty and the ponzu chicken OMG... the best chicken I have ever eaten. The service? Easily THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE I have ever had in a restaurant. After were ordered, our drinks were never refilled (water or Iced Tea) and were never offered any other alcoholic beverages either. I have been a server in the past and could not for the life of me figure out what her problem was. Even if she had all eight tables, it couldn't have taken her that long to greet us, ring in the order and bring it out. She was simply BEYOND disorganized. It appeared that she had not put our order in until almost 8:00 when the edamame come out. It was almost like she was making the food herself. The whole experience was truly bizzare. I was tempted to leave, go to the Fry's Signature on Shea, buy some pre-made sushi rolls and bring them back. In the time it took her to bring us our soup, I could have!We were late to Narcisse, but luckily, there is something to the service given at over-priced Scottsdale night clubs. That part of the evening was perfect.Would I go back? I would give them one more try, only if I had a different server.
4	Lunch with a friend 1/25/13.  Chicken teriyaki combo: outstanding crisp grilled dark chicken served with a charred jalapeno and a side of hot sauce.  Combo included crab special roll, which was not quite a Cali roll but still tasty, miso soup, average, and a side salad with an awesome dressing.  Friend had sashimi assortment and said it was fresh.  Side edamame were overpriced, not warm and seasoned with only table salt so unfinished.  Decor is very attractive inside, with a small patio.  Our server seemed shy but competent.  But $7 for a kirin draft beer at lunch, when the menu said $5? Not cool.  I would go back for the teriyaki chicken though.
5	This has to be the best sushi I have ever had. Was in town for meetings and looked up Sushi restaurants on Yelp and this was #1 in ratings. I can see why. Absolutely everything we had was incredible! Lots of different choices from the usual. Pork Belly? Sooooo good! Will be back here for sure!
4	I've been going to this place since it opened, the food is excellent, always excellent never had anything that I didn't like.  The place is a little small, but very cozy with really nice lighting.  I've noticed the staff is a bit dull not too friendly but they are attentive.  Anyway, I always come here when I want alone time with any one, definitely wouldn't bring kids.
5	Over the course a few trips, Yasu has quickly become my favorite sushi spot in Phoenix. The fish is always very fresh and the grilled/cooked options are out of this world. It can be just a smidge pricier than some other sushi places, but you are paying for quality and you get it. They do have happy hour during the week which goes through 6pm and gives you a nice selection of tapas and sushi for $5 a pop.The atmosphere feels very authentic. Yasu is front and center of the very small dining room...often he is conversing with guests and overall just looking like he's having a great time. It's part of the charm of eating here. He is also very passionate about his food and it shows. He will often make recommendations about what is fresh and different for the day. You feel like you are in good hands when you eat here, like someone has your back in the kitchen. There is a huge selection, far too big to even discuss individual plates/sushi options. In fact, if I had one complaint it's that they have too many menus. For a first time diner it can be a little daunting to sort it all out. You've got the daily menu, the regular menu, the tapas menu, the sushi menu, and I think one other menu. Simplifying things, would be the only thing I would change at this otherwise heavenly spot.I highly recommend this spot, it has spoiled me and become the measuring stick I compare other local sushi joints to. 4.75/5.
4	I love this place... they have great japanese tapas, sushi, and other options.My only complaint would be that when you sit down you get a series of at least 4 different menus which makes things a little awkward. They should probably consolidate the menus and reprint new ones.
4	boooooom!!! Awesome service and fresh fish! They have some innovative dishes! Eel wrapped fois gras, fois gras eggplant...yes, I LOVE fois gras. Great service and good wine list too!   Japanese chef..which always helps. :-) just sayn'
4	This is our 2nd time at Yasu and we really enjoyed the experience.It is small, dim, and intimate inside. Decorated very tastefully with unique little touches. Perfect date atmosphere.Service was very good. Our server was sweet and helpful.We shared the green beans, miso eggplant,  and avocado roll. Additionally my husband had scallop tempura skewers and the salmon roll. The green beans were phenomenal. I could eat them all day. Eggplant was also very good as well as the avocado roll. Hubby loved his scallops and liked the salmon roll except for how TINY it was.The only reason we might not return on a regular basis is because of the portion sizes and the prices. The eggplant was around $10. I was expecting a plate full not a tiny bowl full. $40 worth of food and my husband and I were hungry an hour later. I understand that this is a "tapas" place but this is definitely not somewhere to go when you are watching your budget. But if you do have a little money to burn and you want to experience some delicious morsels of joy prepared by an obviously talented chef, I highly recomend Yasu.
1	I would not return to this restaurant. First off you start your dining experience with 6 menus, and they aren't even nice, well thought out menus, they are printed on computer paper, stapled and dirty. They do not have descriptions of their rolls or drinks and it is unnecessary and confusing to have that many menus. Their prices seem reasonable until you realize how small the portions are. The taste wasn't bad but after a $50 tab, my guest and I left unsatisfied and still hungry. They have a $5 tapas menu which I tried the bacon wrapped dates off of. There were only 5 dates which tasted amazing but again, the portion was ridiculous. The same thing with the rolls, the caterpillar had great flavor but there were 8 slices of the smallest roll I've ever had and it cost $13. To top it off, service was extremely slow even though the restaurant wasn't very busy and my guest and I had to help a fellow customer in a wheelchair maneuver around their tiny restaurant. There are too many fantastic sushi places in the area to waste your time on this one.
5	Delicious!! Try the red snapper carpaccio and the yazu style salmon sushi... Green beans on small plates menu are great too
5	Went there on our neighbors rave reviews, this place did not disappoint. Shared the Ribeye Shemeji, Soft Shell Crab Sushi, Shrimp Tempura Sushi and then ordered off the $5 menu with Shrimp Fondue, Short Ribs and Scallop Skewers which were all winners. Sat at the sushi bar because the place is pretty small and we did not want to wait real long. Yasu was behind the sushi bar and these middle aged Japenese Lady Groupies were talking to him and were so loud I wanted to stuff a sushi roll in their mouth to muffle them down. The food was great and the waitress was very helpful in our selection since it was our first time there and there are 4+ menus to order off of. Will be back here and look forward to the next new food to try. One of the better Japanese Restaurants in Phoenix.
5	Fabulous, don't miss the $5 happy hour specials.  Amazing drinks & sushi for just $5 each.  The best and very creative presentation.
4	Sooooooo yummy!  The fish is fresh and tender, and the rolls are pretty creative.  The staff are welcoming and friendly and the price is right.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  I'm used to sushi in San Francisco, which is a city knows for sushi, and Yasu is right up there in quality to any of the many great sushi restaurants I've been to here.  I would definitely go back when I'm in town again.
5	Yasu, Yasu, Yasu!! You are simply ADORABLE!!! :)The restaurant and the owner!! This place is delicious, ever so fresh and innovative!Plus, the service here is always five stars, the food and ingredients are the freshest ever. Service was great, our waiters have always been super friendly and informative of items and specials. I also love how well this place is decorated, it's dimmed and very private.   Awesome place to go to have a nice quiet dinner. :)
4	Small hidden little gem.I was out running errands and stumbled upon this delight. Everything I ate, which felt like too much while ordering, turned out to be perfect. They have $5.00 tapas, hard to choose which ones to pick. I had a baked cheesy scallop (my apologies for not remembering the correct name) and seared ahi. I wanted a roll as well so they accommodated my request for a Las Vegas roll even though it was not on the menu (and yes I know I really should venture out, but it sounded perfect, and it was). Pictures to follow. The only things that turned me off were the laminated "lunch specials" (as an industry person, I feel like at a certain price point laminated menus are not acceptable) and no wine specials for lunch, only Sake. Again I understand in a Japanese restaurant I should drink Sake but I like what I like, and might I add my Prosecco complemented my meal perfectly.Stick with the specials and you will have a tiny bill, venture out and plan on paying.
5	This is an amazing Japanese restaurant! I ate there with some friends on Friday and have been dreaming about it since (today is Tuesday). I am already planning my next visit there as we speak. Each dish brought out was better than the last and I plan to try everything on the menu one of these days. My absolute favorites were the albacore sashimi and black cod. Enjoy mouth watering Japanese food here in Phoenix.
5	One of my fav sushi places in town!!Delicious fresh sushi & drinks!Great service but ambience is mediocre at best!Biggest downfall is their hours wish they were open more!!!
4	Excellent food, highly recommend!!!! Everything was absolutely delicious.
4	Amazing Black Ice t, Good Meso and edamamme. Sushi was fresh and good quality..
5	This is the best sushi in the valley.  Transcendental.  Do the Omakasi (sp?). Thank me later.
5	Fantastic place - they have possibly the freshest fish in the valley.  Their menu is extremely interesting and the servers are eager to make recommendations and describe anything on the menu you don't understand.  I do recommend a reservation at dinner at it's gets rather crowded.  Don't miss the cocktails made with Sochu.
5	Really great atmosphere and customer service. They have wonderful donburi's and other great sushi assortments.
5	Sushi is amazing. Their kitchen menu is even better.  There are so many unique items on it. I love the spicy green beans, foie gras & the miso cod.
4	Yasu is not at all what you would expect by looking at it from the outside. It is a rather small restaurant, but that adds to the ambiance. We went on a Saturday night and it was pretty full. Customers ranged from families to couples out on date night. We were greeted immediately and the service was excellent. The server explained everything on the menu (there are a few different menu's) and offered his advice after asking what we were looking for to eat. The drinks were good and the food was fresh. The menu offers items you don't typically find at other sushi restaurants in the valley. The boneless ribs on the 5.00 menu were excellent as was the seafood fondue. The prices do get a little expensive with some items, so it is worth checking out during the times where they are running the food specials if you are really hungry. Overall a really nice and unexpected experience. We will be back again to eat there soon!
4	Sat at the bar and had a delightful solo meal. Dinner is a bit more expensive than lunch, but they do have a $5 per item menu. On which, you will find the best greens beans ever (better than the casserole even)!  The food is fresh creative and you will find something for every one. I gave it four out of five stars bc of price and ambience. Food is a five!  I look forward to another visit with a group.
3	Walked in on a Saturday night. The place is tiny but I was excited to see the menu. The server David handed me 1 page, then another, then the menu "book" then another page with drinks. My date and I looked at each other and I thought to myself, "Maybe I should have brought my binder". While sorting out the items, the server began his speech. His recommendations seemed good. I love Japanese cuisine so knew exactly what I wanted. The food arrived soon and I loved every bite. The red rolls were excellent. The green beans were a hit also. I ordered Pork belly but never got it. Don't know why? David seemed a little confused while waiting on us. I guess it was a long night.I love the location and I highly recommend reservations.
2	Server didn't know what was in the dragon roll vs the caterpillar or the vegas roll. We ordered it thinking it was one way and it came with different ingredients. Bacon wrapped dates were good. Slow server response, even for tea and i wish they had a sushi explanation for all the specialty rolls on the back of the sushi list.
5	When we visit AZ, this is one of our top places to hit! It never disappoints.We arrived promptly at 5:30 to avoid the evening rush, and were seated immediately. The place did not fill up while we were there, so this seems to be a good time to go on a Saturday night. We had our 11m old with us, and they provided us with a high chair, and were great at picking up things that he accidentally (for the most part) dropped. When we visit Yasu, we make sure we order our favorite - tuna carpaccio, and then try some new things based on the suggestions of the ever-helpful server - tonight it was: Yuzu style red snapper sashimi, a Yasu specialty salmon sashimi, a salmon hand roll, and green beans. We also like to order a few things off the sushi menu, we ordered the yellow tail nigiri and were going to order the salmon sashimi (from the sushi menu), but the waiter suggested the Yasu style salmon nigiri instead - it was a great recommendation!Our food came out steadily, we were just finishing one plate when another came along. There was a slight delay on the 2 items that were Yasu specialties - it seemed that everyone was ordering them, and he was "slammed." I was a little nervous when the server said there would be a wait - child was getting sleepy/clingy, but we waited maybe 5 minutes. My husband liked everything - he is the major sushi fan, I am the sidekick. I have a super sensitive fishy taste bud, and I noticed both the salmon hand roll and the yellow tail tasted fishy. Husband thought they were, "Nice!" We both agreed that the salmon sashimi (had a pistachio on top, wrapped around a green - we can't remember the name) and the tuna carpaccio were our favorites. About the only very slight negative I can think of has no relation to the food: no baby changing station in the bathroom. (This is not a surprise, very few good ethnic food restaurants have them, I've found.) But the bathroom was clean, good sized, and single person, so I changed the babe on the floor then used baby wipes to clean him up.
5	Amazing! My boyfriend told me a long time ago this was his favorite sushi place so I finally got to take him here for his birthday and was so impressed. It is so cute inside and the sushi is amazing! Even just the simple california roll was outstanding. I didnt read any descriptions on the rolls and just randomly chose the phoenix roll and him and I both were shocked, it was absolutely delicious! I cannot wait to go back. Oh and the shrimp on the 5 dollar tapa menu is SOO good.Try this place!
5	another gem in the rough, I would say. this place is excellent. Master Yasu is great and friendly. he will cater the food based on what you like/don't like and be prepare to be blown away.the fish are fresh, the sushi rice got the right mix of the spices and the kitchen also have some great food. this is how sushi are supposed to taste like.ask the cheff for Omakase and say, feed me please.
4	Came here with my mother in law and sister in law and had a nice time. The service was great. Our server was really funny, cheerful, and helpful. He suggested all kinds of things for us to try, so we went ahead with it. Portions can be somewhat small here, and the price isn't cheap, but we were satisfied. The sushi rice could have been softer and stickier in my opinion, but that's my only gripe ;)
1	Only once. Never again. Although the food tasted great, I waited 45 min after my entire family finished their meals. The waitress even took their plates before I ate. When my dish finally arrived it took all of 10 seconds to finish. Smallest most expensive dinner I have ever had.
2	The Customer is not always right at Yasu. DO NOT BUY A GIFT CARD HERE. Enjoyed the food, wanted to share the experience with a new client who just moved to the Tatum and Mountain View area, and bought them cards from several favorite restaurants. Was told to keep my receipt in case of loss or theft. What do you know? All the cards immediately disappeared from their basket while the movers were at the new home. Rusconi's cancelled their card and issued a new one. Yasu himself explained that they could do nothing (even though we reported it before they had opened for business and knew it was the only gift card sold that day... they wouldn't call their provider. Need a business gift...or a great helpful staff...go to Rusconi's. Need a grumpy unhelpful proprietor...go to Yasu. I won't make that mistake again.
1	Our service here was atrocious. We waited about 45 minutes to receive our first roll even though they were not busy. The first roll was okay. After this, our waiter didn't return for another 30 minutes to check on us. Our other rolls were not good; I've tasted better sushi from Fry's... We ordered something from the menu which was not as indicated by the title. When we asked them to take it back because it was not what we ordered, they refused. All in all, we spent two hours here with very little service from our waiter and after $65 went away still hungry.Before we left, the waiter insulted our tastes as being more akin to Red Lobster. I kid you not. Talk about unprofessional. My wife used to work in a high-end sushi restaurant and was furious at the lack of professionalism and respect shown to us.I'm not sure how this place has such high reviews. Do not go to to Yasu unless you want overpriced, bland sushi from waiters with bad attitudes.If you want really amazing sushi, go to Harumi Sushi (114 W Adams St, 85003)/.
5	If you are looking for quality sushi in Phoenix/Scottsdale this is the place. This is hands down the best quality and best tasting fish I have had around here. The menu is huge with lots of daily specials. The staff knows what they are talking about and I had some very tasty Japanese beer. Definitely more expensive then most places but worth every bite. I would say the only downside is the food comes out a little slow. I can handle thatWill be back!
5	This place was amazing! Although they did not have some of the usual traditional japanese plates that most Japanese restaurants have such as a dragon roll or gyozas. But we did order a second round of the vegas roll because it was AMAZING! The spicy tuna wasn't the best but all the other rolls like the tempura roll, the soft shell roll &  yasu roll made up for it. Don't let me forget about our Waiter, I don't know his name but he was on top of it. Great recommendations, friendly, super attentive.  He got me my sriracha,  and everyone who knows me knows if you give me my sriracha your golden. I totally recommend this place and will return for sure.
5	This place hardly needs another review but I feel compelled. Yasu is the owner and head chef. A true artist of delicious Japanese creations. This is our second time here and I can't wait to go back. My new favorite restaurant in Pheonix area but I'm partial to Sushi. We went this time on a Monday night. It was quiet and very pleasant. The staff was super attentive and non rushed. Everything at our request. And the meal was over the top, again! Cheese Cream Baked Scallops, Fried Green Beans, Las Vegas Roll (not on menu but eagerly made), Tuna Garlic Sashimi (new on menu) and to top it off...the Yasu Roll...off the hook! Next time we go, we're doing the Chef's choice program where Chef Yasu cooks up whatever his imagination comes up with. We watched a couple moan with pleasure as they slapped the table top every time he came out with something else. Incredible!
5	Excellent and authentic. This is he best sushi in town. I have tried many places and none have topped it. You walk in and the setting is softly lit with perfect modern music playing. Its very hip and a perfect date spot. The food is so fresh. They have the best eel here. Its deliciously crisp and never too fatty. Go here !
5	This place is amazing! I love how Yasu the actual owner is always here. I would absolutely recommend the hamachi & cilantro. I would also recommend the cold soba noodles with poached egg. Awesome! All in all this place is my favorite Japanese restaurant.
5	A top 3 sushi joint in the greater phoenix area and may be tied for #1.  Yasu has yet to disappoint me with anything after a half dozen or so visits.   His level of experimentation and fearless approach to ingredients earns him big points.  If you have never gone "omakase" at a sushi joint before then this should be your first.  It's a slam dunk every time with Yasu and he always gets it together just right.  Only four sushi bar seats so you will likely be at a table.  This is normally a big deal for me because I think sushi should always be eaten at the bar.  Yasu's deals with it better than most and understands the delivery of table-side fish which must be fast.  Still I wish he would whack out the bar divider and expand the sushi bar to a good ten or so.  If you do happen to score the bar, you are in for a great night.   In general the place is warm and inviting.  The lighting is low and I think it's a great place for a date if this is your chow. Parking can be a bummer and you can certainly drop some coin here if you eat like me... then again I can say that about most sushi joints.  Yasu's may be in the higher end of the cost spectrum though.
5	People you have no idea this place is amazing you wouldn't expect based on its location tucked into that little corner the food is fabulous the service is the best. Give this place I shot you will not regret it for real five stars all the way
5	First and foremost, I am not into sushi. I do love California rolls. We stopped for lunch one day and had California rolls and there ginger salad. The service was great and food was very tasty. The atmosphere is inviting as well.
4	Not your typical sushi place. They have a very creative menu. We went with the very knowledgable waiter recommendation and were not disappointed. A little pricey but very good and unique food.
5	Not a big sushi fan until after my trip here. Best service and fresh fish. I enjoyed the red snapper and check meat of a yellowtail.
2	Very disorganized. It took 25, minutes before we were helped. Once the order was in it took over 40 minutes to get our sushi order. We never received our short ribs or edamane. Sushi was fair. Salad was very good. But will never go back because of the wait and the confusion of the service staff.
3	I had a craving for some good sushi. A friend mentioned Yasu so I decided to try it. I was sadly disappointed. After being charged $54 for 2 rolls and a few pieces of sushi, I had high expectations. The rolls were bland and flavorless. They used crab sticks instead of fresh crab in the rolls. And the sushi pieces still had flakes of skin on the edges.  They have $$$ as the price range, but it should really only be $ or $$ to be generous. I paid for fancy napkins and nice furniture apparently, cause the quality and taste was definitely not worth $$$. I won't be going back.
4	Tasty sushi for a very good price. The quantity was spot on. The staff was extremely friendly but the service seemed a little slow based on how many sushi chefs were working at the time.
2	Nothing was 'wrong' with this place, the atmosphere was ok but I've just had a lot of amazing sushi before & this place didn't do it for me. I had 5 different rolls & really did not like any of them. Everything was very fresh just plain.
2	Plenty of Japanese and fusion options, but limited sushi choices. Also no descriptions on the sushi, so unless you know what you like, you will be asking a lot of questions.I wanted to try the cornflake shrimp but they ran out of corn flakes. That happens, I know, but still. Sad sushi eater was sad. Also, seriously, please just print one menu.
3	Great taste but seriously less filling... As in... Wow is THAT the eel in the corner? Imitation krab on the "premium" roll? And the premium roll is "double the ingredients".  What's going on?  If you want a taste test this is fine, but don't go hungry because you'll leave hungry.  Kid friendly? No.  Sorry. Don't really have much else I say sadly...
5	This review is about five years in the making. Yasu the owner and his team are amazing. This is HIGH grade, HIGH quality sushi. Just had dinner there last night. Each time i eat there I am reminded why I love this place. His quality and homemade sauces and unique style produce high grade sushi. If you want all you can eat sushi, or sushi on a belt, or a bargain, Yasu is NOT for you. Explore his menu. His servers have in-depth knowledge. Explore the menu. Talk to Liz the server about tastes, textures and ingredients. She always steers me on new paths that I like.
1	Wow. I've been going to Yasu Sushi since 2007. It used to be a fine establishment with great sushi. The past two times, however, I have been horribly sick afterwards. The sushi rolls are very loose and sloppy, even though they take a long time to come out. Tonight there were 3 servers and 2 runners, and yet it took 3 hours to complete our order. I had set up a birthday reservation for 6:30 for 6, and we were the only reservation for the night--I looked at the paper. They had sat two other people on our table. So much for reservations. Our server never refilled our drinks, nor did he get addition drinks without us tracking him down. A friend went to the manager that was "too busy" to listen. Over $200 in food and drinks and you're too busy?!Yasu was a great place. Now they are simply just another sushi restaurant in a strip mall. What a disappointment.
3	A bit pricey but the red roll was awesome. We got the albacore roll off the "specials" menu and it was not good at all. The tapas seared tuna was good but a very small, tapas serving. Overall the food was good and fresh and I'm excited to try out their other sushi rolls. Too bad they're not open for lunch on the weekends :/ credit card machine broke as we were trying to pay .... It happens but was not handled well. Impacted the experience ...
5	Amazing. Go for the sushi, stay for the tapas or traditional izakaya plates.
2	One word for Yasu: Meh. I so wanted to love Yasu as it's close to home and very convenient. Ordering for take out was a fiasco, but that would have been easily overlooked if the food was great. Unfortunately, it was not. Not terrible, but not great by any stretch of the imagination. Sashimi was mediocre, the rolls the same. Cooked food was better than the sushi. Hana in downtown PHX is a million times better and worth the trip if you want great fish.
5	Best food in town. By a mile.
2	The drink  machine was broken and they didn't have soypaper ,,,really ? ice tea Had stuff floating at the bottom gross
5	Go. Get omakase. You will not be disappointed.I went to Yasu last night with a group of 6. We were undecided upon looking at the menu(s) and decided to just have the chef send us whatever (omakase). We probably got 12 or so courses. Each one had amazingly fresh fish and incredible flavor. We're already planning the next dinner and haven't stopped thinking about it since.Fairly pricy for Phoenix standards but inexpensive compared to similar quality sushi restaurants elsewhere.
1	We live very close to Yasu and been here for about 3 times. The first time was with my husband, it was decent. The second time was with my sister before her flight to NY, the service was slow food was decent, worst than the first time. We went there for the third time after my kids swimming lesson. (Yes, we weren't dressed like we were a rich family after swimming practice!) We walked in at 11:45am and almost immediately we ordered right away. We also ordered 2 extra rolls 5 minutes later. The rainbow roll was HORRIBLE. Rice was hard and very cold, tasted it like overnight refrigerated rice. I made a complained to the waiter but he soon return telling me they don't know why it was hard and walked away. Okay, fine i will swallow the $13 roll that tasted worst than Frys' sushi. We finished the food soon after and we were sitting there waiting for 2 more rolls to come. We waited... Waited and waited.... No one came by to if we needed anything, no water refills, or take away our empty plates. It was like we were invisible. Finally I asked the waiter about my 2 rolls and told him I wanted to cancel. He then returned 5-7 minutes later with one of the sushi roll. We ate that and waited AGAIN... Waited and waited for my final roll to come. Finally I told the waiter I wanted the check. He came back 10 minutes later with my check and I was charged with 4 rolls. I told him I only got 3 rolls but he said no I got all of the rolls. He went to the sushi chiefs about it and they too said us had all the rolls. SERIOUSLY? Yasu? You think I'm gonna lie about eating those nasty rolls of yours? We did not leave until 1:30pm. I spent most of the time waiting for 4 rolls. 11:45- 1:30pm is a longtime trying to have a quick lunch. The worst thing about this whole experience was that all of the staff made me feel like I ate the roll and don't want to pay for it. They were arguing behind the sushi bar about weather or not I ate the roll. It's disgusting how you run your business!!! Shame on you Yasu. Worst service and sushi I ever had in my life. My husband and I love sushi and we spend a lot of money eating sushi monthly. And btw, we are not poor, my husband is an ER physician, we have money to pay for whatever we ordered. But I am not gonna pay for something we waited so furiously long for and still did not get to eat sushi. I am seriously disappointed at your extreme slow service, manners of your staff, and the not so fresh sushi. There are way too many options for sushi in Phoenix, and I will never waste a penny in this restaurant. Not this life time and the next! If I can give you a -10, -10 is what you should deserve in my rating!
5	Amazing sushi! One of the best in phoenix.  We have been everywhere and are originally from LA. We know good sushi!! This is one  of THREE good sushi restaurants in AZ!
5	My wife and I visited Yasu to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  We thought we would pick our normal sushi items and enjoy - but were we in for a surprise.  Our waiter convinced us to  try items off the 1 page paper extra menu.  While I had poured my soy sauce like normal - I never touched it the entire night.  Why not - well, Chef Yasu blew us away.  Every course was so wonderfully presented, with unique subtle flavors, with each course better than the last.  We enjoyed the food so much, we took the next step and placed ourselves in Chef Yasu's hands.  He prepared some tasty items we would probably never had ordered, yet we enjoyed them so much.  He finished the meal with a taste of Japanese eggplant topped with Foie Gras which was to die for.  He then prepared a chocolate soffle w/ a couple of scoops of homemade ice cream that was fabulous.  We highly recommend you visit and go off -menu with Chef Yasu, it will be an experience unmatched.  We have been to quite a few premium restaurants, and this was by far one of the best meals we ever experienced. Domo Origato Chef Yasu!!Bret & Barb
1	A friend and I decided to order take-out from this place one night a few weeks ago. After calling and being put on hold for 10 minutes and then being hung up on, we called back and nobody answered. After a few minutes we tried the call again, and were finally able to order. They told us our order would be ready in 45 minutes (which seemed a bit long considering it was a tuesday night, but maybe they were having a really busy tuesday evening.). When we got there 45 minutes later, the place was almost empty (I think there were 2 or 3 tables with people sitting at them), so maybe a bunch of people had just left (??). Maybe? Anyway... after about 5 minutes of waiting for someone to actually actually help us, we were told that our order was not ready yet, but it would be out in a few minutes. 15 minutes later, we finally got our food (so, that's over an hour total time... seriously?). This place was not off to a good start, but maybe the food was so good that it would be worth the ridiculous wait...We each got 3 rolls (sorry, I don't remember which ones, as it was weeks ago). At least one of the rolls was fried, and tasted like it was cooked in very dirty oil. Like the taste of french fries at a greasy diner. Unfortunately the flavor of the oil was so strong, we couldn't taste any of the ingredients in the roll. One of the rolls was a tempura roll that suffered from the same dirty oil flavor. These rolls were both disgusting, and hit the bin after we each tried 1 piece. Blech.The rolls which weren't infused with dirty fryer oil were the smallest sushi rolls I've ever seen; Somewhere around half to three-quarters of an inch in diameter. If they had cost half the price they did, I would still have been disappointed by how small the were. At least one of the rolls was a spicy roll (yellowtail or tuna, or possibly one of each), and was not even remotely spicy. It is my belief that they simply put a bit of red food coloring on the fish to make it look the color one would expect from a spicy roll. There was not a hint of spice on the roll.That's it. We paid $40-50 dollars for about 24 ounces of food (12 oz each), half of which was inedible.Terrible, terrible, terrible... I can't say it enough to convey how wretched this whole experience was. Terrible.
1	I was excited to try this place as it is right near where I live.  Unfortunately I have nothing great to say.  The employees were nice but the food I ordered wasn't good at all and I waited FOREVER.  There were only 2 other tables in there with customers, and a few at the sushi bar.  So total about 10 people including me.  I ordered dinner for myself, to go.  Chicken teriyaki and a sushi roll (I don't remember which one).  For just the 2 items, to do take out, it took over 25 mins.  I was shocked at the price as well.  I guess I wouldn't have minded paying what I did if the food was amazing, but when I got home and starting eating the food, I thought it was very boring, very bland and the chicken was very chewy.  I wouldn't recommend this place and I will not be going back.  Was pretty bummed since there are great reviews on here.  Maybe they were having an "off" day but there are plenty of other places around me to avoid this one.
