5	This is a RE-review of Fuego Tacos. I visited the first week and gave it 2 stars for a long wait, small portion size, and poor food quality. I received a note from the owner saying things had been changed around and re-tooled after the first few weeks of opening jitters and I am glad I listened to him. (First of all, kudos to the owner for caring about customers and genuinely responding to feedback!).So today, my friend and I went back for lunch. She had the barbacoa tacos and I had the baja fish tacos. I sampled the meat in the barbacoa tacos and it was excellent; moist, very flavorful and well apportioned. The fish tacos were a delight. The panko bread crumb coating kept them nice and crisp, (They are a far cry from the typical greasy fried stuff you might find at a lesser restaurant). And they were very filling. The rice and beans were a perfect complement.Portion size was generous. I felt like I got my money's worth. When you consider the area and the other options, they are right in line with, or a little below typical Esplanade/Biltmore pricing. Our service was great. While we were some of the first customers, the restaurant was nearing full capacity when we left and our service didn't diminish at all. The waiter was attentive and witty and got us our check early, without us even asking. This is a lunch place for a lot of the employees in the Esplanade, so it is nice when servers recognize that we have limited lunch time.We were in and out of the restaurant in under 30 minutes, which is remarkable. The food was served fresh and prompt; the check was delivered before we asked for it; our plates were cleared quickly; my water glass never went below halfway. All-in-all, a very positive experience and one that earned repeat business from someone who eats food nearly every day.
4	very good food.  very nice ambiance.  nice drinks specialties.   I'd have preferred to be seated downstairs - but that is a personal preference I guess.  If you are in the neighborhood anyway this is a good solid choice with some generous tasty tacos, great beans and garlic-y rice.Taking all that into account, we don't live nearby and there was nothing magic to draw me to come back.  There's nothing wrong at all with the service, quality or presentation - just no sparks.
1	Man I wish this place didnt exist!!!!   Bad service!!! Food was ok at best.  Even if the food was better the service sucked so bad I'll never go back!!!
5	Went for dinner last night because I bought a Living Social coupon worth $10. They gave us chips and salsa right away. The salsa isn't my favorite, but nothing bad about it. the chips were great! (and maybe I was hungry too...)The taco plates are all around $10. I had the baja fish. The tacos were packed full and very generous portion of fish! The fish has a great crispy panko crust and the cabbage was topped with a fantastic spicy aoili. the bf had the special, which was the red snapper tacos. The server came back and said they only had enough fish for one taco so he could choose one other taco. He chose the carnitas. I tried his snapper taco, which seemed a bit fishy, but that was immediately after eating my tilapia baja taco. He liked it just fine. He also had no complaints with his carnitas taco. I ordered a Dark and Stormy, which I was excited to see on the menu. The bartender was very generous with the rum, which is usually a good thing, but I would have liked more ginger beer. But all the drinks are only $5! Unless you're there during happy hour, in which they're even cheaper.Service was very good. Our bill came to $26 which I think is pretty darn good for 2 great meals (even took almost all the rice and beans from both our plates home for leftovers) and a cocktail.I do hope this place succeeds, as, unfortunately, many in the esplanade have not.Overall, great experience. I'll definitely be back!!
4	Stopped in for a quick plate of tacos. Had the Living Social deal so seemed worth a stop.Menu is small, but contains a pretty good mix of tacos. Each plate has two tacos plus rice and beans. Chicken, pork, fish, and veggie were all availble in one form or another.I opted for the chicken street tacos. Tasty, tender, thigh meat topped with veggies and cheese. Winner, winner chicken dinner in my book.Would return and likely booze it up a bit as well. The changing colors on the bar were a bit funky, but place has a good vibe.
4	I've been in 3 times now.  Every time it's gotten better.  I have the VIP card, so I usually stick to the happy hour tacos.  The ground beef tacos are amazing.  Great flavors with a nice crunch.  The pork tacos are tasty too.  Not a huge fan of the chicken street taco, a little bland.  The salsa has changed for the worse, but really good salsa is hard to find.  It tastes a little spaghetti-saucey.I have to say the drink prices are unbeatable.  $5 or less!  I frequent Merc bar and have been hitting Fuego Tacos for dinner before I head there.  The drinks are stronger and 1/2 the price of Merc drinks.  Definitely stop in for a few before your evening out!Fuego Tacos, you're on the right track!  Can't wait to try some of the other tacos next time I'm in :)
4	I also bought the living social coupon and decided to use it for lunch today. I had the Short Rib Barbacoa and it was quite tasty. The chips and salsa, black beans, and rice that came with the meal were good as well.I'll definitely head back over there for happy hour sometime.
1	It saddens me to write such a bad review for one reason - I might be Fuego Bistro's biggest fan.  So you can imagine how excited I was when I heard they were opening a taco place right around the corner from where I live.  Sometimes excitement quickly turns to disappointment and sadness, and such is the case with Fuego Tacos.Let's just go start to finish:-Salsa is inedible.  Way too spicy, and not good spicy, it's damn take this away spicy-Drinks - half the size of the ones at Fuego Bistro, no good.  Not enough alcohol and the Sangria (which is top-notch at Bistro) tasted more like red Kool Aid-Food - not so good.  I got the veggie tacos, which tasted more like a taco shell filled with sweet (not good-sweet, bad-sweet) corn salsa.-Service - not too bad, but management response was a turn off.  We went in with Enamor coupons that clearly stated there were no limits, and they would only let us use one even though we were 2 parties with 2 checks.  Owner was called on the phone and didn't provide a great response.-Atmosphere - would be awesome, but not for this place.  More of a trendy could-be club guised as a fancy taco place.Please, check out the reviews for Fuego Bistro and go there.  It quite possibly offers the best food, service, and patio dining in Phoenix.  Fuego Tacos needs an overhaul, and I can for sure say I won't be back.
5	This place is worth a visit. Go for the happy hour.  There have been some changes in the staff and kitchen, which have definitely been for the positive.
4	Yesterday I tried Fuego Tacos and they were fabulous.  I have long been a fan of Fuego Bistro, so I wanted to sample their tacos. I was not disappointed.  I had the slow cooked pork tacos.  When you go get the roasted corn to add to them.  It is delicious.  They have a fantastic happy hour too.  This is now the best place to grab a bite before heading to the movies.  I can not wait to try their other tacos.
2	I am so sad, I wanted to like this place.  What a disappointment! I love Fuego Bistro and I take several friends to dinner there.  I am glad the couple who was to join us at Fuego Tacos couldn't make it.  I wouldn't have wanted them to think that Fuego Bistro is similar.  It is a completely different  ball game.  The place is nice, but it is as cold as a meat locker (ambiance wise) and the waiters are as stiff and lifeless as mortuary clients.  The drinks were nowhere near as tasty as the ones at FB. We had a couple of tacos and left, we wanted to salvage the rest of our date night.
3	We love Fuego Bistro and were excited to see this new version pop up in the Esplanade. It's a hip reincarnation of the bar that used to be there; great little spot and it was nice and breezy with the windows open. The food is spot on, very reminiscent of Big Brother Bistro but priced with the common man in mind. All entrees are around $10 and are perfectly portioned to eat the whole plate without feeling totally bloated and stuffed. Husband ordered the Pernil tacos, which were very succulent and savory. I had the baja fish tacos, which were nicely crispy and had a mildly spicy aoili. The beans and rice were also excellent. People have complained about the salsa, but we thought it was nicely tomatoey and garlicky with just a little heat. $4/$5 beers and drinks, pretty good deal. Lost a star for service. Our service was terrible tonight; the waitress didn't give us a chance to order drinks when she brought us our menus, then only took my husband's drink order when she came back, then forgot to bring me my drink until my husband reminded her AFTER she brought our meals. I feel that such spotty service would have warranted a free drink at the Bistro (or anywhere). Instead she just got a skimpy tip. The other servers seemed to be plenty attentive, though; maybe ours was just having an off night. Go for the food, drinks, and cute location.
3	I have been there a few times now and unfortunately the menu changed in the week between my visits, but both the chicken tacos and the veggie tacos are both good.  I preferred the corn over rice, but the manager said there was a problem with too many dishes to carry.  The server took almost 15 minutes returning our cards after taking them to swipe for payment which was a bit unnerving.  Its a bit dark and stuffy upstairs, but the downstairs area is nice.
4	Great upscale sitdown taco restaurant from the folks who run the fabulous Fuego Bistro.  $8 - $10 at lunch gets you two substantial tacos, black beans and arroz con gandules (tasty rice with pigeon peas).  Pernil Asado (marinated pork shoulder with mango chile salsa) was fabulous and my colleague loved her veggie tacos.  Downsides -- a bit dark inside and service is just o.k. (attentive but not particularly pleasant/inviting).  Well worth another visit.
3	Love the Fuego Bistro, have high hopes for this place.  Unfortunately the place has two obstacles to overcome.  First, the Esplanade is a dead space in terms of retail.  Just ask Picazzo's and their failed two month experiment.  Second, for as much as you try you just can't put a tux on a taco.  You can do that with burgers- Delux, Grind, etc...- but the taco shines best when it comes from the street.Having said that it has decent value for what you get and the tacos are fairly inventive and tasty.
5	Got a 15% off instant coupon for checking end! THAT TRULY RULES! Thanks Jeff, this rules.
4	Like others, I'm a big fan of Fuego Bistro so when a Living Social coupon was offered for Fuego Tacos I purchased it and headed over. The menu is small (not a bad thing in my opinion) and there is an extensive drink list. I was somewhat disappointed that they don't offer all of the Mojito flavors like they do at Fuego Bistro. I ordered a regular Mojito and it wasn't that great. The food was really, really good. I think for the price (ranging between $9-$11 a plate) the amount of food is perfect. The tacos are rather large and are accompanied by two large sides of rice and beans. The rice was incredible. Our server talked us into the churros ($4) for dessert which were also pretty good, nothing incredible though.I will definitely be back to try more tacos. I worry about how the restaurant will do in this location since it is dead at night, the restaurant itself was pretty empty on a Friday at 8pm when we went! Maybe they do well with the business lunch crowd?
2	This is the second time that I decided to give Fuego a try. The first time I came on a Sunday and they were closed. They really need to get a GRIP on their schedule. Yelp states that they were open. Nope CLOSED. I called and there was just an answer machine. Strange. I called on a Tuesday at 8:35 p.m. and was told that they will still seat and serve until 9 p.m. When I got there at 8:45 p.m. they said their kitchen was closed. Uhhh! Then I told the host that I just called and drove to the restaurant for tacos. Then they seated me. I really think that this restaurant does not have a clue. Tacos - Pork and Carne Asada tacos were not even comparable to Chipotles. Sangria - Not good. Two thumbs down. White and Red both failed. Took a few sips and trashed. Chips and the mild salsa was the only okay thing. I asked if they had hot sauce and they looked confused. Wait?!? Is this not called Fuego Taco? Definitely would not come back ever!
4	The service (ask for Matt) was tremendous...perhaps the best experience we've had with a server in Phoenix. Prices aren't cheap, but the quality is terrific, both in drinks and food. I recommend the Mojito and the pernil tacos. I'm glad this place is walking distance.Only quibble: the techno beats fits the decor, but I wasn't into it.
1	Groupon users beware! A friend and I went to try Fuego Tacos on Saturday night, each of us holding a $10-for-$3 Groupon. Given that the Groupon (legitimately) included the one-Groupon-per-table restriction, we opted to sit at the bar to allow us to each use our Groupon. Both the bartender and manager refused to honor the Groupons, on the basis that we "walked in together" and that the "boss" would be very upset if they honored both.We opted to go elsewhere on principle. The printed terms clearly stated that Groupons were to be limited to 1 per table, not 1 per "party" or "people walking in together." I do not believe this interpretation is unreasonable or overly legalistic. The Groupon would have covered less than half of our respective bills, after drinks and dessert. A pity, to have to post a star rating on the basis of policy rather than food quality...
5	First of all, Groupon users don't have to be aware of anything, as stated in a previous review. It clearly says 1 per table and the bar isn't a table. Duh!. My hubby and I went last night.  We were seated very quickly and our great server Ricky came within minutes. He is a very pleasant person and a great asset to the business. Also, even from a distance, a blonde girl, who bartending, beamed with energy and was interacting with those at the bar all the time. It didn't go unnoticed. What a great atmosphere. My husband ordered the pernil, as he does at the bistro. I had the chicken. We were given the chips and salsa, the salsa could use a bit more tang, but over all good. Hubby also ordered the fuego (fuego) margaritha, with jalapenos, chilis and habaneros. He loves hot and boy it made him sweat, so he loved it. I had the mojito, staying on the save, but yet yummy drink, side.We were wondering how they ever got that great chandelier up, must have been a nice job to do :)The place beams with atmosphere and I really hope they will succeed. Groupon is a great way to introduce your business to the people. We would have never found the bistro if not for groupon. We will be back and tell others about this great, little spot.
5	Another groupon purchase, another new restaurant to try that I would not have know about if I had not. And am I ever glad that I found that groupon! This location is in the Esplanade in Phoenix, and there were not many people down there when we went tonight around 7pm. This could either work in their favor, or against it. Could go either way at this point. But it was good for me because I hate waiting for tables and I hate crowded restaurants. Neither of which I had to deal with today. Got in right as we walked in the door, and there were only another 20 or so people in. We sit down and our waitress promptly takes our drink orders. I ordered tea that for some reason tasted like chap-stick. The waitress took it away and off of our bill. Thank you! I also ordered the Hawaiian punch, and HO-LY SHIT! That thing had so much alcohol in it, I am STILL recovering. Half way through the drink and I was pretty much buzzed. And $5 for all alcoholic drinks?? Yes please!So I went with my mom, husband and sister. I got the vegetarian tacos which were really spicy and good. Next time I think though I will get them with the soft taco shells. I was not too crazy about the hard shells. And their beans are amazing!! Have I told you how much I love beans? I especially love vegetarian black beans, and an entire plate of them. SO GOOD! My husband got the baja fish tacos, mom got street tacos I think, and my sister another meat taco. All were happy with their choices. And even though it looks like not that much food, everyone except the half drunk me left food on their plates. They are really filling. Thank god I bought two groupons because I will definitely be coming back here for some more drinks and tacos.
5	This place is AWESOME!! When we went in we didn't have to wait even for a minute (which may be good or bad......hmm).  They seated us right away and took our drink orders immediately.  Upon returning with our drinks they also brought us some pretty delicious chips and salsa that was the perfect amount of spicy.We ordered food and they were more than happy to accommodate our interesting requests.  Our food took the perfect amount of time to come.  Long enough to know it was made well but not so long that we were wondering what the heck was taking so long.  The food was delicious, cooked to perfection, and just enough.  When you order you may wonder if this will be enough food for you, but don't stress, it is more than enough to fill you up.  All taco plates come with rice, beans and two tacos.  I'm not crazy about beans so they were more than happy to replace my beans with rice.  It was DELICIOUS. I had my daughter with me so I did not get to experience the $5.00 drinks but I can guarantee that when I go back (and I will go back) that  I will be jumping on that train right away.
4	My partner and I went on a Living Social coupon, and we really enjoyed it. She had the Fish Tacos and I had the Chicken Tacos.  Both of us felt that the salsa on the table was too spicy. With so many reviews here and other places about the "too hot" salsa, you'd think they'd cut it back a bit. Anyway, that was the only thing we didn't like. The homemade chips were fantastic.The service was on the ball and the food was fresh. As an aside,I don't know why they opened at Esplanade. Management there is supposed to be terrible and there are rumors that the theater will be closing. Houstons has already moved out, Pizza Picazzo closed. But Fuego Tacos is a great addition to the neighborhood. Let's hope that this merchant and others who remain at Esplanade can convince management to take care of the evil smells coming out of the septic and fix the elevators when they break every week. This restaurant deserves a community that will support and nourish it. Good job Fuego Tacos.
5	Came back here a couple weeks ago when my niece was in town. This time, the bartender was our server. I can't remember what my niece had but she gobbled it up so it must not have been bad.... I had the roasted pork that was super good! I ordered another dark and stormy (as I did on my previous visit) but this time it came in a BIGGER glass and was just as strong as it was in the little glass :) and I was driving. So when she came back and asked how the drink was I told her it was good but a bit strong. She made a joke about her drinks being too strong, then brought me the remaining (almost full) can of ginger beer so I could dilute it, which was quite nice.As soon as lent is over, I'm going back!
5	I've read some of the not so glowing reviews about this place and wonder if these people were at a different restaurant.  I have been about 6 times now and never leave disappointed.  I have tried most everything on the menu and haven't experienced a miss yet.  The short rib tacos are heaven on a tortilla, the signature pernil (slow roated pork) can not be missed, the chicken street are amazing and the shrimp are all among my favorites.Great drinks at rockin prices are a big draw and both the red and white sangria are terrific.  Jen behind the bar does a great job.  The waiter Matt sets the standard for service.  Attentive, charming and knowledgable he anticipates your needs before you do. The Esplanade can be a tough location and Fuego Taco is a much needed great addition.  Go today and support this great local business. You will be glad you did.
5	As a huge fan of Fuego Bistro, I was ecstatic to try Fuego Tacos when I heard of its opening. I arrived to Fuego Tacos with fairly high expectations, because of my past experiences at Fuego Bistro. I am also a tough critic when it comes to tacos and pretty much any food of Mexican origin, because I come from a Mexican family and was raised on the U.S./Mexico border.It turns out that Fuego Tacos impressed me just as much as Fuego Bistro. The complimentary chips and salsa were to die for. The chips were made fresh and served warm and the salsa was one of the best of that style that I have had in greater Phoenix. I decided on the Short Rib Barbacoa tacos because of the amazing short rib dish at Fuego Bistro; they were fantastic. I savored every last bite of the sweet, yet slightly spicy barbacoa filled corn tortillas. While I did not get one of the signature Fuego Mojitos, I am sure that they are equally fantastic as those served at Furgo Bistro. I did, however, order the churros served with a warm chili-infused chocolate dipping sauce for for dessert; this was a perfect final touch to the meal. In addition to the high-quality and flavorful cuisine served at Fuego Tacos, the service was absolutely incredible. Our server was attentive, but not so much that we couldn't enjoy the meal. He was also helpful in explaining different menu items to us and was a genuinely fun person; he definitely made my experience. Fuego Tacos has a rustic yet modern ambiance, which suits their innovative approach at a classic Mexican dish. The only thing that would have made this dining experience even more perfect would have been the option of ordering guacamole with the chips and salsa. I would be interested to see what the chefs of the Fuego restaurants could do with this classic appetizer and compliment to tacos.
4	Ambeiance is appealing, service is friendly & attentive. Hawaiian punch is to die for! I highly recommend the fish taco's, very filling. The ONLY negative is the hours, only open till 9 week days and 10 fri & sat.
5	So, I debated long and hard about whether I should write this review. Though I am so much in love with the place that I would gladly give it 10 stars if I could, I also don't want it to become one of those popular places where its hip to be seen, and where the wait times are mythically long. It's definitely one of my fave finds in Phoenix. We decided to check it out on a random weekend with a coupon we got from Groupon. Having visited their big sister restaurant, Fuego Bistro, I knew what to expect, but was floored by the experience, nonetheless. I think this place would be perfect for a date...it's cosy, quiet and the tables have faux candles, so no reason for clumsy/ overly nervous people on their first date to cause a fire!!One thing though, the place is hard to locate. We circled around a bit, with the GPS insisting we had reached our destination, when all we could see were commercial looking buildings, and a hotel. We finally called the restaurant and were asked to drive into the parking lot of the AMC mall, as the entrance was more easily located from there. That's true. But I wish they would put up some signs out front on Camelback. I was a tad annoyed with this, but as soon as I sat down at the restaurant, I was over it. It was quite empty for a Saturday night, with just one other family in there, apart from us, and Jason (I think his name was Jason, and he was the owner) said that was because they were fairly new. He was really charming, and helped me pick items from the menu. I got a red sangria and a combo of pernil asado and the short rib tacos. My friend got the short rib and the carne asada tacos, with beer.I don't think I have ever been as impressed with the flavor of rice and beans in a taco plate, as I was as Fuego. The rice was so flavorsome and fragrant, and the tacos of course were superb. Very tender, juicy and flavorful meat. They were too much for me to finish, so I got leftovers for the next day!Jason was extremely attentive, and offered to replace the bland salsa we got initially, with some fiery hot salsa. And did I mention the chips? They were so warm and fresh! It was a pleasure to be served by someone who has great passion for his restaurant, and is knowledgeable about his food.We sat by a window that overlooked the entrance to the AMC mall (currently closed). It was a nice breezy evening, and everything was just perfect. Jason offered us a tour of the place, but while we were eating, several more people came in, and we decided to take him up on his offer the next time we go to Fuego. And that's going to be very soon!
5	I seriously think this place gets better every time I go! Went again last night. We split the crispy shrimp tacos and the short rib barbacoa. SOOOO good! I like the dressing they put on the shrimp, but the sauce for the barbacoa was also great! This time I veered from my dark and stormy to get a mai tai that was delicioso.and I can't get over how much I LOVE their chips and salsa (normally I couldn't care less about chips and salsa but here I continue to eat them long after I'm full of tacos, rice and beans!)
4	I don't have a lot to say beyond what has already been said, so I'll briefly share a few things my dinner companion and I made note of:The Good- Great looking spot in the esplanade, right off the ground-level parking behind the escalators- Comfortable seating (we sat at a two-top)- Nice, dim lighting- Excellent food.  His chicken street and my barbacoa short rib tacos were outstanding- Free homemade chips and salsa- Nice happy hour pricingThe Bad- The red sangria was horrid. There wasn't any fruit in my friend's glass.  The wine tasted cheap and not at all fruity like a sangria should.- The music belonged in a nightclub, not a casual establishment in CenPho.  Like my friend said, they need to create an identity for this place and play music that suits it, not just blast some loud house crap.- The music was WAY TOO LOUD.We used a $10 Groupon and split the remaining $29 bill.  Great value for two dinner platters and two drinks.  Our waiter, whose name I didn't catch, was friendly, attentive, and made sure our water glasses were always full and checked in on us often, but not too often.I look forward to returning!
4	I have no idea what this place is like at night, or during the weekday lunch rush, but for lunch on a Saturday...it's perfect.  Not very busy, so its easy to get a spot at the small bar, or about any table you would want.  I prefer to sit at the bar during the day.  It's also the best way to get to know a new spot.Tacos are great, but the pernil asada tacos are excellent.  Chips and salsa are fresh and the salsa has a nice kick.Highly reccomend the jalepeno infused margarita.  Amazing how many truly awful margaritas are available in the valley, but they do them very well here.Prices are more than reasonable and the happy hour prices are great.Hopefully this place can be the start of bringing back The Esplanade.
5	So I decided to wait until I wasn't tipsy to write my update of Fuego Tacos. I went again last night for my birthday and had a fantastic meal. The chips that come out when you sit down are warm and fresh and super crispy and they are probably the best chips I have ever had in a restaurant. The salsa is so good and has a really nice kick of spicy that I love. The drinks are super strong, I ordered a Long Island Iced Tea, which I like because I don't drink often (in fact the last time I drank was the last time I was at Fuego Tacos) but when I do drink I want to feel buzzed and these drinks will get you there about halfway through one drink. Either that or I am a super lightweight. The specialty drinks on the menu are $5, but I guess custom drink orders not on the menu are a bit more because my Long Island was $7. Beer I think is $4. I ordered the spicy vegetable tacos again but this time with soft shells, and they were much better. I didn't even finish them this time because I was so full. I also got a full plate of black beans again. They make me happy. My husband got the shrimp tacos and he liked them much better than the fish tacos he got last time. We also ordered the churros and they were delicious. Hot and crispy with what our waiter called a spicy chocolate dipping sauce but I didn't taste anything spicy. Tasted more like bananas to me. But it was good either way. Our waiter was fantastic. He said things like "love it" and it made me laugh. It sad to walk through the Esplanade and it not be busy at all. It seems strange to put this restaurant in this location since it doesn't seem to be doing well. Hopefully they can pull through and are here for a long time because I love this place.
5	This place is hidden in the Esplanade.  I never knew it existed until my Manager mentioned it for our team lunch.  I am always across the street for lunch or dinners.  And boy, I have been missing out!!!  I love the super contemporary and casual feel to the place.  The music made me feel like I was in a nightclub (good tunes and mixes) but it does not suit everyone in our party.  Oh well!  We were greeted immediately and sat upstairs.  The place only had about 6 tables total during the lunch rush (not too good).  The served free homemade chips and salsa.  The chips are warm, fresh, and super super crisp.  I love them.  I didn't even need salsa for the chips.  They are AWESOME!  The best chips I have ever had.  Yes, EVER!  I love the simple menu.  I opted out for the one of the specials, quesadilla with chicken street meat and cheese.  The tortilla was just very good not just like a regular flour store brought kind, this sucka was fresh.  The chicken street meat was the BOMB (slow roasted and braised with garlic clove, rosemary, and citrus juices).  OMG, PARTY in my mouth!  The rest of the party ordered the signature tacos and came with arroz gonulas and Cuban black beans.  The arroz gondulas and Cuban black beans looked so good.  Next time!I am worried about the traffic this place gets, it is was not happen during lunch.  And I am sure it is pretty quite at nights.  Hang in there, I love your food.
2	I almost feel guilty writing this because the service was phenomenal, but the food was blah. (Sorry, Fuegos)I'm not a taco fan and well, I assumed they would have more on the menu than just tacos despite the name. The tacos all seem to come with a sugared cabbage on them which was similar to a purple or red sweet cabbage one finds with some German or Polish food. It didn't blend well with tacos in my palette and we all picked it off of food. Of the 4 of us at happy hour/dinner, only one of us liked her food and even she admitted it may have been because she hadn't eaten all day. The side dish of beans and rice were ok, but I don't go out and pay restaurant prices for beans and rice. Speaking of prices, it is actually very affordably priced, especially considering its location in the Esplanade and surrounded by a few other restaurants with higher prices and worse food. The food can be ordered a la carte and at reasonable enough prices that you can comfortably just go on an ordering binge to sample their small to medium sized menu. The drinks and its trendy atmosphere and the awesome serves make it worth a visit!It's worth noting that there was a private event there that was taking up the entire loft area and spilling downtown onto the main floor area, but the host still gave us a table and our server made it a point to come and spend time with us because she was just that cool. They even waived one of the drinks I ordered because I just didn't like it and let me swap it for another drink, something called the Latin Lover. WOW!!! After that drink, I don't want a real latin lover, just give me more of the drink!!!!
4	Fuego Tacos is a small restaurant with a club type feel that is located in a plaza opposite to Biltmore Fashion Square.  You can actually park at Biltmore Fashion Square, and then take the bridge underneath that leads you to the other side of the street.The restaurant had an new age contemporary feel, and the music and television playing music videos made me feel like I was in a club.  The chips and salsa that we received while waiting for food and drinks was quite unique.  The chips was almost like pita chips, and the salsa tasted like roasted chipotle with a hint of mint chutney type flavor.  My friend got the margarita, which was alright, and I ordered a white sangria.  I have had better sangrias, but it was very soothing in the hot weather.  We each got tacos that came with a side of black beans and rice.  My tacos were good, except they used chicken thigh meat instead of white meat chicken.  I am not a fan of the fattier meats, so I give one star less on my overall rating.Overall, the experience was fun, and I would order maybe a fish or veggie taco next time.
4	Tacos are wonderful, love the sangria you can't go wrong here!
5	Great service, great food, great Margaritas and decor. Absolutly will be back. Very reasonable prices.
5	Had an AMAZING time here! I, of course, forgot our server's name.. I believe it was Matt thought, he was awesome! Really talkative and friendly, but not in your face. He suggested we get this side of corn which was fantastic! Both my husband and I loved the tacos and the chips. We also ordered a white sangria, which our server kindly gave us a tiny sample of the red sangria, which I will be getting next time. Overall great experience. Food was great. Service was great. Atmosphere was great. Price was great.Loved it and will be back soon!
5	One of my favorite taco shops! This place is hidden next to the theatre at the Biltmore. CHEAP prices on alcohol and food. The cream corn is amazing. Service both times I have been there has been outstanding. Their selection of tacos is unique and tasty!
5	Compliments of Groupon I was introduced to Fuego Bistro sometime last year and had the best experience.  The food there is over the top and amazing.........but what stood out to me is the owner came running to our table after we ordered a bottle of wine off the menu and offered us something not on the menu for the same price.  He insisted that he would personally drink it if we did not like it.....we LOVED it, and his passion for his food!  With that and a few more amazing experiences at the Bistro, I was stoked when I saw the Tacos concept pop up.  Again Groupon pulled through with a crazy deal and I had to try it.  Most of the slow-braised meats from the Bistro have migrated over and make amazing tacos that are extremely well proportioned with rice and beans included for about $10, you cannot beat this deal!  The wine list at Fuego Tacos follows the same formula as the Bistro with a focus in S. America and always an interesting Malbec! The beer selection is good and the service has been spot on every time I have gone.  My only critic is that the salsa has been inconsistent from my first visit.  Some days are better than others, but being a frequent visitor it is evident they are tweaking the recipe (I personally would vote for a spicier red traditional salsa as well as an optional charred salsa to compliment the slow cooked meats).  I have been fortunate to watch this place grow up over the month and with each visit it is obvious that the owner listens and fixes.  My family has had a couple restaurants so I know how difficult it is to watch 2 locations and try to get your passion across to each patron when you cannot be in two places at once. Jeff does an amazing job, his kitchen staff puts out some of the best food for the money and the service staff could not be more friendly and accommodating.  I cannot wait to see what the Fuego Family does next (maybe a food truck for events?) and wish them ongoing success!  Oh, don't forget to try the cream corn, it is ridiculous!
4	Great discovery for me!  I popped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  I had the best veggie tacos ever!  They were extremely flavorful and filling.  I don't know the secret to the accompanying rice and beans but they were also on point...just delicious!The only drawback is the size of the place.  Since I dined alone, I sat at the bar.  It wasn't the most comfortable seating but I'd do it again in a heartbeat for those spicy veggie tacos.  I will definitely return to Fuego Tacos.
5	Please, please, PLEASE, whatever you do, do not order the mini vegetarian tostadas they have as a special addition to the menu. They were no bueno. I was expecting the same spicy vegetable mixture as the tacos and it was really bland and boring. And the "chipotle" aoli squirted on top was really gross and just tasted like mayonnaise. It fell apart as I was trying to eat it and I ended up not finishing it. On top of all that, they were $9 with no side!!! What a travesty! I had to spend extra money to get my beloved black beans. However, the latin lover drink was delicious. And I even had a second one. I don't know if there was less alcohol than usual or I am just becoming more tolerant to alcohol because I have never had more than one drink at a time in my life. But the second drink was only $3. Which was nice.
2	We went in about 3:00 for a late lunch/early dinner, and were quite unimpressed.  The music selection was non-stop club, while the flashing lights behind the bar said the same thing.  Didn't mix well with the nice college bar look of the place.  The waiter was brusque.  The food itself was actually ok, I had the pernil burrito and she had the chicken street tacos.  My order was messed up and the food was overpriced, but nothing disastrous as far as the food goes (but nothing special either).Our check was dropped off when we were literally less than halfway through our meal.  That was fairly indicative of the service throughout; I almost felt bad we were such a bother to the poor waiter.  Overall not worth it.  High prices, food notable only for trying to be ostentatious ("maize granules" instead of saying "corn") and rude, lousy service.  I'd return if they bought me a car or something.
3	My daughter and I went there for an early dinner on a Saturday afternnoon.  The tacos were really good.  Megan had beef tacos and some rice and I had the pork tacos and rice.  Of course nothing goes better with tacos than diet coke.  Megan's tacos were great, and mine were good too.  Wasn't real fond of the sweet pineapple salsa on the pork, but I just dug that off after the first bite and poured on the salsa.  The reason for the 3 stars you ask?  Parking absolutely sucks.  I mean it took us as long to park as it did to eat our tacos.  And then of course you have to pay to park, which sucks some more.  Just for that reason, I wouldn't go back.  Move your business, Fuego.
2	I do not like giving mediocre reviews so I will make this short and not so sweet I guess.  Finding the place and parking was a day-mare.  If it were not for a groupon, I would never had gotten further that the parking structure.  Bargain lured me in but did not leave me with the wish to come back.  Service was excellent but the food was just OK and sorry server dude, I appreciate your TLC, but the food needs a lot more of it than you.
2	Weird experience here.  Up until the end everything was pretty fine, okay, mediocre.  The server seemed pretty awesome and the food was filling.  But then things started to get a bit uncomfortable...As a vegetarian, I ordered the veggie tacos. They come with a side of rice and beans - but, the rice has chicken broth in it.  I asked the waiter if I could skip the rice (as its not veg friendly) and just get an extra side of beans instead.  He said that would be a-okay!Once the bill came, I handed over the credit card without checking the bill (I know...my fault there!).  Upon reading the receipt I realized we had been charged $3 for that "extra" side of beans. The waiter got a bit defensive and tried to explain himself, but eventually gave in by pulling out his tip money from his pocket and giving me $3 cash.  It was very awkward to be straight up taking his money like that and made me feel bad/weird. Without that experience, this place would have been given 2.5 - 3 stars.
5	Tacos and Tequila! Try her new Honey Margarita it is pretty good. Of course there was a Groupon Now! offer that I wanted to use. Friends have spoken of this place and said it was as fun as Fuego Bistro (behind Kobalt for all my Folk out there). I Love the tostadas from Bistro. At Fuego Taco the blonde chick behind the bar and the nice sexy looking girl seemed to be the only two working the whole entire restaurant by themselves. At first I was a bitt nervous. Of course I thought service would be terrible because of the limited staff but was I wrong. Our waters were first with a nice little flip of the hair and on to drink recommendations. She mentioned her new margarita and I was tempted to try. Not within 3min she had it at the table. And this drink is very very tasty. We decided on the Carne Asada/Short Rib Barbacoa and would share the two. Both were great but I would pass on the rice next time. I could not thank the two that were working that night. You two were EXCELLENT!!!
3	Nothing special. I got the shrimp taco, it was pretty good for what it was. They had the right concept where it needed to be crispy and not soggy. which is always important.In the end the place was way over priced for not high quality tacos. They didn't ask what type of tortillas i wanted and i got flour...sad day :(the sangria was pre-made, and it wasn't that good.staff was awesome and friendly though.
3	I remember this spot when it was Nixon's and I didn't like the layout back then. I still don't. The tacos are more than acceptable, but not quite worth writing home about. I've had the ground beef and the signature pork pernil. Both tasted fine, but didn't really make me want to recommend the place. I don't get the comments I hear from people about the cost. For $9 or so you get a full plate of two generously-filled tacos, rice and beans. That's not much more (if more at all) than Macayo's or Garcias.So an acceptable choice that might improve with time.
4	I've visited twice recently and was pleased both times.  To me, the atmosphere is more like a quaint, rustic French bistro with a modern flair than it is Mexican, but pleasing, nonetheless.  Pay attention to their hours of operation.  If I had, I would've saved myself a trip on a Sunday, when they're closed.  On one visit, there was only one customer in the restaurant, but that's likely to change once the movie theater upstairs (currently closed for renovations) reopens.  The staff was attentive and friendly.  In fact, if you're nice, the guy behind the bar may tell you a funny story about a trip he once made to a local movie theater!My friend tells me the nachos (served warm) and salsa were very good and the Taco Salad was crisp and cool.  I opted for the Carne Asada burrito which was very flavorful with its brown sugar and "hot and sweet onion pepper relish".  Both entrees were large enough for leftovers to take home.  If you decide to stop in, be sure to treat yourself to the Empanadas (served in a pair.)  My only gripe is that the menu states they are made of "Flaky puff pastry" when mine seemed more like deep fried tacos.  Overall, I loved the dish.  Don't be fooled by what looks like Buffalo wing sauce topping.  It's actually a "Yucatan BBQ sauce" which makes this a terrific sweet and salty dish (a plus in my book).  If you're looking for traditional Mexican, you'll probably be disappointed, but if you're enthused by trying new and creative food, it'll be right up your alley.Prices are fair to moderate, but worth it, especially when you factor in Happy Hour discounts.  They're even better with Groupon!Tip: Parking is conveniently located steps away in the garage behind the facility.  Be sure to get "validated" before leaving the restaurant and your parking fee is waived!
3	I went to a late lunch on a Saturday and the Esplanade area was quite dead (I'm surprised because in the old days ('98-'99), I remember it to be pretty 'happening'). Anyway, I liked the atmosphere inside - dark, private, cozy, cool.  It seemed like a trendy spot, too.  Meal: ordered the sweet potato fries and the 2 pernil tacos.  I was not really impressed with the tacos - they were OK.  The sweet potatoe fries were OK also (a bit over-fried).  The mojito I ordered (which by the way, ALL were recommended to me by our server - blue eyed, shaved head, male, VERY awesome) was DISgusting.  I didn't honestly have the heart to complain about it because he was so nice and I kinda felt bad for the business (it seemed a bit dead when we arrived). So, in short, I wouldn't mind giving it another try (maybe it was an off day) just because our server was awesome, but since it's quite a drive for me, I likely won't waste my time driving to give it a 2nd shot. I really wanted to like the tacos...
4	Being HUGE fans of Fuego Bistro, we had high hopes for this place.  I always dread the all too common "grow too fast you end up sucking at both restaurants" syndrome so I was a bit hesitant walking into th door.Luckily I was very happy with the experience.The tacos (the reason to go here, don't even remember other menu items!) pretty amazing. I had the ribeye tacos and an extra shrimp taco. My lady had the chicken.Now, i'm pretty much a sucker for Chelsea's Kitchen's rib eye taco.  I can happily say I now have two places to enjoy them.Service was good, attentive, and friendly.I hope they do well, considering they are in mostly empty shopping area with only the AMC and a french cafe being their only neighbors.The place was pretty packed for a tuesday night however. The happy hour seems pretty popular.The music was the only drawback.  However, I'm just a crabby bastard and don't like house music.I'll be back again, I might have to bring earplugs however.
5	Fuego has a killer happy hour, mojitos with freshly muddled mint and great food. Try barbacoa tacos that are braised in Dr.. Pepper and ask for a side of corn along with your beans and rice.Topping it off their wait staff is pretty great.
4	Awesome tacos!!! Very good margaritas!  Need more?
5	They know how to make delicious FLAVORFUL FOOD!!  BARBACOA taco is a must!!!
4	It's been two days now, and I still don't understand it. First, what you want to know. The food is great, service is friendly and accomodating. We had nachos, carne asada and pork shoulder tacos and even cubano sandwiches, all good. Great server too. Kudos.What I can't understand it... I show up with two other adults and a child. We're told a table won't be ready for 20 minutes (the big one in the middle with a sign on it? I don't know, the website says no reservations and when I called 30min earlier I wasn't asked if I wanted to make one). OK fine, we'll sit at the bar and drink. Three adults, three alcoholic drinks. One kid, one kid drink. But then, the bartender tells me 'i'd prefer you didn't sit at the bar if you're waiting for a table, people are gonna come in and want to sit at the bar to drink.' Wha? What am I doing? And the $20 I'm spending here doesn't count? And I'm gonna order food too, they're not! So you want a 4 meals and drinks off your bar just in case someone comes in? She didn't see my point, and she was clearly busy (not making drinks for people at the bar, but for PEOPLE EATING FOOD AT TABLES).Fortunately, a table came available upstairs and we took our wonderment (and our mojitos with wonderful mint) with us to dinner, which we enjoyed (and even took some home, which we enjoyed again).I'll be back, even without a Groupon (note, that's why we were there), and maybe even just to sit at the bar for an hour or so, lingering over a single drink, but not eating anything, just like the bartender wants. But I still don't understand it.
2	(To the owner of Fuego Tacos: I am so sorry for doing this because I LOVE Fuego Bistro, it is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix!) I don't see this place lasting very long. Both times I have been here it has been pretty dead. The trance techno was blazing loud and the club atmosphere did not make for a enjoyable dining experience.  I ordered the pernil asado and the short ribs barbacoa tacos. While Fuego Bistro has both on their menu, there must have been something lost in the translation at this location. In addition to the teeny tiny portions of meat on my tacos, they were covered in a pound of cheese. The menu boasts an oaxacan cheese blend, I was expecting a light sprinkle, but instead I was given a pound of cold cheese.  The chips were also stale, the only saving grace was the salsa, which was pretty delectable. I was underwhelmed with both the atmosphere and food. Perhaps if you are just dropping in for a quick bite between bars this is a go to spot, but for a sit down leisurely meal I would go elsewhere.
5	The staff here is awesome, especially at the bar! We asked the chef about what she put in the empanadas to make them so great; she was super nice and personable, not to mention forthcoming. Even though I really like Fuego Bistro (same owners), I have to admit all the food here really has that extra something (maybe it's the chef? Hells ya.) Also, the decor and ambiance at Tacos caters to a more trendy, urban customer. Tacos is more polished, slightly funky, and modern; whereas the bistro is a more traditional Caribbean-style place. I love their Sangrias, especially the red one. Still the spiced pear sangria is very interesting. It doesn't taste exactly like what you'd expect, but worth a try. RECOMMENDATION: Come for their happy hour and TRY EVERYTHING!
4	I really like this restaurant.  It has the unfortunate disadvantage in being in a really bad loacation, the Esplanade is really only commercial offices now, and is not really a great place for foot traffic and parking.  Nevertheless, this restaurant is worth parking in the garage and trying out.  The decor is a great place to stop and get a drink.  There are several tvs and always has some decent music playing in the background.  I must say that if I did not have a groupon here, I would probably give this place 3 stars, as it is a little overpriced for tacos.I have eaten several items here  the pernil asado tacos, short rib barbacoa, and the nachos.  Personally, my favorite item is the short rib barbacoa.  The spices are a great mixture and the meat is very moist and tender.   The pernil asado is good, but not my favorite.  The nachos are a good choice for a lot of food.  But they are really known for the tacos.The chips and salsa are also really good.Overall, I will return to this place, but definitely not the best tacos in the country.  Good but not the best.
4	I like the vibe here nice bar area a few tables downstairs and a few upstairs. Gracious and attentive staff that got me seated right away and my entree out quickly. I ordered the Short Rib Barbacoa made up of Angus fork tender short ribs braised in a liquid base pineapple, soy, chipotle and Dr. Pepper served with a pineapple habanero hot sauce with black beans and rice on the side.  I guess there is something to be said about eating street tacos in a sit down establishment you are not so rushed and you can actually enjoy your meal, . Which I did and I will be back to try other dishes; the staff was great even  the owner checked on me during my meal I was offered parking validation twice who doesn't love that.
5	I love this place!  Make sure Matt is your bartender - such a great personality and he makes excellent recommendations!  The pernil asado tacos are quite tasty.  Try a side of the creamed corn too...you will not be disappointed!
2	I was so excited to try out this new place for restaurant week. It's really hard to find...but cute inside once you get there. My party of 4 had reservations, but we still had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. Our server brought us glasses of sangria (we didn't even notice at first that sangria came with the restaurant week menu, yay for free drinks!) Their red wine sangria was really good, with a nice star anise flavor. For restaurant week, you split an appetizer with your dining companion, each had an entree (either 2 tacos or 1 burrito) and share dessert. We started with the taco salad, which was really tasty and spicy. I liked the chipotle ranch dressing and strips of tortilla on the top. I ordered the shrimp and barbacoa beef tacos - it said the beef is braised in Dr. Pepper. Interesting...they were out of shrimp and had to sub fish. The tacos came wrapped in 2 little corn tortillas, but they still fell apart when you pick them up. They were stuffed with things...but overall lacked flavor. I didn't finish either taco. We asked at this point for chips and salsa, which were brought out but horrible. I think we all ate one (burned) chip, with really thick, tomato-ey salsa with no freshness or kick.At least you can't mess up dessert, right? I think it was a churro, but I wouldn't know because they were out. This happened the first day of restaurant week, about 730pm. They obviously didn't plan for restaurant week very well, because we didn't get dessert or and shrimp tacos. The waitress offered to get us another glass of sangria for dessert, but by this time we wanted to leave. Skip it.
4	The food is outstanding and the service is wonderful. A bit crowded but not sure if that is typical of the establishment or because it is Az Restaurant Week. We used a Groupon so it was dead cheap. The regular prices are pretty reasonable too. The restaurant is pretty. The only draw back is there is nowhere to wait. On the way out the door we had to fight to leave because the folks waiting were blocking the exit. With this place (and my other favorite, Gallo Blanco) I could learn to like Mexican food!
4	I tried this restaurant for Arizona Restaurant Week. I really like this restaurant. The atmosphere is awesome, small, nice decor, nice music, and great customer service. Fuego Tacos has a great bar that offers an array of drinks, the food is superb. The offer for Restaurant Week was a three course meal with a glass of sangria. My husband and I loved our meal. We started with the taco salad, made with fresh ingredients and extremely flavorful. The chipotle dressing was the perfect amount of heat, we chose to have the salad made with the Pernil Asado. A perfect choice, heavenly! For the main course I had the Pernil Asado tacos. I LOVE this meat, so tender and has outstanding flavor. My husband had the Barbacoa tacos and we were not as impressed with this particular meat choice. The dessert was churros with ancho fudge sauce. I was not at all impressed with this dessert. The fudge sauce lacked ancho chile flavor, which was a complete disappointment. I would have preferred some heat.Overall, I loved the restaurant, the food and the customer service.  I will definitely go back again.
3	Just had a quick bite to eat here. Thought their platters were half off after 5 on Tuesday. Not so! anyway went with the short rib tacos with pineapple and habanero. Good not great. Husbands carne asada was perfect and divine. Pretty busy there with one server and u get complimentary chips and salsa (great!) Definitely worth going back for again.
5	Did I know that Fuego Tacos boasted the best Pernil Asado tacos in Phoenix? Nope. Did I try them? Yep. Were they really the best? Hell yes. I could not believe how flavorful and juicy the meat was, and it was topped with a light pineapple salsa and sugar cured cabbage to complement it perfectly! I love how simple (yet cool) this taco joint is. You can order pernil asado, carne asado, chicken, fish, shrimp, or vegetable... and you can have it in two tacos or one big ole' burrito! The chips and salsa served when you are first seated were also equally amazing. The chips were hand made and very fresh and the pureed salsa had just the right amount of spice to it!
5	We came here on a Friday night after the recommendation of one of my husband's colleague who's quite the foodie. The host recognized that we were in "date night" mode and got us a table upstairs away from the bar scene and loud music. The ambiance upstairs was great. Later in the evening, someone from the restaurant came by to see if we needed our parking lot ticket validated. We had completely forgotten about it at that point and were thankful for the reminder and their great customer service.We were both very happy with what we ordered. I loved the shrimp tacos. A word to others who are sensitive to spicy food - make sure to ask your server about the spiciness of some of the items. Everything there was delicious Make sure to save some room for the churros/chocolate dip dessert.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect going on, but overall I was pretty satisfied.  The tacos are well done, with lots of interesting options influenced by different cuisines (think carnitas in Dr. Pepper).  Mexican food purists would be turned off by this place, but it's a fun joint to get a good couple of tacos.  The staff is a bit on the trendy side but overall is attentive.The atmosphere is interesting and is a bit disjointed between the food they are serving, but it's still pleasant.  A fun place to get in and get out with some nice food.
3	Didn't know how much I'd like this place, but was pleasantly surprised. Meal started with good chips and great spicy salsa. We came during Happy Hour but some of our dishes ended up not being on the HH menu, a few we found out when we got the bill..grr  We started with the empanadas ($6 on the HH menu) that were awesome! Great pork with some type of light BBQ sauce, just awesome. We also ordered my son's nachos off of the HH menu. The menu says your choice of meats but when my son chose Carne Asada, we were told that the HH nachos only had the option of cheese or pork. He went with the pork, and they were good nachos but how difficult would that be to put on the menu??  I went with the short rib barbacoa tacos ($10) that were very good, I'd definitely get them again. My wife chose the Purist (ground beef, sour cream and cheese). Her tacos were not very good, the meat was WAAAY underseasoned and just not very good. I ended up giving her one of my tacos, which was fine because each plate comes with black beans and rice, very good version I have to add. We also ordered the HH sangria that was $5. When we asked what types they had, our server listed them out and we  both chose the blackberry. Come the bill, we realized our sangrias were off the regular menu and had to shell out an additional $8 between the two drinks. The bill was still reasonable, but we both def would have opted for HH drinks. All in all, nice place with pretty good service and pretty good food. I'd give it another shot.
4	Ok, so I have seen Groupons for this place for quite some time now, so I decided to give in and see what it was all about.  We were greeted by a super friendly host who was quick to help us to our table.  Our server was helpful with the menu, though her pre-bussing skills could use some help.  She brought us their complimentary chips and salsa (salsa was pretty hot but had good flavor) and I really enjoyed the chips.  Got some freshly made guac to go with the chips, as my mouth couldn't take anymore spice...was good but had a lot of black pepper in it. So, their menu has several different taco options which you can pick and choose (two different tacos or two of the same, rice and beans) or you can get it as a burrito.  My girlfriend and I both decided to get the vegetarian burrito, which were very good, but very filling! The place had a great vibe and I will definitely keep them in mind next time I want a burrito!
4	service here is outstanding. again, outstanding. spicy veggie tacos are interesting and satisfying. i had the jalapeno margarita and found out i am a freaking wimp when it comes to spicy... the sangria however, is amazing and i love it. i think about it often.
4	Great salsa very spicy and different from the norm since it's traditional mexican food.  It's very tasty and a cute intimate little restaurant in a small shopping mall.  Has a great little bar as well as an area great for meeting up with friends and a 2nd floor loft area with additional seating.
3	The Jalapeno Margarita was good. I also had the spicy veggie tacos which were served cold, I wasn't expecting that but they were still good. I have to say that the salsa that comes with chips was so spicy I really couldn't taste anything else. Service was good too.
2	BE CAREFUL if you are going to use any of their "deals"!  I was using 2 Daily Deal vouchers, I bought one for me and one for my Mom to use.  The deal states one per person, not per table, but they would only let us use one. The tacos were delicious, but the experience soured me.
3	After countless times experiencing how amazing Fuego Bistro is I decided to try the little sister restaurant Fuego Tacos.  Sadly I was not as impressed.  As long as you have a groupon or Yelp coupon then sure go enjoy have a good time but the prices on the menu just aren't worth it.  If I was going to pay that much for a couple tacos I would just go to Fuego Bistro and pay a little more for an amazing meal.  Now don't get me wrong the meats are the same on a few things and they still are great in taste, but I just prefer the real thing I guess.
5	We went here with a $25 certificate from restaurant.com and this place is amazing, I have been back twice since we first tried it a week prior. We had the Cubano Sliders, the Empanadas, the Pernil Asado tacos, the Short Rib Barbacoa tacos and the Carne Asada tacos. Hands down, my absolute favorite dish would have to have been the Cubano sliders, rolls filed with ham(real ham, not lunchmeat), pulled pork, swiss, dijon mustard( which tastes like it has horseradish in it, very strong so be warned) and served with a slide of fantastic sweet potato fries, by far the best sweet potato fries I have had in a long time. The Empanadas were savory and delicious, the best kind of empanada is one filled with meat.  The Pernil Asado, was my favorite of the three tacos we tried, not spicy like the short rib, but juicy, sweet and savory. The Short Rib was delicious as well, but spicy, the lingering kind of spicy, so be prepared. I was told that this place was considered "mexican food" but from experiencing even just the appetizers I would say it's way more Cuban than Mexican.
3	Food was ok - not bad, not great.  I had the Pernil Asado tacos and the Short Rib Barbacoa tacos.  The service was excellent.  I would dine there again.
5	Best tacos in Phoenix! I spent a summer in Guadalajara, Mexico, and these tacos remind me of a gourmet version of their street tacos. Soooo delicious! I go here at least once a week! I recommend the Pernil tacos and the Carne Asada, but I just recently tried the Empenadas and found them to be the tastiest that I've ever had. The people are great there and the cocktails are exceptional. They have some very unique cocktails like one with wasabi, but also have old favorites such as house-brewed sangria. Come at Happy Hour when everything is really cheap: $3 tacos and $6 cocktails.
4	Went for happy hour...had the barbacoa and shrimp tacos a la carte, and the sweet potato fries.  Great fries, even better tacos. YUM! Great prices too.  $3/ea during happy hour. Cool ambiance.
5	Five Star Food!!! -hidden under Esplanade Theater the chips & salsa will blow your mind and are a fabulous way to prepare you for what's about to hit your pallet when your order arrives!!! -ITS A MUST DO!
5	We went out of our way to visit Fuego Tacos, since I bought a deal off of Groupon, and we were blown away. If you want to compare the pricing to Filiberto's or any of the low end restaurants, the price will disappoint you, but in comparison to other restaurants of it's ranks, the price is more than adequate! The complimentary chips come with an amazing salsa. The service was quick and our server was amiable. It is a very cute and intimate atmosphere, and I definitely loved that they had extra seating on their second floor. I loved the charcoal grilled taste of my carne asada burrito! It is definitely a place to visit if you find yourself near the Esplanade Theater.
4	We really enjoyed our meal at Fuego tacos. So much so that I can't wait to go back. Its a really cute little space in the Esplanade with very nice employees and excellent quesadilla's, taco's and burrito's. I only wish they had a more extensive menu. If they add enchilada's I would love it. The best meat I have had thus far is their pork, and I'm not even a pork person. It reall is that amazing. Check it out and see for yourself!
5	Not all Mexican food is the same and Fuego's was a testament to it. Those two tacos took me out of a restaurant setting and placed me in a private cookout. They were fresh and delicious!
1	Do Not Eat Here !!! The waiter was soo rude to my son, he made him cry. My son moved his chair to sit closer to me and the waiter yelled at him to "sit down, stay  there, and be quiet and if you touch me again you are going to need your mommy!" my four year old was just trying to move closer to me because he hadn't seen me all day. We were appalled on how rude he was. Who says that to a child! I get it, it's not a kid place, we weren't looking for a kids menu and crayons but we did nothing to get treated like that. That is not how customers should ever be treated and we will never return with or without the kids
4	Although it was a bit difficult to find, once we found it, we were pleasantly pleased.  The meal was worth the menu prices and the service was decent.  Be sure to ask them to validate your parking.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was due to the broom and mop being stored in plain sight along with a high chair....sort of gave the place an iHop feel when it really isn't necessary.
4	I wish I would've known about this little gem a long time ago. Yesterday's lunch at Fuego Tacos was downright wonderful!I had the Purist Ground Beef taco and the Short Rib Barbacoa, and both were top-notch! The flavors are fresh and fabulous, and very different than the traditional shredded cheese and lettuce that one tends to find.The restaurant itself is located in the now-deathly quiet Esplanade Center in Phoenix, right accross the street from the Biltmore Shopping Center. And parking requires either a valet or a parking structure, which isn't my first choice when going to a restaurant, but with food this good, it's worth the effort!The service was excellent, and our waiter was very funny and entertaining, as well as providing very fast service. I'm definitely going again, soon, and will try a burrito on my next visit!
5	I love this restaurant.  I took a friend for her birthday and she loved it, too.  Then I took two more friends.  They LOVED it.  The service was fabulous.  The ground beef tacos are the best I have ever eaten and I eat tacos alot because Mexican food is my husband's favorite.  I cannot wait to take him there next time.
4	Have to give this place some serious love. Went with my 15-yr-old son and enjoyed the place a lot.Ground Beef Tacos - totally scrumptious.  Best thing we had.  They do hard tacos RIGHT.Pernil Pork Tacos - very tasty also.  Tender meat some super-tasty seasonings.Chips and Salsa - way above average.Service - excellent in every way, friendly and there when we needed something.Black Beans and Rice - a little more seasoned than you usually get.Definitely going to hit 'em up again.  The only drawbacks were that the price is a little higher than normally expected, but they have a huge lease payment I'm sure, with that location.  And the parking is a pain too - ticketed (free with validation however) garage only or across the street.
5	Am a huge fan of this eatery!!! The owners hit the jackpot when they brought Chef Holly in from Ticoz. My very favorite thing on the menu is the Blackened Tilapia Ceaser ..... amazing! All the Street Tacos are deeelish ......especially the Pernil Pork and Chicken! The chips are not too greasy or salty and the salsa is roasted and exploding with flavor. I am always blown away by the service and love the atmosphere! It's already a good value for dining but you can get promotions if you are on Living Social or Groupon.
1	I first have to say that this is the first negative review I've ever written.  EVER.  Not because I think everywhere I go is amazing but before Fuego Tacos I'd never been to anywhere bad enough to feel compelled to warn the rest of the dining public.  My husband and I went took a friend who was visiting from out of town here for dinner on a Monday night.  There were only a half a dozen other people eating in there at the time, and the two members of staff on duty - one waitress and a bartender - were idling near the door. We should have known something was wrong the minute we walked in.  But it wasn't until we actually sat down that I realized nobody in there was talking.  They were all looking down, pushing their food around their plates, not saying a word.  The atmosphere soon explained itself when we got our first taste of the abrupt "service" followed by the dismal tacos.  For a place that hypes its own happy hour so much I expected them to have a decent drink selection.  Like, say, more than just sangria or a margarita with a chili pepper in it...  Even so I asked the bartender, who acted as our server, for a recommendation.  He shrugged his shoulders and didn't say a single word to me in response.  This was the freaking bartender!! It only got worse from there.  Despite the fact that the place was dead he rushed us to place our order and wandered away while my husband was in mid-sentence, resulting in him getting the carne asada in taco form rather than  burrito-style like he wanted.  The food itself was a bad joke.  Not just mediocre - actually bad.  All the tacos were completely tasteless except for a heaping pile of cabbage that tasted like it had been marinated in red hot candies.  It was sickeningly sweet and had an overpowering artificial cinnamon flavor.  Even if it hadn't tasted terrible the portions were small and over-priced. It sounds dramatic but the experience really was bad enough to affect our entire evening.  I was so embarrassed...I couldn't apologize enough to my friend.  You couldn't pay me to go back to Fuego Tacos ever again.
4	My wife and I originally went last Sunday only to find it closed. But since I had a Groupon deal I purchased last month, we went back Wednesday night to cash it in. And we're so glad we did. Kind of hidden in a shopping mall with movie theaters upstairs, we were quickly seated and served our drinks with chips and salsa. My wife ordered the fish tacos (2) with rice and black beans. Tacos and rice were both good. Black beans so-so. I ordered the Cuban sliders. 3 mini sandwiches w/ham, cheese, and a Cuban seasoned beef - oh so good - with a side of sweet potato fries. Wasn't a fan before. But now I am. Fries were hot and crunchy. I could only put down 2 and took 1 back to our hotel for breakfast Thursday. Would definitely return for another meal when in PHX again.
5	Great service from Nikki, awesome tacos, especially the Baja Fish and Carne Asada. Also the new tres leches was the best I have ever had. Great restaurant all together.
2	I really wanted to love this place. I've heard great things about Fuego Bistro and always wanted to try both restaurants. This was the biggest disappointment I have had at a restaurant in a long time. The service was horrible. The hostess was more interested in chatting with the bartender than seating us. Once the hostess finally acknowledged us and came to seat us she informed us that they were closing in 30 minutes and we needed to order right away. This was at 8:20pm on a Saturday night! She turned away another party later at 8:50pm by saying the kitchen was closed for the evening. As of writing this the website still says they are open til 10pm. If I were the owner or manager I would have fired this hostess/waitress on the spot. As this was our first time here we wanted to try several different tacos. We ordered short rib, carne asada, and shrimp tacos. The shrimp used were small tasteless. The short rib tacos were awkwardly sweet. I'm not sure they always taste like that or if it was just a bad batch. I would definitely not order them again. The carne asada was good. The rice was obviously the last of the pot. It was dry and crusty like it had been stuck on the bottom of the pot all day. I would have been even more disappointed if I had paid full price. We used a restaurant.com certificate. Regardless, it was not worth the visit.
4	I really have to gush about this place!I had a business meeting, and we were supposed to meet at the Merc. Their signage was completely wrong and they never opened when they said they were going to. So, we walked around the corner and saw Fuego Tacos.I've been to the Bistro once, so I knew it was a safe place to go. It was just after 5 and the place was about half-full downstairs. I noticed the upstairs was empty. I asked if we could sit up there and we were given our choice of tables.Our server was amazing! He immediately brought us chips and salsa and took our drink orders. He brought me two drinks! I'm ok with that, because usually I'm used to having servers who don't keep up with my drinks. (Diet Coke, FYI)The chips were freshly made, and the salsa was good. We ordered a plate of nachos to share with pork on top. It's one of the best plates of nachos I've had in a very long time. We all devoured them.As I was getting up to leave, our server brought me a Diet Coke in a to-go cup. I didn't even ask for it but wow! I'm going back, most definitely. The prices were reasonable and there was a good crowd in there. Oh, and they were playing 80s music. That pretty much gives the place 500 cool points.
5	Finally decided to try out Fuego tacos and was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED.... that I didn't come sooner. First I have to say that Matt (our waiter) was awesome. Attentive, nice, accommodating, and friendly. I say this because it is just about opposite of my experience everywhere else I go. I just assumed that it's normal for your waiter to be snarky and ignore their customers. He seems to prove that theory wrong. I'm usually cheap and give out only a 10-12% tip for the usual lack of service I receive, but Matt earned the full 20.Awesome just doesn't come close to describing the meal. It started with the salsa and chips and kept going all the way through dessert. I know it's usually chips an salsa, but the real star there is the salsa, so you have to say it first. Ordered a carne asada quesadilla, which came dressed with a chipotle dipping sauce, the quesadilla was great by itself and extreme when complimented with the chipotle dip. Wife and I shared both the pernil (pork) and shirt rib barbacoa (beef) tacos, either way you choose it, it's a great dish. Although I did like the short rib tacos slightly better than the pork. The tacos come with sides of both rice and black beans. I've made black beans before, and they don't even compare. Like trying to compare a huffy bicycle to a Ducati motorcycle - they just don't. Our meal was followed up with a slice of cake covered with a mango and pineapple reduction. I will definitely be back sooner rather than later.Expect to pay about $12 - $14 per plate after tax / tip, a few more if you order drinks, apps, and / or dessert.If you've read any of my other reviews, you might just know that I'm driven by good food with a great value, and as such. You can find usually grab a deal on (choose one) $5for$10 on yelp / groupon, or $25off$35 from restaurant-com; yes I did use a deal for myself. While normally you can feel the glares of the wait staff whenever you pull out your coupon, Matt made us feel like it was no big thing and was happy to serve us! I had such a good experience, that I might even consider **gasp** coming without a coupon **/gasp*
4	My husband and I went into Fuego Tacos today for the first time. Matt, our bartender, was awesome, super attentive and reminded us that it was happy hour (it starts at 2 here, yay!). We tried a few different kind of tacos...the carne asada was definately our fave but they were all good. I loved the space and vibe of the restaraunt itself. Cant wait to go back!
4	My wife and I have been waiting to try out Fuego Tacos.  We finally did on a Wednesday afternoon, and bonus - Happy Hour was going on when we arrived (starts at 2pm).  We were not disappointed and Matt, our bartender, gave excellent service as well as taco recommendations.We had the Pernil, Carne, Chicken Street, Fish, and Barbacoa (don't judge us, it boasts tacos and we wanted to sample them).  My favorite was the Carne Asada.  If your a fan of America's Carne, Fuego is giving them a run for the money.  The chips and salsa were great, home made chips mind you.  The runner up for our favorite taco was the Pernil.Needless to say, we'll be back.  Thank you Matt and thank you Fuego, a gem in the now dismal Esplanade.  P.S.  Make sure to validate your parking before leaving Fuego.
5	Especially in Phoenix where everything is so spread out, it's fantastic that you can find great food within walking distance of your hotel. Both the service and food at Fuegos is "tip top" in the words of a former mentor of the Stache. Both the manager Matt and the bartender Maureen were excellent and couldn't have been nicer. The tacos were excellent and I would recommend the ground beef, pernil and chicken as 3 solid choices. Overall, great food, even better service and extremely reasonable prices.
5	I would have never known this place existed- but I found out about the greatness that is Fuego Tacos through a HomeRun offer. The chips and salsa were stellar, and I tried the pernil taco and the carne asada. I preferred the carne asada. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other tantalizing tacos! I also had a great drink with Jack Daniels! I will definitely be coming back. NOTE: You must remember to have Fuego validate your parking, or you will be charged.
3	I was really looking forward to giving Fuego Taco a try, so perhaps my expectations were too high, but my experience was lacking somehow.... The Hubs, a friend, and I headed down to the esplanade to give Fuego Taco a whirl - we've been to Fuego Bistro a couple time and love it, so we figured we would also love the Taco version.  First off, loved the inside of the restaurant.  It's very cosy feeling and almost log cabin like, but not really... just made me feel that way.  We sat upstairs, which was a little odd feeling so close to the ceiling, but overall I liked the vibe.As far as the food goes, it was OK.  We liked the chips and salsa.  I wasn't a fan of my moscow mule adult beverage, but that could have been bad choosing on my behalf.  I had one pork taco and one beef.  Both were ok, but didn't WOW me.  Overall, I'd say I might go back if I'm in the area, but I won't be craving a return visit.
4	We went here because we had a Living Social deal and are always in the mood to try something new.  Granted, we went an hour before closing so the service was lackluster but the food was delicious!  I had the chicken street tacos which were so juicy and moist I didn't know what to do with myself.  The chicken was tender and flavorful and unlike any street taco I'd have before.  Their house rice is super yummy with the added cheese.  Their house chips and salsa are yummy although the salsa is on the spicy side.  We would definitely come back.
1	*ZERO STARS*!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED IN MANAGEMENT!!!  Yeah, would have loved to try it..even bought a Living Social coupon for it. BUT The coupon expired today. So , I called and asked to speak to the Manager to see if they would honor it...the teenage sounding hostess who answered the phone says, "Sorry the manager says, we don't honor expired coupons!".....really...it expires today and you can't honor this, we've never been there and it's already been paid for?...So this foodie and her party of 6 won't ever try it, and will tell friends not to go there as well. Because of the printer it was hard to tell if it expired today or the 28th..but, regardless with the economy the way it is and restaurants sitting empty...Fuego Tacos should have opened their arms to these 6 hungry paying customers.The coupon was only for $10.00...with all of us wanting to drink Margarita's and have appetizers and then some tacos. Tacos are $3.00 each we would of had 2 each, plus at least one if not two Margaritas per person at $5.00 each, plus some guacamole at $4.00. Let's do the math: 6 people eating 12 tacos = $36.00 + drinking 6 to 12 Margarita's =$30.00 to $60.00 and 2 orders of Guac = $8.00 . Total $104.00!! w/o tax and tip. Plus also..some of the people wanted to buy a full size lunch and not Tacos...so add in another $30.00. So basically, because of your uneducated management style and practices... FUEGO TACOS lost more than $150.00 plus tax and tip for lunch on a party of 6!..not too mention the whole...one person scorned will tell at least 20 people x 6 = 120 ( which is a low estimate considering the internet and facebook) people will now, know how cheap and stupid Fuego Tacos are...no matter how good your tacos might have been. Hope your M.O.D. (manager on duty) feels proud. OLE`...copying to Yelp!!P.S...so now I see the same coupon deal being offered by Yelp...with their expiration lasting a whole year, instead of the 4 months my coupon had on it. Nice!/// now I KNOW.. the Management is inexperienced!!
4	Vegi and fish tacos were awesome.  Service was excellent.  Drinks were stiff if a tad expensive, but happy hour is hard to beat.  Will be back next time I'm in Tempe.
5	Just a quick update on something I tried on my most recent visit:The sauce served with the sweet potato fries is the best s.p.f. sauce I've ever tasted.  I'd go back JUST for that side dish, except everything else is good also.
4	Good Burros yes burros I like the tacos ordered with flour tortillas they roll it all up in a Burro and Yumm I have sampled most of the burros depending on mood but all are very good.
4	OK, the place is a little awkward and is a spacial nightmare. It feels weird to be seated in some areas, like you are jammed in, but the tacos make up for it. Never had bad service, but I have had to get someone's attention before for another beer or refill. Chips and Salsa and awesome! The Carne Asada tacos are the bomb! The Sangria is good too. The beer is always cold and Happy hour is awesome! Perfect place to eat before a movie at the AMC. They have the same great empanadas like Fuego Bistro, which are really good. Overall, I am happy to go back.
2	Blah. Tacos and empanadas are not up to par. I would not even compare it to the Filbertos on every corner of Phoenix. Very Americanized tacos, which lacks flavor and spice.
3	The chips and salsa were awesome!  Maybe thats why I was disappointed in my chicken street tacos.  I was expecting more flavor.  I'm interested to see how I like the other dishes.  I would go back just for the chips and salsa and one of their specialty drinks.
5	Best tacos EVER!  Pernil tacos was AH-MAZING!  My hubby had the short rib barbacoa taco and a fish taco.  He enjoyed both. Chips and salsa were great!  Nice thick chips and tasty salsa.Our server, Matt was top notch.  He knew the menu, and he made some great suggestions.This may be my new favorite restaurant!
3	My fiance and I tried to try out Fuego Tacos for the first time this past Saturday night  just before 9:00pm and were turned away because they were closed.  This, despite the fact that their website says they are open until 10:00pm on Saturday.  When I asked the host about this, he said: "Yeah, I know.  Sorry about that."  Another reviewer had nearly the same experience (Patrick) in April.  So two months later, the website is still wrong.  Such an easy thing to fix, and so disappointing when you are excited to try a new place.Please, please update the website to reflect your current hours!  I will stop by and try out Fuego Tacos another time, and update my review accordingly
4	Yummy taco joint!  I stopped in here for a little happy hour action just last week... Their happy hour is a loooonng one, runs from 2-6pm!  Margs, sangria and their specialty cocktails are all $5, beers are on special and there's a good selection of food priced for happy hour.  Of the two tacos I ordered, I would HIGHLY recommend the pernil asado. That pork and mango salsa are fantastic! I liked the chicken street taco too, but it didn't stand a chance following that pernil asado.  Their guacamole should be renamed guaca-peno-mole as it was high in jalapenos and so spicy that my nose was running after 3 chips... Don't get me wrong, it was tasty and I ate nearly the whole order.  =)  It also made me finish my margarita in record time!  Fuego Tacos has a sangria remix (both red & white mixed) that was pretty good too. The white sangria lightened up the heavy red a lil bit and made it just perfect for a hot afternoon.  There's another couple tacos I want to try as well as the Sangria-Rita (margarita with a float of red sangria), so I will be back!
4	Great food and friendly servers. I think I even met the owner a couple times. Everybody is super nice. I absolutely LOVE the chips & salsa. The salsa is made fresh daily, and is usually a bit different every time you go. Not different in a bad way, just different. More chunky, less chunky. More spicy, more sweet, etc. The tacos are great, especially the barbacoa taco! My fav! The ambiance is on the modern side with club/down tempo music playing on occasion, but nothing too loud or obnoxious. Its a small place, so don't expect to cram a party of 30 in there anytime soon. The prices are decent, mixed drinks are a bit on the stiff side, but at least you get your money's worth, right?
4	Ok, so we ended up here as a fluke. Went upstairs to watch a movie, only 2 seats were left and they were in the front row...um...for a 3D movie...um...no. (I'm not saying 'no' because I feel as though front row seats are beneath us...I'm saying 'no' because we actually bought those seats and gave it the old college try. It sucked BTW)Anyway, we had them exchange those tix for a later show and tried to figure out what to do next (go home and wait a couple hours for the movie, walk around across the street, do a little shopping, or...). So we chose 'or...' and went looking for some early dinner or drinky drinks. We checked out a couple of places, the Merc didn't even seem to be open, WTH? and decided to check this spot out. We were immediately seated upstairs at a table overlooking the restaurant (there was only 1 table left) and proceeded to be impressed by each item the waitress brought out...chips & salsa (YUM!), empanadas (DOUBLE...now TRIPLE YUM! THEY ARE SOOOOO GOOD AND LOVED THE (oops, I'll stop yelling) topping on there. I had the pernil asado burrito and my darling hubbalub had the short rib barbacoa burrito...I think his may have been a little yummier than mine, but not by much. Super tasty...way too much food. As we sat in the movie theater, I'm pretty sure we were both wishing the chairs were full recliners so we could just curl up and doze off into a food coma.
5	I was at the social media day gathering at the Ritz-Carlton and found this place on the Veebow app's "nearby" feature. The place was empty so I sat at the bar and ordered a couple of happy hour drinks. The bartender, Maureen, recommended the a pork taco plate wi rice and beans. I wasn't expecting the tacos to have Mangos, but it was a nice touch. I'll keep it simple- food was great, service was great, ambiance was cool (they had art for sale on the walls) and even better, the two beers on tap are my favorites- Shock Top and Landshark. I'll definitely be back.
3	Have eaten here several times, usually take advantage of HH pricing (can't be beat!).  I've had pretty much every taco they order and everything is outstanding.  The food always comes out so fast, I wonder if they actualy prepare it or if it's just sitting back there to quickly throw together. It's still pretty darn good.  Their original restaurant, Fuego Bistro is my favorite restaurant in town. So I enjoy giving this place my business.  We just don't go to Tacos as much anymore because everytime we have been there the service has been pretty poor.  The servers seem overworked and too busy to be nice to you.  I could understand going on an off night, I was a server for several years, too.  But every single visit it has been like that.  I really wish I could give this place more stars, because I love Bistro so much, but I have not been there once when the servers weren't rude.  :(  It's sad because Fuego Bistro is so good in food and service, and the food at Tacos is so good, just not the service.  Also, I keep thinking this would stop being annoying but it isn't - they servers have a small closest that they keep their belongings in, and there is an insanely bright light inside that shines right in your eyes every time they open the door.  It is terribly annoying, especially in a restaurant that seems upscale and is a little dark inside (which I don't mind).
4	They do kind of hassle you a bit if you have a Groupon or some kind of deal so I'd say just go and do the happy hour.  Its not that bad of a deal.The chips and salsa you get is pretty fantastic.  The chips are thicker than typical - almost like pita chips.  Salsa is a pureed chipotle type, not a pico de gallo type.  The taste is pretty good and the chips aren't terribly greasy.  We got the barbacao taco plate, the queso dip and the sweet potato fries.  The barbacao tacos weren't great..  We're huge fans of this dish at fuego bistro but they taste a lot better as a short rib with cornbread than as a taco.  The rice and beans that come on the platter are very good.  I would try a different taco.  The queso dip was unusually bland.  The consistency was very rich and thick but somehow it doesn't taste very good.  We ended up mixing in the salsa and it improved the taste quite a bit.  You also seem to get way less chips than you would think you'd need for about a cup and a half of queso..The sweet potato fries were awesome!  The batter is pretty light and with the right amount of salt.  Some of the fries were limp and some were crunchy, but all in all a very good menu item and a steal at $3.  The chipotle ranch sauce that comes with is pretty fabulous as well.  All in all, the location kind of sucks.  Its always more hassle than I like when you have to valet or validate - no matter how painless it is.  Especially now with the theater being a dinner serving type, its hard to find yourself there just to eat.  But if you're there, this place is pretty good!
5	Really good tacos.  Server was a riot.  I would be back here if it wasn't several hundred miles out of my neighborhood.
1	This little hole in the wall was recommended by the concierge at the Arizona Biltmore, since we were looking for some authentic Mexican food.  Sometimes a little Taco stand should be just that, a taco stand! Hiding in a huge building, though the building may be bustling and alive during the day, at night it is very dead quiet. We should have known when we walked in and there was NO one around, and the security guard was just happy to see someone.  Now if you want to have an intimate dinner where NO ONE will see you, this is the place!  Cause there is NO one there, and that may be because of the location or it may be because the food is nothing to write home about.The food was alright, nothing that made you say, this is someplace I want to savor; as a matter of fact we left most of what we ordered on the plate. Though the service was good, since there were no other customers, it was just us, not much you can do. If you are looking for a nice bottle of wine, this is not the place; they have no selection at all, a house red wine and one other selection or a chardonnay.  The bill with tax was over 50 bucks, most of that was of course the wine and a drink.  Got a big kick out of the YELP COUPON on the site when I checked in that promoted a 0% (Yes ZERO Percent off your bill) when you showed them you checked in.  I showed this to our waitress and she said well sometimes it might show up when you refresh, but I will give you a 20% off, which of course she never did.There have to be better taco places in Phoenix, I am sure!
1	I went to Fuego Tacos for the first time and had a deeply disturbing experience. There was a big TV over the bar area it is hard not to watch when it is right in front of you - especially the particular program that was on. It was some redneck hunting series with a viewer discretion warning stating; "The following program shows graphic content of animal slaughter and butchering..." I should have walked out right then, but we had already ordered dinner and cocktails, which was all quite expensive by the way.After several hunting scenes in killing bear and other wildlife, it showed a graphic slaughtering of the family cow. Why would we want to be exposed to THAT while eating dinner? Why would a restaurant choose to display this type of programming anyway? I'm highly sensitive to that sort of imagery and choose not eat red meat for ethical and health reasons. I left there incredibly ill, most likely a psychosomatic response, however I've felt dreadfully sick all night. I told the server and she seemed oblivious to their choice of "entertainment". I went home and looked up the owner of the Fuego Restaurant Group, emailed him and have not yet heard back, so I decided to share it on yelp because I am still so distraught by what happened.
4	My first visit to Fuego Tacos was totally pleasant ... once we actually found it!  It is tucked away at the back of what looks like a corporate building.    We were there mid-afternoon on a Saturday and there were only a handful of occupied tables.  The bar seemed very inviting, but alas, we were there with our one-year-old, so no major margaritas for me.The food was great.  The tacos were very flavorful and the sweet potato fries were a hit with the babe.  I would definitely go back for another round, whether it be for a mid-afternoon late lunch or for happy hour during the week.
3	I am sorry to say that they do not have karaoke any more.
4	I FINALLY tried Fuego Tacos and I really really am a fan! So here I was with a Yelp deal and an upcoming national taco day. I do like I do and text some of the InstagramAZ honeys to meet me up at the esplinade for a mini sunset photo walk and an excuse to have some margartias. What an amazing combo for a Ladies Night! First off the starter chips and salsa was bomb! BOOM! the salsa has like chipotle flavor, not runny but hearty like steak! hahaha! We also ordered a few Queso appetizers. Dang... Let me say we could have been fine with that and our margaritas. Just kidding! Of course we all order food! Tacos galore and delicious! Seasoned to perfection and sided with really good rice and beans. I am super picky about my rice, 'cuz you know, no one makes it like Nana used to. Not even moms. But I was really impressed! I am definitely coming back to this spotty and checking out all the other Fuego restaurants!Oh! And they had no problem honouring my Yelp deal. Over all a very pleasant experience!
2	First of all don't buy more than one yelp coupon at a time cause you can only use one at a time and they stated that they prefer to give one ticket per table. Now I'm stuck with 2 more coupons that I probably won't use. The salsa was a little hot for me but the chips were fresh and delicious. We got the cheddar quest and it was delicious as well. I was very exited for the creamed corn side dish and it was a little hot for me but was delicious and I ate it even though my nose was running from it. I ordered the quesadilla and it was just basically plain chicken and cheese. Finally something not burning my mouth. My dinner guests had the Barbacoa burrito, which was huge, and the tilapia Cesar salad which looked good. Everyone ate all of their food! The service is where this place goes down hill. Had to wave her down for everything and wasn't overly friendly. If your going for the food it's pretty good just don't go there looking for the best service.
2	It seems like this series of restaurants gets high marks here in town, but I don't get it.  We "had" to go here after our movie got cancelled upstairs at AMC Esplanade.  We needed dinner and this was the only place open in the dead-after-5pm Esplanade center.  Keep in mind this was a Monday night, so I didn't expect it to be wild and crazy, but it all just seemed so...haphazard.  Like, a choke-n-puke right in the middle of fancy Esplanade.  Food was totally average, completely unmemorable, although the menu made everything sound so "unique".  Over-priced.  Our server seemed confused by life.   Decor was sloppy and Ikea straight out of the box. Um, let's see.  I remember the bathroom being really cute.  Wow.  THAT's what I took away from that dining experience?  Fuego Cantina was open in north Phoenix for about five minutes.  So this company running Fuego doesn't totally know what's it doing, does it?  what's all the hooplah about?  BLECCH.  Avoid.
4	This place is fun and the food is delicious, great service and location! Try it before or after catching a movie!
4	Fuego does a taco right.  I've been to their other location and tasted a couple of different amazing tacos (carne and pernil), but on my trip to this location, I tried the Short Rib Barbacoa marinaded in pineapple, soy, chipotle and Dr. Pepper with an incredible pineapple habanero hot sauce.  It was the absolute star of our meal.  The starter of queso was really tasty too, and I loved the churros to end our meal.  Who doesn't love fried, sugary food to end their meal??  The place was a bit empty, so I'm hoping that business is going well enough for them to stick around.  Those tacos are stellar!
4	I was planning on grabbing a bite to eat after work with a friend, and thanks to some deals we read about, we came up with the idea of visiting Fuego Tacos.  We were able to get there before Happy Hour ended (which, by the way, is from 2-6 PM Mondays through Saturdays).  The restaurant was laid out very nicely with two stories of seating.  Surprisingly, there were very few people in the restaurant at the time.  The service was great; the waitress checked on us every few minutes.  Happy Hour deals included drink specials and $6 dishes.  We ended up grabbing drinks and ordering an appetizer (guacamole, queso, and salsa) and then I got chicken tacos while my friend got a taco salad.  Both dishes were good.  In fact, I think we overdid it and ate too much though!  There were buy one, get one free coupons in the Entertainment Book and Groupon deals (buy a $10 gift certificate for $3).  One strange thing...apparently, the website (fuegotaco.com) is no longer active.
3	Nice atmosphere, good food (not excellent by any means), and sub-average Moscow mules! Too sugary. Although the pirate mate drink was quite tasty.
3	I tried Fuego Tacos for the first time last weekend.  The place is nice enough, service was good, no complaints.  The food was absolutely ho-hum.  It seems disappointing given the look of the place and the fact it is located in an area with very good restaurants.  The price was fine.  I have no complaints, but can't think of a reason to go back.
2	two tacos dinners to go. fish and carne asado.both ok. place hard to find and parking was difficult.designed as a place for those working nearby or parked across the street in the mall.ok value to price, ok food, nothing to write home about
2	Let me start off by saying I would never go back. The prices didn't match the prices they had online and when questioned about it they informed me "Well these are the new higher prices". Um seriously? The server kept coming over every 5 minutes, asking "do you need anything else?" instead of assessing the table and realizing what we actually needed, and extra plate to feed my niece, water in our water glasses, and for her to give us time to eat without interrupting. I didn't particularly care for my BBQ quesadilla and my sister hated her Spicy veggie tacos. so all in all I wouldn't ever be a horrible friend and recommend this place.
5	Oh how I wish I had come here sooner. I don't hand out 5 stars for restaurants very often, but Fuego deserves it, shoot they deserve 6 but there isn't a way to do that.We started with guacamole, it was perfect, slightly chunky, not overdone, just great avocados and perfectly seasoned.For lunch I had the Pernil Asado tacos, scrumptious! They were served with the best rice and black beans ever made.  My mom had the vegetarian tacos, and 6 hours later she is still going on about how great they were.  Our server, Alex, made the meal, she was so sweet and attentive, our chips were promptly refilled, our tea never ran out, it was a pleasure to be her customers, she was just that good!!!!!I will be back as soon as I can get there!  I was also happy to here that the other Fuego restaurants have patio seating which is dog friendly (call ahead) so I can take my poochies with me when I visit the other location.
3	Let me start of by saying this place is not easy to find. Its on the other side of the Biltmore near the Ritz. Park in the underground lot and follow signs to the shopping center, ask for directions from there.I bought the groupon ($3 for $10 worth of food) and decided it was a tacos kind of night. The tacos were OK, not bad not great but ok. My girlfriend had the chicken and I had the pork, we each shared on of another's. For my liking they were way over stuffed and lack seasoning. The desert on the other hand ( fresh churros w/ carmel dipping sauce) was pretty good. Service was good and the ambience was hipster. I might go back if I get another coupon!!
4	First things first, Yum! Some of the best tacos I have ever had. So much flavor I couldn't believe it. We stopping in for dinner on a Tuesday night, very slow, only two other table in the place at the time. No biggie, its a tiny place so it wasn't too loud. Didn't get much of a smile or greeting when we walked in, the "waitress" (whom we found out was "just" the bartender) spoke in mumbles and I didn't get that she was letting us pick our own table until she just started at us for a few seconds. Anyway, we got a nice table and started to look over the drink menus, we were brought chips and salsa, excellent salsa by the way! The bartender/waitress continued the evening with little to no personality, asked if I knew what I wanted to drink, I said I wasn't ready and she just walked away, didn't even give my fiance a chance to order. My exact words were "Their food better be awesome to make up for this poor service." Long story short, I hardly remember how wretched she was, the food was soooo good. Starting with the salsa I was impressed, the guac was very good as well, very fresh. I ordered the braised short rib tacos and he got the carne asada tacos, both amazing! So much flavor, just enough heat, and the rice and beans were good too, not an after thought like most Mexican style restaurants can make them. Very very impressed with the food. But the service was meh at best. This woman not only had no personality, she didn't seem to want to be there at all. I over heard her telling another table that she hadn't even wanted to work there, at all, but her friend asked her for a favor so that is why she is there, and can tell us what she thinks is good but has no idea what is in anything. Really?!?! Wow, can we say unprofessional? She needs an attitude adjustment or to just get the hell out of there. But please don't let that deter you, the food is great!!! The price is right (I think there is a groupon and a Yelp deal still going on).Oh one side note.... the childlike handwritten notes in the front window... tacky! If you insist on having them there you should at least print them off the computer. But they are a little unnecessary anyway, we know we can only use one coupon per table.
4	Excellent food! Fuego's is actually located in the shops at Esplanade cuz Yelp map sucks! Haha
2	I have been to Fuego Tacos twice, I was hoping the second time around would be better but it wasn't. we got there about 40 minutes before closing, we were rushed in reminded that  we needed to order quickly, (40min) before closing, I ordered a Margarita, was not happy with the Margarita because it was way too sweet, told my waitress I could not even taste the tequila,  instead of taking it back, she said to order a shot of tequila of Patron which I ended up ordering because indeed the margarita was beyond overpowering, I ordered the shrimp tacos, they were dry and just o.k, the food at Arriba down the street is half the price and twice as good, will never go back to Fuego again, very disappointed in how the waitress handled the situation. They need to work on customer service skills, if I am paying $10 a margarita, I expect them to make it right, if the food isn't that great, and the drinks aren't up to par, why would I bother coming back??
1	They were not very nice. Would not substitute any meats for other meats (as I don't eat prok and there is a ton of pork on the menu). They also would not make our food into a burrito like the menu said it would at no cost. Would not come back
4	Good food, nice environment. Went on happy hour and the service was just ok. Overall good experience
2	Nope not good atall was very disappointed. salsa was weird tasting, tacos were bland, and the rice tasted like ricearoni not sure where the authentic Mexican food angle came from but it couldn't be further from the truth. Not never coming back. If you have trouble finding it take it as a sign to go somewhere else.
5	I went here a couple days ago with a friend for a late lunch and the happy hour really blew us away. We discovered Fuego Tacos through this new iPhone app called Whistl, its great if you are a foodie!We started with the chips and salsa which were delicious. The salsa had a good, thick consistency, not watery like a lot of places. We had the Short Rib Sliders ($6) and the Spicy Vegetable Quesadilla ($6). The slides were fantastic. the red bbq sauce the put on it had the perfect amount of tang and sweetness. The quesadilla was huge! It was spicy, but not too spicy. Definitely a great vegetarian option. Both items along with the chips and salsa were the perfect size for a late lunch. I would definitely recommend this place, especially for the happy hour, about 10+ items all for $6! Aso, download the Whistl app on your iPhone if you want to see more great deals in your area, I've been using it for a couple days now and have already found some great new spots to eat! It's free and theres no ads or sign up!
4	To be fair, this was a pit stop in between movies at the Esplanade.  I had the Esplanade margarita which is a glass of spicy heaven.  Jalapeno infused vodka with a cumin-salt rim?  You had me at hello.
4	We ended up here by mistake. Yey! So glad we did.
4	The tacos here are very good.  I'm a foodie and can be very critical but overall the food here is good.  I had the chipotle cream shrimp tacos and the ingredients were very fresh.  The shrimp had tremendous flavor and wasn't overcooked!  Nothing worse than tough, over cooked shrimp...these were done right!  The portion sizes are good for someone with a hefty appetite.  (Like me)The server I've had here a couple of times is socially awkward, she doesn't come across very friendly but I think that's just her personality.Overall a thumbs up for Fuego!
4	I really love the food at all the Fuegos!We finally had the Empanadas as an appetizer for lunch and they are to die for. I could really eat their empanadas all day (which is why there is no picture, it was gone before I thought to take one).  I had the Short Rib Tacos and my friend had the same in a burrito.  It is some of the best meat I have ever tasted.  I'm not sure how they do it but the meat is magically melt in your mouth. The chips and salsa are also super delicious.My only issue was that the waitress/bartender was a bit abrupt and highly overworked. She was niceish when she actually was talking to us but that was a rare occurence. There was another girl walking around but I'm not sure what her function was because she didn't really take any orders.  She would clear plates and that's it.  It's not a really large restaurant but the way it's set up makes it difficult for 1 person to handle the bar and the tables.
1	Getting worse and worse. Has definitely changed in quality and personality since last year. We were so excited about this place when it first opened. Blackened Tilapia Caesar salad was one we craved. We loved the man that was there too, I think he was/is the owner.  We haven't seen him in months and the staff has seemed to change.  Not only has the waitstaff got to (BLEEP) but the food too.  The blackened tilapia is no where near as delicious as it was before and there is some funky too sweet for a caesar salad going on. I could probably go on and on about our waitress who didn't seem to have much screws tight in her head at all.  How about be happy about your job or dont rub your bad day on us.  If you have nothing to do all day and want to wait on your waitress, go here. If you have a life and dont want to waist hours on hours then definitely do not go here.Revo Burrito down Camelback is WAY BETTER than this place
1	And the worst service ever award goes to...... Fuego !!! We walked into an empty restaurant on a hot summer afternoon when there was nobody in the restaurant. We had a group of about 10 people, and let me remind you again, the restaurant was empty. We were greeted by two servers who had a look of absolute disgust that a large party was at their doorstep. Without us even saying a word, one lady told is there was no way we could all sit together. Good afternoon to you too, lady. We went upstairs to be out of their way and there were a few four top tables right next to each other. We took it upond ourselves to push them all 1 foot so that we could sit together. We didn't rearrange the dining area. When she took our orders, she told us that she could not do separate checks. I begged her to split up the bill into groups of 4 (how we were arranged at the four top tables), and she begrudgingly said that was okay. It took over an hour for her to get our orders and for us to get our meals. We were at the restaurant for 2 and a half hours. Meanwhile, a group of 5 people had walked in 30 minutes after us, were pleasantly greeted, and seated next to our table. She took their orders, served them meals, and nicely split their checks for each person (but there was no way she could do that for the 10 of us). They came and left within an hour. That was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had. Phoenix is a Mecca of good restaurants and there are plenty of other delicious places nearby that treat their customers kindly.  I'm surprised Fuego is still in business. I will never go back.
5	The cabbage on the Carne asada tacos was excellent!
5	While Fuego may not have the most "authentic" mexican food in the valley, they do, in my opinion, have the tastiest Mexico/SoCal/Baja fusion.Service is always quick and friendly, the complimentary tortillas and salsa are top-notch, and seem house-made, and every entree I've tried is full of flavor and very well plated. The atmosphere is on the trendy side, and the location could be a little more convenient, but in a way, I like that it's sort of a hidden gem!
3	The Fuego Tacos location in the Biltmore area is in a great area for me.  I have only been to Fuego once and it was during happy hour.  All the reviews I had read said to make sure you go to Fuego at happy hour to get the good deals so you are able to try a variety of dishes.  And coincidentally enough, that's what happened!Instead of ordering one dish, I was able to order 4 (smaller portions) and try everything.  I really enjoyed the pulled pork.  This is more of a bar/restaurant to come to after work for a nice margarita.  I will definitely come back and try some more dishes.
4	Good food and good prices! It had a fun atmosphere as well.
2	Pretty dead on a Wednesday night. Their chips are really good and will salvage a star. They charged 50 cents for a tiny tin of pico de gallo ("the kitchen makes us charge for anything that comes out").  Tacos were nothing to write home about. La Condesa is similar concept but much better execution...and they love their grouponers...or at least they don't give people a hard time.  I paid $14 for two tacos with rice and beans. My LA friends would shoot me.  We had trouble redeeming expired groupons. Waitress made it seem like she was doing us a favor to remove the paid value (3 whole dollars), which never expires and must be honored by the merchant per the fine print. They wouldn't let us subtract the paid value from a 2nd expired groupon ($3).  Anyone, please correct me if I'm wrong but my understanding is that expired vouchers become treated like cash. Fine print says PROMOTIONAL value can't be combined with other offers, nothing about expired PAID values.  Manager (Missy) said she didn't have any written groupon contract in the restaurant (why not?) so I showed her the fine print on my phone.  Acknowledges what she reads but still insists the owner (who's not around, supposedly his name is Joe) says they can't do anything else. She said I can send him a message. I ask how do I do that if he's not here and she says "on yelp" so here I am!If you're going to partner with groupon, then honor the groupon rules...or have the rules on hand to show a customer he's wrong if he is misunderstanding something! Missy tried to make things right with a VIP voucher for future visits saying it was a better deal than the $3 groupon.  Actually, it's not because I'd have to buy two drinks and an entree to get a free entree instead of spending just $3 to get $10 worth of food. Regardless, it's the principle of the matter not a lousy $3. Just be happy we tipped well on the original bill. I hate when Yelp reviews become rants, but they must be done!
1	When eating at a mexican resturant the first impression in my opinion is the chips & salsa that u get,and we always thought that they brought you chips & salsa  automatically, but we had to ask for them which i thought we shouldnt have to done.  that being said the salsa was good but the chips were cooked to a near burnt crisp, when we asked our waitress for some non-burnt chips her snooty response was, we cook them fresh but i can try. Well if ur cook cannot cook chips makes me little worried how rest of the food will be cooked im thinking. Seems to me it would be easy enuff to just back off the cooking time to solve this problem, but hey im no chef so my way of thinking could be wrong, but i doubt it. My g/f was gonna order the nachos, but after seeing our first order of chips she decided against it. She ordered the bean,queso,an gaucomole trio instead. It came with a bowl of bean dip, a bowl of queso and a THIMBLE sized serving of gaucomole which i thought was a rip-off in my opinion, one would think it being a trio that ALL bowls should be same size. I ordered the Cubano sliders ( which i would highly recommend because they are very good and was actually the only GOOD thing about our first time visit here).......But in my opinion this is not a place to visit for mexican food....We would NEVER go back
3	Few things I dislike more than when you have a memory of dish that you loved and it haunts you to the point that you have to go back to the restaurant to order it again and you're faced with utter disappointment.  That's my story with Fuego Tacos.  Two years ago I wrote about the awesome spicy veggie tacos at this joint.  Man, they were good!!!  Despite numerous trips back to Phoenix since that time, I was never able to make it back to Fuego despite that craving for the tacos.  Lo and behold, I finally get an opportunity to go back and now I wish I hadn't.I was suspicious that something had changed because the menu descibed the tacos as being housed in a crispy shell.  That's not at all what I remembered.  I recalled a melange of hot, spicy veggies cased in a warm corn tortilla.  I even asked the waitress who haughtily informed me that the veggie tacos had always come in a hard shell.  Hmmm.... that should have been my clue.  I figured maybe the shell won't make a big difference.  Wrong.  What I received instead was cold cabbage and other unrecognizable cold "stuff" jammed into a taco shell with shredded cheese on top.  Not the least bit appetizing and not at all what I remembered!  I was extremely disappointed.  The only reason I gave a 3-star rating this time is because the chips and salsa were decent.  I'm sure some of the other tacos are too but that veggie mess needs to go!
1	Food is average, but if you enjoy eating at a place that treats you like they're doing you a favor by letting you eat there, this is the place for you.
4	Some notes: restaurant is located in the Esplandade with the AMC cinema and to the east of the Ritz Carleton.  Best bet is to park in the parking garage and then go to the walking mall.  Even so, it's tough to find.  Don't give up.  Also, it is no longer Fuego Tacos, but now Fuego del Mar, with a seafood-centric menu.  That being said.  I was pretty edgy by the time we arrived.  We're from Cave Creek and had been out shopping and then had a heck of a time finding the place, so we arrived about 8.15---pretty close to closing.  And I had a Groupon---and there are Yelp reviews that said the staff DOESN'T like Groupon-ers.Greeted by guy that I assume is the gent someone described as "XL".  He's just a little round.  And was a warm, welcoming fella.  He beamed a smile at us, waved at dining room and told us to sit wherever we wanted.  We chose a cozy booth in the corner.  Our server was there in moments with menus and take our drink orders.  I wish I remembered her name---dark hair in a pony-tail, glasses, and really personable and nice despite it being the end of the night and we were late-comers.  Nice ambiance---exposed brick walls, soft light, great music---DH would have liked their playlist!TROUBLE: she hands us the menu.  Except for one dish, everything is seafood.  Fuego Tacos is now Fuego del Mar.  DH doesn't like fish and is semi-allergic to shellfish.  I asked if he wanted to leave, and he said no, we had gone thru too much to find the place---he would just order the one non-seafood dish.  At least he didn't have to make a lot of choices!  So DH ordered the Pernil Asada, which was described as slow-cooked pork topped with mango-chile salsa.  His sides were the Green Chile-Bacon Hushpuppies and the Latin Succotash.  I ordered their signature dish of Seafood Chile Rellenos---a poblano pepper stuffed with shrimp, crab and tilapia in a lobster-tomato sauce with hush puppies and Pineapple-Serrano Cole Slaw.  For drinks, DH got the house red and I got a Pomegranate Adult Lemonade.Drinks arrived in less than 5 minutes.  DH very happy with something he thought would be bottom row plonk.  My Adult Lemonade was SO delicious---I had to be careful!  I could have drank several of them.  It tasted like lemonade with a hint of fruit---but it definitely had alcohol in it!Entrees arrived within 15 minutes of the drinks.  DH's was all on one plate.  Three hush puppies, Latin Succotash---which looked delish---and a mound of pork with the salsa.  Not super pretty.  My presentation was much more beautiful---a mammoth poblano pepper in a puddle of light red sauce.  Slaw and hush puppies on the side.  Lovely presentation.  My only comment is that serving something in a bowl (albeit large) that needs to be cut is problematic.I'd like to say how wonderful DH's meal was, but basically I got one bite of his pork---that's all he would share---before he devoured it.  He said it was one of the best pork dishes he had ever enjoyed.  He felt like he was in the Caribbean!  I got no bites of the Succotash, darn him---looked so good!  He scarfed it all!   His hush puppies went that fast too!Was my seafood Chile Relleno the best thing EVER?  No, but it was VERY, VERY GOOD!  Beautifully cooked, not greasy,  seafood not overcooked at all, the lobster-tomato sauce was delicious.  Again, only quibble I have is serving it in a bowl.  It was a very deep bowl too---a smaller girl might have had trouble reaching in there, but I am fairly tall and long-armed.  The hush puppies---shut my mouth, darlin', but they were dang good!  Lots of lovely, bacon-y flavor, a hint of heat, and a touch sweet.  What is it with those Yankees not adding a bit of sweet to their cornbread?  Whoever made these knew what they were doing.  The Pineapple-Serrano Cole Slaw was in a citrus-y, non-creamy dressing and the crispness, the fruitiness and the heat was a perfect counterpoint to the richness of the Relleno.Huge portion---I ended up bringing home half the Relleno, Slaw and two hush puppies---LUNCH!  YUM!  DH swined his plate so it's deli turkey for him, hahaha!Bonus---ended up talking to the gentleman in the booth next to us---so interesting.  He is a musician who's lived all over the US and the world---Europe and the Middle East.  Really neat guy.  I wouldn't live in the City, but I love visiting the City 'cause you meet the most interesting people!So at the end, I pulled out my Groupon and gave it to our server, apologizing that I had "hid" it until the end, but that Yelp reviews had indicated Groupon-ers got short shift as far as service went.  She took it graciously with a smile and said one of the issues was when they were Fuego Tacos, people ordered $9 plates than proferred a $10 Groupon.  Not nice.  (BTW, Fuego del Mar entrees from $20-$25)For sure, we will be back.  It's a field trip for us, but worth it.  Just an all-around good experience.
2	Fuego Taco (now Fuego del mar) used to be a great spot for lunch. great tacos, great chips and salsa, great service. now, all that is left are the tacos, obscured the name. chips and fresh salsa are gone. gift cards are practically useless and VIP card must be used without gift cards. the restaurant has long suffered an identity crisis due to location and tethering to the nearby movie theater  Now, ownership seems determined to squeeze the last penny out of customers by doing away with perq's and staple food at any mexican restaurant. Tacos have not been defiled, but the rest of the experience had degraded to pitiful and forgettable.
1	Service is lacking to say the least.  There is literally one other couple in here and after 10 minutes we have water.  I guess that is why they need to offer groupons to get customers in here.  Live and learn.
3	A real disappointment. 1. location.. a really bad old mall space. A really bad restaurant layout. Horrible.2. Bad sevice. Slow, Slow, Slow, 3. As Fuego Del Mar.. MUCH BETTER but my food was not HOT.. great flavors. slow service only slightly warm food.I won't be going back..
2	We love to try new restaurants and this one popped up with a Groupon offer for $30, so we thought we would give it a shot.It was very disappointing.  The only reason why we gave this some stars was because our waitress Amanda was funny and inviting.  Unfortunately she was the only waitress and doubled as the bartender, but she did hustle and do their best.  Our first problem?  People will think we are harsh, but the person who sat us (the only other person in the restaurant) seemed to have a hearing impairment.  He said nothing to us, didn't welcome us and when we asked a question, he ignored us.  I know - he's deaf (or partially) but why would you put such a person at the front door?  It took us at least 20 minutes to figure out why he was "so rude" to us.We ordered (supposedly) the two best items on the menu.  The pasta and the enchiladas del mar.  The pasta was watery and spicy.  The del mar was unremarkable with overcooked rubbery seafood.   I love seafood and I love Mexican seafood, but they have nothing but seafood on the menu.  If you want meat or chicken you are SOL.  The drinks were good.  Service took a while since poor Amanda was just about everything rolled into one.  We think it would have been better for hearing impaired guy to be running the bar (and bussing) and having Amanda be waitress and hostess.  Just our opinion.The other problem is the location in the Esplanade.  This is just an odd place for business.  It has an annoying "pay-only" garage, within a dead area, with no vibrant shops.  Getting in and out isn't easy either.   We remember way back when, when McCormack and Schmidt was a bustling restaurant here.  It just seems that nothing succeeds in the Esplanade across from those Biltmore shops.  Even the pedestrian walkway didn't help.  How many people were killed leaving the Esplanade and running across the street to the Biltmore?  That ought to be an indicator.   We don't know why or how things fail in the Esplanade it's just one of those things.  It's like the old Galleria Mall failing directly across the street from The Fashion Square. It was a $90 bill, minus the $30 Groupon, plus tip.  Was it worth it?  We don't think so.  Would we go again?  No.  There's better Mexican food in the valley, closer and a lot cheaper.  We don't think this place will last long.  Its seems everyone in there had a Groupon or an Amazon local coupon.  They actually had a sign at the door explaining the rules.  That to me that points to a problem when the only reason people will visit your joint is with a coupon.And the best part?   When we go to restaurants we usually will "check in" on Yelp.  Sometimes we get offers or not.  The photo, is the offer we received when we checked in.  (Palm to face)
3	Meh.  I've eaten here for lunch three times, each time I'm less impressed.  I have a limited diet, try hard to avoid sugar too, and even the tilapia filet had a sweet sauce and the can't substitute rice/beans for veggies.  Tilapia and fish tacos were pretty bland and not worth the calories.  The tacos on the menu all had sweetened cabbage and seemed to be lacking in fresh veggies.  It's a shame, my co-workers seem to love it!  I bet it's good for those without restrictions, but too hard to stay on track here.
4	Fuego taco is a hidden treasure in the Esplanade.   The Happy Hour menu is awesome.. so much to choose from, good luck trying to narrow it down.    The Cubano sliders were so delicious, the carne tacos were huge and filling, the salsa was so tasty, the ceviche had a great twist ... i recommend stopping in for a drink or two and happy hour delight.
1	I am not a big fan of AMANDA (owner and waitress), or Fuego Del Mar A.K.A. Fuego Tacos! If you are new in the area or just visiting, please watch out for this restaurant!! I assure you this place will give you suspicions.What's the point of having a groupon deal if the business does not welcome newcomers! Please please be careful yelpers.(Just needed to repost here)
3	This place has great vegetarian options- we had the veggie tostadas and the black bean quesadillas. Both were full of flavor! Their chips and salsas plate was great because the salsas actually all taste substantially different from each other-- it's not some Pico de gallo and then the same thing put through a blender. Each salsa actually taste like it was made with different flavors in mind and perfectly complements all main courses. The drinks are also presented in funky glasses and are super cool looking. My biggest complaint unfortunately is that the service is SUPER slow, this is no place to get in n out.
1	I like the location of this place and the quaint inside of it too. I've gone three times due to groupon deals. The first two times I went about a year or two ago it was nice, the happy hour had good deals, and the chips and salsa were complimentary and were really good. But the last time I went very recently ago, things had changed alot. The waitress wasn't friendly and did not explain things well on what we could and could not use the groupon for at happy hour times. She was actually very confused and kept contradicting herself and changing her mind on what we could use the groupons for. Then chips and salsa was no longer complimentary so we didn't get any. Then our food finally came out (tostados and tacos) and it was really cold and and tasted horrible so I didn't even eat a quarter of it and the waitress didn't even ask me about it to see why I barely touched it. So disappointing that they've gotten so cheap there and now have bad service!
