2	You would think that Greek food would be a natural for casual, take out places.  You can make a lot of the food ahead.  It is good served cold.  Much of it is finger food.  Yet, with the possible exception of some places in Chicago, most of the Greek take out places I have been to are subpar.  Crazy Pita is no exception to this rule.  We ordered a falafel sandwich, a shrimp skewer, and a mezza plate (feta, hummus, artichoke hearts, cucumber salad, and roasted peppers) to share.  As I expected, the shrimp was tough and was sitting on some watery vegetables and undercooked couscous.  But it was the hummus that surprised us the most -- thin, drippy, and tasteless.  The pita served with it was dry.  The roasted peppers had no flavor or texture.  The best things were the cucumber salad and the falafel.  Now I have had better falafel, plumper and spicier, but this at least was crisp, moderately spicy and did not fall apart.  I could only compare this to the delicious hummus, gyros, and stuffed eggplant we had at Max's Greek Cafe in the San Francisco airport.  If you can't serve better food than an airport cafe, then you can't expect to stay in business for very long.
4	The food is consistently fresh and solidly good, and the restaurant is clean and bright and well-lighted, which are all lovely, but what's best about this place are the people who work here.
5	We go there just about once a week.  I really think it is the best value in Las Vegas.  The food is always very consistent and the owner is behind the register 90% of the time.  He knows his customers and really cares about customer service.  I see they are getting busier all the time.  The word must be getting out about how great this restaurant is.
5	Great food with reasonable prices.  The owner and staff are always friendly.  They also send great discounts if you sign up on their e-mail list.
4	The steak pita is delicious.  The meat is so tender and seasoned well.  It has a really great diced cucumber and tomato mixture with feta-MMMM yum.  It comes with fries which is kinda weird but they are good.  I also really like the Feta salad (super tasty dressing) and add a steak skewer.   The owner is almost always there and is very friendly too.
4	1/2 Chicken Dark Meat: Seasoned chicken from a Moroccan rotisserie was crisp and a bit salty for my taste on the outside, but the chicken on the inside was very juicy and tasted slightly sweet (the kind of sweet a meat naturally has, not like sugar). Hummus: texture is smooth, flavor is good, not heavy, not light, and a small amount of paprika is sprinkled on topPita: their pita bread does not come grilled and comes in small triangular strips.Side Salad: diced cucumbers, a couple ripped pieces of lettuce, a Greek vinaigrette, and a Kalamata olive, just one... but tastes yummy.Drinks: They have specially bottled sodas there as well as fountain drinks.
4	Have only eaten here once, but intend to return.Food was good, including rostiserie chicken, hummus, falafel, salads, etc...Staff was very accommodating.  Believe the owner or GM was manning the order counter/register when we were there.  Offered my child a complimentary lemonade, and allowed us to substitute some salad options - very nice service.Recommended for a casual and reasonably priced, quality family oriented restaurant.
5	This is by far my FAVORITE place to eat. I love the food, everything is soooooooooooo good!! I love love love the ceasar salad, I got it as just a side, but it turned out to be soo good. The qaurter chicken and the kabobs are DELICIOUS. I can never decide what to get becaue everything is soooo good. The fries are even good! I dont even like pita and hummus, but i love it their for some reason. I recommend everything and the customer service is the best. I was new to this kind of food, but the owner helped me pick out exactly what he thought id like, and he was right! He didnt even charge me extra for making my meal completely different then what it said it came with. I love this place.I moved back to CA and I still crave this place...please open one in orange county! lol
4	It's a healthy fast food joint.  How can I give it 5 stars???  I am kept up nights over this.  I'm still fretting over my score of 4 stars, but I'm doing it. My mind is made and, sorry CP, I'm awarding 4 stars and I can't tell you why I'm not giving you five; the food is excellent.I've been twice now.  The first time I had the Mediterranean Salad with grilled chicken.  Amazing!  Crisp fresh veggies with perfectly spiced and succulent chicken breast.   Second trip I had the Tenderloin Pita.  How'd Rachel say it? "Yummo!"  I think that's what she says, if not, you know what I mean.  It was incredible.   Tender juicy steak, brilliant sauce, fresh veggies, the pita is wrapped in paper and foil to keep it as neat as possible.  It's served with fries, but you can replace it with a healthy side like cous cous, or salad, etc...for $7.95, it rocks.  It's filling, satisfying in so many ways and healthy.I should give them five stars, huh?Anyway, HIGHLY recommended.  HUGELY HIGHLY!Chow!
4	Stopped here before our flight home from Vegas.  I had a chicken pita and hubs had a falafel pita.  They were tasty and filling (and they came with fries - yum).  We found them kinda hard to eat, but we figured it out!The weirdest part was the really sickly looking pigeons that kept trying to steel crumbs from the ground.  What was up with them?  Their feathers were greasy and falling out, poor things (too many fries?). If I lived around here, I'd go back.  It wasn't the greatest thing I've ever had, but for a quick inexpensive lunch it was really good.
4	The crazy pita is a hidden treasure.  I LOVE the grilled chicken skewers.  They come with couscous, a yummy cucumber salad, squash, with pitas and fresh hummus.  YUM!!  It's a perfect meal when you're trying to eat healthy.
3	3.5 is more accurate. Food, service and qualty is good but my lamb had some silver on it so it made it kinda tough for a couple of pieces. Good prep it properly if you're gonna do any meat. Other than that it was good but nothing special. I even forgot about this place until I saw it on the side panel for suggestions.
3	My mom dragged me off to this place last night for dinner. To put it simply, it was good but not great.The restaurant has a nice atmosphere that isn't overly loud or raucous, so they score points in that area. When I was in last night they had their HDTV turned to the big hockey game that was on - but they had it muted, which I actually appreciate. Additionally, the restaurant serves alcohol, which is a rarity in little deli-type atmospheres like this (I don't drink, but I know there are people that will appreciate this.)The menu is fairly diverse but limited, as the place prides itself on its unique creations. Unfortunately, this means that other than the fries that comes with items, there isn't a whole lot in the way of American food being served here - I always like to have something I can fall back on if a place's menu has nothing to appeal to me.After ordering our food, I noticed thatA) It was DAMN EXPENSIVE! For the 3 of us to get a Pita and a drink, the total was nearly $30! B) The wait time for our food was inexcusably long. If I wanted to wait this long, I would go to an actual dine-in restaurant and not a place like this. You know something is wrong if I have damn near finished my drink before the food gets there!And then comes the part that just absolutely, positively ruined the visit for me. I ordered the Chicken Pita which stated it comes with chicken, hummus, and peppers. A nice combination for me. When I got it and bit into it, the taste instantly threw me off.They had put lettuce and cucumbers in my pita. NOWHERE ON THE MENU DOES IT STATE THAT THEY PUT THIS STUFF IN THERE.I hate lettuce and cucumbers, and putting these things in without letting me know anywhere on the menu was completely unacceptable. I know this may sound laughable to people who frequent these types of restaurants, but I am NOT a regular of these places. If you're running a restaurant like this, you are going to get people who are not regulars. And they need to know EVERYTHING. If I wanted lettuce and cucumbers, I would have ordered a damn salad! You don't have to ruin my Pita to impose them on me!It's a shame this place is so expensive, so slow to serve, and doesn't say everything they put in your food - because if not for these little flaws, the place could have been quite good. I was going to only give a 2-star rating, however the staff were all friendly and I think that counts for something. If anyone from the restaurant is reading, if you could fix these little flaws, you could make it a solid 4-star establishment - no questions asked.
2	All I can say is yuck.  Great and all for having wheat pitas and lamb specials, but the menu isn't interesting and the food isn't either.  It is also cool that they have Republic of Tea bottles, but they are probably too expensive.I never had a good meal here, and service is blah.  The sirloin sandwich with eggplant spread was okay, beef was chewy.  The mezza salad was just canned veggies thrown together.My fries were cold though we waited awhile and were the only people in there at 4:30 PM, and my divided plate - one side dish was a huge blob of ketchup!  yuck.  I don't like condiments, but especially not all over my plate - put it on the side or at the self serve area by the drinks!Eric decided to switch his order of fries to veggie couscous -the cashier could not ring up the cheaper side with the entree, so she gave it to him for free.  It was mushy veggies with the skins still on?? and couscous...more blah.Uninspiring all around, not much better than its neighbor panera who is always out of things.  +1 for Shangri-La tropical iced tea.
4	Awesome. Paymons isn't nearby, so Crazy Pita is really nice to have near. The chicken is awesome! The falafel is actually more flavorful than Paymon's current recipe which is bland. This is also a different kind of restaurant. It is more fast food than actual dining. I love it!
3	Wow, I should've checked on Yelp before going to Crazy Pita.. I didn't know they had salmon skewers!! Bummer.Anyway, got some take out from Crazy Pita this weekend. I got the shrimp skewers. It came with one skewer full of shrimp.. I'd say about 6 peices. Also, came with cous cous topped with zucchini & butternut squash. It also came with a greek salad, which I didn't care too much for. It didn't have much lettuce, maybe two or three leaves and it was topped with some soggy feta cheese and cucumbers. Yuck.We ordered a side of the artichoke hearts. I thought they were kind of chewy and not very flavorful. It seemed like it was just marinated artichoke hearts straight from the jar. Overall, Crazy Pita is ok. Nothing too special. I love Yanni's waaay better! They are a little pricey, but worth every penny! You get so much food. Too bad they were already closed.
5	I can't help but give this 5 stars.. I frequent Crazy Pita at least twice a week! Great location, nice outside eating or easy to grab and go. Food is seasoned to perfection.. Chicken skewer is amazing! OK, so is the steak. Can't go wrong with this place, and the quality of food at around $10 a plate is ridiculous.. fresh, fantastic and fast! Better than a fast food chain ANY day! If you can't enjoy this place for what it is, good food & price, better go back to McD's.
4	I have been wanting some good Greek food in henderson for a while now, and this place did not disappoint.  Pita was fresh and soft, falafal was fantastic!  Could have done without the lack of cherriness in the girl helping me, but I will go back for sure.  I have had a good amount of Greek food and this really compares.  It is hard to have falafal that doesn't taste bland and isn't dry.  Come here and you will not regret the move.
4	It is CRAZY!  Crazy to think this place is succesful in this area, but they seem to be busy quite often, and it looks like people are enjoying it.  I'd highly recommend the Shrimp Pita.  I enjoy their creamy, very creamy hummus.  At least I think I do....
4	Amazing couscous, chicken roasted to perfection, a meal under $10...what' not to like? One of the cheaper and better options in the district, it's a filling meal that you don't feel guilty about, wallet-wise or calorie-wise. They've got great kabobs. There's usually a five minute wait for the food, but that's ok. The food is worth waiting for, not everyone is Mcdonald's!
4	I love this place! We eat here at least three times a month. My fiance loves the roasted 1/2 chicken and I absolutely love the Shrimp Pita or Mediterranean Salad with Shrimp. Its an inexpensive place where you can get a quick meal but a quality meal that is tasty and healthy.. The food doesn't taste processed and its yummy..  They have the best service and the owner is extremely accommodating. We have catered with them before and they give you a lot of food for what you pay for. Overall one of our favorite places to dine at when we are short on time..
4	If you are looking for quick, tasty Mediterranean cuisine then Crazy Pita is your place.  The steak pita is fabulous...the steak is juicy and tender, the pita is super fresh and the feta has just the right tang.  The Mezza salad is a fav for me with a sampling of Hummus and Eggplant dip...both are creamy with a lot of flavor.  To some the price point can be a little high but there are always coupons floating around to soften the blow for the budget conscious.  Crazy Pita is definitely a good, healthy alternative to fast food.
4	I love me some Falafel. I eat falafel on a weekly basis and it never gets old. I am used to having my falafel sandwich coming in lavash then grilled and crispy on the outside. The Falafel at Crazy Pita comes on a pita rolled like a taco. It was also a little pricier than I usually spend for a falafel back home. $8.05 including tax. Inside are a couple of falafel patties which are well seasoned, hummus, roasted red peppers, and cucumber tomato salad. These were all good and fresh , but when piled in your pita, it is quite messy. I thought the whole time, I wish this was in a lavash or a combo platter. Don't get me wrong the pita was soft and delish, but all over my hands and shirt sleeves. I also wish they had a spicy sauce they could put on the pita to give a little kick instead of just having Cholula which is not the flavor I wanted.Overall, I would come back for a falafel sandwich here since it satisfied  my craving. I will also be trying to find that elusive 5 star falafel nearby, stay tuned...
4	Went here for lunch today and had the lamb skewer plate.  The husband got the lamb pita sandwich.My lamb skewer plate came with 1 long skewer of lamb that had 8 pieces of juicy lamb on it.  I only ate 5 of the pieces, the husband ate the other 3.  My plate also came with cous cous, squash, cucumber/feta salad, humus and pita bread.  Definitely a filling and tasty lunch.  Their pita bread is really fluffy and their humus is super creamy.The husband's pita sandwich was served with fries..... I liked mine better because it came with more meat and sides for about $1.50 more.Service:  not speedy so if you're strapped for time... you may be rushed to get in and out of here... but if you have 45 minutes for lunch... that should allow you enough time to order and enjoy your meal without having to "wolf" it downFood:  yummy! (4 stars) Ambiance: kinda noisy.... about 20 tables (3 stars)Location: near Panera at The District..easy to find and access (4 stars)Parking: lots of parking available (4 stars)Take out: Yes, you can call ahead and just pick up... very convenient (4 stars)
4	I had the chicken pita and was very pleased.  Clean friendly and comfortable atmosphere lead to an enjoyable dinner.  I recommend crazy pita to anyone that wants a quick bite to eat for cheap.  One more thing... try the Casablanca lager.
4	I've been a few times, and it's pretty good for the price of most things.  I mainly stick to the chicken, and it comes out in a timely manner.  I like the area it's located in to hang out, so it's a convenient spot to grab something to eat as well.  Just a pleasant experience.
4	I wanted to get something fast and close to my work.  I work right next to the District and had noticed this place before.  I decided to check it out.  I made sure to Yelp the place to see what I should get.  I read about 10 posts about the steak pita.  I told the girl at the counter that everybody on Yelp were talking about the steak pita.  I order it and took it back to office.  I have to say it was the best steak pita I have ever had!  This handheld piece of heaven was incredible.  I don't even know where to start.  The meat was so tender and cooked to perfection.  The sauce was tasty and really complimented the meat.  Just get the steak pita and you can thank me later!  The only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars is because it can get busy and you can wait up to 15 or more minutes to get your food.  I suggest calling in the order before you go.  I'm sure if they let you, but I'm going to try to call it in next time.
4	Crazy Pita at the District. They have a lot of tables inside and outside. Of course if its 100 degrees outside we recommend not sitting or eating on the iron chairs & tables. They have a few TV's in the place and for the most part they have it on ESPN (its a plus in my book).I am not a Greek food connoisseur...but I loved CP's Kefta & steak skewer combo plate. Kefta is spiced ground beef...theirs had a little kick to it, very tasty. The steak was also good and tender...i've had a lot of steak cooked to a point of calling it beef jerky. They serve their plates with couscous with sauteed veggies, hummus with bread, and a Feta salad. All this for  $11.95...I thought it was worth it because of the flavors and I always have extra to bring home to munch on later. They also have freshly brewed Shangri La Iced Tea....which I think is one of the best tasting iced teas out there. My wife likes their chicken skewer plate. I had a bite and its very tasty and cooked just right. A friend had the steak pita and its her favorite and always gets it.We have always had good service and the owner/ store mgr. always comes around and chats up everyone. Its not a fast food joint so don't think you'll get your order right away. The grilled food takes some time but its a reasonable wait. It gets crowded during lunch time, so make sure you have some time to spare.
4	Crazy Pita is a casual, no-fuss place to eat good, healthy Mediterranean/Greek food that tastes fresh and simple. You order at the counter, sit down at a table of your choice, and then wait for your order to be brought. When you're done eating, they clean up after you. Fast food, but with higher quality ingredients and higher prices- thumbs up in my book of good eats. I ordered the Salmon Skewer (on the specials menu)- one skewer of grilled salmon cubes marinated in a blend of lemon, herbs & spices (I think) served atop a bed of seasoned couscous and steamed zucchini & orange squash, and comes with a side of Feta Salad and Hummus (with your choice of Regular or Whole Wheat Pita slices). Salmon Skewer- The salmon tasted fresh, but a little too salty; however, when eaten together with the mild-tasting couscous, the saltiness balanced out. Couscous Mix- The couscous was lightly-flavored (maybe with chicken stock), and while I enjoyed the steamed orange squash (Butternut Squash, I believe), I didn't enjoy the overly-mushy zucchini. Feta Salad- Diced tomatoes, cucumbers & red onions, Bulgarian Feta Cheese & Kalamata Olives tossed in a light dressing and served atop a few pieces of Romaine lettuce. Pretty good. I could've done without the two pieces of lettuce that sat beneath the cucumber/tomato mix though. They looked like they were there for decoration, not part of the salad. Hummus with Pita Bread- The hummus was good, but I wish the pita bread was fluffier/softer. My mom ordered the Chicken Pita which comes with a side of Fries. If you like McDonald's fries, you'll like the fries at Crazy Pita. The fries were crispy, crunchy, piping hot...everything a fry should be.They were my favorite part of the meal; the fries get one whole star all to themselves. I think the next time I go, I'll try the chicken skewer or pita with a side of fries (of course). Also, I really liked the utensil dispensers (my first time seeing these), and wish that every fast food place has them installed sometime soon.
4	Lunch on the patio on a beautiful spring afternoon! I ordered the steak pita sans tomatoes of course. The pita bread was delightful; fluffily, warm, slightly chewy. The steak was served in big chunks, seasoned well and even served at a pleasant medium doneness. The pita also contained chunks of cucumber, sliced red onion, purple olives, feta crumbles and a creamy eggplant spread. I was immensely pleased with my pita. It was messy to eat with tasty juices dripping out. Delicious. It was served with well seasoned crispy fries and ketchup. Nothing needed additional seasoning. I left felling satiated but still light with a spring in my step. Definitely recommended for a lovely lunch when ravenous from a daunting afternoon of shopping! Steak pita, fries, and drink $11.29. Reasonable price for a fresh quality lunch.
2	I decided to give this place a try after seeing all the of the great reviews.  Sadly I was disappointed.  I orderd the steak pita and my husband orderd the lamb.  My husband is a big eater and I don't often consider any complaints from him about portion size to be conclusive but in this case I was also underwhelmed.  Both pitas were far smaller than what we have received at other greek restaurants (Greek Bistro, Paymons) and the meat was not particularly flavorful or tender.  The pita itself was soggy in spite of not having a significant amount of vegetables or sauce.  The fries were actually the highlight of the meal but the portion size was very small.  I am not a fry person but I would say that the fries at both Greek Bistro and Paymons are far superior.  That said I would probably not eat here again.
4	I love the chicken skewers!!! The meat is always very fresh. You always receive your food very quickly.
5	Yummy!!
5	I drive from Summerlin to eat at this wonderful Mid Eastern restaurant. They have the best hummus I've ever had!!  The owner is very nice and remembers his loyal customers!This place is a real find.  The Chicken Swewer plate includes steamed zucchini and butternet squash atop deliciously light coucous, seasoned with spices including cinammon, diced cucumber, feta, kalamata olives and diced tomato salad, with delicious chicken skewers seasoned perfectly with all kinds of seasoning very delicious!  The secret is in their seasonings and spices
5	Food was awesome! Light, healthy & filling but doesnt weigh you down! Incredible! We got the mezza salad & mixed skewer!
5	Really really awesome, a wee bit pricey and sometimes the lamb is kinda fatty. But omg if you hate cucumbers like I do, you will still fall in love with their cucumber side salad. Their hummus is awesome and they are so friendly! Really, all of their food is amazing! LOVE THIS PLACE!
4	Had dinner at Crazy Pita last night.  I was pleasantly surprised!  This little eatery is on the south side of The District just east of Lucille's.  The restaurant is clean and the staff is very friendly.  There is seating both inside and outside on the patio.  I had the shrimp pita with cucumber and tomato side salad.  Delicious!  I will definitely keep this place in mind.
4	Good healthy food at a reasonable price. I've never had anything there I didn't like. Try it. You won't be disappointed.
2	Everytime I eat here I get the feeling there's some old Greek man somewhere shaking his fist in disgust. It's not that the food is bad, it's just that saying that Crazy Pita has authentic Greek food is like saying Taco Bell has authentic Mexican food.The only real draw to this place is the location. It's inside The District and very close to my work. So if you're pressed for time or tired of waiting in line over at Panera Bread, feel free to try this place. Otherwise go find yourself a little Greek mom & pop shop where a little old lady in an apron is slicing your lamb in big slabs.... aka the right way.
2	Nothing crazy about this food except for the price.Do yourself a favor and head over to a mom and pop shop and eat authentic greek food, this is overpriced and undersliced!
5	D-Licious! While trying to think of a quick, healthy, eatery I stumbled upon Crazy Pita. Of course I used my Yelp search engine to find this fine dining establishment; conveniently tucked away inside Green Valley Ranch's very own District (right next to Panera Bread). The chicken pita sandwich was packed full of flavor! The chicken met my "distinguishable meats" requirement and the flavorful roasted red peppers, diced cucumbers, lettuce and what-have-you's were delectable. The pita sandwich's come with a side of fries or your choice of alternative sides (see menu for details). And though I wouldn't call the food authentic Greek eats, it's take on the Mediterranean style cuisine is quite tasty. Great location, excellent eats, TRY IT!
4	Crazy Pita, I wish I had known you sooner. It sits on the south side of the District, in an area I never frequent because I just never park over there. (I'm more of a Coffee Bean/Williams Sonoma girl when it comes to The District).I like Crazy Pita for their fresh and flavor ingredients and spot on customer service. And the hummus. OH the hummus. Where do I begin? It's the smoothest, tastiest hummus I've ever had and if I could purchase it by the tub-full it would become my new sriracha: I'd put it on anything and everything.The only things I've had from Crazy Pita are, well, the pitas. I didn't really care for the lamb, while flavorful it was served in the pita in big chunks that made it difficult to handle. I got the ground beef one the next time I was in there and it was delicious-perfectly seasoned and great with the salad-like toppings served with the pita.After reading many of Misti Y.'s reviews about her love for falafel in general, I finally decided to give it a spin here. I'm not sure why I was scared to try it-I think I just needed to get over the hurdle of falafel looking like ground meat and not tasting like ground meat (I've been tricked one too many times with a tasteless and disappointing meat substitute). Since I have no falafel to compare it to, I thought it was great! The texture was good and the falafel had great flavor. My only ding would be that it was a little salty for my taste.I'm not sure if the pitas are made from scratch here, they kind of taste like it to me, but I could be wrong. Regardless, they're yummy-not too chewy and served warm. The pitas come with a side of fries, but I always opt for the crave-worthy hummus which is served with pita triangles (because I didn't get enough carbs with the other pita). True, Crazy PIta is a little pricey, but I'm sure the lease on the place ain't cheap. They use fresh ingredients and the staff has always been nice, so definitely worth a visit if you're looking to change up your dining options at The District!
2	Best thing about the place is the roasted chicken, Ive had better . The sides are nothing to write home about. Hummus is awful watery and tastes like its from a can and the feta salad needs help too....
4	Yum yum yum. It's fast, clean, and good. I frequent it often now that I've found it. The staff is always so friendly and helpful with the highchairs. Food is delish and plently of options. Thumbs up!
5	Their hummus is smooth perfection.  I can make a meal out of the hummus and pita bread alone.
4	Friendly staff! I got the chicken and vegetarian pita. I liked the chicken pita more. Found it more flavorful.Clean environment.
2	Crazy Pita's . . . well, not bad.  That's the best I can give it . . .Not bad.  The restaurant offers healthier fast food with a Mediterranean theme, but with surprisingly little flavor.  The lamb was cooked well and kept relatively tender, but under-seasoned and uninspired.  In addition, Crazy Pita chops the gyro lamb into chunks rather than thin strips.  It makes a gyro difficult to eat.  The hummus was fairly bland, but enjoyable to the extent that unflavored blended chick peas make you happy.  The pita was toasted and tasty, but, toasted white bread is pretty easy to make delicious.All of this is pretty surprising given the price being charged by Crazy Pita.  The price tag says the restaurant is upscale with something unique to offer, but the food is generic and fairly bland Mediterranean.Bottom line: it's not a bad place to stop into when you're stuck at the District at Green Valley and want something quick, but don't drive any distance to come here.
5	Best food ever! Love the roasted chicken and the hummus is the best I have ever tasted!
4	Today I was in the mood for a healthy delight before my hair appointment just across the street so Crazy Pita it was!I had previously raved about this hidden treasure but today's experience fell a bit short and here's the main reason:Price.I spent $12.00 on a grilled chicken pita  that consisted primarily of lettuce accompanied by a handful of generic french fries. Don't get me wrong, the flavoring (in the very little bit of chicken I received) was delicious, but the pita was not soft at all and the flavorless lettuce just didn't do the trick.Though I'm disappointed in my second visit here, the friendly service did make up for  a small portion of what was lacking in the food.If I want to pay $12 for a salad on a piece of pita bread I'll go to Whole Foods next time ;)
5	This is my Peanut Butter & Jelly. My husband & I are very different when it comes to food. For example, he can eat PB&J every day for lunch & not get tired of it. Not that he does, but he says he can. I have never understood this b/c 1) I'm not fond of PB&J sandwiches, never have been. &2) I can't eat the same thing every day, day after day b/c I just can't. I need variety!Well this is my PB&J! I finally found something I could eat everyday for lunch, dinner or hell, even breakfast! I always get the same thing, the Lamb skewer plate which comes with 1 skewer of the most succulent, tender & deliciously seasoned lamb I have ever had along with couscous topped with zucchini & squash, feta salad, hummus & pita. It's perfect & delicious every. single. time. In fact, it's keeping me from trying anything else on the menu but I'm ok with that. Maybe someday I will branch out, but for now, if I could eat it every day, I probably would & not tire of it for a very long time!
4	This place holds up over time!  Consistent Quality and Taste!  :)Plus, they serve up tasty food fast.  It is NOT fast food.I really enjoy their Lamb Kabobs, but what I REALLY LOVE here is their vegetable couscous.  Their couscous is light, airy and has squash in it which I LOVE.  :)The folks here are nice and quick.In the past year, I've typically called in my order and picked it up.  So Easy!I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for an easy meal that is tasty and healthy.
4	The food was tasty and service friendly. Moderately priced about 9$ for a entree which is very reasonable for healthier food in the area.Cool place and good vibe for a quick bite, hope they do well. They have both indoor and outdoor seating and its located on the side of the district so its easy to get in and out of for to go orders. My only gripes were they use plastic plates and utensils for the sit in guest and that they didn't have nutrition information available. Both not a huge deal but would be nice.
5	The oral surgeon I refer our patients to delivered Crazy Pita to my dental office today.  And to be honest, I'm not a huge fan of meats that are on a skewer because they tend to be dry especially chicken.  But I gotta say, the chicken was so soft and tender, I loved it!  It's the first time in my life I could say I prefer the grilled chicken over the beef.  The roasted chicken was fantastic as well.We also had the appetizer sampler, which was good, along with their green salad.  I really liked their Greek dressing.The stars of the show were definitely the chicken.  Eating those alone with some hummus and you'll be straight.
3	It's nicer looking inside than nearby Mannas but hardly more impressive. It has quite a franchise feel-- despite the fact that its the only location -- I think. Their steak pitas are tasty and loaded with diced veggies. The fries are OK. I do see myself coming back again the next time I need something fast, as its obviously a much better than some random corporate burger joint. I haven't really felt the urge lately though so I guess we'll hafta see when that time comes. If you like middle eastern themed food and are sick and tired of subway and burgers and greasy mexican fastfood, I would recommend this place as a tastier alternative.
4	Heard and knew about this place, but never tried it. Thought it was like one of the gyro places at a food court in the mall. Wrong! It's a large sit down restaurant, however you do order at the counter. Went in with a party of four, everyone got the grilled shrimp pita, but me. I went for the steak pita. Tender chunks of filet, hummus, feta, olives and chopped cucumbers wrapped in soft pita bread. Simply a delicious wrap of flavor!No complaints from the other three about their shrimp pitas. I did try the fries off my husbands plate, they may want to reconsider the vendor. They were plain and soggy with grease. Fortunately I got the cucumber & tomato salad which was fresh, crisp and tasty! Food was served on paper plates with plastic utensils which was odd, since its not fast food to go. Atmosphere was fresh and bright. The service was friendly and fast. Look forward to going back and trying something else. Maybe the chicken because the wonderful aroma from the chicken filled the restaurant and smelled delicious!
4	I have to blame Town Square for not having been to the Green Valley District in forever, and thus not having discovered Crazy Pita before now.  Granted the place doesn't have the best real estate in the District, but make sure to seek it out when you visit, so you won't miss out on some yummy Greek food that's also healthy!Very simple interiors with some cute photos of the Greek coast on the wall, I like the bright and clean feeling of the decor.  The staff is very helpful, I changed my mind about taking the food to go and they were quick to pour a glass of water so I could eat there.  Gyros are yummy, filled with veggies and meat, they're worth every dollar.  The roasted vegetables couscous is warm and full of flavor, the kind that my imaginary Greek grandma would make for me.  They even have whole wheat pita, if you're on a no-white-carbs health run like me.A perfect exclamation to a good meal: they carry The Republic of Tea bottled iced teas - simply the best iced tea on the planet.  Sure it's 5 bucks, but with the inexpensive yet high-quality food, it makes for a well-rounded meal.
5	Our favorite Mediterranean Restaurant is Crazy Pita, this rotisserie produces some of the best tasting grilled meats and vegetables around.  It's a reliable, healthy dining choice and lunch is always packed, it's the most popular venue at Green Valley District! (my opinion)We had a great lunch outside; it was a warm, sunny day and we took Stella out on an outing!! Since it was her birthday, we decided to give her some special attention.  Next to the Crazy Pita is the Flea Bag Bakery & Bow-tique where we got her Birthday bone cookie and party favors for Sam and Frank.We started out the meal with some cold carbs: the grape leaves had our appetites going with the citrus and tangy flavors complementing the rice-it's a great appetizer or a light snack.If you order one of the main entree plates, get ready for a full meal!  Here, we have the Mezza Salad platter; Cucumber Salad, Roasted Red Peppers, Artichoke Hearts, Hummus, Babganoush, and Feta Cheese with Olives.  We added a Chicken Kabob for the Protein, (not that we needed anymore food) marinated cubes of Chicken is great to dip into the Hummus and vegetables!Our favorites here is any of the Pita sandwiches: this time, we ordered the Chicken Pita with Roasted Red Peppers and Hummus.  It's all pretty much the same thing, just wrapped in with more carbs, but who cares?  Also, they sell the bread here, which you should get because it's one the best pitas breads available to us here in Vegas.Another Pita sandwich that we get a lot is the Lamb-it's pretty decadent but soooo friction good!Rating (Out of Five Stars)Food           4Ambience   3Service        3
4	Very healthy options that give your taste buds an awesome treat if you're near Green Valley Ranch.I usually eat outside with my girlfriend if I have time but usually I'll order to go. They always have my plates ready within 15 minutes. I usually order the chicken skewer plate, this has plenty of diet variety including a small salad, vegetables and protein. I get full every time.Of course there's always the baklava that is awesome here, the portion is perfect for that after meal treat.
5	I love Crazy Pita. Their food is fresh, flavorful and delicious. My favorites are the lamb anything, the Vegetable Couscous and the baklava. I often order off their catering menu for our parties.
5	Absolute best healthy fast food anywhere around. LOVE this place. First thing you notice when you go in is that it is immaculate and shining. They cook in an open kitchen so there are no secrets here, the cleanliness is through and through. Food is amazing and always tastes like someone has been slaving for hours. I can't praise this place enough. If they were within walking distance I would be eating there every single day. Best Mediterranean food around and the staff is wonderful. Very nice, always happy, and they always remember us when we go in. Their chicken is the absolute best I've had.
5	I come here often for lunch and dinner, and love all the vegan options. The Crazy Pita salad and Mediterranean Salad are both great, and their hummus with whole wheat pita is delish. Crazy Pita is great!
4	I've eaten here on several occasions and have been itching to come back. Love their food. As a vegetarian, I have tried both the Vegetarian Pita and the Falafel Pita. I wasn't a fan of the Falafel, and it may not be due to the way that they prepare it. I'm probably just not a Falafel fan. But I do love their Vegetarian Pita and I tend to get it every time I am here. Big time fan! I also love the fries but sometime they can be hit or miss. But boy when they hit, very crispy and delicious!! I think I might try the Mezza Salad to switch things up next time, but it'll be hard to steer away from what I love. I'd recommend this place to those who want something a little outside of the typical norm of a burger or burrito on a quick lunch break. Lunch time can be pretty hectic. Ordering is never an issue, it's the finding a place to sit after you order that becomes the headache. But overall, the taste is great. Check it out!
3	I don't know if I have to run back here again anytime soon.  Guy behind the cash register was very friendly and very accommodating. Place was very clean & decorated nicely.Hummus for me was way over processed.  It was as smooth as silk, almost like water.  I think it needed more flavor it was super duper bland. Definitely needed to be thicker and have much more garlic [I didn't even get a hint of garlic].  Pita was nice and warm. Side of Hummus sets you back $3.95 Now that I look at the pix the soupie hummus have been posted so you can see what I mean.Ordered the chicken Pita with cucumber, tomato, feta salad. My GF ordered the same. Total Bill [with a coupon] was still over $23.00.  Chicken was really flavorful everything else that was in the Pita was pretty bland [once again] we ordered sides of tzatziki to add some flavor. Also, I did not spy any hot sauce anywhere to put on my pita. This is definitely not like the street meat one finds in NYC.  It was average at best.2 other weird things to note 1) they do have TV's and we got the pleasure of watching ESPN Duck Hunting {WTF?} while we ate...BORING.  2) they had the front doors wide open even though it's still 90 degrees outside which zapped up all the cold AC so it was a little warm in there for our tastes.
4	Never disappointed! Came here for lunch today, and now have turned a friend on to it. Ordered the Steak Pita with a side of hummus! The steak was tender and tasty with crisp cucumber & tomatos then fresh pita bread wrapped around it ! Perfect combination. The hummus was creamy with a hint of garlic.. My lunch date enjoyed it too, she had the Chicken Pita. The service is great. They are happy to have your business and it shows. Always friendly and helpful with any questions you may have. After bringing the food to you, they are always following up to see if everyone is to your liking..... again, great service! Would love to try another entree but when you find something that you like... its hard to change.
2	Would not go back. This place looked interesting and was very busy, so I decided to skip Panera and try it. I grew up in Detroit and love authentic Mediterranean food. Both my food and service experience were disappointing. The price is high ($10 for a falafel pita and a side if you won't want fries) and I waited for nearly 15 minutes for my order. When I received it, it had french fries instead of my .95 cent side of hummus. I let them know and they gave me a side of hummus. Then they chased me down in the parking lot because they gave me the wrong pita as well. They said it was my lucky day because I got two pitas for the price of one. When I got back to work to eat, the "free mystery pita" had been covered in ketchup that they just put in the to-go box instead of a container. The entire pita bread was ruined, but the steak contents survived (I don't eat steak any how). Although the manager/owner was very nice, the ordering experience was all messed up. Now onto the food, the falafal was dry, the pita bread soggy and the hummus is a bland runny mess. You can always judge a place by the pita bread and hummus and this is not good stuff. Do not waste your time...this place is just so so.
4	Fast Friendly Fresh  all things you like when you are hungry . Had the lamb that was tender and tasty.enjoyed the salad and hummus.Very good pita bread ,the service was quick and the place was clean . Will return soon
5	I love the food here.  So delicious and fresh.  Nice to be able to eat outside and have a drink as well. The chicken is my favorite.
1	Last night I ordered the chicken pita and the chicken wasn't fully cooked. I got food poisoning and am in the hospital.
4	I am a fan..for the Lamb Shank at Crazy Pita!  They only have this on weekends I believe.  Why?  Because it was braised for hours and hours in order for it to be so tender that the meat just falls off the bone.  I even get to eat the marrow from the lamb shank.  This is serve with a side of hummus, salad, and warm pieces of pita.  I tried the falafel pita with a side of babaganoush and pita.  I had better falafel elsewhere, but the babaganoush was packed with flavors.I like it here because there are seats outside for you to sit if you bring along your pet friend.Will I be coming back?  Heck Yeah!!!
4	Their food always has the feeling of being fresh & light (unless you get the fries, and come on, fries can never really be described in that way). My favorite thing to get here is the marinated chicken skewers; they come with hummus, feta salad, and couscous, but I'm not a fan of the couscous so I ask to sub it out with either extra hummus or extra salad, and they never have an issue with that (I love a place that doesn't balk at simple substitutions!). The hummus is more watery than I like and not as flavorful as I'd like, so instead of dipping my pita pieces in it, I use it as a sauce for my chicken, which has a TON of good flavor. The feta salad as awesome -- tiny pieces of romaine, feta, tomato, cucumber, and red onion with a couple kalamata olives (I don't like olives so I pick those out). My mom is crazy about their Mediterranean salad, which is an entree salad with romaine, tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, roasted red peppers, roasted cauliflower, artichoke hearts, and kalamata olives (it's also awesome if you add a skewer's worth of chicken to it). The dressing they have for the salad is SO DAMN GOOD that I always end up stealing some to dip my pita wedges in. Sure, I could order a side of it for my own use, but it's always more fun (and the food seems to taste better) when you steal it from someone else, no?
2	Despite the fact that this place is in a little trendy part of Henderson, and that there are power-luchers everywhere enjoying thei meals, I didn't care much for the place. I am all about eating a yummy kefta, I have even perfected the act of making them at home. When my order came out everything looked great. I was so excited to dig in! But I have to say, the flavors fell short....or maybe there were too many flavors. Can that even happen? Well, the flavors were not really spicy, per se, but there were so many in the beef kefta that I was over-whelmed. I was burping up my food until I went to bed that night. Not fun.
4	Great food! I got the chicken pita and was very pleased. They offer chicken, lamb, steak, and shrimp in pitas, the same for kebabs, and a variety of sides. The grape leaves are delicious and a small order is more than enough for two to share. Try the chicken and lentil soup! Very tasty.
4	What a nice surprise!  I am a huge fan of mediterranean food and this place was quite nice! a.  Ambiance / location- 5 star - located in the Green Valley District, it is cozy, boutique-ish and very nice.b.  Price - 4 star - Mostly everything is under 10.00 and like 7.95 to 9.95.  Comes with Extras like Hummus, feta salad and couscous, so generally beside the salads, a full meal. c.  Service -  3 star - I am quite shocked that this place had a Gallaria Food court style service. It is just like Cafe Rio and Roberto's.  You go to a counter and order food, get the drinks, get a numbered tent card, wait at a table and then the food comes out in plastic.  The people there are 5 star based on their limited requirements, the style of service for such great food is more fast food like and this does not do justice to the food itself. It takes away from the experience vs. adding to the experience.d.  Charity - 5 star - The place is a mecca for the "be kind" movement and this is to me both admirable in its charity and inspiring in it's leadership. I love coming to places that support the community and in this regard, plus the great style of food, I am coming back for sure!e.  Take Out - 4 star - Everything is available to order, take home. Packaging is perfect and all is just right. They even have gift cards and all. This is great.GK says,  check it out.  Nice!
5	Crazy Pita is fresh quick healthy tasty food! I have had almost everything on the menu. My favorites are the chicken skewers which are very tasty! Also I enjoy the steak pita. The meat is perfectly seasoned and never dry. Also the owners and managers treat you like family. I would recommend crazy pita the food is fresh healthy and never is disappointing.
4	We had a good meal today at Crazy Pita, and in a nutshell I'd say it is a very solid choice for a "fast casual" Middle-Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant. The price, service, and food were all good.We ordered a chicken pita, and a falafel pita with hummus as sides. The flame-grilled chicken in my pita had a yellow, savory sauce that had a mild almost curry-like flavor.Neither the chicken nor the falafel were too spicy or "garlicky," so I think most diners would be fine with it. I would say our food definitely fit into the "mild" category. If you crave really hot spicy food you might have to request them to dial up the spiciness.The hummus was good. It had a very smooth texture, and a medium amount of garlic. I think most diners would be happy with it.My only minor gripe, which keeps this from being a perfect experience is the pita they gave me to dip in my hummus were undercooked and doughy. I'm sure it was just the batch though, because the pita in my sandwich was just fine.Overall a very good experience, and we would definitely eat here again. :)
4	Good pita's at the district at green valley ranch. The quality of food is very good and you wont be disappointed.
5	I thought I was going here too often because I was greeted by name. Then I realized that a healthy percentage of customers were greeted by name by both the owner and staff which speaks to both the quality of the restaurant and the loyalty of its customers. The salmon skewer is my current favorite. But it's seasonal as I was told they will only have it on the menu if it meets their quality standards. If the salmon isn't available, I rotate between the vegetarian pita, shrimp pita, shrimp skewer, or Caesar salad with shrimp. All are delicious options. While I don't eat meat, their carnivore options come highly recommended from everyone I've known to eat here.It's a great place for a casual, quality meal and the outdoor dining is great if the weather is nice.
4	Great food and service.  My new favorite lunch spot!
4	Good food and great patio dining.  Parking is lousy but it always is at the district.
5	I have been eating here for a long time and NEVER had a food issue until tonight. It was a carry out order so until I got home I did not realize that my meats were really over cooked. I called it in and was astonished at how far and beyond they went to fix the issue. This place is the best, and my family will continue to eat here multiple times a month!!!!
5	Love, love, love!!!  One of my favorite places to eat!  Their food is always fresh and delicious. You cannot beat their french fries.  I also love that we can casually eat outside and have a glass of wine if we like.  The baklava is also outrageous!  Very friendly staff and clean establishment.
5	The best food! Regardless of what you get. Go ahead give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
5	the food here is so delicious!! Everyone who works here is just as friendly as the owner. Easy take out, and a great place to stop and eat at.
4	It's pita time.  Last time I order the chicken it was yellow and it was okay.  Order the fries extra ranch
4	We were in the area for a school event for our 10th grader, and based on the reviews we tried Crazy Pita. Take the time to figure out where it is -- if you just google maps it, you might struggle a little.So the three of us had the steak skewers, the lamb skewers, and the falafel wrap. We also had a side of hummus. The food was very good. They have Coke products (fountain) which is a bonus.The only complaint I have is that the pita bread that came out with the hummus was gooey inside. It might be the way they warm the bread up. Was it microwaved? Not sure. The bread tasted good, but the texture was a bit off.As someone else noted, the hummus is on the silky side, not thick. It was yummy and I dont mind the thinness, but just FYI.If we were in the area, we would go here again -- it was really good. 2 skewers, 1 wrap, 2 sodas, 1 small hummus = $40. Not bad for 3 people!
5	Owner took time to explain food allergens in our order with confidence!  Overall, excellent!  Pita is fresh, hummus Rocks, and lamb is tender full of flavor.  Healthy choice.  Thanks, see you next year for baseball tourny.   Hope one is developed in San Diego!
4	When I was visiting my friend a couple weeks ago, he brought me here for an inexpensive dinner.I had the chicken skewer plate and everything was wonderfully tasty!Where do I start? The chicken kebab was tender, juicy and flavorful. The warm pita was so soft and fresh. The hummus was amazing! The couscous was awesome and the cucumber salad was refreshing. I finished everything on my plate. In my opinion, the chicken here was way better than what I would get a place like Zankou here in LA.
4	This place is delicious!!! It's right down the street from my job. I only took a star off because I was disappointed that they didn't deliver although it says delivery:yes. I learned that they only cater for orders over $100; that's a lot different than delivery. I was looking for a relatively healthy place to eat food, since I'm on a healthy kick. I bought the two item skewer (chicken and shrimp) and I was very pleased. The combo was loaded and the food was fresh. Also, the ice tea selection was pretty intense; plenty to choose from. I chose the passion fruit tea and it was yummy!If you're looking for a healthy/ier option than what you've been stuffing down your throat, this may be your best bet in the area. Great option for lunch. you won't be disappointed!On that note, I wish they would deliver (maybe on orders over $20?). I would order a few times a week since I'm too lazy to cook at home and I'm tired of the convenient options that loaded with failure to your health (pizza, Chinese, fast food, etc.).I can only hope.
1	Well the hummus was good but that was about it. The Mediterranean salad with chicken was a disappointment. The chicken was over cooked and dry. I spent close to 13 bucks for a salad with dry Chicken and a two dollar bottle of water . Don't waste your money.
5	This place is awesome!  Good Fresh Food Fast!!  The staff is always fabulous and service great!  Can't wait for the Town Square location so I can go there for lunch!
5	Roasted chicken is super good and the feta salad is amazing! Love this place for a quick, healthy lunch or dinner
4	Needed something quick and not too heavy so I could focus on finishing a project for school, so my husband called ahead and it was ready and waiting when I arrived.  Easy parking since they have several 15 minutes pick-up spots designated for Crazy Pita.  Yeah!We had a veggie skewer with red pepper, red onion, egg plant, and tomato, and we also ordered a shrimp skewer and falafel with hummus (they were served with roasted peppers which made my husband so very, very happy).  The skewer came with hummus, feta salad, and veggie couscous.  There were beautiful chunks of butternut squash with the couscous and they ended up being my favorite!I love that they don't over salt their food.  It was grilled beautifully, the hummus was creamy, and the feta salad was crisp and cold.  Nicely done!
1	Found hair in food!! Chicken tasted like cleaning supplies. Overall very bland :( do NOT come here!! Two nights ago my wife and I decided to give that place a try. After reading the reviews on yelp we were excited to get some food there. We ordered the steak pita, half chicken and falafel with hummus on the side. Also a side order of zazikki. All togo. It took about 10min until the food was ready. When we got home we were super excited about the food. But it wasn't that great. Rather disappointing. The taste was very bland. A few bits in my wife found a HAIR in here pita. Disgusting. My first half of the rotisserie chicken was ok (didn't taste right off the grill) and the second one like cleaning supplies. Couldn't eat that anymore. Overall very disappointing!!! Not going back!
5	Best kept secret in GVR. The pitas and skewers are absolutely out of control. The two skewer plate is a great choice with any meat, although the lamb is probably the best you're ever going to have anywhere so if you're open to new flavors I'd highly recommend it.
5	I had the Caesar salad today with shrimp and it was absolutely the best salad I've ever eaten!  It had the perfect amount of dressing, which tasted the best of any Caesar dressing and the shrimp were perfectly cooked, fresh, and seasoned to perfection.  The lettuce was fresh, crisp and just delightful!  I highly recommend this salad and Crazy Pita!
5	The food is delicious.  The steak skewers are great, better than the chicken. If you get a plate it's worth the price since it comes with a feta cucumber salad, hummus and slices of pita bread, cous cous with squash,  and the steak.
4	I don't know why I didn't try this place sooner! This is great stuff with some healthy options. It's perfect for a quick and light lunch. My chicken wrap on whole wheat pita was incredible! The feta cucumber salad is so refreshing and delicious. My husband liked all the iced tea options.  It was nice to be served by smiling and friendly employees. The restaurant has plenty of seating, and the outdoor tables are great for nice days. This is such a great healthy alternative in the area. And to think, all those times I "settled" on Panera next door! Will definitely be back for lunch.
5	Loved the food and service. The owner impressed me with his warmth, individual approach to visiting with customers and bringing the food to the table.  Food was delicious (I had the Falafel Pita and hubby had the lamb pita) but the genuine service made it an even better experience.
3	First time here, not exactly sure if I will return. The District has few great choices for good food but this place was pretty good. Had the Chicken Pita and it was great. Loved how moist the chicken was and the fresh greens inside were awesome. All pita's come with fries. I will say I kinda prefer Pita Pit since you can build your own and add whatever you want. I thought this place was rather pricey. For $1 more you can go to a Mediterranean place and sit restaurant style.
5	I go to Crazy Pita for the Kabobs.Their meat is thick cut, juicy and tender. Not like the thin, bone dry slabs of meat I've seen at other Kabob places.I love the beef, chicken and shrimp kabobs.Highly recommended!
4	One of my girlfriends suggested Crazy Pita when I said I was into Mediterranean food.  I met two of my girlfriends for lunch yesterday at The District location.I had the chicken pita, which was grilled chicken with cucumbers, humus and red peppers, it was very good!  It was incredibly messy, it started to fall apart as I ate it.It came with a side of fries, which were just okay.  They also have 3 different iced teas, I had the black tea.  There was also tropical and green tea.I was impressed with the service, the waitress was friendly and attentive.  After we ate she came and asked to take our plates.  The staff was charming.  I enjoyed the food which wasn't too pricy it was about $8.99 for my chicken pita.  Yep, I will definitely go back again!
5	Real fire grill, deep flavor, delicious marinades, variety of salads, meats, and sandwiches that taste delicious and are kid friendly. Restaurant is immaculate- so are the restrooms, and the staff is happy and upbeat. Reasonable prices seal the deal- it's a must try that will turn into a regular in your restaurant rotation.
5	I love this place.Super filling. Not a fan of the hummus, but all in all its awesome!
2	If you are looking for authentic Middle Eastern food this is not your place.  The service was excellent but it couldn't make up for the tasteless food.  Perhaps someone needs to tell them hummus has tahini in it.  The vegetable pita was supposed to have eggplant dip on it but I couldn't taste it.  And if I wanted those type of fries I would have gone to Micky D's.  Won't be back.
5	Owner is in the restaurant, greeting customers. I'm glad to ser this for a change. Skewers and the Moroccon red chilli sauce was very good.
4	Nice little place to eat in Green Valley for a simple lunch. I ordered the shrimp pita with a side salad. Since it was beautiful outside, my sister and I sat on the outdoor patio area. It was nice to enjoy the sun and see everyone outside with their dogs. I had to resist the temptation to feed the little pups around me, but I was very happy to keep the shrimp pita to myself because it was delicious. I enjoyed the flavor combination of hummus, seasoned shrimp, and roasted red bell peppers.
5	Love this place! Excellent food, outstanding service and always a good vibe inside. I highly recommend it!
5	Went here for dinner and everything was fantastic. The employees were very nice, we ate outside in a lovely little patio and the food was great. Nice kids menu and their rotisserie and pitas were tasty as well. The only thing I will change next time is replacing the fries that came with my son's dinner for hummus instead, this was my fault as I didn't read the whole description for his meal.
5	Food is amazing and everyone is super friendly!! I dont know how they cook their chicken but its soooo good
4	Crazy Pita is a delightful little restaurant in The District, that serves flavorful Mediterranean food.My bf and I have been there twice now, and I am pleased to say that their food is consistently good.I LOVE Mediterranean cuisine.   Falafel, hummus, lamb...I love it all, but its sometimes hard to find good quality.Friday evening, having a little time to kill, but not enough time to wait at other places, we decided to hit Crazy Pita.I ordered the kefte platter, which is seasoned ground beef deliciousness.  Its served on a bed of veggie couscous, with hummus, and a cucumber and feta salad. Everything was wonderful.My fella ordered the combination platter, and selected the shrimp and lamb skewers.  YUM.  Shrimp was great, and the lamb was SO tender.  Reasonable prices, clean location, and very friendly staff all add to The Crazy Pita's appeal.  Whenever I find myself on this side of town, I would be glad to come back again.
4	Absolutely delicious!* friendly and helpful service* clean restaurant* wonderful foodA group of 6 of us came in (4 adults and 2 kids) on a Sunday evening.  The kids got shrimp on a stick which was so wonderfully seasoned, but maybe a bit much for their palate.  No problem because we (the grown ups) were happy to gobble them up.I had the chicken pita which had a thinner hummos as the 'sauce' and a delightful little diced cucumber and onion relish-type stuff.  Chicken was seasoned and cooked perfectly!  My husband had the falafel that sat in that lovely hummos.  All in all a wonderful meal and quite a surprise for a counter-order, mall restaurant.(4 stars for some small, nit picky things:  (1) kids' shrimp had a strong (yet delicious) garlic & curry flavoring and that's a tough sell to little ones  (2) the hummos was yummy on a pita as a sauce, but on its own was a little thin )
4	Had a wonderful lunch at Crazy Pita today. I had been here quite a while ago and decided to go back, I'm glad I did.I got the lamb skewer which comes with couscous, a feta salad and hummus. You can trade the hummus for any side. I decided on the roasted eggplant dip which was excellent. It has a smoky flavor and comes with pita bread. The lamb was also delicious. It was cooked perfectly and very tender. The couscous had squash mixed in it, I thought it was okay, The staff were all friendly and came by to check on us and offered us more pita bread. It is a little pricey but I will return soon.
2	Not a fan......I ordered the $7.99 falafel Salad, and a veggie pita...my fiance got  a chicken pita....the cucumber salad tasted as if water had been run through it before its service to us....BLAND CITY! the humus was tasteless...and the cauliflower in my pita was a very dark brown/black color...as if it was rotten....it even tasted off as well so i sent it back....His chicken was a bit dry, and loaded with the tasteless watered down cucumber salad......one thing that turned us off was that I saw them pull the pitas out of bags....i understand if you run out and use store bought pita as back up...but with a name like Crazy Pita...you would think they have their supplies down pat?...espeically for a tuesday afternoon....pretty pricey for mediocre food....we wont be back...
5	Everything we had was great. We ordered the beef skewer plate, the chicken skewer plate and the baklava.
5	Ok, what I'm about to write is going to sound crazy to some and put me in the MAJOR DORK catagory but---I don't care.My personal trainer has me on a specific meal plan and I'm just sick and tired of grilled chicken, fish, veggies and brown rice. Based on pictures the food seemed NON greasy and extremely light. I ordered the mix grill of any two skewers with Lamb and Shrimp being the choice. It came with hummus, feta salad, and vegetable cous cous. When I got home I took one bite of the lamb/shrimp and it was absolute HEAVEN! Now---listen. I wasn't "JUST" hungry. There's a difference between saying something is delicious (nachos, pizza, cake) vs. something that is HEAVEN. The reason why I used the word Heaven is because there was no denying FRESHNESS about each ingredient. There were exotic spices and flavors  added that didn't overpower the food at all and sent my taste buds into a frenzy! I come from a culinary arts background and I honestly haven't had food like this in a very long time. I'm not in the culinary business anymore, but there was a time when I ate like this ALL the time. I have a collection of Bible movies (boring, I know you'll say) but in these movies as well in the bible they ate food like this all the time. I swear---when I was eating my mixed grill I felt like I was sitting at the table with JESUS! LOL---no lie! I can just imagine dining on these fresh ingredients while listening to a parable. LOL-- No msg, no red #40, no other words I can't pronouce. Just plain food cooked and prepared as it was originally intended to be. I called the owner---which I NEVER do, and told him how wonderful EVERY SINGLE BITE tasted. (I didn't mention I saw Jesus...haha) He was very happy and remembered me and what I ordered when I picked it up. It's amazing how we forget that less is so much more and we don't always need butter, gravy, salt, and cheese to get flavor. I am truly amazed that not only did I remain intact with my meal plan, but I actually ENJOYED my healthy food the same as if I was eating a pepperoni pizza!Staff was SUPER friendly and what really sealed the deal was my MEDIUM RARE lamb was ACTUALLY medium rare! LOVE IT!
5	I come here all the time and every time the staff is so friendly. This is always somewhere I think of to grab a quick, healthy bite to eat.
5	Been here once with the whole family and twice with the wifey. The food is excellent and the staff is very nice. They tend to be busy at lunch which is to be expected because their are a lot of businesses in the area. The Hummus and pita's are so good and the salads are great too, The cool thing about this place is they have a paper menu with all the nutritional information listed. I'm on a low sodium diet so it's really nice to see what the sodium content for each meal is. I wish every restaurant did that. This is one of our go to places to eat.
4	Very clean and nice restaurant. Quick and friendly service. My wife had the chicken pita wrap which she loved and I had the steak and lamb kabob, also pretty good. We will Defin be back.
5	They have some of the best food I've eaten and they're exceptionally customer oriented! They have earned a loyal customer, we will continue to come and eat here often!!
3	The food tastes ok, nothing special that jumps out at you as far as uniqueness of the food or the place. Service was good, price a little high for the quality. Other places in town serve same style food are better then this place at a reasonable price.
3	Tonight we wanted to eat somewhere different.(We eat out ALLOT) and we're tired of the same thing.So we saw the crazy pita. The service and the taste of the food was good and was the atmosphere.  The only reason I am giving it a 3 is because i was expecting a pita pocket type sandwich.After researching it . It can go both ways.And I wish they had a build your own.
5	I go there 3 times a week. Always the best food. Always the friendliest staff. Very fast. Does not charge you for all the extras. Addictive!!!!! Love all the girls there. Be good to them. They take care is you!!!! Get a beer, or the best tropical tea ever!!!!  janine
5	Always a great experience at Crazy Pita.  The food is great, the menu is well done and the service is fantastic.  This is my go to lunch spot in The District.   The chicken pita is my favorite.
3	This was my first visit here, and I used a buy 1 get 1 50% coupon. I had the shrimp pita & the lamb pita. Both were good, but I was expecting to be more than mildly impressed with the meals. The lamb was mostly tender, save for some fat on the big chunks. Both were lacking much flavor, and they needed more hummus. It's fresh food, for sure, and that is a plus. Pretty messy meals, I resigned to fork & knife. I enjoyed the fries that come with the pitas. I'd like to try the kabobs next time!
4	First time in...will definitely be back.Mixed grill skewers with one lamb and one steak. Both perfectly cooked and tasty. Hummus and plenty of pita to last with everything ordered. Not a big falafel guy, but I tried the wife's and it was delicious, excellent seasoning made a fan out of this carnivore. Highly recommend this place.
