3	One night for dinner, my bf's mom took us out to eat here.  The food was not bad, but nothing to really rave about. I had a New England Clam Chowder, which just tasted like soup I could make out of a can. However, my bf's mom had a linguine pasta with oysters that looked really good. This place wasn't great, but it didn't suck either.+ pros:+ seafood was fresh, which was surprising since we were in the middle of the desert. - cons:- there was a fly in my water. i don't know how the waiter didn't notice it when he poured my water.- restaurant is situated right in the middle of a casino.. not like most casino restaurants where they're usually enclosed so you aren't bothered with the chaos going on. but this restaurant was literally placed in the middle of the casino, and you're pretty much eating right next to all the slot machines and a huge walkway. sucks because when i was trying to eat, there were people smoking in the casino almost right next to us... not so pleasant.
3	Is it sad that some of the better seafood meals I've had were in Vegas?Where dose this town in the middle of the desert find so much quality seafood?I know most will probably say the Los Angeles / San Diego area, but there has to be a secret hatchery near Vegas where they add a little bit of crack to keep people coming back for more.Anyways, New England Clam Chowder and Oysters here rocked.I think the soft shell crabs are on roids since they were abnormally huge but still tasty.check it out.
4	late last year my husband took me to taste their shrimp scampi and oysters,  ummmmm sooooooo good...
5	So i've been to south point about a hundred times now and have passed Big Sur Oyster Bar just as much. Until one day me and my cousins just decided to try it.. We order our food, and then when it arrives, delicious! Thats all I could think of while eating their oyster rockefeller and calamari! Those 2 I highly recommend. I look forward to coming back here soon and trying out their other dishes.. If you decide to try this place out and dont like the food, call me. I'll come and finish your plate for you!
4	Great little restaurant in the heart of the South Point Hotel & Casino. Oysters a nice and fresh... The lobster grilled cheese is awesome. Crab cakes are a little below par but the New England Clam Chowder is fantastic. Not bad for Vegas seafood
4	Lobster. Grilled. Cheese.  That is all.
4	Yummy seafood - ate here twice during my recent stay at South Point.  There seemed to always be a long line at this place (which is a good sign)... don't let it scare you because the line moves relatively fast and the food is worth the wait. I got the Cioppino both times - because a) its my favorite dish and b) its that good. I also tried the New England Clam Chowder -- its very tasty (and a bit filling!) My bf had the Crab Cakes - he said they were ok - nothing to right home about. I personally don't like CC at all so I didn't bother trying them.We also tried the Jumbo Shrimp cocktail -- it was delicious -- but I felt $13 for *3* (although jumbo) shrimp is just a bit much. I'll definitely be back there when craving seafood in Vegas and/or at South Point. Its not cheap, but seafood places shouldn't be cheap. Having said that - its not the most expensive seafood place either. Somewhat typical.
4	+Great service--server went out of her way to get me brewed iced tea instead of gross Nestea from the dispenser.+They have Splenda!+1.5 pounds of king crab for $16.95+Good fries.The fried shrimp and scallops were so so.-Didn't love the bread.-No ambiance.-A little pricey.I'll probably be back for more crab legs and to try the lobster grilled cheese.
4	My birthday is long past, it is October 4th, and a friend at work had told me he was taking me to get some king crab on my birthday, well 5 months and 19 days later we finally made it. We sat at the bar and ordered the King Crab Special in case you are not familiar with this it is 1 1/2 pounds of king crab legs with butter and lemon for 16.99. I had actually never had King Crab up to this point... The lady working the bar let us try the clam chowder which for some reason I have always just come to the predetermined decision that i did not like clam chowder, until now.. It was "AMAZING" now my grade of amazing may be different then yours when it comes to clam chowder since i had never really attempted eating it until now, so please refrain from the Clam Chowder Critic Hate Mail.. Thanks. So back to my Crab. The cook set the mound of freshly steamed crab in front of me and said enjoy, and that is exactly what I did. The meat was delicious and very plentiful. I don't think 16.99 was a bad price for the amount of crab that we got. I was very pleased with the food " a few new found favorites " and the only reason why I took a star away was really due to the casino not the restaurant. All the smoke is not very pleasant when you are eating. After eating here I think everyone needs a little crab in there life from time to time.
4	Had the tasty meaty crab cake in a bun and lobster grilled cheese. The lobster grilled cheese did not disappoint. There were many plump succulent lobster in  every bite. Both sandwiches came with chips ( made with real potatoes). Ordered oyster rockefeller to start with. The oysters were baked with cheese and spinach and they were pretty awesome.  The service was not too shabby either.
4	I bowl at the South Point and have probably walked past this place 100 times. Well I finally decided to eat there. Started off with a bowl of new england clam chowder. I must say it was pretty good. Not to thick, not to runny and a good amount of clams. Had the fish n chips, made with halibut (a flatfish of the genus Hippoglossus from the family of the right-eye flounders). AWESOME!!! Best that I've had since i was in Ventura years ago. One of my friends had the pan fried oysters with pico de gallo and offered me one. It was good, but would not order myself. Overall, the service was great and the food was great/good. I will have to stop here a lil more often.
4	Came here for the 4th time and I have to say this is one of my favorite seafood places in Las Vegas. It's a tiny little thing, no walls or doors, just an iron fence separating the restaurant and the casino itself. I don't mind it, just part of the ambience. Where else can you eat fresh seafood and hear the jingle jangle of the slot machines? You can sit at the bar or grab a table, both are very comfy.The prices range anywhere from $12 to $25, pretty standard for a seafood place. I don't think I've ever had anything bad here, I love the kind crab legs and shrimp scampi. My friends loved the crab cakes & gumbo, absolutely delicious.The service was terrific, beverages always re-filled quickly... and service with a smile, very nice. Everytime we visit Vegas, we always have to stop by and grab a bite to eat, it never disappoints.If you're feeling a bit frisky, get an oyster shooter with vodka... Whoa baby! Highly recommended.
4	Been here a few times and this place is the Bomb, I've tried just about everything on the menu and everything has been super tasty. The only down fault is this place gets super packed and it's a very small area, there's a bar that's not to big and a few tables. When it's busy you'll be waiting a long time to get seated, but it's worth it...
4	My cousin and I were hoping that the Garden buffet was open late but it wasn't. So we checked out all the other restaurants at South Point... some were closed and some were just way too expensive. We decided to eat at Big Sur Oyster Bar. Plus, it was poppin'!I got the Linguini and Clams. Let me tell you, this dish is all kinds of amazing. I was quite pleased.My cousin got the fish and chips. He ate fish and chips at 3 different locations in Vegas... and he said that the one at Big Sur was the best.Service was nice and friendly. Food was awesome. Total food coma.
4	I've been to about four other oyster bars in town (station, palace, orleans, suncoast) and this one is pretty good. It's the same size and set up as the suncoast one- an oval bar with the cooks in the middle with a few tables around. I had the gumbo @ $17.00 (wild rice, shrimp, sausage, chicken, okra), which was pretty good but not as good as palace or station's (but better than cheesecake factory). The flavor was really good and had thick sauce (traditional). It has less seafood than the palace/station version which explains the lower price. The shrimp and chicken were pretty good size, though. The hard rolls were very good. I like that there is a cracker basket with a variety of crackers, ritz, saltines, including oyster crackers (love it).   It wasn't spicy (like a little heat) but Cookie (our server) gave us Cholula. She was really good- refilled his drink without my husband asking. She was very friendly, always had a smile on her face and would check on us periodically.My husband got the crab and shrimp pan roast and enjoyed it (but his favorite is still palace). There were a couple crab shells that he would of preferred to not have. The bill for both of us was $38, which was pretty good.After reading the other reviews, I am curious to try the linguine with clams and the fish and chips next time. The special was 1 1/2 pounds of crab legs for $16.95- a lot of people ordered that.
4	Hands down, best New England Clam Chowder in town! The only draw back to this place is the fact that it sits in the middle of South Point Casino.
3	Service was good. Clam chowders are delicious but oysters were a let down. They were different sizes and flavors. I also wouldn't order the crab legs.  They were pretty average. There is a dish (called roasted crab with sauce?) that is very good.  I would recommend that and the chowders.
4	We stayed here a few months ago and found an oyster bar downstairs. It wuz busy & crowded (that means it's good). We sat at the bar, r waitress wuz friendly. Ordered clam chowder soup ( hot & creamy), dozen raw oysters (melted in your mouth), half dozen fried oysters ( hot & delish but 2 much breading). After all that, we cudnt go 2 dinner with r friends... We'll b back in december!!!
4	1 star = for the awesome & flavorful clam chowder; one of the best I've ever tasted2 stars = for the fried calamari.  Great and generous portion!  Every bite was crisp.  I don't like the sauce though.3 stars = oysters!  We always get a dozen...they're fresh and yummers!4 stars = the way they cook in front of you...check it out for yourself!Go try it now if you are craving oysters.  They usually have crab leg specials too!  South Point is an awesome casino too!  Huge place and lots of video poker!
3	went twice during our stay at SOUTH POINT -- dinner thursday evening and lunch saturday. food was pretty good both times. we had: loved watching my FRIES getting tossed in a big bowl while they got seasoned. the CALAMARI (cocktail sauce with extra horseradish instead of the marinara) -- could have crisped a little longer in the fryer but still awfully good. a dozen OYSTERS (actually a couple dozen oysters since we had them both times) -- they were a little dry and i had to work a little since they did not sever the abductor muscle. but i love those juicy, little nuggets so still worth the effort. CLAM CHOWDER (like there's a style besides new england -- what is that red stuff anyway ??) -- i managed a tasty spoonful or two before the kids loaded up their bowls with oyster crackers. steamers -- clams, white wine, garlic and a little bread to sop up the juice -- there's nothing wrong with that. the nice thing about an open kitchen is you get fed and a floor show. the bad thing about an open kitchen is sometimes the floor show detracts from the experience. at lunch, everybody seemed animated and happy to be there. at dinner the droll little trolls behind the counter clearly wanted desperately to be somewhere else. if they were my crew, i would oblige them.
3	Went here for the first time last night with the family when staying at the South Point Hotel Casino. Overall it was pretty good.Pros:1) Good, attentive, friendly service2) Reasonably priced ($16 for 1 and 1/2 pounds of crab, $12 for fried oysters)3) Decent food 4) SLICED CRAB! Yummy!Cons:1) Oyster were a little dry2) Crab was a little dry3) Kinda feel like this review is a little dry too.....LOLOverall, pretty decent place to stop by if your in the neighborhood...or casino-hood.
4	Honestly, I didn't expect much when the family suggested eating dinner here. C'mon, seafood restaurant just off the floor of the South Point casino, how good could this place be? Well actually, pretty darn good. All I can remember is that we ate good...crab legs, cioppino, clams, oysters rockerfeller,  calamari, clam chowder, and a bunch of other goodies. Everything was really good, including the service. Prices weren't too shabby either.Entire family left satisfied. As they saying goes, don't judge a book by its cover.
4	When I visit my sister or hang out with girlfriends, we get a chance to go out for things our boyfriends refuse to partake in. In this case, for my sister, that meant leaving the guys at the craps table for an oyster break (her boyfriend hates oysters so she can't remember the last time she had them). We were promptly seated and immediately given bread and water. The bread was great- warm and toasty with the butter packets wrapped up so that it was nice and soft and super spreadable (small detail, I know, but one that is so often overlooked that it's noticeable when done right). The promptness and attentiveness of the service remained consistent for the duration of our visit. We ordered oysters in two forms- straight up and Rockefeller. The Oysters Rockefeller were rich and buttery, basically tasted like a cheesy spinach dip on top of an oyster. However, nothing beats the real, straight up deal. The oysters tasted really fresh and clean and elevated by the horseradish and cocktail sauce. We found $15 for a dozen to be a great value, especially considering that a half dozen goes for $13 (translation: don't order the half dozen and shell out the extra two bucks!)We plan to go back for more oysters and for some crabs (there's a special for 1 1/2 pounds of legs for $16.99). That's some good and fresh seafood feasting at friendly prices.
5	Definitely the best deal in town. They give pretty good size servings and fairly cheap. Everything on the menu is recomended.
3	I had the gumbo here which I would not recommend. Also, I cringe a little when I see the oysters are pre-shucked and sitting on ice. They do have a nice 1 1/2 pound crab leg special for $16 and change, which.. is about the average price on the menu so probably should have gone with that. My wife had a seared tuna ceasar and it was made well.
4	Date of Visit: 1/15/11Reason: to treat my brother from Hawaii for some oysters that he'd been craving all day.What did "we" have?1. 2 dozen half shell oysters:  they were fresh and were all opened in front of us.  Not sure what type of oysters they were, but they were the appetizer size oysters.  They were bigger than normal, which is a plus.2. 1 dozen clams: again, not sure what type of clams they were, but they were smaller than I thought they would be.  The good thing about them is that they were very tasty.  Just give it a little dab of tabasco but no lemon and you're good to go.  3. 1 1/2 lb. of Snow Crab legs:  this is the dish that eventually didn't make this review a 5 star review.  Why? Because the legs are previously frozen and already cooked, BUT the way they reheat them was dumping them into boiling water.  This causes the flavors to go away because it was being soaked in the water.  If they were to steam them, it would've been much better.Good enough for us because we were craving these dishes all day!Hope this helps and Enjoy!!!
4	I was impressed for a oyster bar at South Point.Came here to eat a quick snack before a movie. Had clam chowder and some oysters. Both dishes were good and fresh. Service was also quick and friendly.
5	Yummy, I love this place! My favs: Shrimp Cocktail Fried calamari Oyster Rockefeller Scampi This place is really good, very fresh, I always bring out of towner's here, we sit at the counter and enjoy Cadillac margaritas!
5	Wow. This place really knows how to do New England clam chowder right.  First impression when you see the thickness of it's consitancy is "this can't be good" but it will taste will blow you away.  I want the receipe.
4	I luv this place!  It always satisfies and the wait staff is super friendly!My favorites:Lobster Grilled cheeseSteamed ClamsClam ChowdaFried CalamariOyster RockefellerCiopinnoCrab CakesYou come into this place and think - hmm ok a quick bitenothing too fancy, you place your name in and wait patiently - as you get seated you get a great view of the people passing by - SUPER GREAT PEOPLE WATCHING SPOT! You are greated right away and the waiter gets your drinks and delicious warm bread and butter. I absolutely luv the lobster grilled cheese here- you almost crave it - if you have it - lobster so sweet and the cheese complimenting every bite- this is  a must have!The crab legs are always good here, i don't know what they do to them but its a sweet salty combo when eating them. Oyster Rckefeller, hmm last time I ate something this great was at the ACME Oyster house in New Orleans (which is a must as well) - super d lish full of flavor and just melts into your mouth - i could probably eat about 2 dozen of these by themselves!I tried the steamed clams in white wine sauce, these were okay - a bit smaller than what I had expected. but still real good.Another must have, my friend had the Ciopinno and it was to die for! super flavorful and jsut everybite  the flavor jumped out even more!The prices were as you would expect in a seafood resaraunt not cheap but not too expensive. I will of course be back to tantalize my taste buds!
5	I've eaten here several times, every time is good.  There's a counter for fast service, great oyster shooters, & good seafood
4	Only been there once but I had the shrimp scampi and it was amazing. Service was very good by Beth, super attentive, everyone there seemed to know here too. That's a good waitress, when you work at a hotel restaurant and you have people coming and asking for you by name. Only reason I'm docking a star is because the Caesar salad was really bad. But I'll be back for the scampi and Beth!
5	Lobster grilled cheese explains itself & their clam chowder is my fav so far!!! It's kind of a far drive for us, but well worth it*;-)
4	I tried the Oyster shooter & their Fried Calamari...wow, sooo good!!!
5	Gumbo was just as good as NOLA. Oysters were pretty fresh. Lobster grilled cheese awesome. Must go!
4	If you like seafood this place is pretty good and very fresh.  I tried the clam chowder which was good and the gumbo was real tasteful and full of stuff.  Good place for a quick fresh meal.
1	I hate this place.To begin, the hostess/cashier barely greeted us and just pointed over to the bar area. The server that we had was non-attentive and was more interested in talking about plumbing with the guests next to us than asking us how we were doing. Nto even once. He was good at refilling our drinks though, lol. The hostess walked others to their seat yet we only got a point?The bread was very chewy, but I liked the butter. Haha. Very spreadable. I was really disappointed in what we had ordered.My friend had the Manhattan Clam Chowder and that was the only decent food item we had. He also got the Lobster Grilled Cheese because I had informed him that many Yelpers were fond of it. I took a bite and it was horrific. The lobster was tastless, only made with butter. The bread had lots of butter. It was just butter over-dose. I ordered the Louisiana Oysters and after the first one, I didn't even want to finish them but I did. It did not taste fresh at all. I actually went here because I was craving crab soooo bad. I got the 1 1/2 lb of crab for $20. Tastless. Maybe if they would have steamed the crab instead of just boiling it then I would have liked it much better. Not even my lemon peppered sauce concoction made it worthwhile to eat.  The disappointing part was that the chef was checking up on us and giving us real customer service much more than anyone else there. When we had went to pay, the hostess/cashier looked at us. Then her phone rang. She proceeded to answer her phone and ignored us until she was done with her call. When my credit card did not read as she swiped it, I asked if she could input it manually. Then she said she would have to write down my credit card number. WHAT? I would not go back to this bar and would never recommend it to anyone since you are over-paying for mediocre seafood and the worst service I have ever experienced.
3	I tried the SalmonClub Sandwich....Ummm it wasn't what I expected - When I think of a club sandwich I imagine something built like a BLT. Thin layers of stuff but no this was a big sandwich with a thick piece of Salmon and Smoked Salmon. I love smoked Salmon so enjoying that was a given but everything else in the Sandwich just didn't work for me. Too much was going on....My Mom really enjoyed her Shrimp Scampi but had to add salt for taste (I hate paying for something when I have to season it myself)My Dad just had the Clam chowder which looked really good. I may just stick to that on the next visit. I would like to try the Lobster grilled cheese as well....Service was good and speedy, ya I'll be back to try other dishes!!
4	the half dozen fresh oysters and clam chowder are perfect for lunch.... I took a star away for pricing
5	One of the BEST seafood place i've ever been to.I'm so happy i discovered this place one day when there was no place to go grab some food about 12 in the midnight. I was staying at our timeshare at the Grandview and was really hungry. Everything there was far from the strip, so we decided to pass across the street and ended up at South Point. And i'm telling you, i regret NOTHING!There was not much on the menu. They gave us bread and butter which is alright. I didn't really expect getting those, i see that place more of a fast food bar than a restaurant kind of bar. It was an open bar, alongside the casino. The hostess and the employees are nice because when i asked them what to get, they were nice enough to describe everything on the menu. I didn't know what to order first, so i ordered fried oysters for appetizer. It was really good! Crispy on the outside, and fresh and soft on the inside, fried to perfection!And then i saw this couple eating this stew with noodles and tomato-ey soup, loaded with seafood. It looked really good so i undoubtedly asked them and ordered the same thing. It was called CIOPINNO. It was a HUGE bowl! I mean, one bowl is good for two. I was with my aunt and she shared with me. We didn't even get to finish the whole thing! It's an authentic Italian dish, typically stew/ creamy soup with clams, shrimp, mussels, scallops and squid. For the size, i think it was really worth it. I just don't like the fact that i have to go all the way to Southeast pass the strip just to get it. I live by north side/downtown area and they don't have anything close to that.
4	Wowsers!So I ended up eating at this place because the cafe line was extremely long and nothing else was open. I wasn't too happy at first until I took my first bite. The New England Clam Chowder was surprisingly good and totally changed my view of the restaurant. It's actually up there with Fishemans wharf status. In regards to other recommendations I recommend the gumbo which my wife had and couldn't get enough. My next visit to this place I'm definitely going to get something fried because everything looked so good.
5	get the panroast- combination of crab and shrimp in a buttery creamy tomato sauce...its yum!
1	I am so upset that I'm writing this in the wee hours of Christmas Day.  My fiance and I decided to grab some appetizers here before watching a movie.  I ordered a calamari and dozen oysters.  This was exactly what I said: calamari and a dozen oyster.  We got our calamari first.  It was good.  However, we then got fried oysters.  We immediately turned away and said that we did not order fried oyster since we ordered dozen oysters.  The kitchen staff said that it says fried oysters on our order but took back the order and will put in the order for the dozen oysters (FYI - we did not even let the kitchen staff leave the plate of fried oysters with us so we never touched it).  Michael, our waiter, came to us and said that we ordered fried oysters.  He wrote down calamari and fried oysters.  I clarified that I said dozen oyster.  I don't think that I would mistake saying dozen oysters with fried oysters.  Michael then went away.  After some time, Michael came back with the hostess.  She tells us that she can't remove the charge for the fried oysters since we ordered it.   Umm, are you serious?  We started to argue that we did not order fried oysters at all. My fiance argued that it doesn't even say in menu that the fried oysters come in dozen.  The menu lists those food as the following (there was no description):Pan-Fried Oysters with Pico de GalloLouisiana Gold Seal Oysters Half DozenDozenWell, the hostess snapped at my fiance to not raise his voice.  Umm, hellooo!  You are the one who started the scene by basically accusing us of ordering the wrong thing or something.  It was just so ridiculous.  Luckily, two female kitchen staff members jumped in the conversation.  They told us not to worry that we will not be charged for the fried oysters.  However, we then told them that the hostess is actually saying that we do have to pay for it.  They said that's not right and that we should not have to pay for it.  They went to talk to the chef.  He went to the hostess and cleared it up with her to remove the charge.  I really appreciate those ladies and wished that I got their names.  They kept on telling us that we are right and that they apologized.  The hostess and Michael never apologized.  I was just so upset of being blamed so the meal was totally ruined and part of my Christmas eve.  I just don't understand why this even became a big deal.  Maybe Micheal thought that he heard fried instead of dozen.  Maybe I didn't enunciate dozen clearly enough so that it sounded like fried.  It is a very loud open restaurant right smack in the casino.  Whatever the case, Michael, why were you so stuck on accusing me?   Do you really think that I could mistake saying dozen with fried or that I was trying to get out of my order of fried oysters for fresh oysters?  We didn't try getting out of paying for the fresh oysters, which are more expensive.  I just can't believe that I was even put in this situation.  Whatever the case, we will not be coming back.  There are some staff that still needs better training in customer service.
4	Sat at the bar and was able to watch the cooks in action.  This is only the second oyster bar I have been to, the first being the Palace Station Oyster Bar, so I will use that as a reference.Dozen raw oysters.  Dozen clams on a half shell.  I would say that the clams were better at Palace Station just for the fact that they were larger but the Oysters were better here.I've had the  crab pan roast at both of these places and both are very good.  The difference between the two is, the Palace Station version is very rich and you can specify the heat level.  Big Sur's version is not as rich but you need to add your own hot sauce from the table.  Since it is not as rich, it has a more pronounce crab flavor.  I would definitely go here on my next visit to Vegas.
5	Where regular here :) I know that its overprice but i rather eat here than Red Lobster. Food is delicious try the clam soup with white wine & garlic the best and of course the crab legs :)
4	I also  come to this  restaurant  whenever I'm Vegas. This restaurant is located in the South Point Hotel. I like their gumbo . The crab legs is good. I also like how they cook the food in front of you. Friendly service.
1	slow and terrible customer service + flavorless food = never again.if the food was all there was to complain about i would've given this place 3 stars, but the customer service is just NONEXISTENT. A customer shouldn't have to nag at a waiter about their needs when the waiter can clearly multitask especially when the cash wrap is right in front of the customers face and this waiter walked back and forth 3 times and then disappeared a majority of the dinner without asking if my husband and i needed more drinks or if we were doing okay. It's not that difficult of a job plus we were one out of 5 groups of people (mostly singles or couples) eating there 4 hours before close.
2	Oyster were not that good this place is nothing special.
4	This is inside The Southpointe Hotel & Casino.  We sat at the bar and got excellent service. I ordered the Seafood Diavola... sauteed shrimp,scallops,lobster over linguine in a spicy tomato sauce....sooooo good! The portion was enough for two people. The Fish-n-Chips was Beer Battered Halibut and was delish, we watched them poor the beer from the tap into the batter. Definite MUST TRY !
2	I had the crab legs, and New England clam chowder. My girl had the clams on a half shell, New England clam chowder, and shrimp scampi. Needless to say we are not happy with this food. I have made clam chowder, and I have also made crab legs that have had more flavors in them. Now for the clams on a half shell well a casino chip is bigger than they are. Also we have made some low fat shrimp scampi that tasted better than this meal. My simple requirements for a restaurant are; to cook better than me, not hard right? Really guys come on. To all that want to try this restaurant take this how you may but this is your prime example of grade B casino food. Enjoy your stay or your meal.
4	Okay so my husband and I have been going to the South Point since 2006 and whenever we were craving our Oysters they were already closed.This trip we made it a point to try them out and we LOVE IT! The Oysters were so fresh and big. We just came by for a quick snack and it was Awesome!The service was wonderful all three times. We sat right at the bar and got service immediately and they were super busy each time.Our only complaint is when we asked for our stuff to go they declined. Each time we came by we wanted to just grab and go up to the room and they said they cannot give us raw Oysters to go...I understand, I guess. Then my husband wanted to take the Clam Chowder to go but they didn't have anything to put it in.So now we know that this place is only sit down and that is it. Next trip we are gonna try more things on the menu.
3	We went because we got a comp. The food was decent and the portions were huge the seafood seemed fresh we had the steamed clams for an app and then i had the diablo pasta which was good, it had lots of scallops and shrimp and lobster my bf had the fried scallops and shrimp.about $80 for an app and two entrees that were kind of bland. A bit pricey and i don't think we would have gone if it was not free.
3	Well, me and hubs were pleasantly surprised.  Needed something quick and hearty at 10 pm in the South Point.  We opted for the counter at the oyster bar.  After great debate.....gumbo? linguine and clams? We landed on calamari and clam chowder.  My New England clam chowder was filling, creamy, buttery and well seasoned.  My husband was less impressed with his Manhattan clam chowder but said it was good.  The calamari was flavorful and cooked near perfection - just slightly over.  The service was very nice, friendly and efficient.  We were full and happy within 20 - 25 minutes.  The prices are a bit high.  Chowders are $8 per bowl and calamari was $12.  Entrees range from $19 - $27 for gumbo, pasta, fra diavlo and such.  All in all, a very nice dinind expereince.  Little to nothing to complain about.  Warm chewy rolls with soft butter served too! A definite plus!We would go back.
3	Oysters rockafeller was good, but $15 for a half dozen is pretty expensive for the true quality of it. The lobster grilled cheese was good too, and the ahi ceaser was decent, however the waitress recommend blackened, and we think it was to cover up the tuna's subpar quality. The server was really nice and attentive though! We got just about the experience as you would expect from a place in the middle of south point's casino room.
5	I do believe that I have visited the Big Sur Oyster Bar on every Vegas trip for the past 8 or 9 years. Not ever writing a review until now, I have never thought about why I ALWAYS go there. Guess it could be the great food. Guess it could be the great service. Guess it could be the cool atmosphere. I guess, no, I know, its all of the above.OK, lets start with the atmosphere. The restaurant is located inside the South Point Hotel next to the Garden Buffet and has al fresco style seating with an open "bar" where all the food is prepared (You can sit at the bar or on tables). I like this concept because you can people watch and it is open and airy.Next is the service. The service is quite good, the waitstaff are attentive and efficient. Although, if you order certain alcoholic drinks, they have to leave the confines of the restaurant to get it from the casino bar.Last is the best part of this place; the food. Big Sur rivals any coastal eatery as far as seafood goes and it's in the middle of the desert! My personal favorites and obvious must-haves are the Steamed Clams in White Wine and Garlic (more bread is a must for sopping up all that delicious broth! That, or a straw!), Fried Calamari with Marinara (Crisp and tender), New England Clam Chowder (nice and thick served with a 5" cracker disc),   and the Seafood Diavolo/Cioppino (they're actually two separate dishes but quite similar in taste, one spicy and the other with more seafood types). Some other dishes that I have recently tried and added to my faves are the Louisiana Gold Seal Oysters (hopefully BP oil-free), Oysters Rockefeller, and the Beer Battered Shrimp and Scallops (crispy, savory goodness!). The 1 1/2 lbs. of Steamed King Crab Legs are pretty good too.Prices to me are a scosche high, but if you have a players card with some credit on it, you can use it towards your tab which can ease the hit on the wallet. We always eat family style and walk outta there stuffed and satisfied, so its a decent value for us. Overall, a good way to get something quick to eat so you can get back to losing? all your money in the casino! I kid, South Point....relax!! Here's a plug to make up for that last remark: For a good time, stay at South Point Hotel and casino!!
5	I LOVE it here and don't know why I never tried it sooner.    It's located in the Southpoint Casino, right smack dab in the middle...  and I really can't believe I didn't try it sooner!  Let's see... This place is pricy, and when we came in my eyes were definitely hungrier than I really was, but I am glad that I didn't follow through with wanting and NEEDING to try everything. So we started with the calamari as an appetizer which was fresh and amazing...Crispy & not to salty.  It wasn't oily at all either & that's ALWAYs good.Husband's orders first because it will probably be what I'm having this weekend.He had the Pan Roast which is excellent!  Crab, Shrimp or Combination. Served with Wild Rice and Tomato Butter Sauce.  The sauce is so freaking good it's crazy.  The seafood totally compliments the sauce... And now for my boring order:  Fish & Chips... Which is good... But better with the pan roast!  I really like here & will definitely try other things that will compliment my pan roast. :PService is great... And the two times ive been there we were seated quickly.  if all the tables are filled up, take a seat at the counter!
4	Oysters and beer! We enjoyed half a dozen clams and a dozen of oysters with beer. The food was delicious and fresh. It is an open, casino oyster bar/restaurant with minimal service. After we were done with our drinks the waitress never came by asking us if we need another drink or anything else for that matter. She took our order and that was that. So -1 star for minimal service, but the quality of the oysters makes up for the rest. It is not cheap but won't break your bank..I think around $20 for a dozen of oysters.
5	Have the Rockefeller Oysters. They are excellent! Everything on the menu is really really good!! Service is OK, drinks take a minute to get because your waitress has to go get from the closest bar in the casino. Decent pricing and easy to find in the casino, it's right next to the gross buffet.For the record, I know Buffet's are huge with tourist but they almost always suck! Except for the Bellagio's. I would much rather have one good meal instead of heat lamped under/over cooked stale food.Anyway, if you like mussel's and clams this place is a must.
5	You would never figure the South Point would have one of the best Seafood Restaurants in Las Vegas.  If you can look past the decor and the smell of cigarettes and horses (when the Rodeo is in town), this is the place to be!The best Pan Roast in Las Vegas.  It is full of seafood, shrimp, crab meat over a tomatoe base rice.  I've eaten here over 20 times and each time the food has never disappointed.The NE clam chowder is creamy and sweet.  The Manhattan clam chowder is great and I would recommend.I start with the lump crab cocktail.  They have a special mayo/mustard sauce that hits on every note.  It is sweet, savory with a hint of mustard on the back of the palate.  Great start!I usually get the Cioppino and my wife gets the Pan Roast.  The Pan Roast is flavorful and a mouth full of seafood with each bite.  You get the sweet from the seafood, a dash of  another creaminess from the tomatoe base on the rice and kiss of wine on the back end of the bite.  Delicious.The Cioppino is full of seafood and you can taste a whiff of the ocean with each morsel.  Lobster, clams, mussels..you name it.  It was better than the Cioppino at the Italian restaurant located here at South Point.The seafood Diavolo is great and spicy and the Linguini and Clams is a can't miss also.  Never had a bad meal here in all my times.Dinner usually cost about $70, but well worth it.  I would highly recommend!
4	I have to admit, I don't like to come here often, because a shorty (literally) like me hates eating at a bar where everyone can see you dining from across the way (and the casino for that matter).  It is located right next to the cashier's cage and many many slot machines.  If you can get past that, this Oyster Bar Does have some delicious eats. I have tried their Oysters, Crab Legs, Manhattan clam chowder, Lobster Grilled Cheese and their Cioppino.  Omg Cioppino is to die for, but let me get back to that. Oysters, can't pass it up, you're at an Oyster bar.  They crack it fresh right in fornt of you.  Honestly, for crab legs, you are better off going to a buffet.  Manhattan clam chowder and their New England Clam chowder are delicious.  Reminds me of Bay Area when you go to eat the Clam Chowder bowls, but thier chowder is chunkier!  I love their Lobster Grilled Cheese, I think its very expensive though, but then again it is Lobster.  I remember it used to be about $18, I think, but when I went there this past weekend to fulfull my craving the price was right around the $30 mark, think I'll have to pass this time.  So on to the Cioppino.  I must have missed this, or it could be a new menu, but I could see that everyone was dining on some monstrous bowls.  We took my friend here and as he ate the Cioppino he kept saying "Mmmm, OMG, Wow, Oooh, this is great..." LOL, so we had to come back to try it ourselves.  Um, yes, we were spewing those same words.  Its a $31 bowl of goodness, big portions for two, maybe even three to share.  Mussels, Calamari, HUGE Scallops, shrimp, and lobster sitting on a bed of linguini in this delicious tomato based sauce.  Seriously, I'm not often a pasta eater, but today, man was I glad I agreed to have pasta that day.  We shared the bowl and still had leftovers.  I'm telling you, its that good.  Pricey, yes, but a must try YES!
1	All I can say it is the worst pan roast in Vegas!  If you are looking for the real deal, go to the Oyster Bar at Palace Station!
4	LOL, I love that I am considered a regular on Yelp here when I was in Vegas for a week. We stayed at our time share across the street and they gave us vouchers for the restaurants. If you couldn't tell by the fact that I am a "regular", we went there a couple times because the food was good and inexpensive. If we stay at the timeshare again, I will definitely be back to Big Sur!
5	Ok SouthPoint, you really need to name this salad after me. I've been ordering and coming to this restaurant for at least 5 years and still it hasn't made it to the menu. I get people asking me what I order as its soooo yummy looking. It's a Caesar Salad (tossed and mixed with the dressing) with the lump crab from the appetizer but I have it grilled. Every server including Manny who knows it best knows to put it up as soon as he sees me sitting down at the counter. It's quite pricey but worth it ($20). Use your SouthPoint points from the reward card to help finance it.
1	Incredibly poor experience! I had two simple dishes, that were executed very poorly. The clam chowder, was under seasoned, and a complete puddle of mush. It was truly disappointed; due to reading great reviews about it i had perviously looked forward to it. Then the oysters Rockefeller, not only under seasoned as well but completely flavorless. The bar top server could careless about his job, never asked how the meal was. And passed up cashing my tab out 7 times; as he walked by staring at my credit card each time. But the real disappointment was the food. So bad that I decided to order my entree elsewhere. The total experience was enough to leave the casino entirely. Save your self the disappointment and money; you will find better food at a soup kitchen.
3	Ive gone to the palace station oyster bar and this place is not as good but still pretty tasty. The portions were a lot smaller than I expected. I don't eat a whole lot so I wish I was able to take my chowder to go, but they don't have to go containers. Service is good. I'd go there again. But if I was closer to the palace I would go there instead!
5	Oysters!  Hey I love them. I am down with "half shell". When dealing in the raw, one must demand fresh. Fresh is what I get here. I had fantastic service. Prices aren't over the top. For oysters in the raw, I go here for decadent arrays of those little mushy creatures I love so dearly.
4	The best crab cocktail in town,nice lump crab meat,great sauce,yum.
4	We love Oyster Bar at Palace Station  but we have the kids with us this trip. So we decided to try this 1, it was pretty good. The pan roast is different than the palace station waster bar it was still good but the Oyster Bar palace at Palace station pan roast is much better. The gumbo was good, good bread great clam chowder. The lobster grilled cheese sandwich was good but we didn't feel it was really worth the price. Overall a good experience.
4	This oyster bar offers $7.95 luncheon specials Monday - Thursday from opening until 4PM.  My wife chose shrimp jambalaya while pasta primavera with shrimp was my dining destination.  Each of the dishes were very fresh tasting and a return engagement is promised.
5	Clam chowder is BOMB!
5	Best chowder.Best customer service.LOVE this place.
5	Both the Manhattan and NewEngland clam chowders were delicious!They have $7.95 lunch specials Monday thru Friday. I had the fish taco's they were amazing!!!
4	Great clam chowder! Big portions. Cookie the waitress is awesome! Busy on weekend nights. It can get a little warm in the bar due to all the open air cooking so close, but the atmosphere is great.
4	I mean, oysters rockefeller, lobster grilled cheese, clam chowder, an oyster bar... Hello!!Our wait wasn't terribly long on a late Friday evening. Seating is preferrably bar side which still keeps you in the midst of all the casino action and in view of the action in the kitchen. Nex time, will try their broilers.
5	Had a late night dinner here. Delicious! Hubby and I shared - the service (even though they were closing) was phenomenal. The guy behind the counter kept checking on us to make sure we were okay. We understood that they were closing and didn't want to bother them too much. We were grateful for a seat and a warm meal so close to midnight! Great place. Will definitely eat here next time we visit South Point!
4	I went with two others and ordered the oysters, calamari and linguini with clams and red sauce. Portions are well-sized. The oysters weren't amazingly fresh, but they were on the larger size and not bad. The calamari was average. I highly recommend the linguini! The sauce was savory and broth-y, and the calms were fresh. Service was great. Our waiter Alfredo was really friendly and very attentive to our needs. It's a small restaurant in the South Point hotel, but we went on a weekday night and there was no wait to sit at the bar. The place seems pretty popular so I would imagine there would be a wait on the weekends. There are great lunch specials ($7.95?) with half off oysters and calms.
5	Best clam chowder on the strip! We love this place. My husband always gets oysters and I always get clam chowder and a salad at least. Everything we have had has been excellent and have never been disappointed!
5	I love crab legs and theirs are good and already crack and ready to eat. I had a few glasses of Kendal Jackson
5	I love this place. I have had the good fortune of dining here on a number of occasions and I must say that the food is fantastic and the service is equally as fantastic. All the Chefs and servers are really friendly and helpful. The clam chowder is a must have and the crab legs are great because they are already split. I've pretty much tried everything on this menu and all items are really fresh and well-prepared. I don't know why the other reviewers keep comparing this to the Palace Station because to me there is no comparison. This place has better and more flavorful food.
4	Oysters were fresh, ciopino was awesome and large enough for two. Kinda weird eating in a smoke filled, noisy environment right on the casino floor. The quality of the meal definitely outweighed the awkward dining area
4	Five stars for the clam chowder! Pass on the oysters Rockefeller! They lost a star because they were subpar. I've had waaaay better but I don't think I've had worse!
4	I live right down the road from South Point so, I was beyond excited to see that they had an oyster bar AND happy hour for these oysters Monday thru Thursday 12-4pm.Came here with my BF and all his roomies. I think we went a little H.A.M. on what we ordered but, I think that's what comes with having days-off....GLUTTONY!!!!We had a bottle of wine, oysters Rockefeller (2 orders), pan roast (2 orders), dozen oysters on the half shell (2 orders), calamari, clam chowder, and gumbo. It was my 1st time having oysters Rockefeller and, I'm not sure what took me so long. The oysters/shell was so large that there was so much oooey-gooey cheese and spinach in the shell.....YUM, I can taste it now!Pan roast was definately smaller than we expected but, delicious nonetheless. It's not like Palace Stations' pan roasts so, don't expect anything of that caliber here. And just a note, the rice they serve with the gumbo/pan roast is the boxed rice...as an Asian who loves her rice, this was a semi-problem.No complaints on price though because after splitting the costs among 5 ppl, we paid $40 each. Ridiculously not bad for all the food we had.
2	This was my first time eating at Big Sur  I was very disappointed.  The food was not good  the portions were ok.  The staff had a give a F*\/%k attitude.  If you want a great oyster bar. Go to Stations Properties. Especially Palace Station Oyster Bar. Maybe the chef and staff from Big Sur Oyster Bar should to Station Casinos oyster bar to get so training.
1	After reading all the rave reviews of this place we decided to try it! Bad move! Perhaps it was a fluke but we had an uninterested waiter, awfully strong and non-mixed bloody mary oyster shooters, and two bland, overpriced entrees. I was excited to try the lobster grilled cheese, but it was incredibly bland and lobster was a little over-cooked. My boyfriend had the seared ahi caesar salad that was incredibly fishy and actually made him run to the bathroom afterwards. I wonder why...?  We got out of there as fast as possible but not without feeling incredibly frustrated with the service and the poorly made, way overpriced meal we had paid for. Will NEVER go near that place again.
4	My gf lives around the corner so we come in monthly to get the same two things every time, the cioppino and seafood diavola. Why you ask, because it's flipping amazing. If you read reviews and decide to go try one or both, you will not be disappointed, trust. We are picky when it comes to seafood, must be fresh and prepared well. These are the two most expensive items on the menu so try splitting with someone if you're not sure.  You'll be back!!
4	South Point. The destination I head to for movies, bowling, and the middle ground between my friends' homes. I've always passed by  Big Sur and never thought of it more than an Oyster bar - which I am slightly allergic to, but I like to take a dip on the while side once in awhile - After trying a pan roast at a different location, we decided to take in some good eats. Order the combination pan roast - good flavor but might've needed a bit more rice (could I have asked for more? I don't really know) and the shrimp scamp - delicious sauce and the shrimps were pretty large. Dozen oysters (for mis amigos) - they were also pretty large in size and I'm used to (and confined) to the smaller ones. I will definitely be back to try the other concoctions that other patrons seemed to enjoy!
5	Wow. I would have NEVER expected this kind of freshness and quality of seafood at the Southpoint. The shrimp cocktail contains the largest shrimp I have ever seen in Las Vegas and quite honestly, probably the largest I've ever seen period. The lump crab cocktail is absolutely delicious and the horseradish sauce is perfectly hot. I tried the gumbo recently, everything about the flavor and ingredients was amazing (It just had too much okra for my liking but that's my own personal issues). Love the convenience of this place and how quick the food comes. A+++++
5	I've walked past this place a hundred times thinking "why would anyone eat seafood at south point."  Tonight we made the plunge and wow. This place is awesome. The oysters were amazing and the cioppino was to die for!!!
4	This was my second time here. First time we had the jambalaya and oyster po boy. Both 5 stars. This time had the bayou burger (catfish burger) and shrimp alfredo. Today's meals were 3 to 4 stars. Just not as tasty and flavorful. Stick with the jambalaya and the oyster po boy and you will be thrilled. Also ask for Alfredo the server. He is super nice.
4	At first glance, this doesn't look like a seafood place that has deliciously fresh seafood! Well, they certainly proved me wrong. My husband and I started off with the calamari, which was fried to perfection. They also give a generous portion so you shouldn't mind sharing. The crab cakes are awesome...you get two, but they are sized appropriately. The crab legs are so good...and I like how they slice the shell for you so you're not flinging crab meat and shells all over the place. Try it here, you won't be disappointed =)
3	Oysters aren't my thing. They never have been, and yes I have tried them multiple times. I can't get over the consistency. So this probably isn't a fair review since oysters are their main thing. My dad likes them, but he's not the one writing this review. As for the other items on the menu. They are just ok. Probably something you can get anywhere. Nothing stands out or is super amazing. Salmon Cesar salad: the salmon was really fishy. Waaaay too much dressing on the lettuce. Linguini with clams in red sauce: if you look at my picture, everything is pretty much swimming in the sauce. This was pretty much a soup with noodles and clams. The sauce was a little on the bland side. I had to put some Tabasco sauce to give it some kick. The noodles and clams were good though. New England clam chowder: thick and rich. Lots of potatoes and big pieces of clam mixed in. I would order this again. The service is excellent. My water glass is always full. Bread basket is never empty. Staff is smiling. I'll probably be back, but not because I picked it.
5	The food was excellent. The clam chowder was so good. IWas seriously impressed.
2	The food has gone really down hill. Order the lobster grilled cheese tasted like it was her cook on an old stove who's all around all the only redeeming qualities was the server very nice don't recommend you come here its too expensive for what you get
2	Horrible service. Mediocre food. Too expensive. Never coming here again, palace station oyster bar shits on this.
5	The way I discovered Big Sur was by a complete happy accident. I booked a trip to Vegas 4 years ago and decided to stay at the South Point Hotel, not knowing it was so far from the strip. After a series of unfortunate events on our way to Vegas (including missing our flight) and arriving late to the hotel, my husband and I were out of sorts, exhausted, and very disgruntled. On a lark, my husband suggested trying the unassuming seafood counter restaurant in the middle of the smoke-filled casino floor. I shot him a skeptical look but was too tired to object. After being greeted warmly by the server behind the counter, we ordered the steamed mussels, the prawn cocktail, the gumbo, and the Louisiana Gold Seal oysters. I'd never asked for a second helping of bread at a restaurant before but needed it to sop up the delicious broth from the mussels. The size of the prawns made our eyes pop out. The gumbo was hearty awesomeness, and the oysters were among the largest and freshest we had ever had. A strange feeling of warmth and contentment crept over me, and our moods literally flipped 180 degrees. We returned to Vegas the following 2 consecutive years and made it a point to stop over -- even right after our wedding! The freshness and quality of the seafood is unparalleled, not to mention the portion size and the consistent friendliness of the servers. I have eaten at some of the best seafood restaurants from coast to coast and internationally, including 2 and 3 Michelin star restaurants, and Big Sur ranks right up there for me. Moreover, the true test of a great restaurant in any region is finding one that is frequented by the locals. We ran into our share while dining there.
1	The quality of food has gone WAY down.  The calamari was pretty much just small fried batter pieces. I'm pretty sure the Cesar salad lettuce was just packaged lettuce because the color was dull greenish-yellow and just thrown into a pile on a plate. We also ordered the shrimp scampi, which was overall very average. The shrimp pieces however were large and pretty good. But for the prices they charged, the food was bad. I get that the restaurant is in a hotel/casino, but it's not even a real restaurant considering the location and lack of walls.
1	Absolutely disgusting!!!!! Order friend calamari for an app. Wow! Heavily battered and wayyyyy over cooked. My husband got the crab leg special ( 1 1/2lbs of king  crab legs $28) they were over cooked, cold and extremely tough! I ordered the seafood diavolo and it was also nasty! Over cooked shrimp and under cooked scallops. Yuck. And in top of it all the service was horrible!!!!!!! Complained to our waiter and never came back.... Just handed us the check with everything full priced. All we asked were to take off the crab legs. What a joke!!!! Never again! Stay away!!
4	Hungover? Staying at South Point? If you answered yes to both of these questions then you need to bring your butt over here and have yourself a nice cup/bowl of Clam Chowder. They have plenty of other seafood dishes at this spot, but I can't review them because the day I came here all I wanted was some soup.. and by God that was the best Clam Chowder I've had since going to the Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco. The soup was nice, thick, hot and creamy with perfect amounts of clams and potatoes.One bowl of soup will cost you $8.00 but they bring you warm sourdough rolls that will most definitely soak up all the leftover alcohol dwindling in your body.. delicious!And if you're the thriftier person they offer cup portions at $4 and ice water of course is always FREE. I'm sad to hear that others had bad customer service too because our server, Alfredo, was truly excellent. He was super nice and honestly the best server I've encountered the whole week staying at South Point.
2	First let me say that thier chowder is pretty darn good but that is about it. Had the calimari and the shrimp scampi. Calimari was not near as good as in the past and the scampi was absolutely horrific...not worth a revisit!
1	The food here is bland and sucks.  Just go to the Oyster Bar at Palace Station.  I hate Station Casinos, they blow, but the Oyster Bar is awesome.The Manhattan chowder at Big Sur:  Campbell's tomato soup with canned potatoes and clam juice.Oysters Rockefeller:  Bland.  Small oysters, taste of parmesan and cream and nothing.  No flavor layers. No salt.  Pan Roast:  more tomato soup, with unflavored unseasoned shrimp and lobster.  Not even hot sauce made this better.  Sad.The bread, beer, and service were okay.  I will never eat here again.  It should be closed.  Too expensive for crap food.
2	I have certainly had worse dining experiences. The service while not really existent is at least not rude. I will say that the portion size for a $23 Combination Pan Roast is the worst I have ever seen.
3	I decided to try this place because we were in the mood for seafood and we pass by it every time we go to Southpoint. Overall, the service was great. Main courses tasted fair. Shrimp cocktail was a joke. 3 tiny shrimp with what seemed like a tub of cocktail sauce when compared in size. I'm glad I tried it, but compared to other seafood joints, this place did not keep my interest.
4	Been here at least 4 times and have not been disappointed.  Prices are a bit high.  I think the best are the Pan Roasts but the clam pasta was excellent if a bit spicy which I don't mind but some might.  The crab cakes are decent size but seemed a bit bland to my taste, but it has been awhile since I have had crab cakes anywhere.  Mostly bar seating around the open kitchen with some tables as well.  Out in the open in the middle of the casino and has fairly late hours which is good.
4	I've been coming here since I was just a kid. Around 13 years old ... Before the famous pound and a half of crab legs were just 16.99 ! That was great, but they've become more popular so with high demand comes high supply! This trip I brought my boyfriend & he loved it! From his beers, to the oysters, to the scampi, to the crab legs, to the bread, & the service. Our waitress's name is Norma from Guadalajara and she is just awesome! Nice, attentive, & keeps a genuine smile on her face ! Make sure to get her as a waitress. The manager of the shift was kind enough to come by & check on how we were doing & if the food was to our liking (that's always a good sign of service & that the staff here really cares about their customers) I will continue to come here forever and always. I wish the prices were low like I remembered, but this place is totally worth every penny !
4	The oysters are delicious. Sweet and clean. I recommend to skip on the lobster grilled cheese. It was, as most people stated, bland.  The sourdough bread is yummy and the chips are homemade, but nothing to be excited about. The crab special is a MUST!!! I love that the crabs come already cut and mess free AND it's only $28 for 1 and a half pounds of deliciousness. Oysters Rockefeller was yummy, but I prefer the Louisiana gold seal oysters (raw)  Next time we visit we are ordering the cioppino (the guy next to us ordered and it smelled amazing!!!) Overall a good price for the food. Service was meh, but our bartender made sure he checked up on us all the time. Kitchen staff seemed off getting the food out. All our food (appetizer included) came out at the same time.  The Bloody Mary oyster shooter was ok. Too much vodka for my taste.  The best part is that this place is open til 12am!!! That's awesome. We will for sure be coming back. And more than likely regulars at this place! Dive in. Enjoy!
1	Here's the low down. Too burnt out to drive to palace station. Never again. It's edible but other than that. Won't recommend. Palace station oyster bar 10. This place 1.
5	I recently ate at Big Sur during off hour service, the food was a 6-7 out of 10, but the service was outstanding. I believe the person serving me was named Crystal, absolutely flawless service. Very friendly, not overbearing as can often be the case when you go to a restaurant during off hours. Food service was prompt, my server ( ?Crystal I think ?) was very courteous, respectful and quite on point. 5 star rating is for the service quality, otherwise overall experience would have been a 4 star.
4	Good fresh seafood.Broad selection - they'll make it right in front of you.I had the oyster po boy and it was pretty good.
2	My friend and I ate here for lunch on 10/31/14. Our waitress was Norma and she was excellent! First, I recommend you really read the menu board. ONLY Monday - Thursday can you get the lunch for $7.95. Otherwise, it's nearly triple the price! Beer is cheap! $4.00. We ordered the Oyster Rockefeller and it was good. You get 6 large baked oysters for $15. Next, we ordered the Combo Pan roasted shrimp and crab. It was good and hot. However, it doesn't come close to the pan roast at Ocean Trail in Scottsdale -- which is my No. 1 favorite. You will have to do a lot better to pass Ocean Trail. But overall, it was OK. Nothing remarkable; a bit pricey for what you get. Total tab for lunch was $73.00 without tip. That was with only 1 beer and 1 wine.
5	Awesome lunch had the oyster po boy!! awesome waitress and friendly and quick service.thank you
2	We came here because we were at the Southpoint anyway, and my sister thought it would be a good change of pace from our usual Mexican/Italian/Steakhouse rotation.I was in agreement because I saw the large menu over the bar proclaiming various offerings like oyster po'boys and jamabalya for $7.95.  Good deal, right?Wrong. This was for weekday lunch only. some of the things are not even available for dinner, and if  they were, the price was about triple.We both ordered the fish and chips. ($23) Her bf got the shrimp and scallop combo.($21). Ahem. In what universe are shellfish cheaper? I was assuming it would be a monstrous portion of gigantic fillets at that price point. You know what happens when we assume. There were four small chunks of battered fish atop  a pile of fries.  They were all crisp and hot, and the fish was nice and white, but come ON! I have no idea what kind of fish it was, but for that price tag, it damned better have been cut from a mermaid's tail.  And there was no accompaniment like salad or cole slaw either. Only spotting of anything green was pickle specks in the tartar sauce.Could they be charging for the ambience? Well, considering the fact that it's cafe style seating in an open area of the incredibly loud, bustling casino, I'm guessing not.The waiter was very sweet and seemed almost sheepish. I'd be embarrassed to bring the check, too, buddy, and I come from a long line of unscrupulous carpet merchants.It was one of those occasions where you're forced to balance the scales however you can; up to and including scooping the entire contents of the cracker basket into your purse and leaving it all right on top, daring any intrepid employee to say a word. My sister did just that and we strolled out unchallenged. I won't be strolling back.
4	Clam chowder was good and hearty after eating a bowl ($8) I was full, I didn't have much space for the shrimp jambalaya we ordered. I'm glad me and my husband shared.  Overall great service, very attentive and our server Cookie was a sweetheart
4	Clam was good and hearty after eating a bowl ($8) I was full, I didn't have much space for the shrimp jambalaya we ordered. I'm glad me and my husband shared.  Overall great service, very attentive and our server Cookie was a sweetheart
3	Good was so so and over priced. Service was pretty good though.this Filipino water waited on us and was very nice. Forgot his name though.
