5	Yum. Delicioso. Best coffee ever. Very friendly staff too.
5	Best coffee in town - and they are SO friendly and helpful.  I really love this coffee and the fact that their drive-thru is fast.  I am so excited that they've opened this location because there wasn't one near our house - and now we have a local Dutch Bros!  This coffee rocks and the staff are spectacular!
4	Not a coffee drinker so I had a strawberry smoothie and daughter had the hot coco. Very good taste and people working there are so up beat and friendly. Makes it even better hitting the grand opening and the 16 oz drinks being free
3	I like Dutch Brothers. They're A-OK in my book.  They remind me of the small Mom and Pop kiosk operations that you find in the Seattle area.I've come here a few times now, whenever we're in the area. The employees are supper friendly and clearly enjoy their job of proselytizing the Starbucks faithful. Their only drawback on this road to world domination is that they only sell prepared espresso drinks. Yep, no drip coffee! Also, only a limited selection of breakfast items.  No rolls, donuts, or muffins. Well, they do sell something call muffin tops made by a firm called Seattle Foods. Hmmm.Both, the drinks and muffin tops are very good. I only wish they broaden their selection to include drip coffee.  Americanos really aren't my cup of tea.
4	Yes I'm a fan as Dutch Bros coffee employees are generally very upbeat, friendly and efficient. Their prices are okay too..So why not 5 stars you may ask ? Well I drove away with my medium cappuccino being lukewarm and I really wanted it to be hot. Maybe not a big deal in itself as I found the beverage to be tasty nonetheless.I must say that I am impressed by how outgoing and engaging the employees generally are no matter how crappy or good the weather may be...I find it to be a nice touch for someone such as a complete stranger at a coffee shop to ask me how my day is going and what I am up to the rest of the day. I forgive them for that matter for my coffee not being as hot as it should have been. Yes, I'm still a fan.... Will be back!
5	Best Coffee in the Valley.New location, great service that I have come to expect.
5	I have visited this Dutch Bros. Spot twice now, and for both times they offered magnificent service and muy delicious drinks!! I don't know but the people working here seem to be high on life/energy/happiness or something good, which is contagious when they greet you and ask you ever so kindly what you'd like to order. Also don't let the drive-through fool you, you may also have the option of parking and enjoying your drink right there and then. I hope to visit them more often now that I found a drink there I truly enjoy, the caramelizer!!  Which by the way is awesome when hot and with 2% milk, I usually do nonfat but this drink is worth enjoying to the fullest or else It will not taste the same, full body goodness of caramel, coffee and silky sweetness!
3	I have only been to Dutch Bros a few times... I've never been so annoyed by a coffee person before in my life.  Simple order: 2 Giant Iced Coffees, no junk (read: milk, sugar).  At first the quirkiness of the barista and cashier were fine... then the cashier just kept prying into my life and the life of my passenger.  We tried to provide her with quick one-word responses to her questions but this did not stop her.  She was actually so annoying we went elsewhere to drink our coffee...On a side note- they would have gotten 5 stars for their iced coffee alone- it was fantastic.  It wasn't like Starbucks or CoffeeBean- it tasted like actual coffee, not cat pee.
5	Just visited here for the first time and the staff was so friendly! They even gave me extra punches on my card to help me get a free coffee next time since I'm a newbie. The cocomo is an awesome drink..great coffee and great people!
3	Cute little drive up window with a dizzying array of coffee related drinks. I just needed some cappuchino to get my day going. The staff here were so friendly, I was almost taken aback. Really nice folks and excellent service. The downside is that the espressos are very weak and the coffee itself isn't that great. For the money it's still a great deal.I guess I'm also comparing this to good coffee in other cities, this may very well be the best the area has to offer. I wouldn't not come back, but it's nothing to write home about.
5	Great Customer Service, Great Coffee. I forgot my wallet one trip there during their "happy hour" ($3 any size coffee)... Had no cash, change, id, punch card and the cashier insisted on buying my coffee for me. I had already loved dutch bros before but their commitment to making my morning a little better was beyond what I could of asked for. (yes, i did return with my wallet to pay for my coffee :) )
5	You won't find aloof baristas or watered down coffee here. This place makes seriously strong beverages. My favorite is the iced Annihilator. You can have almost all of their beverages hot, iced, or blended. Not only is the coffee better than any coffee I've had anywhere but the staff is superior.The staff is clearly hopped up on what they're brewing but they couldn't be more attentive and sweet as they serve you. I witnessed one girl just arriving to work, saw that there was a line and proceeded to take orders before even clocking in and taking off her purse! I love to come here when I visit my folks in Arizona. The positivity and bubbly personalities of the baristas are truly touching and can turn any bad day into a lovely experience at the Drive-Thru at Dutch Bros.! Keep it up gang!
5	I'm pregnant so I thought coffee was out. However, last time my husband was getting coffee the barista let me know that their decaf is made using the swiss water method (i.e. no chemicals used). It was happy hour so how could I refuse? They whipped me up a large tasty decaf iced latte with coconut milk for $3! I know, it's decaf, but this pregnant woman wanted a latte, even a pretend freakin' latte. Seriously, their EVERYDAY happy hour is killer. Screw Starbucks and their upcharge for soymilk, I'm going to Dutch Bros. Plus, Dutch Bros has nicer baristas, better prices, decaf that isn't washed in chemical baths (yeah Starbucks I know why your decaf is so bitter, chemicals), and they are always doing awesome fundraisers to help the community. Yeah the baristas might seem over the top outgoing, but it's better than the snotty barista bs at other coffee shops, ahem Starbucks and Coffee Bean.
5	I'm not a coffee drinker, but I really needed a boost so I stopped by this Dutch Bros. for the first time the other morning with the intent of trying an iced coffee.  I got an iced mocha.  It was incredible, like a really rich chocolate milk with coffee.   The workers were super friendly, and when they found out it was my first time they gave me a punch card and marked off 10 out of 11 punches so I get a free coffee next time I go!   Really awesome all around, I'll be frequenting this place from now on.
4	This is my 2nd time visiting this location after they opened last year.  Great and fast service and friendly employees.  They are all so friendly and make you feel welcome.  All their prices include taxes so you know exactly what you are paying for.
5	They have really good iced teas and smoothies! They have a lot more choices to choose from. The people that work there are awesome! They know how to make your day 10x better. Try the mango peach smoothie! It's the bomb like tick tick BOOM!
5	I not only prefer quality over quantity, I prefer potency over quantity as well - in the sense that if I order a caffeinated beverage I better get such an energy boost that I can, at the minimum, get through a work day, or, at the maximum, vibrate through time.  At Dutch Bros., the size of the drink doesn't really control the size of the drink that much, but how potent it is. Sizes do have some effect on the actual size, but after a point (medium and up), it basically means how many shots of espresso they put in it. As a typical person who needs a strong amount of caffeine for it to even affect me, this is great. Plus, the prices are pretty decent. However, the best thing of the place has to be the employees. They are extreme, excited, and enabling (I can't say I know anywhere else that will give you 12 shots of espresso in one go). Some of them will look you in the eye and shout "YOU! HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!" with gusto as you are handed your coffee. I practically get as much energy from their personalities as I do from the coffee itself.Anyway, I highly recommend this place if you want a good coffee for a good price. This obviously isn't going to be super-high quality stuff, but I enjoy it a lot.
1	Wow!!  $60 for 2 coffees!!  Thats right folks my account was charged 10 times for a 10 transaction. I watched the girl chatting away as she swiped my debit card back and forth, proclaiming " It was denied again! Sorry!!! "  Well I checked my online account while she stood there and then showed her " Visually" that my account had been charged 10 times. But it was declined , she said. Right around then I started to loose it, said some choice things I will not repeat here and stormed off as I was late getting my daughter to school.  I will not be back to Dutch Bros. Time to go back to a place where people are trained and dont use the Foursquare system, which she blamed everything on!!!!
4	I came here with my daughter the other day. She was telling me the the hip people come to Dutch Bros and the older and professional goes to Starbucks. We pulled up and we were the third car in line. Then all the sudden someone just comes running out the back door and jumps to our car just smiling. Wearing some off the wall mask on top of her head and some Harry Potter glasses without any lenses. When we order each drink she was so enthusiastic. Very cool and makes you want to come back. Anyways, by the time we got to the window our ice coffee and iced tea with sitting their on the counter ready for us. The cashier had a mask in her head and Harry glasses. She was also just as happy. Happy employees always makes happy customers who want to always come back. What was also very cool is my daughter asked for a sticker and they gave her one. Seems like they have new stickers every month or so. My kids also got free sunglasses from them too and they wear them all the time. So by the time we got home the drinks were gone. Very good job Dutch Bros.
5	It's not just about a plan cup of coffee at Dutch Bros! At Dutch Bros they make coffee into an art. Whether trying something off the creative menu or making a concoction of your very own the happy, energetic, friendly staff is always excited to give you the experience of a lifetime. Dutch Bros is fast friendly and perfect for the morning or mid day picker upper. Nothing beats a friendly and fun environment when getting your caffeine fix for the day. I highly recommend the Dutch Bros off of Cactus and Paradise Village Parkway on the west side of the Paradise Valley Mall parking lot and across the street from Target.
5	I have been wanting to try Dutch Brother's Coffee for awhile now.   Until today I have not a match up of thirst and proximity to a Dutch Bros. Coffee. We stopped by today and had the most positive customer experience I can ever remember.  The relentlessly positive and efficient staff made buying an ice coffee  absolutely a joy.The service was so good that if you were having a bad day just stopping in and getting a coffee from the staff would turn it around.On top of the customer service experience the coffee was very good as well.I will be stopping by Dutch Bros. Coffee in the future and will prefer it to other coffee shops.
4	Minus a star for happy hour ending and them not telling me it was going to end :(
5	Really great service . The staff was friendly a quick ! I would recommend anyone to come support their business!
4	Couldn't be any friendlier.  Where do they get these employees?  The espresso was just okay--a bit ashy.
5	This staff rocks!  They always put a smile on my face and jump in my step.  They truly work hard and remind me of old fashioned customer service!
5	god bless Dutch Bros
5	If you need a quick pick-me-up, this is the place for you.  If you need a mood adjustment, this is the place for you!If you drive in grumpy, you'll drive out smiling. That's what happens when go to Dutch Bros.The employees are very friendly and personable and make an effort to make your drink right every time.If you're not sure what to order they'll make suggestions. If you're not in the mood for a coffee drink they have Italian sodas and other options. This location is right down the street from me so I am fortunate to enjoy this experience often. Lucky me!
5	Normally if my folks are heading to my place they stop and grab some from here. Every time its been real good. Normally just drive threw experience but hey, beats starbucks any day
5	This is my first review in Yelp even though I'm regular user of Yelp for years.  I rarely write review.Forget about how good the coffee is, I had the ice kicker double shot.  The employees there were super friendly.  I was greeted with super genuine smile and enthusiastic spirit that compel me to pull over after I got my coffee to write this review.I've been traveling for 20 years and I can't remember the last time I felt this good leaving the restaurants/coffee shop.  If you are ever feeling down stop by this place, it's probably better than seeing therapist, definitely cheaper.
4	Always great service here. Conveniently located on my commute to work. I love their punch card and their text deals. I always get their caramelizer in freeze form, my favorite.
5	I come here at least 3 times a week, sometimes twice a day.  If you want strong, artistic lattes/cappuccinos go elsewhere.  If you want sweeter, flavored lattes this is the spot.  Haven't tried their regular coffee so this review is based on the lattes.
4	Really tasty. My sweet boyfriend delivered one of these to me and it was the best treat! I had a large white chocolate mocha. It was a wonderful blend of flavors, and the sweetness wasn't overhwhelming. One of my favorite coffee drinks and sooooo worth the calories! 1000x better than Starbucks. I hear the service is awesome. One day I'll have to go in and experience it.
2	This is probably just me, because I hate having conversations with strangers. I also hate having conversations with strangers who seem to be faking their peppy-ness. I don't want to tell you about my life, my car, my shirt, or anything else. I want you to give me the dutch freeze I ordered that is going to melt in 5 minutes and become watered down "coffee". I don't know how people like DB that much, to be honest. D:
5	It's really fun place cool people very joyous and upbeat hard to find these days in an employee service 5 stars all the way
5	On my first visit to Dutch brothers- I asked for a second to order- told them it was my first time. They we're so freaking friendly- It was like rainbows, Christmas, butterflies and unicorns all wrapped up into one cashier/ barista. Never met someone so friendly- very nice change. They also made some suggestions. Then gave me a punch card almost punched full so I would come back- Great CS. the coffee was great too!
5	Better than Starbucks!  Staff is so happy even when 108 degrees and order taking outside (to speed up drive-through time).
4	The coffee is excellent (Better than starbucks IMHO)  and the people that work at DB seem to really love their jobs!  They will chat you up while you wait for your order and it always seems to put me in a better mood.  I love the Cocomo, it is my favorite.  My kids love getting a steamer with a vanilla or chocolate shot and whipped cream and the workers always make my kids part of the conversation too!
3	I had to stop and check out the hype. I am not a fan of coffee shops that serve burnt coffee. DB's coffee is over roasted just like Char-bucks. Their only saving grace was their employees. They had music playing and seemed to be having a great time.
5	Everyone was so friendly and helpful during my first time there! They were jamming out to music and knew how to put their customers in a good mood!
3	Don't get me wrong, I really like their coffee, but I usually get an ice quad coffee with vanilla and a little bit of cream. After a while my coffee tastes more like water than coffee because I've seen them making it and they add water to the coffee. I will continue to go there because its convenient and the staff is great. But in my opinion they should change their way of doing the ice coffee without adding so much water !
5	This area of paradise valley had prayers answered when this DB went in !  Love the product and service!  They will even create custom drinks for you if you're feeling adventurous and need a creative barista to match your spirit animal.  Recently, I was given a "white walker-iced-something-delicious" to enjoy while watching the Game of Thrones season finale. They get me. The Brothers le Dutch get me.
5	This is better than Starbucks coffee for a way better price! The girls at the window were also super sweet and very patient while my mom and I took a while to order. Thanks, Dutch Bros.!
5	AH-MAZING! I was visiting from out of town and heard this was the best coffee around. It was!! The kicker was sooooo good! Perfect t way to start my day! And my hubby only does espresso and LOVED his!! A morning must!
5	Love love love this place! Staff is always super friendly! And great coffee. What else do you need! Plus it's location is great! I absolutely love it!
5	Dutch Bros. has the BEST tasting coffee. They can pretty much make anything your heart desires and it will be the pick me up you need. They have so many regular AND sugar free flavors that it will suit anyone's needs. Might a suggest the Kicker or their Chai Lattes! Hot or cold, it's all delicious. Not to mention they have the friendliest and most helpful staff on the planet. I will go out of my way to get this coffee over Starbucks and other coffee places every time. The prices are very reasonable and they have quite the following of Dutch Bros. lovers, you should become one of them!
4	I recently saw this brand on Undercover Boss and with one just around the corner finally gave it a try.  The service was great, the coffee even better, now I just need to make it part of my daily routine
5	Everyone is awesome! All the employees are always chill and pleasant, Tristan is a beast! PS The Peach smoothie is the best!
5	Oh my this coffee is the best! I used to get the Kicker, but I have changed to the non-fat Annihilator and it was so amazing! Even though I normally go through the drive-thru and am only there for a short time the staff is ALWAYS so outgoing and helpful... although I am sure if I drank that coffee all day I would be that happy too! Love the stamp cards and love them even more when they give you more than one stamp per visit :)
5	Great service, fantastic drinks and my go to spot for a strong inexpensive delicious coffee :) make sure to try their secret "sex on the beach" flavored green tea!!!!
5	Dutch Bro's coffee is amazing, not burnt like Starbucks, or watered down. The drinks are fresh to order and their stamp card system is amazing if you're a regular. The staff is super up beat, polite and they always have awesome music rockin. I recommend the skinny carmalizer, hot. It doesn't taste too different from the original with less calories. I'm so sad i'm moving away from this location, but will probably go out of my way to stop by once in a while. Great coffee, but even better people!
5	I love this place, staff, coffee, and punch card! Try the iced Pocahontas. Don't ask questions, just do what I say. ;)
3	Dutch bros has good coffee. It seems like every time I go there is a long line. It shows that people will wait for the coffee. Love that they have a punch card. However, it feels so fake when you get up to the window. It's too much. I just want my coffee, we don't need to pretend to be friends. There is a difference from being friendly and annoyingly awkward. Love the coffee... Just wish the experience was toned down a bit. Especially when you just wake up and really need a caffeine fix.
4	Oh Dutch Bros, why must you be the stealer of my soul? Your coffee is so delightful I almost feel as if I go a day without it, I will become dust! Seriously though... This coffee is amazing and the staff is ALWAYS friendly (sometimes too friendly before I've had my caffeine fix). This is my favorite location but sometimes that line can get outrageous. Did I mention their coffee is so worth it though?
5	I came here yesterday after my mom and I have been scoping it out to try. Everyone I know (literally everyone) is obsessed with Dutch bros and now that it's walking distance from my new place I figured why not check it out. We pulled up to the drive thru and this young blonde cheerful guy (didn't get his name) greeted us and asked what we wanted. We told him it was our first time but the Dutch freeze looked amazing. He explained everything and was so helpful. He even bought our drink for us. I've been in the industry for a long time and you can tell when someone is doing something because they have to vs doing something because they just really care about their customers and that's this place!Anywhoooo give it a shot you will love it! Try the bob Marley :)
4	Love Dutch Bros coffee. They actually know how to make some drinks that stump Starbucks people. I wish they had some indoor seating (or at least power outlets) though, and wifi. I'd hang out here more. Most of my time spent waiting is because the baristas are chatty with everyone. I don't mind it so much but when you're in a hurry, it can be annoying. Also, I posted a picture of one of the employees having a meeting with another. I don't know who they are, other than workers, since they at least have the tshirt. Dude's showing crack. Of all the tables and seats he could have picked, he picked the one that shows me his back. Gross and unprofessional. I get you're trying to be hip and cool but have some class too. A belt and better fitting shirt isn't gonna kill your cool look. Also, be aware of your surroundings and sit so you don't present your crack to customers, much less female ones.Too long of wait times, no indoor seating/power outlets/wifi, and employee showing crack lost you a star on this review guys. Other than that, I like your coffee, the convenience of this location, and your dog-friendly ways. (I saw a guy with his dog and they gave them a doggy treat. It's corporate-wide I guess!)
2	The coffee is delicious. But the incessant yammering when you pull up to the window is just too much! I know they are trying to be friendly but they need to learn to read body language and tone it way down. I really wasn't interested in hearing what the young man who served me my coffee today was planning to buy for every single member of his entire family for Christmas, nor did I really want to answer his questions about what I'm purchasing my family for Christmas. Just serve the coffee with a smile and tell me to have a nice day, please.
5	Seriously like the most wonderful place on Gods green earth. The kids who work here are so freakin adorable & friendly & helpful & they like totally cheer you up. Their coffee is out of this world.....it's kinda like an antidepressant cuz it cheers me up when I'm sad & stuff! I normally get the cocomo half sweet cuz it's like waaaaay too sweet (& I add like 7 extra shots of espresso) lol it's such a great place! You haven't really lived life if you haven't tried dutch bros! It's THE PLACE TO BE ;)
