5	I've been once, and was blown away; it was one of my best restaurant meals in Pittsburgh, having lived here 15 years.  The first course (beans with a wonderful vinaigrette) was excellent, the main course (scallops) was excellent, and the dessert (chocolate cake) was excellent.  I can't think of many other Pittsburgh restaurants where each dish made me think "wow!" with each bite.  (Hyeholde comes to mind).Two deficiencies: it's often crowded and when it is, it's loud.  I got there at 8pm on a Tuesday evening, and there was a 15 min. wait (a reflection of its popularity).  The repeat business it seems to draw within the local neighborhood reminds me of Point Brugge Cafe.  I think Legume should do something to soften its acoustics.  If you're looking for a romantic evening with private conversation, this may not be the place, because the tables are quite close together.  But the food is excellent.Portions are a good size, i.e. smaller than Pittsburgh norms.  Prices are a little high (maybe $45 per person).  They don't have alcohol; they're BYOB.  Reservations for parties of 6 or more, only.  Their menu is a little heavy on the meat, for my taste.  I would have appreciated more vegetarian options.
4	I feel as though with most new restaurants, they tend to suffer in the details. This is really no different with Legume.It is a charming small place, yet not suited for intimate dinners. The noise levels were atrocious to the point where you could not hear the person sitting across from you. You're just bombarded with noise pollution the whole time you're there. They had newly installed sound dampening panels suspended from the ceiling, but they need to install more and put them on the walls as well. The menu is ambitious and the execution is good, price point is a tad high particularly for the neighbourhood.When I was there, it didn't seem like the crowd was local Regent Square neighbourhood peeps.  The crowd consisted of groups of Babyboomers and anyone under 35 was there as a couple. We had reservations, though it's confusing as to whether they take them or not. We had called a day ahead and told that they don't take reservations, but the next day when someone else answered the phone they happily accepted reservations. Our server was fairly friendly and helpful. The owners walked around refilling people's waters and busing. The decor is cute and tables are bare. The difference between a place in San Francisco and Pittsburgh is that both would have tin ceilings, but in Pittsburgh they would be painted.  We ordered Roasted Marrow Bones with Sea Salt and Toasted Country Bread and Sliced Lamb's Tongue with Potato Salad, Pickled Cucumber and Bistro Vinaigrette as the first course. The lamb's tongue came first and was delicious. However paired with their  bistro vinagrette, it was reminiscent of head cheese. I think the more delicate lamb tongue flavour was a bit overwhelmed  by the pickle that accompanied it. I think I would have preferred a white sauce with the lamb's tongue or just a dollop of creme fraiche. The marrow bones were great on the toast. I believe it was the olive farm bread from Mediterra bakehouse. A small ramekin with rock sea salt accompanied the  bones, but I felt a flakier finishing salt would have been better. It's difficult to put just a little bit of rock salt on.I order the Arctic Char with Lentils, Red Wine and Potato-Celery Root Puree. The Arctic Char still had the skin on that was seared with a torch to a delicious crispness. The Potato-Celery Root puree was really good, very creamy. My husband had the Fennel and Red Wine Pork Sausage with Creamy Polenta and Red Sauce. Though the sausage was very good, I thought the Red Sauce was not a good match with the sausage and the polenta was not particularly good or bad. The presentation of all the dishes could be improved upon. I don't know if I would make a regular point of going there, bec. it's impossible to have a conversation. Yet its price point is maybe too high for groups. Some people might balk at the price unless it was a special occasion. However it's not suited to special occasions either. It's difficult to classify this restaurant, bec. the price point and food would almost fit into a "casual fine dining" yet the atmosphere and decor is too casual for that. I think maybe it's for those who want something very casual and every day, but have more discretionary income? Maybe there's a Regent Square I don't know about, but I don't think my friends who live there could afford to eat at Legume so often.
4	This is my first Yelp and my first visit to Legume. After having spent the last 3 nights eating out in Vancouver, BC, it was a pleasant surprise to eat comparable dishes in Pittsburgh. I didn't give it 5 stars cause you can't make reservations for less than 4 people. You can call at 5:00 pm the same evening and put yourself on the wait list. If you get voicemail, leave your name, number and time you wish to be seated.The food was unpretentious, which I prefer, and delicious. I had the steak tartar and the vegetarian polenta. (I had to make up all that rawness somehow.) The tartar was set up so I got to mix it myself. I prefer it served that way. The polenta with goat cheese and asparagus was a bit rich for me. But the flavors blended well. My partner had the Crostini with fig and ricotta as a starter. He is a beginner in this world of food, but savored his way through this dish. My taste was a burst of great flavors. I fell in love with the ricotta. As a child of "hate fish" parent, he ventured forth and order the blue marlin. He fell in love. The steak was good sized on a bead of peas and potatoes. It was crisp on the outside and soft and moist on the inside. We must have shocked his taste buds tonight.Dessert was ok. The rhubarb pandowdy was light on the rhubarb. The strawberry shortcake had fresh PA yummy strawberries. The shortcake was not as good as what I make.Yes the place is tight on space and loud, but the food certainly makes up for it.
4	A charming bistro. It offers a small, pleasing menu in a small, pleasing space. The selection may not be large, but what they do serve, they serve it well. They don't take reservations, but you can call ahead to get a time estimate.
5	Great place!  Excellent food, the owners do a lot of work finding great produce and top quality meat and fish. They prefer locally sourced ingredients, as long as they're delicious! They've experimented with smoking their own meats. They also develop relationships with local farms - we recently attended the second annual Jamison Lamb theme dinner, which included a presentation from the farmer about raising delicious lamb.The menu changes daily, and usually includes a fish entree, a beef or pork entree, and at least one vegetarian entree. They have no problem with alterations and substitutions, and if they run out of something they'll probably improvise something even better.The chef/owner (and his staff) are very skilled at making things that taste subtly amazing. The dressing on the field greens salad kind of tastes like lemon and kind of like vinegar but I just can't figure out how it tastes that good! The first summer they opened I ordered a fish dish served cold on lettuce with hard-boiled egg and pickled beets, just like a perfect retro picnic lunch. One night even I asked them why their butter tasted so much better than my butter at home!The menu can get adventurous, in a retro euro rustic kind of way. One winter they offered roast marrow bones - so of course we had to order them. You scooped the oily delicious marrow out of the leg bones and spread it on toast, it was fatty and delicious and totally worth the calories (and labor).   Desserts are great too - frequently there's a silky panna cotta with fresh seasonal fruit, a dense bittersweet chocolate torte, and a perfect fruit crumble.They do take reservations now, have for the past several months. You can request a reservation online from their website. I'm a little bummed about it because now they're busy all the time and we can't just walk down the street and get on the list!  The place is small and can get a bit noisy - if you're worried about that go early or late (5ish or 9ish) when it isn't full. Also it's BYOB - which in my book means you can bring a wine you like and it won't cost you $30 extra.  $3/bottle corking fee.Prices are on the high side, but deservedly so. Entrees can range from about $16 to $40, depending on ingredients, and appetizers run maybe another $7-11. But I'd pay the same at any good restaurant like Eleven or Dish or Soba.  Oh, for a few months (in spring 2009) they're trying Sunday brunch - some great things have showed up on that menu so far, not sure if they will make this a full-time offering.
3	It was a warm early summer night and Annie surprised me with reservations for this charming little bistro that I have been meaning to visit since it's opening, but for whatever reason just kept missing the opportunity.  However, after chatting with the chef at the restaurant party I'd renewed my urgency for visiting.  The restaurant is located on s. braddock ave. in regent square.  I used to spend more time here back when a friend lived near and its added a few good spots since (D's six pags and dogz for example, but I'll save that review for another time).  This is a nice area for date night with a few places for casual fine dining, independant flick at Regent square theater or shopping then pool and guiness at one of the local irish pubs.  Legume offers outdoor dining which is great especially when their is good people watching like there is here.  We weren't able to sit outside, but got a fine table in the intimate and dimly lit dining room.  It is a small place and unfortunately we were seated a little too close to some guy going on and on about "hedge funds", so it was a little too close for comfort.  I think there is like 8 or 10 tables mostly 4 tops.  The floors are hardwood and I like some of the details of the space itself such as the fixtures and art.  These folks also get the details as I noticed with the silverware they were using (I think "Toast!" uses the same type of simple ornate silverware).  A couple other non food details... It's byob for a small corkage fee of $3.  Many other spots charge $10.  You can feel comfy in Jeans, flip flops, or a suit and I noticed all forms of attire and all ages.  These folks are totally ingredient driven and I'm sure are into the whole farm to table movement and sustainability.  They change most of the menu daily and use top quality ingredients and often serve traditional fare with a contemporary flair.  Okay, onto the food.  We started with some good quality crusty bread and delicious room temperature high quality butter.  Our server was attentive and friendly without being intrusive.  I started with the tuna tartar. It was a nice portion of sushi grade tuna with perhaps a citrus or some type of acid used to cut the richness of the fish.  It was okay, I mean it didn't blow me away, but was perfectly acceptable.  However, I have to admit I've had tuna tartare that seemed to have a more crisp or "bright" flavor if you will at other places.  Again, it was fine just not 5 stars.  Annie tried the Buttermilk soup with bulger, chickpeas and parsley.  Unfortunately, Annie didn't know it was served cold and that would have been a non starter for her before go.  I tasted it and not really being a fan of cold soup it wasn't my thing either.  I get what he was going for I think.  It was rich while also not seeming to be too heavy.  It had a very layered flavor and I noticed many different spices most notably curry.  I had the steak for my entree and I think it was served with mashed potatoes.  It was cooked perfectly, delicious and flavorful.  The mashed potatoes were also really good. I don't think I want to know how much cream and butter is used.  For me the steak was the first thing I had that I really liked here.  Annie had their famous "Chicken cooked under a skillet with garlic and mashed potatoes".  I really enjoyed this also and see why it is so popular.  The chicken was moist and I prefer this than to just boring chicken breast.  The skin was great and the mashed potatoes again were quite good.  We skipped dessert, however I think next time we'll definitely try them.  One last thing the waitress noticed Annie didn't eat her soup and insisted on taking it off the bill.  This place is quite good and probably deserves 3.5 stars.  I hope to do a better job on my choices next time and update this review with another star.
5	My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, located in my favorite neighborhood.
5	I went to Legume for the first time a few weeks ago. The atmosphere, service, and food were excellent. We made a reservation for a Friday night. The food is very fresh, local, and best of all, delicious. When eating the first bites of my food, I paused to enjoy all of the flavors. Also, bring a bottle of your favorite wine.
4	They now do take proper reservations. Yay!
5	I went here for the first time on Tuesday night.  Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable but more important the FOOD was INCREDIBLE.  I want to go back tonight, tomorrow, the day after that, you get the point...
5	Perfectly prepared American/French Bistro fare. Every dish I've had has been executed perfectly, with the highest quality ingredients. Due to the whole pregnancy thing there were a couple things I can't eat. I wanted to try the whole roasted fish, which came with an aioli (raw eggs) and the chef graciously substituted a tomato sauce that was delicious-I can't imagine the aioli was any better! The roasted chicken is always spot on, with flavorful pan juices, crispy skin, and juicy meat.  Probably one of my favorite things I ever had were these Pork Rilletes, with a plum-rhubarb ketchup (tasted sort of like a BBQ sauce)- it was BBQ pulled pork elevated to a whole new level. The desserts are delicious as well. I LOVE their chocolate cake- and I do not have a sweet tooth! All in all, their ingredients are of the highest quality, their food is cooked and seasoned to perfection, and I've never had anything that wasn't delicious. It's only cons: it's TINY and can be hard to get a seat, 2) because they change their menu daily and get everything in fresh- they can run out of a particular dish (or dishes) even early in the evening.
5	My girlfriend took me here for my birthday, and it was fantastic! The two of us were gawking over every dish on the menu and actually logged a (faux) complaint to the very nice and knowledgeable waitress that there were too many attractive options on the menu to choose from!But I'm getting ahead of myself. Legume is a small (14 tables) restaurant in Regent Square (on S. Braddock Ave.) The interior isn't the most extravagant, but if you can score one of the two tables by the windows (we did!) you'll have a semi-private nook to dine in. The wait staff were all very friendly and did everything they could to make our dining experience exceptional. And boy did they succeed.But the decor and service were nothing compared to the food. It was, by far, one of the best (and creative) meals I've had in a while (I just made a trip to NYC). We started with a baked cheese, honey, granny smith apples, and sour cherry dish that was divine. Possibly my favorite part of the meal. The cheese had this wonderful texture (think Baked Bree, but with a more solid consistency...but still very soft) and the honey flavor was perfect.Next we ordered the Duck Confit and belly of some fish (forgot the menu at home) served raw. Both were delicious. The duck was rich (as it should be given that it was cooked in its own fat) and the fish was meaty (in a very good way) and perfectly prepared.Our main dishes were veal and antelope leg. Yup, you read that right, antelope leg! I've never had it before, but it was fantastic...a cross between duck and beef. And I can't forget the veal...a nice piece that was so tender that it fell apart in your mouth.As a side, we had brussel sprouts with bacon! Yum. Though I tend to prefer when the brussel sprouts are still intact in their little balls of deliciousness...this dish came with the leaves separated. Still great though.We capped off the meal with a baked apple crisp topped with creme fresh. It was the prefect end to a wonderful meal.And, by the way, this place is BYOB, so you can easily save $30-40 on the wine. You can be certain that I will be going back to this delicious eatery again and again!
3	I found the food to be good, but a bit overpriced.  I liked that they were BYOB.  The atmosphere was fine but nothing amazing.
4	Legume is a small restaurant up in Regent Square that serves up extremely tasty food in a not so formal setting.  Their menu changes daily depending on ingredients the chef can get his hands on.  The chef is from Maine originally and thus is a stickler to high quality seafood; the restaurant actually gets all their seafood shipped directly from the suppliers instead of through distributers.I've tried their duck confit and pate as appetizers.  I was originally surprised to see duck confit listed, as it's not a dish I have run across in Pittsburgh ever (if you know where I can get it, let me know!).  Both appetizers are definitely worth having again.I've tried their lamb chops; perfectly seasoned and cooked to medium rare.  Their cassoulet is rich and hearty and perfect for the cold winter months.  The proteins they use are sausage, pork, and duck confit along with the beans of course.  The flavors were rich, but it was a tad too salty for me, and my palate already prefers the food I eat to be heavily seasoned.They do take reservations now, so that's always a good thing.  They're also BYOB ($4 corkage).  And every now and then they have special events for special occasions, so definitely be on the lookout for those as well.
4	The food here is actually damn good, and while you can probably guess from the price, you can't guess from the decor; it's a tiny place, and it's *loud* in there, as it's hard walls and a hard ceiling with close together tables.  For what they're charging and the food they're serving, it seems like - generically - they might be better served by a slightly larger location.Plates are small, entree portions are good, portions of sides are about half of what I'd normally expect; I really like sides more than entrees, so I was put off by the tiny plates of sides.  Would probably spend more and order an additional side on my next trip in.  I like *eating* food, not just looking at it.Only thing that really knocked it off of five stars was our waiter; he seemed condescending to both of us, although we didn't mention that to each other until it came up in conversation the next day.  (You thought that guy was kind of uninterested and rude?  I did too!)
5	INCREDIBLE!As an out-of-towner I looked to Yelp to provide me with restaurant recommendations for my weekend trip to Pittsburgh. You did not disappoint with this little gem!While the inside lacks much decor the food and service make up for that in leaps and bounds. I made a reservation since the place is small. Despite getting caught in traffic for 30 mins (and thus being that late) the staff held the table I'd reserved for my boyfriend and me. Their menu changes quite often (monthly I think?) and I could not have been happier with our selections. One of the highlights was the corn soup - incredible, robust and flavorful- I've never had anything like it! My peach glazed pork chop was incredible as well as were the perfectly tender green beans and fluffy rice that came with it. Despite being stuffed after dinner we ordered dessert and thank God for that! We had the chocolate truffle cake and it was unreal, melt-in-your-mouth chocolaty goodness. And it was smothered in homemade whipped cream. We topped if off with delicious coffee served in individual strainers. Stunning meal. Wish I could transport this place to NYC!
4	This is one of our favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh (along with Seviche). It is a little pricey, but the quality of the food (from mostly local sources), the preparation methods, and the services is outstanding. Highly recommend it.
5	At this point, we've all been hammered over the head about seasonal ingredients, nose-to-tail eating, and the merits of being a locavore.  Watching celebrity chefs on TV remind us about the importance of using fresh, local ingredients is beginning to border on insulting--we get it.  And no, we can't afford to get our fish overnighted from the Pacific.  But a place like Legume--my favorite restaurant in 2010--reminds us all how important those things really are.Legume manages the almost impossible balancing act of being ethically sound without being preachy.  If I were a much, much better cook, this is the kind of place I'd want to run.  They source locally and pick sustainable ingredients for their dishes.  They can their own tomatoes during the summer since winter tomatoes are...well, terrible tasting.  There are a ton of little details like these in terms of how the back of the house is run that make me love this place.  If you're familiar with how Arrows (ME) approaches food, this isn't too far off.But let's say you love red snapper and Chilean sea bass and have no real interest in where your food is coming from, all you care about is how it tastes.  It tastes amazingly good.  I've eaten at Legume a number of times and I had to rack my brain to remember a single, slight slip from the kitchen (slightly, slightly overdry meat, and only once out of many visits).  Although the chef generally keeps "safe" options on the menu (Chicken Under a Brick, etc), I strongly recommend giving the more unusual offerings a try.  Even the sides and addons are amazing--Belle has developed an unhealthy addiction to their pickled haricot verts.  It's a fairly small place, but has a fun, hip atmosphere well-suited to Regent Square.And, a final plug for their theme nights.  They offer a regular vegetarian menu as well as seasonally-focused special events.  It may be something like offering lobster ravioli in fall (yes, lobster is seasonal) or my personal favorite, offal night.  Lots of places in Pittsburgh do excellent food.  Legume does that, but also does really interesting, obviously very personal food.
4	Love. This. Place.
5	Loved it!  Very vegan friendly, unpretentious, and relaxed.  Import beer distributor across the street is perfect for BYOB.  The staff was casual, polite, and genuine.  Definitely a favorite in Pittsburgh!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant  (it was Point Brugge for quite some time!) Went here on a Wednesday for the vegetarian tasting menu. Warm, crusty bread to start followed by excellent cream of mushroom soup. The next dish was goat cheese crostini with hot pepper jelly.  Not my favorite, but the goat cheese was great.  Main course was crispy faro with ricotta cheese, corn, mushrooms, and tomato pesto.  It was perfectly prepared and sized.$4 corkage fee was reasonable.  The desserts sounded great but I was stuffed. Love the close, bustling atmosphere.  Servers were attentive but not annoying. Looking forward to trying the rest of the vegetarian menu.Pros: Fresh, local ingredients, great service, great atmosphere.Cons: My dining partner felt it was a little pricey for the serving sizes, but I was satisfied.  I highly suggest making a reservation. At 8PM on a Wednesday, the small restaurant was full.
1	This review is based upon my first and only experience with Legume. As a token of appreciation I took a friend there for dinner, I had recently moved to the area and my friend helped with my move. It was a rainy weekday evening in the summertime. We were seated at a small table in the front of the dining room, next to the entryway. At that time the customers would wait outside until they were seated but due to the rain the customers piled in a very small area adjacent to my chair. I could not lift my left arm without bumping into the person standing beside me. The noise level was overwhelming to the point that I could not carry on a conversation with my friend. The service was mediocre, we had to ask for an iced tea refill. When I complained about the crowding around my table, his response was "I'll see what I can do". He didn't even offer an apology. Then there was the meal. We both ordered the same items - a salad, iced tea and the least expensive choice on the menu. Our bill was $65.00 and we both felt unsatisfied, the portions were child size. The pasta dish with caramelized onions was tasteless. The salad was the highlight of our experience.I would normally return to give a second chance, however. since the entire experience was unsatisfactory, I will not return.
4	We made reservations for a friday night. It was packed, but our table was ready and waiting. We brought our own wine too. The staff was really nice and helpful. The Kohlrabi and feta salads were very tasty, but quite small. The pork shoulder tasted like a pork shoulder... it could have used some more seasoning or chutney or something. The lamb steak was perfect. I would definitely go here again. It was a little pricey, but completely worth it.
4	We went to Legume on Saturday for dinner. The restaurant is small but friendly atmosphere. We had the pre-fix four course dinner. The menu changes periodically, but the flavor remains consistent and wonderful.  For appetizers, we had turnip soup and sate mushrooms.  Entrees we picked duck and salmon.  Lastly, panna cotta for desert. Everything was delicious. The service was excellent.  We definitely return to try out new menus and recommend this place anytime.
4	excerpt from full reviewhttp://www.rodzillareviews.com/2011/03/legume.html"Legume isn't the type of place to go if you're looking to be seen, searching for some off the wall ingredient pairings or the next inspired dish. But if you're looking for a relaxed meal where you can be assured that the emphasis has been placed on the food, they're definitely worth a visit. The melding of traditional Italian, French and American fare with a rotational menu brings just enough flare to keep the offerings exciting. Quality food with quality service always deserves a recommendation. "
5	My brother, who's from out of town, declared this his favorite meal in Pittsburgh in the numerous visits he's made to see me. I've lived here for two, going on three years and I have to agree. We knew legume was small and popular, but decided to try our luck at walking in without a reservation on a Saturday around 5:30. The manager was very apologetic when he said they were all booked. We exited and were walking down the street, trying to figure out a Plan B, when we heard someone rushing up behind us--the manager. Apparently someone had just called to cancel a reservation, so we could have their table. Running down half a block to catch us? That's dedication and great customer service. (But don't risk it like we did--make a reservation!)And the food? Usually I have a favorite dish or two of a meal--but I liked every single part of our meal and just can't narrow it down. We started with the crostini with goat cheese and pepper jelly. The pepper jelly was both sweet and spicy, and a nice contrast to the tangy goat cheese. Next, we had a wheat berry salad with grapefruit and feta--delicious. While my entree, the mushroom ravioli, doesn't sound all that exotic, it was perfectly executed--the pasta dough was fresh and cooked just right, and the parmesan cream sauce was spot-on. (Brother was very happy with the flounder.) We finished off our dinner with the chocolate truffle cake and the caramel rice pudding--both were good, though here I guess I can point to a favorite and say that I preferred the chocolate truffle cake--not too rich, but just the right amount of chocolate goodness.Yes, legume is on the pricey side, especially according to Pittsburgh standards. The portions are also small by Pittsburgh standards. We didn't leave feeling stuffed, but perfectly satisfied. One of the hostesses was very friendly as we were leaving, and apologized for turning us away initially and then chasing us down--but I let her know that we were really grateful for what they did. I have no regrets about legume, except that I didn't try it earlier!
5	I think this is the first 5-star review that I have given an eating establishments, but what can I say- Legume deserves it.  Hands down my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Seriously comparable to a NY/CA foodie restaurant.  BYOB too- which is always nice.The cuisine is delectable, and can best be described as fresh, seasonal, local, organic fare.  I would say "California Cuisine" but won't for obvious reasons.  Everything we have eaten here, from the appetizers to the desserts are amazing.A few downsides that aren't a hang up for me- but may be for other people.  The restaurant, located in Regent Square is TINY, (that being said, it is MOVING to a bigger location in Oakland this Summer-yeah!) I have always made reservations beforehand.  Also, because of the small space, the restaurant only has a certain number of certain entrees, etc.  My fiance ALWAYS chooses what they have run out of- so that's kind-of annoying, but I get it.Totally amazing- really yummy, charming atmosphere, polite staff. Loves it.
3	Highs and lows. NF and I walked in and instantly realized that we were the youngest people in the place (not counting service) by about 20 years. And everyone was either speaking really loudly, or there is nothing in the building designed to muffle noise. But they're moving. Things will probably change, right?The service was not unfriendly, but I wouldn't call it friendly either. The atmosphere says "hey, come on in, we're approachable!" but the servers don't smile.Often, when NF and I eat together, one of us has the much better meal. This one went to him. I've never liked duck, but he ordered it and legume's duck made me a believer. My nettle soup, however, tasted like... nothing. Actually, and specifically, nothing at all. Maybe vague potato. His pork cheeks were porky and delicious, but my chicken under a skllet was also leaning toward blandness. (Although my assessment isn't totally fair because NF has made the same thing but on the grill, which I think vastly improved the flavor. But if a non-chef guy at home can make a better version of a thing at the restaurant, then...hmm.)Overall, it was a nice meal for a reasonable price and I see no particular reason to rush back.
5	My wife (who was the girlfriend at the time of my my previous review!) and I just visited the new location and it was fantastic. The food was as good as ever and the space is great, if not a bit overly ambitious.We both tried the Surprise 3 Course Vegetarian meal, which is basically, chef's choice for three courses. All were fantastic, but the standouts were really the baked cheese starter and this corn/tomato sauce/some kind of grain middle course. I don't know what that second dish was, but boy was it tasty! The service was excellent as before, so nothing to update here.My only concerns are 1) will they be able to pack in the customers into this huge (about 100 seats) space and 2) what's the parking situation? On a weeknight we parked about a block away, which was fine, but not ideal. If they do valet on weekends, this shouldn't be an issue, but something to look out for.Give Legume a try!
5	The scallops were perfectly cooked and the corn soup with chilli oil showed a good concept of flavor balance.
4	If you are a fan of Legume in the previous location, you should definitely experience the restaurant in their new digs.  There is a wonderful spaciousness, plus the same attention to detail.  Really great food with a farm to table sensibility, creativity, and delicious food.  The other thing that is new is a fabulous wine list with lots of great and surprising choices.  Highly recommended.
4	Simply put, the food here is excellent.  The menu changes on a daily basis, so there isn't much point going into the specifics.  Just know that our dishes included an Arctic Char that was perfectly cooked, as was a pork chop and pork shoulder.  Just fantastic.  Also, the coffee is french pressed and very, very good.There is valet parking right across the street for $2 w/validation.  Also, I'm told it used to be a BYOB restaurant w/a $3 cork fee - but now it has a full bar, so it's still BYOB but the cork fee is $15.It falls short of 5 stars because our service wasn't great.  The staff were friendly, water refills and such were timely, but we had nearly 25 minutes between our apps and entrees.  In that interval, we didn't see a single person.  Also, desert was brought out well before our coffee, so we were basically done with the desert by the time it finally came.Someone also mentioned the small portion sizes, but this was not the case at all.  Unless you and your friend are Joey Chestnut and Kobiyashi in preparation for the Nathan's hot-dog eating contest, you have well-sized plates.If you just want great food and aren't too much of  service snob, this place is 5 stars.  Even despite the service glitches, it's a great meal.
5	Outstanding is a word I rarely use to describe a restaurant but Legume is deserving of such praise because it is just that good. I hadn't dined at the first location but my wife had and she says good things. We tried the new location one chilly and drizzly Friday evening and the place was buzzing. Good sign. Service was a bit shaky at first (we seemed to have been forgotten...but maybe it was because we were tucked away in a far corner of the room and the staff were still getting used to the space). Fortunately service improved over the course of the evening. We had a great meal. Prior to moving to Pittsburgh we lived in France for two years, slightly outside of Paris. While the living in France experience wasn't all "rainbows and unicorns" joyous, the food was of course great a lot of the time. Many of the dishes we had at Legume reminded us of happy dinners we had enjoyed in France. There was clearly a Gallic influence on the kitchen and what impressed us was the expert execution. French food when done well means simple ingredients prepared perfectly or more complexity that is pulled off effortlessly. This is what Legume's kitchen did. We enjoyed the baked fetta (reminded us of baked cheese courses in France), duck confit, beef, and swordfish. Everything was delicious and perfectly balanced and executed with apparent ease. Dessert was less memorable (honestly, I don't remember...apple something maybe?!).Overall a great experience and really one of Pittsburgh's premier restaurants.Oh, and Jeff G's previous review mentioned parking... The garage under the building across the street does valet. With validation I think it was maybe $2.
5	This is a gem of a farm-to-table restaurant.  The menu changes at least in part because of what local producers are bringing in.  Really inventive cooking.  It has been in its new location only a couple of weeks, and the restaurant is working hard to make things smooth.  It's quieter than the prior location (no more pretty tin ceiling).  $2 valet parking across the street.
4	Another great restaurant in the Pittsburgh area.  We tried several items here and nothing fell flat.  The food was perfectly executed, cooked well, & presented well.  I was surprised how large the space was in this place; given that the menu is constantly changing, I expected a small dining room, but it's surprisingly spacious.  I would guess that they have to run out of things, but we didn't have any problems with that while we were here.  The reason for 4 instead of 5 stars...there aren't a lot of entrees on the menu; when I was there, there were only 3 proteins, one was salmon & two were steak.  If you're not a meat eater, you're limited to the one bowl suppers...the options are okay but appear to be carb-heavy.   Looking at today's menu, there are 4 protein options, so maybe I just caught it on an off night.  Prices are reasonable given the execution; I'll add this place to my "special" rotation.One last thing...we tried buttermilk panna cotta...if you see it on the menu, you have to get it.  It's freakin' fantastic.  I'm not normally a dessert person, but I could have this every night.
3	Friends of mine have been talking about eating at Legume for a while, so I was excited to try it last night.  It was a pleasant dining experience, but nothing to knock my socks off. We met in the bar, which is very cozy and romantic.  The bartenders were very friendly and attentive both before and after the meal, when we returned for an after-drink, as was our waiter throughout our meal.  When we were seated, I was a bit surprised at how bright it was, but our part of the dining room was full of older people so maybe they couldn't see the menus otherwise.  We stared with a pork pate served with toasts and whole-grain mustard.  It was . . . fine.  When I'm getting pig, I expect great things, and this was just mediocre.  Next I had an escarole salad with pancetta and a poached egg, which was outstanding.  My date had a salad with a blue cheese sformato and beets.  My taste of it was, similar to the pate, underwhelming considering the greatness of the individual ingredients. For my main dish I had a sweet potato ravioli, which was really excellent.  I could have eaten twice as much even though I was already full.  My date had the chicken under the skillet, which I didn't try but was an enormous portion. Compared to some other upscale restaurants in the area, the price of the meal was reasonable.  That said, at this price point, I'd probably go elsewhere (Spoon, Meat and Potatoes, etc.) next time.
4	Cute neighborhood restaurant. Very fun that the menu changes daily. They were very accommodating for me, a vegetarian (they have a veggie entree pre-planned, though it wasn't on the actual menu). Pleasant atmosphere.
5	Oh legume -- you are forgiven for leaving me. I know now that I have not been forsaken, I just have to drive to see you now. What once was an extremely tiny neighborhood joint with aspirations that could not be contained in its diminutive space, is now a vast elegant (but not overbearing) restaurant in the city's academic center. There is little charming about N. Craig St., so like others, I was highly skeptical of the move. Thankfully for the food scene in Pittsburgh, Trevett and Sarah are savvier business folk than us Regent Square homers. The new space is open, subdued, and pleasantly quiet. I would like to see them get some more art up--in the section where we were seated, the creamy walls were entirely blank. I was very happy to find the same lovely, warm staff--ever maintaining a wonderful balance between friendly familiarity and fabulous professionalism. Service is usually only mentioned in the negative, and it worth taking a second to really give legume kudos for collecting, cultivating, and keeping a truly remarkable, knowledgeable, and pleasant staff who clearly care about the food they serve and making sure that you enjoy it. I had been to legume's former location a number of times, and this has been a consistent experience. Then there is the reason so many of us became loyal visitors to the itsy bitsy bistro on S. Braddock Ave--the food. Oh my, oh my. Trevett Hooper and the kitchen staff of legume love food, and it shows. Like many other Pittsburgh restaurants (isn't it awesome that I can write that!?!), they seek out locally-sourced vegetables, meat, and cheeses, so the ingredients are fresh and of very high quality. Ingredients are combined in creative, mouthwatering dishes, and perfectly executed. This particular evening, I was taking my mother out for an early birthday celebration. I was glad when she chose the lobster ravioli with chives and parsnip puree ($29), as I knew she would love it, and she did. I was also impressed that, instead of going for the boring cream sauce option, the chef instead used the lobster stock to cook down a reduction with which the fresh pasta wrapped raviolis were glazed.I started out with the curly endive salad with blue cheese mustard vinaigrette, pear, and candied walnuts ($9). The endive was not bitter at all and the flavors played beautifully off each other. The salad came dressed, but it was perfect--flavorful, but no dressing puddle on the bottom of the plate. Mom had the rutabaga pear soup with pancetta and croutons, which I totally would have ordered if it were vegetarian. She claimed that it was well-balanced, with the pear's mild sweetness brightening up the earthy rutabaga.If you like meat and care about the animals from which they come, legume should quickly earn a regular spot in your restaurant rotation. On the other hand, if you are a vegetarian like me, you will also find much to love at Legume. The veg options are always more limited, but:1) they're always well-thought-out and creative;2) the servers understand what vegetarian means and will direct you appropriately, e.g., when going over the dessert menu, Jason let me know that the pound cake had lard in it;3) They're always willing to work with you. If you are vegan or have other dietary restrictions, they ask that you give them a call in advance, and they'll do their best to work something up for you; And,4) Most important, they are delicious! I had the crispy spelt with sweet potatoes (pureed), mushrooms, house-made ricotta, shaker dry roasted corn, and sweet and sour cabbage ($18). I wasn't entirely sure what I was getting myself into, but was not disappointed when I took my first bite. Artfully arranged in layers and topped with a crispy spelt "cracker", the flavors blended perfectly with each bite -- the lightly sweet sweet potato, savory mushroom, lightly rich ricotta, and the sweet-tart bite from the cabbage were delightful. I finished off dinner with the warm gingerbread topped with poached quince and whipped cream. If you are a fan of dark molasses gingerbread, I give this a hearty thumbs up. My mom opted (despite being "too full") for the toasted pound cake with vanilla ice cream, poached kumquats, and caramel sauce. She said it was delicious, but could have done with a bit more caramel sauce. (Based on visual observation, I would agree, however, it should be noted that moms could drink a mug of caramel sauce.) I have been quite remiss in reviewing the places I've dined recently, so the fact that I took a menu with me (w/permission!) to ensure that I would not forget anything in my review should be an indication of how much I enjoyed my experience. PS: A note on cost -- I marked the place as "spendy," because it is, but the entree prices are very reasonable, both for size and quality. Obviously, you aren't going to get Cheesecake Factory portions here (thank goodness), but you'll definitely have enough to eat.
5	Food was amazing!!! Service was great!! Atmosphere was very nice! All around great restaurant. :)
5	Yes.Yes Yes yes Yes.My experience at Legume last night is in a close running for my best Pittsburgh restaurant experience, ever...As many have mentioned, I was a bit skeptical of their move to North Oakland of all places. While N.Craig St doesn't have much draw in and of itself, it does seem like a somewhat central location, I'll give them that. I'm not sure how to describe the decor, I'm very curious what the space was pre-Legume, but it feels a lot like a dimly lit 1950's hotel foyer.At any rate, I don't care about all that. The food was comfortably spectacular. The pork pate was creamy and delectable, but nothing too unseen. My barley risotto, hangar steak, carrot purree dish was cooked to perfection as was my partner's faro, goat cheese, plate. Another friend had duck confit with an apple chutney that made for candy on the plate. The food, in all, was perfectly executed but within a certain comfort zone of a new-american palate.The service was 6 stars. We had to wait quite a bit of time for our main food service, and the manager and server more than adequately compensated for this. The server was friendly, and very knowledgeable about plates, wines, or desserts when asked.In all, if you're really digging on some perfect seasonal new-american food, check this out. Just don't expect to be hit over the head with flavor profiles you've never experienced.
5	Wow, talk about commitment...to great food!  This place rocks and deserves all the superb reviews its received.  I ordered the Aubrey as a pre-dinner drink and wasn't all that fond of it, but I'll put the blame on myself more b/c I don't like champagne and was told that these drinks are lighter/bubbly in nature.  So not going to punish Legume for my poor judgment.On to the entree, I got the barley risotto with flat iron steak and carrot puree and a wine sauce.  Wowzer - it was sooooo good.  I got my steak medium (rather than medium rare) and while it was still a little pink it was really tender.  The risotto, puree, and sauce were great compliments to the steak.  It was also a perfectly sized portion.  I chose the salted caramel ice cream for desert and it was surprisingly delicious.  I'm saying "surprisingly" b/c I was hesitant about getting the ice cream, thinking it may be too creamy or just not my taste, but it's exactly what I wanted!  My friends got the gingerbread desert and the other got to the chocolate truffle cake.  While I'm not a huge gingerbread fan - if you do like that flavor then get ready for a flavor explosion in your mouth!  Now I must admit I had a bit of truffle cake envy - it was heavenly!  And ideally I think it would have been amazing if they had a scoop of the salted caramel ice cream to accompany that cake or the cake as a great side to the ice cream.  You get my drift - pair them together and you'll be in desert heaven.I would definitely recommend this place and look forward to more visits.
4	For once, we've gone to a place and felt like we weren't fancy enough to be there (more on that later). I mean, we're nicely dressed people and all, but the formality of the previous restaurant still haunts the place. Fear of talking too loudly aside, we had an amazing meal.First of all, the biggest issue with every restaurant: were their cocktails good? Yes! And accurate too! It pleases me so to see aperitifs and classic cocktails. Where else can you get a Blood and Sand? Answer: not sure, but I really enjoy theirs. It also made me so happy to see a proper Papa Doble. Hemingway would be proud - he would also devour the pork shoulder I had, braised in Applejack on top a square of perfect polenta. And possibly order a second. Seriously, the best piece of pork I've ever had.The menu changes a lot depending on what the chef gets for the week or so. When we went it was pickled vegetable time, so I was disappointed not to be able order the tallow fries I saw weeks beforehand. But that's what a good restaurant does to keep you coming back.The dining room needs to be warmed up a bit. It's minimalist without the minimalist design. I hear they're painting the walls, so that's a good sign. They are still new. However, our server (who was about the same age as us) was so polite and proper that it made me uncomfortable. Strange, I know, but I felt out-fancied.One thing about the ambience I did love was the music. Light and hip, and a perfect balance.We'll go back, but we'll be sitting at that gorgeous bar. It seems like a completely different restaurant in there.
5	Everyone in our party of 4 had wonderful results with their orders.  The menu changes daily, but there are a few constants.  The Lamb Pozole soup I had, and the mushroom soup that the other 3 had, were both delicious.  My wife's risotto with steak was really a winner, as was my scallop and beans entree.Our server was knowledgeable, attentive, pleasant.  You can tell that the staff loves working there.Finally, they take great advantage of their space - no tables on top of one anoter. As a result, you can hear each other at the table!  Expect to pay about $75 per person with wine.
5	Been meaning to go here for awhile. Finally got the chance and was not disappointed. Had the Duck Confit... scraped every piece of meat off the bone that I could. With kumquat, frissee, balsamic... it was fantastic. Also had some pork, duck, pistachio pate which was perfect starter. Went for the cocktails which were all styled after classics like the Sazerac, Hemingway Daiquiri and traditional crusta, but they put their own spin on them making them a little more accessible for the average imbiber. Big surprise were the "Hot Nuts" which were lightly charred nuts with a hint of spice that was the perfect amount of heat. Can't wait for a return visit sit-down dinner.
5	I will add to the many fantastic reviews for this restaurant.  I love Legume.  I have been impressed with Legume every time I've gone.  I can't say that I've had anything there that was short of amazing.  The first time I went to Legume, I was a little nervous since places like this (with the rotating menu and "innovative" cuisine kind of attitude) can sometimes be gimmicky and overpriced.  Not at all the case for Legume.  Their food is straightforward and delicious, always highlighting the essence of the ingredients used.  The combinations are always perfect.  The waiters are friendly and knowledgeable and the location is cozy and nice.  My only complaint (and I think this is mostly since this is new for Legume since their old location was BYOB) is that the wine list is a little limited.  Considering how committed Legume is to continuous improvement, I have a feeling that this will be remedied in time. Bottom line:  Fantastic restaurant, worth every penny :)
5	Yum!!!Came here for a dinner when the family had reunited from distant parts, and man did we enjoy it.  Before I get into the food, which was amazing, this restaurant (and our server in particular) should be commended for the excellent handling of a semi-active and picky 2 year old.  They went out of their way to make chocolate milk and to create a fresh and delicious fruit and cheese plate for my 2 year old niece.  The staff's care for her wants made our dinner that much more pleasant.Back to business.  I love that the food is fresh, and I love that they get creative with what ingredients are available to them.  Even though the options are always changing, I would like to say that the beet and lentil salad was awesome, as were the sweet potato ravioli and the endive salad.And the Pecan ball was an amazing Pittsburgh treat for those of us who have moved away.
5	Been to the new Legume twice now, and have had a fabulous meal both times!  I really enjoy sitting in the bar for dinner.
3	Legume is one of the nicest restaurants in Oakland, but it's obvious they're aware of that fact when setting the prices.  The food is good, but not so amazing that one couldn't find a better meal for less money in another neighborhood.  That said, the rotating menu makes it a little hard to rate, as unsuccessful dishes can be quickly swapped out for other options.  This place has potential to be a great restaurant, but it has a bit of a learning curve to get through first.
4	We got in a little late (around 9.30pm) so we decided to sit at the bar. The food is the same, some items are 50% from 9pm-midnight and I think the bar looks much nicer!The menu has lots of french influence and everything we order was amazing As apetizers, we got:- the raclette. The cheese was legit, but the food wasn't hot enough by the time we got it (they should use stone or metal dishes) and they didn't serve potatoes with the raclette (but that's fine, they don't claim to be a french bistro).- the mushroom soup, which was perfect.For the main meal, we got:- the halibut fish. It was very tasty. However, I think the dish should have been served with more vegetables and the rice should probably have been placed on the side instead of underneath the fish.- the risotto was very good. The carrot puree that came with it was also very good.Finally we had the spanish coffee and truffle cake for desert, both were really yummy!Overall it's a great place to eat. I heard the menu changes very often, so your mileage might vary depending on when you go.
5	Great food great service.  I have eaten at great restaurants all over the world and if I do say so myself, I am an excellent judge.  You won't be disappointed.  This is one of my favorites in Pittsburgh.  Prices very good for what you get.Steve
5	I used to go regularly to Legume when it was in Regent Square, and it is my first visit (but probably not the last one) since it moved to Oakland.I much preferred the small, cosy setting of the restaurant in RS to the larger, colder setting of the current restaurant. The room has a formal feel to it, it looks more upscale (which some people may like, of course), and also the atmosphere feels more corporate. Too much chloroform! Unsurprisingly, the dining crowd was older than I remember it to be when Legume was in RS. (That's not too say that the space is unpleasant.)The food, on the other hand, was remarkable - in fact, better than it was previously. My mackerel with bloody orange (if I remember correctly) was fresh, light and delicious, and the combination fruity, slightly sweet sauce and fish was original, and a winner. the other people around the table were very happy with their risotto too. The wine list (not byob anymore - sobs...) by the glass is satisfying. The Chenin Blanc  from the Loire region is the kind of white wine I like (none of these showy fruit flavors), and I was pleased with it.
4	The food was unique and very good.  Good atmosphere and reasonable prices for the food and drinks.  Definitely worth checking out.
2	The old More restaurant is very nicely redone (except for the ladies' room!) in tranquil colors, and the wait staff was knowledgeable and ever-so-efficient.  However, the food was nothing fabulous.  Don't get me wrong, it was good (and very fresh), but maybe I had set my sights too high because I was actually disappointed walking out of there.Our bill was $160 (including 20% tip) for the two of us.  Two appetizers, Two entrees, 5 glasses of wine, and one dessert.I had a smoked fish salad with mango and avocado.  Tasty, but tiny.  My husband had the spelt (wheat) berry salad that was so much larger than mine--it was refreshing and light--I liked it more than he did.  For dinner I had the fresh fish, that may have been mackerel with rice and pickled fennel (one of my faves!!), but I was still hungry after I ate--and I am usually stuffed, giving my extras to my hubby or taking it home!  My husband had the scallops and lentil dish which he wolfed down in ten-seconds flat!  Did I say that they were very small portions?!Dessert was a teeny tiny pecan ball.  I've tasted better at bridal showers, quite frankly!I would compare this place to Salt and Bona Terra, both which I liked way more than this--and I'm sad about that!  I so wanted this to be fantastic!
5	We came here during our short visit to Pittsburgh per the recommendation of some folks who know their food. Legume knocked it out of the park. It is easily the best dinner place in Pittsburgh. The atmosphere is classy and relaxed; for example, we dig the welcoming smile and the laid back attitude of our maitre d'. Stephen--our waiter--was friendly, knowledgeable, and professional. He knew his sh*t and he gave us his candid recommendations (never overselling). I started with the duck and pork pate and went with the kielbasa ramp (house made and cured for 6 months!) for our main course. My wife had the stinging nettle soup and their ramp raviolis. All of our dishes were sublime. My kielbasa came with a "grit cake." My impression was that I would get a few cubes of grit cakes (a la Charlie Trotter's) to "remind" me of white grit. Instead, I got a seared cake the size of a brownie. To finish the evening, both of us split the heart-warming sponge cake with poached pineapple. Along with a carafe of wine, this was a comfortable, inspiring, and impressive meal.I wish I were a cow with 3 extra stomachs to eat everything on the menu. Legume is a classic bistro and it is obvious that the owner and the staff really care about the quality of their food. The serving sizes are refreshingly satisfying without being overwhelming. Even for a smaller market like Pittsburgh, they could raise the prices of each dish by 20% and still draw a packed crowd. If they were in Boston, hell, this would be up there with Craigie on Main (at half the price).This is the real deal: food made by people who love food, served by friendly and knowledgeable staff, and at a reasonably price. Legume is the essence of a real bistro--the neighborhood joint that you want to be YOUR joint.
5	Legume is the absolute best restaurant in Western Pennsylvania. I dare anyone to prove me wrong :-)Eclectic, unpretentious, and downright wholesome, Legume always serves up the freshest dishes.I frequent the restaurant at least once per month. During this trip, I had a platter of their pates (including lamb, head cheese, pork terrine); which was so good it was indecent. I followed it up with the crispy pork belly and greens salad (also insanely delicious); then pineapple pound cake for dessert. Every single bite tasted like heaven and I had to restrain myself from turning the lovely evening into food porn. :-)
4	Chicken under a freaking skillet.  I tear up just thinking about it.  I almost never order chicken at a fine dining restaurant, but heard rave reviews from a chef friend and had to try.  All of the other entrees simply disappear on the page now when I am at legume.  I dream about this chicken.  It is so simple and so perfectly executed.The rest of the menu is very good as well.  I have had excellent pates and mousses and many other great mains (fish and steak).  The only dishes I have been under impressed by are the soups, which I have generally found bland.The ambience in the dining room could be improved a bit.  It is just a little too sterile.  The bar, on the other hand, is an excellent spaceOverall, an excellent restaurant.
4	I dined at Legume twice at it's new Craig location. Both times everything was well prepared, reasonably priced for the quality, and served extremely professionally. I would strongly recommend Legume especially if you are specifically looking in the area but am not able to speak as emphatically about it as many of the 5-star reviews.
4	I came here for a friend's graduation dinner. Our reservation was pretty late - 9p, so by the time we were seated, they were out of their limited specials. We ended up ordering the chicken and halibut. Both dishes were amazing. The chicken was so juicy and the portion was massive. The halibut was perfectly cooked too. The service was friendly and quick.If I am ever in Pittsburgh again, I would come back. Their menu changes daily and everything is fresh - farm to table.
4	Everyone kept telling me I needed to try Legume. I was NOT a fan of More, so I'm glad someone moved in that didn't serve mediocre italian. Finally went last night. Incredible dinner, but let me explain the four-star rating. I would give five stars, but the service was only worth 3. Our plates sat on our table for what felt like forever before being cleaned, and we were only asked once or twice how everything was. Granted, they were pretty full, but still...good service always makes a difference. We were busy catching up so I didn't mind the empty plates/so-so attentiveness like I might have at another time.On to the important stuff. The food. was. amazing. I'm still kind of fantasizing about it. New favorite dish might be their lamb tartare. Melt in your mouth uncooked heaven. Obviously lamb's flavor is strong, so I think you've got to really like tartare to go for this, but it was incredible so you should try it even if you're not a huge fan whenever they have it next.We also had the pork and pistachio pate which was very nice. Paired well with our wine. I had the mackerel after my tartare...definitely could not have fit in a full entree and had room for dessert (which would have been a mortal sin). The fish was presented beautifully, clean and crisp lines. It was very salty alone, but with a taste of the rhubarb chutney was FANTASTIC. I've never had fish pair so perfectly with something. It cut through and was worth all the bones I had to maneuver around. (I also will add I appreciated the presentation in full fish form as it would have definitely lost its charm if it was boned etc.)My dining mate had the spelt and wasn't as estatic, but still pleased. The ricotta and greens were tasty, but the spelt had a very greasy aftertaste. Hokay. The dessert. We got the choclate truffle cake and panna cotta. I am glad I appropriated the panna cotta because I was kind of full and could not have stopped myself from devouring the chocolate. ALSO THE HONEY. On the panna cotta there was a bit of honey comb and combined with a bit of the lavender cookie I thought I had accidentally eaten from the tree of life and was about to be cast out into the cold, cold world where food like this could never exist.In short....I'll be back. Maybe tonight :)
5	Perhaps the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.
5	OUTSTANDING!A classy place with excellent service, even better food, and reasonable prices.  I've become a fan of farm-to-table restaurants, and they are one of the best.  Fresh ingredients that are prepared well led to a great dining experience.  Considering they have a menu that changes daily, they have a solid selection, so anyone can find something they will like.Highly recommended if you are looking for a place with great food, great presentation, but still a bit laid back and casual.
2	Honestly, this place is mostly hype.  After getting the honor of top restaurant in the city, I decided that we had to go there.  J, B, R and I went for dinner on a Friday night.  The place was full but not packed and we were sat right away with our reservation.  B started with a specialty whiskey drink of which he was a fan - me, not so much.  It mildly tasted like watered down cough syrup.  I decided to get the specialty rum drink.  It was too much rum and not enough actual flavor.  If I wanted rum shaken in a martini glass, that is what I would have ordered.  We decided to skip apps and salads and move directly to the main course.  I ordered the spelt which had a fantastic herb sauce and the garlic scapes were a great addition, but it was definitely not as unique or interesting as I had hoped.  J ordered the steak which was cooked to perfection, but was accompanied with too bitter turnip greens and potatoes which were nothing special.  B ordered the leg steak and was given a biology lesson by the very informative waitress about what a leg steak is and what he should expect.  I think he was as entertained as he was intrigued by the idea and liked dissecting the steak.  R ordered the pork chop which he described as so-so.  By the end of the meal, none of us were stuffed enough to not order dessert.  J and I split the truffle cake and the pound cake with raspberries.  Both were excellent - the truffle cake was soft and pleasantly sweet with fresh whipped cream.  The pound cake was still warm from the oven and crusty on the edges.  B and R split the rhubarb-strawberry crisp and the truffle cake.  Both were well-liked.  While nothing was bad by any stretch, nothing struck me as being worthy of the best restaurant in the city either.  If you want to try something unusual and they happen to have the leg steak again, I would suggest it.  Otherwise, come for the desserts and leave happy.
4	Nice place, attentive staff, and good attention to detail in the kitchen.We asked for a tasting menu, with wine pairings, and gave them no other guidance.  The meal they prepared was very appropriate in both the succession of flavors and the portion sizes.  Everything was very well prepared.The wines were all very nice, but the pairings could have been better.  It seemed like the person who was preparing the food menu and the person who prepared the wine listing didn't actually talk to each other.I could have lived without the series of employees who came by to socialize with the couple at the table next to ours for most of the meal.  Having to look at someone's ass for an entire course at a time really takes away from the ambiance of a place.Overall, we were pleased by the meal, and will go back sometime.
4	great food, not much ambiance, service was great
2	I was looking forward to visiting Legume, because of its great reviews, but was really underwhelmed. For starters, my friend and I the crudite appetizer. The selection of vegetables was interesting, but for the amount that were on the plate, more of the dipping sauce would have been nice. I was surprise by ALL OF THE LAMB on the menu, but visited the website once I was back home and realized that there's a relationship with a butcher that involves lamb. Still, three lamb entrees while there's no chicken and other obvious proteins is a little weird. Also, the lamb was not prepared that well. What was really disappointing, though, were the two dead fruit flies in my Four Roses. The waiter actually returned to the table after taking my drink back to the bar to ask me if I still wanted the Four Roses--why, was there something wrong with it? They brought a replacement, but I was surprised I wasn't comped for the drink. Also, by definition, this place is not a bistro, but whatever. I really wanted to like this place. With the exception of the drink containing dead bugs, the wait staff was great, and I did think they had a nice selection of wines.
4	This place is great.  The waitress was very professional, friendly and helpful.  The cocktails are interesting and the food is wonderful.  The grilled arugula salad was really something.  I enjoyed the pork ravioli as well.
5	Top rated service and everything we ordered was awesome... We will be back soon.
5	The atmosphere is nice at Legume.  It is an older building that has been update to look like a modern restaurant.  The food was delicious.  I had a grilled salad that was wonderful as a started.  For my main course I had a Wahoo dish.  The fish was cooked perfectly and some of the odd and different sides worked perfectly in the dish.  The only complaint that I had at Legume was that it was quite warm in the restaurant (I think the correct phrase is freakin hottttt!!!!) but even with the heat I gave the place 5 stars since the food was so good.
4	So after my 2 stars, everyone was horrified.  How did you not like it?  How did you give them 2 stars?  So, we decided to go to back and give it another try. We started with 2 drinks - a glass of Riesling which was one of the best glasses of Riesling I have ever had - ever.  I went on a wine tour of the finger lakes a few eyars ago and had almost nothing but rieslings and this was better.  J had the Sunny Day - or something like that with tequila.  Definitely not good.  It was supposed to have a citrus flavor with it, but it really just tasted like a cup of tequila.  Good tequila, but not a god drink.We started with the lamb riblets.  Amazing!  Excellent lamb flavor and a delicious rhubarb chutney.  I would have preferred more bite with the chutney, but the lamb was really amazing. I then had the salmon which came with turnips and swiss chard with a red wine reduction and a lemon sauce.  Nothing really blew me out of the water here except the lemon sauce.  It was perfect.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, but what was lacking was the seasoning.  I think everything would have been perked up a bit with a little more seasoning.J had the lobster ravioli which was the best thing ever!  I really think the ravioli was stuffed with an entire lobster - the sauce, I have no idea what the sauce was, but it was delicious.  This was really, really good. I cannot go on enough about how really fantastic this was.  We also got the tallow fries with mayo.  They were delicious, but probably not worth the heart-clogging calories from using the tallow.All in all, this was a delicious meal and I am very happy that we went back for a second try.
4	Legume is all that everyone has written about it.  I won't repeat much here except to say that the food and service are the BEST I've ever experienced in Pittsburgh.   I've been three times in the last two months and have enjoyed every new dish I've ordered.   What continues to amaze me is how reasonably priced it is.   Far better food and service than ANY other restaurant in town and yet priced most other fine dining establishments.My ONLY complaint: it's always so damn WARM in the place.   Tonight was especially uncomfortable.  Maybe it's to appease the senior citizen clientele?   Don't know.  I just wish they'd crank up the AC a bit.
5	My husband and I returned the other night and had a wonderful dinner.  We enjoyed a cocktail at the bar and then were seated.  We began with salads, his was grilled endive and mine was primarily heirloom tomatoes--both came uniquely presented and were very flavorful and satisfying.   For dinner I ordered mackerel and he ordered a short-rib ravioli--both delish!  Even the bean/potato side served with my meal was great.  I don't know if it was my imagination or not, but the portions seemed way bigger than the last time we were there.  I was full even though I gave 1/2 of my protein to my husband.  He also ordered the tallow fries, I tasted one and it was so good!  My favorite part of the meal was the pickled veggies--kind of like a kim chee, but better!We ended up sharing one of the chocolate truffle desserts--my hubby loved it, I thought it was really good, too, but I'm not the chocolate fan that he is!  (I wanted the lemon verbena dessert)Have to give props to the waitress as well (wish I could remember her name) she was very infomative and excited about the menu--which is really rare!  So glad we went back and gave this place a second chance!
3	I would rate the bar 5 stars, but my overall impression of the restaurant only warrants three. The bar is as classy as can be, with proper low lighting, decent music at just the right volume, leather chairs, well crafted cocktails and phenomenal service. Sitting at the bar, I lose all sense of time and contrary to how I feel at most bars, I am not at all distracted here. In a word, it is relaxing. Bartender, Jonathan, has a professional, almost butleresque, demeanor in that he reveals no personality, sees and hears all and anticipates the needs of his customers. He even remembered the drink I liked on my last visit, 6 months ago! And dresses the part of the speakeasy era. Other bartenders on staff are more casual, which is fine, but his presence helps to achieve the timeless elegance that makes this bar special. Even so, I would break him down given the opportunity, as I do aspire to destruct all illusions. The restaurant has the clinical ambiance of a (high end) doctor's office waiting room. I suppose the interior design of both are intended to be comforting. I have only dined here once because the menu is never appealing to me. Vegetarian entrees tend to be, one at a given time, either risotto, polenta or pasta based and are never vegan. Risotto and polenta should be sides to me, not main events. Sorry to make such an obvious comment, but it would be nice if they offered a legume based dish.
4	Excellent food, good cocktails, very good service. Semi-casual atmosphere.
4	I feel bad about updating a review in the negative direction about an old friend (I believe my previous review is saved from their old location), but I figured that honesty is a good policy. Despite loving Legume for many years, the past year or so, I have sometimes felt disappointed with them. The chocolate truffle cake is still divine. Most of the appetizers are also incredible. But they have simply not been hitting it out of the ballpark in terms of the entrees. I've been several times now where I've 1) not been particularly excited about the options available, and 2) thought the entrees were simply OK, but not stellar. The fish entrees, for example, are fine, but not wow. So goes for the vegetarian options too. And, because Legume sources their meat locally, I feel licensed to eat meat there when I go. The last time I was there, they were serving Jamison lamb, which I know is very high quality. The server warned me that they did not trim the meat, so that I would have to deal with gristle and such, but woah. That leg was nigh inedible. I don't usually have a problem with having to work for my food, but the amount of work I had to put in, for the payoff, was not proportionate.Don't get me wrong - I'll keep on coming back to Legume, but it will probably not be the first option that comes to mind from now on.
3	First time in the new digs. Ambiance is noisy and visually stark - next time will sit in  the bar. And wait service can't seem to cover the larger square footage with speed. Preferred the intimacy found in the old digs. But the food remains trustworthy - true to the farm-to-table concept and provided at an affordable price.
4	My wife and I love the bar, but the restaurant not so much. The food at the restaurant didn't match the price charged in our opinion. We have yet to try the bar menu, but the burgers look delicious!
5	Excellent food, service, and ambience! I love the Heritage Farms' products.  The duck confit was awesome! Thank you for a perfect dining experience! Now i'm spoiled, and everything else will pale until I recalibrate reality. We hit the perfect night!
4	I ate here for dinner this past Saturday evening with my girlfriend and her friend.  The restaurant itself is situated on the bottom floor of what used to be an apartment building.  It looks nice and all of the tables are covered in white table clothes.  They also have a bar that is next door and is partially separated from the restaurant.  You can reach it from the restaurant but it is situated in such a way that it can stay open after the restaurant has already shut down.For dinner we decided to start off our evening by getting an appetizer of fried pickled daikon.  The taste of the vegetable was almost completely covered by the flavors of pickling and fried batter but I still really enjoyed it.  After all, who doesn't love something that is fried.  I also decided to order a bowl of their corn chowder before the meal.  The top base was creamy and I was enjoying it until I dug to the bottom of the bowl and got was I originally thought was a hard/sour piece of corn.  After thinking about it for a minute though I soon realized that it was a shallot and proceeded to enjoy the savory creaminess of the soup with slightly sour taste of the shallot.  For my dinner entree I decided to have the lamb steak with a mint-rhubarb sauce and also ordered a side of the tallow fries with mayonnaise for the table.  Whenever I ordered the steak the waiter proceeded to inform me that it was not your normal lamb steak.  Due to where it had it been cut from, it would have two different types of meat as well as some connective tissue.  I told him that I was ok with that thinking it would be similar to a ribeye.  Well, I was wrong on that account as the meat was not what I expected and much of it was very hard to cut.  I can't say that I was not warned though.   Whenever I did get a good piece of the steak, I was very happy with both it and the sauce that was on top.  The vegetables that came with my meal were not anything special and I am actually struggling to remember what they were.  The fries were a different story though as they were both crispy and delicious.  Combining them with the mayonnaise also may have been considered heavenly if not for the realization that you were eating entirely too much fat.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely head back here in the future.  Everything was fantastic except for my entree which was definitely my own fault and so I am looking forward to trying other things here!
5	A group of ten of us went last night, and none of us had eaten at Legume before. We had heard nothing but great things and were anxious to go.The new location is fantastic. A very classy and beautiful atmosphere.If someone asked if it were fancy, I would say yes. Although, not the kind of fancy that they focus on presentation more than the portions. The portions were big, the quality was great and very tasteful. The service was incredible as well. We had Tate wait on us and he was very educated, informative and helpful. You could tell that the staff worked well together to make everyones experience top notch.  We had a wonderful night out and will definitely be coming back!
5	yummo!!!
4	Best Lobster Ravioli I've ever had. Legume is consistently good. I've had a number of exceptional meals here. Bar is a great place to grab a cocktail before a concert. Always happy to go here.
1	Some family recently came to town, so I decided to give the dining room another shot. I thought Legume would have items that would appeal to everybody. I made a reservation a couple of days ahead, at which point I informed them that I am vegan. The veg item on the menu the night of our visit was an egg and corn based crepe filled with ricotta and some greens. Two from our party ordered that and their reaction was like, "eh, it's ok." Since nothing on the menu was vegan and my advance notice was ignored (as usual), I had to ask if they could make me something special. I also ordered a salad, omitting the cheese that was intended to be in it. The salad was roasted red peppers, tomatoes and greens (it was supposed to also have pea shoots, but they forgot to put them on mine); fresh, but nothing extraordinary. My "special" dish was a small portion of pasta (undercooked) with the same roasted red peppers, tomatoes and greens; no sauce, no herbs - very plain, and hey, way too reminiscent of the salad I had JUST hardly enjoyed. I am extremely disappointed by the lack of innovation here. To make matters worse, I very slowly chewed on my extra chewy pasta hoping that our server would come by so that I could send my meal back, but he never came to check on us, so I kept on chewin' until it became apparent to us that we were running late to the theater and to him that it was time for our check.
5	Absolutely wonderful.  Service was fantastic, food was great farm-to-table stuff I'm used to eating in LA, and perhaps most importantly, the WINE list was good.  Had a VERY tough time getting good--event decent wine in Pittsburgh, and Legumes list was great.  Wonderful place, wonderful night out!
3	I tried this restaurant for the first time recently with two co-workers. We actually were trying to go to a restaurant right down the street that evening but ended up at Legume because the other restaurant was closed.The interior was a bit odd.... When I mentioned it to my friend, she actually said that someone had told her a rumor that the restaurant had at one time been a funeral parlor. If true, it's an odd combination of interesting, strange, and a little gross.I enjoyed the simplicity of the menu. Even though I was there in September, I just looked up the menu online, and the majority of it has changed since then. I personally think that's interesting, but of course, the downfall of that is being unable to reorder favorite items if they are quickly taken off the menu....I ordered a vegetarian ravioli (I forget the exact ingredients) for my meal and tried my friend's Tallow Fries with Mayonnaise. The ravioli was delicious and the portion was a nice size, but I did feel that it was a little overpriced. I believe it was about $18 but would have personally priced it in the $12-15 range. The fries were incredible, and in my opinion, very worth the $5 price.Overall, I enjoyed my experience and wouldn't mind going back. However, it's not a place that I'll be rushing back to try again.
4	This is an outstanding restaurant in most respects.  One would not recognize this as the former More Restaurant, a place where diners packed into a small space to dine on food whose quality declined over the years along with the service. Legume has been beautifully-renovated and is attractive, comfortable, and chic.  The tables are spaced so as to allow for comfort and conversation. Attire is very casual, which I think is unfortunate for an establishment of this stature. The servers wear blue jeans.  There were no neckties and I was one of only two people wearing a sportcoat. I saw an individual dining there who is a family member of a renowned gourmet cook, causing me to further recognize the excellence and reputation of the restaurant.All of the food my wife and I enjoyed was unique and delicious. There is a great selection of cocktails, wines by the glass, and draft beers.  If one wishes to enjoy a glass of Miller Lite or Yuengling, they may do so for a reasonable $4.  My pumpkin ale was $6, and was delicious.  Our squash soup ($6), tallow french fries ($5), escarole salad ($10), short ribs ($21), vegetarian beet risotto entree ($18) , warm bread and soft butter, were delicious and artistically-presented. The server was competent, polite, and courteous, but not warm or engaging. The tattooed young female server at adjacent tables was jolly and delightful with the customers, imparting a great deal of information about the restaurant.  It was obvious that she enjoys her job and her customers. I would have preferred that she had served us. The support staff did most of the "heavy lifting", and did it well: plate-clearing, water refills, and numerous quality checks. A hungry person with a significant appetite might be disappointed as the portions are average.  For many, this will be a special occasion restaurant only, as one can expect to spend about $50 per person for a good meal.Legume was enjoyable and memorable, unlike any other area restaurant and one of the region's finest!
5	Wonderful dinner tonight with friends. Special cocktails and fine food.  Must try!
5	I have been to Legume a few times in recent weeks for work, and I have not been disappointed. Not all the dishes are 5-star, and a few wines by the glass are mediocre, but more often than not the food was delicious (their rustic lamb steak was amazing - a very interesting cut), and the service is as it should be (helpful, not overbearing)
5	We had a wonderful dinner at legume last night.  Our waitress, Sarah, was the absolute best.  She recommended the lamb and it was fabulous.  My wife had the duck confit and loved it.  We will definitely be back.
5	Food: 5, Ambience: 5, Service: 5Our server was quite serious and professional but we had a good time poking fun with him all night.  Definitely make a reservation as this place gets crowded.  Ask for the bar if tables are full because there are some bar tables that work quite well too!  The food here is truly magnificent - you won't go wrong just ordering it from their daily menu.  I enjoyed every bite of my food and my friend's plates too!  The dark lighting is romantic or it could be a good place to treat your best friend to a nice dinner.
4	Went a few weeks ago for a date night.  They have an excellent selection of food for both meat lovers and vegetarians.  Their menu changes daily, though it looks like some of the dishes carry over from one day to the next.  I started with a charcuterie plate with several kinds of pate and steak tartare that was the highlight of my meal.  I think it was meant to be shared amongst several people but I ended up eating the whole thing myself...My main course was lamb kielbasa, which was also very good.  Nicely seasoned sausage with some kale and polenta as accompaniment.  The only reason I gave this restaurant 4/5 stars was the wine list.  The list is smaller and trying to be eclectic, but just comes off to me as lacking in options and value.  A lot of their menu could be easily paired with a Pinot Noir, and the only Oregon selection on the list was Four Graces, which doesn't crack my top 20 of Oregon pinot producers.  I wish they had a bit more variety in the wine department, but otherwise, an excellent restaurant.
4	Came here for dinner on a Wednesday evening, so it wasn't crowded or noisy. Ambience was great, though service was a bit awkward. Not exactly slow or inattentive, but we were at times wondering where/who our waiter was. Service could've been better given the air of the place, but it didn't ruin the evening.Started with the Boyd & Blue cocktail, which was refreshing and really went well with the duck leg confit entree. Highly recommend.The chocolate truffle cake was both light/fluffy and rich/satisfying. Good for sharing, which is what I did. Not sure if it would be too rich if I ate a serving on my own.
4	I'm excited that I finally get to cross Legume off my list. A group of 5 went for a NYE dinner and decided to go all in for the prixe fix menu for four courses. I ordered:* red oak lettuce, warm mushrooms, pecorino and bistro dressing* gemelli pasta with mushrooms, brown butter,  roasted salsify, sage and pecorino* scallops with salsify puree, bacon, lentils w/ red wine sauce and pea shoots* filmjolk ice cream with candied blood orangeThe salad, pasta and main were all hits in my book!! The filmjolk was so-so. The blood orange sauce at the bottom of the ice cream and candid blood orange on top were too bitter for me and did not gel well with the ice cream. However I did take the sugar from the candid blood orange and ate it just with the ice cream which was delicious and added some crunch.I also got to to try the cara cara, blood orange and red onion salad with maldon salt and olive oil; fresh egg fettuccine with veal bolognese, wild texas antelope; the veal chop special; and the warm gingerbread w/ poached pears and whipped cream. If you are expecting a green salad for the cara cara, blood orange and red onion salad you'll be misled like we all were. It consists of two layers of sliced blood oranges with red onion and dressing on top. The veal chop is a nice sizable piece of meat, and the antelope is already sliced and a manageable portion. The mash potatoes that accompany the veal chop are buttery amazingness!!  I found myself constantly dipping my fork into the skillet for more. These all satisfied my palette too except for the gingerbread dessert. It had a strong flavor of ginger to me, which I do not like, but if you do like ginger you'll enjoy it as my friend did.The glass of pinot noir was just a-ok. I'm not a huge pinot drinker so could be why.Service rocked though! We were given a champagne toast on the house and they even accompanied our expecting friend with a sparkling non-alcoholic drink. Also we were given a plate of small bits - one was a cracker with goat cheese a peppered jam, and the other was bread with three pates, both of which were yum!Legume is a solid 4.5 stars. I'd like to give it 5 but with the desserts and the chosen wine I knocked it just a tad back.
5	Legume and the Butterjoint...super rad place. Great ambiance, wonderful people. I would go back. I'll write more some other time.
4	The food was wonderful.  I had the sausage plate (heh heh)-- lamb kielbasa, Italian sausage and chirozo.  The lamb kielbasa was mind-expanding.  Zow.  The chirozo was very, very mild, but flavorful.  My husband's pork chop was juicy and tender and complimented by a rich, decadent polenta.  The server was low-key, genial, knowledgeable and helpful.  He offered his opinions on different dinner options-- and was spot on. I wish every restaurant had staff as competent.  The hostesses were professional and pleasant as well.Don't expect to find the same things on the menu as are described in these reviews.  The menu changes daily.  How much fun is that?!  With a chef this talented, I have no doubt that all his creations, no matter what they may be in a given day, will be delicious.The food  would get a 5 out of 5, as would the service.  The ambiance is another story.  The place is huge, cheaply decorated (what's with the UPC codes on the art?)  and very brightly lit.  The space was the opposite of intimate-- which really didn't match with its other outstanding aspects.  Dim the lights, add some candles, make it a little less like an off-white cavern, and you have a fabulous restaurant from start to finish.
5	I've been to Legume three times in the last six months and have had a wonderful experience each time.  I've gotten the steak specials each time (not on the menu) and they were all excellent.  Good drafts at the bar too.  The service is always polite and exceptional.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. I will say that due to the reviews posted I think my expectations were elevated pretty high, and so I could have been more impressed. Nevertheless, this place should be a staple among Pittsburgh foodies. Food: The food was cooked very well. We had the scallops and the lamb, and both were cooked perfectly, and plated in a visually appealing manner. My only complain was that the foods seemed to be basically the same dish in terms of seasoning/marinades/dressing, but with a different source of protein. For a place like this I was expecting a little more originality with each dish. That should not at all take away from the fact that both were delicious. Atmosphere: classy, and warm. The place was smattered with people wearing slacks and blazers, to people wearing jeans and flannel, which made me feel comfortable considering I was much closer to the flannel side of that scale. Service: One kind of unique observation I made revolved around our waiter. The service he provided was fine, however his personality and diction was kind of, let's say, off. He came off confused and uncertain when speaking with us, and he didn't have much in the sense of recommendations food wise. This seemingly lack of familiarity with the menu and general social awareness is not normally something I would complain about but I can't say it went unnoticed or discussed throughout our meal, a time when we should probably be more focused on the food than the way our waiter talked. All in all a great restaurant that I would very likely return to.
5	This place is really good. Great ingredients. I have a special appreciation for restaurants that aren't vegetarian but do a good job with the veggies.  Great service. Elegant atmosphere but not too pretentious. Also, really near CMU campus. Companies should stop taking people to Lucca when this place is only a two, three blocks further.
4	Excellent service, atmosphere, and food.  Started at the bar and had an excellent whiskey sour.  Made with an egg white and topped with bitters it was excellent.  We had the tasting menu.  One vegetarian and one non vegetarian.  Each course was tasty with excellent presentation.  Plenty of food but not so much that we left stuffed.  The wait staff knew the menu well including ingredients and preparation.  We will be back for sure!
4	The food here was excellent and the ambiance was well-matched.  Our server, Becky, was fantastic as well.  I liked that the best thing on the menu (of the things we tried) was also the cheapest - love that in a restaurant.  My only consideration was that the chicken looked delicious but took 40 minutes to make, even though we were in the first seating of the evening (and people who choose the first seating usually do so because they have somewhere else to go that evening.)  Other than one regrettable choice for the ever-changing menu, the whole meal was really great.  I'd definitely recommend others to come here, and if I were planning a party or a corporate event, I think it would make an amazing venue.
3	Actually about 2.5 stars.Why?Greeters were confused and confused the few groups (3 couples) that were all entering at the same time.Wine list has nice variety, finally decided to just order a bottle.After over 10 minutes, waiter comes back and said they were out of that bottle.  No other recommendations.Decided to go with wine by the glass because some nice selections and could have different wine with app. and meal. Ordered wine. Ordered dinner.She: "Why has it taken over 15 minutes to get our wine?"Apps. are delivered to table.  Then wine shows up.Apps. are good.Salads are delivered to the table.  More wine ordered.Salads are good. She: "Why has it taken over 15 minutes to get our wine?"Entrees are delivered.  Wine finally appears. She: "Very good meal."Me: "Eh, OK meal."She:  "Let's go to Coffee Tree for desert and coffee."Conclusion:  Food is good, service sub-par, not really worth the price! OMG!
5	Very attentive service, including a visit from the chef. The tasting menus - meat and vegetarian - were both delicious. One negative - our table next to the window was a bit cold due to the large windows. But overall, highly recommended.
5	Actually 4.5 stars.  87th birthday dinner for Mom included my 22-year-old son.Food: Very good to remarkable.  Blue fish and mackerel both outstanding.  Son's lamb kielbasa was excellent.  Wife splurged for quail and pork entree - nice, but didn't generate the same "oohs and ahs" as the fish and kielbasa.Atmosphere: Menu might give the impression of pretentiousness, but service and decor are not.  Perfect for our group.  Service:  Outstanding.  Attentive when needed, left to linger and talk when appropriate - paced the service to our needs (relaxing, but got us on our way to the symphony without delay).  Server recommended a Spanish red wine (with fish and quail?) and it was a delightful surprise that enhanced the meal.
5	As I'm leaving Pgh in a few months I've queried the locals here about my restaurant list before I leave and a lot emphatically said Legume.  Now I'm another of the 100+ reviewers that was "Wowed!" by Legume.  In some sense I won't miss Legume as there are hundreds or thousands of these types of restaurants around the country.  In other senses it's a tremendous value for the creativity, execution and taste.My awkward comparison of Legume is with Daniel Boulud in NYC: both restaurants are the few in my recollection that hit it spot on from appetizer to dessert.  No lulls, no "meh"s, not a lot of fluff as similar restaurants, nothing to nick-pick worth mentioning.
4	Some of the best food in town. Shared the bass and pork loin with a friend. The striped bass as incredible and something I would order on my own. Also tried pate and fries for appetizer. Both delicious! Worth the money.
4	Legume had been an oft awaited destination for my girlfriend and myself. We were savoring the moment where we would walk into the doors and lose ourselves in culinary decadence. It was to be saved for the right occasion with lustful anticipation.Fast forward to her birthday and we had the right opportunity, the moment had arrived!We were seated immediately and greeted by our waiter in a timely fashion. To start, we looked over the drink menu for an apertif. They all sounded interesting and delicious, and I settled on a concoction that mixed a dry gin and Laphroig, a smoky scotch in a martini. The drink was perfectly clear, surprising me, given that Laphroig has a carmel hue to it. Both flavored mixed impeccably and I sipped at this for the remainder of the meal. For drinks, they get an A+.Though the menu was succinct, the choices all looked marvelous. To start, we ordered the Pattte for an appetizer. It was quite good, and came with the most delicious mustard with the whole seeds in it. Our main dishes were split between lamb for her, and veal for myself. Legume essentially reminded me of Salt at this point, as both dishes were cooked perfectly, but lacked that distinctive coup de gras in flavor pairings. The mushroom flavor was very subtle in the sauce that paired with my veal. The dessert however, was nothing short of spectacular and I am not a dessert person. We ordered the carrot cake, and we were both floored by the perfection.I will certainly go back to Legume and Butterjoint, though I give it 4 stars for falling  a bit short on our main courses.
5	I went there a while ago with my girlfriend when she was in town visiting. Valet parking across the street at discounted rate with ticket validated at the host stand, not a bad start. They change their menu every single day so if there's something you have in mind that you really want, make sure you check out their website first for the daily menu. Since the menu changes so often, it's difficult to comment or recommend a specific item. Overall, the food there is excellent and deserving of the price. Service was quick and attentive. The only semi-negative thing I could think of is that the ambience was not as quiet as I'd hoped. I didn't expect it to be library-quiet and it's obviously far from being loud as a college bar, but still.
5	I've been here twice in the last year, and am happy to say that both times were incredible. The last time was on my birthday, when my wife set up a very nice dinner for two and we had the Chef's Tasting with the wine pairing. Like others who have reviewed Legume, we found our service to be excellent, and enjoyed the presentation of each course.The food here is absolutely flavorful and delicious. It's the kind of place that can almost make you consider licking your plate when nobody's watching you. (Not that I did that, but I wanted to... luckily there was bread to help me take full advantage of the sauces...) Every item was perfectly cooked and delicious - from our fish course, through the lamb carpaccio, to the dessert finale, all of the proteins and garnishes were complimentary to each other and well prepared.The only minor "flaw" was that they feel the need to maximize their space by putting a table for two right next to the doors to the kitchen - now, Legume is not the concept restaurant where you sit in full view of the kitchen, so this seems like a little bit of an afterthought. The problem for us was that in an otherwise quiet, slightly dark and romantic space, we were seated in a bright and somewhat loud section. I would have rather waited for another table in the main part of the restaurant; it would have paired better with the overall culinary experience. That being said, the food was so good here that I am not docking any stars for this...Will definitely return.
4	So we were here last night with a medium group. Parking is super easy and we were seated promptly. Service is top notch and waiter was attentive without being clingy. I started with the Boyd and Blue, a cocktail with blueberries and ginger - YUM!!!! No one else ordered a cocktail, but they were happy with their beverage selection.  We started with salads and soups, one was brave and ordered the stinging nettle soup, which the waiter said tasted similar to artichokes. It was pretty decent. I ordered the dandelion salad, which was more just bacon and eggs on a few greens than salad, but the bacon was terrific. I ordered the goat shoulder as an entree, which was falling apart tender and topped with pea shoots. I could have done without the shoots, as I didn't feel they complemented the dish at all. I tried my friend's shank ravioli, which was stuffed with meat and pretty darn tasty. It could have done well with a better sauce though. Husband and I split the Panna Cotta for desert, which was unexpectedly good (probably because I didn't know what panna cotta was before ordering it). Friends got the carrot cake and said it was good as well.All in all a good restaurant to try. The combinations of the dishes leave me a bit befuddled, but I guess when you are trying new things you are going to make a few missteps.
4	I want to give this place five stars.  I want to, but I can't.  "as good as it gets" is a super hard description to live up to.  Also, I have a really hard time giving out five stars.  So maybe it's five star and I just have some weird brain thing that prevents me from giving out that last star, but here were my issues with it:It's not for everyone.  Why?  Well, for starters, the menu is pretty limited.  If you're a huge seafood fan, for example, or LOVE steak...but neither is featured prominently (or at all) on the menu...you're sort of forced to leave your comfort zone to order.  Now that is right in MY wheelhouse...I love trying stuff I've never had before, or never heard of before...but it's not in EVERYONE's wheelhouse.  My wife, for example, had a tough time finding anything that didn't...scare her.  So she ended up getting chicken.  And not that the chicken was BAD.  (it wasn't)...but it's nothing she'd order at any other restaurant.  When we left I asked her, "Would you come back?" and she answered "That's a hard question to answer."  Which means, that it's really NOT that hard a question to answer, because other places she'd have just said, "YES!"  But she explained as follows:It's difficult to compare Legume to other restaurants she loves because she didn't get something she loves from Legume in order to be able to compare it to something she loved from another restaurant.  Because the menu is limited, you're you may find yourself having to default to something you really wouldn't prefer, only because it seems like a better option than things you may have never tried.Okay...with that out of the way, a couple minor issues:The waiter wasn't super.  He wasn't bad.  But he wasn't super.  That alone wouldn't have dropped this review to four from five stars, but see above.The bar was slow.  This is sort of a good problem for Legume, but sort of a crappy one for customers...the bar was PACKED, when we got there.  PACKED.  So I get why the bar was slow...but it was just something that detracted from the five-ness of the star rating.The coffee was so-so.  We did the french press, and it was fine, but not great.  I love a good coffee with dessert.Things I loved:I had stinging nettle soup.  Stinging.  Nettle.  I ate weed soup for dinner.  That is COOL.  And it was good.Sommelier.  Any nice restaurant should have someone that can steer you toward a good wine that compliments your food nicely.  Legume has one.  Seriously...stinging nettle soup.  I had the goat loin/shank/sausage with harissa and japanese knotweed.  Do you see a trend here?  They cook WEEDS and make them taste good.  That's AWESOME!!!The goat was good.  Not great...but definitely good.  When I had bites with the knotweed and rice, the sauce, goat, and knotweed balanced out really nicely...but bites that were heavy with knotweed were bitter and because of the way it was prepared it was hard to get consistent bites throughout.  Still...really good.  Happy with my goat, I just wonder if knotweed was the best choice for the dish.  Was it awesome BECAUSE it was knotweed?  Yes.  But could it have tasted better if it had been something less imaginative, but more palatable?  Maybe.Pretty restaurant inside.  I liked the inventiveness of the food.  I liked the ambiance.  I liked the philosophy overall.  I'd like to have given it five stars, but I feel like it suffers from limited menu, less than five star wait staff, okay coffee, and maybe (ironically) TOO imaginative dishes.
5	Wasn't a huge fan when they were located in Regent Square, but their new location on North Craig Street is very nice.  The food is delicious and the service is pretty good.  Will definitely be back!
4	We loved it!  I appreciate that Legume makes a concerted effort to use all aspects of the food that they feature and they do it beautifully. Legume Live up to its best reputation. I look forward to the next time I go there.
4	My wife and I visited Legume this past Friday while in Pittsburgh on travel.  I had read it was one of the best new restaurants in Pittsburgh and had a fresh, seasonal menu.  Legume did not disappoint.  We started with drinks in the Butterjoint next door where supremely knowledgeable and friends bartenders whipped up quality cocktails and shared info on other great spots to dine throughout the weekend.  The high quality service continued in the understated but classy dining room as our server was very knowledgeable about the food and wine list.  We started with pork & pistachio pate which was tender and savory.  Followed by and excellent Wild Dandelion Green salad topped with a fried duck egg and pork jowl bacon vinaigrette the savory sweet cure3d bacon was a great contrast to the bitter greens. For an entree we enjoyed the Goat which was served three ways, braised, sliced and as a sausage complimented with greens, rice and a sweet Rhubarb Chutney.   The braised goat was perfect, melt in your mouth short-rib texture and made a great vehicle for the sweet rhubarb.  The sliced meat was tender like nice center cut of steak... the kitchen really took my opinion of goat as a main course feature up a notch!I would definitely recommend dining at Legume to anyone with a adventurous palate or stop in the Butterjoint for top shelf cocktails with friendly serve!
1	Service is good, but the food was over priced and nothing special. Don't order these items from the menu: The salmon was dry and way overcooked, the Italian sausages were burnt, overcooked and dry. Nothing special with the Tallow Fries were greasy and salty. Very disappointed for a graduation dinner event.
5	I don't feel obliged to say much about Legume because it truly speaks for itself. Aside, it wouldn't really matter if I told you what my party ate, as the menu changes regularly. The food is phenomenal, drinks from the adjoining Butterjoint are delicious, the service is just as good, and the ambiance is understated but elegant. If you're looking to be impressed in all ways possible, book a reservation here. Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food, so there won't be any sticker shock here, just some happy tastebuds and a really happy belly.
5	My favorite place in Pittsburgh. The Craig street location has a great bar.
4	A foodie friend of mine introduced me to this restaurant and it was very good. Why not 5 stars? Because I reserve those for the very best. Still, this was very, very good. Very imaginative and tasty. I had a goat dish of mutli parts and the flavors were wonderful. So was the service. Check it out, you wan't be disappointed.
4	Chic ambiance caring service focus on local providers interesting and delicious dishes. Most enjoyable evening
5	Nothing is amiss at Legume. The food is amazing. Each dish is one layer of enjoyment after another. I can't wait to come back.
5	Easily the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I'm a grad student and therefore don't have a lot of cash, but I will save up to come to legume.  Fantastic staff, fantastic food.  If you can't appreciate what this restaurant is doing in Pittsburgh than I don't know what to tell you.  I also work part time in the service industry and anytime someone asks me for a restaurant recommendation I always suggest legume.
5	New favorite celebration dinner place! You can't go wrong with anything you order. The waitstaff is attentive and knowledgeable (Becky was phenomenal!).
5	Legume: Taking the Industry Out of FoodSo, here's a lil' secret for you.  I avoided dining at Legume for quite some time.  Why?  It's simple really.  You see I am a carnivore at heart and the namesake of this eatery led me astray.  Silly little me assumed that a place named Legume (defined as the fruit or seed of plants...think beans for example) was a sole provider of vegetarian delights.  After stumbling upon their website, I realized I was wr...wr...wrong.  It turns out that Legume does plate up some tasty greens, but it's also one of the best places in the 'Burgh to savor just about anything.  Legume is an upscale restaurant in the Oakland area that sources as many of its ingredients from local farms and artisans as possible.  Once those items are procured, the magic begins in their spacious kitchen.  Executive chef, Trevett Hooper, and his team take pride in preparing each dish by hand.  These folks are no strangers to butchering whole animals fresh from the farm or rolling out fresh pasta.  It's commonplace to witness the grinding of grains to make polenta or to see all hands on deck when pitting bushels of sour cherries.  You can literally taste the time and the love that goes into every thoughtfully prepared dish.On our latest visit to Legume, my in-laws (visiting from NY) were willing participants in trying one of my favorite dining spots.  As they perused the menu, they asked if we'd ever tried this (Blue Fish with Carolina Gold Rice and Chive Butter), that (Short Rib Ravioli), or the other thing (Lamb and Mashed Pototes).  The answer each time was, "Nope."  That's one the qualities I admire most about Legume.  The menu constantly changes because Chef Trevett only uses what's fresh and in-season.  So if you're the kind of person who orders the same dish each time you eat at a particular restaurant, you might be saddened by Legume...but only for a moment. Your frown will be turned upside-down because the daily menu (released each day by 5pm) is so masterfully constructed that you won't be disappointed in trying the latest masterpieces.  (Okay, okay, one time I was looking pitiful because the Cherry Pie for Two they had earlier that week was all gone.)To read my full review, including photos, please go to: http://fork2mouth.blogspot.com/2013/07/legume-taking-industry-out-of-food.html
5	We went to Legume for New Year's Eve, the meal was outstanding. The wine pairings were unexpected and delicious. It is August and I still think about that meal. The server was knowledgeable, friendly and attentive. Each course came out quickly and we really enjoyed the atmosphere. We have enough space between tables to have privacy so I don't need to listen to someone else's conversation.
4	Fresh, from farm to table. That was impressive. The menu changes daily, which makes every experience a little different, a little more unique. Unfortunately this also means the menu selection is rather limited to a few dishes, making it particularly difficult if you are a vegetarian or a picky eater. The waiters/waitresses are kind, helpful, and friendly, and are great when it comes to asking for suggestions or altering a dish to your liking.
5	If you're a fan of locally sourced ingredients and preparation from scratch, this is your place!  I wish I could come here more often, but given the prices it's usually only for special occasions.
5	While visiting some family in Pitssburgh, the group of us went to Legume for dinner.With 9 of us (including a infant) we were greeted promptly and shown to a nice big round table.We were greeted by our server (Sara) and she was outstanding!Drinks- I went with the "Mercy of the bartender" which is allowing the bartender to pick and make what cocktail you have. Also had some sparkling Rose to toast a birthday we were celebrating. The wifey doesnt drink and they were thoughtful enough (without request mind you) to make her a sparkling non-alcoholic drink to join in all the cheersing.We started with a few appetizers including the bluefish pate and the pork pate, the latter being one of my fav dishes of the night.Legume changes their menu daily. On this occasion I ordered the house made lamb kielbasa with golden rice and peeres and onions. This sauage was fantastic and the little grains of rice we amazing!We all shared all of the deserts on the menu but the one that stands out to me is the pamplova (sp?) with strawberry jam. This wa a huge meringue with fresh strawberry jam and berry compote. The meringue was soft on the inside and beautiful.Highly recomended if in the PGH.
5	Every time I go to Legume the menu is different and every choice is delicious. I have never been disappointed here.  Plus I love the focus on local seasonal foods. The food is always wonderful, the service is always great. One of my absolute favorite restaurants, not just in Pittsburgh, but one of my favorites from anywhere I've been.
5	Excellent service and food. Their tasting menu of fresh local ingredients is spectacular. Even if you just want a drink this is the place to be with pretty decent mixologists.  My favorite was the poached pear for dessert and the pepper jam appetizer.
5	Such an amazing restaurant. We were 4 people and all had the tasting menu with the wine pairing and it was just amazing. Fresh ,creative, great presentation and delicious. The wine pairings were perfect The sommelier did a superb job choosing the perfect wines with our meal. Our waitress was pleasant and knowledgeable. An overall great experience.
5	I really like this place. I've been here three times. The food is wonderful and so is the service. The menu is pretty straight forward and nothing is too complex or crazy. It's just regular food done really really really well. This is one of my top 3 places to eat in Pittsburgh.Only comment would be that I actually liked their Regent Square location a bit more than the Oakland one. Felt more cozy.
4	Hey.So.Yea.Legume is not a good place if you are trying to avoid meat.  Very limited and..not really meal type options if you're trying to be veg. I recall in the past they used to have a vegan tasting menu. Sadville.Legume is a really nice place if you eat meat. I had a bite of duck and it was great. The fries are apparently fried in beef fat, but..y'know..if you mess that up you should never cook again. They were good, but..fries...eh..whatevs.Limited menu (good thing) They also have port. Port is all like mmmmm in my tumtum.The raclette app was pretty lovely.Also, the bread has too hard of a crust. Y'all need to tone that down.I like this place but it needs to open it's mind up.
5	I don't usually post reviews but I took my fiance here for his birthday and we started at the bar, Butterjoint, before dinner at Legume, and from start to finish the experience was fantastic. We will definitely go back and this might be my new favorite place.
5	Our dinner at Legume was FANTASTIC. Every dish was delicious, the cocktails and wine were wonderful and our waitress, Jennifer, was awesome. This was our first time in Pittsburgh, and it was my boyfriend's birthday dinner, and it couldn't have been better. I highly recommend Legume!
4	We ordered burgers medium rare and they were close to well-done.  They were tasty however.
5	Fantastic! We went for my boyfriend's birthday. The atmosphere is classic. The food was so fresh and good. It is one of the best restaurants in the Burgh! Highly recommend this place for special occasions.
5	I know it might be super lame to write another 5 star update... BUT in my defense it's been 2 years since I wrote my last review here and they're now serving lunch!!You heard it here first (maybe not first), their lunch is a matching 5 stars to their dinner. And Butterjoint. And pretty much anything they do! But the thing that impressed me, maybe most, is when a place is packed during lunch! AND, it's not as if they're in a really busy area of Oakland. People WANT to come here. They know what's up! Let's face it, lunch can be the most boring meal of the day, I'd eat eggs and toast and a meatloaf for dinner and love them all. But lunch, yuck. I hate it. I don't hate it when I have lunch here! The tomato soup? So delicious! My yellowtail tuna melt. Incredible! I think the bread underneath may have been brioche and it was incredible. I also liked that it was open faced so I could eat it with a fork. Scrumptious! And you get a side of potato salad! All for $15. That's a steal!I could come here everyday for lunch. Then my afternoons would never be boring!
4	Legume serves no fuss fare, truly good comfort food. Apparently, their menu changes every day, posted on their website each evening "by 5 p.m." Portions were just right for me. Service was polite with friendly staff. Wine list had many affordable gems, like a bottle of Chinon to pair with the roast chicken main dish. All in all, a reliable spot to dine.
5	Just moving back to Pittsburgh from Southern California, Legume was a welcome experience! Living in so cal provided many options for good food, particularly fresh, conscious and creative restaurants that emphasized sustainable, seasonal, and local dishes. Legume was fantastic, and it's neighboring bar Butterjoint, were one of my favorite experiences, and I am so glad it was in the 'burgh! Our service was awesome, and the wine list included one of our favorites from the Willamette Valley, the Four Graces Pinot. It is one of our favorite wineries and the bottle did not disappoint! Overall, awesome experience, incredible food, fantastic drinks, and beautiful atmosphere!
5	So I was fortunate enough to have an friend take me here for dinner my first week  in town.  This place is legit!  The menu changes constantly and is based on what is fresh and at its best.  For the reason, we decided to go with the tasting menu and paired wines.  Now this option wasn't cheap by any stretch of the imagination, but MY GOODNESS was it worth it.  Since they offered a vegetarian options, we ordered that as well as the omnivorous version.  It was great because we were able to taste the best of both worlds. There were at least 5 courses and wow. They were all stand outs. By the time we got to dessert, we were almost stuffed! That's great because often times tasting menus can be downright paltry.  Oh and the wines.  I'm swooning just thinking about the wines that they chose per course.  Some American, but also Italian, Spanish and French. Again, totally worth what we paid for it.  Now service was a bit spotty. Our waitress was AMAZING and the hostesses were completely sweet. But some of the food runners were more on point than others. We asked one of them about what was on our plates, since she hadn't announced it when she brought it to the table. Unfortunately, she had no clue.  So we learned not to ask her any questions and kept it moving.   A very minor slight though.In short: if you want to take a date somewhere that you can pretty much guarantee a happy ending to the night, Legume is your choice.   Parents coming to town and want to pay for dinner? Legume all day.  I really hope to go back again sometime soon.
5	My wife brought me here to celebrate my birthday.  Hostess sat us near two loud tables and gladly resat us.The menu really talked to me.  It was easy for me to decide on an appetizer of Pate and a main course of Lamb Shank.  What makes Legume SOOOOOO good is the get both the big and small things right.  The Pate was flavorful with seasoned bread and mustard.  But I was really blown away by the pickled green beans on the side!The grade of Lamb Shank was very good.  It was slow cooked and braised, loaded with fall-off-the-bone flavor.  The carrots were unbelievable!!!  Sweet and tender.  Fingerling potatoes were a nice balance.I'm not sure what I had for dessert, as my wife ordered it, but it was sweet and a good mix of flavors.  Chocolate, pears and meringue.  What a way to end a meal!I am completely honest when I say this is one of the best, if not THE BEST, meal I've ever tasted.  Portion size was perfect.  Food is out-of-this-world!!!Decor is tasteful...very nice.I can't believe you would ever be disappointed here.  Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
4	Great place!  I had a salad with blue cheese as an appetizer, and a vegetarian ravioli here as an entree.  Plus merlot (we had started with drinks at the joined bar, Butterjoint, beforehand).  Everything was very good and the service was excellent.  Charming staff, and lovely ambience.  I had a bite of my dad's gingerbread dessert, which was very good and flavorful.  Lovely wooden tables.
5	Just went here for my wife's birthday dinner... within minutes, she said it reminded her -- in both menu and atmosphere -- of some of the better 'foodie' restaurants in Portland, OR, where we used to live.  If this is any sign of the rise of great restaurants in Pittsburgh that we are hearing about, this trend might be for real.We began with two apps - A grilled escarole salad, with so many other little goodies all in a perfect light but tangy dressing... awesome.  The other app was Bluefin pate.  Yes, that's right - Bluefin pate.  It kind of tasted a little like a salmon spread cross-dressing with some good whitefish... beats and other root vegetables, to go along with the crestinis and regular bread, made it a culinary delight.We then ordered two mains... pork loin (beautiful) and lamb shank.  I hadn't had lamb in about 20 years, and pork loin in about 15 years.  Both were locally-sourced and grass-fed, well-portioned, cooked perfectly, sauced nicely, and had enough sides to keep it interesting.  We concluded with two desserts... the chocolate truffle cake which everyone else has written about and of course was lovely; but also, the gingerbread with poached quince.  The gingerbread and quince had so many layers of flavors and spices that my wife said it was EVEN BETTER than the chocolate cake.  Service was very good, as was the atmosphere.  You kind of don't want to leave, which is a good sign.  Left satisfied, and still experiencing the flavors.  The place is not cheap, though not absurd.  It is in that 8-10 app; 25-30 main; and 7-9 dessert range that seems to be the sweet spot for Pittsburgh... the only variance is that some new Pitt restaurants earn it, and others don't.Legume does.
4	Went last night with my wife. Very nice place with a great staff. The menu changes daily depending on the availability of the food. I had the duck confit, and my wife had the antelope which both were very good!
4	Their new lunch menu is good. Less pricey than dinner, but pretty limited for a vegetarian. The soup was the bomb... Sandwich was ehh. I probably won't go back, because I don't work in the area anymore.
5	This restaurant is about as good as it gets, at least in the city of Pittsburgh. Firstly, the ambiance is low-key, fairly classy, and romantic. My then-girlfriend and I were seated in a room with a table of people that were a bit too loud at times, but I don't blame Legume for that. Our service was attentive, fairly friendly, and knowledgeable. I love that this restaurant is farm-to-table, and that is really evident in the wholesome, fresh ingredients. I love the fact that their menu changes each day. It has been a while, but I recall that we ordered goat cheese and apricot jelly crostinis and some kind of salad to start. Both were complex and very, very delicious. While I don't usually like hard boiled eggs or anchovies, I had to eat them, because every flavor had a place in the salad, and they all came together and complimented each other perfectly. This was also true for our entrees.. I believe we both had some kind of chicken dish, and I ordered a side of their french fries with a truffle aioli (again, absolutely incredible). Just when I thought it couldn't get much better, we ordered desserts. I recall having ordered some kind of raspberry and cream dish, and it was light and wonderfully tasty. The presentation of every single dish was impeccable.  When all was said and done, $130 or so including tip was more than worth our experience. If you're looking for a high quality dining experience in Pittsburgh, look no further. This is simply one of Pittsburgh's best.
2	Wife, myself and another couple had dinner tonight at legume. After ordering nice bottle of Spanish wine (a blended red) and studying menu we elected to have the 5 course (meat) tasting menu. None of us could be described as hearty eaters, but at $55 per person the portions were exceedingly small. The desserts were as large as 2 of the other courses. Presentation was nice and overall food was good. We have eaten all over the country and in many countries overseas in very fine restaurants and so I am not trying to compare with 5 star restaurant. With this said, they could be a little more generous with portions.
3	I think my husband summed it up when he said, "It feels like the chef won a restaurant on a reality tv show and just didn't know what to do with it."  We went here for a special occasion but nothing, nothing made us want to stay.  * Service - awkward, inattentive, slow* Food - tasteless salads, excellent entrees, dessert missed the mark* Atmosphere - loud off putting music, empty strange decor, beat up bathroomsI had higher hopes based on yelp reviews.  We had a 9:15 reservation and were not seated until 9:30, even though we could see empty tables.  Others who were waiting just decided to leave.Our waitress should be fired.  She described the food in the most unappealing way possible: "We don't have a lamb chop, instead we are substituting a lamb leg, it is cut in half at the bone, it has lots of sinew, tendons, connective tissue, so it is pretty chewy and tough, and it looks worse than a chop but it is still really good tasting."  And, "Monkfish is really good like lobster, but it is a super gross looking, ugly fish."  Way to turn our stomachs.Many different people waited on us.  The person clearing our salads put our dirty knives straight on the table.  At this price restaurant they should bring new silverware with each course, and if not, then at least don't put it straight on the wood top table.  They also cleared things too early, placed things awkwardly, didn't ask if we wanted drink refills.  Did anybody train this staff?Menu: I understand seasonal cooking doesn't leave many options in January.  But I also think there is a real lack of invention here.  75% of all the dishes had escarole and fingerling potatoes.  It all just sounded the same.  Get more creative with what you have at this time of year.  Mussel salad was utterly flavorless.  I don't know how you can make a salad that has mussels, fennel, and caper berries that has no flavor.  It sounds impossible, but true.The monkfish was delicious.  Well seasoned, big piece, tender, lovely tomato accompaniment.  Spanish mackerel was good.  Small.  Could have used a bit more sauce or flavoring.Warm gingerbread came with ice cold quinces on top and was so slathered in whipped cream it looked like a three year old plated it.  The gingerbread was fine but the fruit should have been warm and saucy.  The whipped cream tasted like cool whip and was about 8 times too much.At an odd moment, the music started blaring, the Smiths, which I love, and strange dance party music.  Just too off for this type of restaurant.  We had a strange oil lamp on our table that had a tiny blue flame.  There was a big empty wall behind us with a picture hook and no picture on it.  The bathroom has a strange shelf right when you walk in with q-tips and OB tampons in a tray.  Just so odd.****UPDATE: The owner of the restaurant contacted me via yelp and addressed the above concerns point by point.  She did so very respectfully and with tact, which I appreciate.  They are sending me a gift certificate and the next time I am in Pittsburgh I will give this place another try and can hopefully leave a more positive review.  I am very impressed with how they handled this and am updating my 2 stars to 3 stars for the time being.
5	Excellent food and service overall. Dinner might be a little pricey (I think it definitely worth it) but if you go for lunch you can try very elegant plates at very reasonable prices.
4	My wife and I have had this place on the list to try for a while now.  Truly she researched it more than me, but when I saw where the restaurant was located I was a bit of a surprise because I felt I'd past that spot before without realizing it was there. Anyway I love the atmosphere, it has a mellow, calm and soothing feel to it, but if you want to kick it up a notch, Butterjoint is it's bar area and things are more lively over there. I had the leg of lamb, which was pretty chewy but good. The special for the night was also a lamb dish with a more tender cut for $10 more. Someone in our party ordered it and I think it was worth the extra dough. It was really good. For my side I ordered the corn and that was one part of my meal I really didn't care for. It was bland and had a stale texture to it so I could only stomach a few bites.Also as an appetizer I had the goat cheese and pepper jelly crostini. The pepper jelly was amazing and complimented the goat cheese perfectly.Lastly our server did a great job. Very helpful in explaining the menu items and making recommendations.It seems the menu is constantly changing so I hope to try this restaurant again and see what's new. I highly recommend it.
5	This place is good. It can feel expensive for what it is - like a salad with farro and ricotta, got to be cheap to buy the ingredients - but it really is delicious food.   Fancy cocktails were special.This is the kind of place that really has a chef, not just a cook armed with some nouveau recipes.  I mean the ingredients are specifically chosen and the cooking is skilled.
5	Haven't been since they moved, but went on Friday with some friends. Very impressed. I still haven't had a chance to go back to Butterjoint again since my last review, but we didn't have any service issues this time around. Food was great, service was great, and we had an all around good time.
5	Went to dinner for my birthday.  We had a small group of 4 people and we all had a great experience. Our server knew the menu and details of each item. Even knew where it came from and exactly how it's prepared. She was attentive but allowed us plenty of time to enjoy the evening. Food was amazing. Would recommend to anyone for a nice dinner.
5	I have to admit, I had such high expectations about this restaurant and I was super excited (potentially too excited) to get the opportunity to stop in here for lunch with recruits for a work function (thank you per diem!). All of my expectations were met. I have heard other vegetarians complain that the veggie options here are not abundant, but to be honest, they never are at upscale restaurants. The important thing to me is to have a couple of options that are simply really good. And Legume delivered. I had the "winter vegetarian explosion" dish- and while the actual items weren't incredibly sophisticated (quiche, mushroom soup, chickpea salad, and a baguette), they were all perfectly flavored. And I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful they actually were. The best item for me by far was the grilled radicchio, which was absolutely amazing. I enjoyed every single bite of the meal, as well as the incredible beer list for lunch. And every person in our group had nothing bad to say about any of their dishes. If I ever get a raise, I will come back here for dinner as soon as possible!
5	We greatly enjoyed dining here during a weekend visit to Pittsburgh. Perhaps a bit pricey, but the dishes were creative and delectable. I'd definitely recommend to friends and would return on my next visit to the Steel City.
3	Very busy with $3 valet parking across the street. Service was a little slow but not terribly slow. Food was expensive and in my opinion just average for the price, with only a small selection and only one fish item on Friday's during Lent (I'm not Catholic but realize a lot of people are). There are a lot of choices in the Shadyside area and just a few more minutes away in downtown and personally I'd go to one of them.
4	Nice appearance! Place was full but we were seated quickly! Nice selections on menu as it changes daily.  We chose the root salad which was very disappointing for $9.  Two scoops with a fork and the tasty salad was gone!! With that I was prepared for the same portions for diner however was satisfied with the tenderloin dish which was a nice portion and very tender!  Had room for desert for two . Banana split with raspberry jelly!  Probably won't return as there are other we will try in the area in search for a favorite.  Overall nice but stay away from the $$$$ salad dishes!
4	We were looking for an upscale dinner place while visiting Pittsburgh and settled on Legume.  Its seasonal/daily menus and high reviews seemed too much to pass up.  Legume is next to Butterjoint and although they are technically different places, you can think of Butterjoint as Legume's bar - you can even order off of either menu at both places.Legume's menu changes over time, so your options may be significantly different, but everything we had was delicious.  We started with the Smoked Bluefish Pate, which  was served with crostinis.  I have not had a Bluefish Pate before (or any kind of fish pate, actually) but this was yummy.  Plenty of smokey flavor and it went well with the bread basket (which came with rye, focaccia and baguette breads) too.My main dish was a chicken, and I really wish I knew how they cooked this one.  The menu description said "cooked under a skillet", but I've only seen skin so crispy and meat so juicy in fried chicken.  In any case, it was great!  It was served over perfectly cooked rice, escarole, and garlic.  My girlfriend had a Mushroom-Barley Risotto, which was also cooked just right and had a great combination of flavors.Service was outstanding.  Our waitress took great care of us with our orders and filling up waters.  Overall, great food and decent portion sizes.  A little on the pricey side, but not bad at all for a fancy night out.
4	Amazing service, the good was great. We ordered a good portion of the menu and only one dish was a miss (skirt steak). I liked it so much I'm actually going to have some drinks and eat at their bar next door Butterjoint
3	I am torn about this place. The environment is a little stuffy. Clientele was mostly people in their 50s-70s in button down shirts and blazers. Service was prompt but not particularly warm or friendly. There were some standout dishes like the goat cheese and pepper jelly crostini and tallow fries w/ aioli, but other items like the bok choy kimchee (which didn't go with any of their other dishes, flavor-wise) and chicken cooked under skillet were mediocre. I love dessert but nothing appealed to me on their menu (highly unusual for me), so I didn't order anything.They have a daily menu that is posted on their website.
5	Summary: Legume lunch is absolutely wonderful, yet affordable! The quality of their food is the best that I've had in Pittsburgh. Legume tries keep to the "Farm-to-Table" style as much as possible. All the staff are all friendly and polite. Cool atmosphere. Definitely will be my lunch spot.When I first went to Legume, I loved every aspect of the experience. All of the staff were very polite yet laid-back and friendly. They were quick with service but were able to balance good conversations with my table. I got to share the Spelt Berry Salad and it was very flavorful. I'm not usually a fan of blue cheese, but I actually enjoyed it a lot in this salad. For my entree, I had the Gemelli with Braised Lamb. The Gemelli was the perfect texture and cooked perfectly. When I bit into the lamb, it was tender and succulent. To top it off, the entree was only worth $8! I couldn't resist dessert so I ordered the coffee crunch ice cream to share amongst my friends. All of us were first saying we would "only have a few bites" and once the ice cream got to the table, we were all fighting to get more. I highly recommend this restaurant!! I'm not 21 yet, but I'm excited to check out Butterjoint when I can!
5	Disclaimer:  Legume is another "I wish I could use half stars" kind of place.  On almost every front (ambiance, service, food, etc.) it delivers, but for some reason, it's just missing the "magic".  I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt because I've had not one, but two great meals here within two months time (and consistency in this business is hard to come by!).The combination between Legume and its accompanying bar, Butterjoint, is one to be reckoned with.  While I'm typically a beer guy, the cocktails I sampled on both occasions (plus one visiting Butterjoint itself) were solid.Relative to appetizers, I highly recommend any of the pates or tartars the make the menu for that night (they feature a seasonal menu that changes daily).  In addition, one of the cheapest options on the menu, the goat cheese and pepper crostini ($5), is one of the best!Both of my entrees were great.  The duck confit course on my first visit nailed that delicate balance between tender, perfectly cooked meat and that addictive crunchy skin that offsets its texture and the pork/poultry combo for my second was delicately prepared and well balanced.On both occasions, the Shaker Corn side was the star of the show.  Dried corn that's re-hydrated and cooked in mini cast iron skillets with a creamy sauce.  Best of all, my desserts in both cases were great, my favorite being the knock-out banana and chocolate chunk cake with pecans, banana anglais and salted caramel ice cream (the fat kid in me was in heaven).I will definitely be back in the future.
4	Walked in and were lucky to get a table on a Wednesday night.  I was with a picky eater, and so the menu was a little intimidating, but we ordered the ham & pork pate and the dandelion greens salad, and my friend loved them both (so much so that she had the other pate on the menu and I had some kind of thistle soup) as our second plate .  Service was courteous, the space is great for a conversation, and the food was good.  Haven't been to the bar, but it looked fantastic.
5	Make sure to visit here when you are in Pittsburgh. The whole meal was excellent from stem to stern, including the delicious, crusty sourdough bread, and the lightly dressed, incredibly fresh salad. The beef tenderloin was melt in your mouth, and the chocolate cake is exceptional. You will not be sorry.
4	Great atmosphere, knowledgable staff, good stiff drinks, amazing chef and Justin was a wonderful host for our first time dining here.Highly recommend if your looking for a great dinning experience.
5	Atmosphere check... Service check... Pierogies excellent! Crostini with Goat Cheese and Pepper Jelly, excellent!  Waiting on my main dish, I'll let ya know... All smiles for now.....
5	Wow  We were visiting Pittsburgh and looking for something special.  If you have time for just one dinner in town this should be your choice.  Every course was savory and prepared from locally sourced ingredients.  Our server, Nate, knew everything about every dish... I could not stump him for an answer even down to where the rustic tables were sourced from.
1	So here I stand at 7:08 got here at 7.Completely open tables but no we must wait until 7:15 to sit down.Are you kidding me?Why?This is ridiculous. Waiting for waits sake.
5	I travel regularly to Pittsburgh and decided to try Legume.  I sat at the bar (Butterjoint) and had dinner.  The bar has a food menu for Butterjoint and Legume.  I ordered the Keyser Soze which has a great balance of flavors.  For dinner I ordered the Salmon over lentils and greens, the best salmon I've ever had.  The skin was super crisp and cooked perfectly.  Service is terrific, friendly and attentive.  Must try restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Legume is one of my two fav restaurants in Pittsburgh.
3	I was not impressed with this restaurant. The service was great, and the food was just ok. It was the type of restaurant where food was plentiful, but its preparation (taste and presentation) was just average. I wouldn't go out of my way to try this restaurant.
5	I took my parents to Legume last summer when they came to visit me in PGH.  After dining at one of the more inexpensive-but-mediocre chain places at Station Square the night before, I wanted to treat them to dinner at a restaurant that exemplifies Pittsburgh's up-and-coming culinary scene.  So, after fighting the N. Oakland parking wars, off to Legume we went.Given that I was paying, we kept the bill within reasonable limits by skipping appetizers and just ordering entrees, some fries to share, and dessert.  I forget what they ordered, but I ordered the salmon entree, and it was superb.  Extremely well-cooked, well-seasoned, and well-presented.  Impressive!  I forget what they ordered, but they were favorably impressed as well--although not as much as I would have liked them to be, since, being denizens of suburbia, they're used to chain casual dining places, rather than more upscale, innovative places like Legume.  The tallow fries, which come with aioli, made for a nice crispy accompaniment to our meals.  Dessert was also excellent--I ordered the dark chocolate truffle cake, which I split with my mom, and it was sinfully delicious.  In terms of food quality, I consider Legume almost exactly on par with Cure--although Cure had a slight advantage for entrees, and Legume for desserts.  They're both excellent, and well worth the price.Service was attentive and helpful, but not overbearing or condescending--perfect for a fine dining establishment.  Overall, an excellent experience--highly recommended.
5	We enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Legume. The entire staff was great: polite, refined yet warm and friendly. Our server, Justin, was pleasant, helpful with suggestions and explanations of the offerings of the day, and attentive to our needs. Who could ask for more?? We are not people who know cocktails, but their menu of choices included explanations that helped us pick two yummy options. The food. Oh the food was delicious. We started with the crostini with goat cheese and pepper jelly (because we had seen positive comments about it here), and it did not disappoint. Small, but delicious, and just enough to enjoy crunching with our cocktails. The grilled escarole salad was a plate full of goodness, with unique ingredients like pepper beignets and pickled turnip. Every morsel was wonderful. Hubby and I chose two different entrees, with full intentions of switching mid-meal. Having a hard time deciding between Wild Striped Bass and Yukon River Sockeye Salmon, I discussed the options with Justin. He was able to elaborate on the preparation, sides and sauces, and helped me choose the salmon. Oh boy ... that sauce was incredible, and the salmon was light and flaky.  My husband ordered Beef Rib Loin with Barley and Red Wine Sauce. Also ... extremely delicious, though we both preferred the salmon. We accepted the chef's suggestion of medium rare for both entrees (I'm usually more of a "medium" girl myself), and the chef was right. Pure perfection. For dessert, we chose the Banana Chocolate Chunk Cake and the Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Espresso Figs and Espresso Meringue. I'm not sure I really tasted the espresso so much, but the Panna Cotta was really something special. The buttermilk taste added that little sourness the was the perfect offset from the sweet figs. The meringue melted immediately on the tongue. The banana cake was topped with salted caramel ice cream which was yummy, though very sweet. Perfect for a sweet tooth, but a little too much for me. This was a very special meal. I will reiterate a comment I saw by another online reviewer: Don't worry about some of the ingredients in the salads or sides that may be unfamiliar to you. Trust in the chef. There are talented people in this kitchen, and they put a spectacular meal on your table. Sit back and enjoy, and try not to lick the plate.
4	Great place, creative high quality plates.
4	My husband and I had dinner there Friday night.  We were early for our 8 o'clock reservation so we had a drink in ButterJoint next store.  My husband had an IPA and I had the mystery drink of the day.  Which was good - very strong.  (Side note:  we thought two drinks for $20 was a bit high - but then we went to the Pirates game on Sunday and had two Pale Ales on the club level and they were $20 too - guess we don't' get out much!)Anyhow, the service at Legume was excellent.  The food was really good too.  Apps were goat cheese w/ pepper jelly on toast and we had the smoked bluefish pate'.  Both were very good.  Dinner was Salmon for my husband and Stripped Bass for me.  Great food, beautifully prepared and presented.  We skipped dessert and went to whole foods for a big bag of tea cookies ; )We'll go back - I want to get a burger in the bar (ButterJoint) which our server said is to die for!
5	I went into Legume for lunch after having read some of the Yelp reviews, and it did not disappoint me. To start with, the service was excellent. I ordered a Gazpacho as an appetizer. Being from Spain I find it hard to get a decent Gazpacho in the US. I have to say that the one I had in Legume was probably the best Gazpacho I have had outside Spain. The funny thing is that Legume is not a Spanish restaurant at all. Still, they absolutely got the right amount of spiciness and garlic in. I then had Pierogies. I am not an expert on that (in fact it was my first time having them). But, I found the dish to also be delicious. I finished with an awesome desert. Only minor complaint is that they did not have espresso to go with it. But, overall a fantastic dinner.
5	Legume keeps being one of my top places to eat in the burgh!!They have excellent food always! new dishes always!!Great service always, it is nice to find places that keep it up for many years now.I would recommend this place to anyone. It is not cheap not I think within the range of the kind of restaurant that they are.Good choice all the time.!!!
5	It was so good! Not a ton of variety, and the portions weren't that big, but delicious and reasonably priced.
5	I've been going here with my family since they were at their original location in Regent Square, and I've honestly never had a bad meal. Now that I'm a poor postgrad this is definitely my "Moooom, buy me dinner cuz I'm visiting!" place. I adore their bluefish pate, all their soups, the chicken under a skillet, and the ricotta ravioli. The desserts are always good too, especially the gingerbread and the rice pudding they have during the winter. They also used to have this dynamite cold brew coffee--bring that back! It's nice to have a place dedicated to farm to table and local produce, and Trevett and Sarah, the owners, are so nice and open about what they do and how they source their food. Trevett's love for this food definitely comes through in what's on your plate!The cocktails come from their bar next door; I am a sucker for tiki drinks and I can highly recommend the Shark Tank. It even comes with a cocktail umbrella! Now that's the kind of attention to detail that counts.
5	Legume is a beautiful restaurant with an extremely quaint and relaxing atmosphere.  You really get the "home comfort" feeling here and the service is great.  The menu being updated basically daily is a definite plus and you can taste this in the freshness of their preparation in the restaurants dishes.  For an appetizer I enjoyed the Chicken Liver and Bacon bits, it was just so perfect an amazing sauce and done on a crostini, the way liver should be presented. For an  Entree I enjoyed their halibut and the girlfriend had the Yellowfin Tuna, both were excellent.  Perfectly tempered, well seasoned and accompanied well.  To speak for the Halibut it was very light but a good portion size and presented well with the summer squash and mushrooms.The only disappointment was due to the fact that the restaurant prepares all meals fresh and only as many as they think will be served nightly the result is a few dishes selling out for a saturday night.  For example we were unable to try the Beef Tartar because they had just run out half an hour earlier and The Beef Liver entree was sold out aswell.  I grabbed the last Chicken Liver App.  Next visit will be at an earlier time than 8pm to try all this great restaurant has to offer.  One of the best in pittsburgh and a great wines by the glass selection.
4	Argh yelp when will you give us the half star because legume so deserves 4 1/2! We visited for lunch on a Thursday afternoon. We had tried to stop once before for lunch but be advised they do close between lunch and dinner, so this was our second attempt at lunch here.I love the vibe in this restaurant! The tables are gorgeous and comfortable. Service was exceptionally friendly. Our server seemed to know the regulars at several of the tables and greeted them with hugs, which I loved watching! We ordered nettle soup, the housemade kielbasa and pierogies, and the BLT. I had never tried nettle soup before and it was delicious. Very light and summery and I adored the antique little cast iron crock it was served in. Points for original presentation.Chris's BLT was humongous. That thing was loaded down with ingredients and the bread was amazing brioche bread. The only downfall was that the sandwich was loaded with so many flavors that you almost lost the bacon. It was definitely there and a perfect texture addition but the flavor got a little lost in the mix. Not a problem though because all the other flavors were so amazing!The kielbasa was fantastic and the pierogies definitely weren't mrs. T's thank god! (Seriously though restaurants that serve frozen pierogies in this area, it's a sin. Stop it. Log cabin I'm looking at you). We switched meals halfway through so we could both try each others lunches.They only lost 1/2 a star because it took a really long time to get our food. We were there for almost an hour and a half. But our glasses were never empty and our server kept checking on us and updating us. Not to mention that he dealt with a different table complaining about their blt not having any bacon (after they are the entire sandwich! Really you didn't notice? Sounds like someone wanted a free meal to me) very professionally and courteously. He was a pro!Can't wait to try out dinner!
3	We came here for my birthday dinner and ordered the cornmeal crusted chicken livers, steak and the bread pudding for dessert. Service was pleasant and the meal was good. It would have been nice if the steak wasn't just warm and the bread pudding more moist.
5	Legume was delicious. Nouveau American cuisine with an attention to detail in the food preparation and in the cocktail list and wine/beer selection. Overall an excellent Pittsburgh dining experience that far exceeded my expectations.
4	Nice environment and thoughtful waitress. A very italian place. Food is fresh. Love it. A little bit expensive.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to go out to dinner again and he wanted to go to legume. We made a reservation on opentable.com for 7:45pm and got there 10 minutes early. They still had a table ready for us. It was a bigger place that we had imagined it to be, but was very noisy. It did, however, have very homey rustic styled atmosphere and decorations. The service was good.As usual, my boyfriend and I decided not to get an appetizer and get two desserts instead. We order our main dishes, but the bread didn't come until a minute before our main dishes arrived. The bread was bland and the crust was very hard. the butter spread, was just butter. We were disappointed. For the main dish, he got a chicken paprikash. It was really good for a chicken item. It tasted more mexican than any other cuisine. He enjoyed it, so that was good. I got the  a medium-rare beef bistro with turnips, mashed potatoes, and red wine sauce. I thought that the turnips didn't go well with the entire entree and that they were better off alone. The mashed potatoes weren't evenly mashed and big chunks were everywhere on my plate. The potatoes also didn't have any seasoning. The beef was pretty good. The sauce was really good, but there wasn't enough on the plate. I thought the dish was okay, but definitely wasn't worth the price.For dessert, we got the the peaches and vanilla ice cream, and a carmele dish. The peaches were very tangy and sour. They did not taste good. The ice cream saved the dish, but i thought it was the worst dessert we have ever had. The carmele dish was very good. It had a creme filling on top, which i thought would have been better if it were ice cream instead. It was pretty good.All in all, the chicken main entree dish was good, but not at the level of such a nice place. The peaches dessert was horrible, the caramele dish was pretty good. The service was good, but the restaurant was noisy. We thought that the food was definitely not worth the price. I doubt we will go here ever again.
3	I really wanted to love this place but the pictures definitely make the food look much better than they taste. I had the kielbasa dish and it tasted extremely bland. The crushed potatoes on the dish was probably the best part of the entire thing. Dessert was better but not much better. The best part of the experience was the customer service. We were never rushed even though we spent a good half hr just talking before we ordered.
4	Wonderful restaurant with nice ambiance, good service, interesting menu. Our dinner was delicious.
5	One of the best in Pittsburgh. Spectacular farm to table fare. Service is just as spectacular. Ambience is casual. Bar is also one of the best.
5	ONE OF THE BEST MEALS I HAVE HAD IN THE 'BURGH!My 80 year old father was visiting from out of country, so I looked for someplacenice to take him, near where he was staying in Oakland...someone suggested we try Legume.I owe that person a huge thanks....The dining room is lovely, and quite large, with non intrusive music (important when dining with an 80 year old).  The daily menu, though short, had very interesting choices, and was not overwhelmingly expensive.We started with a shared plate of Steak Tartare...hard to find in this city, and rarely done correctly (the meat should be chopped, NOT ground, and the accompaniments, which have been figured out over a couple centuries, are perfect for the dish).  Well, this was just delicious and was just a few capers (oddly not included) away from perfection.For entrees, he went with the duck leg confit, which he declared divine and thoroughly demolished, while I had the Spatchcocked Chicken (Here called chicken cooked under a pan)...My chicken was beautifully seasoned and perfectly cooked, with the crispiest skin I have ever encountered on a poultry dish...the smashed potatoes and greens with confit garlic were wonderful, and the sauce was absolutely astounding in its richness and silky texture.  We actually skipped dessert, since we were both so full after the meal...Overall, an amazing meal, and a restaurant I will return to.SPECIFIC NOTES:A: For those on dates, they actually had mouthwash in the mens' room (useful after confit garlic.B: On Mondays, they apparently do a brunch, for people in the restaurant business (restaurant workers get a special price on this)
5	I had the crispy duck confit which was amazing. This was the first time I was having duck and I loved it. We also had the caramel creme for dessert which was delicious! The service was good.
4	Went there for my wife's birthday and could not have been happier.  The portions are not large but are ample for a normal dinner. Prices are a bit on the high side but the ingredients and food quality are exceptionally high. Arrived about 5 minutes early for our 615pm Saturday night reservation and were seated immediately. Dinner pace was very relaxed (although the table next to us was in a hurry and they were in and out in under 60 minutes)We both started with cocktails, I had an excellently prepared Manhattan and my wife had their Old Etonion cocktail which was boozy yet well balanced. Started with the Raclette appetizer, a strongly flavored semi hard cheese served in a cast iron skillet. Excellent. For the main course I had the Crispy Confit Duck leg which was rich, tender and decadent. My wife had the beef loin which came out perfectly cooked and tender. We had the Apple Bread Pudding for desert which was absolutely fantastic.
5	Not since my trip to Spoon last year have I been so pleasantly surprised. Legume surpassed all expectations and I cannot wait to return for more. After browsing the menu, we realized that the tasting menu would be the best and most creative option for us.  Our waiter, Tate, suggested that we choose the vegetarian and omnivore option in order to experience  more of the menu.  Obviously we agreed. To start we both were served the Vermont raclette plate which was amazing melted cheese and pickled vegetables.  Incredibly savory yet had a bite of the brine.For the second course I received a grilled escarole salad and Rich enjoyed the butternut squash soup.  Both were flavorful and consumed in their entirety. Our main courses were the most impressive - perfectly cooked scallops in a balsamic reduction or a cheese tart with tomatoes and lentils.  I truly cannot express how delicious each dish tasted.  All I know is that I haven't had scallops that tasty since I left New England 5 years ago. Wow!To end the night,  Tate brought a pumpkin cake with vanilla ice cream and pota creme... pot de la creme?  I don't know exactly what it was called but it was heavenly!  Carmel and creamy and savory... I felt like it was doing pirouettes on my taste buds.  I couldn't have asked for a better ending to our meal. Thank you to Tate and Legume for a magnificent evening.  I will be back soon, looking for more surprises.
5	Loved it!  Food was fantastic and the restaurant and bar were very comfortable...good balance of trendy and casual.
4	I had a great experience at Legume. The highlight of the experience for our table was our server who was highly knowledgeable, and handled a table of seven in a seamlessly. The drinks from Butterjoint were fantastic as always as well.The food was delicious, though, I must say that while they were tasty and we were satisfied, we were not overwhelmed by it either. I am a fan, but do not think it would be near the top of my list to go back to for that reason, and that is why I am not giving in five stars. The most meaningful thing a restaurant can do for one is not to get customers to come dine with them, but to get customers to come back. Overall, it was a fine dining experience.
5	Had an outstanding dinner at Legume this weekend! It's been on my list for some time to try and it was absolutely worth the wait. Our server was knowledgeable and shared great details about the menu. We enjoyed the racalett and beef tartare appetizers. Both were phenomenal! Also had the smoked kielbasa and pierogies and the braised lamb. I'd have to say the lamb was some of the best I've ever had. All around 5 stars for atmosphere, service and menu.
5	best restaurant in Pittsburgh, hands down. everyone in my family was thrilled with our meal and service over Christmas week this year. I'm upset I've lived in shadyside for 5 years and am just now trying legume. butterjoint, the adjoining bar has always been one of my favorites, but whoa! legume is seriously top notch. my step mom who is a vegetarian was just as pleased as my sister who ordered steak. win for all! cannot wait to go back.
5	best restaurant in Pittsburgh, hands down. everyone in my family was thrilled with our meal and service over Christmas week this year. I'm upset I've lived in shadyside for 5 years and am just now trying legume. butterjoint, the adjoining bar has always been one of my favorites, but whoa! legume is seriously top notch. my step mom who is a vegetarian was just as pleased as my sister who ordered steak. win for all! cannot wait to go back.
4	This is a very cute place and super cozy for a nice enjoyable meal at a convenient location.. The menu keeps changing and you're always in for a fresh surprise with the produce of the season... The service was great and the ambiance quaint... However I do feel that it is a bit overpriced
4	I finally got to check this place out the other night with my boyfriend and some friends. Everything I had was wonderful! We both started our meals with a side of fries as an app, the fries were wonderful! I can't quite describe them, they are crispy and light and almost melt in your mouth. The menu changes daily, but the night I was there I had the lobster ravioli. It was probably the best lobster ravioli I have ever had, even better than some I've had at seafood restaurants or restaurants closer to fishing towns. The portion wasn't small, but it wasn't huge either, it was about right for a single meal with no leftovers. My boyfriend got the chicken and liked his dish as well, I tried a bite of his and the chicken was very juicy and tender. My friends also loved their steak and fish dishes. After eyeing up another table's dessert, we decided to get dessert too. We split a piece of chocolate cake with whipped cream. The cake was very rich, but the slice was small enough to be just enough for 2 people without feeling like it was too rich or too much. The whipped cream was very fluffy and good. The service was excellent, the food is on the pricey side, but at the same time the portions were reasonable. This isn't a restaurant where you pay $35+ for a dish, and when it arrives it's about 5 bites. We will be back again! We also are going to check out the burgers at Butterjoint, the bar portion next door.
