3	Dang Me. Red Robin is all growed up! Hadn't been to one in 20yrs.But a lot of the clientele, at this location anyways, hasn't. The majority maybe have their drivers license, maybe. (Families w/ kids. Lot's of families) But there I was, the biker couple, the lesbian couple, the funny retired couple, even my nextdoor neighbors (with their new born) were there. You too could be there!Sunday late lunch, early dinner.Sit in one of the 5-6 booths in the Bar Area! Much calmer. There is also the bar itself. 3-4 TV's for "The Game" so you can hang out and scarf your burger and beer (or cocktail). I recommend the 22oz. draft beers. They also have a couple "Bottomless" non-alcoholic Limeade drinks. All you want for $3.99.  Stuffed! The folks I was with are eaters, and still the portions did their duty. Chips w/ warmed Artichoke & Spinach dip. Towering Onion Rings served like a Fisher / Price toy. http://www.fisher-price.com/img/product_shots/71050_d_1.jpg?1216605372668  Ahhhh 'comfort food". Burger was fine. Bun was a bit hard. I scarfed it. But it is a $9 burger, could be better. Didn't get into it. But I hear the steak fries are endless, as in All you Can Eat. And then the dessert menu arrives. NO WAY!! Next time.Red Robin. A higher end Applebee's. If that means anything. The crew did a fine job! Cooking and presentation were great. Service was genuine and attentive. They did take care of us. Probably will of you too. Hours: Sun-Thu: 11a-10p, Fri-Sat: 11a-11p3 starts because of the service! The kid crowd almost lost that 3rd star though.Take 95 to W. Ann. West of 95, first turn is Centennial Center Blvd. up aways Cross W. Tropical Pkwy, continue about 50yards turn left. Red Robin is off to the left back side of lot. The roads out here are a work in progress. These directions should be fine though.Enjoy.
3	I've visited this Red Robin a few times.  I don't know... but I think a $9 burger should be top notch but it never does it for me.  However there is never a long wait and the service is always good.  Food wise, I'm sorry but the burgers at In n Out down the street are hands down better, even if they don't come with jalepenos or pineapple or whatever :)
3	Burgers are ok, drinks have free refills.  Service is slower than expected for the few tables there.  My son didn't like the Monster Burger but ate my husband's Whiskey River burger & they traded
4	My son is very choosy or shall we say fussy.  He should do his own yelp since he gave Andre's a 6/10, Studio B buffet a 6/10.  But he's in H.S. with a very busy social calendar.  So I compile our overall impressions herewith.  He was pleased with his $12.99 french dip that came w/ garlic fries.  The parental units had a $9.79 jamaican jerk chix burger & a $9.59 bacon burger.  Both came with the fat steak fries.  All was ok.  That's why it's 4 not 3.
5	Ok I havent eaten here, but I imagine its as good as the other robins Ive ate at. So why the review? Without blowing my cover, Im posting this on behalf of the staff who went above and beyond for a disabled customer to ensure that she made it onto the transit system safely. The two young gents were even willing to foot the $50 dollar cab ride home for her, but that wasnt necessary as she ended up taking public transportation home. One of the guys even pushed her scooter all the way to bus stop! (I think it was like two miles or more!) Wow.. nice to know that there are some good  people still left in this world. I promised em I would write them a review so here it is!
3	Eh. Red Robin is one of those places you go to as an adult to grab a beer and burger without thinking about it.  We went over the weekend for our first Red Robin experience and was pleasantly surprised to see how crowded it was.  I assumed that, based on the number of seats taken that it would be a great place to eat a burger.  I also noticed that majority of the patrons were families with small children, so the whole beer and burger thing may be a tad of a stretch, at least for the crowd I saw.We ordered the classic with cheese and some steak fries, a mint shake and one soda.  The shake comes with the mixer container still half full, which was nice for the five dollar price tag, and was a fairly good shake.  Standard, nothing mind blowing or amazing, but good.  The burgers came out really fast, and I was happy with the short wait.  They were wrapped in wax paper and came in baskets, which was nostalgic.  To top it off, they were huge!  I couldn't wrap my mouth around one, for some reason.  Still, once I took the first bite I was satisfied but not pleased.  I expected their burgers to somehow be different, more authentic or genuine in taste, but I didn't get that.  Although a good burger, I could get the same one for less somewhere else.  Overall, good burger and fries (especially since they are endless refills), but nothing that I'd go back for.Great service, good burger and shakes, and fun little games in the lobby.  Hey--those kids were ga ga over the burgers, so I guess they're doing something worth while.  For me, personally, it was okay but I won't be back.
4	I have probably been to Red Robin a million times. Not once has my food been bad or inconsistent. The service, is pretty much a hit or miss. Sometimes you get someone good, and sometimes you get someone who just doesn't care. My favorite burger is the Whiskey River BBQ Burger (Petite) if a regular burger is a bit too much for you, ask for petite, they make a smaller patty at a lower price than what is stated on the menu.
4	Great service, great food. Our waitress was very nice. I love their fries and love even more that they are bottomless. They would have gotten 5 stars but I swallowed a lemon seed that was hiding on the bottom of peach tea and i think its still stuck in my throat. LOL
4	I'm not in Centennial very often, but my boyfriend needed to exchange something at the Ross nearby. After doing what we had to do, we wanted something to eat. Originally we were aiming for some Mexican Food, but we saw Red Robin right next door and my boyfriend suggested going. I've never been to Red Robin before, so of course I said yes. The place was pretty empty, not surprising since it was only 11am and they just opened. We were seated and given water. We ordered a bowl of clam chowder to share since we didn't want to get too full before the burgers came. The waitress brought it out in two small cups, which was very nice. The soup was light, but very flavorful and pretty yummy. Each cup came with a small piece of bread that went perfect with the soup. My boyfriend ordered the Guacamole Bacon Burger and I ordered the Pub Burger.  Both orders came with bottomless steak fries.  We also ordered peach tea and freckled lemonade, both were bottomless as well.The Pub was okay, nothing too great. The Guac Bacon Burder, however, was mouthwatering and the steak fries were very savory; I probably had mine refilled like 3 times. I really like that they give you bottomless fries with your burger and it's an added bonus that the specialty beverages were also bottomless. The service is fast and friendly and the food is pretty awesome.
5	I always love coming here, and ordering the same thing. But this time around, we decided to order the Just-in Quesadillas, for starters, and they are really good for a place that is known for their burgers. I did order the Banzai Burger, like I always do, as well as a Baily Irish Cream shake and a coke. I love pineapples, so the pineapples on the Banzai burger is always a plus, it just gives that fruity twist to a burger. The Baily's Irish Cream shake is always good, I usually finish that, before I even get my burger. Since I usually finish my shake before the food gets there, then ordering a coke is always a good thing, since you get free refills on coke. The place itself is very spacious, and I like that you can move around, with out hitting a table or some one. The staff was really nice and right there, when your ready to take your order. Also I like the fact that they come around to check on you, to see if you need refills on drinks or fries. If you love burgers with a twist, this is one of those places I would recommend. I love this place, and if I could live off it, I would, but got to watch my health.
3	3.5 stars for sure. A big star came off because our waitress managed to confuse french onion soup with clam chowder and then basically was confused when we told her it wasn't what we ordered.Red Robin has a great selection of burgers and chicken sandwiches and their Vegan/Veggie alternatives are adequate for even the pickiest eaters. The bottomless fries with multiple dipping sauces is a great touch and the burgers are juicy and delicious. My only gripe with the burger itself is that it was way too messy and basically fell apart in my hands. Not sure if it was the soggy bun or the 2 lbs of sauce dripping out but it was an inconvenience and happens every time I eat here.If you are looking for a highly priced, tasty burger Red Robin is definitely a good choice but there are plenty of places for less money that are much better in Las Vegas. Create in Summerlin still ranks much higher on my list.
4	Mom wanted a Burger for lunch, so we decided to head to Red Robin.  It's in our neighborhood and it's been a while since we were last here.   We like this place because of the variety of Burgers they have on the menu.  It's pretty extensive and creative.  The Bleu Ribbon Burger (Bleu Cheese, Chipotle Mayo, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion Strings, Onion Bun), $9.79 immediately jumped out at me when I browsed the menu, so I went for it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jBs2HmEOkqCvdHNnw3N-og?select=LX8XzvXLi__N_8hn2EPUdQMom went for a Turkey Burger....she's been on a Turkey Burger kick lately.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jBs2HmEOkqCvdHNnw3N-og?select=zD0Th0NI9ydO5MA2DogVmgThe service was excellent, as usual, and the food came out quickly.  We requested our Burgers to be cut in half and they got it right.  I took one bite out of my Bleu Ribbon Burger and instantly became a fan....yum!  The Bleu Cheese and Onion Straws gave the Burger a unique flavor that tasted soooo good.  It left me wanting more when I was finished....which is the tell-tale sign for me that I enjoyed the grub.Overall, the experience was very good.Return Factor - 90%
5	Excellent burgers. Very clean. A bit quiet at 13:00.
4	It's Red Robin and I like it.  Great for kids. Always feels clean. Quality has always been good.  I always get my fries first with ranch, a trick I picked up from a friend.The service is consistently slow, while they seat your relatively quick it still takes a while to get  your grub on.
5	This is the very best burger joint in town! I have ate here countless times and I am NEVER disappointed. You can substitute a turkey patty for every kind of burger. Did I mention BOTTOMLESS STEAK FRIES?! No one offers bottomless fries anymore. Everything I've had here was delish. The chili is my favorite when I want something small. If I bring an appetite, I get a Turkey Chili Burger. Yum! The staff is pretty great and they offer a military discount.
2	I have always loved Red Robin, but have never had a good experiences at this specific location. Every time we go we have bad service and a long wait. The drinks were watered down/ I kept going back to try and five them a few more chances but I am done with this specific location. If I am in Centennial and need a burger I will go to SMASH Burger.
5	Celebrating Jaila's first day of Pre-K....Not too busy and amazing service today!
2	We only go to Red Robin when nothing else is open.  We planned on going to Market Grille this past Sunday but it was closed SO we just went to RR.The sandwiches are slathered with mayo and super messy.  Not worth the $11-12 per burger or sandwich they charge.Go to Create for a better burger!!!
4	Great location, the staff is super friendly and quick.  We were greeted, seated and introduced (to our server) within 3 minutes, and the place was packed.  It was nice to be around staff that were happy to be at work.  The smiles were definitely infectious.We started with their zucchini and mushroom app.  DELICIOUS.  These are definitely not frozen.  The zucchini was crunchy and fresh and the mushrooms were the best fried I have ever had.  My daughter had the strawberry lemonade (bottomless) and I had their ice tea.  Both were very flavorful and fresh.  Daughter had a chicken salad (which she demolished) and I ordered the All American Patty Melt.  I loved that they even asked how I wanted my burger cooked.  The Melt was on point with this fabulous marbled rye bread.  It was very generous and I had to take half of it home.For you french fry junkies, they have great steak fries and on most of the meals the fries are bottomless as well.  You definitely get your monies worth at the Red Robin.
4	I worked for Red Robin 20 years ago, and I still like to go there! That says something! This restaurant is great always consistent!
3	Daugther recommended Red Robin just as a new place to try.  But when I got the bill for 6 adults and 4 children I got "sticker" shock.  The price was outrageous just for a burger (which were small-had to get my grandson a second one) fries and a drink.  We would of been better off at Steiner's were on Wednesday,s they have burgers with fries for $6.00 a person and other specials on different nights.  Carl,s $6.00 burgers are even bigger and better.  Save some money and go someplace else unless you like paying high prices for mediocre burgers.
2	Just not a big fan of this place. I never liked the hamburgers so I tried the fish. Overcooked and dry. Ended up not eating the fish and filling up on the fries. Thanks for nothing. Won't be back
2	My wife and I have been here twice now and I had to finally write something about this particular red robin.  Being from California , there were a couple of them around us and we frequented them many times.  I have to say , the red robin here in Vegas , is a let down.   The service has been great both times we have come here , friendly staff and even the manager has come by to chat with us both times as well. This is fine and dandy , but service needs to be good along with the food , and that's where i had to lose some points on. The first stop i ordered the new "special" which is the big bacon burger. I asked for BBQ sauce on the side , medium cooked burger.  My wife ordered the patty melt well done ...    When we received the burgers , they were opposite.  My wife received the medium and i received the well done.  We could have sent them back , but at that point we just wanted to eat ( we had an appointment to get to ).  The well done burger for me... had way to much char flavor. The second time my wife ordered the same thing , well done again ... came out medium.  The place was packed and it took quite a while to get our food , so once again sending it back was not an option. I was not in the mood for a burger that night so i tried the fish and chips along with a side of their clam chowdah ! .  The chowdah! was actually quite tasty , thick and had nice sized chunks of clams in it.   4 star . However the fish .....  dry , tasteless , and the breading was not fully cooked through.  I was disappointed.   I may give these guys one more chance on my birthday (next month ) for my free burger ... but i haven't decided yet.
4	Friendly service, delicious sandwiches and burgers, and bottomless garlic fries. Too bad their HH isn't great, but they do have one!Service is fast and friendly. I usually share a burger with the bf, and they split it for us and that means extra fries! And their lemonades and cocktails are well made.So many items on the menu, but I stick to a handful of them, but maybe one day I will be adventurous and try other things.
3	In the beginning Red Robin like most places was a GREAT Idea. Now its just turning into another Burger joint. Some time back the Burgers were Excellent. Now they are a little dry. I'm missing the JUICY!
2	This rating is based on the "new" menu alone.  They have slashed the number of appetizers, burgers and other options.  No more nachos, chili con queso, chili-chili cheeseburger or garlic fries amongst others.  Used to love the variety, now it is too limited.  The service during this visit was great.
4	OMG Bottomless Root Beer Floats!! Their freckled lemonade is phenomenal too but honestly, I could't pass up the root beer floats. You can't go wrong with bottomless french fries and ranch dressing and they are the only place I know that serves the fried chicken sandwich with pickles and onions, YUM!!
5	This Red Robin has really turned it around in the last year or so. I've been several times in the last few months and even once they ran out of the new veggie burger. The manager felt so bad, she wanted to make something for me. I declined and had a grilled cheese instead, but it was very nice to know that she cared about my dining experience. She also did not charge me for the sandwich even though I did not ask for a discount and would have been happy to pay based on the service alone.
5	We are here once a week. Service is always fast and friendly. Food is good and cheap. A lot of the staff know us now and the manger always smiles. The club card has gotten us a lot of free food too!
3	Some times that place is soooo freaking loud.  The food is always consistent.  Not necessarily overwhelmingly good, but consistent.  Comparable to Fuddruckers, although I like Fudd's pickles better.  Fuddruckers changed their pickles so at best, it's a dead heat.
1	Terrible service. Our server, Holly T. was rude and inattentive to our table. The manager didn't seem to care either. They brought me a burger covered in a sauce I clearly asked for on the side, then charged me extra for the sauce I didn't want. When I asked them to fix my meal, all they did was take the burger back to the kitchen and wipe the sauce off with a napkin. The worst part of that is not only the napkin debris on my burger, but they didn't get all the sauce off. It was terrible.We were supposed to get "bottomless fries" and my wife went her whole meal without getting fries. They put 6-7 fries on her plate initially then we waited about 15 minutes before we had to chase down the ever so rude waitress and ask her if we could have more fries. My daughters mac&cheese looked more like soup than mac&cheese.Terrible service from our waitress Holly T. and the food sucked as well. They did nothing to fix my situation or make sure I was satisfied as a customer.On top of the rude service, wrong order and dirty looks from the staff, I was overcharged on my bill.We came here a few times a while back and it was ok, but now we will not be back to this place, ever. I do not recommend this place to anyone. Save your time and money.
4	I love Red robin!!! I have not eaten a bad burger yet, they are all great. If you do not mind sweet items on your burger, I would highly recommend the THE BANZAI BURGER... services: hit or miss... prep time: 10-15 minutesatmosphere: family/ friendsBest Thing: bottomless fries ( they are awesome)Tip of the day: if you sign up for their mailing list, you can get a free burger on your bday and tons of discounts!
3	Service was friendly, food good but not correct. Valerie is super nice
1	DISGUSTED! This location has taken a turn for the worst. First off, the tables were so sticky it felt like somebody washed them in syrup. 3 out of the 6 of us didnt have napkin,spoon or fork when they sat us down. When we got our strawberry lemonades, they tasted so sour and salty. Very disappointed because we love the strawberry lemonade here. So, he brings out the so called "bottomless fries". THE 2 BASKETS OF FRIES HAD 8 FRIES INSIDE OF THEM EACH. MAYBE 9 AT THE MOST. So after we quickly make the 16-18 french fries disappear, we ask our waiter for more fries and refills on our drinks. He then refills our lemonades (that taste even worse than the previous glasses) and brings out 2 more baskets of bottomless fries. This time the baskets have 7 fries each now. And thats the last time we see our waiter. We get our food from different servers. 10 minutes after we recieve our food, the waiter brings us the bill without even asking us if we were going to have dessert. Very poor  customer service. Staff was just out riight horrible. We werent even done with our food and he drops the bill on us. My brother ordered bottomless rootbeer floats and had to track down the waiter to get his refill. Now mind you, its 8pm on a Wednesday night. Its not even busy, and we were 6 of the 20 people who were in the place. Will never go back. As for the other 5 of the party, they also have let me know they will never go back. Sad.
4	We've been to this location twice in the last six months. We have never had any issues even when the place was packed. Burgers have always been great and fries/root beer floats bottomless! We always leave stuffed and regretting eating sooo much. That's probably why Americans are so fat. BOTTOMLESS FOODS! I would recommend this location.
2	Meh is right. This place is way overpriced for the food you get, and service is never very good. Which is slightly understandable since EVERY time I go here, no matter when or why, it is packed. I hadn't been here since high school, when I didn't care about anything but eating junk and hanging out with my friends in the few places that teens could go to. It's a great place for that, for when you are a kid and have money to burn on low end food.The biggest gimmick they have is their 'types' of burgers. It seems that they have a mass amount of patties in the back, all the same, but they throw different things on top and call them gourmet burgers. For 10$ or more each. Yeah, you get 'bottomless fries' (which are, hilariously, in an actual bottomless cylinder) but that is only if your waiter/waitress is around to notice you want/need more. They give you a hand full of tasteless steak fries. How can one make fries so bland? There is a reason they give every table a giant shaker of seasoning. I got a Gardenburger. Which is, a Gardenburger you can buy at the store. They also serve the vegan Boca patty...also bought at the store. You can sub any veggie patty for any type of burger, but really, it doesn't make a difference.
2	We were trying to think of a pace to eat in the Centennial area after our visit to the adjacent shopping mall. My boyfriend suggests Red Robin, YUMMM! We were excited walking in- he already knew he wanted the Whisky River BBQ burger with sweet potato fries. Cons:1. We were seated at a visibly dirty booth. I used my hands to sweep the crumbs off the table and seat before the hostess put down the menus and didn't offer to wipe the table down or seat us elsewhere.2. Service was slow, it took us over 30 minutes from the time we put our order in to receive an incomplete order. My boyfriend got through half his burger before his fries came.3. The cheese on both of our sandwiches was coagulated on top of the meat and my bun was really soggy- must've been sitting in the window for a while.4. The bathrooms were a little dirty.Pros:1. Most of the food was good; onion rings and vanilla milkshakes especially. 2. Regular fries come bottomless (we usually upgrade our side though).All in all, we probably won't be back to Red Robin for a while- if I had another choice for burgers (in this case you have at least 2- In-N-Out and Smashburger) I would probably head there. There's a certain expectation of service for $40 at a burger joint, and RR was severely disappointing this time around.
3	Nothing to rave about, it was good. My first time here.
1	Food is always good.
4	Not bad for a chain restaurant!Went here because I am a member of the Royal Club which means you are entitled to any burger on their menu for free for your birthday! How's that for being a member? I highly recommend you join their club so you can cash in on this birthday deal. Just go to their website: www.redrobin.com and sign up.What I got was the Berserker Burger which was inspired by the movie Wolverine. It is a flavorful combination of zesty Aioli, Sriracha Onion Straws, Spicy Pickles, and Cheddar Cheese on a Brioche Bun. This burger is for a limited time only so get it while its still available! Of course, with any burger that you choose, you get their signature bottomless Steak Fries! Don't forget to put the patented Red Robin fry seasoning on there as well.Service was good. We were greeted right away and was sat down. Our server came around and got our orders. I made sure to let her know I had the free birthday burger. I know some places when you get free stuff the quality of service tends to go down because of the big discount on the overall check. Our server did very well and I tipped her like I never had the free burger so she really deserved it.The only thing that made me subtract a star is that when I went to the bathroom to wash my hands, there were paper towels all over the floor. I notified a manager and they said they will take care of it. After finishing my meal which was about half an hour later, I went back to the bathroom again to wash my hands and it was still the same. So somebody failed to clean up. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised on how everything went. You guys just need to keep an eye out for your bathrooms.
1	Didn't even make it to the table.  Told a certain wait time, waited twice as long were never seated.  Got a drink from the bar, a vojito, strawberries stuck in straw and mint pulled too fine
4	I'm a big fan of RR but lately I have tasted a burger King like flavor in their burgers, yuck!
2	My husband and I went into have my favored BBQ chicken salad , and a burger for him , I was so sad it was so bad food and service had to ask for everything and wait longer for her to bring it to us . On the plus side the seaters are on the ball great job girls , she got our drinks and frys for us.
4	Believe it or not, this was the first time eating at a Red Robin. I was recommended the Chop burger from our waitress Tessa. The burger didn't disappoint and neither did the customer service. Excellent service from our waitress Tessa and the manager who kept checking all of the customer to make sure we were all being taken care of. And the Root beer floats were bottomless. The best type!
4	I heart Red Robin!  This is a huge burger chain and they know what they are doing!  It isn't a fancy place, but it is a very toddler/kid friendly restaurant.  This is great since my mini me is very much a toddler and gets into everything these days.  It is a very comfortable place for families to go, as well as to grab a tasty burger!The menu is mostly fantastic burgers, but it seems every time I go there are even more options like salads, chicken sandwiches, fish options, and even pastas.  I have only had the burgers and the fish n' chips and have loved every bite.  You really can't go wrong with any of the burgers, though my faves are the Beresker, A1, and the Bleu Ribbon burgers.  Yum, yum, yummy!  And a little bit of drool too.Now for the best part about Red Robin....Bottomless Steak Fries!  The fries here are amazing, especially with the special Red Robin Seasoning.  I love these fries and probably eat at least half of my body weight in them every time I go to RR.  They also have a great loyalty card that you can sign up for.  Every 10th burger/entree you buy is free, you get a free burger during your birthday month, and you get a lot of freebies throughout the year.  And it is all free.  I love free!
5	Maybe I'm saying this is a 5 star experience because I was a little "toasted" when we showed up here.  We were next door at Michoacan for their Sunday brunch.  So, we decided to sit in the bar and hangout a little longer.There was ample seating in the bar and they had a booth that fit the 6 of us perfectly.  I wanted to get rid of my buzz and there is nothing better than a milkshake and fries to do that.  I ordered the cookie shake and it was great.  $5 for the shake and extra in the tin.  Our waitress was great too.  She checked up on us to make sure everything was okay.The only problem I had with the place was the urinal.  It was about a foot off of the ground.  I think it's a test to see if you're sober or not.  If you piss on your shoes then you have to wait a little while longer before you can drive.  I was good to go!
3	Sing it with me......REEED ROBIN.....YUM! ;)Oohhh my goodness....my brain can't think because it is SOO LOUD IN HERE!  Now I remember why back in the days I would bring my baby here.  Because no matter how loud she screams no one notices. LOL  I think its so loud that you actually have to yell to communicate with the person you are with so its all an ugly vicious cycle. Sunday afternoon we decided on a burger-lunch and thought it had been so long since we had been here.  Now we remember why. hahah The waiting area was full but must have been for a large party because our party of 2 got seated right away.  Every seat in this place was full.  Tons of large parties full of families and friends!  Maybe the after-church crowds as well.  So much I forgot about this place-not a frequent favorite just for the fact there aren't too many healthy options here.  If you can control yourself they do serve salads.  I'm just not sure how healthy they are since I'm not the one who can order salad with a menu that has fantastic pictures enticing your blurred and echoing thinking.  We were literally seated for less than 5 minutes when our waitress came to apologize for the wait.  Wait?  What wait?  Very nice girl but a little ditsy.  I don't generally go for burgers anywhere.  I usually opt for the grilled chicken for a healthier choice.  Today I was going all out.  Here's what we ordered:Whisky BBQ burger - slightly greasy bun, topped with a juicy on the inside burger with crispy onion strings and a smoky bbq sauce.  Yes I didn't go for the lowest in calorie/fat option.  It was pretty great though.  I had to cut it in fourths so I could actually eat it in a nice non-messy way.  My once a year indulgence didn't fail me...er-until just now.....SHOW STOPPER....  Might I say how disgusted I am now that I looked at the nutritional value of this burger....Oh my freakin gawd......1138 calories 70 grams of fat!  HOLY SHIT!  My hour workout that night didn't even put a dent in that!  (not even funny right now) Sniff sniff.....Tear.to continue....BF ordered a regular cheese burger with mustard and crispy onion strings.  He said it was the best he's had in a long time.  He ordered a side of coleslaw and loved it.....and don't forget the "bottomless steakfries"...its what they advertise on TV.  ...and I am not even looking at the nutritional value of these! God help me here!  I have to say that I'm not a huge fan of steak fries but I ate a few anyway.  I've seen other reviews about the seasoning on the tables.  Nothing (at all) special to me.  The fries are dry anyway and the seasoning doesn't even stick.  So "eh" on the fries. Maybe I will substitute them next time-FOR SALAD (disgusted still).  BTW we didn't need bottomless as there were plenty that we didn't finish....Thank God!Customer service is outstanding.  The manager checked on our table several times.  Drinks never ran low and our server was super attentive in the midst of her many other tables.  I am often amazed when someone can juggle all that and still be pleasant and attentive.  I know.  Yes agreed...that's how it should be.Overall the place is fun, loud and perfect to bring your really boisterous family and friends to clog their arteries!  Enjoy THAT would ya!  =)
3	It's Red Robin. This just okay in terms of food, I don't end up here too often. Normally if I am here, I go for some onion rings, milkshakes or some fish and chips, sometimes a chicken sandwich. Is it weird I don't get burgers at a place with burger in the name? This last visit was just for a little bit of dessert, a salted caramel milshake which was pretty decent and I should have gotten a extra tin. Our server was pretty nice. Checked on us often. I don't come here often, but the milkshake was good enough that maybe I should.
3	Solid place for comfort food!  As the name says, RR serves burgers and fries and drinks.  I was extra hungry and craving something warm and tasty and easy, so RR fit the bill.  My Whiskey Jack BBQ chicken burger was yummy and gone within minutes and my steak fries were satisfyingly thick and salty and starchy.  (Bottomless fries!!)  We also got the red velvet cake which wasn't too bad for something taken out of the freezer.  While RR would not be my usual choice for dinner fare, it was fun and close by and convenient.  If you have picky friends, this place would be appealing and "safe."
5	The people are high energy, and great service, and always food is good.   Great family dining and clean.
4	I admit this review is about a week old but I wanted to leave it in regards to their To-Go service! Last Friday, I was too lazy to cook or go out-out and was craving a burger so I called this location and placed a To-Go order over the phone. When I arrived I told the hostess I was picking up and she sends me to the bar. So I go to the bar and he tells me to go to the hostess and ask for Sabrina. So then I go back to the silly girl and say hey I guess I'm looking for Sabrina and she gives me the homer simpson "doh" face and I assume she just might be new and still learning. Sabrina then confirms my order for me, asks for my loyalty card and makes my freckled lemonade to-go fresh! As much as I was in a hurry it did make me happy that my drink was fresh and not sitting there for 10 minutes. The transaction was smooth and of course I couldn't help but tip her for giving such great customer service! If you ever go to this location you better hope Sabrina is working otherwise you might be screwed haha
3	I have been dining at Red Robin at both here in Las Vegas and in Southern California since the mid 1990's. Over the years, little had changed. It was a family driven atmosphere with balloons, kitschy wall adornments, and a large fiberglass bird mascot in the dining room. Kids were welcomed with crayons and a small arcade. The kids menu was colorful and the menu was largely fried and burger based, and it was great. Unfortunately, times have changed and Red  Robin is going through a "modernization" of sorts. Gone are all the movie posters and even the fiberglass bird mascot. Now it is trying to be hip, cool, sleek and modern. Even the balloons and crayons are gone. It is trying to be a higher end gourmet burger place that seem to be the trend in the USA. I am not happy about the change and miss the way it used to be. On my last visit to the Red Robin in Centennial Center, the decor was modern boring. The kids menus were photocopied in black and white, and crayons were not offered. Service was not as quick as it used to be, though the food quality was the same as I remember. Overall, I miss the old Red Robin. That pretty much sums it up.
1	Worst time ever. Waited forever to order food at the empty bar. The waited 10 minutes to order my drink while part of my party all ready order his drink. Food took over an hour to get even a side. Then when the food came only 2/3 of the order came with like 3 fries on each plate and to top it off that was the extra .99 cents garlic fries, and my burger and fries where so burnt I only took two bits and boxed it and tossed it in the trash at home. They even took food off our check but ended up leaving a two part check combined into one check with the other party's food all for free while I was left with burnt garbage that I paid full for minus my birthday burger. What a great gift from red robins. This is the second time here and they where both terrible. Red robins use to be great now they just expensive burnt burgers.
5	We stopped eating here a few years ago because it was hard to get an allergy menu, but now they have a great food allergy menu on their website.  Our first time back, our server Dana was very knowledgeable about the menu...down to what ingredients go into them and how they are prepared.  She was amazing and helpful in making the right selection for our allergy needs.  And the food was great!We usually can't get fries anywhere because of cross contamination, but their fries are cooked in dedicated fryers.  Do we all enjoyed fries for a change!  They even had a gluten free bun for my burger (not listed on the menu, so ask when you go).
2	This is probably the third time I have tried this same restaurant over the course of 3 years and it still hasn't gotten any better. The chophouse burger was forgettable. The mushrooms and onion strings were a welcome accompaniment but still doesn't resurrect the overcooked tasteless beef patty.  My friend had a burger with pepper jack cheese and commented he didn't even know that it was pepper jack since the flavor was so bland. It seems to me that if you're going to overpay for burgers, at least they should taste like something! Our server was friendly and attentive, so that's the only reason it gets 2 stars.
2	I have been coming to this Red Robin for a little over 10 years. So the renovation in my opinion was much needed. But there have been A LOT of cons vs pros. My daughter and I came at 4:30pm on a Saturday. Problem #1 they placed very large dividers at the front waiting area. I believe they put these up so you can't see how many people are seated. We waited for 15 mins. There were a lot of people waiting and with the renovation, less chairs to wait. Problem #2 Yup looks like I was right, those dividers were hiding something alright, lots of empty seats! I don't understand why we needed to wait 15mins for seats when it wasn't even busy! Now I can understand if they are short staffed but from the looks of it, they are not. Problem #3 I asked our host if we could sit away from the TV so we could watch the game. I pointed out the brand new flaming red tables and chairs in the middle. The hostess said, "sorry sir, we are saving those (set of 5 tables and 10 chairs separated to create 5 seating areas and all completely empty) for larger parties." Really?! I didn't argue, I just pointed out a different table to watch the game. Problem #4 no server for 10 mins. Had to ask what looked to be a mgr  cleaning, to send someone over. She took the order herself. #5 got the kids menu but no crayons, hostess forgot them.  #6 finally introduced to our real server, she came by and said she will be helping us then walked away before I could say ok. This place doesn't feel kid friendly any more. This review went from 3 to 2 stars during the review. I have to say the food was just as good as it always is and I will be coming back but come on guys.Update: I did talk to the mgr on the way out and she is well aware of the problems I had and welcomed the feedback. She said she would address all of them. I'll Yelp again next time I am here.
2	We've been to Red Robin a handful of times and it just gets worse every time. For whatever reason, they remodeled the whole restaurant and took down all the cool movie posters they had on the walls. Even though there's less there, it feels more cluttered now. The tables are so close to each other that your basically sitting inches from the people next to you.Usually, the food isn't horrible. I've always had a soft spot for their steak fries. When they're done right, they are so good and you can't beat the perk of "bottomless" fries. This time around I went with a new burger on the menu, the smoke and pepper burger. I don't know what they did but it was terrible. The first bite I took, I felt like I literally just ate a spoonful of salt. It wasn't very hot either and the bottom bun was soggy so I think it was sitting for a while. We usually only come here when we have a group and no one can decide what to eat. It's been a while since we've been there so I can't be sure but I believe they raised their prices too. My burger was $14!!! Their service is always hit or miss too so hopefully it's a while before I get suckered into coming back!
4	I love coming here for burgers. Can't go wrong with bottomless fries. I always get their freckled limeade...and now they have the option of getting the limeade under 10 calories :).
3	We came at about the same day and time again. This time there was a different mgr with mostly the same set of issues. 1. No crayons and kids menu. 2. Waited 15 mins when told 5. 3. LOTS of empty seating. Mgr came over and had a different set of circumstances for what the issue was today.  Mostly people calling in sick. The server and food was perfect as always!
3	The burgers are good but the prices are a bit high. The good news is all the sandwiches and wraps come with bottomless fries yeah! Ask for the fries with no salt and you will get them hot every time. Then you can add their fry seasoning yourself! They have new dipping sauces for the fries. Most are free but a few are "premium" meaning they cost $$$. We tried all the free ones and my favorite was the house sauce it was kind of like a thousand island. I haven't been to RR in a long time but when I use to go they would always bring a basket of fries while you waited for your food. So when we asked the server about this she told us "we don't do that anymore you have to wait to get your meal first" why???? Honestly I'm glad we had a gift card otherwise we probably wouldn't have gone. And for 80 bux for a party of 4 ehhhhh i think I'll pass next time!
2	Ok so hit the wrong button on my last review and posted to soon. We sat down and looked at two tables that were dirty for entire meal. Then we got out
5	I went here with my girlfriend yesterday and I loved it. I always love their food- whoever cooked the food for Tuesday, it was amazing! Our server was also fantastic! She came back to check in with us every 5 minutes or so, just like how it should be! Overall, it was a great date night with fantastic service :)
4	Went with my mom for lunch. I got the Chili Chili Cheeseburger. Was good, but nothing special. We also ordered the hummus plate and some onion rings. My mom got the BBQ chicken salad, BBQ on the side. Waitress was good. Kept the drink refills going and even gave us refills to-go. About as much to be expected from this place for being a chain. It was clean and they even cleared a booth for us right away to sit at because we didn't want to sit at a regular table. Wouldn't go out of my way to go to a Red Robin, but would definitely be back if option comes about.
3	Meh, is it that hard to get a good burger? Yes, fries? Super hard. The burgers where ok, after expressively asking the waitress to make sure our fries where hot. They arrived cold, make that ice cold. The burgers where warm. Wish would have gone to in-n-out. Could have saved 60% off the bill and the fries would have been hot.
4	The drinks are excellent and are my favorite especially the pineapple chipotle margarita. The zucchini sticks are awesome also. They use whole real zucchini and quarter it. For me this does it all. The burgers are good satisfactory. But for me the drinks and zucchini are the best.
5	My family & I have been to this RR several times and have never had a complaint about their customer service, it's always been top notch......however tonight there was kinda a hiccup. The hostess who sat us was none to happy to be at work tonight. To start she didn't greet us as she led us to our table, didn't say two words, then she sat us at a dirty table. We asked her to wipe it down and she did but left it so wet that my husband had to flag her down and ask her for some napkins so we could dry it. She brought us the napkins and still did not say two words to us. Both my husband and I found it upsetting since we've never had any customer service issues at this location. At our first opportunity we asked to speak to the manager, he came promptly and we discussed our concerns with him. He understood our issues, promised us that he would coach the young lady offered to give us 25% off our meal, which we didn't ask for or expect, we were still planning on eating there we just wanted the problem to be addressed with her. He delivered our dinner himself, checked on us several times, even stopped and chatted and then told us he would take care of our entire bill!!! Needless to say we were shocked!  It was totally unexpected. The manager, Jim, and the server, Ashley, did an excellent job of turning a bad experience into a great one!
3	I'd have to be specifically craving Red Robin to eat at Red Robin. It's not the first place I think when I feel like burgers but when I'm on the Centennial Side of town & I don't feel like any other place, I end up here, just for the unlimited fries. LOL.Service has been on & off for me at this location. It's not consistent, which is understandable. Oh & that bottomless Rootbeer Float. Mmmmm. You got me. Stop it. Overall though, I wouldn't say it's my favorite spot but food is alright & I'm okay with that.
5	Harrison was our server - he kicked ass. RR Gourmet Burger $8.99 w/ GF bun +$1. Bottomless allergen-free fries cooked in a separate fryer. They also ask you how you'd like your burger - med or well-done. Beautiful art + decor on the walls and ceiling. Fantastic service. This is a location I would go out of my way for in the future. Thanks for the great GF options!
5	Wonderful service and food. Amy was a great waitress. She always check on us and really took care of are toddler.
5	Yum yum yum yum yuum.I love the fries. Today I tried the black and bleu burger, it was fantastic. I was shuttle disappointed because they ran out of soft serve soI couldn't get a shake, but other than that our waitress was very attentive to us and our food was brought to out table hot. Had a great experience.
1	We tried this place 3 different times and all 3 times it took forever for our food to come out and all 3 times our food was COLD!!! And to top it off service is horrible!!! On 3/12/14 we wanted to give this place another chance because we wanted to support Darnell elementary. So we did and again food took forever and our food was cold. We a kids chicken strip which was overcooked and cold. We also got a kids cheese pizza which was undercooked (doughy)and cold. We also got a blue burger which was soggy and cold. The only thing that was hot was the bottomless fries (which was really good, got to give the credit for that) I'm sorry but never again.
1	I have been dining at Red Robin for many years. Unfortunately the service at the Centennial location was horrible. Bethany, our server, was slow, rude, and dismissive. Every time we asked a question, we got vague, half-answers and an annoyed demeanor. I love the food, but I don't know if I can give it another chance.
2	Every time I go hear it is so packed with screaming children and a 30 minute wait. As horrible as it sounds I would rather have a burger from in n out. Its just fine. Nothing that special. You go there for like a quick meal when nothing else is open. It's good. Good French fries. Just can't get the pasted the screaming children.
1	This was the first and last time that I will go to Red Robin.  The waitress, named Katie, was terrible.  The restaurant was only half full, but she took forever to come to our table.    I ordered a black and blue burger. It was just awful and terribly over-priced,  even the tea tasted bad,  I actually left thirsty.  I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
1	I just can't with this place any more.  Red Robin used to be a fun family place, then they tried to make it upscale and got rid of the games, kids coloring pages, large balloons, fun posters etc....  I've never thought the food was that great, but the shakes are awesome and the kids used to like it. Going in there now is the utmost test in patience and tolerance.  The service is horrible (more because they seem understaffed than because the servers are inept), and there are fewer menu options and higher prices.  The number of kids in there and the noise level will drive you to drink; but not there, because the glasses are dirty and the manager will tell you that boogers on the glasses are just scratches.  Oh, and the bathroom is disgusting. If there is no soap and the trash is overflowing, then I'm not sure any of the employees are going in there let alone washing their hands.  In my opinion, Red Robin turned their backs on their customer base by trying to upgrade and make it more adult. I would never go there with all adults and it's not really fun for kids anymore.  Thanks but no thanks.
3	I saw 3 different food runners attempt to deliver food to the wrong tables just at bar. And in the last 3 times we've been here the bar has been absolutely FREEZING. 2 separate couples went out to their cars after the fact to grab coats. If you come bring a jacket.
4	Sometimes the wait is a little long. The food is good American style. I really like this place.
2	Went there last night to celebrate my son's track meet. Got there about 9 pm so after the dinner rush. We were seated right away... at the absolute filthiest table I have ever sat at. The entire floor in that section of the restaurant was covered in garbage. There were 4 tables that sat with dirty dishes for at least 30 minutes. Our waitress that we started with told us that she was being sent home. But she stayed and served the table next to us for the remainder of the night. Our waitress was good, and the food was good, which is the only reason they got 2 stars. The bathrooms were also filthy and the trash probably had not been emptied in hours. The guy I saw bussing tables did half a table and then left to do God knows what. My husband (who loves Red Robin food as much as I do) said we likely won't be going back. This place belongs in the worst part of the East side.
4	I'm all about the Bleu Ribbon burger and the seasoning for the fries.  I am dying to try a beer shake!
4	Red Robin is known for their burgers and they really do makae a mean burger.  Ironically, burgers were not the primary reason I went in to Red Robin last week.  It was Cinco de Mayo and I really wanted a margarita and some Mexican food.  My dreams were quickly dashed when I passed up on two restaurants because of the corwded parking lots and busy mad house dining rooms.  I saw the Red Robin next to the Michoacan restaurant and figured they would have a bar that could serve me up a margarita and would perhaps not be too busy.  My hunch paid off and I got my margarita and dinner with little wait.  Since I was hoping for Mexican food and that is not he specialty of Red Robin  I went with the next best thing and ordered a guacamole bacon burger.  It did not look like much when it came out to me but you really cannot judge a book by its cover.  This burger was superb.  the guacamole was there and delicious without overwhelming the rest of the burger components. I was able to taste each topping as well as the awesome beefiness of the patty.  I could taste the char and it reminded me of a 4th of July backyard BBQ.  Oh, the memories that came flooding back to my mind.  All with one simple bite of a burger.  I don't know why I don't do this more often.
3	Service is good overall. The have happy hour all day. The food is not healthy, but treats great! The Blue Ribbon burger is delicious. My bf liked his colossus burger. The fries are decent,  but love that they have a range of dipping choices for them.
5	I come in about once or twice a month. Service here is always impressive. I've never had a bad experience. Food is consistent. And, their email club sends out lots of coupons.
4	Red Robin is a family favorite for us. I am a fan because they have a nice menu selection and they always seem to move quickly from the initial wait to be seated, if there is one at all, to getting your food.I also like that they have had the same menu since forever, so you always know what to expect, and then of course, you just can't beat bottomless steak fries! My hubby always orders a basket of fries right when we are seated and then he just keeps them coming! This always keeps the kids busy and happy and it beats having to order an appetizer! I will say, I do miss the old baskets and the way they would wrap the burgers, not so much down with the new motif of everything now, but the food is still the same so I can let it slide. Another bonus is having the Rewards card because you get a point every time you order a meal, and at 10 points you get a free meal. That adds up really quickly. Plus you get a free meal on your birthday and you can register the kids for free birthday meals too, and that's not to mention all the bonus coupons and freebies they email you! Plus R.R. is originally from Seattle and I always say everything amazing comes from Washington State :-)
4	Well I decided to give this place a go, I am glad that I did! First off they have great service and are very friendly, we got seated immediately as we were over 21 and went to the bar area. We got the short stack of onion rings (6 rings) and was a lot for me and my lady. The ranch and "secret" sauces are great compliments to the onion rings which were hot, crispy, and a good flavor. I had the collossus burger with fries and my lady had the bleu ribbon burger with a BOCA burger substitute and broccoli.  Its great to see that red robins offers the likes of BOCA burgers and gardenburgers as substitutes at no extra cost!  The wait was minimal and the food arrived hot. The steak fries are awesome and the broccoli was also great, especially being bottomless made it all that much better! My burger (collossus) had a burger, brisket, grilled onions, and two types of sauces from what I was reading and it was great! Nice burger flavor, the brisket was tender (could have used a little more brisket but great non the less) the onions were sweet and caramelized to greatness. The colossus was a definite win!! My ladies bleu ribbon burger with a BOCA burger was awesome!! The BOCA tasted very mild compared to a regular burger so the flavors of the supporting ingredients (onions straws, steak sauce, chipotle aioli, lettuce, tomatoes, and bleu cheese) really stood out and had a big taste profile which would almost been forgotten with a regular beef burger. It has been 6+ yrs since ive had red robins and im glad to say that the product is the same and they still have great burgers. Give five guys, in-n-out, and carls jr a break and head on over and see what you think as I hope your experince will be as good as mine!
1	What a waste of money, burgers stink fries are horrible. I could've spent less money and got a better burger at inn n out. I don't know what all of the hype is about. Will meet step foot in a red robin again, I'd rather eat dog food.
4	I am not a burger fan - however it's been awhile since I've dined here. They have extended their menu including a delicious chicken teriyaki sandwich. The fried zucchini was awesome - beer battered and thick zucchini. My family members ordered burgers which they all loved, my mom loving the sweet potato fries and sis, loving the garlic fries - both bottomless. Another plus - the meals are served on plates - not a basket. Give it another try if you haven't.
4	Good... definitely worth it for the burgers but if you're going to come to the centennial hills location definitely try to get SHANNON as a server - he's amazing.  Management material for sure...
3	Food was good but endless frys is a lie. Once served. waitress never returned untill it was pay time. It wasn't even busy...
1	Ordered a whiskey river bbq burger medium well, got served a patty that was cooked fine on one side but the other was charred to the point it was inedible due to the taste. The bottomless fries were thin, hard and almost stale...this is out of the norm as a year ago this place was actually pretty good, not now. With smash burger down the street there's no point to come here, especially due to their policy of no legal firearms on their premises.  Guess they don't realize signage holds no weight in Nevada and they must think criminals won't walk past that sign.  Their loss five guys or smash burger it is.
4	We love this place! We come at least once a month.  You can never go wrong with "bottomless fries"  as an appetizer and distractor for the kids.  The burger selection is good and service is always prompt and friendly.  I recommend signing up for there frequent diner card to earn free burgers for purchases and a birthday burger as well.
4	Haven't been in for a while and was craving the A1 steakhouse burger. Had a few issues with cross contamination (avacado smears on my bun) husband is allergic to avacado and was gonna share. Other minor issues. Brought it to to attention to the manager was not expecting him to cover our bill. Server was awesome. Manager was amazing!  Thanks
3	They get 3 stars becAuse the food is consistent and good. There service though is sooooo hit and miss which is why they don't get 5 stars. When it is a miss it's absolutely horrendous and tonight wasn't even our servers fault necessarily. They just didn't have enough servers. We had to wait 10 minutes alone just to get a drink order. Then it took setting our glasses up on the center shelf just to get a refill. I half expect that kind of service on a weekend, but a Wednesday night is ridiculous. It makes me want to drive farther just so I can get better service at another location.
4	Red Robin is a family favorite. I would give Red Robin chain a 4-5, but my last eperience, I would give this location a 3 maybe. But I have been here in the past with better experiences. So I'm giving a VERY GENEROUS 4. The service was great! The food wasn't great this time.They did a remodel in the last year, and I have to say I do NOT like it. They went for a more fancy/classy feel...and it totally takes away from the family atmosphere you expect from Red Robin!
4	It's Red Robin.  My kids love the place. I am burned out but the good is okay for the price. Servers are always friendly. It's hit or miss on the crying baby or screaming kid in a near by booth so good luck. They recently changed their deco to get away from the kid style theme that they had. I guess they are trying to be modern, but it's still burgers and salads.
4	I like the decor, spent awhile just peering around at all the cool stuff on the wall and ceiling. Have always loved their burgers, and the bottomless fries with the multitudes of dipping sauces are simply awesome! I recently went for my birthday and had an amazing server! It was incredibly busy and loud but he was still timely and checked up often, we never had to try and get his attention. I don't think he was an employee of theirs but there was also a gentleman going around making and giving out balloon animals/shapes, he was absolutely terrific with my nephew and even had me laughing, he was definitely the icing on the already amazing cake for this experience.
1	WOW, a lot of changes...for the worst! The burgers were terrible! We used to love Red Robin! Now it sucks! There is an apparent shortage of napkins and silverware as well! WTF?!?!?!
5	We came around 5:30pm and were seated right away.  Our server was excellent and so was the food. Will definitely be back again!
3	A screaming circus of children and poor service combined with cold food and over cooked fries. I could have went to McDonald's for this.
5	this place is the best.  The managers are always working their butt off and they have the best customer service i have seen in a long while.  There food is amazeballs! And the prices are very resonable and the portions are good! I am very surprised that this is what we are getting from a restuarant chain!
5	Came here on a Friday evening with my brother, it was quite busy but expected since it was a Friday. The wait was 30 minutes which seemed to pass by quickly. My sever was Kory, she saw us within 5 minutes of being seated. She got our order for drinks and came back and asked if we had any questions about the menu. It was really busy this night we came, so when she came back with drinks we decided to order knowing it would take a minute for our food to arrive. Although the restaurant being busy she made a point to come see us and see if we could use a refill on our drinks and told us our food should be out shortly. There was a Dodger game going on so we were occupied for the mean time waiting on our food. Our food didn't take too long and Kory came to check on us here and there to see if we needed anything. The food was great, you can never go wrong with a burger here and need to mention the bottomless fries. What made the experience great was having excellent service from our server Kory! She made an effort to come check on us even though she had a load of other guest to help.
5	The food was excellent, but what made this lunch experience exceptional was our server, Harrison. He greeted us as we entered and sat us at a table we requested. When we realized the table location was unacceptable, Harrison immediately reseated us. He took care of us throughout our lunch. He provided additional plates without asking. We left Red Robin with the best feeling we have had with service at a restaurant. Harrison was terrific and made our dining experience one of our best ever.
5	Gluten free burger buns!!!!  Need I say more. Any of their burgers can be made with their gluten free burger bun.  And the steak fries are gluten free not powdered with flour for crisping. They have a full menu of gluten free items on the red Robin website.  I really missed a complete burger.  Wrapping it in Lettuce was very sad and sloppy.
1	Terrible and rude service, disappointing.  Friend applied and had interview, Red Robin didn't even have the courtesy to call back.... Food was cold and undercooked, appetizer was decent.  Too many place to eat at, be treat well, get great food and tip 25% that we are comfortable tipping when the restaurant deserves it.  This one did not.  Highly unrecommended.
5	Best location in vegas!Not only great burgers, but the best customer service that I have ever had!They were slammed and everything was still awesome!
4	Great food for a large corporate burger chain. The portions are large, their sauces are great. Love the onion rings and the burgers are delicious. The prices are reasonable as well. Service is on point. Never have to wait too long for a refill on drinks or the bottomless fries. Overall...great place to dine.
3	THIS RED ROBIN FLIES ABOVE 3.5 STARS   The Red Robin came to life in Seattle many years ago in 1969 as a gourmet burger restaurant. From that one restaurant, the Red Robin has flown across the American and Canadian landscape landing in several cities to take the casual dining customer under its wings. From the Pacific to the Atlantic, Red Robin has treated customers to an upbeat casual dining experience featuring a menu of gourmet burgers, specialty sandwiches, appetizing adult beverages, and dessert. In recent times, the Red Robin is soaring above some of its competition with thier bottomless fries.   Over twenty years have flown by since I last visited the Red Robin back in New York. I remember enjoying the food, but Long Islanders at the time did not take to the Red Robin causing it to relinquish it's space in the Smith Haven Mall to TGI Friday's. Twenty years later and last week, my brother and I were walking around the new-sprung Downtown Summerlin and took notice that a Red Robin is arriving the second week of November. So, yesterday after my brother and I left Floyd Lamb State Park (or Tulle Springs), it was in the top of my mind to have dinner in the Centennial Center Red Robin. And that is what we did.   When we walked into the relatively large waiting room, the attentive hostess let us know that there was a booth or table in the lounge, which is one of the two rooms in the restaurant, that she walked us to. The lounge features a bar and two large screen monitors that were at the time of the visit showing the NFL Green Bay verse Chicago game. At 9 P.M. on a Sunday the room was as quiet as a robin.   The pages of the menu displayed several burger sandwiches including the gourmet burger. My mind was set on fish and chips. These days I have been in the mood for fish and chips. Red Robin did not let me down. The three pieces of breaded fish had the right texture and crunch. The fish was the way I like it. I'd squeeze the lemons over the fish before dipping them in tarter sauce. But where was the Cole slaw? If there was that delicious Cole slaw that many restaurants serve with fish and chips, this red robin could of been flying above four stars. Where they scrimped on the Cole slaw, they were generous with the bottomless fries and Coke. Our easygoing waiter Landon was on the eight ball with the fries refills. He was kind enough to give us a portion to take home. The fries exceeded my expectations. In all honesty I thought they would be filler. The Red Robin bottomless fries is both quantity and quality. The fish and chips with bottomless Coke was worth $19 when you add in the upbeat atmosphere and good service.   Just like a red robin, the sky is the limit for the Las Vegas casual dining customer. The fact that I plan to return to Red Robin is testimony that they are doing something right. As I write this, a Red Robin is about to hatch in Downtown Summerlin by mid November. In a few weeks or less, I see a sequal Red Robin dining adventure in their newest location at Downtown Summerlin.
1	Negative stars isn't a option so one will suffice !! First off your sign says gourmet burgers and beers ! That is a lie , they had no beer on tap besides coors light and bud light , no IPA's no stouts etc.. Beer menu is sad , beer glass came out and was dirty , hamburger came out and was cold , will never go back here , should've just went to BJ's to begin with !
4	I hate that they changed the recipe for the garlic fries..they use dry seasoning now and it's terrible.. Kati the bartender is very helpful and a hard worker..
5	This review is for the bartender. Red robin has good food, no big deal. With a chain company, we know what food to expect, it's the customer service that makes us decide to come back. First, the host, an adorable little blond girl, was super sweet. When another person forgot my fries, she was all over making it it right. I'm allergic to citric acid, and Kati is one of the few who knew what that meant. She forgot to request no salsa on my burger (tomatoes=citric acid) but this doesn't make me think any less of her. She immediately took accountability for forgetting and got me a new burger, even though I forgot to request no salsa. Then, there was a hair in my food. But the manager immediately took care of that too. So mind you, my experience didn't go smoothly but it was handled perfectly. They were crazy busy and Kati was the only bar tender for the entire restaurant and she owned it. Response, fast, and still kept up with her own tables. People don't appreciate people like her as much as they should!
4	I hate that they changed the recipe for the garlic fries..they use dry seasoning now and it's terrible.. Kati the bartender is very helpful and a hard worker..
4	My girlfriend and I ordered the fiery ghost Burger. The size was excellent the portions on the fries were good and was endless we love the campfire sauce. Our server was Jackie or Jessica forget the name honestly but we sat in the bar so she was serving us in the bar excellent waitress, just ordered water nd arrived quickly ... overall it was a good atmosphere they redid the place from the last time we visited lil bit more modernized overall we will be back again.
5	We always put in an order for pickup. Therefore, I can't comment on the service or atmosphere really. The bartenders who help with the pick up are always super nice though. The food is spot on every time. We love Red Robin, and I can't pass up a good guacamole bacon burger.
4	All we expected and wished a great meal and experience could be.
