2	Decided to check Gameworks on their opening day. They were giving out 2 free hour game cards with a purchase of a $12 card (54 credits) because they were experience problems, which is a nice gesture. By problems that meant that half of the games weren't working. I went to the MGM location when it was open and honestly this location doesn't even come close. There are very little games and it doesn't help that most of them were down and the area is really small. Staff is very nice though. Their systems went completely down around 9:30pm and that's when my boyfriend and I decided to leave. What this Gameworks has that the old one didn't is an Esports area where you can play PC games like League of Legends and World of Warcraft. I get the concept of this idea, but you can stay home and play these games and this space could've been utilized for more games. I'll give this place another chance when they've had time to straighten out their kinks.
2	The Gameworks at townsquare was such a disappointment. They barely had any good games and is smaller than the original gameworks. They could have fit in more games if they left out the bowling and restaurant area that nobody was using. Oh well...the best game in my opinion was the Family Guy pinball game.
3	A little disappointed with GameWorks. Granted I haven't had any alcohol or food there yet, so they might still be able to earn a star, but.. It was pretty big for where it was located. There is a bar, restaurant, bowling lanes, a computer game room, and a tiny, tiny counter in front of the prize area. Not to mention a pretty large area of general games. Opening was fun. They had a little deal going on for $12 that was pretty sweet. Now, I know that a lot of little kiddies come to TS to play and such, but the kind of games that were there...it was a little disappointing. I expected way better games and a better variety. Of course, some games were closed because they weren't giving out prizes or tickets at opening, but that was to be expected given the foot traffic they got. Though, I thought they would at least have a small raffle or something~! Some of the best things that were there were the shooting games, racing games, the virtual reality roller coaster pod, and the 4D Haunted House game!
1	40% of games were out of order...on their first Saturday?  Trying to redeem card points is awkward at best. You walk into their retail room and hopefully someone will ask you if you want to see what you can get!  We had to ask to find out how many points we had.  Redemption is fair, at best. Games aren't great, most don't work.  Restaurant is large and expensive.  Pretty disappointing in comparison to the Gameworks we had on The Strip.
2	Where to start... I ordered a sandwich from their very limited lunch menu and when my food arrived it was not what I ordered and instead of fixing the situation, our server argued with me about how I ordered my sandwich. I'm sorry, but when I say chicken club that doesn't mean BLT on any planet.The games situation... The space looks enormous, however looks can and in this case are deceiving. The assortment of games is very small and the ones that most patrons want to play are broken. Beware of unruly, unsupervised children! I get it, it's an arcade-- that doesn't mean the Gameworks staff or other patrons are your babysitter.
1	Okay before i start this let me say that I AM glad that gameworks is back.  After nearly 3 years i really really....REALLY missed having it around.Now let me begin...First off, this place was a bigger letdown than i could've ever imagined. There couldn't possibly be any more than 45 arcade games on the game floor. The space that could be used to fit more game machines is currently taken up by over-optimistic restaurant space, unused party/banquet rooms and fancy looking walls. As it is at any gameworks a nice percentage of games were broken....but the difference between this gameworks and the others is that there's not much else to choose from....remember there's not even 50 machines on the floor which leads to my next complaint....a 2-3 person line to play literally any game on the floor. I'm not one to complain about waiting his turn, but this is a first for me at a gameworks. Arcade favorites like sonic the fighters, afterburner climax, marvel vs. Capcom, mortal kombat, street fighter, need for speed, f1 Ferrari challenge, and many many others are all MISSING from the roster. They used to be at the gameworks on the strip....i just don't understand why they wouldn't be here. The ticket/prize games are usually separated at most gameworks locations. Since this one is soooo tiny, they all just blend together. The prize redemption area is soooo small. I was tripping over small children and a couple of large, buff, angry dudes. Very uncomfortable...i never even got to choose my prize. More tickets for next time i suppose... Oh, and gamer beware. Many games will deduct points and the game will never acknowledge that you payed. Luckily the managers were able to see the cards swipe history and refund the card. in comparison to any other gameworks in the country....This game floor gets an F. The e-sports room is passable....literally...you can pass right by it and not even notice it's there. Its a decent price to rent an xbox and tv but honestly the game roster is small. I'm not sure if you can bring your own or not. Theres a total of 4 stations with televisions. Imho they should have at least 7 or 8 but that's just my two cents. They have a 60pc lan party...which is 40 less than what was advertised last year. Which reminds me...they told us on the gameworks facebook and website that there would be a laser tag arena.....which...there is none. Very disappointing. The e-sports will definitely bring in revenue. It just needs more games and console/tv stations. The e-sport section gets a C.The bowling ally and pool table area is nice. And it has its own bar which is cool since you don't have to leave to goto the game floor for a drink. You rent your shoes at the door. The alley lanes are very narrow compare to say...the station casinos. They're basically miniature bowling lanes....i haven't played on the lanes yet so its not really fair for me to review it. Id say a B just because it exists.Lastly, the overall service and restaurant. I didn't eat at the restaurant yet...and i don't believe i ever will. Allow me to explain. I asked the bartender at the bowling center for a glass of water. He immediately tells me itll be "a while" before he can serve me the water. Which is fine....note that he had a group of 3 people to serve before me and as soon as he was done serving them..."a while" never came for me. No biggie. I guess good service is reserved for paying bar patrons. After spending 100 on points (which is ridiculous. I've never spent more than 40 bucks at any gameworks and i usually get hours of entertainment!) you'd think you would be treated half as decently as a hole in the wall bar. Later on i noticed i was hungry and i wanted something light, so i grabbed some wetzels pretzels which isn't far from gameworks.....BIG MISTAKE. I was just about halfway through my pretzel and walking back into gameworks when i was met with the most absurd statement: "we don't allow outside food. Sorry." excuse me? I just spent how much money.....to play broken games?! I'm sure you wont mind if i finish my pretzel while i walk through your precious, oversized restaurant past your pitiful, undersized gamefloor, and get in my car. Service gets a D. Worst gameworks experience I've ever had. I have been going to various gameworks locations since i was 9 years old. I'm 26 now. I've never seen anything like this. It's as if they only care about making money. I wish sega never sold gameworks to espn. I hope this helps them make better decisions in the future and fall back to their former glory! Long live gameworks!  i give them six months to add more games before i write them off my hangout spots list.
3	Oh man, I'm torn on this place. I used to go to the GameWorks on the Strip when I was kid. I mean, I even remember going to the original grand opening and losing mind because it was so amazing, two stories of video games! That's a lot for a 14-year-old boy to handle. Now this new GameWorks location is in Town Square and it's not like the one of yesteryear, but more of a sports bar fused with a Chuck E. Cheese. They added a few new things like a full bowling alley, which looks amazing, a huge bar for the alcoholic pinball lovers, and a few hundred TVs. I like the lay out here also; there are two main entrances on each side of the building, which is super convenient, and the length of the bar is great because I don't like feeling like I'm sitting on the guy next to me. The have an okay mix of games, but I feel like they need to incorporate more of the classics. They have "Donkey Kong" and "Centipede", plus a few others, but this isn't enough of the old school favorites. I hate to say it, but my age and demo will be the main customers frequenting this place and if you don't up the nostalgia factor here you might be setting yourself up for the ultimate, GAME OVER. The other side of this is most "little" kids or hardcore gamers would rather stay in their room and play "Call of Duty" with some other kid from Germany. They don't want to be bothered with socializing or paying for something they already have at home. I'm voting for Super Mario 3!Once I was done playing Skee-Ball and destroying some T-1000s on the Terminator shooter game I needed something in my belly. I still had stuff to do that day so I ordered a Cesar salad and some fries, you know...keeping it lite. These were good by "Barcade" standards. The salad was big and fresh and the french fries came with this cocktail sauce infused ketchup, pretty tasty! Of course I had to order a cocktail before I left, "One Moscow Mule please". (keeping it lite) This was actually the shining light of my visit. Sweet, tangy, and refreshing with just enough vodka and ginger. All in all, it was an OK experience and I feel like they are still working out some of the kinks, hence the three star rating. It's definitely not the GameWorks that was stuck in my memory, but I will be back to give it a second chance. Plus, who else will dominate all the little kids on the Pac-Man Air Hockey game.
1	Gameworks Las Vegas, an institution dedicated to the enjoyment of arcade games, good food, and an overall good time. After the length that this location took to open I was expecting so much more. When gameworks on the strip closed we were promised a new location with everything that the old location had and more. But they failed to deliver. As an avid arcade goer I was excited for the opening up of this location. Many of the games were broken and for a new location that is a real shame. I know I'll come back to try it again. But for now, I'll keep my distance
1	New and improved Gameworks? Not so much. The previous location might have been dirty and dark but it had more to offer than this location.There are a handful of racing games but each games were double quadrants compared to quadrupole quadrants. What my boyfriend and I found were that even if we played the same game, we could never play together because it never synced. They also offer a handful of newer games such as bejeweled, Operations, Deal or No Deal, and games you find at Chuck-E-Cheese or arcades in hotels. It was very disappointing because i did want to play a couple of my favorite games but they were all broken down. I understand it's their first weekend opening, but they should have all their machines working for at least the first week. I also found that they're prizes weren't that great for me to want to try to win anything. The new location has an ESport, which I don't really understand, but it's like an Internet cafe type feel where you can play League of Legends, and the Xbox. I understand people might go out and pay an hour for $5 or 5 hours for $20 to play with friends but other than that it seems unreasonable. This location also includes bowling but it's fairly small and seemed pretty empty with little seats.The prices for bowling were:After 4pm weekdays: $6 adults/game + $4 shoe rentalsBefore 4pm weekdays : $5 adults/game + $4 shoesWeekends: $7adults/game + shoes.Overall, I prefer the old Gameworks, which was just arcades, a bit of pool, and 4D games (the real 4D NOT escape the from the dead 4D) This Gameworks is just another Jillian's.
3	Gameworks. When you hear that it should sound like a dream to everyone. The former Gamewirks that was on the Strip was a wonderful attraction. It had hundreds of games in a large space as well as a rock climbing wall that was transformed into an area for more games. When the original closed in Spring 2012, it was pretty heartbreaking. There were no real arcade places around Las Vegas that was on the level of Gameworks. This new TownSquare Gameworks is a degrader. It's far more smaller which was a huge disappointment. There were a few games that were attractive such as the 3-D zombie game, basketball, football, a fighter jet simulator, a computer gaming area, and the bowling alley. Everything else was more for the younger children running around. There is also a bar for the adults to relax which is nice for them. There is a new "Recharge Center" to reload credit into your card which is needed for the games, which is great. Other than that I wish this place was larger and beeds more games.
3	It's a nice addition to Town Square but VERY pricey.  Not enough actual arcade games. And some are already broken or not working yet. Bar and restaurant area is too big, takes up half of the place. Bowling is $5 per game and $4 for shoes. Needs a lot of work to get out all the kinks to make this a great local spot.
2	2 Star rating on average? Seems about right.I've been to the old gameworks on the strip, which was pretty old and dank, but was two stories.I don't see them having enough business to pay for the strip's rent, so I understand.Moving to the Town Square is a great move.Pros: - Love that they were open until midnight. Went to a movie at 10:45 and wanted to kill time before.-It was pretty fun -The prizes really are better than most places (keep in mind, most prizes are for kids, and kids love these weird prizes)-Bowling looked pretty cool, didn't see prices thoughNew ticket system could be seen as pro or con.All tickets go back on the cardCons:-NOTHING FREAKING WORKS. I mean seriously. You just opened.There is about 7 basketball games, only two worked.-Operator didn't work (wish I could play that)-2 wheel spinning games didn't work-Spaceballs worked and then would flash out of order, then work again.-Tetris style game didn't work-A couple of games ate our game card points and didn't work-A few more games didn't work.A total of about 1/3 of the games didn't work which is pretty lame since it is really busy in there.-It definitely should be bigger with more games.-The gameperks doesn't work here because "their system isn't synced"-They are very very slow. Workers took a long time to load points on the cards, one time was out of printer paper and wouldn't let people buy cards for about 20 minutes.-VIP members have different credit pricing but we can't get the VIP member pricing?We spent quite a bit of money here for a birthday.About $130 and got about 8,000 tickets (which are all kept on the card)Used 3200 for a giant lego pillow (cooler prizes than most places)Don't know if we will be back
2	Rip off!!! I was looking forward to this place for a year, total disappointment. Any arcade on the strip is just as good if not better. Over priced games! Very small areas, everyone was cramped tight and I almost lost my composure in there due to the fact that the arcade area is so small and when playing skee ball was afraid to play with confidence due to trying to a avoid bumping in to someone while playing. Lines for a lot of games and not many choices to pick and play from made it not fun. Will not be coming back spent 27$ for 20 min of very annoying and frustrating entertainment. And some of their games are not working.
1	Wow! A waste if space! Most of atleast 20% of the games were out of order! Did you it did you not just open? It was way WAY over priced! They are sneaky about the way they do it too! Most games cost more then a dollar a piece! The place is set up horrible! Destiny is it will fail! Your no longer on the strip your in a local mall!  20 bucks 100 points a game takes 9 points 11 games 20 bucks! And we're talking a stupid ticket game that's over in 20 seconds! Same crap at chuck e cheese 20 cents....... No kidding!
2	I was honestly expecting a lot more from these guys having been to the original GameWorks on the Strip. First off, let me start off with the arcade game selection. Not much of a looker. Compared to the old GameWorks, the selection is a fraction of what used to be and half the games weren't functioning correctly either. Also the useless bar/restaurant area composes half of this GameWorks. That's right, they put more effort into building an eatery rather than getting decent GAMES. The E-Sports arena was pretty decent and the bowling area looked cool as well.Be prepared to spend at least $20+ if you wish to have a decent experience as the GameWorks cards no longer work by hours. They work by a points system instead and the games range between 4-11 points. Overall, these guys need improvement if they wish to retain their former glory.
1	My boyfriend took his son and I here over the weekend after shopping, more for his son. He was super excited because we use to tell him every week we would be going soon since they were under construction and asked like everyday. I don't know how to put it but  Jayden a 7 year old boy wanted out after 20 minutes and he had a $50 card we bought him. Most of the games he wanted to play were broken, or didn't count tickets properly. He also was very upset when he noticed no tickets came out of any of the games. My bf convinced him to stay so we had dinner. The highchair was dirty and seemed old already, dining room just a bunch of tables crouched together although not many were eating it still was awkward. The food was listed as something you would get at a higher end place and priced too high while feeling like your in a bar with a lot of noise. The tv's were nice but it just doesn't match the feel. We picked at the food, we weren't expecting anything too fancy and we were right, better than fast food but, bland, couple things missing from what the menu listed and cold fries. J played no more games, but we still had most the points on the card, he took like 10 minutes to use up the whole $50. The prices are way too high, dinner for 2 plus a kid $50 plus the card $50 it just isn't what we expected. So over it that we weren't even going to wait in line for a prize so we just went and got some candy next store for J. O well. We won't be back but disappointed because we were excited for this.   The next day we just wanted him to at least experience something he would like and tried press start gaming and he was back to smiling.
2	This place has a LONG way to go before it's worth the money, so I will spare them the one star review....for now. This location is about 1/3 the size of their others.  The Seattle location puts this place to shame.  We got two hours of free play, but half the games were not working.   I paid $54 for 400 credits for future use.  The menu looks appetizing, but way too expensive.  I got one draft beer and it was $7!  The best part of this location?  It is right across the sidewalk from Yard House.  We will likely use GameWorks as entertainment for our kids while my wife and I hit happy hour at Yard House.  Unless they come up with a happy hour with major discounts, I will never buy food or drink here.  Without drastic improvements this location will become the hangout for kids waiting for their movie at AMC, and that will mean once my 400 credits run out, my card will be permanently filed in the circular canister.
1	Opening day everything was broken. 2nd time I went nothing has changed. The esports lan center is too narrow And the byoc area is not that big and $5 and hour too expensive. Bar was ok and bowling area is too small. Maybe next time think about how you can improve.
4	This Gameworks is awesome there's great games food bowling pool and even esports where you can play PC games and console games and a pretty good selection of prizes you can buy with points or what they call tickets and all the employees iv meet have been super nice and helpful for the most part.I'm glad that Las Vegas is putting money back into places for kids and teens to enjoy and not just for adults. It's at a really easy location to get to and away from the busy hassle of the strip.The old Gameworks on the strip was a great place but let's get real it was dying and had to be updated. I understand people's complaints about waiting and the lack of games but it's 2014 and we have to be realistic. And if your gonna be one of those people to complain about oh the lack of games cry about it.. I bet you only went to the old game works once or twice a year. If your going to be stuck up about it go try and find some where else with all the awesomeness build in one place.. And when you do please let me know.. But till then Long Live Gameworks!- Bart Sampson
1	Wow- I am not even sure how to write a review on this one.... literally all I can say is that I was very underwhelmed and disappointed!I was expecting so much more....
1	Horrible service...Disgusting food...prices are crazy for the small portion they serve you.
3	First time in a long time since I came back to Gameworks. The last time I've been here was when they had one on the strip next to M&M World.  I've seen nothing new except the bowling and they have billards.  It looked similar to Insert Coins.  Because they have a bar and gaming consoles for you to play on too.  I didn't like the new payment method where you have to get a prepaid card to swipe to play a game.  I like the old fashion pay with quarters.  I like they have an internet cafe where you can LAN party with your friends.  All in all, it's not that bad.
2	The ony thing i could think of was the same level of disappointment that i had when i visited the new wet n wild location last year... What is with these companies closing their locations down and making locals wait years for a new establishment that has less to offer than their previous location? Terrible way to earn your old customers back. Seems like a trend happening in Vegas and its really doing bad for tourism when all the companies are just penny-pinching and reopening shitty locations. Dont reopen if you can't deliver!
1	Horrible, overpriced, dirty and most of the games are broken. The prizes are not even worth trying to win. The food is discusting aswell. I really expected alot more than this. The old gameworks on the strip was so much better. NEVER stepping foot in this place again and I don't reccomend anyone to stop by here. I thought all these reviews were exaggerating but trust me they are not. I was so dissapointed I left and just went to the NEW YORK NEW YORK Arcade.
1	Very disappointed with the "New and Improved" GameWorks. I do understand it is a smaller location from there last, but its so cramped in there. Usually lines for arcades that dont even work right. Over-priced. Just not a place where I would spend my day with friends.
1	We went here for the first time last night. We decided to sit at the bar. The bar was not busy in the least bit and there were 4 people working behind the bar. It took 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us. After that, another 5 minutes to take our drink orders. After we ordered, we watch the bartender as he scrambled to figure out where everything was. Our drinks were simple, not fancy at all, one vodka soda and a whiskey coke. After looking for a couple of minutes, he comes back and tells me that they're out of the vodka I wanted, so I quickly picked another. He took about 4 minutes to make each drink. After sitting for 30 minutes at a half empty bar, we finally got our drinks. If this is the way the service will go, we will not be returning and I'm sure it will not create any repeat customers.
2	So going to have to side with the majority of ratings now and give only 2 stars. I was definitely expecting more since it moved from the MGM location to Town Square. I personally think the old location had more to offer and that this one needs more "punch" to really get people in. There was not enough newer games out on the floor and I can see that they are trying to copy Dave & Busters theme. A lot of dated machines and maybe they can add some pool tables in the dining area to give other options. I left a little underwhelmed and hope they do more with the space.
4	I don't care what anyone says, I had an amazing time here. Although it's not as big as the old gameworks on the strip, there are still plenty of enjoyable games for any age limit. Unfortunately the first game I played had a little problem and it wasn't working at all, so I wanted to speak to a manager about it because I didn't receive the points I won. The manager, Charles was so polite and friendly. My friend and I were complaining to him but he kept his calm and handled it so professionally. He eventually refunded our points and had a tech to fix the game. It's my favorite game so far. The only reason why I'm not giving this place a full 5 star is because some of the games weren't working and it just opened.
4	We have 3 teenagers ages 18, 14 & 12.  We wanted to check it out and take the kids to do something fun before school started back up. We are locals and this was our 1st time going to Town Square and to Gameworks.   Loved Town Square. .I will have to do another review on that. We entered Gameworks from the bar/restaurant side.  The bar area is pretty big.  On the opposite side of the bar is a huge area for dining.  In fact i think that area is too big.  They should probably reduce the dining area by half to make room for more games. The gaming area was not what i expected it to be.  I mean they had some cool games but i thought the area would be much larger.  The computer gaming room was pretty cool.  My son wanted to play but we didn't get a chance.  It was only $5 an hour to play on the computer. ..next time we go I'll let my kids play in there.  There was a bowling alley in a separate room...we didn't go check it out tho. We didn't eat there this time around so I don't know how the food is. They could do with getting a few more shooter games as those are the kind of games my kids like.  We spent $54 on a play card with 400 credits which was enough for the 3 kids.  Next time we will spend a little more.  Overall this place is pretty cool.  My kids had fun and wanted to stay longer. On the next visit my husband and i will get some food and drinks while the kids go play.
1	Don't waste your time or money on this place, it is a joke and the management should be embarrassed that they're allowing people in the door. NOTHING like any other Gameworks you've ever been to...We should have known we were in for a disaster when the poorly designed dining room (dumpy leather couch  from someone's dorm room in the way too-big waiting area?) only had one table of people at 8:30pm on a Friday night. But we had been looking forward to checking the place out for so long we let them seat us anyhow and tried to make the best of it by straining our necks to watch the too-small, misplaced TV's and ordering some food off of the very few options on their 1-page, Kinko's printed menu with too-small font. While waiting for our food, we watched the wait staff deliver a plate of nachos to an empty table by the front door/windows (where hundreds of people walked by, looked in at the boring scene, and kept on moving). The employees proceeded to grab a few nachos here and there every time they passed by, and a few even sat down to eat. I thought maybe they were off the clock until one of them left the nachos, went in the back, and came back out with our food delivery. The food was just so-so and not at all worth the price. I asked the server for some salt for my french fries and she dropped off an actual cup with salt in it and then started to walk off (as if this was the norm). I asked if there were any salt shakers, she said no, and then walked back to her own table of food.  I wish I could rate the game area but it's completely blocked off from the bar and restaurant (WHY??) and the dining experience was such a disappointing and boring downer that we decided to leave and head across to Yard House and Blue Martini to finish our date night instead.   We will never be going back here and my prediction is that it will be closed within a year unless some SERIOUS changes are made.
3	Guess this place just has a fun play around vibe. I'm comparing it to a place I used to go to that had games & food but was a hot spot to hang out at night! Took my 10 year old boy cousin and he had a LOT of fun!! From racing/shooting games to the ticket games! But the prizes were kinda ticketed too high for what my cousin could get on $20. Maybe kinda lower some of the prize ticket amounts an it would be good for the kids to want to come back. But this time around..was good! Went on a Thursday night. It was in the summer so it was very full with both kids and adults having fun. But my experience wasn't anything to brag about. I'm a huge games playing girl (went to fun factory - hawaii growing up) but gameworks was soooo nothing to love. Like I have no desire to go back..even if I had nothing to do. The layout was horrible. The food sitting area felt bigger then the games area! I think there was only 2 games that I wanted to play that was working. All the others were "out of service". Gameworks has only been open maybe a week when I went..why were the games broken? The whole design just felt like it was just put there..no thought put into the interior design. Very poor as a game fun center..didn't make it fun! Boo..bring a dave n busters!!!!!!!!
2	I understand that when places first open up, they'll experience bumps and obstacles the first few weeks/months. But... this... makes me sad.It's in a great location. However, they were a bit over promiscuous. This is Gameworks, it's first purpose is to be an arcade. Why does the dining area take up practically half the entire area? Secondly, the games themselves aren't that bad at all in my opinion. However, the old Gameworks is deeeeefinitely than the current one.The service (or at least the employees outside the dining area) is great. Despite the games breaking down almost every ten minutes on opening night, they did great on telling people what's wrong (the breakers couldn't handle the volume apparently) and you could see tech guys repairing the games almost immediately. They don't have the time cards unless you snagged some extra on opening night, which is a big let down in my opinion. Every game is priced 4-11 credits. The games that are actually fun, are around 7-9 credits. Yeah, no. I really hope this place fixes a lot of its kinks and renovate itself more. I find it kinda sad how this place is rated so low, and there's only ONE 5 star review while the rest is 1-2 stars. I'll give this place another try in winter, but damn... get your game up, gameworks.
2	Yeah...So Like everyone else, I am very disappointed with this location. I was so excited for it also! I thought that it would be a great addition to the Town Square and was really hoping it could live up to the previous version of Gameworks that was on the Strip.. at least a little. In my opinion however, it does not. Not even close. Which, is understandable actually. The Las Vegas Strip Location was fantastic in many ways. If  the Town Square location could even be 1/4 of what the previous version was, it could be great. I agree that first and foremost, this place should be about the games. I also believe that they have really failed at the design of the space as far as the games go. There appear to be a lot of cool games though they are crammed into a corner. The layout is not cool. So clustered and uncomfortable to walk through when there are many players around. Staff was all awesome and very accommodating, I will say  that now.I walked around a bit and saw the space in the back, that appears to be for private events maybe? A few empty rooms with LCD TV's mounted on the walls. I don't know, but I'd rather see that filled with games and maybe some themed rooms. That's another thing.. the space is so stark and boring and as I mentioned previously, the layout is kinda whack. The bar specifically, and even a restaurant that serves alcohol should not be something that kids walk through. It's not a difficult fix. There should be a divider wall between those areas. there are a couple of spaces that can be divided off for over and under 21 patrons. I understand that Gameworks will draw many under 21 people, but  as this is Las  Vegas and there is a huge market for the adult kids! As it stands, it's very uncomfortable to sit at the bar. Your back is to the walkway with kids going by, just not cool in my opinion. It even looks uncomfortable for the bartenders and servers to be serving there. I know that people reading this: employees, managers, owners and guests alike, will agree, disagree and be every range of emotion available at these reviews that are so negative. It's not easy opening a new place. Going in, everyone knew there were high expectations. I can't even go into much else without writing a full website on the subject, but I feel like this Gameworks needs a serious overhaul already. I really look forward to some major changes and hope that they come sooner than later. I will occasionally drop in to help support that.. but I cannot see myself spending money on games until those credits drop or you some form of unlimited play is offered as it has been in the past.. say $20 10pm-until close for adults, and something for the kids on weekends? I wish you luck Gameworks! You are responsible for a great many happy and fun memories in my earlier years! I want to be part of something great like that again!  Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!! :)
2	Pros: Clean, games are in working order, mostly.Cons:  Expensive.  Their model is well executed, charge for everything.Think Chuck E. Cheese but 2014, the only thing that's changed are the games.  The overpriced food, ticket-based games that redeem for cheap prizes and low-light environment are still there.Don't get me wrong, it can be fun but after burning through $40 with two kids in 20 minutes, it's clear who's getting "played". :)
4	We ventured down here from Centennial as a last hoorah before back to school.  We had a good time on all the interactive games that were for the most part easy to understand and play for the little ones.  I do think that they could have used a few more pieces of equipment.  I understand that many of these machines cost as much as your moms Hyundai.  These machines are also very tempermental and see nothing but abuse from these super nerds who live in solitarey confinement playing Xbox 360 and only come out for cheesy gordita crucnches from Taco bell and a new Maxim magazine to masturbate to.  This is a tough crowd to please.  My suggestion would have been to put in a Jack In the Box for gamer dietary needs, instead of another sub par restaurant with high prices.  This is the last thing Las Vegas needed.  You could have used that huge dining space to put in more revenue..... or credit generators. Gameworks you are located in one of the highest rent districts in all of Las Vegas.  You have come up with away to quickly ROI for the $500,000 in equipment you purchased.  Take a lesson from the nightclub industry the way to make money is on the booze.  Bottle Service!!! and VIP AREA!!!The funnest game they had was the Pac Man air hockey.  We could have played this the whole time.  We will be back. It might be a while but we will.  Good luck to you Gameworks.  I appreciate what you bring to the valley, unlike all the other HATER SUPER GEEKS out there.
4	Okay, so it may not be that big and it's not what most of us had expected but they had to use the space they were given. I have heard they are expanding and since I've been back, they had added several more games along with fixing the broken games. Although they may not have had what I expected, I'm still happy with going to Gameworks and playing their games.The service is pretty good except I did find it annoying when the barista in the bowling area would rather be texting on her phone or flirting with the one guy behind the bar than serving other customers. I had to ask the bowling attendants to get my drink. I understand it's slow, but it would be nice if someone looked up occasionally. But the rest of the staff are very nice and helpful.
4	I'm not a "gamer", but I do enjoy a fun atmosphere, drinking yummy cocktails, and trying new things which is exactly what GameWorks in Town Square offered. Being new to Vegas, I wasn't familiar with GameWorks prior to my visit there or what to expect from it; I was pleasantly surprised with all they had to offer. The facility itself is HUGE! There are tons and tons of games to play, my favorite was the frog log jump and the Terminator one!! They also have ski ball and a basket ball shooting game. For those of you faithful gamers they even have an entire room set up for online/computer games where you can play til your hearts content while sipping cocktails. My favorite part is their full bowling lanes!! When you're ready to wet your whistle they also have a large full bar with a full menu. My visit happened to be their second day of being open, so their food was still needing some tweaking, however everything I ate did have great flavor. I am definitely looking forward to giving their menu another try.
5	Jarred was such a very nice guy, he made it sure that everyone of us are satisfied the way they cooked the food
5	Was here for my husbands birthday with family and friends. Best service from Jerred. Great food...great atmosphere!!! Will be coming back again
5	Awesome  place! We came for a buddies birthday party. Great location to shop, watch movies, and family time! Jarred from Mississippi was an awesome server. He made some great recommendations and kept our drinks and stomachs full. Overall a great experience. We'll definitely come back!!
5	This place is great, good food, and great service...jarred was our server and was great, it was our first time and he gave us a good run down of the food and their specials...very fast service the food was hot and fresh.i would definitely come back..good place to spend quality time with the family
3	Here are the good and bad...Lots of games, while not super huge, you have a variety of super kid easy to legit gamer...Ticket prices for prizes are high but whats new there. Some games are priced too high but some right on the money. Restaurant aspect needs LOTS of work. It's the simple things. There are no kid menus available to look at. $4 dollars for a soda? Huge ripoff. You don't have salt and pepper shakers? Really. Ran out of tall/adult glasses, had to use small glasses. It almost seems as if you guys weren't even ready to open and it's been awhile since you've been open. Cmon to the General Manager. Burger was good, kid pizza good size, wings not that great. Overall, not a bad experience but easy stuff to fix. Little pricey for family but was still fun. Air hockey game is the best bet!
4	I had time to check this place out last night.  The four of us had dinner there and then enjoyed some games.The service at dinner was great.  The server acknowledged they had only been open for about three weeks, and they were continuing to take any feedback to improve the experience.  The shareable crab cake was delicious, but the portion needs to be shipped off!  If you get it,  don't feel ashamed to be a bit greedy as the $14 cake is just that, one expensive cake!  HOWEVER,  the chicken nachos!  You can't go wrong!   The entrees were interesting.  I got the beef rib dish.  It's not something usual for me, but I took the server's advice (he was a good guy).  I found the meat to be a bit fatty.  I found enough tasty pieces to satisfy...  The most unsettling part of the dish was the way the meal was garnished.  Imagine the sword in the stone...  But it was the rib-bone jammed into the pile of wasabi mashed potatoes.  Different.The beer selection was ok...  Just too expensive (I understand the place is on the strip).  I think I could have walked across the way to a competing place, and it would have been more affordable.The game variety was fun (I stink at video games) ,and I enjoyed pinball.  The pacman air hockey will either make you pull a muscle or lose an eye!  It is not to be missed!  After speaking to a few staff members, it's clear they are working to adjust things.  I'll give them a few weeks and will try them again.  Be patient!  I think the place will compete for your attention soon!  Huge TV and video walls will be sure have your favorite sports games available. Oh yeah, there is bowling and computer games there too (not sure what those are all about).
1	Does management know who their target customer is?  What a disappointment!  Are they a bar or a game/entertainment center? One second they are catering to adults with drinks and low budget tv's and steps away they are catering to 5 year old children. The bar and arcade are a very weird mix in such a small space.  This is a classic example of a jack of all trades, master of none.  If this is a restaurant /bar, there are better ones 25 feet away and if this is an arcade for children, this is Las Vegas and Circus Circus runs circles around it. I expected that this was going to be a very cool, new and innovative arcade center for all ages and was really excited for something new and different to arrive but was disappointed to say the least and would never go back. I could improve this place with my eyes closed.
3	It's a little smaller than the Gameworks that was on the strip. The food seating area is big and pretty unnecessary. Could add more games as there looks like there's space for them. I like how there's a PC/gaming area which is nice. Also there's a bowling alley as well. Me and my friends played some games n stuff. Although there wasn't a lot of games as there was before, we still had fun.hopefully they add more games or interactive games in the near future like they had in the past.
4	Had a great time at Gameworks at Town Square last night. Jarred was our server while we were bowling. Jarred was very knowledgeable about the food menu and was spot on about the Short Ribs entree (2 big pieces of beef short ribs over a bed of creamy mashed potatoes and gravy). Wish they had more games tho. I spent about 2 hours on the new Transformers game and the jet fighter game.
1	Who is this Jarred person? He must be asking politely for his customers to write reviews for him and Gameworks. If you notice all the good reviews reference Jarred. Jarred must be a superstar employee, one not worthy of this place. I'm not going to bore you with everything because everyone has already said it 40 some times already. Overpriced Yes. Broken machines Yes. Arcade too small Yes. Food area too big Yes. Mediocre food Yes. Why eat and drink here when there are so many options within 50 yards of this place with better food for the same money? I really don't know what management was thinking with this location. $9 for one game of bowling? Is this real life? Press Start Gaming Center may not have the looks and appeal that Gameworks has, but it has what's most important to gamers, great prices, great games, great service and a knowledge of what a gamer is. Gameworks is now backtracking, telling people they are making changes and to give them another shot, but being the game professionals that they are, these issues should have been addressed before they opened, at least considered during their 8 month delay from opening. I won't be visiting any time soon.
3	I came here to blow through a pre-loaded one hour play pass on a Tuesday night with my husband. Surprisingly, the place was actually crowded. Our first order of business was to get a drink at the bar, and the drinks ain't cheap. All draft beers, regardless of type or brand, were $6.50. We ordered 2 Stella Artois and were served quick enough, but were thereafter virtually ignored by the staff.Onward to the arcade! We were disappointed when we realized we would NOT be earning any tickets for the night (because half the fun of going to arcades is collecting tickets to redeem random shit you'll never use). Anyhow, we had fun playing the games we would have never played if we were using a ticket generating game card. The arcade is smaller than I'd like- with most of the games, you had to race some 14 year old runt to play anything. I would really give Gameworks a 3.5 rating. They lose points for having expensive ass draft beers, poor service at the bar, and a limited section of games. All in all though, I would still return if I'm ever in the mood for it. I'll just get my drinks elsewhere!
1	If i could submit no stars i would. First, the red headed or pink haired bartender needs to check herself. She showed no hospitality and failed to make an old fashioned cocktail. Barely any whiskey and served in a dirty soda glass. Also while i was trying to enjoy my terribly made drink i could overhear her speaking rudely about me to her coworkers. Girl needs to go.
1	I was at the bar and served by this red headed bartender. So unprofessional. There were no other customers at the moment, very slow thru out the day, but she definitely seemed like she didnt want to be there. Put no effort in making my drink. Has this girl not heard of customer service or manners before?  I would have kept my tab open if she had been less rude.
3	Smaller than expected it to be. Not really wowed. There was a bar, which is a plus. But for a Saturday night.. The bar was completely understaffed. This is probably the longest I had to wait for a drink. Which made me a little irritated. Pricing was not bad compared to other places on the strip. Decor is very nice... But they need to staff accordingly!!!!! Not as many games as the previous GAMEWORKS in Vegas. The bathrooms were a little dirty as well. I would come back to see if this would change.
5	I was skeptical about this place at first but I stumbled in to play my friend Jimmy at the basketball game because we wanted to kill some time. We ended up walking into the bowling alley bar, and our bartender, Heather was way cool. She knew how to make her drinks and was very personable. Will definitely be coming back.
5	We'll the dang ol bar in the bowling alley is pretty awesome bartender with the red hair think heather be the name just a doll made delicious drinks very knowledgeable fun atmosphere give it a ten don't cha know
3	It's nice to see Gameworks back in Vegas, since I remember going to the old location on the strip. By comparison,  this new location is a ton newer but also smaller. It's nice to see that everything isn't falling apart and all the games are clean and actually work!I'm not sure though why they made the restaurant area so large because Gameworks is usually an arcade first and restaurant second. I've been to multiple locations around the country and all of them have a much much larger gaming area than restaurant. The restaurant also has a ton of wasted space that could've been used to accommodate games so that it doesn't feel as cramped inside when you're playing. The only thing I like about the restaurant is the TVs and projector screens they have all around. Makes this a great place to watch sports!The games themselves are decent although not a whole lot seemed to spark my interest. Most of them are pretty expensive too, costing approximately 7-12 credits. Each credit is 25 cents unless you buy in large dollar amounts such as $50-100.Overall Gameworks at Town Square is a good place to hang out or kill some time, but wouldn't be a place I'd visit frequently.
1	Sad attempt to bring back a once cool place..  Boo- the games are so over priced and it's the same games $108.00 rip off. We need a Dave and Busters...
5	**Birthday Party Review**We had my sons birthday here today. I would HIGHLY recommend Gameworks as the venue for your next party. While I agree with other reviewers that the food leaves a great deal of room the improvement the party packages and service more than make up for it. My guests had a wonderful time and our host Zach was the greatest! We booked the party mostly by email with Allie and she too was a pleasure to work with. If you are looking for a party venue I highly recommend!
3	What happened to GameWorks?  I understand they had to make changes after moving from the Strip.  But my expectations were so much higher.  You walk into the new location and it almost seems empty.  There is a lot of square footage, but not enough games to fill the space.  I am not a gamer.  But I do enjoy sports, driving, and flying games.  They had a bit of a selection, but it seemed like there could've been so much more.  My experience here was okay, but I don't see myself coming back anytime soon.I hope as time goes on, GameWorks is able to get to something near what the Strip location was.
4	Fun and enjoyable. Bar, bowling, and games! Had a blast price on drink is fair, but on games find it a little pricey but great place! Sweet girl bartender at bowling aisle and the gentlemen at the bowling area!
1	Way overpriced. We happened to be walking by and thought we'd take our niece inside to play some games. We bought the card with the credits before we noticed the price of the game. On average the games are 9 credits! 1 credit equals 1 quarter, so the games average $2.25! Never coming back again.
4	Took my grandson for his 7th birthday. The 5 year old was also with us. Lots of games, including a room full of computers, with XBox and Playstation set-ups. The rollercoaster simulator was really fun. The restaurant and bar had friendly staff members. Typical bar food, but it was ok. You can walk around the whole place with your beer or cocktail. I don't think they need such a large dining area.
4	GameWorks is back in town and I am happy. I'm not much of a gamer myself but coming here brings the inner kid out of me. Here is my take on the place.Location: I love the new location in Town Square compared to the old location on the strip. It is below the AMC movie theatre and across from Yard House. It is close to a bunch of good bars and restaurants. Here are a few: Yard House, Capriotti's, Mcfaddens, Sugar Factory. Interior: When you walk in the front doors there is a service station to your left and a seating area, there is also seating on the exterior if you prefer that. The bar is 20ft from the front door. The bar was average in size with a good selection of alcohol, we ordered a jack with coke and Malibu mix drink, both were $6 so that's not bad. Then you have a decent selection of arcade games and various other gaming machines, there was a variation of air hockey which would throw out about 20 mini discs at once, now that was fun and intense. There was a glow in the dark pool table area and bowling lanes which I did not try but will next time.Staff: The bar staff was good. There was a hipster looking white male who made us feel at home, explained the changes to the new menu, and helped us when needed. There was a short hispanic male who was in the bar area and didn't seem to do much, I'm not sure if he was the manager but he was rude to the staff and extremely bossy. The staff at the ticket counter were good and helped us get the correct amount of points on our card after a machine error.We will be back soon to try the glow in the dark things and as the drinks are $2 cheaper than Mcfaddens which is upstairs.
3	Cons. Kinda pricey , limited floor space for the games. The restaurant area looks incredibly mundane and bland. I honestly think whoever designed this place was having a indentity crisis . I just feel like they don't know what they wanna be. Pros. A couple decent games. My son is 6 so he was impressed! Lol staff was nice and helpful. Well ventilated for all the people inside. Overall it needs work, needs more floor games, still something to take the kids to do in this town you cant beat that . If it gets better I'll def come back
1	Before I continue, I would like to say that this review is regarding only the arcade portion of this GameWorks. After hearing everyone's excitement about the new GameWorks opening up and seeing the sign posted inside of TownSquare for over a year, I thought this place was going to be spectacular. I was definitely let down. First of all, the space for the games is just too small. You could run through them all in just a couple of hours. That is, if you get a chance to play them at all. It's always crowded with so many people and sometimes you'll find parents just taking up the chairs for the games to watch their children play.Second, not only are the cards/points extremely overpriced for an arcade but, the self help kiosks don't even work and when we went to inform the employees at the ticket counter, they just shrugged and said "They never work".This brings me to another point, a lot of the games are ALREADY broken! Why pay so much money for all of these points if everything is shut down? Ridiculous.Lastly, if your children play enough games to earn enough points for a certain prize that they want, don't let them get too excited. A couple of my friends spent just enough money to win enough tickets to get the LEGO pillow that they've been eyeing for a while. As soon as they reached the 1,500 ticket mark, they went to redeem their prize. Then, the employees told them they don't even have the LEGO pillows in stock. Though a few different colors of them were hanging on the walls.I wish they could just open up a reasonably priced arcade. From now on, I'm sticking to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
4	Friday night was the fourth or fifth time I have stopped by Gameworks. It's on my way home from work so I meet up with friends there occasionally. I always have a great time.  Whether it's playing the games with my friends,  bowling, or hanging out at the bar, it's fun.  The staff has always been friendly and helpful.  The food is yummy,  especially the chicken nachos,  and the bartenders are a lot of fun, especially the chick with the skull tattoo. Check it out. Make sure you play the Pacman air hockey game,  it's crazy.
3	I'm only giving this place a 3 because the selection of games has significantly decreased since it's movement from the Las Vegas strip. I still however love the environment. It reminds me more of a "Dave and Buster's" establishment with a bar and restaurant available right inside. You're able to reserve for parties which makes it perfect for groups and birthdays. If you're a hard core gamer this might not be the arcade for you since the selection of games is limited. But if your just here for fun family and games it'll be experience for you and whomever you want to bring. Service is really top notch as always.So make sure to enjoy your time here : )My review is more for the arcade portion of this establishment.everything else gets a 4 star rating.
2	Prepare to be dissapointed! Ooh Vegas, you gotta stay away from this one, if you want to wait for your food, wait for your drinks, and keep waiting for service this is the place to be! One star for service, 2nd star earned because there's fun stuff to do after you're done waiting, lol. The place wasn't even as crowded as you would expect, I think because the word is out on the place already, and i got there at 8:50pm to eat, way past the dinner rush and the popular 6-7:30 dinner rush. One and a half hour meal and drinks could have been finished in about half that time, just spent too much time waiting. Me and Gary Z preordered our next drink because the first drink took half an hour to get the first one, lol. At least 35 min to even take our order for food. It's a 2.5 star establishment for a reason people! Don't get your hopes up just because they reopened.
2	I have never been to a GameWorks, so I'm not sure what I was expecting. It is unlike other gaming lounges in that they don't integrate the gaming, food and bar areas very well. They have a defined bar and restaurant area that is pretty much empty every time I've ever passed through and then there is a small gaming floor with a mixture of ticketed gaming machines for kids and other video game machines. I think if they had spread this area out a bit more there would be more room to move around and enjoy the games. It was overly crowded and there weren't too many games that looked worth the time and money to play. The only ones that did were packed and had long waits.There are so many improvements that could be made here to make it better.
4	This place has great discounts on drinks and appetizers most likely to drive business. $3.50 wells and beers such as Stella Artois are a win! My friends ordered nachos but they didn't look like they liked them much. Bartender as others are saying did seem slower. In terms of an arcade venue, the space is massive and seems like they devoted too much room for restaurant as opposed to adding more games; possibly a bigger bowling alley with more lanes. I did not get to check out the LAN they had setup; next time!
4	Like this location way better than the old one. They need more games and to bring down the price for them. Most important Kids had a great time!
3	The location is better, away from the strip. It is a lot smaller from the old Gameworks. The games are great and up to date. Durning the weekend there is a ton of families. But it's a giant arcade so I can't complain. Overall it's okay place and the price is reasonable.
3	The place is cool, the games are great the food is disgustingThe customer service poorIt is hands-down the worst food I've never ordered. Salty bruschetta, salty disgusting calamari, nachos with nothing on themI've never had worst food served to me on a consistent basis
5	First time checking out gameworks new location.  And it was awesome.  Love the set up.  Lots of T.V.s. Sports bar feel with video games.  Whats not to love.  Played almost every game in the place with there unlimited hour game card.  Really fun games.  Lots of choices.  Dark escape 4D is by far the tightest game there.   I could play that for hours.  The food I thought was average bar food.  Had the buffalo wings.  Nice size wings, perfectly cooked crispy yet juicy inside.  Could of been a little spicier and saucier.  But still really good. Would order again.   Wasn't sure how it would be with all the negative reviews.  But I'll be back for sure.  Cool place to catch a NBA game.  Have a few drinks,  do a little gaming.
1	I'm been in the hospitality industry for 12 years, so take my opinion as you wish.Location is better than before, but much smaller.  I will never eat there again.  Food was bad not to mention cold.  We were the only ones there, should have been a hint, and the service was so slow you would think the place was packed.  I may take my son back to play, but wouldn't touch the food, especially with so many options in town square.  I've seen many of my customers with infinitely better food and atmosphere close shop.  Unless something drastically changes, I don't see this place lasting.
3	The new town square location is convenient. I came for Sunday football and met up with some friends, some of whom have children.Each game was prominently displayed. There are not only big flat screens but projector tv's as well. Plus, audio for one game was playing. The food was typical bar food with wings, fish and chips, salads, calamari, works fries, and overloaded nachos. The portions are also fairly generous. Though there are seemingly more up scale dinners as well like steak or salmon. While I didn't try the attempts at finer food, I question the logic and quality of the ingredients of an arcade which may see someone order salmon once a week.There's enough to keep the kids entertained so long as it's not busy. The size of the building is comparable to other chains like Dave and Buster's thanks to the bowling alley and private rooms. The designers made an oversized dining and tv watching area that doesn't fit with the number of game machines. If the dining room were packed with parents, the lines for games would be three kids deep. That is to say, there aren't enough game machines if business picks up.As far as the bar, they do have about ten things on tap including Angry Orchard, Stella, and Sam Adams. I did find it annoying that every time is came back to the bar and the same bartender, she had to check my id. I'm a huge hipster in a hat and bright pink and blue shirt memorable enough for the bar flys to remember what team I was cheering for. I will say on behalf of a few of the girls: avoid the mixed drinks because they're poorly proportioned with too much syrup and for one mojito which was made with gin instead of rum, just wrong.I cannot speak to the bowling or the LAN/internet gaming, but the former was empty and the later seemed packed.
2	Overall, not very impressed. The previous strip location had so much more to offer and it was a letdown to see how very little this new location had. The prices for all the games also seemed quite unreasonable and it was even more disappointing when almost half of the games were down for maintenance.
4	I love this place!!  My son (5 yrs old) always has a blast. And, so do we.  There are no tickets or tokens like CEC, just a nifty little Gamecard that you add money to and tracks your points.  Plus, the toys/gifts are 1000 times better than CEC.  I love they have a bar and am always sure to treat myself.  Plus I love that they are in TownSquare so you can make an entire day and have lunch, shop, play, even see a movie.  My only complaint is that we do end losing money in broken games.  It is a little chaotic because they are so busy, but we have always had a good experience regardless because staff is super friendly.
2	The games are nice and the place is clean but the rest is horrible. This is NOT even in the same category as Dave and Busters. I've had bar food that was better. This was gas station quality food. The nachos literally had gas station canned cheese on it. My son had the steak salad. He couldn't even chew the meat. Then we had a birthday coupon that had to be approved by the manager. That took 20 minutes.  Save your money.
2	Gave this place a 2. It does deserve to have a 2 because of where it's located, being the fact that Town Square is my second home. After hours of shopping with the kiddos, they deserve to have their fun. Other than that.... This new game works is super boring, not enough games, my kids were bored 20 mins into playing. FOOD is crap. They don't even have the option of getting a whole pizza like the old Game Works at MGM. Only a pan size personal pizza for $14. Nachos with "string" like shredded chicken which had no taste and hardly anything on them. SERVICE. Well, wasn't too great. Had to call her to order and since it was our first time at this location, we had a lot of questions about the menu, and she was a little irritated with our questions. We then finally ordered. We got 2 pepperoni pizzas and chicken nachos. She told us if we added $3 more dollars to each of our items, we would get a free play card. So it would've been perfect for not buying more play cards. So we did add the $3 special for the card play, but she didn't mention to us until after we won at least 10,000 points on games that it wouldn't be included on their dinner play cards. Not only did the server and this place ruin our dinner, but made my kiddos cry for not getting any prizes they've earned on those games. NEVER AGAIN WILL I BE BACK.
4	You know what, I had a good experience at GameWorks! I think that there could be more games (there was a pretty large, and empty, dining area), but it was clean, well maintained, and the games they had were quite entertaining. The Pac Man air hockey game was a big hit! Although they don't have a DJ and dance floor like they do at Insert Coins, this was still a good time.I also liked that they had a full bar with drinks that weren't overpriced. The bowling alley also looked very intriguing, but alas, we didn't have an opportunity to bowl on this occasion. I think that this is a great option for kids and adults alike! Game On!
4	If you're not into the whole bar scene or looking for a way to kill time in Town Square then check this place out. This new location is much smaller than the previous one located on the strip, however, you can still find something that everyone will like. The main gaming area has games that I haven't seen in any other Las Vegas arcades including ticket, shooter, driving, 4D, old school and Japanese games. They even have Purikura inside! There is a section for PC and console games as well as a section for bowling. The bar area is a good size with plenty of seating inside and outside of the store. The seats also aren't located next to the games so it's nice not having people constantly walk around you while you eat (unlike Dave and Buster's).The only downside is that these games are expensive because you pay with "points." I suggest buying the package deal where you have unlimited play for 1 hour. We were offered this deal when a friend bought a drink at the bar so I'm not sure if a drink purchase is required.
5	Alysia wasn't even our bartender and she was very nice, very personable and had outstanding customer service!!!
1	Bad bad bad bad. I grew up near the Seattle Gameworks. One of my favorite spots. Good food, great venue, great service, great arcade.  The new Townsquare GameWorks is none of those things. This location is an offense to the reputation they've built.Food: 0/5. It didn't get my sick. That's the absolute best thing I can say about it. The Nachos and Pizza were far, far worse than 7/11. Yes, the pizza you get at 7/11 is leaps and bounds better than what's served at the Town Square GW. The Nachos were better in Middle School. No, I'm not exaggerating. It's edibleService: despite half the restaurant being empty, the server informed us it would be a 20 minute wait. When I pointed out that fact that 2/3 of the restaurant was empty, she told me she was short of servers and just couldn't do it(I've worked in two high end restaurants in my life, and that is pure comedy.) There was one large party, and five other tables. I saw a minimum of five servers. There was enough staff to cover a 50 table restaurant and they made us wait so the servers wouldn't get stuck with more than a couple tables at a time. I talked to the manager who at first seemed to be shocked, then did nothing about it. The server was fairly polite but the host and manager ruined it.Arcade: Decent. Far below the other GWs I've been to.There's a reason there was no adult parties here alone. Only kids or parents with their kids. The service is God awful and the food is below gas station fare. The Seattle location is always packed and has more adults than kids. Take a lesson from them. If you've ever been to a chuckee cheese in the 90s, think of that, with way worse pizza, 5x more expensive food and gaming, and god awful service.
2	I brought my son and couple of his friends here after for the first time after a movie. When I first walked in I must say it was an impressive sight. Lots of redemption games and the familiar cluster of noises reminded me of that an arcade is supposed to be. But my son and his friends were more interested in the e-sports room, particularly in Mario Kart on the Wii U. When we found out they hold Mario Kart tournaments he was super excited. But concerned parents BEWARE!!!!!! These events along with many others are hosted by an outside person. So like any responsible parent I did a little research on this person who I will leave anonymous. Although I have had no interactions with this person personally, based on some of the vulgarity he posts on Twitter and watching some of his videos, I do not know how a large company like GameWorks could associate with such a person. He is not only unprofessional on his social media but also has no concern for censoring himself around younger people during hosted events it seems. My son was disappointed when I told him he could not attend any of these events but I feel it's my responsibility as a parent is to not allow him to come to these events based on the personality involved. Perhaps these events are geared more for "adults" then it shouldn't be kid games or GameWorks should do a little more research on who they have working for them.
5	This Gameworks location is great and is far better than almost any other arcade style restaurant venue anywhere near the vicinity of the Las Vegas area.  Of the comments by others that criticise this Gameworks, it is often that this location lacks some of the greatness of other or past Gameworks locations.  While some of that I agree with, the comparison should be Gameworks now compared to their competitors now, not Gameworks compared to themselves of the past.The dining areas, bar areas, bowling areas, arcade areas, and the console gaming areas all look great.  The arcade prices generally are about four credits per game, which is one dollar with no promotions or bulk purchase of credits whatsoever.  Most generic arcades in the major hotels would have similar pricing, yet Gameworks provides a much nicer, friendlier and healthier enviroment than going inside a Las Vegas hotel/casino.  In addition, they have deals, 190 credits for $27, making that one-dollar game just 57 cents.  The pricing is good; I do not see where some of these complaints come from.  It is a far better value than Dave and Busters located throughout the country.The Las Vegas design is different than many other Gameworks, but that is fine.  I personally do not understand the space given to console internet computer gaming, but that may appeal to others.  If that does not work out as expected, a great idea would be to expand the arcade space, which is what many arcade enthusiasts want to happen.  Maybe put in a clever time tunnel entrance and have some great, nearly forgotten games from the 80s and 90s in there that nearly no one has anymore (possibly locate a game list from when the first Gameworks opened, and replicate some of it).  If management wants an idea of games, I would be glad to submit some ideas, or go on killer list of videogames dot com for a blast from the past reminder of games that once existed.  Possibly, add a few more classic cabinets to overflow and transition between sections, so the place is not quite so compartmentalized.  All of this is not a complaint, just ideas to make this new Gameworks even better and enhance it with some classic nestalgia from Gameworks past.In closing, Gameworks Las Vegas does not deserve an average rating less than four stars.  Those who live in the area should enjoy what it has to offer instead of comparing it to absolute arcade perfection.  Again, compare it to what little else is present in Las Vegas family fun, enjoy the games and the environment of fun that exists inside all Gameworks locations.  I do want to also mention that in my opinion many other Gameworks, current and past, deteriorated over time.  Please do not allow entropy to set in here, please keep the games well maintained and focus on customer service and Gameworks will do well.
5	Love the LAN gaming section of gameworks! They have all the new generation consoles plus great running PCs for all your online LAN gaming needs!  They serve drinks from the bar inside the gaming lounge which is really convenient. They also have a decent happy hour after 9pm. I usually go with my girlfriend at least once a week we really enjoy it!Haven't used the other part of gameworks at all. Seems like its way to bunched together they need to open up the dining area to more games I never see anyone using the dining room anyways. Just my thoughts!
4	I am only reviewing the arcade as I haven't tried the restaurant or bowling. Alot of arcades seem to be taking that approach these days (i.e. Round 1, KDB, Latitude 39).The game selection is small like many reviewers already stated, but the games they do have work well. They even have a Pump It Up Infinity that works amazingly well. I would like to see more Japanese games out here like Beatmania and Pop n' Music since the Gemini arcade palace closed. Overall, Gameworks Las Vegas is a small, underrated arcade that deserves more positive attention than it is getting.
4	Great for the whole family. Parents can relax at the bar, sports TVs galore, restaurant, and comfy couches. Bowling alley too. Hope they open one in Huntington Beach, Ca.
3	Being a gamer I had to check out this place. I've never been to the original GameWorks, but this place wasn't as bad as I had expected. My gf and I stopped by here to check out some of the old arcade and VR games. The prices are bit high for the games and drinks are pricey as well. Overall its a place to check out once.
4	Grat for all ages.... Brings me back to the good old days with some games. Had a blast. And they have a bar with food and a lot of tv's. Will bring my kids n family here
2	This is not the quality that I expected to come of GameWorks. *Purchased an all day pass that had errors reading the card so the card had to be replaced. *The advertised 24 hour unlimited play on Groupon card only works for 14 hours. *The staff was very young and inexperienced with customer service. *Beware that many games have malfunction issues. In the three occasions that I have gone to this GameWorks, multiple machines can be found with error messages.
1	This place has potential to be a great location for family fun, however, the lack of service (extremely slow) and the quality of food is much to be desired.I had a party of 5 and we got seated quickly but it took no kidding 10-15 min for a server to come to our table. After a bit you just stop asking for things because it takes so long.The layout of where the dining in relation to the kitchen or service booth is too spread out.This place has the starting of a good thing but I probably won't come back. The first time I gave them the benefit of doubt but the second trip pretty much made the decision for me that this is how gameworks operates.So, in my opinion just come here for the games don't come here for the food. It's just not worth it.
2	First off- weird configuration with choppy separation of games and dining.  I like Dave & Busters where it's all more incorporated so parents can sit and still be in same room with kids while they play and we can enjoy food and cocktails.  So instead, I followed the kids around, lugging all the winter coats and hats.After blowing $80 myself and another $100 with friends, we finally went to eat and ordered a bunch of pizzas.  They tasted more like frozen tombstone pizzas but bigger than I though based on yelp reviews.  The problem was service.  Other than taking the initial order and dropping food, we NEVER saw our waitress.  I had to literally walk around the dining room on three occasions flagging down OTHER waitresses for extra plates, drink refills, etc.  the dining area was NOT full.  Each server had maybe a maximum of 3 tables to serve.  3 hours after being served and then after 20 minutes trying to hunt down our bill, I finally was fed up.  I saw three managers in a corner and approached them and told them what happened and asked for the bill.  Meanwhile, others in my party asked another waitress for my bill, who then found our waitress, who dropped it off.  We sat there, with credit card in the bill sleeve and again, waited and no one came to pick it up.  So I walked the bill and credit card to the manager myself.  The manager (Heather maybe) was on it.  She apologized profusely and said she understaffed the dining room.  I've waitressed before and if a server can't handle 3 tables, they need better servers. Without us asking, the manager comped the ENTIRE meal and gave us free 1 hour play cards.  While the experience was frustrating- I would go back simply because management responded so well.  I felt bad too, thinking of leaving a tip for the server- not huge but something.  But I saw her talking to the manager and looking at our table and throwing her arms in the air in disgust and then storming off.  That just really turned me off.  She never apologized for any delay.  Not sure if right or not, and might get a lot of flak but I really don't reward bad servers.  We were a table full of hungry people and we sat with empty plates, etc. for. a long time.  That server really missed the opportunity to sell us a salad, some wings and dessert.  But she never checked in on us.We will return and try the restaurant again simply to support the business and hope they fix their kinks.  And if we get decent service, we will tip appropriately.  But I hope they work this out- it could've been a great locals addition to Town Square.
3	GameWorks is still the same GameWorks that was on the Strip. The prices are high, the games race car and shooter centric. The kids had a blast running around and playing the games. The Pac-Man air hockey was definitely the crowd favorite though. A mix between hungry hungry hippos and air hockey made for a hectic scavenging mess. It might lead to someone getting a face full of pucks, but it is always worth it to crush your rivals. The fighter jet game in a pod was also quite fun. Otherwise, I tend to go back to the tennis game. Besides the central room; there is a bowling alley, gamer room with computers and gaming systems. I didn't eat, but their drinks are really reasonable. To get a Hendricks and soda or a Bulleit and ginger beer was $16. Maybe I am so used to paying Strip prices, but it just doesn't sound too bad.
