4	Couldn't wait for Daniel Boulud to open a restaurant in vegas again and I got to say I was impressed. The staff was friendly and our server was highly versed in the menu as we asked a lot of questions and she knew everything. My favorite course of the night was the escargot with spetzel. The ambiance of the restaurant was amazing as well. If your looking for great food and a pleasant staff check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
5	Hand made lemon saffron pasta, clams, shrimp, shaved bottarga,wilted arugula thats it! BEST pasta plate Ive ever had! 10 steps from the Poker room and I am a new regular!
2	Dined on Saturday 5/3/14. I would normally rate this perhaps 3 stars, but being a Daniel Boulud rrestaurant, i expect more.Food -To start, I ordered the French Onion soup, which to me, lacked enough cheese. I like a gooey French onion soup. For my main,I ordered the Frenchie burger because I heard DB is famous for his burgers. However, the burger that i got was more like a salt brick. The patty itself seemed that it was way over-salted. Plus they added the "morbier cheese confit pork belly" which sounds delicious on paper but just added to the saltiness. The burger was so salty, i finished 4 glasses of water and only finished half of the burger. In hindsight, I should have sent the burger back, especially paying $19 for a burger, it should be perfect. Also, I do understand the restaurant just opened, so it could be a learning lesson for the kitchen as well. My friend ordered the lingini and loved it. My other friend order the Yankee burger and loved it as well. So take my words with a grain of....salt. ha.Service -When our party arrived we were seated immediately in a very nice booth. The restaurant does look like French bistro/brasserie, upscale yet casual. Upon being seated, we waited about 5+ minutes until we received our menus, which I thought was odd. Not sure why the hostess doesn't just hand out the menus (seems inefficient to me). The waitress was very nice and welcoming but seemed very busy. There were a lot of manager looking people standing around. Not sure what they were doing but felt the service could have been more efficient. But again, having recently opened, I'm sure this will be worked out.Overall, I'm not sure I would recommend this restaurant, especially with all the awesome dining choices you have in Vegas. However, if the food was better (perhaps the kickhen wasn't tasting the food?) and the service kinks were worked out, I do think this could be a good restaurant, especially for the value. If my friends rated this restaurant, they would probably rate it a 4 or 5 stars. However, based on the experience I had, I could not give it more than a 2 and a half,  or 3.
5	a stripped down menu of french classics with a lightly modern flair.... which is right up my alley.a great somm, that is really passionate about what he does, and has some rare treats that are at a really reasonable price (he had Francoise Chidaine's Clos Habert from 2006 for less than 70 bucks, which is a phenomenal deal for las vegas). I had the:French Onion SoupSteak FritesCheesesAll three dishes were executed well, and were exactly as I expected them to be. The price is extremely reasonable (just $48 for 3 courses... to compare, I had a mediocre breakfast the next day cost me $32, so three great courses for $48 was great).I can comfortably say that I will probably dine here whenever I am in town.
5	Welcome back Daniel, we missed you!Daniel Boulud Brasserie at Wynn was, in 2010, one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Likewise, I was so saddened by the closure. When I heard about the new restaurant at Venetian, I made a reservation as soon as I could. It did not disappoint.Daniel was in the kitchen when we were there, so I had very high expectations. All I can say is, get the duck! The duck is absolutely superb. Service is also top notch. I will return in the near future for a more detailed review.
5	I had a great meal with plenty of other items on the menu I would return for.We started with the Thai calamari and Pate de campagne.  Both were delicious.  For an entree, I had the halibut which was great, though I wish they had mentioned on the menu that the fava bean puree had mint - it just isn't a flavor I like very much, however the other accompaniments were good.  I ended the meal with their Basque cake, which is a favorite of mine.
5	Just opened so this is a well kept secret for now.  But it's really good so won't be for long!Crab salad and lamb flatbread highly recommended.
3	There were definitely hits and misses at this new place.  Unfortunately, there is so much competition in Vegas (and even in the same hotel), that I don't think we will be back.  The service was very good.  But I don't understand the bread service.  Two people get two small pieces of bread - fine.  But they are two different kinds of bread - french and focaccia!?! Now I have to figure out which we each get?  Or am I supposed to break the tiny pieces in half?  DB, don't make me think this hard at the beginning of my meal.  Seafood tower - good.  Duck/foie - great. Onion soup - okay (too little cheese and added chunks of beer), Hamachi - horrible (we both took one bite and didn't want any more because the flavors did go well together and the hamachi itself didn't taste that great).  Wine pairings were great, as suggested by our waiting (who evidently was a certified somm, and didn't a great job).
2	My husband, our one year old daughter, and I decided to venture out to the strip for dinner one night. We are regulars at Bouchon, but decided to try DB Brasserie for the first time.  I ordered the flatbread and calamari, and my husband had a burger.  Overall, we were not very impressed at all.  Calamari was pretty good, but everything else was meh...however, i do have to give them credit for the desserts.  The madelines were so perfect and warm!Service was ok and very pretentious, they were not accommodating at all to children, unlike Bouchon.  It seemed like waiters and managers tried to make us feel uncomfortable because we had our baby with us with dirty looks. Don't think we will be going back, going to Bouchon instead!
2	I visited DB last night. I was so looking forward to my visit, thinking back to Chef's previous restaurant in the Wynn Las Vegas. So, not so great. The setting is less than desirable being direct off the Casino, with all the noise and all the revelers that is Las Vegas. Poor location. Then there is a "lounge " area which is comfy, but very loud once filled. Not a good dining experience at all. I have no complaints about the quality of the food. Not too French, per se, but more "country French" a la Bocuse. Probably will not return.
1	Undeserving.  They advertise a amazing Frenchie Burger. What we got was an awful burger served with cold fries. How does a high end brasserie serve cold fries? Stay away.
5	Girls weekend in Vegas and we decided to treat ourselves to a special dinner and chose DB Brasserie.  The restaurant is classic French brasserie, simple and classic with dark woods and dark leather banquette.  Service was attentive, efficient and extremely professional.  Our server Erik was so helpful and provided great recommendations.  I ordered the trio of champagne cocktails and really enjoyed the DB Paris the most, champagne with an x-rated passionfruit liqueur.  We ordered the lamb flatbread as a starter...so good...ground lamb delicately spiced with cumin and coriander and a perfect way to begin the meal.  My friend ordered the lobster ravioli special...generous serving of raviolis, plump with lobster...very tasty.  I ordered the duck confit: perfectly tender duck topped with super crispy duck skin and crispy wisps of onion rings served over braised Swiss Chard and trumpet mushrooms.  We also order the creamed spinach (who doesn't love creamed spinach?) and the pea fricassee, both great accompaniments to our mains.  To finish things off, we ordered the Black & White Fondant, a rich molten lava cake served with a refreshing verbena ice cream.  The food, the service and the restaurant were absolutely wonderful.  Looking forward to returning!
4	This is a preliminary 4-star review.. the food was fantastic, but the service was a little spotty. As it's a new restaurant, I am giving them the benefit of the doubt and assuming it will get better with time. We had the foie gras torchon, onion soup, lobster salad, duck confit, and tunisian lamb. Everything was really quite delicious, except the onion soup. The duck was really crispy on the outside and deliciously juicy on the inside. The tunisian lamb was tender and cooked to rare perfection and wasn't too gamey. For dessert, we ordered le president and the souffle. The souffle was perfectly fluffy and light. I really enjoyed it, but my mom doesn't like grand marnier and found it was too .. grand marnier-y. The onion soup was.. interesting, to say the least. I guess the description does say "beef and onion soup," but I was not expecting there to be chunks of beef in the soup. The waitress said that it was brisket, but it really just tasted like boiled beef that had been used to flavor the broth and not taken out. I have never in my life had a french onion soup with beef cubes in it. The service was mostly good, but kind of off. The critical comments I am about to make - I am writing them in the hopes that this is a new restaurant and management is reading every review to try to make improvements. We were a little late for our reservation, but were still seated promptly. When I asked where the restroom was, the busser / water guy walked me to it rather than just pointing across the room. The waitress never introduced herself, so I cannot tell you whom I'm talking about. She was friendly and mostly a good waitress. However, she interrupted me mid-sentence not once, not twice, but three times during our meal - rather than waiting nearby or trying to make eye contact before approaching, she interrupted me mid-sentence to tell us about the specials or ask how we were doing. She also forgot to tell us the specials and had to come back to tell us about them, but she didn't have them memorized so she had to look at her notepad, which seemed kind of amateur. She also did not know how to pronounce many of the menu items (the lady who brought our wine out also stumbled with the pronunciation). Finally - there is a huge analog clock on the wall facing the restaurant. I had the misfortune of sitting facing toward it, which made me painfully aware of the passage of time. When I'm going out to eat at a real sit-down restaurant, I want to be able to enjoy a leisurely, unhurried meal. The clock made me feel as though the restaurant was saying, "tick tock! time's a-wasting! get on out!" I will definitely be coming back here within the next few months, because the food was really good. Hopefully they will work out the kinks by then!
5	Great dinner and experience!Classic brasserie feel to the restaurant, felt like we were in Paris- but actually Venice :)Started with tart Flambe, very light flat bread with a cream sauce, caramelized onions and bacon.  Perfect beginning, not too heavy but with great refined flavors.  The Burrata salad had a large soft creamy burrata ball onto of an artichoke heart.  Amazing.  Amazing.Our waiter- Silvano pouched me to the duck confit over a burger.  Best choice ever.  Classic leg quarter, crispy skin, and juicy meat under.  The duck was succulent.  Best duck I've ever had.In the world of celebrity chef restaurants with food for the masses...this chef is a chef before the celebrity status kicked in.
5	Shady rolled into Daniels Boulud's new venue on a Tues evening for his most eagerly anticipated meal of his 8 day  assault on Vegas. And Shady is very happy to report it lived up to all expectations. Shady and lucky dining partner started with some cocktails, Shady opting for the trio of Champagne. 1 too sweet, 1 very good and one 1 just right-the Cherry flavored was the best of the three. For starters, Shady and Co. opted for the Piosson fume and the hamachi cru. The Piosson was delicious smoked salmon expertly presented  and the crue equally as impressive. For mains, and this where DB stands apart, Shady went for the Duck Confit and lucky lucky guest went for 95$ ribeye. The duck was as good as Shady has ever had, maybe the best period. Shady licked the bone and thought about eating that as well. Crisp, not gamey, this is THE Duck dish in Vegas. The ribeye was cooked to perfection. Shadys guest was in food heaven. For dessert, Shady went off road and ordered the cheese plate. Three off the charts cheeses, the bleu cheese being Shady's favorite. Service was as good as it gets, with Shady's server being patient, thorough and professional. The venue is impressive, and the overall was just terrific. The Duck makes Shady's hall of fame. Welcome back DB, we will see you again.
2	They still have a lot to sort out here. I understand its a brasserie and not fine dining but it could and should be better. The  Burrata was decent but not as creamy as other places. The French onion soup has a lot of beef and almost no onion or cheese. Saffron linguini was barely edible- way too spivey and barely any sea food. The side of mushrooms was way too sour but they were kind enough to take that off the bill. The molten chocolate cake was really good. Sage is a better bet or maybe we should have just got a burger.
5	Love this place. We had tried one of his restaurants in New York on loved it. We, also, loved Daniel Boulud's old resturant in Las Vegas and were sad to see it close. So when we heard he was coming back to open another restaurant, we just couldn't pass up the opportunity to try it.  This restaurant has a good mix of up-scale, as well as, casual elements.  The dinner room is large and open. The menu selection has a little for everyone ranging from artisan pasta, several classical french dishes, to burgers.  My mom tried the 3 course tasting menu and I ordered off the menu.  We started with the Thai calamari which has hints of curry and lemon grass and the pate de campagne bourguignon which came with great crusty bread, mustard and homemade pickles. Next, we had linguini de sud, which was a pasta infused with lemon and saffaron and topped with shrimp, clams, and arugula.  My mom ordered a crispy, skin on, sea bass type of fish with fingerling potatoes. And for dessert we ended with the cherry pistachio sundae topped with  butterscotch sauce and marshmellows, but next time, I have my eye on the souffle.  All the dishes where artfully presented and the staff were super helpful in suggestion. Good portion size and price!
4	Food was pretty good, the lamb is pretty amazing. Tender, flavorful, and lacking in the strong gamy smell that it normally comes with. Swordfish steak was abit bland and tough and I would pass on it. Expensive but no more expensive than other restaurants in its class
4	Beginning to think its a thing with Vegas... They are slow to cocktails and bad with follow up service. Our waiter was superb, but we didn't he didn't tell us about the specials and the refills on water were less than speedy. The kicker... There were at least FOUR men in suits standing around looking important while the servers and bus boys busted their butts. So, then why the four star review? Because the food was excellent and that's really the point. The butter poached halibut may have been the best thing I tasted all week.
5	This is quickly going to become one of my favorite spots on the strip. Quiet, yet boisterous. Elegant, but subdued. I've wanted to try Chef Boulud's food for a long time. It exceeded all of my expectations...which were very high.The service was good. We had an attentive waiter, everything came out in a timely manner and every need was met. Nothing over the top and nothing that set DB apart from the norm, but good. The only gripe I have is that it would've been nice to have some more description of the courses as they came out. These aren't your typical "steak frites" or "onion soup" dishes. Some involved some serious thought and expertise and deserved more than just, "here's your calamari."I loved the atmosphere. A fine mix of classic French decor, (tile floors and leather banquettes) and a contemporary, inviting ambience. It was luxurious, yet comfortable.But what brings this restaurant to five stars is the food. We didn't get an entree; just a plethora of small plates and appetizers.Lamb flatbread: perfectly crispy and rich. The buttery lamb was braised down with eggplant and Mediterranean spices until it was smooth and silky. The yogurt based sauce on top added just the right amount of tang to balance out the rich flavor of the lamb. It was garnished with micro cilantro that still had seedlings of coriander attached and diced apricots. Really added nice fresh and sweet notes so that everything was in perfect harmony.Shellfish plateau: this is a guilty pleasure of ours. Nothing different from the norm aside from the ridiculous freshness of everything. We had oysters from both the east and west coasts (I can't tell you what kind they were because we weren't informed). They were plump, juicy and sweet. There was also king crab, lobster tail and shrimp. The mignonette was tart and peppery and was perfect with the oysters. They also served a beautiful "French" cocktail sauce which had the addition of mayonnaise and brandy. A nice touch that gave a lobster bisque-ish flavor to the perfectly poached shellfish.Balik smoked salmon: my favorite dish of the evening. The house cured and smoked salmon was garnished simply with toasted caraway seed and sliced. It was so unctuous and creamy. Easily the best smoked salmon I've ever tried. There were little potato dauphinois puffs with the roe and a touch of creme fraiche in the middle. Light, but rich and unbelievably delicious. I wonder if they sell those instead of popcorn at movie theaters in France. The trio of salmon was finished with a decadent salmon rillette with a tiny toasted pumpernickel cracker on the bottom. So much technique was put into this dish. It was perfect.Burratta salad: a simple and unique take on a tomato-mozzarella salad. The burratta sat atop a braised artichoke heart, which, in turn, sat atop diced tomatoes. It was surrounded by a salad of arugula with a sharp balsamic vinaigrette. Under normal circumstances, the acidity of the dressing would've been overwhelming. But this is why I was so impressed with this place. The chefs know how rich the burratta is and how much it craves to be cut by a little acid. Balance. It's all about balance.Thai calamari: perfectly cooked. I know it's cliche to say something like that in a review, but more often than not, calamari is over cooked in many restaurants. The beer batter was so incredibly crispy and worked so well with the chewy texture of the beloved mollusk. The sauce was a play on thai red curry and had some good spice to it. It was all finished with pickled, bright red Fresno chiles and cilantro. A beautiful dish in sight and in taste.Pommes frites: I had to get em. Nothing special here, but they were, of course, perfect. Served with ketchup, to my surprise. I asked for a side of aioli and was obliged. When in Rome!Balance. Years of training and obsession with perfection. Countering textures and flavors. Sweet, spicy, bitter, sour, savory...they were all there. My hat is off to you, Chef Boulud. A perfect meal.
5	Never been to Vegas and came across this restaurant at the Venetian. WOW!!! The service was incredible, and the food was the best I've ever had. The shortribs were perfect and the tomato, artichoke salad was mouthwatering. My partner had a burger and he said and I quote" perfectly cooked". We split a sundae and it was to die for.. The staff was fabulous and I've never had a dining experience that was so memorable. I will always come back to this place. The BEST I've ever ate!! Warren your cocktails are the BEST!! We'll be back to book a function in the private dining room in September
5	I had the Beef Duo which was excellent because filet and short rib should be good.  Mom had the NY Steak med rare and that thick slice of goodness was the best NY that I had ever seen or tasted.  Very tender and red from edge to edge.  You only see that in a Southwest airline magazine that you expect is photoshopped.  Sister had the Duck Confit which was rich and crispy.  The best meal in Vegas ever.   France has invaded Italy and Delmonico next door is going to be the first casualty of Daniel Boulud's presence in the Venetian.  The neighbors have to step up their game now.
5	Fantastic spot for a ladies' lunch.
5	Want a french destination that you can wear shorts in? Check this place out! Everything fantastic, from the small plates to the beautiful lobster salad and giant size entree's.  A great concept.  This is a place I can't wait to return to, the cocktail menu is serious. Best bread in Vegas.  Outstanding service.
4	My dining experience here was so much better than I expected. With the glut of celebrity chef restos that phone it in and print money luring in the Food Network convention demographic, I was expecting a "nice" dinner at inflated prices. I was meeting someone during the one hour dinner break in a poker tournament and DB was very close by to the poker room. Decided it would be nice to take advantage of the better dining options at the Venetian since the Rio is sorely lacking in that area.Our hostess was very courteous when we asked if they had a table for two available although were a walk in (although I didn't show up with a huffy and entitled shitty attitude, so that probably helped too, take note Yelpers...) and we were offered a vacant table right away.We were waited on promptly and told our waitress we had a time constraint. That mostly worked well although we had to wave her down when it was time to head out, but at that point quite a few more diners had arrived and the bill was still settled in time. I chose a glass of wine from a list that looked thoughtful and well-curated. It was an exceedingly rare occasion to have an available selection of quality wines offered by the glass. Our starters were the burrata and the escargots spaetzle. The latter was an exceptional combination of flavors and textures. Mains were the halibut and Tunisian lamb. Perfectly seasoned and cooked with an elegant but simple presentation. I would go so far as to say this definitely exceeds Bouchon for a few reasons: service is better overall, ambiance more intimate (Bouchon can get deafeningly loud with a crowd in there), cocktails and wine list appear better and the food is much better overall. Not much "simple" French bistro fare at DB but most dishes feature Boloud's signature Med touches yet remain unfussy, despite the lengthy menu descriptions for some.I would compare our dinner to courses I've had at a few one-star Michelin restaurants even. I highly recommend a visit here if you're staying at the Venetian, and even if you're not it's worth coming from another hotel to dine here. We didn't have time to try dessert or an opportunity to return, but I'd love to return next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Went here based on the reviews. The place is nicely decorated. Ordered the lamb dinner and some port wine. The lamb was okay, nothing spectacular. There was a little too much fat for my liking.
4	Booked reservation on OpenTable for 3 people at 8:30 on a Sunday without issue.We were running a few minutes late, so I called the restaurant to let them know, and they were fine with it.After walking through the Venetian casino, you will find DB Brasserie nestled in a back corner with a prominently displayed "A" health rating.We were quickly seated in what was about a half empty dining room, and it remained that way through our whole meal.  The ambiance is nice, comfortable seating, booths, tables, a long bar.  Water served without ice, how European.The Cocktail Menu:There is a good mix of inventive drinks here.  I personally had the Ex Pat, with a flavor that developed nicely as the vanilla and ginger infused ice ball melted into the straight bourbon.  I tried my friend's Manhattan, and it had nicely layered flavor.Food:I started with Escargot that were fried to a delicious, almost crispy chicken skin consistency.  There was also a mixture of shaved and fried garlic with normally cooked escargot.  The Foie Gras with cashew bread and a sweet chutney leveled with the salt and fat present very well.  For Main, I had the steak frites - crunchy, salty fries, perfectly medium rare flank steak.  Friend had the New York Strip cooked near rare, and it was a little tougher than it should have been in my opinion.  Dessert - Grand Marnier Souffle - delicately delicious with nice citrus notes.  "Black and White"- decadent and very rich.General:No salt and pepper on the table, which is not surprising.  Background music was a good mixture which specifically included a song by Disclosure.  Service was attentive.We visited with the place only having been open around 6 weeks.  Overall, impressed, would come back, and not worry too much about getting a reservation on OpenTable.
5	I'll admit that I didn't really want to come here at first.  I've eaten at Daniel in NYC which is much more upscale and didn't really like it because it was way too pretentious for me and I didn't think the food was that amazing.  I like DB Brasserie way more.  Our waiter Erik R was friendly, courteous and one of the best.  Surprisingly the place wasn't that busy on  a Saturday night and reservations were easy to get.The good:Duck Confit: I loved the crispy skin. Kale was averageTerrine of Foie Gras: Amazing.  One of the best FG dishes I've tried. The peach chutney that was served complimented really well.Steak in Steak Frites: was cooked perfectly and tenderEscargot SpatzleMotlen Chocolate CakeJust okay:The fries in steak frites. Pate
5	SHORT VERSION: One of the best restaurant experiences this Vegas trip. LONG VERSION: We went here for lunch and the food portions were perfectly sized. While slightly pricy, the quality of the food was well worth it in our opinion. This is not your average French restaurant. The service was impeccable and the food was amazing. If you want to experience higher end cuisine in the style of Chopped / Masterchef / Top Chef, definitely try this place out.
4	The Skinny: well presented French bistro styled cuisine (4) service: very good without being too overbearing (4), value: for lunch, it isn't a bad deal to get three courses for $29(4).My husband and I were looking for a place to hit for my birthday. After reading about db Brasserie's lunch special, we decided to head out here to give it a try. We thought that tasting menu price had changed however it remained at $29 per 3 course prix fixe which was nice to see.We came in on a weekday and it was unexpectedly slow. We got in at 11am and we were the only table for a good 20 minutes. Even at the noon there were perhaps only 5 tables including our own in the restaurant.For our selections we chose the pate, salmon rillette, coq au vin, the loup de mer , the cheese plate and chocolate fondant.We were started off with a sourdough bread basket which was okay - nothing really special.The country pate was very good, served with 2 slices of toasted bread. Although studded with mushrooms, it didn't have that bit of umami kick I was expecting. It was served with some lovely pickled vegetables on frisee. Salmon rillette was nice and refreshing. Very similar to smoked salmon in flavor, the fennel, dill and capers provided rounded out the taste. Crisped capers added some interesting texture to the dish. It would have been better if served with a starch of either toast or some small blini.Loup de mer was prepared well and served with crisp fingerling potatoes and frisee. I thought that the sauce was a little on the bland side but otherwise a complete dish.The coq au vin was delicious. The complexity of the wine married well with the mixed mushrooms and pearl onions. The pasta it was served with felt out of place. The very al dente green pasta was placed on top of the dish and was not dressed with the sauce (to perhaps improve on the presentation?). It felt very much like an afterthought rather than an integral part of the dish. I felt that perhaps just some simple traditional egg noodles dressed with some butter may have worked better. The black and white fondant over molten chocolate cake was very good and I loved the verbena ice cream it was served with.I was less pleased with the cheese plate. The sparse grapes it was served with were underripe and starting to age (slightly getting brown and noted wrinkling at the stems). The cheese selection was good though and I enjoyed the candied nuts/preserves as well as the bread it came with.Service in general was quite smooth. The server would sometimes lapse and forget to mention what the cheese selection was. Overall water glasses were never left unfilled and our cheque was processed promptly.When it comes to db Brasserie, it is French bistro style cuisine done well....but not exceptionally well. The food lacked that bit of finesse which distinguishes good from truly excellent. Despite this, I am going interested in trying this restaurant again. Due to this, the restaurant gets a 4 starred review.
5	The food prepared by Chef Dave Middleton was so on point you'd think Daniel himself was on the line!! If that wasn't enough our Somm Devin recommended perfectly paired wines for our dinner. A true gem, and a perfect addition to the Vegas food scene.
4	This place is next to the Bourbon Room in the Venetian, right off of the casino. My friend and I walked around in circles looking for it, and of course it's in the very last place. So for sake of ease, it's next to Bourbon Room. ;)We ordered the Caesar salad, which easily split into two. They did that for us, and the flavors and textures were enjoyable.My amiga got the salmon and loved it. It was a modest-sized portion, cooked to perfection, and dressed nicely with beautiful sauces and accoutrements. I got the crispy duck confit, which I can't recommend enough! The skin was perfectly crispy, the duck was juicy, and it was served with some delicious greens and mushrooms. I highly recommend this dish.One other reviewer mentioned that you should skip the bread "basket" and the desserts. I would have to concur with this sentiment, though their hard French is quite good and salted nicely. For dessert I had the "black and white," which is a warm flourless chocolate cake with a verbena ice cream. The cake was lukewarm and got cold quickly. I didn't like the verbena ice cream at all, but I won't hate on it since it's probably a personal preference. I kept eating little bites of it to see if it would grow on me or blend with the cake nicely, but I wasn't sold on it. I don't feel like the price tag of the Black and White matched what I got. Cappuccinos were very good.This place gets knocked down a star for the service. I was NOT impressed at all. The server was very brisk with us, did not introduce himself, and treated us like we couldn't afford things. I'm glad he thinks that I look young, but it doesn't mean I can't afford the meal I want to eat. I felt very unwelcome at dinner. The food runners all seemed to be a lot calmer and certainly more polite to us than the server. The food was fantastic, and ambience was nice. It would be worth another try, but I would walk out if they gave me the same server.
3	Great, friendly and attentive service. We had the Caesar salad, duck & scallops. Salad was great, duck was good & very rich. Scallops were so-so & not something I'd recommend ordering. Over all an okay meal, but not one I'd repeat.
2	We went here for a girls night out dinner. We ordered 4 different dishes and all of us commented that all of our dishes were very salty (sea bass, duck, swordfish). The service was mediocre- the waitress lacked emotions and her voice was so quiet we could barely hear her the whole time. As for the sides, the waitress asked "what would you like for your side?" to all of us, and we thought they were included in the meal. Later when we got the bill, we found out that the sides were about $10 each. No complaints, they probably will say "it's your fault for not looking at the prices on the menu" but we felt that she should've asked instead of sounding like she's offering sides.The restaurant does have a romantic vibe though- the interior was nice.However for a $250 bill without any drinks and 4 very salty dishes, I wouldn't come back.
4	My group of about 5 girls had a grazie comp dinner for DB Brasserie so we thought that it would be perfect for us to use it for our first night in Vegas. We told the staff up front about the grazie comp and they were more than willing to accommodate us. The grazie dinner was a prefixed 3 course menu for two. This was perfectly fine between the 5 of us since we were going to order more items just in case.We ordered the calamari, caesar salad, oysters, French onion soup, salmon, and steak.Everything was superb! My favorites on the menu was everything except the salmon! The calamari was so delicious and the Thai flavors that they incorporated to it were subtle and not overwhelming. The Caesar salad and the oysters tasted so fresh. The French onion soup had a lot of flavor but it was a bit cold so my cousin and another girl had theirs reheated while the other girls and I enjoyed it cold (it was that good we didn't care to have it reheated). The steak was cooked perfectly with delicate flavors and seasonings that didn't overpower or overwhelm you.As for the salmon, it was alright. Not my favorite on the menu, but you have to eat it with the skin.For dessert we had 3 different types of sorbet and they gave me a little birthday dessert! The sorbet was okay-- a bit tart for my liking but it definitely was a palette cleanser for sure. The birthday dessert was my fav along with 2 other girls! The chocolate and the ice cream combination was divine! Also, the chocolate was very decadent and melt in your mouth. One of the girls noted that the chocolate that they put into this was very rich and not cheap at all and I agreed.Great experience at DB Brasserie, and a definite must try if you're at the Palazzo/Venetian! The space was very beautiful and elegant as well. Had a bit of a casual feel with a touch of class.
4	Bachelorette lunch with 9 girls, amazing service and good foodDuck Hash- tender, flavorful, buttery from all the duck lard.  the potatoes soaked up all the flavor so it was all deliciousthe best part of the meal was the free bread! it is SO FRESH, it just melts away like a pillow of floury goodness in your mouth!  don't be shy! it doesn't even need butter to be amazing.my friends who had salmon rillettes claimed that it was saltyoverall, a great meal at a reasonable price with perfect portions.  I wouldn't mind coming back here if I was invited
2	My husband and I dined here for our 5th anniversary.  I had read several reviews in advance and was looking forward to the experience.  Unfortunately, it felt like an expensive mistake for us.The interior of the restaurant is fairly impressive.  The finishings are nice and well suited for a brasserie.  We were given a comfortable booth, unfortunately, it was directly facing the huge tv's in the bar.  I know it's commonplace to have tv's in restaurants, but I'm not a fan.  It's a distraction from the ambiance.Service was cold and impersonal.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. It took ages to get bread (bread portion is tiny by the way).The food was extremely average and there are some bizarre inclusions on there.  We were baffled as to why there's a Thai calamari on the menu.  Apparently, the Executive Chef likes to add his own flavor to things.  That's fine, but it seems like a distortion of the message.  Isn't it meant to be an interpretation of french cooking?  Overall, we would not go back.  For the price, it certainly was not worth it.
2	This was our first bachelorette weekend dinner, and it turned out to be one of the worst meals that we had even though we heard that this is one of the up-and-coming restaurants on the Strip! It started out with us not being able to get a reservation because it was apparently "full", but when our bride's mother-in-law used her player's card perk and got us a table, we found out that the restaurant wasn't even half full that night!The Venetian had advertised their new app, which offers thousands of deals and coupons for various things on the Strip, so we were really happy to find that there was a free appetizer deal for DB Brasserie (for every 2 entrees that you order)...and that was what we did - we ordered 4 entrees and picked 2 appetizers for free. This is when our waiter started getting sour with serving our table...(if you don't want to give us free food, then don't offer it to begin with!)When the appetizers started arriving at our table, we noticed that the food was either bland or just plain terrible. When the waiter asked us how we were doing, we straight out complained but he just brushed us off and walked away with the plates...really?!The entrees eventually salvaged some part of our meal, but the whole experience was just not what we had expected from a Venetian restaurant. We couldn't wait to get out of there!
3	I think I had high expectations of this place due to famous chef Daniel Boulod. But I didn't feel the food was anything super amazing. It was just ok. Presentation and service was top notch though. We had made a reservation for a very early dinner since we had other important activities later that night. So it wasn't very busy when we went. It's also Happy Hour till 6 daily and we were hoping to take advantage but it was only in the bar area. We ended up with a bottle of the sparkling pear cider. We had to toast to a special occasion, our friend's impending marriage. First came the water (traditional = tap water vs bottled water) and then the complementary bread - an herby focaccia type and a baguette type. Anyways just to make it easier to split the bill between our large group, we opted for the prix fixe menu. It's $48 for three courses. We tried to get a variety of different things so that we could try a little bit of everything. The first two courses had 4 to 5 options and the dessert came with 3 options. For the appetizer, I had the salmon rillettes, which is like a salmon spread. Though they didn't give us any bread or something to spread it on. The salmon was good and not too fishy. Not too salty for me (other yelpers complained about this).  Topped with some white things. It also came with spots of green sauce with capers, some sort of white foam, and a super thin slice of some kind of toast (too fragile to spread any of the rillettes on but prob just to give the dish a different texture. I tried a bit of the pate de champagne bourguignon, which was not soft and spreadable, like I was expecting. Though that did come with 2 slices of fresh bread. For the main course. I had the coq au vin, which is French braised chicken. I don't think I've had it before but it wasn't my favorite. While the chicken was tender and fall-off-the-bone, it was a little dry and the flavor of the stew didn't seep into the meat and stopped at the skin. The braise of the wine, lardons (pork fat), and mushrooms was really delicious. It also had al dente pasta and perfectly cooked carrots. It came with three pieces of chicken and I really only ate one and a half. It just wasn't my favorite. I also tried some of the steak frites and it was very flavorful and tender. As for the dessert, I had the black and white fondant over molten chocolate cake and verbena ice cream. The cake was warm and chocolately and to die for. This was probably my favorite. The ice cream was very interesting. I've never had floral flavored ice cream and we were trying to figure out the taste before just looking it up. About half the table also got the pistachio and cherry sundae. It was huge and though I didn't get to taste it, everyone looked like they really enjoyed it. The other option was the fromage/cheese plate. We were also joking with our waiter to see if could get a little something something for our guest of honor and he was able to bring us a complementary chocolate cake shot. I've never had this but it's liquor you drink and then suck a sugar coated lemon and it supposedly tastes similar to eating chocolate cake. I should've paid more attention but I think and want to say our waiter's name was ryan or brian. He was great and always around to answer our questions. Also there was a multitude of waiters, guys in suits, and bus people around to take way our plates, refill the water, etc. Presentation of the dishes and the table was fabulous. We definitely ate well with our eyes first. They were always bringing our food and taking the empty/finished plates away and providing us with new utensils for every course. It was all very professional. The staff was also very available to take quite a few group pictures of us, both at the table and also right outside the restaurant. It was a very wonderful experience and I would definitely be back but maybe try some other dishes. The fois gras terrine was calling my name but I would've been too full to have that and my three course meal.
5	The atmosphere is amazing.  We were greeted immediately and seated and informed about all their specials. We received our drinks quickly and then placed our orders. The food came out timely and was amazing.  Was impressed how the staff stayed up on our every request.  Chef Robyn came out and provided us with a warm touch about her wonderful desserts and I really mean amazing.  Will be making DB Brasserie a new favorite stop
5	Amazing start to finish. I brought wine for my date and I and I don't know if they just forgot or were nice to us being locals, but we weren't charged a corkage fee. Everything was delicious. I couldn't pick a fave!
5	Very good I'm a chef . Enjoyed Nathan was a great server ! Will back. Very simple well executed meals.
2	Another NYC coffee shop pretending to be something special. And why are you playing rock music? No, really. Why? Food came out way too fast. Local chef must have fallen asleep while salting the food and continued to keep shaking while he was sleepwalking. Las Vegas continues to fool the people, not only about entertainment, but now food. When did food become a celebrity? This is really not worth the money. Take it from a fan of Daniel's NYC places. You just can't expand this way.  The food also came out way too fast. The sever saw that I still had my soup. He stood next to me with my main dish, expecting what? He asked to remove the soup, but made no attempt to disappear and return. I let him remove the soup. No sense two of us  being unhappy.....
5	Can't wait to dine here again! The food was amazing and reasonably priced for a quality strip restaurant. The dessert definitely made it into my top 5 desserts to date. White Chocolate Framboise! I can't stop thinking about it. The ambiance is very elegant and lively. Overall, just a pleasant dining experience. I noticed they do a lunch & dinner prefixe as well as a daily happy hour menu, which I can't wait to try.
5	**Restaurant Week 2014 Review**This lunch blew me away with how amazing it was.  Every course I had was over the top wonderful.  I had the fennel three ways which introduced me to fennel and I am a fan now.  The buttery trout was heaven and was paired with white and purple cauliflower.  I read the reviews on yelp and made sure to get the white chocolate framboise and this was a very successful dessert.  The framboise was the perfect size and was creamy with the perfect amount of sweet.The service was pleasant and thorough.  The atmosphere was very nice for being just off the casino floor.  I love the decor for this restaurant, it's very upscale yet cozy.  They regularly offer a 2 course lunch for $25 so I will likely be back!
2	If you love and respect Daniel Boulud, this restaurant will break your heart. As locals, we were very excited to try Daniel's new place in the Venetian. His Boulud in the Wynn was impeccable on all levels. That makes DB Brasserie an even bigger disappointment. My wife and I had made reservations far ahead and were planning to have the restaurant week menu as advertised  the day before on the Web.  We were dressed up and excited. When we arrived the restaurant was nearly empty. The greeting at the hostess stand was not worthy of Daniel. We were escorted to the worst table in the place, not in the restaurant or in the bar, but kind of in the lobby. We asked the hostess if we could sit in the restaurant, perhaps in one of the several empty banquettes. She said the restaurant was closed. Five minutes later she escorted a couple to one of the booths. A couple minutes later, another couple. We asked our waiter (Sylvano, who was good) if he could move us, which he did. The restaurant week menu was at the top end for Las Vegas restaurants, $50 for the prix fixe. Not one of the items was on the regular menu. Still, it is to support the food bank. We asked if we could substitute the cheese plate for dessert, since it was on their advertised menu. No dice. So we just ordered from the menu. The food was good, but with tacky service, a ridiculous shopping-mall sound track and a vastly overpriced wine list, this is nothing close to a real French brasserie. Don't waste your money here. Go to Bouchon upstairs in the Venetian.
5	Only complaint. Small portions and high price especially for desserts.Had trout dish. Best fish I had in a while. The French ie burger was good. Much better than any Gordon Ramsey burgers.My kids had croque sandwich. The cheese crust was good along with the eggs. So eye appleasing.Desert we had was strawberry melon sundae and black and white fondant.  Tasted like a souffle with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Desserts is excellent and different.I love decor and atmosphere of the place. Very simple yet so chic and elegant.Definitely coming back.
5	Very good!  Service was great and the food... Oh my, it was absolutely the best flavors my mouth has had the privilege of tasting!! The best! Yum:)
3	***Daniel Boulud's db Brasserie is yet another celebrity chef restaurant on The Strip that is overpriced and serves just okay food***The Las Vegas Strip is full of celebrity chef restaurants.  Most of these restaurants feel and look the same as they did 10 years ago (a lot of them have the same menu items from 10 years ago).  That being said, these celebrity chef restaurants must be doing well because they are still standing today.  The Bellagio is a great example of this.  When is the last time a new restaurant opened there?I think one of the Venetian's / Palazzo's celebrity chef restaurants did not make it though--the space I think that used to hold French bistro Pinot Brasserie has been replaced with another celebrity chef backed French bistro db Brasserie.  This hotel has several French bistros--Morels and Bouchon in addition to this new entry from New York chef Daniel Boulud.db Brasserie has a nice look.  It is not cluttered or old-fashioned.  It is a nice and simple room that is contemporary but also elegant with white tablecloth.  db Brasserie is very close to the gaming floor, but it is also next to the pathway that leads to the convention space and other restaurants so it is not too loud.Like many restaurants at The Venetian and Palazzo, db Brasserie is open for lunch and dinner.  I tried it for lunch.  Their lunch menu is fairly expensive, but they also offer a reasonably priced 3-course lunch pre fixe menu and the short rib tagliatelle entree featured in that 3-course menu looked delicious.I did not opt for the 3-course option but instead had a starter and one of their pastas in a starter size.  My starter was King crab wrapped in cucumber and garnished with melon.  Overall, it was an okay starter--light and refreshing.  Unfortunately, despite the presence of black garlic and yuzu vinaigrette, the dish was a tad on the bland side.  The King crab was also minced up too much, which was a shame since the crab would have been much more satisfying as well as much more indicative of King crab if the kitchen would have presented the crab in thick chunks.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/db-brasserie-las-vegas-2?select=ykoIxC-DJuEJcjoa3uKT9g#bKR-dezvvN38zq5uc9kJ6gIn addition, while the melon was fine, the melon did not reveal the juiciness or sweetness of melon I've had at California restaurants serving melon in the summer like Ad Hoc in Yountville or Republique in LA.  High quality produce and freshness are where a lot of Vegas restaurants fall short and that was the case here.My entree was a linguini with lemon, shrimp, clams, bottarga, and arugula.  The pasta was nicely seasoned with a light butter sauce that had a fair amount of heat.  Unfortunately, the linguini was too soft.  None of the shellfish stood out either.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/db-brasserie-las-vegas-2?select=ykoIxC-DJuEJcjoa3uKT9g#TZx2Je0qQuOLHn1xAfIGZQI was happy to find out that db Brasserie features a good variety of desserts for both dinner and lunch; there were even some freshly prepared desserts like warm Madeleines.  The Madeleines were very similar to the ones they serve at Daniel.  Daniel's Madelienes were better though because the contrast between a lightly crisp exterior and a soft interior stood out more there; still, the Madeleines here were nicely sweet, warm, soft, and satisfying.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/db-brasserie-las-vegas-2?select=ykoIxC-DJuEJcjoa3uKT9g#gxsSo0qXKcfnKfiJG1bhjwTheir profiteroles were stuffed with good caramel-coffee gelato, but the profiterole (choux) pastry was too crisp and meringue like.  The profiteroles were topped with whipped cream and a thin dark chocolate sauce.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/db-brasserie-las-vegas-2?select=ykoIxC-DJuEJcjoa3uKT9g#kzzVKiu6biP1aTLqrK5FPgThe black and white fondant did not unleash the molten chocolate center that was promised, but it was still rich, chocolatey and warm.  The cake came with verbena ice cream on the side.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/db-brasserie-las-vegas-2?select=ykoIxC-DJuEJcjoa3uKT9g#FW58V6SdrqYhdJYIHMFv2wAs mentioned, prices are high, but their 3-course lunch menu allows you to dine here and not spend a ridiculous amount of money.Service was okay to poor.  On one visit, service was efficient but not very friendly.  On another visit, the food took way too long to come out despite the restaurant not being that busy.db Brasserie is an okay French bistro, but you would be much better off heading to Bouchon if you are spending a weekend here.  Bouchon is open for weekend brunch though it is not open for a full lunch service on weekdays.  db Brasserie has all the French bistro dishes, but they just do not deliver plates of food with the quality that many would probably expect given that db Brasserie is a Daniel Boulud restaurant.Like most hotels on The Strip, The Venetian / Palazzo offers complimentary self and valet parking.
1	When I think The Amazing and fantastic chef Daniel Boloud I think of his restaurant Daniel and DBGB this place was nothing like it I have to say I was extremely disappointed I came into this place with high hopes today for lunch even though the room is beautiful and the lights and booths were really neat and fancy the overall mood was ruined by very minor details that could bring this place to become the top of the food chain in restaurants in Las Vegas. My complaints are that as I was sitting down I was overhearing what looked like to be a sommelier yelling at a busser telling him he is annoying with the questions that he would ask and he was stupid that's so inappropriate and unprofessional he should never speak to someone like that ever and I was seeing a lot of the managers walking around not smiling or greeting guests they looked depressed my server was amazing and the busser was fantastic I don't remember their names but one had an accent and the busser was a young looking kid I would only come back for their service
4	My 1st Dinner in Vegas on 9/11/14.  Elegant.  Great service.  I went with  3 other people.  Everyone was pleased with their entrees.
4	Second time here.  We came here after having bad customer service elsewhere.  Service here was great. Hostess was polite. Showed us our seat. Then asked us if the table was to our liking or we wanted something else.  Waiter was knowledgable.  There was someone to fill our water whenever it close to half empty.  Had the croque Madame from the brunch menu. $17.  Done
3	The restaurant has a bright and friendly atmosphere. The seating is comfortable and the tables are nicely spaced. Our visit was on Sunday mid afternoon and only four tables were occupied. Our server introduced himself and explained that he and an associate would be taking care of us. Water and a small basket of rolls were delivered shortly after being seated. Attention to refilling the water glasses could have been better as it was near the end of our meal that a server came around to ask us. The French Onion soup was piping hot and delicious. The soup broth was rich and not salty. There was a good quantity of onions. The Heirloom Tomato Salad contained two types of tomatoes, large slices and cherry. The use of grilled ricotta cheese was a nice twist instead of mozzarella. The tables were not set with salt and pepper shakers and our server did not offer any for the salad.The Yankee Burger consists of a 7 oz beef patty and was cooked well done as requested. The burger had a nice char and juicy on the inside. The French Fries were very good, crisp outside and soft inside.Overall the food was good but I would have expected the staff to pay more attention to details especially since the restaurant was not busy.
4	Come for Daniel  . . Stay for Steve the bartender. If you've ever had a chance to have a drink in a Vegas bar it all seems the same; except for DB brasserie. We initially decided to eat here because me and my friends heard so many great things of Chef Daniel. There was a wait for a table so we sat at the bar. Steve welcomed us really quickly and gave us menus, told us some of his favorites and even gave us a taste of a cocktail he was working on. We aren't into fancy stuck up places and Steves dive bar approach won us over. We decided to eat at the bar. He was taking shots with us and was even making jokes of other guest and employees . . this man is hilarious. The drinks were only okay and the food was barely edible (over salted) but the experience was awesome. We exchanged numbers with Steve and he said if there was anything he can get us while we where in vegas to let him know, NOW that is great service.
4	I was a big fan of the prix fixe menu for lunch. There's the option of 2 courses for $25 or 3 courses for $32. We did the 3 course meal. I liked the salmon rilette (really fresh, clean flavors), the coq au vin, and the black and white fondant. Stick with this combination and you're set.The best part to me is you can see the quality and technique behind the cooking. The salmon had the perfect texture and consistency, the chicken fell off the bone in a really velvety wine sauce, and the chocolate was rich and decadent. There's a certain skill to each of these dishes, and I was excited to see everything was made and executed perfectly.One of the better high-end lunch options on the Strip, and very worth your $.
5	Oh, my. Not only did they work out the kinks in service but they've gone above and beyond. Attentive without being intrusive, helpful without being pushy. We came here for my man's birthday and I left a small note in the OpenTable reservation about that. This often gets overlooked, but they remembered and brought out his dessert with a candle and "happy birthday" written in chocolate. The prix fixe menu (which I don't remember there being one last time I was here) is such a good deal ($48 for 3 courses)  and everything we ordered was great. We had the salmon rillete - VERY salmony and the pate - the best part was the super fragrant mustard. Coq au vin and steak frites were both cooked to perfection and perfectly seasoned. The steak was exactly medium and so tender. Finally, we had the fondant and ice cream thing, both of which were really good and not too sweet. We had a great table in the middle of the restaurant, but since the outside faces the casino floor, if you get a table on the edge (there are only a couple) I could imagine it would be pretty noisy / smoky. I did see a sign for happy hour for their bar, which I just might have to check out some time soon!
2	Very disappointing return.  When we were here in June for the opening week, we got the A Game.  Read my previous review. This time, we got the C game.  I wanted to have the NY Steak my Mom had in June, so I didn't even look at the menu.  When my $52 steak came out, it looked like a $6 steak at Carls Jr.  Over cooked, tough, and nothing like the one Mom got in June.  This is a bait and switch.  I sent the steak back and got a $16 burger which was good because they had to make it good. The other meals at the table also had a B game feel to them.  Short rib was a bit tough and dry, Sea Bass presentation wasn't appealing and their version of Caesar salad was meh.  Daniel opened DB with a bang at the Veneitan, but it appears its fizziling badly like it did at the Wynn.  Sad, but DB will not get my business again.... and sadly I'm taking Daniel in NYC off my bucket list.  Daniel can't allow this bait and switch to happen at any of his places.
4	We came here for lunch and it was surprisingly tasty. We ordered an omelette with potato, and a Yankee burger. The omelette tasted very exceptional, we can taste the herb and the creme fraiche so it wasn't just eggy tasting. The potato was awesome too. The Yankee burger came with 3 sauces and fries. The fries was done well, the sauces included ketchup, djon mustard and horseradish mayo. I like the horseradish mayo a lot with the burger. The beef patty was made fresh in house. The bread was fresh too (though I don't know if they make their own). Everything tasted exceptional. The service was good as well. Highly recommend.
5	This was a phenomenal meal all the way thru.  Huge fan of Daniel Boulud and french food in general, and was excited to give DB Brasserie a shot.  It's a beautiful space inside, and right away the servers were attentive and on point.We shared some appetizers - the Fois Gras terrine (which was nice, and missed since we can't get it anymore in Cali), and the Calamari which was fantastic.Also had the duck confit (a personal fav dish of mine), and the lamb.  The duck was fantastic - it had the crispiest skin I've had in a while.  The lamb was also incredibly tasty and cooked to a perfect medium-rare.Sincerely enjoyed it and will def be back.
4	Loved this place!  Most of our strip dining was a bit of a disappointment, but not DB.  We had an early dinner before a show, so it was definitely on the empty side, but still had nice ambiance.  The menu is French...ish.  Some of the classics, and then some really inventive stuff.  We started with French onion soup (classic, well executed) and escargot spaetzle (yeah, you read that right...and it was pretty great).  Then we had a lamb flatbread, which was our least favorite.  Just a weird mix of flavors for a flat bread, and too much topping for the thin bread.  But that was completely forgotten when our entree arrived - the duck confit.  Holy poultry, it was amazing.  The duck was PERFECT - moist with skin as crisp as a chip.  The jus was ridiculously flavorful, and it was all atop fabulous greens that soaked up the jus perfectly.  If you go, I'm begging you to order the duck.  Hands down our most memorable food item in Vegas.
3	Food was very good, better than I expected.  I just feel the location is not great.  Opens up to all the slot machines.  Very noisy.   Service was also a bit slow.  I enjoyed the meal, however nothing really special, and I can't imagine I would dine there again.
5	Ok, we all know that Vegas has a tremendous selection for dinner and I have to say, when I first read some of the reviews, I was very skeptical. I almost cancelled my reservation at the last minute. I was eating early and alone as my wife has a business dinner. All I can say is that I am glad I did not.I will say the host staff could act like they were a little more interested in your being there. I was not very impressed. Now, my server was exceptionally good. Now granted I had the first res of the night so he was not busy at any time during my visit so that probably helped. The menu is extensive and there were a variety of things that caught my eye. I asked for his opinions and he was very helpful in guiding me to some things that he thought would be best based on what I had shared with him.First off, I started with the Escargots Spatzle. The reason I went with this was that the server told me that a lot of people who like escargots said this was a unique preparation that they enjoyed. That is an understatement. I love escargots but let's face it. It is usually the quality of the snail that makes the dish because frankly the variety in preparation is minimal. This breaks the mold. Now, the snail may not be the most succulent or tender that I have ever had but all of that is forgotten when you taste the spatzle and the hazlenuts. If I could have picked up the bowl and licked it at the table I would have.For my entree I went with one of my favorites, the crispy duck confit. Now, as far as entrees this was the main one that caught my attention. Sometimes you get great confit and sometimes you get it overcooked. Tonight was a masterful preparation. There was a concoction of swiss chard, turnips, mushrooms and a gravy that were incredible on their own, but the duck was certainly the star. I cannot recall a time when my confit was so tender and flavorful. It was just prepared exactly the way it should have be. Loved this meal. Sometimes these big names in Vegas can be a real let down but not here. I am just stunned at some of the negative reviews. I guess it could be hit or miss but my visit was a smashing hit.
4	DB Brasserie was great!  We went with a large group of 10 people, and had a fantastic meal.  I ordered the duck based on the waiters recommendation, and it was fantastic.  Crispy but also flavorful.  We had quite a few appetizers.  The only app that I would stay away from was the $80 seafood platter.  It was lobster and oysters, but was definitely overpriced and nothing special.They also had a drink there that was very impressive.  It was basically a burbon poured over a vanilla infused ice cube.  As the ice melted, the drink got sweeter and became delicious.  That was worth going for, just in itself!
1	Had dinner with my co workers .Cesar salad covered in garlic, no thanks .Ok, I will try a tossed garden salad . Horrible oil dressing. Waitress says no ranch dressing , just odd stuff. Dinner came finally. It was ok , nothing great .
1	Just more info on my dinner .My salmon came, it had the skin left on, grossed me out . And it was over cooked.
5	Staff were friendly, knowledgeable. The food was fresh and the drinks were consistently good. It was a nice reprieve from the busyness of the resort and casino. Our food was spectacular, and I'd recommend this to anyone looking for something different and memorable.
5	We had dinner on Nov.11, 2014. Everything was excellent from the time we sat down until the time we left the restaurant. The service was very well orchestrated. The food and the service was excellent! My wife had the special, tagliatelle white truffle pasta. I ordered the Coq au Vin. We started with the Tarte flambee and Escargot spatzle. Everything was delicious! I would highly recommend this restaurant. I will be back next time.
4	I came here for dinner during my vacation to Las Vegas. This is a French bistro with wood tones and low lighting which makes a romantic but not stuffy atmosphere.We had the prix fixe menu which included an appetizer, main course, and dessert. The portion sizes were on the small side but perfect if you aren't starving. The plates were very flavorful.This is the kind of place you can go on a date or with family so I would recommend it. The service was top notch: always filling your water and asking if you need anything or liked you dish.
3	My boyfriend is a fan of the chef's restaurant in London so we wanted to try this out for our next visit to Vegas. The atmosphere is good, the food was quite amazing and the drinks were inventive. Why am I only giving this 3 stars? Our waiter left a lot to be desired.The bottom line for me is, if you are charging over $40-50 an entree, I expect the service to be great. It can really make or break a dining experience. I don't really care what the excuse is- I want a good service experience if I am paying so much! I can be slightly understanding if it is clear the waiter is swamped, etc. And in the least please at least communicate with us why things are taking so long/why you are not so attentive- that can help us understand quite a bit. However the restaurant was not that busy and seemed plenty staffed. The table next to us had a completely different waiter (who seemed much better). I think our waiter just wasn't very good. He didn't even tell us about specials- which we overheard the next door waiter going into detail for his table. We had to ask if they had a fixed menu (which we wound up declining to order from after having to wait for that to be produced).He took forever to bring us menus, then left us waiting there forever. Every time we had a random question he would wander off for a while and help others and then we would have to flag him to come back. It took forever to even get a cocktail order in. It is a problem when you are worried about what you ordered ever arriving (like I did with my wine I wanted with my entree which I did get luckily) -and having that be in the back of your mind while trying to enjoy your meal. Or even having to worry about getting your waiter to pay attention to you long enough to order something you want. My boyfriend ordered a gin and tonic for his main course and it never came (unlucky for him), so by the time he finished he called the waiter over and the waiter said "oh it will be right out" and my boyfriend said "well I am done now. I don't want it anymore" and took coffee instead. Also smaller thing but we ordered a bottle of sparkling water with someone pouring for us, and when he was in the middle of pouring our water he asked if we wanted an extra bottle since we were near the end and we said yes, then he just walked off with our "old" bottle that still had maybe half-3/4 a glass left! It was a shame because once again the food was wonderful- but this kind of sullied my experience. Perhaps we will try it again and hope for a better waiter, but with a laundry list of restaurants to try on the strip.... not so sure.
4	Really enjoyable dinner here. I had a few reservations based on some of the reviews here but thankfully my experience here was really good. I had escargot and scallops while my wife had goats cheese salad and roast chicken. No complaints from us, portions were good and the food tasted great. Wait staff were very attentive constantly checking on us and refilling water. Cocktails were good too. The only minor quibble was the the place was mainly empty and we were still sat between two other occupied tables.
4	I came here for a happy hour snack only. The parmesan fries were tasty and crisp, though the accompanying horseradish aioli could've been more pronounced (too subtle for me). The blanc de blanc (NV Lucien Albrecht) and zinfandel ('11 Peachy Canyon) were impressive, given that they were on sale during happy hour.
3	One word comes to mind when eating here....CORPORATE...hey the food is decent no doubt, but how about a little soul coming out of that kitchen...check out L'atelier at the MGM if you want to know what I mean....and what the F is the deal for the prices that are charged for cocktails here, I know it is a profit center for you guys but Daniel really- if you have a corporate charge card and are a wannabe from LA- this is your place...
2	I had brunch at this place. The food quality is decent, however, it's way overpriced. For example, the quiche we had is tiny, and is $16. Also, I noticed that the gratuity suggestion they provide on the bill is calculated based on post-tax amount. I think it should be calculated based on pre-tax amount. I've had better experience elsewhere.
5	Terry was an absolutely delightful server.  We ordered the Dine Las Vegas Pre Fixe Menu when we were there.  I went with th eRosemary Foccacia,  Kale Salad,  Flatiron Steak, and  Frambois.  I love the atmosphere of this restaurant.  There is french dance music playing but it doesn't drown out your conversation.  The lighting is plenty but dim enough to give a classy but relaxing ambience.  There are also small romantic tea-leaf candles at each table.The rosemary foccacia was warm, tasty, and soft.  The flatiron steak was cooked medium-well and it was perfect.  There was a glaze drizzled on the plate.  The dessert was divine! :-)
4	Really sweet restaurant. I came for brunch and ordered the cheese plate, the croque madame, and the madeleines. Everything was really good, but the madeleines were my favorite....super fresh out of the oven with a little powdered sugar on top. I definitely want to come back for dinner.
4	Not sure why there are some bad reviews of this place, I had a really nice dinner here recently. We were looking for somewhere low key to celebrate our wedding night, and this fit the bill as the menu looked good and we were staying at the Palazzo.We ate early, around 6, on a Sunday night and there was hardly anyone in the place - the hostess even joked that there was an hour wait when we asked for a table.I had the beet salad and roast chicken, and both were very tasty.Our waiter was very attentive and professional.
1	Stopped by on Thanksgiving and sat down at the bar hoping to order a drink and a quick bite. It took a very long time to get the bartender's attention, even though he was literally right in front of us. When he finally noticed us we had to repeat our drink order three times. Why you ask? Because the bartender was drunk...and not just tipsy...almost falling down drunk. When we finally got our drinks we attempted to order food, but the bartender was too impaired to take our order. Honestly, for a moment we thought we were being Punked because the situation was so ridiculous. We had to ask for a manager who came over, took our food order, and moved us to a table so we would no longer have to deal with the severely impaired bartender. The rest of our meal was slightly off because our food was delivered to our table but we really did not receive any sort of "service." The food was fine...nothing special. We had the Thanksgiving special pre fixe, so I do not know if that is very representational of the regular menu...and I do not think I will ever find out because I will not be returning.
5	I came into this restaurant for after dinner drinks, and it was a very good choice. There is a small lounge area but the bar itself was very inviting. All the bartenders,  servers, and even the bar backs were all very nice and friendly. I tried something from the drink menu called Menage Trois, which was actually 3 different champagne glasses, as  shown in the picture, each with a different champagne and flavor. The first I believe was just champagne with a vanilla sugar cube, the second, was champagne with chambord in it, and the third was a rose champagne. They were all delicious and a must if you like bubbly drinks.Didn't get to try the food but it is on my to do list.
5	One of the major highlights of our recent trip to Vegas! =)The service was excellent, the food was expertly prepared, but what really blew me away was the dedication to customer service.  Manager Chris and Chef Dave went above and beyond to meet my requests and did so with perfection! Outstanding French Onion Soup, scrumptious Duck Confit, and OMG (why does CA suck?!) amazing Foie Gras. Am so glad that Daniel has another place in Vegas; it's been too long since I've enjoyed his food.  Am thinking of my next meal there, in about a month! Be sure to set aside some Foie! ;)
5	This place has the best steak frites I've ever eaten.  It was just a wonderful meal; simple, tasty, and drizzled in some sort of magical gravy.  I also got the kale salad -- and for those who know me, this may come as a shocker -- I'd order it again in a heartbeat!Service was quick and attentive.  They have a reasonable beer and wine selection, so you'll find something to fit your palate.  I'd recommend this as an easy choice if you're staying at the Venetian.
3	Food was slow and lukewarm.  We had the steak frites and it was cooked poorly and cool to the touch.  Restaurant was way too loud.  Should advertise this as a bar scene.  Not fit for foodies.
4	if nothing else, COCKTAILS, COCKTAILS, COCKTAILS!!!  these were delicious!!  i had Gettin Figgy With It, Le Boulevardier, and The Ex-Pat in that order.  Since I'm a slow drinker, I enjoyed The Ex-Pat the most since the ginger-vanilla ice melted into the maker's and it tasted different with every sip.for the table, we got the foie gras, which was the largest i'd seen, and the beet salad.my colleague had the trout, another had the steak frites, and i had the scallops.  everyone said their dish was delicious, and i cleaned off my plate.after all the alcohol, dessert was somehow a good idea.  we had the chocolate echelle and the sundae.  this is clearly not a michelin-starred restaurant like his spots here in nyc, but i wanted to give db brasserie a shot since his restaurants here are difficult to get reservations at.  the service here was spot on.  our waiter, whose name i don't remember, was so awesome.  he was honest in his recommendations and was a cool guy overall.i've already recommended this restaurant to friends who frequent vegas!
2	Came here for a business dinner, we had a conference in the hotel. We made a reservation and were seated quickly. The service is very good here, no complaints.For a Boulud restaurant is one doesn't quite live up to standards. I've been to others and they were much better. I had a pretty basic french meal consisting of a salad and steak frite. The steak wasn't great, nor were the fries. The salad was okay. The wine selection is excellent, at least I was happy with that.Mr. Boulud was in the restaurant at the time we dined, I got to meet him which was cool. I expected the meal to be even better than usual with his presence keeping the staff in tip top form, pretty dissapointing.
2	I know there are lots of good reviews for this restaurant but I'm about to bust your bubble. I had high hopes for his restaurant but I was really disappointed. My family and I went here for our Thanksgiving dinner. First off our table wasn't ready when we got here when they specially told us to be there on time when we booked. I tried to get a drink at the bar and when I requested a drink that wasn't on the menu the bartender rolled his eyes and said "I don't make that". Ok thanks for the attitude. We finally get dinner. We had a large dinner which was good, brought our own wine & user the corkage fee. The main thing that I have to complain about this restaurant is the service. It took forever to get out food, our wine corked, even the initial introduction from our waitress took forever. We would request additional condiments, water or utensils from busers...and would constantly have to remind them when they returned to our table without the requested items. We informed the waitress after dinner and at the time we ordered coffee that we had a show to catch and would need the coffee to come out as soon as possible. We also ordered a Resling 15 minutes prior to the coffee that has not yet arrived. 20 minutes later our coffee arrive as did the Resling finally.  We total the man bringing the Resling that we didn't need it anymore because he has a show to catch and wouldn't have time. He said it would take less than a minute to open in which case I replied "And how long do you anticipate it will take us to drink?" I thought the service for a restaurant of that caliber was really subpar. I probably will not return to the restaurant and will probably recommend anyone that asks to stay away.
5	Back again.  Server Robert made a convincing argument to try the prix fixe meal and the trout.  Thank you! The trout must have been fileted by a practicing surgeon because it was beyond beautiful. Poached perhaps in butter and then gently grilled and finished with a rich sauce of butter and raisin, it was a revelation. The wine buyer here has made DB a place to visit on a regular basis.  I love the casual vibe, but the five star kitchen and service are really striving to stand out here. A Must visit!
5	DB Brasserie was the location of two very important events this December:#1 My friend's birthday.#2 My last meal before I had all four wisdom teeth extractedI ate at DB Brasserie 7 days ago. It was the last "real meal" I have had in a week. As I type this review I have been living off of chicken broth, extra blended smoothies, hydrocodone, ibuprofen, water, and lots and lots of sleep. When we arrived at the restaurant we were greeted by the hostess who noted I was a local, which I thought was a nice touch. We were brought into the restaurant to a round 4-top table in the middle of the dining area. Our server arrived and quickly gave us our menus, and a wine catalog. I ordered a Chardonnay ($11), can't remember which region of France at this time. Before our drinks came out the server dropped off some very light, airy, cheesy round breads, "compliments of the chef" - they were savory and light.Next came the bread and butter plate, a decent portion with warm, spreadable butter.Appetizers arrived in a timely fashion, we had:Terrine of Foie Gras that comes with fig mostrada, turnips, almonds, and a balsamic, and rustic bread to supplement. The foie is meat butter if you want to get down and be honest with yourself as you slather it on the bread, top with a bit of fig and devour. Escargot Spatzle, our second choice of app, was fantastic. An earthy dish with many complexities to include fried chicken "oysters", mushrooms, garlic, a parsley sauce, hazlenuts, and of course, the snail fricassee itself. Each bite is a different medley of flavors. Make sure to get a bit of everything.Next, both my friend and I took advantage of their Prix Fixe Menu, for $48.I started with the country pate - pork, with pickled vegetables, comes with rustic bread (more bread!), as well as a small dollop of grain mustard. I would have killed for some more of that mustard. The pate itself was pale in comparison to the foie and the escargot I had just consumed. Not to say it was bad, but just somewhat bland.As for the main course, both my friend and I decided to go with the server's suggestion of trout, which comes with broccoli, cauliflower, golden raisins, capers, and a brown butter sauce. As I first ate the fish it was delightful with a pleasantly crispy skin and flaky fish inside. But as I continued to eat the dish got very, very salty. Unfortunately I believe my fish was over-salted. I actually could not finish the whole piece as it was just too much.Lastly, I had the black and white fondant, which comes as a molten chocolate cake, topped with the fondant and accompanied with vanilla ice cream. I also paired my dessert with a cup of coffee. This was a fabulous way to end the meal, as the cake was baked to perfection, with gooey warm chocolate inside and topped with the perfectly placed presentation of black/white fondant.Overall this was a fantastic dining experience. One I would recommend to anyone looking for a moderately priced French meal in Las Vegas. I will be back... you know, after I can eat solid foods again.
3	I was so looking forward to eating here again after the last stellar performance (see prior review), but I am sad to say that my great expectations only led to a greater letdown. The food:Charcuterie board - prosciutto, duck rillettes, pate. While the duck rillettes were interesting, the other items were unimpressive both in quality and flavor. The standouts were the single cornichon and the mustard, both of which I wish there had been more of.Steak frites - the steak was tough to cut and even tougher to chew. Short rib orecchiette - Really good flavor and loved the thin slices of short rib, but the noodles were fairly soggy and mushy in the mouth. Linguine du sud - noodles were al dente perfection and so deliciously lemony, but the arugula left a lingering bitterness that deterred you from the next bite. Can't remember what it was called, some kind of mushroom pesto pasta - was fine, and apparently not very memorabeThe service:We were seated right away and greeted immediately. After that, however, with the exception of taking our order and bringing us our check, the waiter did not once stop by our table during the course of our nearly two-hour meal. He was also serving the large group near us, but he literally did not once stop by to ask how our meal was going. The ambiance:Red Hot Chili Peppers and No Doubt - both musical favorites of mine, but maybe not so much during a pricey dinner at a white-table-cloth French restaurant.The inconsistency in service and food, as evidenced not only by my varied experiences, but also by the all-over-the-board other reviews here, makes it hard to rave about this restaurant to others.
5	DB Brasserie has remained in our bookmark forever, and we finally had the chance to try their brunch today.Items selected:- Seafood Linguini (I had small $17 or large $28)- The Yankee Burger- Freshly Baked MadeleinesSeafood Linguini was prepared with lemon-saffron pasta, clams, shrimps, bottarga, and arugula. It was possibly the best pasta I've had in Vegas. The sauce was so light that I was able to fully examine the flavor of clams and shrimps, and the shaved bottarga added crunchiness to the texture. It's interestingly similar to Giada's signature spaghetti as both featured lemon and seafood, but I guess I have to call it a draw here.The Yankee Burger, 7oz beef patty, iceberg, tomato, vidalia onion, sesame bun, pickle, french fries. Of course, no cheese and no bacon. The beef patty was tender and juicy, but the buns didn't soak up the juice as the outer layer of the patty was aptly sealed. For a simple burger like this, execution is everything and DB didn't disappoint.Finally, as my wife has a health issue lately, we wanted something not cold as the dessert. So we picked Freshly Baked Madeleines, warm miniature lemon cakes - the server let us know that it's sharable for two. Perfect! There we had it with espresso and camomile. And when it came out... we were surprised it was actually a collection of tiny madeleines, warm and soft just out of the oven. It was amazing, and paired well with the camomile.The billed amount was refreshingly smaller than I'd expect for a fine dining experience... It's going to be a strong pull for us to come back soon.Thank you Daniel Boulud, I think you've nailed it here.
1	Rude. Unfriendly. No service. My friend and I sat at the table for 20 minutes without service. We asked for a menu, and got attitude from the hostess. We left and never turned back. It was extremely expensive, so they lost hundreds of dollars from us.
4	Good, GOOD and GOOOOD!Cute place with nice ambiance. Easy to find inside Venetian. Everything was very flavorful. Service was good but the drinks were weak. =PFrench cuisine so the taste was rich. Foie gras was wonderful, Charcuterie platter was great, the pasta to the seafood tower all were delicious. Hopefully next time, they can make the drinks less watery. =)
4	I was definitely in the mood for French cuisine and reserved a table for lunch. Tables began to fill half way into eating.  A bread and butter starter was given after taking orders.  Everything looked so appetizing and ended up selecting the Crispy Duck Hash. Very French I think. The dish was beautifully presented with the duck meat pieces hidden underneath the watercress salad, and potato squares ( the hash). Let the egg over easy yoke runnith over the hash and duck meat to soften some of the hash. Some pieces could have been cooked a little bit longer. The duck vinegarette enhanced the taste of each bite. I finished every bite til the plate was clean. The plate portion was just perfect for lunch. Service was good and water pours were on par. If I come back to Vegas I would definitely try more items on the menu or the pre fixe menu. You can add bottomless mimosas, bellinis for $20 more, or Bloody Mary for $25 to your meal for brunch. Bon appetite!
4	After watching Daniel B on TV I have always wanted to try his restaurant and we were not dissapointed one least disappointed.We went there for lunch and surprisingly it was not crowded at all.  The ambience was just perfect for a nice romantic lunch for 2 and our server with her French accent was extremely helpful and even brought me extra bread and butter lol!For the appetizer we shared a Pork Pate with toast and it was very interesting to say the least.  For the main course the wifey had the seafood on Linguine cooked to perfection and I had the Mussels in the white wine source.Lunch was good and yes if we can afford it we will be back when in Vegas lol!!
3	I came here over New Years Eve weekend.  Full disclosure, I am not a huge fan of French food but since everyone else in my group wanted to try it. For appetizer we had the charcuterie platter and the chicken liver pate. Both were pretty good and nice to share. DB Brasserie has a signature French bread that is basically a hollow bread roll seasoned with peppers and cheese. It was really unique but delicous. I had the seafood linguine which was decent but not like earth shatteringly good. The pasta had a unique lemon and saffron taste to it which was delicious. The service left much to be desired though. The restaurant wasn't the least bit crowded but service was very slow!All in all it was good food but i guess I expected something different from a place that was as upscale as this one was.
4	I've been to New York twice & have wanted to try Daniel both times, but since my  surname is neither Buffet nor Gates...I stuck with wallet friendlier places.  Realizing that DB was also part of the Boulud empire, i easily convinced my family to try this place out for Saturday nights dinner. For Starters, we ordered:A bottle of light & crisp  chardonnay $80 A Dozen oysters (6 EC / 6 WC) Those were probably some of the best oysters I've had (comparable to Hog's Island & Watergrill) normally not a big East Coast fan, these were extremely succulent & just a tad bit briny, it was deelish! The West Coast ones never really vary much & are constantly plump & sweet, also delicious!  $36For appetizers we ordered: The Hieirloom beet (light, sweet & refreshing) $13King Crab Salad (a bit heavier then i would have liked, but good flavor & expected for a winter based menu) $20For Entrees we ordered: Duck Confit - traditional & flavorful, perfect for warming up the belly on cold winter nights! $36Short Ribs Orecchiette - It was good, nothing spectacular $24Seafood Linguine - also decent, nothing spectacular $28Wild Mushroom Cavetelli - i actually don't remember trying this one, my dad ordered it. $22Seared Scallops - Good flavor, perfectly seared, soft & tender texture $33Seabass - Creamy, never been a big fan of seabass but for the type of fish, it was definitely cooked well $For Dessert, we ordered:3 cheese plate - incredibly lackluster, disappointing selection of cheeses available Overall, the food was satisfactory, I would suggest skipping the pastas & just ordering the more classic french dishes.  Can't be bothered reviewing the service since it was close to non-existent, but had a wonderful dinner none the less. Cheers!
3	located in venetian. I thought this place was a bit overpriced for how much they give you. Saying that, they did have some very delicious and tasty dishes. The duck hash: topped w/ potatoes, salad, and a fried egg on top. It was tasty and the sauce was heavy and solid. I had a bite of the quiche and I thought it was amazing. If only they give you more portion, I might have given it a 4 stars cause even the girls at the table didn't leave full and that's shocking considering how little they eat. So maybe come in if you're not too hungry, cause their food are pretty good. I'll consider coming back just that I think for how much you're paying, it's not really worth it.
2	I was so looking forward to eating at a Daniel Boulud restaurant and was very disappointed in the service.  It took 15 minutes from the time we were seated before our server came to greet us and provide menus to us.  After about 10 minutes, we had to ask for menus which then came 5 minutes later.  No apology from the server was given for the wait, and the restaurant wasn't even busy in my opinion.  There were a fair amount of empty tables around.  In addition, when we sat down our party had two dirty napkins at the table that we needed to have replaced and when the server took our order, she forgot a person in our party.  She was about to walk away and then we had to speak up and let her know she didn't get his order.  In addition, my friend ordered a soda while the rest of our party ordered cocktails.  We all got our cocktails in a normal amount of time.  His soda took FOREVER.  We were all so annoyed at this point we were ready to just cancel the soda.  Soda should not take longer than cocktails to come out. Any of those things alone may not have been a notable issue, but all of them combined definitely left us feeling irritated.  As for the food, it was decent.   I had some of the charcuterie plate and cheese plate our group ordered and then the French Onion Soup and Brussels Sprouts on the side. I also tried the short rib pasta dish my other friend had.  Nothing to write home about, just average.  To be fair, I was a little put off with the service by the time the food arrived that I didn't give the food much thought.  Nothing was going to save my experience.  I should say though that my friend had the duck and he inhaled it, which he told me turned out really well.
2	As a fan of Chef Boulud and in particular cafe Boulud in NY (read my review), this was extremely disappointing, one lowers ones expectations for Vegas but seriously this was horrible, Tuna Nicoise $26  - four 1" seared (perhaps seared the day before) pieces on a plate with some salad and a fingerling cut into three pieces and four cherry tomatoes, it looked like it had just been slapped on the plate, Pablo had the half portion of seafood linguine and gave it a 3/10, laws a mouse would have gone hungry on this portion.  Service was slow and the place was just too noisy, still starving we ordered a french onion soup and pesto caesar to fill up on.  These were adequate but far too much pesto - this could have been great if it were more subtle.  So my friends save all your money for when you are in NY and do Chef Boulud properly.
4	I had dinner here with a group of associates on Monday night. Our table was ready at the time of our reservation, and we did not have to unnecessarily wait. The food was excellent. They were busy, but I can tell they worked hard to give us attention.   I loved their gruyere cheese bread, and the scallops entree I had was delicious. I also tried the prosciutto plate with tapenade, hummus plate, and a piece of white fish from the sea bass entree.It's well lit and a bustling place. I would recommend coming here if you like steak or seafood.
