4	Oh wow, I thought about being the first to review this place...but just added it to the review of the MGM Grand...but I have to review it now!I LOVE this pool.  I didn't pay to get in and was there early Friday when no one was there so I was able to see the pool in all it's quiet glory.  It's great looking and the cocktail servers were also super attentive and friendly.  It got crowded sometime after 1 PM but still was nice.  Awesome cushy lounge chairs and these great plastic lounge chairs IN the pool...I loved those.  My friend also loved the Kobe Beef Sliders she ordered poolside and we enjoyed our Bloody Marys a lot.  Lots of pretty people trying really hard to be extra pretty.  My only complaint was the $7.00 water.  It became the joke of the weekend, because no one should pay that much for a 20 oz. bottle of water.  Other than that, great pool!  I'm pretty sure ladies are free before 12 PM during the week, so be sure to check it out if you're an MGM guest...
2	My co-workers mom owns a suite at the MGM Signature towers so we decided to check out this pool. In true "Hollyweirdo" form, there's a line to get in and they card you so don't forget to stick your ID in your speedo strap so you don't have to walk two miles back to the room to get it like me. There's a cover charge on the weekend if you aren't a guest/owner of the hotel so luckily we didn't have to pay ($10 girls, $20 guys).Be prepared for a ridiculous wait unless you are a promoter of some sort or a local who knows someone who works the door. I really, really, hate waiting in lines to get into the "hot" spots of the moment, so I took the time to analyze and ridicule those who were working the door. The men wear these baby pink Lacoste polo shirts with the collar popped (so not cool) and white shorts; they have robotic expressions and  a snail like sense of urgency in their efforts to move people through the line as efficiently as possible. There was a short girl with jugs as big as her head along with other severe looking attributes walking to and fro, also not helping much to get people out of the heat and into the pool. My blood continued to boil, not just from the triple digit heat, but also when they requested that all of us in line scoot over to let a magazine promoter and 20+ of his underage looking posse of girls wearing the magazine logo on their tank tops in before us. There were better looking (and of age) people who were waiting in line long before these f***kers; rest assured I don't think any of us in line recall the name of the magazine, nor will we ever have the desire to after that debaucle! :)Lame thing #2  is that you have to pay for a lounge chair-they quoted us (4 girls) something like $175! N!?#a puhlease, unless those chairs have human hands attached to them that massage you and apply sunscreen to your back I would never be the idiot who pays that laughable fee.Anyway, when we finally got in I was like, "THIS is what the hype is all about?"  It's a decent place to chill but by no means is the pool anything spectacular or awe inspiring. There's a main pool with a shallow area that houses cool green chairs, which are miraculously free to use if it isn't taken. The pool is all but 4 feet deep-strictly standing room only, so don't worry if you can't swim unless you're 3' tall, and there is a small pool set up for volleyball. Then there's a few narrow wading pools to one side.A full bar and shaded patio area w/ tables (reserved) overlooks the main pool area. A DJ booth is also posted up here and the one who was spinning was really good-it was perfect summer/poolside music, not just the same ol' shit top 20, so having a live dj was a nice touch.The bartenders are very nice, the waitresses have the cutest outfits-classy and stylish and they're pretty girls, not the type you'd expect them to have: the typical over done so L.A. Type, which the waitresses are not. The bathrooms are surprisingly clean throughout the day. A tip for the ladies - if you think you're about to get your monthly visitor remember to bring some back up - a poor girl I ran into in the bathroom was desperately searching out some *ahem..feminine products to no avail..and of course no one around had one available, nor do they sell them in the restrooms in those little machines.This pool attracts the pretentious, try too hard, super sized breast implants, hair, and overbaked, scarily thin set..complete with high heels that are totally impractical, if not a hazard when worn poolside. Trust me I'm not a hater, I know beauty and the aforementioned is not! There are posers, scenesters, and wannabes galore. Then you have some out of towners totally in awe as though this is what real life is like (well, maybe if real life is a music video) and thankfully, there are a good amount of regular people who get a lot of interesting/twisted people watching time in. It's a circus in there, but a different pool experience. Good to go just once because the appeal wears out quick. There are cooler pools elsewhere I'm sure, I guess since it's newly opened there's a lot of promotion to build it up so people think it's something special even if it's not. If you do check it out and it turns out to be too much of a headache to get in, don't waste your time or $. Just mosey on over to the several pools outside of the walls, such as the lazy river. There, you can use the lounge chairs FREE of charge, no cover or line to gain access (the way it should be), free towel service, and even a little bit of shade! You can even hear the music from wet republic if you lounge at the pool right outside of it. The same, if not a better bet!
5	This pool is hard to find! but luckily for my group of girls, a nice young man approached us and escorted us to the pool, then the front of the line and into the pool with no hassle and no cover.   We found green lounge chair partially in the water and were immediately provided beer by a nice group of guys (one just so happened to be on the show entourage!).  I wanted to order champagne for everyone but the cheapest bottle they had was $450!!!  So i opted for a $95 pitcher of mojitos instead!  The pool was more laid back, but people there really wanted to mingle.  there were chicken fights going on in the pool and girls dancing around on the sides to chill poolside music.  My group of 7 girls had so much fun.  Great place to meet people and to just people watch!
4	Wet Republic is one of Vegas' newest and coolest daytime pool parties, becoming increasingly popular. We were on our way to check out the MGM pool when we were given passes to check out the party. We were so glad we stumbled upon this cuz it was the most fun we had during our trip. And how convenient, it was located right inside our hotel. Great DJ, spacious bar, clean and inviting pool area and good-looking people. Reserving a bed or cabana is a must! Note: The cost for a bed is $300, with a $150 food & beverage minimum. Totally worth it. Oh and the cocktails were refreshing too. Especially their strawberry mojitos!FYI: If you like Rehab, then you will probably like Wet Republic because it's way cleaner and less hectic. You can actually relax in the water here without getting trampled on or getting water mixed with pee and who knows what splashed in your face!
5	Wet Republic has taken over the top spot of my favorite pool in Las Vegas. Sorry, Venetian and Bellagio. Definitely not sorry to Hard Rock.  As we began our trek through the long walkways that is the mecca of MGM Grand, we were finally able to locate the way to Wet Republic. We stumbled upon Justin, staff for WR,  who immediately ushered us in, skipping the cover charge, and setting up our chairs & beach towels for us....damn, its great to be a girl.  Inside we found refreshing saltwater pools (amazing for the skin), a DJ playing the hottest music (amazing for the mind), and tasty cocktails (amazing for my blues).  Their specialty drinks were excellent -with the "Skinny Dip" being my personal favorite. Prices for the drinks and food are average, however be mindful of what you order because it can quickly add up throughout the day.The chairs were the most comfortable beach chairs I've ever laid my pretty, little head on. Also, I fell in love with the green chairs that allowed me to tan and yet still have part of my body submerged in water. Crowd was chill, unpretentious, and friendly. If you like the Hard Rock/"Rehab" pool crowd, (frat boys, all dressed in Hurley and girls with frosted highlights and orange spray tans) you will probably not be happy at WR. Servers were attentive and always available. Space is limited during midday, so I suggest to get there early (before 12pm).  WR could be a good remedy for that hangover from the crazy night before.  Once you're in, you could probably plan on spending the whole day at WR  - and why not, its Vegas!
3	By far the best music at any of these "ultra pools."  The DJ was insane!  Wet Republic was fun, but the pools at Hard Rock and Palms are better.  The bar section is really nice with a bunch of TV's.
4	I stayed at the MGM the third week of June this year and was sad I stumbled upon Wet Republic so late in my visit!  This is a great pool with great drinks, music, people and service.  I was there during the week, so didn't encounter some of the charges and lines other reviewers have talked about.  I was there with my mom, and she's very cute- we had no problem getting in so she's not your typical looking "mom."  There were some chairs open, so we didn't have to pay anything to sit somewhere.I feel like some of the prices at this place change.  When i was there, the bed lounges were $100, but then if you could spend that $100 on drinks and food.  I'm not sure how much the cabanas were that day.  I had the champagne snow cones.  They were okay, too sweet for me, and I couldn't taste champagne at all.  There are mostly good looking people in here, but not everyone so it's not horribly intimidating.  There were even a few lookers I wondered how they got in.  (I know that's really bad to say!)The DJ was awesome!
5	I had a great time at Wet Republic.  I was a guest at the MGM and went to the pool on a Monday and Tuesday.  I didn't have to pay a cover charge or wait in line.  I didn't have to pay for a beach chair.  It is a long walk once you get into the pool area if you are coming from the MGM.  The music and atmosphere was great!  There were so many attractive people (girls and guys) that it is a great spot to people watch.  People were also friendly and had many conversations in and out of the pool.
4	******* TIP: Look for the man at the podium! *******While walking towards the stairs that lead to the regular pool, we passed a little stand / podium where a man in a suit was surveying the scene. He stopped my friend and I and asked if we wanted to try out the new elite pool [W.R.]. We giddily accepted the wristbands he gave us and continued on our way.There were about 15 people there when we arrived and we immediately got in with no problem. The wristbands got us in for free, and the girl that led us in decided to give us a poolside daybed for FREE. (!!!) Keep in mind that this was a Thursday. The pool was fun and relaxing, the drinks were yummy but very expensive. It was twelve dollars for a specialty drink.  We went back on Friday and Saturday as well and although we weren't given a free bed or anything, the waitresses were just as attentive. Get there early to get one of the green lounges, however! Otherwise you'll have to stash your stuff on a random section of concrete. It's $100.00 to rent a cushioned lounge on the weekends, by the way.It should also be noted that I don't have fake boobs, I'm not blonde and I wore a $15 bikini. Just make eye contact and smile at the guy at the podium and you should get a free wristband. He was offering them to lots of different kinds of people, even older couples. Bartenders were very friendly and gave us free glasses of champagne. We also tried some chicken dish, which was less than stellar.Also, the music that was played at the pool was great! All the current hits and some great remixes. Flo Rida was there one of the days, and we still got in for free! Overall a great experience! :o)
4	Surprisingly had an awesome time here.  Great music, good looking people and a whole lot less crowded then Rehab.  Didn't have to worry about cover since we were all good looking girls (It's wonderful how this city is so accommodating to a pair of tatas), got some free drinks from some (HOT) boys with a cabana and made some friends with the bartenders and other good looking people in the water.  It is expensive - but it also is Vegas..$100 bucks for lounge chairs and guys had to pay cover, but whatever.  On either friday or saturday (can't remember--- a good sign of a well had time in vegas), they were running a promo on Heineken Light, something like a bucket of 5 for 10$.  A couple buckets of those and we were good to go!!  We tried to see if they had the same deal on Sunday (which I may add also featured a bit of an older crowd), but the buckets o' beer were 40$ for 5 (OUCH).  All and all we had a pretty damn good time!
4	Would I have paid $20 to get in?  No way.  I got a free wristband from the "man at the podium" as others have mentioned.  I think if you're a lady, you should work that angle.The salt water was nicer on your skin than chlorine, especially since I spent just about all afternoon lounging in some warm pool water.  It would have been nice to have had a chair, but there was not a chance I was going to pay  $100 for a pillow-top beach chair.Majorly loud dance music took over the entire pool complex (not just Wet Republic).  If you're fortunate enough to get one of the green foam reclining chairs (now those are free, but if you want to get one, get there right when it opens, at noon), you will have somewhere to sit other than the side of the pool or shallow water.  Shallow water was just wonderful for me.  And the best part - there were no kids running around and screaming and peeing in the pools!
5	stimulating......kinda like chocolate
5	I have been to several "beach" parties in Vegas over the years and this one was by far the best!  We were lucky to get a cabana and be surrounded by awesome friends.  The staff was incredibly nice and attentive, the pool was very clean and the drinks were perfect.  Even the music was awesome (towards the end).  Overall, a perfect day!FYI - this place has the best value for a cabana....$2000 for unlimited drinks and food.
5	One of my favorite pool parties. Wet republic brings lots of great djs (GIRLS!) and it is so chill and not so much like rehab where you can get stds from staring at the pool. Plus (GIRLS) its a great chillaxin atmosphere where I felt (GIRLS) like I had to be too cool for school. 944 had cabanas there most of the summer so it was nice to chill there (GIRLS) and drink and just enjoy the sights(GIRLS). Sundays are always the best day to go(GIRLS) The last party I was at there was with Benny Benassi and he brought a nice crowd(GIRLS) . Really with the season winding down...I can't wait for the next batch(of GIRLS) ;)
4	I was in Vegas during Halloween weekend this year. Of course, for some reason, at this point the MGM declares that winter has arrived and shut down the Wet Republic. However, on our last day there, they opened this beast up. Within is one of the coolest lazy rivers I've ever ridden in. Instead of renting a tube (which is a rip-off $13 USD), we just stole them from a couple of jerks while they were in the washroom.Furthermore, the people that come down here to chill are among some of the most outgoing and friendliest people I've met during travels in the States. From across the pool, every 15 minutes or so, a dude would yell "CANADA" at the top of his lungs and one of us Canadians would shout "KEEP IT DOWN AMERICA". Suffice to say, it got a little ridiculous, but it was all in good fun. Buying drinks here is the equivalent to getting robbed by a highwayman. One of the best parts was watching this really really hammered dude attempting to break-dance on the deck. Heh heh. Go fatty go!
4	I love this place.It's WAY, WAY better than Rehab.It's a much more chill crowd and there are three pools to go into.  The layout is nice and the staff is very friendly.OH! And they have a bar/TV area in case you are there on a pre-season Football Sunday! :)
4	A group of us did Wet Republic Summer of 08, we got one of the Cabana's up top by the private pools, if you are ok dropping that kinda cash definitley the way to go.  The whole group had a great time, decent food, drinks and music (not too loud like rehab).  In comparison to rehab it definitely beats it any given day in my mind, but that's probably dependent on your scene.
4	You can find Wet Republic behind the MGM's normal pool. You can't miss it - follow the bumping music. They have an annoying guest list here but if you talk to one of the promoters (and you are a group of girls), you can finagle your way in. Easy peasy. Once inside, get ready for some fun! The DJ plays a good mix of house, hip hop, and top 40. This pool is much smaller than the Palms and the Hard Rock so finding lounge chairs can be difficult - come early!!! The lounge chairs are these weird green plastic things that are really uncomfortable to sit in. Only like an inch of the chair is in the water so your feet are cool but your body feels like it is in HELL. Unlike all the other pools, Wet Republic is a salt water pool. I remember clearly because my eyes were burning hours later. The crowd is typical. Lots of really scary buff tanoxeric dudes and their girl counterparts. Drinks are mediocre. The best days are Saturdays.
5	One of THE best pool parties in Vegas.The only pool party that has direct valet...no walking through the casino or anywhere...literally valet at the curb and 2 seconds and you're at the door....you're friendly taxi man can find this for you.Very Chill, plenty of places to park yourself if you aren't paying for a cabana.Pretty quick bar service.  I highly recommend the blended Watermelon Mojito....They do it like no other place in Vegas...yum.DJ playing great mix of everything so you don't feel like you should be on E to be feeling the music.
4	went Sat March 28th. so much fun! really good music (electro/hiphop), lots of people, very mixed crowd, good looking guys and girls. it was free for girls with stamps, $20 w/o. cant believe guys were paying $50 (but i guess thats what u have to pay for a good party if you dont have a pu$$y..lol) i think it was over crowded cause kim kardashian was there, but was still able to find a place to chill. i would def go again!!
4	OMG, I had a great time here this past Saturday! My girls and I got in free and didn't have to stand in line. Yep yep! Love being a girl.The place was packed, but not to the point where it was annoying. Music was bumpin.. especially the awesome electro, progressive, bass bumplin beats! The hip hop was alright too. We found a chill spot to dip our feet in by the pool. Kim Kardashian and her peeps showed up around 3 pm and a frenzy of people clamored to get pix of her. I got a pic of Reggie Bush from far away on my iphone. Service was friendly enough and we shared a pitcher of mojito which was really weak for $75. So, we headed to the bar to get chilled vodka shots. I saw a few hotties, but the crowd was mostly just average peeps. Overall, it was a fun pool party! I'd go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Sunday Funday, this is my spot on Sundays during the summer.  Me and my friends usually pull a morning run we leave LA about 7am and get to Vegas around 10 or 11am, I know the guy at the door and he always takes care of us.  We have grown fond of Cabana 8 so its our home.  I love this spot for one reason only, the music is insane.  Never can go wrong at this pool as it isn't filled with a bunch of meat heads and creatures from the night.  It seems as if most of its crowed is legit and doesn't feel like you are in some sort of scary ass swamp.  Cant wait to go back there this Sunday April 19th for the grand reopening, see you there...
4	Ah Saturday in Vegas. Wet, some interesting versions of that was being rocked here at the grand opening. So I land check it to the room and first stop is the opening day. Cruise in on a guest list - means not having to pay $50 to get that day. What I liked was the size of the place and it didn't get crowded except one place. The bar. I felt it was unfairly understaffed. Prices were a bit jacked for the day also. $8 for a BL. Well that's opening day. Wet., lots of hot bodies were in the two pools; glistening bodies pool side having drinks or Wet as in the case of one gal grinding things and other gals like a dog on a leg. It was a sight. It was tough to sit but I am not complaining. The gals from Bada-Bing helped with that. So it was a good time. Just keep the sunscreen on. If the water seems salty, get out. Hope there are more bartenders down the road. There is waiting for a drink but there's a breaking point. Bartneders won't kill themsleves but the customers just might push and shove. Pictures to follow.
5	Vegas is all about "the hookup" and being in a group of tight-@ssed girls in killer bikinis certainly made getting on the guest list at Wet Republic a breeze...Clean, cool and personal. The waitress assigned to our "bed" was highly attentive, smiling and gorgeous in her "uniform." A pitcher of mojitos was pretty steep, but the buckets of appetizers are worth their weight in gold. I tried the chicken fingers with waffle fries and the cheese steak quesadillas with hot tortillas. YUM!I preferred the music of this tucked-away haven to the rest of the pool at MGM... electronic with top 40 highlights and thick bass. We played water volleyball and chilled by the pool. And of course, we danced.If you're one of my f-book friends, you'll get to see that video (hopefully) on Monday when I post it. I wore my Sun Devil bikini hoping to meet some pride in the desert, but it didn't happen (sadly enough). Oh well. I'm apparently intimidating, so who knows? ...the whole ASU baseball team could have been there but no one would approach me.
5	This place Rocked. We got a  Cabana on Memorial weekend. My group went early and all got in. I went late and got stuck waiting because they hit fire code. No one was getting in for hours. I heard the guy say even if you offered him 10K you still weren't getting in. Finally got in. & it was awesome. Go early, but go!
5	I absolutly had the best time here. I
5	Man, I had a blast here.. so glad we didn't go to rehab and chilled here instead. Sure, there are a lot of douchebags and $10 drinks, but it's Vegas, get over it. The pool has enough room that you aren't on top of everyone (unless you want to be) and I really enjoyed not smelling like pool after I was done (it's a salt water pool). Me and my boys got right in but you probably might want to meet some people first if you don't have a hook up.. I'd assume (like most places), dudes wait if you don't have a lady with you.. and who brings sand to the beach?The girls are hot and we enjoyed hanging out with a lot of them.. best day in Vegas was spent here. The only problem was Asher Roth may or may not have been there while I was - that dude sucks.
4	We had such a blast at Wet Republic. They played great music, plenty of room to lounge or chill or dance at the pool. I'd recommend reserve ahead of time otherwise you'll be sitting in a  line for days. Also, get there when it opens if you don't have a reservation. At least you can claim somewhere to sit.Food was also yummy. I didn't try it but the girls wouldnt stop talking about the kobe beef sliders, so i assume they were great.
4	So it's 90+ degrees.. sun is blazing, yet there is a crazy monsoon style breeze.  Its Saturday afternoon and after a VERY hard night of partying at Tao the night before... we decide to go to Wet Republic.  My boys showed up at 11ish and got a daybed next to the pool.  I roll in at about 1 and get swiftly let in and led to our area. The waitstaff was very attentive and kept our area clean and the drinks flowing. The ice bucket was refreshed constantly, our accompaniments were kept full and fresh. The place was brimming with some good looking people and some not haha. Rehab at Hard Rock definitely wins with what seems to be six pack abs for guys and big boobs for the ladies as requirements for admission. The music was awesome.  The DJ kept the beats flowing and the the heads kept bobbing. We decided to leave at 4ish and we tallied the bill. Three magnums of grey goose, miscellaneous snacks and gratuity.. two grand.  I have to admit.. This was probably one of the better pool parties out there.  Rehab is awesome, but we just felt a better vibe with the crowd here.. We saw people that would normally stick out like sore thumbs at Rehab, but were having a good time here.  My tip for the masses.. be prepared to spend some money and wear a good sunblock (at least 50spf).. not tanning lotion because you don't want to look like a lobster when you hit the clubs at night. Would I return?  Yea.. why not, after all.. you want to maximize your time in Vegas.. sleep is for the birds!
4	Love partying? Love dj music? Love drinking? Love tanning? Love making out? Then, mix all these things together, and you will get Wet Republic! It was sorta an ordeal with all the waiting in line, getting on a guest list, finding a non $1000 spot to put our towels and totes, but it was all worth it. We spent nearly 5 hours partying, dancing, drinking, mingling, tanning, and waiting for Lindsay Lohan to arrive on Saturday. It was Fun. Fun with a capital "F."
4	This place is the best pool party in Vegas. Hands down! Its not as sloppy as Rehab, way nicer, cleaner and overall a better pool party. Drinks are strong and not over priced.. The bartenders here will always take care of you. Recommend getting one of those gay frozen dranks and just having the bartender throw an extra shot of tequila on top just for good measure. This wil definitely get you bombed ASAP. Perfect recipe for actually picking up some Vegas Trash. Well that or just doing Don Simpson amount of blow will all but guarantee you nail some sleaze bag.Ordered a bucket of chicken fingers and fries, (better than the burgers in my opinion), thing cost about 12 bucks, pretty big portion size, more than enough to feed two people, walked around the pool carrying it like I was the Heisman Trophy statue. Food here isnt bad, not much of a selection but more than enough to hold you over. Really though, no one eats much in vegas, at least i dont. Booze, drugs and one maybe two meals a day will do the trick.The only downside to this place is that on holiday weekends it can be a nightmare. The fire marshall shuts the door down early and it becomes a total Zoo. Even if you buy tickets off wanttickets.com there is no way of knowing if you will get in or not. The regular admission lines barely move. Luckily I was able to get in on memorial day weekend but that was only after waiting almost a hour and having 4 pieces of arm candy next to me who escorted me in. I have seen many big name athletes out here as well. Its literally a whose of who of NFL & NBA All stars. The crowd here definitely is a mix of trashy whores who fly into vegas for the weekend to get piped out along with the locals who get paid to get piped out in the back of the Rhino. Avoid this place on holiday weekends if possible, unless you have a insane connection or enough money in your bank account to drop 5 grand and up just to hang around a piss warm pool. Must say I have personally picked up at least 2-8 broads here, end up banging a handful of them, even managed to nail a broad at the pool party in the handicap stall of the mens room. Real classy girl.. The only thing that can rival Wet Republic is Rehab Sunday. Stick to this place for Friday/saturday pool parties and the occasional Holiday weekend Monday.
4	I drank a ton of liquor, I wore a fake police hat, I screamed things at people while floating in the pool, and I asked 6 different girls to marry me.Beautiful people were at this pool, men and women alike. I think going to Wet Republic turned me from a nighttime vegas guy into a daytime vegas guy. No more going out on weekend nights for me... need to hit the daytime pools!
4	Took a cab to meet some friends at the Wet Republic...had to make sure I looked the part to get in:skanky bathing suit..checkwaterproof mascara..checksex hair: checkgolden tan: checkok so I was set to venture off into the crazy unknown..got in with no prob..yay saved myself $30 ....& my friend hooked it up w. patron shots & vodka tonics...damn this place looked insane..loud music..huge pool filled with people everywhere...drinks are about $15 a piece so bring lots of cash if you wanna get your drink on....I had a great time chillin on a lounge chair in the pool & meeting all kinds of crazy drunken partiers in the pool. I wouldn't take a dip in their though..saw lots of beer bottles, cups, & other sorts of things floating not to mention lots of drunks = pee in the pool...ya you better take a good thorough shower afterwards Cabanas & day beds are fun ..you might see a lot people passed out from too much boozing overall this place is legit..definitely going back rather than relaxing & tanning at a regular pool
4	Although I wasn't drunk, I think Wet Republic was the best pool party I've been to (next to Bare...but that was because I was drunk and with my girls).  The music was REALLY good (they played both house and hip hop) and there's lots of room everywhere to kick it.  I'd suggest renting a day bed / lounge chair - that way you have a dedicated place to hang out and the waitress comes around to serve you drinks.  Otherwise you'll wait a long ass time in line at the bar. Once it hit 5 p.m., I looked in the pool and there were plastic cups, straws, lime wedges, towels, etc..all up inside the swimming pool.  I don't want to know what else was in there at 5 p.m. HAHA.
5	LOVED Wet Republic! The way a pool party should be!!! Everyone's wasted! Everyone is your best friend! Alcohol is flowing! Sun is shining!! Amazing! Oh and staff was very friendly from what i remember... which is not a lot lol...  Loved those green chairs in the water! So cool! 5 stars!!!
4	I've been to Rehab at the Hard Rock Hotel, but it's just waay too crowded. I had heard about Wet Republic and decided to check it out. It had a great atmosphere, the staff was very friendly, and the DJ was better than expected. My only issue was they required a tab of $150 per person for their chairs. I know that's probably not hard for most people to do, but it was a little unexpected. However if you're lucky enough to have lived in Vegas, then they definately take care of you. Definately check it out!
5	i love this place!! got a cabana for 1,000 for my birthday!!! you get the cabana for free but you have to spend 1,000$ on foood or alocohol or anything you want from there!!!! Ray J was there and the girl from love and basketballl!!! DJ shift is the shit!!! bakini contest!!!this place is off the chain!!!
5	wet republic was rediculously fun. go told to come early around 9:30 or so (when it really opens at 11) because the lines get crazy long. good thing we were tired as hell from the night before and go there around 10 ish to the sigh that nobody was there. we woudlve looked like desperate fools waiting for 2 hours to get in. we got presale ticketrs from wantickets.com for 20 bucks (which was better than the $40+ they charge at the door). it was good that we came early tho as we were able to claim a prime spot for out stuff, and eventually as the day progressed, our territory was taken over like manifest testimony as the place got packed. soggy towels everywhere. dj was spinning that ill hip hop summer joints in the beginning of the day and changed over to more house/dance as people were intoxicated and sunburnt. the girls were out, as they were leaving my head spinning like the excorcist girl.every was so down to go buck wild and that's why this place was probably the highlight of our weekend, we went to tryst the night before and got bottle service at xs later on in the evening. maybe because we're hooligans and enjoy a more letloose atmoshpere sintead of having bouncers shove you around.the only other pool party i've been to is tao beach and wet republic blows it out the water. MUST GOit
4	I was in Vegas for the past 2 weekends (different bachelor parties back to back) and had the chance to go to both Tao Beach and Wet Republic.Here are my thoughts about Wet Republic:1- As other yelpers had mentioned, you can get dropped off directly in front of the Wet Republic entrance.  The entrance is located on Koval Lane (between Harmon Ave and Tropicana Ave).  We had rented a luxury motor coach for the day that was able to easily drive into the turnaround and drop us off.  (I highly recommend renting one of these buses if you have a large group!  Rolling in a tour bus is pretty cool!!)http://vipride.com/luxury-motor-coach.html2- Since we had 14 guys in our party, we went with bottle service ($2000 food and drink minimum).  They placed us in a roped off section near the main bar where we had (1) couch that could fit 4-5 people, (2) lounge chairs that could fit 1 person each, and (4) bar stools alongside a raised counter.  Although we weren't that close to the pool, sitting next to the bar ensured a steady stream of foot traffic.  This made it easy to chat up the ladies and invite them to share a drink with us.  Since it was scorching hot, we thought that the shade offered by our location (we were underneath an actual roof) was better than the tent cabanas.  Although the tent cabanas offered shade, they probably acting like mini-ovens, baking in the sun.3- The staff were friendly and efficient.  The waitress mixed drinks for us all day long and made certain that the groups of girls who stopped by were taken care of.  We felt like smoking cigars so the guy attendant went inside MGM and brought us our stogies.  4- The layout of the venue made for a fun day in the sun.  After having visited Tao Beach, I'll definitely say that having a men's bathroom next to the bar (with more than 2 urinals) is a BIG PLUS!!  Having to go outside of Tao Beach and then wait in line for 3-5 minutes to take a leak was a huge buzz kill.  I don't think I waited in line more than 30 seconds at Wet Republic.5- The size of the pool was also a huge plus.  Although I can only compare Wet Republic to Tao Beach, there was plenty of room to mingle and get crazy (chicken fights, cannon balls) vs. the pool at Tao Beach.  I also noticed a separate pool set up with a volleyball net.6- Finally, the level of energy at Wet Republic was off the charts vs. Tao Beach.  We stayed there from noon - 5pm and starting at 1pm it seemed that everyone was having an awesome time!  The music was awesome as the DJ really had the party bumping to trance, house, and other fast paced songs.
4	My first pool party in Vegas~ and it was AWESOME!  Considering how big the pools in MGM are, I thought they could have been more generous with the size of the place, but other than that, it was good quality.We all got chairs since we didn't want to sit on the ground and be ghetto.  We had about 12 people in our group plus a few more new friends we made at the party.  We got 8 or 10 chairs total by the end of the day.  To get a chair you have to spend $100 minimum per chair on food and drinks.  TOTALLY worth it since it covers entrance fee ($50 for guys $20 for girls).  You also get few comps with your chair so you can even share a chair with someone and spend $50 each.I thought the drinks and food here would be super expensive and that we could easily spend $100.. but the drinks were actually pretty cheap and on top of that I am pretty sure we had some free drinks because it just didn't add up! lol I'm not complaining!!!I got myself a slider before all the drinking began... and mMmMm it was SO GOOD! http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/HV5uG8bLVMF2WFOmryxK-Q/lGreat DJ (DJ Mark Knight was there that day! and his music was phenomenal!) It was a bit overcast all day, but you know how HOT Vegas is during the Summer... I say it was perfect.Great time!  I cannot believe this was my FIRST TIME at a Vegas pool party when I have been to Vegas so many times!  I'm going to a pool party when I go back to Vegas this weekend for sure! http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/0i6jn32yR3qY4OEthuKGcg/l (thats us!)
5	WOOO!! i love wet!! you guys should really take my review into consideration because im yelping about my experience here SOBER! thats right...vegas, mid summer, pool party!? i know...long story short sliced my finger pretty deep at work the day b4 my trip to vegas so i had a mini cast on my index finger with stitches n all and oh man did those guys take advantage of it as a convo starter lol neway i had to take antibiotics for it and didnt want to mix alchy n drugs together, but newho i still had a blast!!! good looking crowd and i can say that with confidence without my liqour goggles, good music, n just fun times...except for the fake tanned super buff guys who you can for sure tell they rock affliction shirts and ed hardy, ugh gross i can jus sense the douche-ness. but loved loved loved it!! go go go b4 winter comes!
5	I was a "Pool Party" virgin until Wet Republic entered my life. It took a good month to review this place, because words cannot express how much I am in love with WR! My life has been hollow, boring and cold until now, and I just don't understand how people can live without visiting a pool party especially one as bad ass as Wet Republic. Tips before "having the time of your life" at WR: -Go Early: Lines form before it opens at 11AM (especially on popular days such as Friday, Saturday and Sunday) -Coupons are floating around, visit the booth in MGM that gives them out (located inside the hotel right before entering the pool area) (i.e. free for women or $20 off admission for guys) -Bring only the necessities (ID, money, and credit cards) -Come early because they have a few free lounge chairs. The drinks here are typical Vegas (around $15 a drink). My usual is Jack n Diet, but my boyfriend ordered a watermelon mojito which came in a larger glass. So you get more bang for your buck with their specialty drinks. The music here is down right "Pool Party" music, if there is such a thing as "Pool Party" music. At the end of the afternoon, I was belting out "I'm in Vegas Bitch" like my life depended on it. I also met so many cool people there! People were so friendly and it was obvious everyone was there to have fun! I am planning to make another trek out to good ol' LV next year and Wet Republic is definitely at the top of my "To Do" list! So if you want bikini booty shakin', drinks flowin', wet lovin' fun come to WR. You will thank me later!
5	Ashlee Simpson celebrated her birthday at Wet Republic last weekend: Hot.I celebrated my birthday at Wet Republic this weekend: HOTTER!You know you're having a truly fabulous time if you're taking shots with complete strangers and then find yourself having a chicken fight with random people in the pool. There's eye candy galore for all; everyone there is beautiful. We even spotted a Brad Pitt and Angelina look-a-like couple. They could have really been there, but we were so sloshed, who knows. We arrived early - at 11am to be exact. Doors opened five minutes later, and since we were pretty much the only people there, all of us girls got in free. Surprisingly, there was no line, since you typically have to get there at least half an hour before doors open to get in line. We were also lucky to get first pick of chairs (green lounge chairs inside the pool are the only free seats), so we got the best ones near the pool. We got the two $100 chairs (the drink/food minimum) on one end of the pool that were situated in their own little cove with two green chairs right next to them. The $100 minimum is easily met, especially if you get pitchers of their frozen drinks (the frozen watermelon mojitos are awesome), which start at $75. Plus the food is really yummy, and are huge portions meant for sharing. We got a bucket of tasty chicken tenders and waffle fries, and the Philly cheese steak quesadillas (only so-so). Although the pool was pretty dead to start, it got crazy later on. Now, if you can party all day here, in the sun, drinking non-stop, and still be able to go out clubbing until 4am, I take my hat off to you; you are a true rockstar.
5	Awesome pool party.We got there right at 11, thinking that the guest list closes at noon and didn't want to wait in line too long.  Turns out that we were the FIRST people to arrive (the Ed Hardy bikini clad waitstaff informed us that it's the end of summer so things are starting the slow down).  Being first to arrive, however, had its benefits.  We were able to secure the best seats ($100 min purchase each) right next to the pool along with two of the free pool chairs next to them.  We also got in without cover.  There were LOTS of hot people, but the staff definitely had the best bodies hands down.    The drinks were yummy.  The food was tasty.  The people were hawt and friendly.  It was a big party, good music, lots of drinking, dancing, and because it's under the sun, you can see clearly just how good looking someone really is!
5	I loved wet republic!  I texted one of my friends who promotes for XS and Tryst and he hooked us up to get on the guest list to go to Wet Republic.We waited about 20 minutes and got 3 girls in free, no problem.  It was awesome.  So we came in and if you want a chair you have to spend $100 on booze, we settled in and had a pitcher of watermelon mojitos, which was absolutely delicious.  So between the 3 girls it was only $30 with tip and we got a chair to sit on!  So we floated around the pool and our friends sunbathed in the free green chairs.  Met guys they bought us drinks, and enjoyed the beautiful weather, with beautiful people, music, and lots of SKIN!GO TO wet republic, you won't regret it!
4	Yay pool party!  I love how you can just party 24/7 in Vegas.  Huge pool, bar and lots of beautiful people.  We got in for free, yay!  Food was actually pretty good too.  Fun place to party during the day.
5	Wet Republic was the highlight of my vegas trip this past September!  What a great concept.  I had the best time and can't wait to go back!!!  We went on a Monday and it was dead.  The weather was perfect, the staff was beautiful, bumpin music, and the food was good.  The VIP host, Joanna, took great care of us, giving us a cabana if we promised to spend $200 on drinks and food - this was easy to do for us slushes, haha!  Our waitress made sure we were never empty handed, the pool was not too cold, and the lounge chairs were so comfy.  Not sure how many times I fell asleep:)  I did not want to leave!  Wet Republic would be my perfect backyard.
4	Relaxing....yet party atmosphere- if you want to get involved but if you just want to people watch you can do that too!
4	This place is so much better than TAO beach. It's bigger, newer, and cleaner. I love the lounge chairs in the pool, and the plentiful space to just breathe. There's a huge covered area with a huge bar and plenty of loungers around the pool. I cannot stress how much better it is than TAO beach.
5	One of the BEST times in  VEGAS!I came here for my bday in 2009 with a group of 10+ M and F.  WOW!  Ridiculous! This place cracks!!!!!!  I go to Vegas pretty often and this place blows my mind.  I had the best time ever here, even better than doing bottle service at XS, TRYST or JET. We had the center of the pool on lock, ripping on every song, drinking, dancing and made it an official pool party!  Words cannot express how much fun I had that day.  Sick DJ, beautiful women and countless amounts of alcohol!  Vegas without a pool party is just an average trip.  The pool party is the best thing that happens in Vegas other than winning 5K+ gambling.I will go back every time I go to Vegas when the pool season starts.   Speaking of that, going there in April for a Bachelor party!  Can't WAIT!!!!!
4	Wet Republic is separate from the other pools in MGM.  It basically a club party at a pool.  Music is blasted and hot waitresses serving alcohol.  I went here around 3 pm and all the chairs were taken.  I believe you have to reserve them and there is a minimum you must spend on drinks.  No cover charge but there may be one if you go earlier.  The price for drinks is average.  $7 for a beer.  I had a good time by the pool.  Good looking women everywhere especially the waitresses.  Bring a bathing suit when you go to Vegas.
4	Pool. Sun. Alcohol. Beautiful People. Skin. Good Music.What more can you ask for during the summer? GO!I liked Wet Republic for reasons why pool parties are fun, but also because it was a breath of fresh booze coming from Rehab. Rehab's crowd has changed.Bartenders are all guys, and they are generally nice and tolerate ALOT of things... so cut them some slack because they deal with so many belligerent douches and douchettes.Line is crazy, but money talks.
4	The pool party was a lot more fun that I could've imagined. Make sure to go there early to claim a spot for you and your friends. People were lying out all over the place. This is a great place to people watch. The music was great, so it kept people moving. Just keep in mind, when they check your bags, they're going to check everything, the inside of pockets, cases, everything. If you have any medication, make sure it's in the original packaging. In addition, if you get any alcoholic beverage, they will be on average about 16$, so be prepared. Overall though, it's a fun place.
4	I had such a good time here. Came on a Sunday it wasn't too crowded because it was during the off season after the summer but it was still awesome.. make sure you bring a fat wallet or a suger daddy because the drinks are priiiiceeeey!! I found myself hitting on my cocktail waitress and I am straight! Beautiful people even hotter lifeguards yum! Bring your A game here
5	Hot girls, Hot guys, HOT VENUE! Dress up girls! Its a day club so look HOT! LOL  We arrived kinda late in the day around 3:00 so we got luckily with the line.  We ended up standing in regular admission and the guy gave us free passes since we were all girls. Be prepared! The bouncer checks everything in your purse. They check all containers, pockets, wallets and chapstick. It was wierd yet safe, Ive never had anyone check my chapstick! The venue is nice. Nice open big pool in the middle that is surrounded by VIP cabanas and lawn chairs. In the far back there is a smaller pool and hot tube to relax in. Its nice that you can sit anywhere! Heck just grab a towel and sit on the side of the pool! Didnt really get to buy any drinks to see if they were any good. But happened to party it up VIP style in the bottle service area. Its nice that there are lounge seats and sofas. The area is kinda small so walking on the sofas was a must. The waiter and bustboys were very aware of the area and always refilled or cleaned the table often.The music that day was all house. Didnt mind me to much but it would be nice if there was other mash ups. Overall its a nice place to hang out. Not as big as Rehab but not as small as Tao Beach. ENJOY!
5	POOL PARTY taken to an out of this world whole 'nother level.I have never been to Rehab, but from what I could gather regarding the feedback, Wet Republic it's where it's at.Only for the beautiful and sexy people!  Where else will you EVER be able to pull off wearing heels, makeup, and bikini to a pool and worry about getting wet?  Yeah...I had to do a double take myself.Line starts to form pretty early....as in 11AM. If you aren't VIP, you wait like everyone else.  People want to grab primo seating, so it's recommended you arrive EARLY.Daybeds are a a grip to reserve, and even if you settle on one of the the comfy chairs by the pool, you will still get sticker shock if you don't know what you are in for.  Food and drink minimum's.  Research, or plan on sitting on the steps of the pool. If you are a girl, WORK IT.  Drinks are great. Food snacks are even better.  Wear plenty of sunblock and apply gloss constantly.  Hats recommended, sunglasses a must. Cleavage and peck muscles...a necessity. Wet Republic, your staff is great...and I can't believe they mistook my bare minerals for a dispenser for CRACK.  Just saying dude...I guess loaded takes on another meaning here.   ACES in LV!
4	Wet Republic, which is a pool lounge, is adjacent to the MGM main pool area. I got in for free, but I'm not sure if it was due to my being a hotel guest, or because I was a cute girl by myself (I was on vacation with my boyfriend and he isn't a pool person). I was impressed with Wet Republic. The lounge chairs and couches are very large and cushioned. If you get too hot sunbathing on the "dry" lounge chairs, then you can sit on a "wet" lounge chair that is slightly emerged in the pool. The whole atmosphere gives a sense that you're at a pool party, because the music is a little louder, a net and ball is provided for water polo, and people even dance. If you just want to relax with some laid back people at a nice pool, then go here on a week day. If you're looking for a lively party packed with people, then go there during the weekend.
3	As a last harrah, I wandered over to Wet Republic; unfriendly bouncers in cheesy Euro glasses glanced at me up and down before making me wait in the sweltering heat.I got in for free being on the guestlist (and staying at the MGM); it was overload on silicone everything.  Needless to say, I felt completely out of place, but it was certainly interesting wandering around in a boozy state talking to uber fake people.  I think I talked to one genuine person that whole time.  Oh yeah, and Lindsay Lohan was there; what a hot mess.One serious plus though: SERIOUS EYE CANDY.  Good lord people, I didn't know abs came in that many shapes and sizes.
5	I'd never seen anything like it. Absolutely unbelievable. If you fit the bill (as described in Flor D.'s review- and very few do) and it can fit in your bill, which is another high hurdle, you absolutely have to go.Dont try to bring in drugs or whatever, as they search every item you bring in, even removing sunblock caps to look inside.
4	Good Time. Of course its a pain to get in to and if you have to pay, its overpriced. But if you get on a guest list and deal your way in, its better.Its all craziness once your are in and full of eye candy for all; there's not much left for the imagination since everyone is about 1 piece away of being in their B-Day suites (and in some cases that didn't stay on).Also if your not too wasted to hear it, the music actually kicks a$$ with their live DJ's. This place is diffintinately VEGAS.
3	WOW- I dont even know where to start with this place! First of all, even though we were staying at this hotel (Wet is part of MGM Grand hotel), we couldnt get in FREE unless we were on some type of guest list. After talking to a lifeguard, we somehow managed to get on a list by randomly texting a person that works there (although we had no idea who he was). We were also really excited when he text us back letting us know that he would also be reserving us a day bed. After going through 2 lines, before we actually went in-they searched the hell outta of my purse. opened my wallet, checked the inside on my sunglass case, and every mini pocket of my purse. Can't bring outside food, so I had to toss my snack I brought. (oh well). We then attempted to find our day bed only to be told that we had to rack up 500 bucks in drinks/food to have it. All the seats around the pool were reserved for VIP or daybed guests, so basically--if you CANT afford to rack up a HUGE bill, then you're stuck setting up your towel on FLAT unconfortable CEMENT. Dj was alright and all the chicks wear HEELS with their swimsuits (totally not my style!). Everyone was kinda of BLANDO--i would expect people dancing, but in my opinion--totally not worth it. We stayed in the regular pool area the rest of our days at this hotel and had way more fun!. Also, if you aren't on a guest list its 20 bucks for girls and 40 for guys...prices change depending on the day though.There are 2 pools in this area and real nice waterfalls in background, but again- totally not worth going outta of your way for. The regular pool area plays good music as well....and if youre more interested in listening to club music, you can hear it by sitting the other side of WET-in the regular pool area!
5	Went there with a couple of friends a bachelor weekend. Wet Republic made the weekend unforgettable. We reserved a cabana and had bottle service. We received great service and great attention. But I'm sure that's because we spent a great deal of money.   My only issue was that the pool was nasty due to the sheer amount of people and the amount of alcohol consumed. When I got out of the pool I was concerned that I was covered with more than just water and chlorine. All and all great people, great times, and a great weekend. The day scene at Wet Republic far outshines the night scene of most spots in Vegas.
5	This place is an absolute MUST if you're going to Vegas. You can do whatever you want in Vegas, but at the very least go to Wet and bring money. I don't care what you need to do to get in...pay $150 for a chaise lounge, slip the entrance attendant a $20 or flash somebody...just do it because on the other side it's mayhem (A.K.A. sex orgy!!!!). My first experience here differed wildly from the one I had this time around. When we came in April we came and went as we pleased from our chaise lounges to the VIP cabanas, and basically never touched the main pool everyone else was partying in. This time we were part of that crazy main pool and it was incredible!!! yea your feet are going to be burnt walking on the cement and your hair and make-up will inevitably get wet no matter what, but you'll never beat that experience. If you've never been before, there are a few things you can do to help yourself out if you're a lady. (1) Be SINGLE. Boys always get in the way of easy entrance to clubs and pool parties. They only help when you're trying to get into a strip club. So call them up then. (2) Be HOT. It's Vegas so you don't have to cover up. Wear your best or most revealing swimsuit and outfit. DO do you make-up and hair. And DON't forget your heels. Remember you're in Vegas, not your local community swimming pool. You know what I mean. (3) If you did # 1 and #2 right you probably caught the attention of a Wet Republic employee on your way there and scored yourselves some sweet wrist bands that will get yourself on the guest list. If not, BE ON THE GUESTLIST. You don't want to be standing in line in Vegas. It's hot. (4) In the case this doesn't work out, walk up to any male dude wearing a wet republic uniform and and ask how you can get in....or just walk up to the entrance dude and take care of it. Don't forget your cash folks. If you're ugly, a man, or desperate, it helps out. No offense!!! That's how it works in Vegas right? (5) Know somebody.
5	This is not your typical relax by the pool and get some rest and sun...You will be by the pool and you will get some sun. But this place is a straight party pool. We got there right when it open so our wait was nothing to complain about. We had reservations for lounge chairs through our Vegas hookup but they could not find our name...however they let us in with no problem but wanted us to pay $200 per person for the lounge chairs which meant we had to spend a minimum of $600 on food and drink...NOT! so you know that didn't happen!  Because I was exhausted (from our Friday Nite outings) and didn't think I'd be staying long anyway, I didn't break out my flea market hussle on them. However, after a few texts to my connection, we found out that we did get the hookup and didn't have to pay the crazy fee. That entire part of the experience was really confusing and annoying. Which I should deducted a star for...I thought the DJ was good once he got into his true hip hop mode it was poppin, the staff was outstanding!!! Very nice, helpful and just down right coo...from the security to the lifeguards. The food was decent and the drinks...if you order the right one, although expensive, they were well poured. We came out $150 for all three of us. (that was a $450 savings)At first I didn't think this would really be my scene, due to the nature of my fabulous age of 36, but the 30+ crowd was representing in a MAJOR way and believe me when I tell you WE ALL LOOKED HOT. Yes, there were your hard bodies, soft bodies, altered bodies, big and small bodies but I loved the kickin' it in everyone. I know some of my other yelpers are into that but I think we had a ball cause we were not trippin on how people looked or didn't look. An added plus was they had the USA vs. ENG World Cup match on so that was just crazy and I'm glad I got to watch the game.In the end this place was the BOMB and I'm glad I got the experience and yes...saved my money cause I was on my way to the Forum Shops and came here to not blow my life savings in the stores.You should check it out and have your own experience....try to go early to avoid the long lines that I heard so much about, and be prepared to have security pat you down, cause they don't play... try to at least get the hook-up off the entry cost.
4	Happening pool party...with good music and lively crowd. it's like going clubbing during the day...go check it out if your in vegas. p.s  guys should work out and look buff before hittin this spot and girls should wear somethin skimpy...that's the dress code.
5	You MUST go here!  If you like to party like a rockstar this is your chance.  We got in free on guestlist, to my surprise the hubby too.  Friday chairs were $150 food & bev min & Daybed $500, so it came out cheaper for 4 of us to get a daybed.  It was awesome.  There was plenty of room for all of us to be comfy, plus it was the only shade to be had under the umbrellas.  We had the best day ever.  My friends were thanking me for insisting that we go, even though they didn't really know what to expect.  But by the end of the day we were drunk and dancing on our daybed!  Tips: Get on guestlist Do do your hair and make-upIf you don't want to spend, lots of people just put their towels down on the concrete, but don't expect any service
4	Staying at the hotel made it so we got in for free.  That was a nice touch.  Make sure you get in early.  Go at opening if you can.  The line gets pretty heavy after noon, especially on weekends.We set up right next to the pool.  There are a limited amount of chairs, but there is plenty of space to lay out towels directly on the concrete.  The pool is large.  I loved having a dj at the pool.  He played excellent music and set a great mood for the pool.The day we visited the Vegas Hot 100 was going on.  It was great having the girls come around and lobby for votes.  The Jabbowockeez were hosting the event.  The New Boyz performed a few songs as well.It was a great day by the pool.  The downside is the drinks are expensive.  Cover also is steep if you have to pay.
5	Came here on a Monday afternoon and had a blast even though it wasn't packed but that's ok. We were a group of 6 (3 girls & 3 guys) and we got a cabana which starts at $500 (excluding tax & gratuity) so that means you order drinks & food up to that much (our grand total was $620). What I liked was you didn't have to order bottles of liquor & mixers. They had special cocktails, mojitos, & margaritas you can order by the pitcher & they were good! The music played by the dj was a mix of hip hop, house, mashups. There was a pool on the side where you can play volleyball. The service was great and you can chill & watch tv in the cabana however long you want (well, they do close at 6pm) if you don't feel like laying out on the daybeds. All in all, this place was cool & my friends and I plan to go back next year.
4	Couples doing the dirty. Used band-aids floating about. Oblivious drunks diving right into vomit that's been lingering in the pool for hours.  That's my quick summary of Wet Republic.With all the hype I've heard, I actually expected the party to be more over-the-top insane.  Maybe it's because we went on a Sunday, but everyone was pretty mellow or high off their minds.  The special guest was DJ Funkagenda, who played bop-your-head-to kind of house/dance music.  I didn't mind one bit after enduring an exhausting Saturday!Cover was $20 for girls and free if you're on guestlist (but we slept in and came incredibly late).  The line was not too bad -- but once again, it was probably because it was a Sunday.FYI -- don't try to bring drugs in because they WILL catch you. I'm drug-free, but there were tons of people in front of us who tried and delayed us from getting in!  Apparently, there was an "incident" here before, which is why they are uber strict now.Their daquiris are yummy!  Be prepared to pay $15+ for 1 small cup.  If ask nicely, the bartender might throw in a free shot upon request.
1	Weak.  Weak.  Weak.  Weak.  The promoters bring garbage.  Overall this is just a terrible party.  the pool is fine by itself, but the "party" that is called Wet Republic is amateur and shouldn't be so hyped by Las Vegas.  There must be a lot of money backing this event because it is sucky.Go to Tao Beach or Rehab instead.
3	An exclusive lounge and pool area for beautiful people in their 20s and 30s who like to party and show off their rock hard bodies....and then you get me: while I'm definitely in my 20s and enjoy a good time, I definitely could use some work on my pillowy body lol. Not sure how the wait time or cover is, since me and my party got in without waiting in line or paying a cover...granted we made it to Wet Republic later afternoon around 4pm. Upon entering, I realized that I was overdressed in my cover up and one piece bathing suit by not showing enough skin.  However, I also felt underdressed since I wasn't dolled up with a full face of make up, didn't have a coiffed 'do, was only wearing my flip flops as opposed to heels/wedges, and did not wear a piece of jewelry on me.There are 2 pool areas, the larger of the two was pretty packed full of people standing in the pool with their drinks.  The water looked icky probably from the combo of sweat, sunblock, bodily fluids, and liquor....ew. We headed to the smaller of the pools which was still had blue water and after securing a place to stash our bags we got into the pool.  The water was nice and warm and in direct view of the cabanas....which during that weekend Kristen Cavalari, of the The Hlls, also happened to be there and had a private cabana to party with her friends. People watching is fun and entertaining and the entire atmosphere is very hip and trendy with cabanas, day beds, and cool looking lounge chairs. The bar is pretty large with a pretty extensive liquor menu....you can apparently order an $18K bottle of champagne!If and when we make it back to Wet Republic I will be sure to follow the dress code: underdress and show as much skin as allowed and overdress with heels/wedges; jewelry; done up hair and most importantly sport the rock hard banging body. *sigh* on second thought I'm really ok with the regular pool area of the hotel :)
1	Totally overrated. I came here one Sunday afternoon with my bf on our trip to Vegas. First, the bouncers had nothing better to do than to hassle him for wearing a jersey (it's a pool party, it's not like he was going to wear it the whole time). Then at security, they had me open my purse and literally checked every single pocket and compartment... seriously, is that really necessary? On top of that, my bf had to pay $40 cover, even though we were on the guest list. Inside, the drinks were way overpriced and the place was extremely crowded. The music was also pretty bad the whole time. To top it all off, we saw a guy with his jersey on! How did he get in? I could get better drinks next to a non-crowded pool elsewhere.-L.
1	Well, we don't all have the same interests when it comes to pools.  If you want to stare at better-than-average-in-Vegas bodies, you might really love this place.  But you probably won't be able to get in the pool because it's packed.  You probably won't be able to get a lounge chair, because it's packed.  There's no refuge from the sun unless you want to pay - not kidding - $2500 ("we can talk about $1000") - for a cabana.  Most disturbing of all was the exacting search for drugs we all had to undergo.  Why?  Apparently this joint has some issues with GHB (aka the date rape drug), that's per one of the security guards.  I never got to the point of ordering a drink because we decided to bail.  Thank god we were on the guest list, because I'm sure I would have felt obligated to stay had I paid the absurd entrance fee.PS - if you're staying at MGM, where Wet Republic is, go to the MGM pool!  It's waaaay better even if the bodies are slightly less aesthetically pleasing.
5	very popular pool party. lotta big name djs play here. door guys are nice. the walk to this spot is kinda long from the casino of MGM. I had a car, so I drove the back way into the parking garage in the back of MGM. Even then, it was a bit of a walk, especially when you're intoxicated.
5	I had never even heard of Wet Republic.  We had schlepped our way all the way down to the Hardrock in the blistering 115 degree weather, only to see the line was long and the prices were insane.  Then on a tip from a friend we made our way over to the MGM for the Wet Republic party on Sundays.  OMG am i glad we did!!!!!First off the line was small but ridiculous because it moves at a group per half an hour.  It Vegas people...it HOT!!!!! Its illogical to make people wait outside for an hour in this heat!!!  But man was it worth it!! Once we were escorted to the cabana it was paradise!!! The great thing about these parties is everyone is totally drunk and friendly!!! Be prepared to meet lots of different people and bring lots of cash.  Paradise is expensive!!!!!
4	Totally the place to go for the fun pool party feel.  Great salt water pool complete with lounge chairs in the water.
4	i've heard so much hype about this place and after reading some reviews about wearing heels, make up and accessories--i was a bit worried. it actually didnt matter as much, if you're not trying to impress anyone. if you had a hot bikini, you're fine. you'll be in the water, so accessories and heels wouldnt matter much. it may if you have to stand in the general admission line.guestlist line went by pretty fast--there were 3 parts to get through: guestlist into the general pool area where you stood in line again to be let into another line for them to search your stuff. since they're so thorough, it takes forever and a half. my tiny clutch of a purse took a good minute or two. also, no bottles of any sorts, even unopened bottles of water. they do have water fountains inside.once inside, we grabbed some towels off of this obscure pile of towels. there were no distinctive signs for pool boy like encore beach club. we settled by the 6" pool area and tanned. the food was decently priced--a bucket of chicken with waffle fries for about $13. they were enough to feed three girls, with left overs.the place got pretty crowded around 2pm and the water got a bit murkier as well. beer bottles and straws were floating in the water. random conga lines forming in the pool and people stomping water. love the green chairs for you to lay on to tan.it was a nice place to be but after the previous night, i couldnt drink too much. lots of fit and beautiful people. great place to people watch and to dance. the DJ was a bit on and off with the music, but when he was on, the pool was moving.
4	I was staying at the MGM, it was well over 100 degrees outside, and our crew decided to hit the pools. Wet Republic was free (Thursday) so we waltzed in with no issues. I don't know if I'd pay admission for a non-special event here but it was an enjoyable time. Imagine a Playboy-ish pool party met frat beach day. Big bro dudes, lots of beer sloshing around. Decided to brave the possibility of chlorine-resistant STD's and hop in. Drinks were good, not cheap but we had a pool credit that came with our room to use up. The blended mojito was delicious. The pool was cool, nice to hang out and splash around/be cool with friends. Lots of booze being spilled in the pool. Bodies dancing around and the DJ blasting tunes. The private cabanas looked comfortable and fancy for the VIP experience but they were pretty detached from the main pool area, I was content just hanging out in a corner of the main area. The GF was bummed we were missing out on the lazy river around the main pool, so I floated her around the tramp stamps and tribal tats. All in all it was a nice getaway from screaming kids and liberal sunscreen sprayers around the main pool- but I fear my gray hair count has reached the double digits and tolerance for college underclassmen has flown away.
5	So far, this is my favorite ultra pool. It has alot of the qualities I would want in an ultra pool. The cabanas are larger than Bare. The pool is larger than  Bare. The pool also doesnt make me feel like I might catch an STD or UTI from it, like Bare or Rehab. The entire venue feels much more spacious as well. I don't feel like I am in a can of sardines. The cabanas have a lounge chase, chairs, TV w/ xbox 360s. The girls/ servers are very friendly (at least the ones I have encountered). The music is great... and because it is a a larger ultra pool, I dont feel like the music is going to blow my ears out. It can get a rowdy at Wet Republic, especially since they host celebrities every once in awhile. If you want a celebrity sighting... it is worth checking it out. Wilmer Valderrama was actually there when I had gone. So again, if you are looking for a more spacious ultra pool... some celebrity sightings... and want a bit of a more spacious cabana... Wet Republic would be my recommendation.
5	Shots shots shots shots shots shotsShots shots shots shots shotsShots shots shots shots shotsEverybody!I love being a girl and being a girl means everything is free in Vegas. WE got in without standing in line. Got a cabana and chilled there all day, got freee drinks galore.... What more can you ask for? ;) I will see you soon, my Wet Republic in TWO weeks!La dad a daLa dad a dad a daLa dad a daLa dad a dad a daLa dad a daLa dad a dad a daLa dad a daLa dad a dad a daLa dad a daLa dad a dad a da
1	dirty dirty dirty.the security search makes you feel like a criminal, even if you've done nothing wrong. power tripping employees who get off on getting vegas visitors in trouble. this place promotes a "party" but will search you down to your bones...there's far better place to attend in vegas for pool parties.Encore Beach Club for starters.stay away from Wet.
3	Came here on a Sunday. Had a cabana and bottle service by the main pool. It was cool. Also ordered some Kobe sliders from the bar for $16 which were good.  I liked it, only thing I didn't enjoy too much was the endless fist pumping, house, techno, trance, whatever you call it music.
4	i LOVE wet republic!its like an outdoor pool club. literally. you some girls there all dressed up with hair, makeup and heels all done. why??!!? ur at a pool! enjoy it in ur flip flops like a pool is meant to be!!the place is crowded and yes there is a line and a cover (well not if you got the hookups ; )the scene here is young and hip and casual and cool. I havent been to the other ultra pools, but this one is definitely awesome!ppl here are also sooo nice! great to chill and just lounge around..LOVE the music!
5	Here is the conversation between me and Betty N. before we headed to Vegas back in April:Betty: What are you wearing to Wet Republic?Me: Umm...my bikini.Betty: Yeah, but what shoes and jewelry?Me: What?  What do you mean?Betty: Don't tell me you are going to be wearing some gross Hollister flip flops or something.Me: Well, I was just going to wear some black flip flops.Betty: Oh my God.  Girl, you need to wear jewelry, heels, and full-on makeup.Me: WHAT?!No joke.  The girls are smoking hot here.  If you don't have jewelry, heels, and makeup...you are going to end up looking and feeling like an old hag.    We were at the front of the line and we ran towards some free lounge chairs that are actually in the pool.  Perfect for the scorching hot weather.  There are only 3-4 of them, so you need to make sure to get there early.  The rest of the chairs go for a $100 food/drink minimum.  We had a group of 8 girls, so some of us would lounge on our daybed, some on the chairs, and some would wander around aimlessly.The pool is full of bachelor and bachelorette parties.  The pool is complete craziness, tons of socializing and people drinking.  There a ton of beautiful women and actual Chippendales too!  Everyone is very friendly and the atmosphere is so fun.  Sometimes I feel like pool parties are even better than going to a nightclub.If you want to have a great experience at a pool party, make sure to hit up Wet Republic.
4	Wet Republic has never let me down.  It's crazy on a Sunday, and always manage to have good time when it's chill on a weekday.  You can get a fully-loaded deluxe cabana for a $500 spend minimum during the week.  I recommend getting at least a day bed on a weekend so you can have your own space because it gets packed.  They have the largest and  best drink menu of all the Vegas pool parties. Make sure to get the chicken fingers and waffle fries-they are insane!!!
5	Arrived in Vegas on a Saturday morning, and off to our first stop- Wet Republic.Strawberry daiquiris are freaking WORTH it here.  Strong as hell and definitely does the trick!! Since we pre-partied at the hotel beforehand, I was only able to take this one drink on an empty stomach until 5pm.  The line does take awhile to get, but since we knew people, FREE was the word.  Saturday's cover was $40 due to De La Soul performing there.  Like I said FREE was the word for us.  Security was pretty strict since they looked through everyone's bags, zipper inside out.  This place was already jammed packed like sardines when we got there around 1pm.  It's insane how many good looking people they packed in there! Day beds and cabanas are available for large groups.  There are few free lawn chairs located on the side of the pool.  Towels, we somehow got the attention of a worker there that was holding a pile of them.  Eye Candy Galore for each and everyone of you.  I guarantee it! I seriously get so paranoid when these girls wear high heels and not slip!Beautiful people.  Friendly people.  Come here ready to look hot, dance, and talking/drinking with random people!!!  I mean what else can you do when there's so many people around you!!! :)
1	So it's my vacation! We went to Rehab & it's awesome! We also went to Bare & I love it :):):) but Wet republic sucks!!! I thought it's goin to be fun but No! Crew was very rude! Not relaxing at all:(
1	I went here when Diddy was supposed to come in September and the line was ridiculous!  No cover, but still! Wayyy too hot to be in line that long.  I got in and it was just one big pool with people everywhere!  it was ridiculous.
5	This Review is for the Wet Your Appetite for LV Restaurant Week on August 30, 2010:First off shout out to Debbie N. for hooking up the comp tix.  It was certainly well worth the $30.10 admission to get in!Restaurant week certainly kicked off in style for a great cause to help fight hunger in supporting the Three Square Food Bank! It was a great mix of music, food and mermaids! WTH?! Yes!  Mermaids!Wet Republic was a great location to hold this event. When I saw the calendar event pop up I wasn't exactly sure what to expect since this is my first ever Restaurant Week event in Las Vegas. Me and Stephanie L. arrived on time and the line went fairly quickly.  Upon entry, you're provided with a card to be stamped at every booth there!  As I'm stopping by each booth and trying everything the mixture of sweet and savory sorta trick my taste buds a bit.  If I had to do it over again, I wished I asked the chefs questions about the specific ingredients in each sample appetizer.Highlights of the event for me:-Nutella Mousse Sweet Burger with Strawberry Ale: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Al0uCu7s9LQEURwV1F6Bfg?select=yUyxRrPDmowBBvM9wvCUSA-Semolina Gnocchi with Braised Duck & Black Truffle Ragu: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Al0uCu7s9LQEURwV1F6Bfg?select=_wwPLFUWJS4G2HrHH8cQkg-Sashimi of Harimasa, Vegetable Crudo, Ginger Aromatic Sauce: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Al0uCu7s9LQEURwV1F6Bfg?select=IRj-u1VNIJP13bZvy1k8DA-Soy Glazed Short Ribs, Apple Jalapeno Puree and Rosemary Crumbs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Al0uCu7s9LQEURwV1F6Bfg?select=4eIVrqMSRSQWs-WhobmqNw-Tuscan Panzanella Salad and Creamy Burrata Cheese: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Al0uCu7s9LQEURwV1F6Bfg?select=lzSNH_h5iqy0SM6O9zdLjA-Mermaids: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Al0uCu7s9LQEURwV1F6Bfg?select=2ZsLwJfj9wSubm3KsoowTA***Highlight of the night***:  Chef & DJ Hubert Keller getting jiggy wid it on the wheels of steel: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Al0uCu7s9LQEURwV1F6Bfg?select=14OXQnT6Dpe5ep-t-m-hNA  Big thumbs up to all the Celeb Chefs and staff at the MGM/Mirage restaurants that were awesome dealing with the long lines in every booth... even the cover band that was performing all the hits from BEP to BBD was representing!   According to Jieun L. big thumbs down for me being Asian and not feeling the Ginger Margarita!  "You're Asian, how can you NOT like Ginger?"  Also thumbs down for lagging not turning in our completed card in time to the auction table to receive a complimentary key for a chance to unlock the box and win a prize!  But still a great time on a rare "cool" summer evening in the desert!  If I can make it through another year in Vegas, I'll mos def be back next year pho shizzle!
2	Okay, two years ago this place would have rendered a 4 Star Review. The place was a laid back alternative to the hyped up Rehab party down the road. There were lots of people who were there not to be hot-bodies and flaunt what they got, but to actually listen to some good music music and be social by the pool. But as with most things. Fame seems to corrupt. I returned this summer only to find the place completely flip-flopped. It's become yet another haven for the egocentric and those whose outer beauty must be overcompensating for the disgusting truth of what lies inside. Tons of hard bodies and hotties roaming around like a bunch of sun bleached ants doing a mating dance. Being of the "attached" assortment, this kind of prowling was intimidating. Gave a whole new meaning to the term "meat market".The cover is outrageous for a place where you can't even sit down. Best suggestion is to get your hookup long before you get to the bouncer. The guy has a memory like an elephant. I tried to explain that my "VIP" card had been left in my room and he immediately made me out to be some deadbeat. I walk around outside for awhile hoping to return to somebody a bit more generous. Not the case. $40 later (for me and my lady) and we were in.The drinks have always been a bit expensive, but permissible then. Now, you have to deal with alot of BS and pay top dollar for watered down drinks. Some words of advice, PAY CASH. I let a tab open and when all was said and done, the bartender included his tip in my bill. Not that what he added was unreasonable. But the fact that he took the liberty to do so kind of piffed me a bit (I usually tip in cash). The music was beyond unbearable. The first couple djs played "mash-ups" blended with garbage mainstream hip-hop and badly might I add. Patiently waiting for the some house music, the next dj answers my prayers (kinda). But this was more techno than house. Just way too hard and loud for the time and place. I had hoped to get that laid back South Beach vibe from Wet Republic when I returned but only got an excuse for the party monsters to come out into the daylight. I had hoped to be able to hang out with a more average sort and listen to some deep grooves while chilling out at the pool. What I got was cocaine frenzied mating ritual of overly (I actually was going to go with ridiculously) chiseled bodies that I didn't want to be part of.My suggestion:Pack a mini cooler of your favorite alcoholic beverage. Come as you are. And find a lounger along the west side of lazy river where you can still hear the music from beyond the wall of Wet Republic. Rated Two Stars for:Bad vibesWorse musicExpensive drinksOnly thing saving this from being a one-star review is that I've seen this place better. So I know it has potential. Loose the "bros" and "hos" attitudes and I might come back.
5	Wet Republic Saturdays is the spot to be! If your gonna be at a pool party on Saturday, make it Wet Republic, beautiful people all around at the Ultra Pool @ MGM.Got there around 11am on Saturday and of course the GA line is as long as the eye can see. Like I said before, AOD members dont do lines and as in this case, it was all taken care of. Contacted Thomas, he said everything is taken care of so we went to the front and instantly we got our papers to walk in.  www.jackcolton.com is the spot for more info.Thomas sets us up w/ 4 COMPED chairs at the prime spot of Wet. We thank Thomas with a handshake and our day gets started. I highly suggest to reserve a chair since there is no real estate to sit on unless your a girl and you get invited to a cabana or just sit ont he floor somewhere which is never fun.Chair mins are only $150 so why pay $50 cover w/ no spot to sit on. Your gonna spend $100 on drinks anyways so go reserve that chair. Thomas will take care of you.Anyways the vibe at Wet is straight up party! The pool got pretty gross by the end of the day but thats normal. Bodily fluids + drinks + whatever else = murky.Must visit for sure, bring your A game when you do
5	(+)-LL cool J-dj was so gooooood(-)-water is prob disgustingThis was my first time at one of these pools and I was def not ready to walk into this hip hop music video.Decent sized pool with a bunch of people in it and some rad lounge chairs in the water. Cabanas located on opposite sides. Bar with typical ~$14 drinks. The crowd that day was ridiculous and entertaining. Sooo many Guidos. Girls werent much better, leather skin, nipple covers, and high heels.I loved the music, loved loved loved. I can appreciate how rare that was, hip hop for once after all the house intensive pools like tao beach and encore beach club. LL cool J was the special celebrity guest and we got to meet and take a picture with him before we left! the cherry on top of a fun experience :)
4	This place was wicked wild. The best part, is when I showed up a Miamian (who I knew) was currently running the gig. So it made it even more awesome! Definitely check it out if you in Vegas. Get there early to snag a green pool chair!
4	perks of being a guest....you don't have to wait in line OR pay to get in!walked on over to the pool...the music drew me in.The place was packed!!! walked around looking for a spot to chill out in...but all of them were taken...UNTIL I put my listening ears on and over heard a family state that they needed to get a move on cause they were going home...Ummmmm HALT. RIght here, and it was the perfect spot...there was a time I had sun...then as the Earth moved...I had shade from the lovely palm tree in front of me....then again Sun. I also managed to even out my skin tone! Took a walk down the lazy river...that thing was looong! But um $16 for an inner-tube...no wonder I saw 6 folks haning on one! HMPH!Drink prices were outrageous....but that's just Vegas.Great day to spend my Saturday!
1	6 months ago, this place was AMAZING.  Beautiful people, great vibes.  We had a bit of an issue getting in.  I had some words with the manager and got our friends in for a somewhat decent price for a daybed.The service, drinks and vibes were enough to put our initial impression behind us.Most recently however, this place has gone downhill.  I don't know if because we went on a Sunday, the residue from the weekend was lingering but both pools were lined with this nasty slime that looked like puke with hair in it.What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas unless you get into the pool.  You're definitely taking home something.The thing that stuck out the most was this nasty, hairy 40something woman in a halter top and baggy shorts in the pool making out with, from what i saw, about 8 different dudes and actually boning one dude --- water splashing up from behind him and all.She managed to victimize the poor guys next to our daybed demanding them to buy her a drink.  They were messing with her and gave her an empty bottle of Stoli.  She proceeded to crawl onto their day bed, spread her legs and shorts and play with herself.....I just threw up a little writing about it.Anyways, after they kicked her off, she eyeballed my best friend and my friend Lo got in her face and 'politely' asked her to keep walking.  By polite I mean she called the woman a nasty bitch and to get the fkc away.Definitely recommend another pool party.  We were at Liquid Lounge the day before and it was amazing... Could be because we had a cabana and were away from the masses with our own private pool.. but it was still much better than Wet Republic.
4	we came here on a monday, its pretty empty then. but we came to meet up some guys we met the night before. they had vip service with a private cabana. we had a lot of fun tanning and playing in the water with them. the pool is pretty big and has many separate ones throughout the mgm grounds. this place is definitely better than most other pools because its so huge. and on sundays it really is a pool party not just people tanning.
3	Was there for Avril Livigne birthday bash this past weekend, she wasn't even there and we got rain/thunderstorm on.  If we didn't have rain, it would have been a pretty kickin' pool party.  I was there for my cousin's bachlorette Vegas weekend.  We didn't have to pay to get in since the day before, the other girls came and reserved a spot for the next day.  Saturday is the busiest so it's hard to get a seat or a cabana.  We stayed at the signature so I think there was no cover charges.
4	This pool is pretty gnarly! Fortunately we did not have to pay to get in. The drinks are way to pricy...but that is Vegas so I won't let that effect my review to much. It was not overly crowded so we were able to find a good spot and party, luckily we left right before it started raining. Avril's Birthday bash was going on...didn't see her but Ashley Tisdale was there. I would absolutely recommend this if you are wanting a ultimate vegas pool party!
3	The General Admission line to get in sucks. I think we waited like 40-50 minutes? And once you pass through that line, you have to wait in line AGAIN, to buy the ticket. So gay. We got a flyer that Avril Lavigne was going to be there celebrating her birthday. Never saw her, nor did they even talk about her.. The pool is way overcrowded. We really had no where to put our towel and had to set it far away from the pool near the DJ. There were cool green lounge chairs in the pool but they were all taken. The music was fun. And then after an hour inside, the DJ announces that everyone has to get out of the pool and he didn't know how long it was going to take. Apparently someone pooped in the water, but I'm not sure if he was joking or not. Then it started to rain, and people were starting to leave, but then the DJ started to play some fist pumping music, and everyone just started fist pumping in the rain. It was so crazy, but I think it made the experience there much more enjoyable.
3	We went on one of the last weekends it was open this year.. The weather was OK. Some overcast around 3.. which made it a little cold. It definitely wasn't as packed as I expected it to be.. but actually, Vegas wasn't that packed either that weekend.Can't complain about the line, there was no one in line when we got there. 2ish? And we had a bed already set aside because my friends were already there. The pool was a nice and comfy temperature, the beds were large and comfy too. The drink list was interesting.. we ordered a few pitchers of mixed drinks. I only tried the Xtreme Passion, which was delicious (other than the brain freeze), but lacked any alcoholic punch. The music was good. There was a point when it was house music which I don't care for.. But they also played hip hop and dance, which is more my style. The only other Pool Party I've been to was Rehab on Memorial Day weekend, so this one pales in comparison of HARD PARTYING. It was a nice relaxing day at the pool w/ loud music. I'll have to try another day when Vegas is busier.
3	Some girlfriends and I were staying at the MGM and got some free passes, so we figured, "What the heck?! Let's check it out." Luckily, we got there right when it opened for the day, so we were able to score 5 of the 10 free plastic green chairs that are half submerged in the pool. While they weren't comfortable, it was nice having a homebase to return to and to keep our bags and stuff. I'm not sure I'd ever pay a $30 entrance fee to hang out here, but it's not bad when it's free!Pros: Good music and great people watching!Cons: You have to pay for all the lounge chairs/beds and pricey drinks.
3	It was decent here (3.5 Stars)... except I don't know how sanitary the pool is... oh well. There were photographers and the one that took pictures of us did a good job so we bought a few prints. It was expensive, but good for the memories =)They search you like crazy before you get in. They open up every little thing you try to bring with you including chapstick, wallets, compacts, papers... anything! And you definitely cannot bring in any food or drinks, so leave them in the hotel room or consume them while in line.
3	Wet Republic Ultra Pool played good music and the service was really good.  We came on a Sunday and got a cabana which was equipped with a flat screen TV so we were able to catch the football games.  The $85 pitcher of mojito tasted great.  Their kitchen was closed that day but the server was nice enough to run and get us sandwiches.  What a nice person... but I guess for a $60 tip for the sandwiches, anyone would've made the run.The weather was good and since the weekend we went was the last weekend in which Wet Republic was open for the season, I expected it to be crowded but it wasn't.They did search us thoroughly prior to letter us in.  They even made us take off our shoes/sandals  and open our wallet/purse so they can look inside.  I don't know if they were looking for illegal drugs or weapons, but I don't think I can fit a machine gun in my small wallet mister.
3	I am not into the Rehab- style crazy pool party scene. It gives me anxiety. I don't understand how people can party in bazillion degree temperatures in their bathing suits with the loudest music possible, and line up at 9 am!However! I went to Wet Republic for free, on a Friday, with my best friends from college and we had fun! Shocking, I tell you.Note: I have never been through more stringent security in my life. If you carry legit prescription drugs with you you have to "check" them in. And they looked everywhere, including inside people's compacts. No coke for you people!
4	I must say, on a hot day during the spring, this is one of my favorite places to be in Vegas.  The drinks are good, the crowd is lively, and the pool is a nice break from the desert heat.  A friend of mine used to work here as a bartender (he doesn't anymore), so I was always able to get in free and without waiting in line.  I don't know for sure that I would have paid the cover to get in, but I would have absolutely been willing to wait in line.  Any weekend, it is the place to be.  However, when I went on a Wednesday, it was dead.  And I mean ABSOLUTELY dead.  There were only like 10 other people, and since it is such a gigantic pool area, my friend and I may as well have been the only ones there.  Overall, it is a good time if you are a young, fun, attractive person with a group of people just like you.
5	Best time in Vegas! One afternoon at Wet is like a week of spring break in Mexico or Miami. Off the hook DJs such as Swedish House Mafia and celebrity guests, awesome pitchers of mixed frozen drinks, and plenty of people-watching entertainment. Long lines at the bathroom and super crowded, but if you drink enough it is worth it. Warning: they will search everything you bring in like you just came off the plane from Medellin. Security guards walk around trying to look scary and you will proably see someone being arrested. Bring $$ and be prepared to drop hosts' names if you want to get in without waiting hours in line or paying. Don't plan on laying around, you're going to be up walking around or dancing in the pool the whole time. Bring as little stuff with you as possible because the concrete will be covered with beach towels (provided). There is close parking  people forget about, so you don't have to walk thru the entire casino to get there. If you feel like partying like a rockstar, this is the place to be during the day.
4	This was the very first day/pool club I have been to in Vegas a few years back, and absolutely loved Wet! Great service! We received 2 complimentary pitchers of flavored mojito to start with our cabana! Can't complain about that! Other than that, amazing party atmosphere, with a gigantic pool... it could be a standard Olympic size pool? Anyone want to train for London 2012 AND have fun?! Well there you go!
4	My friend had been raving about this place for forever so I had high expectations.There was no line, but my guy friend did have to pay.  They took my reduced price pass for him at least.I don't know if we went on an off-day or what.  It was a Sunday so it shouldn't have been too slow, but it sure seemed like it.  The crowd was pretty spread out and not-too-friendly (as Vegas usually is).  The place is big but it seemed like a weakness on this day.  I would give this a 3.5-4 stars.  My friend still loves it so we'll be going back this summer.  I'm hoping for an improvement.
4	This place was amazing. I had the pleasure of being there for Memorial Day week...I had to choose between Wet Republic and Rehab (aka The floating STD) so it was a no-brainer. This place was all it was cracked up to be. Since I stayed at the MGM for that whole week (what can I say...I got style and pizazz) I got a free ticket to go to the pool party. This pool/club is very spread out and they have the cabana sections (for all the high rollers) and then they have the regular lounge chairs by the pool for the regular folks; now I'm someone who is used to the high life and VIP sections  (j/k) but not this time so I decided to sit in the lounge chairs by the pool. The cocktail waitress who was assigned to me was drop dead gorgeous and was very chatty. The drink prices were reasonable and the food was good to. By the time I left the pool, it was 6 or 7 (don't remember since I was so trashed)The normal entry fee for guys is $20 or $30.00. Now if you are a guest at the MGM, they give you a ticket for a reduced price. One detraction is that the walk from the hotel to here is long and I mean long!!! but it was worth itIf you like drinks, hot bodies, suntans, and relaxation, then this is a must place in Vegas
1	There is a lot of hype about this place and although it is a good time, it is not very different than any of the other pool parties in Vegas, but with a lot more expense.One piece of advice though, DO NOT OPEN A BAR TAB ESPECIALLY IN THE CABANA BOTTLE SERVICE AREA.  They will over charge you for drinks that you either did not order or that are different than the posted menu rates at the venue and shown on their website.  This is how the waitresses make their money.  Do not tip before you get the bill.  They will add it to your bill anyways and deny the cash you forked over earlier in the day. If you dispute the charges, they will threaten to arrest you with Vegas PD at the premises.  You do not need this kind of argument at the end of what you thought was an enjoyable day.  And the MGM will not get involved to help settle the dispute unless you charge your bill through your room.Spread the word fellow Yelpers, its not worth the trouble or expense.
3	I went on a Thursday. It was $10 for ladies to get in, so I found that very reasonable. On Fridays it's $20 for ladies. It wasn't very packed on Thursday, which I enjoyed. I looove that they have salt water pools, and no kids allowed of course 21+. The DJ was alright, played a lot of house at first, then some hip hop. It was pretty loud, and you have to shout a little to talk to eachother, which is fine with me. I ordered a bloody mary and a fiji water at the bar, it was about $25. That bloody mary was soooo damn tasty, I wasn't even mad about the price. The bartender was also very friendly. I believe his name was Alex, although I could be mistaken. But he was great, I really appreciated the excellent service. I cannot stand when you go to a place and employees have the nerve to act stuck up when I'm in there spending money. Which brings me to those GD raunchy ass towel boys (aka security). Jeezus folks, super cop status, seriously? They're like pumped up d-bags who want to police everyone for no good reason. Did I mention it took almost 20 minutes to get into the place?! I only brought myself, but some people had bags of stuff. They searched eeeeverything!! They made everyone dump out all their liquids, even contact lense fluid and hand sanitizer! They said it could be drugs, (GHB) what is this the 90's? I found it hilarious. The place wasn't even busy. My best friend was not impressed and completely hated the place before we even got inside. We didn't stay long. They lose two stars from me for the douchey security guards, and long wait.  Other than that it's a pretty cool place. But the service was horrible. If it wasn't for the super sweet bartender, good drink, and one friendly bouncer, I'd have had to start some shit up in that MF!
4	Spots around the pool fill up really quickly so yes, come as early as you can.  I think they open at 10am or something.  Go with a lot of hot girls too because then perhaps you will get as lucky as we did and get asked to hang out in the owner's booth where there are free drinks and food.  Great music!  Nice big bar! Expensive drinks!!!
5	Had a great time at Wet. I thought we would go in, look around for a while and take off. I am not that in to the pool scene but this place rocked! It had a very good vibe, everybody was chill, especially the people who run the place. Organized, well run, on top of things. Our cabana hostess took care of us. We made friends with everyone around us. It helped that we were right next to the DJ booth! We stayed entertained all afternoon and shut the place down.
4	either bring a CC or a big zip lock bag to hold your wad of cash. pool parites in vegas are not for the cheap and poor.great music, awesome atmosphere, some of the most gorgeous girls in vegas love dancing around and in the pool. bottle service ranges any where between $400 up to $20,000 (for a very few select bottles)didn't try the food, the bar area is quick and easy to get a drink - but careful as the floors are real slippery.and dip in the pool if you'd like to stay cool but don't go under. the water is rather grimey feeling. but its vegas. who knows what goes on in the waters! hahaall in all - i'd say if your gonna plan on lougning pool side for most of the day - its worth the $50 - $100 to get into a pool party. the music is great and the women are beautiful. won't have to worry bout wrinkly butts flashing you everytime you rotate in the sun.
4	Overall we had an awesome time, but we also had 14 girls split one day bed.  Day beds were $1500 and that didn't include tax and gratuity...it ended up be $1900 for the day.  You would think with 14 ladies it would easy to spend $1500 in alcohol and food, but at the end of the day we still had $35 left!!  We order  pitchers of drinkes, buckets of beers, rounds of vodka shots, and some girls had a vodka and red bull here and there.  We also go the chips/salsa/hummus/veggie platter, the chicken fingers and fries platter, and a chopped salad.  Everything was great except the chicken fingers....very greasy.  The chips and fries were also on the saltier side.  For those who don't want to get a cabana or day bed or couch then you will find yourself paying the $30 or whatever it is to get in to sit on the stairs by the pool or on the side of the pool.  We got there at 1030 and the line just to get in for people who didn't have tables etc was sooooo long.  Don't bring any kind of aspirin or gum!  You will have to chuck it.  The people will search you and checked some of our bathing suits for what I would assume was drugs.  OHHH!!  And ladies double knot your bikinis because their were a-holes pulling on them, and some chick pulled my friends bottoms, whose were not double knotted....enough said!!  Lastly, don't try to fall asleep...one of our girls did, and not bc she was drunk, just tired, and she was woken up by security 3 times to see if she was okay.  On the third time the lady asked her where she was, who the president was, and how many quarters are in a $1.50!!  My friend left and went back to the hotel to sleep after that!  Overall, there was wall to wall people, but was definitely like a club in water!  We had a great time, but I prob won't go back soon.  It was one of those experiences you have to try, but then you can go back to lounging poolside with your girls on the other side.  Lol...oh and I say this because we drank so much and partied it up at the pool that we didn't go out Saturday night!!  I'm a personal fan of Vegas night life....but I'm happy I gave day life a shot!!!
4	Loved and hated this place (loved it more).Watch out -- they confiscate everything possible before you enter the pool area!  And be prepared to spend a lot -- it's worth it, but be prepared!My friends and I got a cabana and it was awesome!  Our server was super sweet and waited on us like we're goddesses!Also, this isn't the place if you've got self-esteem issues -- everyone here is proud of their skinny & often modified bodies...(as they should -- i'd probably do the same if i looked like them!)
4	I came here this past Saturday for Tiesto and pre-sale tickets were $57 (including the processing fee).. If you didn't purchase your ticket in advance then they were charging $150 at the door.. The venue is relatively large and this is the place to see and be seen! Some of the most gorgeous women and handsome men will be found at this pool party, and everyone dresses to impress.. Their security staff are on top of everything and are great at making sure that it remains a safe environment for everyone (considering that you're mixing alcohol + high temperatures).. There were a few people that couldn't handle the madness and passed out but their medical staff quickly assisted them and escorted them out for medical attention.. They have a huge shaded bar by the pool and it is one of the larger ones I've seen at a pool.. They offer a full bar including the mixed frozen drinks that you'll find anywhere on the Strip.. A cup of the frozen stuff runs for $18 and sadly you don't get much bang for your buck.. I drank two of these drinks and did not even feel a mild buzz.. The security guards by the shaded VIP area are very friendly and if you're a good looking girl then they will allow you to sit inside the guarded area.. There are many day beds and cabanas surrounding the main pool and they had House/Trance music going all day.. Tiesto did a great job spinning at this venue and it was a fun time!
4	Not the typical spot I'd want to spend my time at all - definitely more of the "Rehab" style crowd than I found at Marquee. But stupid douchebag muscleboy Jersey type patrons aside, this is a marvelous pool club, and they have some serious DJ talent on their lineups. Full of fine looking ladies in bikinis, drinks flowing like water, and great house music on the soundsystem (if you go at the right times). Now for the good part...remember the aforementioned douchebag style dudes? I had the pleasure of witnessing row after row of them file into the bathroom...barefoot...and stand at the urinals...IN OTHER PEOPLES PISS. Yes ladies - those uber coiffed, studly muscleboy, Jersey shore type dudes you love to drool over are disgusting, no hygiene having, standing in pee puddles mothaf*ckers. Next time you're there, and see some hunky dude, you may wanna foot check that bastard before you go home with him, lol.
4	Came here by accident as they were giving out free admission passes to MGM guests. To get inside you had to go through crazy security and they legitimately throw everything away, even hand sanitizer ( they aren't even this strict on planes!!!!!). And you can't get it back when you leave either. Once we got inside (this was our first pool "party") we quickly realized we need to get some sort of bed. There was no where to really lay and put your stuff down, except the ground,  unless you got some sort of bed. The beds and couches weren't cramped as they are at other places (ahhem Tao) so you didn't feel like you were a sardine in a can. We came on Thursday of MDW, and got a couch for $250. All you have to do is get $250 worth of alcohol & food ( I'm not sure why people would spend their money on food, imo). The host that got us the "table"/couch was very nice and our waitress was very attentive. The pool itself filled up quickly, at around 3 or 4pm being the most crowded. The prices were definitely on the expensive side, as a pitcher of any drink was $95 and not strong enough. A bottle of water was $9. The crowd is pleasant as everyone is on vacation and is just having a good time. We kept to the bigger pool, as that is where the action was happening. The area of the whole pool, bar and sitting area is definitely on the larger side of things. My friends and I really enjoyed our time there and will come here again on our next visit to Vegas.
4	One of the bigger pool parties I've been too. Definitely is spacious enough for busy weekends/special events.They have 2 big pools and a lazy river. There are plenty of bars around. Love their nachos! Not too spicy but has a kick. The frozen drinks are tasty, but can't taste the alcohol!! Tastes more like non-alcoholic drinks! For $34 (biggest size) and $24 souvenir mugs I expect to get a little more buzzed!The music at the Producer's Pool and way louder and more poppin'. Tip: They are super strict on entry. They actually swipe your key card to make sure it's still active.
5	Yeah yeah, pools/clubs, I've heard about it but not impressed. That's was then. But then I had the best day party experience I have ever seen.  It was definitely helped by staying at the MGM signature which is just steps away, but getting out of bed on a Sunday and heading here is a good enough reason to stay in Vegas for a full day - no leaving early. The setup is great - daybeds, cabanas, good drinks and food, two pools and a few hot tubs.  The crowd is generally good-looking and friendly - just make sure not to party so hard that you miss your flight.  You've been warned.
2	Saturday. I'm giving it a 2 star just because it took hubby and I 2 hrs to get in thru general entrance and we got there @ 1045am.  If u go, you can buy presale tickets till 9 am on their website.  That line or the cabana line were faster. Once inside it was awesome. Tip your bartender good and stick with them d whole day. He will make drinks stronger without having to pay for a double. Don't bring pills, gum, candy,  etc bc they search your bags REALLY GOOD
1	Worst place ever. If you want to waste 300, wait inline for over priced service be my guest!  Fuel the over priced beast!  Don't do it f that!  I'm a male you will not benefit guys!
1	Honestly one of the worst values for the money. I understand paying more for some different experience, but this place offers very little for too much.... Simply AVOID
5	WET WET WET.All bad, but allll goooood. Full of drunken debauchery in all levels. From the sexy bitches chillin at tables enjoying their margaritas to the sexy bitches in the pool making out with random guys... everyone seemed to be having a crazy fucking time.WET. WET. WET.
5	Cuh-Ray-Zee! By far, my favorite pool party in Vegas...even more so now because I met Shemar Moore here! ::fanning myself::The people here are always primed to get crazy and have fun so this place easily gets to level 10. Saturday afternoon is the BEST and ONLY time to come here. Make sure you get on a guestlist, bring plenty stacks, and get in line early.Whether you're getting food and drinks at the bar or in your cabana (where I usually am because that Vegas sun is no joke), you will def enjoy. Ladies, if you're insecure about your body, don't come here because it'a a live Victoria Secret bathing suit catalog. But then again, some of the guys aren't the buffest so it all evens out. Bottom line, confidence is key, because there is T&A everywhere you look.Lastly, security here is RIDIC! They don't care if your breath is humming and your head is hurting because they searched all through my purse and threw out my Motrin, gum, and my friend's breath spray. They don't frisk the girls but they do frisk the guys and search through their bags too.Definitely make going to Wet Republic a priority the next time you're out in Vegas.
1	What can I say clubbing has gotten stale and typical big club venues are for amateurs at the end of the day and yes this carries over into Vegas pool parties as well.  Paying 50 plus bucks, waiting in line for an hour plus to get into a wanna be Guido filled sausage fest is not my cup of tea.  So here is the rest of the skinny on Wet Republic a less than Olympic sized pool that used to be part of the MGM that has $4000 cabanas and $1500 beach chairs if you don't opt for that you can stand around and look at the ever growing sausage fest while listening to a good sound system go to waste pumping top 40 electro/radio edits all day starting at 9am.  To be honest this place just really lacks the talent for the price.  I was comped by a friend for a cabana for a bachelor party we stayed a little over an hour and bounced.  The only possible redeeming thing here is that I didn't pay and drank for free.  I suggest the Producers pool next door or take it the Marquee Pool Party.  If you do go to Wet Republic go on Sundays for the F-me I am Famous Party were you can see a paid celebrity getting paid to do jack.
3	This place doesn't compare to rehab..but it's enough to get through my sundays when i'm at vegas.Went here last yr 2k10 cause my group of friends woke up late and didn't make it to rehab after 10am (which $$ go up the hour) so we used wet republic as a fall back.This pool party is filled with unique characters imaginable. Drinks are whatevers, ppl are whatevers, but be aware and don't leave your valuable laying around..lots of shadyness goes on at this place.You have been warned..
4	I've been to Wet Republic before & always had a great time. When i went a few weeks ago, it was complete madness because Crystal Harris and Heidi Montag where there (who cares). We were on the list via Alex Cordova (the best), but had to wait in line after line for like 30  min due to the crowd. When we finally got in, the placed was PACKED. No green lounge chairs in the water :( We found a tiny piece of land next to the lifeguard & set up camp. We ended up getting free drinks all day from some guy at the bar, some guy with bottle service, and then finally a group of guys with a cabana. Overall, it was a fun day with my girlfriends, but a little crazy. Definitely could have done without the dicks in the pool splashing every 5 seconds. Special thanks to the DJ for encouraging this immature behavior.
3	Super crowded and warm water.. not sure if that's a good or bad thing, makes you feel a little icky thinking about that when you're in the water. Just one pool and the entire area isn't that big. Drinks and foods are incredibly overpriced ($17 blended margarita!) whether you're ordering at the bar or if you have a table. Oh and lots and lots of beautiful fake girls in teeny bikinis and sky high stilettos to the poolside and Jersey Shore type guys, oh Vegas..Oh and get here early! Whether you get in via guestlist or having a cabana or re-entering or whatever, the baggage check line takes forever--which they check EVERYTHING, don't even bring gum or mints. And without a cabana or day bed, it'll be a challenge to find a safe spot to put your stuff down. I still think Rehab is better.
4	If you want dancing, great music, and a substitute for Rehab since they are only open on Sundays, YOU HAVE TO COME HERE! At first, when we arrived, we were able to nab some discount passes from one of the Wet Republic peeps out there, hey, 4th of July right?, Once we arrived we were checked and they made sure that no sort of drug was on us. They confiscated the cigars from some of the kids in from of us. Once we were in we checked out the bar area and sat by there. The place was not hoppin yet, so we were in chill mode. Then some more people started to roll in and we relocated to the place of action....THE POOL! The Dj started to play the music, and lets just say the place started booming from there. We had a pitcher of joy juice on hand, and was back in forth between the pool and the side. It was a hell of a work out peeps! Between the dancing, and yes, PLANKING!, we were going strong.We were even put to work by one of the ladies at the pool. I call her mermaid chick. She always asked us to spead our legs, (no no, dont go there peeps), and she can swim under them. She did pretty good granted she almost took out some of our jewels with those leg kicks. Then of couse my other party peeps went with her request to carry her on their shoulders, which, their pool security didnt like, that liability crap, but anyways we did it three more times just to humor them and accomidate the mermaids request.Thing were smooth and in the dance groove until someone aw our planking, and well, tried it himself. The only mistake was he thought he was aquaman and rammed into a girl. She didn't like it (well, he was fondling, mugging, and sitting on every chick he could find), but no one complained until he did it to the wrong one. What do you think the result was peep? Security was told, he was in the process of being tossed, and his crew went after the girls crew, one of their crew was cold cocked defending her friend, and Metro was part of the party. After that entertainment, we continued to DANCE!, but then a few minutes later, it was closing time.This is a great place to come. The music was booming as well as the peeps. YOU HAVE TO COME AND GET YOUR GROOVE SACK ON!
5	Love, love, love this place! I had the BEST Birthday ever here at Wet with all my peeps! We all got in free, thanks to the best promoter Lance! You rockkk!!!! Wet has great music, soooo much better than Rehab, better looking people, foood/bar service top notch and damn goood yummmy bar food (a wonderful surprise!).We will be back next year!!!
5	The highlight of my Vegas trip! This is thee BEST pool club in Vegas. And okay, granted, it's also the only one I've been to, but it definitely set the standards very high. You know you're not in a ghetto place when you can leave your sandals, bag, etc and jump in the pool. It rained and even that didn't take away from us enjoying our time there. Awesome DJ, great pool, attractive people and not so attractive people that can hide in sunglasses = good times. Can't wait to party here again!
5	Ahhh Wet Republic, how do I apply for citizenship?  A hand stamp is good for a temporary visa, but I am ready to move in and get a passport!The first thing you need to know is that this pool is a happy medium between pools like Tao Beach and The Rehab.  It is about 53,000 sq feet of fun (compared to Tao's 18,000 and Rehabs 200,000+)  The entrance fee is reasonable.  I only paid $20 when the gates opened compared to $40 at The Rehab.  The pool area is well manicured similar to Tao, and there is plenty of room to move around, unlike Rehab.There is still a very solid party vibe at this pool, much more so than Tao, but not the absolute insanity of Rehab.  Take the case of the young girl who couldn't hold her liquor about two hours in.  A few of us were dancing in the shallow end to some Pit Bull and my buddy gets my attention to look behind us at the sidewalk where the staff has a girl slumped over in a wheelchair as they push her towards the exit.  The results of her drinking too much were still visible in her textured hair, which draped over her face like that scary girl from The Grudge.  We all paused in silence with respect to make sure she was physically okay (which she was), then everyone turned back to face the pool, threw their hands in the air and shouted, "Now it's a party!" and continued to jam to Pit Bull.Now, if it were Tao, I don't think anyone would have gotten sick like that.  If it was Rehab, I am not sure people would have showed as much concern to make sure she was OK, they probably would have just kept partying.  So, you see, a happy middle ground.The drinks are about the same price as elsewhere, so just call it a wash on that.  The crowd was for the most part very friendly, which is one of the best things about this place.  You could move around dance with different people, and everyone was just having a good time.The fitness levels are still pretty high, so you want to be beach ready to really enjoy this place.  Plenty of eye candy for guys and girls here.  I have been pretty adamant about not paying high fees for cabanas, day beds, or lounge chairs since I don't think you should go to a pool club to lay around (dance people!).  But this is one place I might actually consider going in on one of those big queen size bed things.  The reason is that they are positioned right on the edge of the pool where a lot of the action is happening.  So you are not missing out much by having it, and if you have a larger group you don't have to worry about a place to put your stuff.  I would consider it at least!The lifeguards are pretty on top of things here, which I do like.  I got "counseled" about three times so I knew they were doing a good job of keeping an eye on the crowd.  Oh, the Rehab doesn't allow bags, but this place is extremely strict on any container-like items, which will get confiscated without mercy at the gate.  I guess they have had a lot of problems with people trying to smuggle stuff in, so try to limit what you bring in here, which is probably wise advice for any pool club.  Just the bare essentials.By the way, I just have to put this out there...Guys, if you have an attractive girlfriend and you go to a place like this, don't sit there and fume all day because the other guys are giving her attention.  I saw a few couples like that and just really don't get their big hangup.  Getting in a fight with your girlfriend when everyone is out there just having fun is probably not the best way to spend the day.  So sack up and move on!One last tip for scheduling.  Wet is open on Saturday and Sunday.  Rehab is only open Sundays.  Since these offer relatively different experiences, some of you may be thinking of hitting up both over a weekend.  So it makes it pretty easy to go to Wet on Saturday and Rehab on Sunday.  If you throw in a buffet and a nightclub on Saturday night then you are really living Vegas style!
3	I think Wet Republic would have been more fun if our whole group went together. Three of us arrived early so we went straight for the pool! On the way there, a promoter handed us cards informing us Wet Republic was free before 1pm. Of course we got stoked about that.We hopped through the line and, other than the pat down, went right in. It's very trendy and modern to the eye, with 2 big pools and a surplus of cabanas and VIP areas. The crowd was hot and there were plenty of great groups to meet and hang out with. We found some cool guys to play an impromptu "volleyball" game with us, which was a lot of fun. And, laying poolside with my feet in the water, tanning was heaven too.The only downsides to this place: you can't bring anything in... Literally. No towels, no gum, no water, or food. Nothing. So I got my sandwich taken away from me, which I was kind of a sad panda about. Also, be prepared to spend a lot of money in this pool area. I ordered a margarita, which cost me $22 (pre tip), which wasn't very big at all and definitely needed another shot of tequila. And, if you don't arrange for cabana space, good luck finding a location to park your stuff. At least I'll be prepared for next time!
5	This time exactly one week ago i was partying it up at Wet Republic. Oh how I miss you Vegas!!! Out of my whole trip I had the best time here. The music was great, the pool was clean and a great size. The atmosphere was so much fun! They were also having the top 100 contest, so there were alot of beautiful girls. They had some drink specials for $14. Try the margaritas because after 2 I was feeling it!! Just go and experience it for yourselves!
5	Fun fun fun. We had a table that was right in front of the DJ. The pool was loaded with people and we were loaded with booze. Everyone had a great time. Things to do at Wet Republic: Drink, party, listen to good music, and mingle with fun peopleThings that you don't do: Drop your drink in the water and still try to pound it, put your head under water, walk into the bathroom bare foot, and CANNONBALL (you might get kicked out).
1	Say it isn't so, but discrimination still exist. (Not that it's new to me) After the fun we had at Marquee pool party my friend thought we can try Wet Republic. We got there Saturday 12:30pm and waited for an hour before we can get in. If you're just a group of guys you get to stay in line, in the sun, at 100 degree for one hour...   My friend was so heat stroked that he wasn't responding when we talked to him... "hey Paul you ok buddy?" We had to have him get out of the line and rest in the shade. There were only 20 people in front of us and we didn't get in until an hour later. It feels like 2 hours because of the sun. At Marquee at least we waited in an air conditioned hotel. So after waiting in line we get a stamp and have to wait another line. No idea why they do this. This is where I get PISSSSS. At the second line we were right in front but had to wait another 30 mins. 20 Mins into it a guy, Steve, told us that if we take care of him he'll take care of us. What?! Come again?! Why cause we happened to come with just guys? Or the fact that I'm Asia and I'm loaded with money? Oh again, waited in the sun. After second line we waited at the third line to pay, and it was $50. Marquee was $30. My friend Paul paid $50, 1 min later he said he's feeling sick and went to go back to hotel room and nap.The pool wasn't and ultra pool, it was ultra hot with piss. Yeah I said it! I'll say it again, PISS like urine like the pool water shouldn't be this warm and this shallow and have this many people in it. Girls who go in the pool automatically get attacked by guys No I'm not hating trust me let's face it Asian men are not build like a UFC fighters and there were a lot of them there. Dude, what steroid did you take? How much can you bench? Oh 400 lbs? That's it?! Why I did that in eighth grade. LMAO... PRO:A lot of WWF, UFC, and AMA fighters look alike at the party. If that's your type go get someCON:Terrible service... never a smile every staff look up at the sky like they're the lady Gaga or Prince of WalesLong wait in the sun...Charged $50Pool water temperature is way too warm for me to believe that no one pissed in it.
3	This place was ok. We went on a Friday and there was a decent amount of people there. The music was ok but there was not a lot of interaction between groups. I can honestly say that I had the most expensive drink of my life here. $20 for a pink lemonade drink but at least it was really strong. I will probably try it again when I go back because I like the concept. We got free/ reduced admission pass from a promoter in front of Studio 54. Read closely and get there before noon because its not valid after noon and you'll end up paying $15 or $20 a person to get in.
4	Wet Republic is my favorite Pool Club in the strip!!! great music ,delicious food, cocktails are very strong- overall i would choose to go to this pool  over others- except for one thing - one particular door man  was so rude and acted like he owned the place- i accidentally stepped over the line because people were pushing and he freaked  and ushered me out- telling me to calm down- his name was Christopher and told him he should be the one to calm down- you lucky i didnt sue your bald ass - did you really have to hold my shoulders to put me back on  the line???im 5'1 and youre 6ft tall- really?? next time i go to wet republic  i hope you dont work there anymore
5	After a long night of arriving late and going out the night before, it was so worth getting up early to get here, for it got crowded pretty fast. (We got there at 11am). BTW, it's quite a walk from the entrance of the MGM hotel since this place is alll the way in the back.Finally got there after what seemed like walking 10 miles, we finally reached the huge pools, pretty cabanas, and luckily room around the pool  where we could claim a spot since we couldn't afford one of those cabanas. We grabbed a few few complimentary towels and pick a spot around the smaller pool. After sitting in the hot sun for about 1 minute, I immediately got into the pool which was nice and cool - at least until more people started showing up haha. By early afternoon, it was CROWDED.Overall, chill pool, good music, awesome friends made it totally fun. The place looks really nice and I would definitely recommend coming EARLY.
5	Best place to party in Vegas hands down. Especially if the day is hot and sunny. Yes this place is a bit expensive, but yo save up your $$$ and ball out of control here. You will always run into someone famous here. This place is the daytime club to be. Always a good ratio of guys:girls and the table hosts are all hottttt. Everytime I go to Vegas, I always try to hit up this place. It's bumping.
4	I've been to a lot of pool club in Vegas and this is my favorite pool club in Vegas, so far.Good space, so you don't have to rub against wet drunk people when you walk around.DJ is good most of the time.Crowd is usually good but sometimes you see people who should go to Rehab or regular pool. They check EVERYTHING in your purse and wallet. Don't bring any gum or mints because they will toss away anyway.Ladies, front guys are very nice if you are nice, fun, classy and dress well (Remember, this is a pool CLUB). They usually let us in without the line or charges.We always meet nice and fun people here. Love it!
4	We went on a monday, so it wasn't super busy, but it was still a really good time.  we were staying at the MGM and just hanging by the lazy river and a friend and i decided to go talk to the bouncer to see how much it costed and what not.  it would have been $20 per guy, free for girls, but we all got in for free cause we got a daybed ($250 min for the day).  would have been kinda nice though instead of him saying "if you get a bottle, you are covered" as my friends didn't know that getting a bottle is like $475, then the 22% gratuity and then their other fees, which ends up being $622 per bottle; granted we got 3 mixers (pineapple juice, cranberry, OJ), and 6 redbulls lol.  keep in mind, the bottom pool gets much more crowded and earlier than the upper pool, and the bottom pool has the mermaid deck thing in the poolPros:- the waitresses is super friendly- Drinks are really good (pitchers)- pool is salted, not chlorinated- people there are good looking- great music, nice and loud which makes the pool way better in my opinion- they let you bring in cameras which is nice- probably more that i am forgetting since we had a lot to drink hahahcons:- can't take any drinks inside, so you have to buy their drinks.  kinda lame when the $22 frozen drink from the regular MGM pool is like $75 in there, but it is a club, so what do you expect?- a couple security guards inside were kind of dicks (my friend and i were trying to get out to get back to our room in the signature to get some more money since we were treating his GF for her birthday and they weren't clear on the exit so we ended up going out the wrong exit and then they gave us a ton of shit and then said "we were watching you the whole time wondering what you were doing."  well then why the hell didn't you guys come help us?)  and then they asked my friend's GF to leave because she was "too intoxicated for everyone's safety" which was BS.  she was pretty drunk, but they only reason they gave her crap is cause she got out of the pool and went to take a nap on the daybed (they didnt' say anything to/about my friend who was so drunk that he was passed out in the pool with his head on the concrete)- all the extra tip/gratuity stuff is kinda BS, but its vegas- a little annoying that you have to be patted down and searched everytime you come back in from outsideoverall, i would definitely go back as i had a great time.  a big word of advice, go with pitchers instead of getting bottles.  they are much cheaper, really damn strong, and taste really good.  our fifth of kettle one, 6 redbulls, and 3 mixers was $622ish, the huge pitcher (like 8ish cups worth) of what we got was $135ish after all their fees, and honestly did a much better job getting us drunk.  so go with pitchers.  we got the "wet splash" i believe, and it was amazingly good
4	"I would never get in this STD infested pool.  Ever."  This is what I updated my Facebook status to when I arrived at this pool during '11 Labor Day Weekend.  Bodies EVERYWHERE.  Maybe it was because it was LDW or maybe it was just because it was Saturday, but bodies EVERYWHERE.  After trying to find 3 lounge chairs next to each other, me and 2 of my girlfriends were successful, and right by the DJ Booth mind you.  I had been drinking for quite some time in our suite before then, but we still brought liquor w/ us to the pool so we wouldn't have to pay.  I'm actually surprised they let us in w/ liquor.  But anyway, maybe it was the sun, the liquor, the great music, the happy-go-lucky people, but I had a FREAKING BLAST!  I was dancing in my chair, drinking my liquor, getting sunburned, having people come up to me, chatting, laughing, it was so much fun.  I swear, everyone just seemed really nice and happy.  Again, LDW or just a random Saturday to blame?  Who cares!  Now, because it IS Vegas and there were SO many people there, I assumed that the pool would have nasty staph infections and sh!t just waiting to attack me.  Needless to say, the temperature was over 100 degrees and my girls persuaded me to go in the pool.  To my surprise, and even w/ all of the bodies in there, the water was really, really cold.  I yelped (no pun intended) when I first descended, and then just started dancing in my drunken stupor.  So, I am a hypocrite, because I did get into the STD infested pool.  But I'm cool.  No sores, legions, warts, nothing.  The DJ was spinnin' great music and we left only because some wanna be Pauly D (hey - I like the actual Pauly D, so shut up) douche was harassing us.  But to be quite honest, I didn't care.  I was having such a fantastic time.  Wet Republic, you proved yourself to me.  I can't wait to see you again!
5	This place should really be called HEAVEN!!!!!   I came here on Saturday of Labor Day weekend and the place was off the hook.If you like good music, your fit, like hot chicks, love water, and meeting new peeps, then this place is for you!!!!!!  Now FULL DISCLAIMER:  You need to be REALLY fit, I'm talking 5% bodyfat (if your a dude) and decent size guns.  This place draws out the best of the best..  It felt like a bodybuilding competition, lol..  Good thing I trained hardcore all year and lean down for it.  In terms of cost, it was crazy ass expensive, unless you like to spend $100 and wait 3 hours in line (normal weekends is $30-$50).  I figured Tiesto's playing and the scenry was good, so I'll go for it.  Now, the drinks were a little on the high side, at $60 per bucket of beer (5 bottles per bucket), but that added up super fast with the shots and long islands.  Lets just say, it was time to pass out when we got done here!  Word of advice: MAKE SURE to get there by 9:00am, otherwise, your waiting forever.  Keep in mind you have the option to use the express line, but that'll be $200!  As if, lol...  Best approach imo is to buy your tickets in advance.  It'll save you 2 hours. .. If your really smart and have some $$$ to blow, get a good size group of buddies together and rent a day bed, your game will increase 20 fold.  Now in terms of how WR stacks up against the competition, hands down this is the best Saturday pool party, as long as your looking to REALLY PARTY and let loose.  This place is not for the reserved or chubbies, you'll feel out of place.  I would say Ditch Friday's is actually 3 notches lower than WR.  Next on the hit list, REHAB!!!
2	Meh. I've experienced better for sure than Wet Republic.Granted, we did come early about 11am because the first # of girls get in free but damn, it wasn't poppin and even the music wasn't poppin.We really couldn't do much except sit by the pool on their towels and put our feet in the water. No one was in the pool and we're all waiting for someone to get the party started.The weather that day was bad since it was a predicted thunderstorm and the dayclub security told us to take our feet out of the water for 30 minutes because of the lightning that struck in the pool next door as well as being picky about moving our towels to make space for a walkway :(It was getting irritating how strict it was here and there wasn't even a crazy party going on.I wouldn't come here again, unless it was 2pm and we had a speedy entrance. AND free dranks.
5	If you want to party at a Pool Party in Vegas, this would be the place.  I've been to Tao Beach and Aria Liquid, and while Tao is bumpin it is smaller pools so you don't have that massive pool effect and I felt like there were just a lot of hairy people and coming out of the pool I had random people's hair on me; and Liquid at Aria is more chill, though it still get crowded in the pool, but better for lounging with friends.The cover is $100 (for guys at least).  Or you can do bottle service at a Cabana and reserve beforehand (in which case you don't have to wait in line). That's what I'd recommend.  It is $$$, so you figure it out.They had a cool DJ Avici who apparently is a big deal that day.  He was good and looked like Leonard Di Caprio. Do NOT try to bring contraband in here.  I'm talking so much as a bandaid - they will throw it all away. (service is great as the guy gave me a bandaid right when we got inside).  And don't think you're gonna hide your couple pieces of chewing gum underneath your shoe sole - it won't work.  Trust me.  One of us tried.  Fail.  They will then question you for 20 minutes, and not believe it is chewing gum but instead some sick hallucinogen, even though it was truly chewing gum (no joke).The food was pretty decent.  The chicken fingers, the tacos, the fruit - were all solid. It's nice to have an actual cabana to relax and get out of the sun and sit when you need. We got there around 11am, and then it lasted until 6pm, if not later. Bathrooms - there's a decent wait for the single bathrooms, maybe 5 to 20 minutes when crowded.  Or for guys the bullpen bathrooms are usually moving fast.  Ladies, ur outta luck - wait either bathroom you go to.  And don't pee in the pool people - that's gross.  :) Service here it top notch, from the kid that walks you in, to the waiter, to everyone else.  We didn't have a problem with theft, but we also had a big group to look after random strangers in our stuff.Also, you can get a massage at your cabana if you want. Random masseuse walking around somewhere or you can have waiter flag em.Definitely recommend if you want the bumping pool party experience in Vegas.  (never been to Rehab, but I have been to Aria Liquid and Tao Beach).
5	Heaven in a pool!I was pretty skeptical at first at the whole "ultra pool" concept. But after I was there, I thought, whatta concept! I was there with my friend who is a local, so we didn't have to wait in line, thank God! because I heard it is always insane. Even though we knew people the rules are still rules, don't bring anything with you or it will get thrown out by Security, including my gum. But they seem to do a good job, keeping it all together, so props to them.The pool is amazing! Next time I go, I will have to get a cabana because they are situated right next to the pool where the action is. Even so, walking around as a regular person was fine. You just have to figure out what you're going to do with your purse. The area by the bar is so slippery, so tread carefully over to get your expensive drinks. (PS you might want to preparty to cut costs) The bartenders are fast and good at what they do, so that's a definite plus.The music is perfect for a splashy good time in the pool. Everyone seemed into having fun and not creating drama which created a happy utopia-like party. Tips: get your body right before you come here! and you might want to get dropped off around the back, so you are right at the entrance to WR.
3	this place is all about cost vs benefit.  and what i mean by that is, unless you know someone, probably even if you do, you're gonna wait in line.  so is the amount of time in line worth your experience inside?drinks are expensive and expect AT LEAST a 15 min wait at the bar JUST TO ORDER.  if you don't have a cabana, good luck getting a place to chill and enjoy those drinks you just spent half your life waiting for.  on the upside, it's pretty huge, the music is good, and who doesn't love drinking and swimming at the same time?just don't swallow any of that STD-filled pool water.
4	I loOoOooove Wet Republic!Not sure how much it cost to get in this place because we were free but whatever it is, PAY IT! You will not regret it. Wet Republic always has cool celebrities and the music is great!!!They have nets in the side pool for some water sports and the drinks are great. Watermelon mojitos are my fave here. The pools are kind of on the small side and can get a little crowded but whooo cares, the more the merrier!
4	Came here with my entourage to celebrate my bachelor party. This was the first of the "high profile" adult pool parties I have been to. The others being Tao Beach, Beach Club, and Rehab. We purchased a table for $1000 food and beverage minimum...which actually goes a lot farther than you might think. We were able to get a bottle of Goose, buckets of beer, and food. Not a bad value I think considering this is Vegas. Much better of a value than what you can find in the nightclubs in my opinion. This pool party is often hosted or has apperances by celebrities, which makes it kind of the place to be seen and the people that come here are beautiful. Apparently, Snooki from the Jersey Shore was here the same day we were here but I could care less. We got here super early around 10:30ish or 11 and the pool was already packed by noon. DJ was spinning the usual top 40 hit mashups but it was a good mix that kept the crowd going. I definitely had a blast and will return in the future!
3	Came here over a weekend with a couple guys to celebrate a bachelor party.  Luckily, one of the guys had a connection to the pool.  Otherwise, getting chairs or a cabana is impossible.  I will say my experience was so-so.  I'd say that overall its probably not as good as all the hype.  The best looking people were the wait staff. That should say it all. Plus it was super pricey. Likes thousands of dollars pricey.  Go at your own risk.
3	Spend $150 and get a lounge area. of course $150 turns into much more, that's what they want.A pitcher of bloody marys with barely any vodka wasn't worth $95. I always thought pitchers were better bang for your buck.the pool was fun and i LOVE house music!!!! DANCE PARTYYYYYget the beer bucket (8) to get your money's worth.
2	was it because there was a thunderstorm the day we went? regardless, we were told to stay out of the pool (at a POOL PARTY?)also.... guido-centraland we were being tailgated by some Chicago-native that just won't leave my friend alone!alls i gots to say.... marquee day club was a much bigger hit in my book, even WITH the hail! (the open bar didn't hurt either)
5	I think doing a bachelorette party in vegas is a must, not a bachelor party though, guys dont deserve it. We were just minding our own business looking for a place to eat at the Mirage when some lady approached us. She gave all of us passes to wet republic and told us she will reserve us a lilly pad if we come with 10 or more girls. We were exactly 10 girls and we immediately loved the idea. We inquired about bottle prices and they were outrageous, so we just settled for the lilly pad. The next day we went down to the MGM and had a blast. Random guys took care of drinks for us, and we had a pretty big pregaming supply in our rooms so we were set drink wise. The music was off the hook, and the drinks were as stiff as a metal rod. Thanks random club promoter!
4	YAYYY I *heart* Wet Republic! It's a biznatch to have to walk through the entire MGM to get here, but sooo worth it. Both times I've been here, I never had to pay cover. Come with girls, your bikini, and get yo' drank on! FYI, they make you empty out EVERYTHING in your purse that COULD be potentially harmful, i.e., hand sanitizer, tums, etc; so just be wary of that. Once you're in, doesn't matter if you get a daybed because most people are just frolicking in the water anyhow. Drinks are standard priced, around $140 for 8 mixed cocktails. The last time I was there, the weather was partly cloudy, high of 70, and it was around 4pm on a Friday.  WR closes at 6pm so there were a ton of empty daybeds that my girls and I used for freeeee =) The London boys next to us offered us some of their fried chicken nuggets/fries and the LA boys behind us offered us some of their booze - so all bases were covered.ALSOOOOOO saw some nip slip action going on in the pool - but nothing we're not used to, amiright? ;) The only downside of the day was when the bouncer didn't believe one of my girls was using her real ID. She took out her CC, showed her FB, and he still didn't believe her but eventually let her in. TRIPPPPPPPINNNNN'!
4	This place is insane.  First off, the cover is a lot to get in there at $30 for girls and $50 for guys after waiting in line.Drinks are way over priced too, $8.75 for a beer, $15 for a cocktail.With that said, the vibe, music, and atmosphere here is a great time.  Ran into some people that were in town for an Awards Show and had a blast.  Overall this place is fun, but dont go there if you're looking for something cheap to do.
4	Got to this pool an hour before it was about to close and these girls passed by us and told us "just say Cabana 9" and we just rolled in for free....YES! This may not work for you, but making friends wherever you go will always make your life better :)This pool area is huge. First off, they have a LAZY RIVER...not to mention four or five other major pools and a hot tub. They play music and serve jello shots, drinks, food, etc. My favorite thing to do is Vegas is Day Parties so I would definitely hit this place up early if you want to have an amazing time. I will say that there is a LONG walk through MGM to get to the pool area, but it's definitely worth it!
1	Welcome to Jersey Shore: Las Vegas.  Warning, some may not like my review, but this is how I see it.This is a total gong show.  $10,000 for a cabana on Memorial Day, uh no thanks.  We prepaid online ($25 for girls $40 for guys) and got in the hour line to enter this over juiced pectoral showoff party.If you don't already know, Wet Republic is for people from OC to come show off their bodies and pay $12 per bud light for the chance to become a sugar daddy.  The water is nice and warm and full of used band aides and empty beer bottles floating around.  There is no space to store anything because chairs and cabanas are reserved for those wasting more money than I have in my checking account.  The music is decent and the surrounding view of strip hotels is somewhat impressive.  But, I guess I am just a hater who was sad his friends didn't buy him over priced drinks.  This was a silly party and I will not need to return.  We left after an hour and went to our pool at MGM Signature, which had FREE lounge chairs and $4 beers, I also regained my title of Largest biceps at MGM Signature.My Favourite part of the Ultra Pool was when they stopped the party and music to introduce "Salvador The King of Miami" and his entourage.  Bouncer told me he paid 100k for that privilege. (I hope this is not true.) True or not, his entry was not to be missed.  Bonus: If you are lucky you can get some free drinks froma guy spraying a $500 bottle of champagne all over his buddyMy vote= SKIP THIS and soak in the sun at your own hotel's pool.  If you need loud music bring your ipod and portable speaker.
3	A beach club is where you go to be seen. It's the only time where you will probably go into a pool and avoid dunking your head in the water. Girls will probably have full-on makeup and jewelry on because you go to these things to wade in the water and drink, NOT to swim. You swim and people might look at your funny. hahaWARNING: Don't bring OTC medicine, gum, and antibacterial there. They search your bag and take all that stuff away. I was mad. They threw away my new pack of gum. Didn't even open it yet. :(This place is pretty small to me. They have two pools and people congregate around the bigger one. The music is good, mainly like trance and house music. We got a free daybed and two pitchers of drinks. That was awesome! We got Sangria and Pink Lemonade. Both were yummy. The only thing was that the waitress was a total b*tch. She messed up on the order and we told her about it, but since we already drank some, she couldn't take it back. Come on! How would we have know if we hadn't tasted it? Oh well, it's not like we had to pay for it. You have to pay automatic tip for everything so she didn't necessarily have to care about taking care of us. Plus we were girls and guys give better tips usually. The food was tasty. The veggie platter was expensive, but was perfect for eight girls. Split among all of us, it came out to less than ten bucks each, and we still had some left over. This club is pretty old. There are new ones out there like Encore or Marquee. I would say go there if you want to experience something better.Make sure you take a really thorough shower afterwards because you can only imagine how dirty the water is.
4	TONS of fun!! I saw Laidback Luke here over Memorial Day Weekend.  The place was packed. I spent most of the time in the pool since it was super hot out that day.  I can't comment on the bar service because my friends were the ones that went up for drinks, but they seemed to get back relatively quickly for the place being as busy as it was. The only downside was the bathroom.  They had 2 stalls on either side of the pool and if you had a cabana you got to go to the front of the line.  You can imagine how annoying that gets when you're at the front of the line for over 30 minutes because guys & girls that had cabanas keep walking over.  The guys standing by the restrooms were nice, but that's still annoying.Heads up: they check EVERYTHING when you walk through the door. They were tearing apart wallets & sunglass cases. You can't bring in anything with you, they'll throw it out.
3	There was a crazy line to get in during EDC weekend. Nathan Scott was spinning when we got there and we were waiting for Bob Sinclair, but he took forever to go on stage. They kept announcing "Bob Sinclair in one hour!" and we were there for 3 hours and still didn't see him. They have an extensive search at the entrance. They threw everything away, except your credit card and money. I have no idea why such a crazy filter of items... The pool was disgusting haha It was brown water, but as expected with about 1000 people in there. Relatively fast line to get drinks!
5	EDC weekend will cost. BUt its worth it. Don't get there too late because you still want to get a chance to nap back in the room and save up your energy to party more at night! :)Gross salty pool. Careful! Be where the stage is, its awesome.
4	First time at a Vegas pool party and WOW pretty much sums it up! Very attractive staff, prices are quite steep but it is certainly an experience to remember if you don't drink so much that you forget! The sun is brutal! Lotion up and enjoy the views!
5	Other than the airport and the hotel, my first stop during my last trip to Vegas just happened to be my first dayclub experience... and boy, will this get me spoiled!Wet Republic is awesome.The mist-machined roofs make the place more bearable, and everybody here is pretty cool and chill to talk to.  My friends and I decided to go VIP and order a deluxe cabana, and there was more than enough room for us to chill.  A long couch, three pool beds, a flatscreen TV to watch the game on, and a super hot hostess.  And when I say super hot... I'm saying 10.  Like she was so damn attractive that the single guys in our party had to pretend to look at their phones while wearing sunglasses to catch a glimpse at our server.Aside from the attractive people (I mean most of the girls I saw at Wet Republic were at least 7s), there's also some good sustenance served here.  We ordered a bucket of fries and chicken tenders as well as tacos.  They were all terrific.  I also ordered a shrimp cocktail which was exquisite... except the only had five in there.  Well, at least they were huge.  And to wash that all down, aside from the complimentary Fiji water and some Coronas, we had their signature Dragonberry Mojitos, which were EXCELLENT.The dragonberry mojito is probably now my most favorite alcoholic beverage.As for the people, I was a little scared of that because I don't know how to swim, but the good thing is if you're swimming here, you'll look like an idiot.  The smell of chlorine is strong, but the ultra pool is normally so crackin that once you get out, you'll taste salt.  In other words, it's probably the dirtiest pool in the world.  I mean think about it... all the hot bodies, sweat... spilled alcohol.  Oh yeah, you the servers will actually go out to the pool and serve you your drinks if you're not in your cabana or bungalow.The only thing I'd do differently is I'd probably try to get a bungalow next time (though the deluxe cabana is awesome) and I'd pack flipflops.  At 100+ degree heat, the ground gets pretty hot.  My feet were extremely tender lately that evening because I might've suffered minor burns.All in all it was a great time, and I definitely would come back.  Man, those were some good mojitos and man was that server a fine, fine woman.
5	i had a GREAT time here. the pool party concept is impressive. i can see how they get the draw they do and the turnout that comes. this particular day SkyBlu, formerly of LMFAO was the headlining DJ. before him was Tony Arziband (sp?). that Tony dude was actually there longer, but, being from LMFAO, they gave SkyBlu the headline. our group booked a daybed because we didn't want our stuff to get wet or stepped on and we just wanted to be cool :). the staff helping us out could not have been any more AWESOME! Chris welcomed us in first. we set up our daybed through him. he walked us in and got us situated. he handed us off to Jenn and Josh who would be the cream of the crop of "hosts". they really know how to treat their customers. Jenn, who is very easy on the eyes btw, was all smiles and bubbly with energy. always checking up on us, making sure that we were having a great time. i don't recall ever thinking "where's our waitress at?". and Josh, man that dude was all over the place. if there were more than 4 ice cubes melted in our bucket, he'd replenish the whole thing. if we used a napkin he would pick it up, dump it and restack. that dude was a machine. and if ever Jenn or Josh weren't around, the other hosts were more than happy to oblige our requests. i know money is a driving force, but, excellent customer service is not always the result. some people just have it in them.  and these 2 were on top of their game. the crowd at the party was easy going and fun. yes, the douche factor here is greater than perhaps the "free" pools. but, when you're dropping benjamins the way you have to when you're here, you have a different mind set. i had to join in on the doucheyness myself! yes, a lot of people here work out all year, don't eat for days and tan hardcore before coming out. while there are definitely average joes here, like myself, be ready to see Tiggo Bitties on hard bodies, muscles on top of muscles and overall smokin hot physiques. the meat factor is imaginary. these people do not walk around in the real world. but, you will see the unicorn here at Wet. while the party itself is not something i would do again any time soon, unless i won the lottery, i'm glad we did it. the cost does not exactly equal the return, but, it usually never does when you're paying for entertainment. which is what this pool party is. 4 stars for the party... 5 STARS for Jenn and Josh and the staff at Wet Republic!
3	Went on the Friday of EDC weekend, Maxim had the Hot 100 contest going on.  The place is set up pretty well with a shallow main pool in the middle and a large side pool.  Cabanas lined the sides with beach chairs covering up the rest of the real estate.  I remember one large bar in the back.  The waitress staff was gorgeous (looking better than most of the top 100).  I don't know if it was just because it was a Friday, but seemed pretty tame.  Lines weren't long, and pools weren't too crowded (although you should still be weary of STD water!)  It was a hot day, so no avoiding jumping into the pool.  I kinda liked the more layed back feel.  However, there were a lot of dudes...Hint:  I would avoid bringing drink cups into the pool...it may look cool and all, but do you really want STD water in your drink?  I doubt it...
4	Wet won me over this last time I visited (I'd been there once before and I have much cooler things to talk about now!!)We went to support our friend who was competing in the Hot 100, which was on a Friday.  We got there around 1pm and were able to walk right in...(no cover).  After a thorough inspection at the front gate (guys, they'll pat you down; ladies, your bags will be closely inspected), we were in!  It was already starting to get busy and it being such a hot day, everyone was in the pool.  The venue isn't as big as EBC, but I'd still consider it a decent size.  The set up is pretty well laid out with the large pool in front of the dj booth and the smaller (but still good size) pool on the upper terrace right below the ridiculously expensive VIP cabanas :)We were hanging out in the terrace pool since that's where the competition runway was.  The crowd was a great mix of fun-loving people and I spent some quality time chatting with random strangers and dodging large beach balls coming at me from every angle (it was great!).The best part came when my hubby got so hot that he decided to chat with a friendly host and scored us a table in the shade right in front of the bar.  Thanks hubby...and friendly host!  There's nothing like scorching triple digit weather to spur you into hunting for an escape!So, for the rest of our time there, we chilled in the magnificent shade on comfy couches sipping sangria.  ***sidenote*** THE SANGRIA IS HEAVENLY!!!Bullet points:- eventhough it was busy, bar service was quick.- clean bathrooms.- mix of music genres...they played a lot of hip-hop at the beginning and switched to dance toward the end.- they were hosting an evening banquet, so they closed at 5pm which seemed REALLY early.- the water didn't seem too much like a petri dish.- valet park your car!!!  It beats walking through the MGM! (it's a little turn-in off Harmon).Oh and...our friend WON 1st place in round 8!!  Yay!
2	I had an OK time at Wet Republic. I was more annoyed than anything. I was not allowed to bring in my hand sanitizer and had it confiscated at the front. It was freaking HAND SANITIZER. I though ok whatever, rules are rules, but they have no available lockers to put your stuff while in the pool unless you have hawk eyes or stick close to your belongings.The music started off ok, but it got EXTREMELY repetitive. My friends and I had to leave after hearing "Wild One" for the 5th time in the mere hours we were there. After leaving the actual pool music was much better, I kind of wish we just stayed at the actual pool, which was by far cleaner than the one at Wet Republic. The drinks are EXTREMELY expensive, but its Vegas so I guess that is expected. I will pass on my next invitation to Wet Republic.
4	Wet Republic was my first pool party & loved it!!The music was great even though there was no DJ headlining. Wet has massive & multiple pools. It was scorching hot when I went & the cement was burning, so I would advise to get a Cabana. It is pricey, but it's normal in Las Vegas. There was also drink specials which is great!Buzzed and dancing in the pool w/ friends; awesome experience!
4	I loved it here. We were here Saturday July 21st and BOB SINCLAIR was DJing-hello  what is not to like? The music was great, the atmosphere was HOT-literally! And the general attitude was laid back not too much cattiness at all. My two suggestions to make this place a 5:- get lockers for us to use-hello you can charge 10 bucks and I would so pay for a safe place to keep my stuff-have more water fountains available- my friend passed out upon entering(not drinking beforehand) and there were several dehydration cases! If you had more water available, it would save you the headacheI would go back !
5	This is definitely one of greatest hot spots to be chilling at near the pool.  There's always a great DJ providing the tunes, hot drink girls and amazing bartenders.There is strict security which is awesome and sucks at the same time.  Rules of the pool include: No bringing in liquids of any kind including hand sanitizer, water or anything that may look like alcohol, no gum, no mints, no medicine (pills of any kind), no food and certainly no weapons, nail clippers or anything of that nature.  At least you know you will be safe.  You are also only allowed into the pool area with pool attire.  Why you would show up in anything else is beyond me.Make sure to hit up the best bartender at Wet Republic - Joe Meyer and tell him to surprise you with a cocktail and you will not be disappointed.
3	We came here on Saturday, and good God it was packed. SO many people. Security is very strict, and they comb through your bags. You don't go to these pools to swim, but to stand around, drink, flirt, and splash your unsuspecting neighbors. Don't drink the water for sure! (People liked to let their empty cups and beer bottles float.) When we were here, thug life seemed to be heavily represented (back tattoos and enormous shades for the guys, skimpy jeweled bikinis and heavy eyeliner for the ladies). At one point some dude in one of the poolside VIP areas threw dollar bills into the water... um, what?Drinks are also Vegas-priced. ($8 for a beer. Just saying.) Don't get me wrong, it was fun. The music was heavy on the hip-hop (lots of fist-pumping and booty-popping to be had), and there's nothing quite like drinking a cold beer with your friends at the pool. But there's no place to leave footwear; everyone piled their sandals near the stairs. We left after a couple of hours because it was just too crowded, but hey, we got our tan on, so it was all good.
4	When I first found out that we were going to a day time "club" at the pool I couldn't help but think this isn't for me.  I'm more of a lounging around the pool type of gal and working on my tan.  But we had 2 girls in the group that swore up and down that we would have a good time.   Since we had a large group we all pitched in and got a bed so we could have a central area to hang out in and leave our stuff.  We had some awesome people around us on the other beds so that was fun to be able to meet people.  Yes, we were 12 ladies hanging on a bed.. not surprising we got the attention of the guys around us :)Here are some pointers....As you have read, security is strict! Don't bring anything that you don't really need. They took my friends advil and eye drops.  They look through everything.Drinks are insanely priced but it's Vegas and if you want to play you have to play by their rules.  Cheapest thing on the menu is $8 beerThere is no place for you to put your flip flops while you are in the pool, but the decking is insanely hot so you need your shoes.  I ended up just wearing my flip flops in the poolKeep an eye out for all of the big ass blow up balls flying around.  Not cool when one hits you from behind and you get the pool water in your drink.  The water gets naaaaasty! It was clear when we first got there but by the time we left it was super cloudy. Gross. I don't even want to think about what was in there.I felt like I was in an episode of Jersey Shore a few times with the amount of fake tanning, fake boobies, full make up, teased hair,,, but hey... it made for great people watching!At the end of the day, I have to say we had a great time!  Had it just been my husband and I at the pool I think it would have been less fun, but in a big group it was totally worth it!
5	Some of the words I can use to describe this place crazy amazing awesome incredible fun fun fun! Great music and gorgeous people in bathing suits jumping around. The drinks are expensive but so was eeeverything in Vegas so I guess I can't complain. They need to invest in lockers though I hated the fact I had to hover over my belongings. They give you towels so no need to bring your own. I "accidently" took mine home with me. This was one of the best pool parties I went to in Vegas hands down.
5	A year after my initial review, Wet Republic is now a regular spot, and a confirmed "good move" on any Vegas weekend.  Everything from my first review still applies - great party with the food, drink, clientele and staff to make it a great party.  Now, I can vouch for Wet Republic's consistency - this place has been great twice.  The only downside was getting swarmed when Jennifer Lopez showed up in the cabanas behind where we were sitting and getting swarmed by wannabees and lookie loos.But even Jennifer Lopez's appearance couldn't ruin this party (unlike how her acting ruined a few films in the 1990s.)   Her pre-announced appearance probably drew the hot crowd that was there that day, and people were having a great time.  As always, you'll meet a few new friends here - I hung out with people from three continents, so it's a good way to start the day. One more thing - with this (and all day pool parties) go early, and leave time for a nap later. That sun will drain you - there's not a lot of shade out there, and you don't want to be too drained for all of the Las Vegas nightlife.
3	Gets too damn crowded, im pretty sure hepatitis is in that poolHowever, before the pool there are others. Looks great!  I dont think i would go back, it was not badAlot of tities
4	I'm not sure who invented silcone, but God bless his kind soul.I highly suggest renting a cabana especially the ones at the top at the end. Those have 3 smaller pools for use by those cabanas only which overlook the main pools. SO-MUCH-FUN. The cabana waitresses/attendants all had bodies of straight up porn stars. Such slam pieces. So much silicone. FUCKING LOVED IT! I just wanted to drown a bitch and use her boobs as floaties.Don't get me wrong. I had a straight up blast there, but I would probably have had a bigger boner if  they switched up the music a little bit. I can only handle so much techno/euro trash/broken speaker music/whatever-you-want-to-call-this-genre-that-is-ruining-music. Also, it'd be nice if the bathroom doors at the top cabanas worked because some chick walked in on me droppin' a fat dime. I mean, I didn't give a shit (pun intended), but she might have been a little mad that she had to take in a full whiff of my Asian swag. But whatever... WHOEVER SMELT IT DEALT IT!P.S. If it smells like chicken chow mein in the pool that's because I pissed in it.
5	Wet Republic probably took me to a new plane of partying this past weekend. My boys and I hit twice while we were in Vegas for a bachelor. If your Spring for the Party Cabana it is definitely worth the extra money. There will be no shortage of talent looking to scope you out.The staff is super-friendly and attentive. When you're booking talk to Forrest. When you arrive ask for Yanette or Jessica. Don't worry about the large minimums for the cabanas, your dollar goes a long way. There is a great food menu to order from as well as tons of pitchers of drinks and buckets of beers you can order too. It made it really easy to host guests you might meet in the pool.Now what you've heard is true it is covered with half-naked 20-30 somethings, but the vibe is right. I was surprised by how deuche-free the environment was, maybe a cabana has something to do with it. I'm not a big electro/house fan, but I am now. I found myself fist pumping and splashing water (literally, you'll see when you get there) to house beats. I had the time of my life both days.The women were looking great. Fellas you def want to come in shape. It will set you apart from the rest of the crowd and the ladies will notice. We met some really great girls both days, who we ended up partying with both nights. That's what Vegas is about meet during the day, party at night.If you're looking for celebrity appearances it has that too, Prince Harry and J Lo were both there on Saturday, but you'll be having too much fun to care. I couldn't imagine a Vegas trip without it. Wet Republic is easily the best pool party on a Saturday.The next weekend, I sent one of my girls who is in town for a bachelorette party there, she text me telling me how great of a time she was having!Don't miss it.
5	Mother. Of. God.I heart you Wet Republic.  Not for your strong drinks?  Not for the excellent set up?  Nope, for the plethora of eye candy that caused my neck permanent damage this past Friday.  I mean, seriously.  I like to think that Atlanta has beautiful ladies everywhere.  Wet Republic takes the best of the best from across the U.S., fills them full of alcohol and then encourages debauchery.  You have my gratitude.  So, we're there for a Bachelor party.  One of those Bachelor Party's that each guy has disposable income, but still saved for for months because we wanted to act like we were the white people's version of 50 Cent and his Entourage.  And that's exactly how that shit went down.  We got the Bungalow on the far left for all day on Friday.  From 11am until they were literally kicking us out, we rocked that crap as hard as we could.  We had two alternating waitresses.  One was named Claudia.  Claudia, have my babies.  The other was named something...  I was drunk when she started helping out.  Something, have my babies.  I mean, there are Sports Illustrated swimsuit models that look like pot-bellied pigs against this ladies.  Must be a 34 C/D requirements, personal trainer work out status, and booties that can safely rest my Vodka Soda on them to obtain employment there.  For this, Wet Republic, I give you eleventy billion rupies.  The service was off the charts good.  It was literally an amazing experience.  Our tab looked like a Trans-Pacific First Class Ticket Charge on Singapore Airlines for two it had so many zeros.  Still, I will do it again within the next year.  Get a big group of friends together.  Party your asses off til your eyes bleed and liver drops out of your body.Profit.  That is all.
3	This pool is OK.  I think overrated.It does have a nice shaded area with friendly bartenders.  The servers are hot but stuck up--refusing to take pics.For a better pool party experience, plan on Marquee Day Club.
3	Pool parties in Vegas are a must!!  This one is small but fun.  I have a bunch of pictures on my blog from when I went if you want to see what it is like.
5	=== Sunday, 9-23-2012 ===This is my second time here with VIP access, but the second time around was way better!!! First time in 2011 with a large bachelor party (dudes) and it cost us time & lots of money. Second time: We brought the sexiness (ladies) with us! And had a great time!!!Like most day &/or night clubs, your Guys to Gals ratio has to tilt more towards the Gals than the Guys. Seems simple enough and almost understandable...but not really fair to most. I've experienced it from both sides.===============================================================So this review is from the second and most recent visit just this past weekend. Here are a few tips to enjoy the Wet Republic Pool Party. *Because of  The I Heart Radio Music Festival weekend: everything in Vegas was busy slammed and over priced. -  Make sure you to get on their guest list via website or your hotel concierge. I did both, and either way a  Wet Republic Ultra Pool "Host" will contact you by text or call. They suggested that we list by gals names first, then guys. - We truly got hooked up because we were guests of the MGM Signature. No waiting in any lines & Zero cover this time. But I think it's normally $40 for guys.- Go as early as possible. Gates open by 11am. Beat out the hung over crowds and get a spot.- If you opt for the daybeds and cabanas, they range from $750- $4000 with food & drink minimums and gratuities for you server. - Danny Avila a top young DJ was their headliner. He came up at 3pm. But DJ Gusto rocked the house before the big crowds filed in. - They also have a huge screen to watch the NFL game...while swimming! - Bring your camera. Lots of eye candy from the hot waitresses to all the hunnies walking, sunbathing, and swimming !!! ;-) - Make friends all around you. You might need them if any thing crazy goes down. We'll definitely be back next season and I'll have to remember to do extra push ups....
5	aaah Wet Republic... I love you!One of the BEST Pool parties I've been to... MGM, Stand in line, Of course had our name on the guest list.. you get ID's twice here, everything gets checked.. Can't take anything in there with you. Maybe a tiny little bag if you have it. The crowed is fantastic, young, beautiful, hot, sexy (at least the guys are.. I don't really check out girls, but their bikinis were cute)..Couple of pools, not deep.. so dont go diving in there... Drinks were good, but the bartender was kinda rude! oh well.. Got my drink and got over it!Food was ok... Not the best, then again your by a pool so who cares... Music is great... we had a great DJ that day... beach balls flying everywhere, random people doing random things and randomly talking to you! Overall it was a fantastic environment, can't wait to be back...
5	Everyone should check this place out. Do the lazy river, grab a cold beverage, and just hang out by the pool.
1	Wet Republic is douche central.The lines are the long, the place is packed, and I am pretty sure you will catch a disease if you get close enough to the pool.The music here is amazing!! The talent they bring is amazing, but I will never set foot in this sess pool again.Luckily, my friend and I didn't have to pay to get in. I don't think there are enough substances on Earth to make this place ever suitable for decent human beings.Fuck Wet Republic and it's CHODE PARADE of WANNABES.
5	It was 11am on some random day out of the 7 days I was in Vegas this past August and had alcohol for breakfast and ended up here at Wet Republic.We met a new promoter friend and got us through the line without a problem, only flaw was that it was really PACKED! So get here early! The music was great, the pool was awesome, everyone looked amazing. Had a crazy time here!I kept an open tab at the bar, terrible idea but whatever! It's vegas baby!Probably one of the first and best pool party experiences EVER. Will be returning to this venue during my next visit to Vegas.
4	I was in a bikini contest here and had a blast! The only thing I didn't like is I had to go through like three security checks when getting in... Kind of ridiculous.
4	i didn't attend any swanky party here...and i wasn't with my friends.  however i did get to spend a spectacular afternoon with my 6 year old girl ...kickin it poolside while the boys were off at a rodeo thing...there were like 4 different pools, one was adults only. lazy river was close =( pools were big, clean.  servers seemed to ignore me...so i never got to order a drink (oh well...saved me money and calories).i want to come back and spend more time here
3	If I were 20 years younger and single, i probably would have had a better time. But I loved the music and eye candy! Staff wasn't all that. International crowd, apparently the dollar is weak and they all come to Vegas.
3	First time here and it's f-ing awesome. Darren took care of my friends and me and made sure we were a-ok which shows excellent customer service . I highly recommend this venue if you want to have a good time and meet some cool people. I only gave this place three stars because of how much we paid for our drinks, which was $60 for 3 drinks after a $4.11 tip. Which is way over priced and you can't bring in outside drinks, which sucked because we bought a lot thinking we could bring it in. Every other daytime pool party we went to allowed us to bring our own drinks.
1	Welcome to the latest video game to hit the Vegas Strip: Indiana Jones and the Temple of Douche! The object of the game is to pound the precise amount of liquor needed to create a vomit-stream powerful enough to coat the plastic tits of a demented party whore in a pucker-butt monokini from 50 yards, without pissing on yourself or otherwise soiling your Hurley boardshorts. Are YOU up to the challenge?!Level I: Gain access to the inner sanctum by withstanding the searing desert sun for upwards of an hour, while standing shoulder to shoulder with idiots and assholes in a toxic cloud of self-tanner fumes and vodka breath, waiting in the endless line to get in. Survive the stench and the swamp-ass without passing out, and you've made it! Level II:Run a gauntlet of insufferably dickish door staff. Figure out which ass to kiss/dick to suck/palm to grease. Pick the wrong one, and you'll end up being trampled by a herd of sunburned Ivy League frat boys being ushered in by the REAL door boss. Beware!Level III:Surrender your booty to the most invasive security checkpoint this side of Gaza. These guards check every cargo pants pocket, every mint-tin, every crevice on your nervously sweating body. If you're trying to bring drugs, ChapStick or excess I.Q. points in here, better stash 'em waaaaaaay up your ass...otherwise they WILL find them!If you've made it this far, congrats! You're almost in; there's only one last boss to defeat: the cashier.Hopefully you've been collecting coins throughout the game, cuz you're gonna need them. $50 gets you thru the turnstile, and then it's $20 per drink thereafter. Don't believe what you read or what they tell you on the phone -- the price at the door is GUARANTEED to be higher than what you were quoted. You can argue with the cashier, like the poor sap in front of me did...but you'll just end up looking like a sad, angry chump, and you'll end up caving and forking over more cash anyway so as not to embarrass your girlfriend. Vegas nightlife/daylife lesson: YOU CAN'T WIN. The club staff is always right, no matter what kind of bullshit bait & switch tactics they use.The final challenges are elbowing your way through a pit of TapOut-wearing, tribal-tatted 'roid-ragers at the bar, then finding an inch of tepid piss-water to wallow in somewhere amidst the 5,000 fist-pumping guidos and drunkenly braying tramp-stamped college hags who pack the pool like beer-and-bronzer-coated sardines. Well, now you're in -- congratulations!! Better enjoy it while it lasts...because in a year or two, this game will end up in the 99cent clearance section at GameStop...right beside "ReHab: Kingdom of Fools" and "PURE: Megatwat's Folly."  GAME OVER
5	LOVE wet republic.  Great party scene here and the table service is great.  The food here is pretty good as well and they keep the right crowd there!  Make SURE you dress in proper attire or they WILL NOT let you in.  They are very strict about it and its a good thing.  Enjoy and don't forget sun screen!
5	Hands down the BEST of the party pools in Vegas. I came here a few times before I lived out here and now I live here it's still number 1 for me. Definitely one of the more wild pools in Vegas so make sure you're ready for it!
5	Had the best time ever. Came on 4/20 to see Hardwell. Best pool party I've been too yet. Great time!!!!
2	this place used to be great now, not so much.  I went this weekend to check out deadmau5 so the place was obviously crowded.  Customer service was absolutely terrible.  The bouncers do nothing but give you dirty looks, the lifeguards who are 90 pound girls in full make-up and jewelry are busy doing their nails and looking in their compacts.  God forbid someone actually needs to be rescued.  A bunch of whales were just throwing cups of water into the air the whole time they where in the pool.  They literally did that for about 2 hours without even being told to cool it.  its ok to get hyped up and do that sometimes but come on.  That stuff doesn't go down at encore beach. Then a douchebag regular pushes me and the lifeguard tells the police and security i pushed a host and i get kicked out.  When my girlfriend confronted the lifeguard she denied what she said but security still launched me.  luckily i was leaving anyway.  I give it two stars because the music is good and i've had fun in the past, but I won't be back ever again.  i'm coming back to las vegas to get cabana service 2 times this upcoming summer and I'll be going to encore beach club or marquee dayclub.  This place is played out.
3	Had a great time here but more because we wound up meeting some awesome people. A lot smaller than rehab so you're probably not going to find somewhere to sit unless you're shelling out some big bucks. They do have lockers but they're $40 to rent. Drinks were $35 and small Fiji waters are $10. They will give you a cup of ice for free but not a cup of water. Frozen drinks are really good but they make you super thirsty so I'd avoid them.Bring minimal stuff with you. They will empty out your entire purse/bag/pockets. Pretty much just bring money (a lot of it), and ID.I wouldn't be opposed to coming back but it wouldn't be first choice, I'd prefer rehab or encore and I would have to either get there super early to secure a spot before the rest of the peasants with no bottle service do or join the big boys and shell out for a bed or a cabana because standing/walking around and buying $10 waters all day is way too draining in the Vegas heat.
4	Fun fun fun!! I came here this past weekend for the first time to see Calvin Harris. He came on around 4 and went until 6ish I believe. BUT don't be fooled because that doesn't mean you can arrive in the late afternoon and get right in. We arrived at 12 and had to wait in the guest list line for 2 hours. It might be more worth it to purchase your ticket ahead of time (even if you're a girl) or just do general admission because those lines were much faster. But hey if you don't mind waiting then go for it! Once inside it was packed and good vibes all around. I really liked the fact that there were 2 pools. I hung out by the pool farther from the stage and luckily for me no one was splashing in that pool, haha! There are also tons of cabanas, tables, and lounges. The line for the bar took a good 10-15 minutes but it was worth it for the big drink in the plastic cup. Although it was expensive! But it meant I didn't have to go back and wait in that line again.  It gets very crowded so you will most likely meet some cool people but don't expect to have a place to sit, even at the edge of the pool.
3	Soooooooo during my last Vegas trip we decided to head over to this pool party since we already hit up Rehad & Tao Beach. When I first came to Vegas with my girlfriends we were totally intimidated by this pool party since all the girls that were standing in line looked like they were legit Barbie dolls so we didn't even try to get in.This time around we were ready :) we walked right in. No line :)They check your wristlets & they are really picky about what you bring in. I had a compact mirror in my wristlet & he told me to be careful with it. Like wth?In the garbage by the entrance I saw alot of suntan lotions that people had to throw away so word to the wise, don't bring suntan lotion here. I guess they make it so that you can buy some when you get in.The staff here from the security, host, dj, & lifeguards are ABSOLUTELY HOT! No joke. I think it's like a pre-req that you be at least a 15 on a scale of 1-10 of hotness. lol. I am not exagerrating at all.When we got in we were expecting a straight out RAGER pool party. No one was even dancing. Everyone just had their own little setup on the edges of the pools. It was rather a disappointment. I would pick Tao Beach over here if you want a good time. This was even more laid-back than the family pool at our hotel. It was weird.
4	How I love me a pool party in Sin City.  Of course, they're even more epic when DJ'd by Aoki and you get free admission for your group of eight girls.  Wet Republic is definitely one of the best things about the MGM, and you could find us there every day of our trip to Vegas.  We were super lucky for our trip in May, as Vegas was 70-80 degrees and actually manageable for a day in the sun.  Man, it's fun to check out everyone at the pool, get some sun, and spend way too much money on drinks ($35 for about a liter of alcoholic slush!).  Bartenders were nice, dancing was hot, and the crowd was great!  It was hilarious seeing all the men in the pool go crazy with the splashing when the music sped up.  Seems like enough alcohol brings out the kid in everyone...My only recommendation is to avoid the pool, if possible, as I'm pretty sure the reason it's temperature was higher than the air was not just due to the number of bodies in there... plus, we saw quite a few people getting kicked out for making out in there- with and sans bathing suits!  Eeek!  I don't know if they make enough chlorine for that...
1	Was there during the Memorial Day weekend '13. Had to wait for 2 hours to get in. I couldn't understand what took so long until I realized they have to search everybody (my friend was still able to sneak in a 1L alcohol pouch, so what's the point?). If you have anything like a phone or a wallet you want to keep safe the lockers are $40, felt a little steep. (it's only $10 at the encore pool). All that aside... my friend slipped coming out of the pool and busted his face open (yes, he was drunk, but who isn't?) I told the security guard and they took him away and didn't let me come with. I tried to explain that he's extremely drunk and I'll need to be around to take him back to the room afterwards. They said the would come get me afterwards (which was fine). 20 minutes later they came and said that I should get my stuff, because he left! They basically pushed him out to the street with a concussion and while being extremely drunk. It took us 45 minutes just to find him, because he couldn't even describe where he was, luckily he had his phone and enough sense to call us/answer calls.In the end they didn't even stitch him up. Horrible service.
2	I used to love this place. My problem with this place is some staff there didn't know what they were doing. One in particular but im not one to drop names. The rest of the staff there are excellent. Maybe today was just a bad day but because of service i received it made me do a review.
3	I think I was expecting a little more.The main reason we came to this day club was to see Tiesto during Memorial Day Weekend 2013.  Unfortunately, we found out that he wouldn't be coming on until 3pm, and we had planned to leave at 2pm at the latest (we had come in pretty early, at 10:30am on no breakfast).  Needless to say, I didn't make it to see Tiesto :(.  We bought presale tix too, which were $40 for girls.  We didn't buy it as soon as they were released though, so maybe they could have been cheaper?First off, location: The pool is located on the back side of the MGM Grand.  Therefore, if you're coming from the Strip side, you're gonna have to walk through the whole hotel and then some, just to get to the pool.  Keep in mind the shoes you will be wearing, ladies.  We just took a taxi from our hotel so it wasn't a problem finding the location.When you're leaving and wanting to take a taxi, keep in mind that taxis don't really wait around in the back there (for lack of frequent customers, I think).  The only way a cab will come in is if it's dropping someone else off.  And for some reason, there are several security/hotel workers in the general area, doing NOTHING, yet seemingly unable to help patrons form a taxi line.  My friend and I got a couple cabs stolen from other, rowdier, and more aggressive customers.  I wish I was more intimidating!  GRR.The pool itself was nothing great.  There were two pools: a larger one in front and a smaller one in back.  We came early enough to secure spots around the pool in the back, and somehow, as the day went on, the front pool got busier and busier, while the back pool remained a lot less cluttered.  Yay!Drinks are expensive!  I paid about $40 with tip for 32 oz of watermelon mojito (super good, but no mint leaves...hmmm).  I guess this is expected in Vegas though.  I wanted something to eat since I hadn't eaten breakfast, but some friends waited an hour for their order of chicken strips and fries, so I decided to just wait.Somehow, there are only TWO bathroom stalls (unisex) for the WHOLE POOL AREA.  What the........?  Make sure at the slightest hint you need to go to the bathroom, start standing in line THEN!Aside from all that, the pool party was pretty fun.  It's pretty awesome partying with everyone in bikinis and swimwear, and getting to drink by the pool with friends!  The water was also super warm, which I loved!!!  THANK YOU, LAS VEGAS HEAT!
3	dada life was dj-ing the party so that was really fun!if you don't mind murky water being stuffed in the pool like sardines... you'll love this place. the drinks are just as expensive as everywhere else... i paid $80 for 4 gin & tonics and a water. it closed around 6pm~
5	I like Wet right after Encore.We waited in the glist line forever.  I don't think it was even worth the list.  But it was too late by then.  One of our friends was feeling really sick.  She made it to the front of the line but ended up being wheels out in a wheelchair.  People thought it was heat stroke.  I thought she was hypoglycemic.  In the end, I was right!  I had a feeling because it's happened to me a few times and I know the symptoms.  People don't like to listen...Anyway, so finally when we made it in, we saw that the pool was murky.  EWWWW!  We decided to not go play in the water and just drink and dance.  The drinks were of course very expensive.  My friend and I planned on getting the large Strawberry slushy alcoholic drink ($30), but they ran out of the large cups.  The bartender was telling us if we had ordered those cups prior to bring them up for refills for the same price, or else you'd have to get the smaller cup.  So we opted for the smaller cup and added a shot of vodka in it, which came out to be around the same price or $2 more.  Not bad.  This drink was so good.  One drink was enough for us to have a good time on the floor.  We saw Dada Life perform.  They were great!  Loved all the music they played and their blowup banana.  There was even a lady dressed in a banana outfit having a good time.  Good times.
5	Amazingly Awesome. Was here last Monday and Derek the VIP host was as badass as can be. Catered to our every need with our cocktail waitress Taylor. Taylor is a baller. She got a little busy so she was bringing me 2 beers at once and putting one on ice for me. Smart girl, kept me happy, and for the company it kept me drinking. Thanks Wet Republic.
5	Not sure what changed....the last time I was here it was soooo TRASHY.This year Wet Republic is THE pool party hot spot. Smoking hot guys (and girls), great beats, and overpriced drinks = Vegas pool party to see and be SCENE! Pool is totally gross - don't go in past your feet because I think half of the pool is filled with various substances that come OUT of the human body. So stay towards the edges and wash your feet with clean water when you get out. Music was GREAT! Bingo Players were so fun! Great vibe. Line looked really long to get in so do what you can to get guest listed (or get here early).Another thing that is kind of nice about WR is that there are actually some places to sit down along the edge of the pool even if you don't get a table, which can't be said for other pool parties around town.Definitely best place in 2013 to drink yourself sloppy while rocking out to world class DJs and flirting with the scantily clad and sexy of the Las Vegas Strip.
5	Over all, so much fun!!! Dada life rocked it! We had a really good table, our host Forrest made sure we have everything we needed, including a super Hot server! Food was reaaalllly yummy! Which helped since we were drinking all day! The party was crazy but was good people watching.
5	What else to do in Vegas when it's 115 degrees?  Go to a day club.  Saw DaDa Life on 6/8 and it was fab!I believe that if you want to do Vegas right, you should not go on a budget cause you'll be pissed at the world.  Everything is expensive, get over it.  Drink are 32oz for $32 bucks.  I had 3 all the while in the pool having an amazing time.  The pool is murky - well, YA!  There's a million people in it doing who know's what.  Have a drink and get over it.The place to see hot people, be with hot people, enjoy great music and LIVE!!!!  I now love day clubs and can't wait to try others.
4	I had so much fan last Thursday for R3hab! I wish you guys didn't charge $40 for the lockers though :(
1	Tons of fist pumping guidos, overpriced weak drinks and the pool was full of warm piss water. Enjoy!
1	Let me start off by saying my review just has to do with getting into Wet Republic....I spoke to a guy several times who worked for this company and assured me he got me and 7 of my girlfriends on the list for a Saturday during my Bachelorette weekend....2 days before he texts me and asks me to make sure my friends are all "hot" because they have very high standards for who they will let in free, and asked me to send pictures of all the girls. Not to sound cocky, but we were definitely all very very good looking girls.So we get there Saturday and ask where the guest list line is, and ask for Gaz Brooks like we were told to. They tell me where to go to talk to Gaz. Keep in mind I have never met him, and it was someone else I was texting with.Gaz comes over, looks at me like a total asshole and goes "Ya, what do you want?". So I explained my friend talked to him and put us on a list and told me to talk to him. He just goes "I don't have a list today" and walks away. Okay? So then we go wait inthe genreal admission line casue they said that is also where guest list waits. After 40 minutes, we get up front and I tell the people we are on Gaz' list, etc. And they said Gaz should have given me a ticket for free entry. So now I have to go all the way back and find him again. I re-explain it to him and he immediately says "I don't have a list", so I said "the name of the guy I was talking to said we are the group he spoke to you about"...now he looks at his list he has had in his hand the whole time and says "nope don't see your name"....too bad he never asked for my name.Got all the girls and we left....Here's the kicker. We went to the MGM main pool with the lazy river RIGHT next to it, were able to get chairs, cheaper drinks, and hang out in the lazy river all day....and the DJ we were going to see, since it was 50 yards away we could hear it loud and clear!Do not waste your time here....either go to the main pool, or even check out Daylight Beach Club at Mandalay - MUCH better! And no extreme douche bags who think they are the coolest guys in the world cause they are Vegas bouncers, like Gaz ;)
1	I just came back from staying at the MGM signature. This was during the weekend of the EDC, so I'm hoping it's not always like this. This pool is gross, no that word doesn't even come close to it. I was there when it first open on Monday afternoon, then went back up to my room that overlooked all pools at MGM and the water was actually brownish gray, all other pools were sparkling blue. I hope the pool was drained for the next day, I wasn't going to chance it though. Man eating bacteria anyone?
5	Always a good time here. Service is always great. Caban is the way to go. DJ lineup is always good. Lines can get long so go early.
4	this place is huge, fast service, awesome music, hot chicks everywhere.  :)
1	I didn't have a great experience with wet republic. The pool water was warm and murky, the drinks were over priced, and the staff were nothing but rude and disrespectful. I wouldn't waste my money here unless you are looking to come to a place with zero class. I stood in line for at least an hour in 104 degree weather. I was then told I couldn't come in for having an attitude problem. I was completely sober unlike half the people standing in line. I did no wrong doing but hand the bouncer my I.D. After questioning my so called "attitude problem" and wrong doing I was finally let in. I then stood in another line to have my bag checked. Without any warning the guy checking my bag reached in and snatched my gum. There were no signs stating what could and couldn't be brought into the event. I felt extremely disrespected having someone just reach in and take something from me without asking. I was never given the option to throw it away or dispose of it on my own. Personally I felt as though security was just taking things away from people because they could. A few other girls in my group had the same impression. After entering I witnessed nothing but trashy drunk people everywhere. I had high hopes for this event upon entering but was very disappointed with how I was treated. All the staff working this event seemed to be on a huge power trip. I would never hash out money for this place to get bad service in return. The least they can do is be nice and respectful to people who are paying to be there. The very next day I attended a pool party at encore beach club. I was very happy with the service/ staff and how much nicer the event was in general. I would recommend encore over wet republic any day.
4	I came here with a bachelorette party of 7. We reserved a table near the pool which was perfect. I don't think I could ever come here w/o a VIP table! The service was great, they were very attentive. The music was great and it wasn't too crowded last weekend which made it even better. My only complaint is that they took away my eye drops when they checked my bag. I asked why, she just said they don't allow it. I told her my contacts get very dry and if I could use them one last time and she refused..without an explanation. That really bothered me. Other than that it was a great time.
4	So.. I originally lost my V-Card to Tao Beach Club. In college I messed around with Encore Beach Club and she will always hold a special place in my heart...but then cheated on her with Marquee Day Club. The distance was too much and now we don't even speak anymore :(I met this dreamy girl named Wet Republic and we spent the weekend together. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. I'm so in love.Laidback Luke, Deadmau5, Calvin Harris, and Tiesto all have 2013 residency!Came to see LBL and he was KILLING it.The line was stupid long. If you learn/read ONE thing from all of these reviews, let it be this:***BUY A PRESALE TICKET ***if you don't, go slap yourself a few times for me and go home to take a nap you big dummy.Drinks are of course ridiculously overpriced but what do you expect. VEGAS. $33 for the signature tall bottles filled with 32 oz and only a 6-second pour of your choice of liquor? thats like a shot and a half? WHACK...Lockers are $40 for those without a cabana/table. Cabanas/tables are anywhere from $1k-$2k depending on who's spinning.LOL: I spent a good 20 minutes talking to some employee about pricing to get a cabana.. he said there was a $600 minimum of things you had to order from the menu. SUPER CHEAP RIGHT?..he was talking about the MGM's hotel pool not wet republic. haha thanks for wasting my time what a sucker!I had a blast, beautiful women everywhere, amazing music, some shade in the back, and people partying their asses off.ONLY TWO CONS:1. the bathroom line sucks. Please make another bathroom or have easier access.. its probably the DIRECT result of CON #2.2. THE POOL WATER IS ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING. It looks like a cluster-f*ck combination of sweat, semen, urine, tears, and whatever bacteria-infested bodily fluids you can think of.don't get it on you. RULE #1: never splash anyones face at the pool lol.
3	Misc- Tiesto plays at this Dayclub, I assume for the duration of his 20 month (2013-2014) Hakkasan/Wet Replubic/whatever contract.- To get to Wet Republic requires walking past all the other MGM swimming pools.  To be really cheap, you could just hang out at the MGM (free) pools next to Wet Republic and enjoy the DJ/music.  Obviously you'll be missing out on the party vibe/21 and over drunken partiers.1) The good: Was here Sat/13 Jul about 2:30 pm - My buddy and I had the   http://www.OnTheRocksLasVegas.com/ticket-information/  (3 Day Pass) wristband which got us in to Wet Republic without waiting in line and not having to pay a cover charge.- Near the bar (behind the DJ booth) on the left there's a couple drinking fountains though the water's lukewarm.2) The bad: On Sun/14 Jul about 2:15 pm - Buddy and I were told that since Tiesto was playing today our OnTheRocks wristbands only got us in for free before 12 noon, so it was now too late.  General admission pricing for that day had gone from $50/person to $100/person.  We didn't want to pay any cover so my buddy and I left for the Palms.
3	Up to now, this Wet Republic appears to still be the place to be and be seen. You'll find a long, long line to get in if you don't get here early enough. If you're with a group of girls and get yourself on the VIP list, at least it'll cut your wait time a ton. You still have to get your bag "raped" by security to make sure that you don't bring anything unacceptable, which apparently includes inflatable animals as well! This can take awhile since us girls often bring beach bags with touch up make up, chapstick, extra clothes, you name it, we "like to be prepared," But when it's 115 degrees outside at the end of June, damn! Any length of time is too long to be waiting in line.The water itself was also quite warm. It wasn't quite as relievingly refreshing as I'd hoped it be. Maybe that was a subtle ploy to get people to buy the $20-30 frozen drinks, which my friends did thoroughly enjoy! Great place to people watch! After all, people are in their designer swimwear and are there to party, so there was never a shortage of entertaining displays of pick up lines and dancing. Wet Republic hosts such well known artists, like Tiesto and Calvin Harris, on certain days so it's awesome to enjoy their music and see them in person and in action!I must admit though, being spoiled is definitely the way to go here. Getting a cabana may be worth the splurge so you have a place to chill once you're tired of being in the water and just want to kick back and have great service with the great looking staff!
2	After Marquee, I was a little disappointed here. This was supposed to be better, right? Yeah... Not so much, IMO. The crowd was conceited, it was like being in high school again, I mean some people were cool but it wasn't friendly like Marquee. Everyone was just trying way too hard, I'm not a big fan of overly muscular/overly tanned/fake boobs/ass in your face dancing kind of places.  My bff's beer was $10, I think my long island was $16 X-( My locker was $40. It wasn't a big deal but it just wasn't fun. We got in for free which was incredibly nice. I will say, they make a killer quesadilla! :-)We were here for my bff's bachelorette party and the first time we came here, the rest of the party hated it so we left (and I went back to Marquee again). The second time, it was just us, two and Deadmau5 was supposed to perform and we tried to catch it before heading to our flights but no such luck. It also started to storm a little and they shut the pool down, if Deadmau5 went on, it was after 2pm when we left :-/ I danced a LOT more at Marquee and met some awesome friends there so I'll probably pass on this and go back there next time. Staff is friendlier there too. I felt like I was bothering them when I tried to ask any kind of question, my bad that I'm trying to pay for some kind of service, right? LOL Yeah... Not a fan.Oh AND they collect your gum/mints/eye drops, so leave all that stuff at the hotel.
4	This was my first Vegas pool party experience and I was not disappointed. It was Memorial Day weekend and we saw Tommy Trash and Rehab. There was a great crowd of good looking people all ready to drink and dance. Drinks were quite pricey but that is to be expected. We pre-bought our tickets which I definitely would recommend. Be prepared to tuck your things in a corner somewhere and wait in long lines for the bathroom but totally worth it!
4	Definitely a pool party to come too if in Vegas and want to have some fun in the water. The crowd is young and fun it's full of energy. Music is great and the bartenders are good and quick. Regular drinks are $16.00 and the bigger ones are $32.00. There's lockers that you can rent for $40.00.
5	If you are guest of the MGM you get in free before Noon. It is a very long walk to get into Wet Republic, so be sure to ask exactly how you get there. I remember walking the length of the all ages pool at MGM. The bartenders were awesome and so are the waitresses (many of whom are in great shape). The bouncers weren't douchy with my husband and I. We spent hours there and had a blast without bottle service and/or a cabana. The DJ was awesome. Can't wait to visit again next year.
4	Went here for a Calvin Harris Sunday. Drank a bottle of Jack in our cabana. Got drunk. Got escorted out. Got on a public transportation bus that took me to an In and Out Burger in the middle of Bum-f***, NV. Somehow made it back to the strip with no money in my wallet. Best...day...ever!! I do remember having a lot of fun before the bus ride though. If you are in a decent sized group, you have to spring for a cabana, and if you spring for a cabana, might as well throw in a little extra to get a deluxe one, worth it. I can't imagine it'd be a great time without one. Also it's fun to take champagne showers.Minus 1 star for kicking me out, but I understand!
5	I always come here for comps and I always have a good time. The cocktail servers are hot and nice and there is always good eye candy. YUM. Also awesome DJ's!
5	Lets get a few things out of the way before I dive into this review:1) Its expensive. To get in, to drink... hell, to be a guy in vegas is expensive. You knew this coming into it. If you don't want to pay, go swim at the golden nugget.2) Its crowded. Duh.This was my first time at wet republic but not at a vegas pool party so I come in with a bit of experience. Prior to coming here we stopped by Rehab where a friend was promoting. We missed the cut off time for guest list by 30 min so we were to be charged full cover (1 guy/1 girl = $100 and they didn't have a known dj). No thanks... not paying $100 for your 15-minute-of-fame-hype. We knew Steve Aoki was playing at wet so we had it as a solid backup. We trek on over, right at 2pm, to find no line. The staff was all very friendly from security to the cashiers.  We pay $100 ($60/me $40/her) which was more than reasonable because even seeing Steve Aoki at ruby skye locally would have run us the same and he puts on a damn good show; Can't argue that. The drinks were expensive at $35/each but were very strong and volume wise were the equivalent to 3 drinks (with a souvenir cup!). the crowd was pretty (although the gf was fully clothed, she blew them out of the water... no pun) and everyone was nice and were just there for a good time. nothing less.It would be extremely hard to top this party on a Sunday with a headlining DJ at a reasonable door cost. the party starts at 10:30 and ends around 7. we are talking an all day rager, people.Tip: drink A LOT before coming in to save a little dough and wear a bathing suit (mine was under my khakis but was asked to take my pants off prior to entry... and he didn't even buy me dinner yet!)Overall, hands down en epic Sunday funday that would be extremely hard to top.
5	The MGM has one of, if not the biggest pool area, and coolest pool areas and pool parties! The only other one I've been to so far is the Marquee dayclub and that was a lot of fun too. MGM is way bigger though and has several pools.
2	Let me start this off by saying that this whole pool party thing really isn't my scene. I'd rather lounge by the regular pool and have a decent-ly priced beer, or just drink in my room prior.. However, I was on vacation with my sis and she wanted to go, so I got us presale tix. When they recommend getting to a place in Vegas early, follow that advice!! We were there a little after 10:30 and really didn't have to wait more than 10-15 minutes to get into the actual pool. I can understand checking bags, but taking gum? Really? I'm surprised they let you bring your own sunscreen in. This particular day (Sat, 8/24/13) was overcast, however the part in my hair still got burnt as we were there until 3:30.The only reason I gave WR 2 stars is due to the 2 decent guys that came up to ask about my tattoos and ended up chatting with us for a while, and even getting us the majorly over-priced ($32.50) drinks in the souvenir cups. After getting into the actual pool area, I was surprised at how small it was, seeing as how well known it is. We didn't know where to go as we didn't have a bed/cabana reserved, so the staff member told us people just line up around the pools.. As I said, we were there early so we took up a place on the edge of the warm pool. My sis got us 2 frozen drinks- $17 each, which tasted like there was zero alcohol in them. At least the $32 drink was strong and had 4 types of liquor involved. As the day went on the pool just got more and more crowded, people dancing and splashing girls who were dancing. No way would I spend more than 3 seconds in that stew of STD's. On one side of us was a bachelorette party which had a bride that looked like she was going to puke after only a few hours of being there.. All around there are girls in heeled shoes, wanting to be looked at, and guys with shades on trying to look cool. No thanks. While in line for the bathroom I saw a girl slip and fall on the floor.. Not sure how drunk she was.. Later on my sis went to the bathroom and when she came back to us, her wrist was crooked and she said she fell.. We got security who actually got us to the medical station in a couple minutes, and the staff there gave her a splint and the address to the hospital.. After the 4 hours there, having her fractured wrist set back in place,she is now having surgery next week to repair the damage. For a place that is obviously involving intoxicated people walking on wet surfaces, I would think there would be actual precautions taken to provide traction on the floors, but alas there was nothing.
2	All hype ...Pros: music and talentCons: very expensive, customer serviceBuyer beware:Know all btl services negotiable, work these guys in blue because they will work youThey charge $40 to enter for guys...not a big deal, its expected.  However, when it comes to drinks, food and bottle service they get you good.  I was greeted by a "VIP" host and asked about pricing for different table locations . He gave me a "deal" and dropped the price for one of the locations from $1000 to $750. This included 1 1ltr of vodka (kettle one) mixes and 4 btls of Fiji water, small size.  They con you into thinking the $750 acts like a credit minimum .... $495 of that $750 is used for the first btl, so in your mind you feel you have $255 left towards food or more drinks... Ya right ... We ordered food and was charged separately ... Even an additional $2 for mustard to put on the burger that was ordered .... Crazy! So we order another btl thinking maybe we can apply the $255 credit towards the btl, again, Ya Right. We were charged an additional $495 plus another $200 tip WTF ... The btls only cost $40 at the most and they clipped us $1000 plus ... The place is a rip offAdvice... Know what questions to ask during negotiations, we got 3 different answers in pricing from 3 different hosts ... That way you can determine if you are willing to cooperate with their fine print, otherwise you are treated like a sucker ... I'd say its par for the course in Vegas but I'd recommend saving your money ... It's not all that is hyped up to be...good luck
3	we went here on a monday so it wasn't as crazy as i was expecting. there weren't a ton of people there and barely anyone was dancing, my guess is because it was a monday. we drank a lot before we went because we were expecting it to be like any other day club but when we got there it was the opposite of that. it was nice that there weren't any kids in the pool and everyone there was good looking. i will definitely come here again on a weekend! we also got in for free because we were staying at the mgm grand which was nice because it was $11 for a beer! but hey, what can you expect, drinks are expensive everywhere in vegas.
5	Got a nice hook up from a VIP promoter Chris T. Great pool party, the music is jamming and the chicks are hot. Recommended for anyone that's looking for a day club to go to. Don't forget to hit up Chris T (702)494-7979.
5	Went on a Friday around 3:00 with pre pay and walked right into the most happening pool party. It's not as big as EBC or Rehab, but it had a great vibe, music, and everyone was having a good time. There's only one bar in the back of the DJ area, but it's huge and never had to wait longer than a few minutes to get a drink. Unless you have a cabana, there's no where to sit except the edge of the pool but your here to rock and dance to the DJ!
1	Came here last summer when there wasn't a stellar DJ lineup, so not sure if the atmosphere has changed since. First of all, I almost didn't get in because the bouncer didn't believe I was 23 and asked me when I'd graduated from high school (if he took my ID, how was I to fly home...?) Then they took my gum. Why. Once we got in, we were all trying to put our stuff somewhere, since there was little space by the time we got there at 2, and the bouncer standing by us told us very rudely to keep moving. The pool is disgusting- limes, empty cups and god knows what else floating around in there. The crowd was not as nice as EBC, so just save your time and go to EBC.
4	Let's begin with what DIDN'T make the experience to me. THE LINE. I didn't like the line situation. It's free before like 2pm or something but that doesn't mean come at 1 like a normal party. It means come no later than 10:30 grab bfast and start waiting. Be on line by 11:00. We stood waiting for hours and got so annoyed we bought a table to get inside. Guess their strategy worked? In 90 degree weather you want to get inside, drink, dance and take pics. Not be outside with everyone in the world standing in a line that does not move.Okay inside. One word: Perfection. Pool is big. Havent been to Rehab at Hard Rock, Tao, or Encore Beach Club, but this ladies and gents is how you throw a pool party. I had a flight to catch so I was skeptical going out when I had to get a plane in a few hours. Totalllllly worth it. This was probably one of my top 5 best days of life. This party had sick beats (Aoki), hot partygoers, good drinks and all the other stuff.$5000 broker, but we had fun.
4	Hit the lazy river and if you can fit it in your bag, bring a small inner tube so you don't have to rent one. Great atmosphere.
5	This is an epic day club. Not sure if they're open at night. Saw Avicii there and the show was amazing. Another highlight - the servers are hired as "models" so they can get away with only accepting the hottest staff. So if you like gawking at bikini models, you'll have fun here.
4	Surreal pool party experience. Vegas does it unlike anywhere else, and Wet Republic is no exception when it comes to getting WET!So you know what you're getting into:1) Getting tickets in advance substantially cuts down waiting time.2) Arriving early (before 1pm) does the same.3) Cabanas cost $1,500.4) There are lockers available to stow your stuff.5) The bar sells drinks in enormous lidded cups. Get these and you won't regret it when the splashing starts! Unless you like chlorine as part of your alcoholic mix.6) It is calm and beautiful when you arrive early and hardly anyone is there. It gets increasingly more chaotic and cramped up through peak pool time (~3pm).* * * Now, so you know what you're REALLY getting into: * * *Be prepared for a poppin' party. And when I say poppin', I mean POPPIN'. Super crowded, off the chain, dope beats, crazy splashing. Beach balls are constantly flying, some that may come your way and bonk you on the head while you are distracted, completely unaware. Good thing they're only beach balls! Then the huge inflated whales start coming out. These are much heavier than the beach balls and have more of an impact on your head. But everyone is too busy dancing and having fun to care. NOTE: You can't ride the whales. You can try, but it's impossible.By the time the headliner DJ (Steve Aoki) takes over, it becomes so rowdy both outside and inside the pool. Outside the pool, a large crowd is clamoring up by the DJ booth. Aoki sprays the crowd with champagne and even throws a large cake with white frosting at them. He is carried overhead by the crowd. Rafts and inflatable animals (flamingos, ducks, and monkeys) are deployed. It's a hot, hot mess on land!In the pool there is so much splashing that tidal waves are straight up rolling. One guy was so ecstatic to be in the pool that as he thrashed around, he brought his hand down (with his phone) hard onto my forearm. Thanks for the enormous bruise! Of course I didn't feel it until the next morning, probably because of the booze and adrenaline. Before I know it, 4 hours have passed and the drinks and music are still flowing. Wet Republic sure knows how to make it last!TIP: Be ready to party. Go hard or go home!DATE TIP: You can most certainly find a date here. Enormous margaritas + dancing in the water + people in swimsuits? Oh yeah, no doubt.
4	"Duuuuuuude, we gotta hit Wet Republic to see _____" - Every Visiting FriendI took the plunge... and was pleasantly surprised. There was no line to get in (cloudy skies, post-labor day) and we breezed past security. Cover was $50, which suuucks. Next time an internet search for a guest list or a text to a promoter has got to happen. I'm sure this varies by day, but the crowd wasn't bad at all. No aggressive meatheads, no snooty ladies, no crooks stealing our phones, just a chill group looking to have fun. I give them extra props on the drinks. $30 for a drink is usually a sign for me to bounce, but these drinks were massive. In a town where some pools sell you $18 Corona, a plastic bottle with at least 4 drinks worth of top shelf liquor at that price ain't half bad. So, get on the guest list, splash when the beat drops, and you'll be just fine here.
4	Finally came around to this pool party. I've heard so many things about Wet Republic, but never really planned my trips to party there. That is until LDW.It isn't that big but spacious enough, I'd say. I've heard it isn't the cleanest pool. And well, frankly, no pool is clean after 100 people get into it with their sunblocks and drinks in hand. Not mentioning, those that actually pee in the pool. Com'on people! I thought we were adults here!! Only children peeing in the pool is justifiable. Get your drunk @ss to the bathroom!Please!I had too much fun there with my friends that, I forgot Calvin Harris was spinning. Drunk! It happens. Love pool parties!!
5	I drank for free and partied like  I have NEVER partied in my life. I saw Tiesto 4 feet away and he smiled and waved at me. This was the BEST day of my life. p.s If you aren't good looking girls, expect to pay 75 dollars per person. :-)
4	We had a group of 14 that went to Wet Republic on a Thursday. They had a DJ/music but no one with a big name. We rented a private bungalow ($1,000 min that goes toward food and beverage - you get your own TV, ) and it was worth every penny, but the bungalows are a LOT more expensive on the weekends. Bottle prices, beer bucket prices, etc. were on par with Vegas clubs (bottles starting in the $400s and buckets of Corona for $80, plus with the bungalow you have to pay about 28% in tax and tip on top of those prices).There wasn't a big crowd that day by any means, but we still had an awesome time. The one thing I want to point out - bring the absolute minimum in regards to personal belongings. With the bungalow, having a little bag with my camera and phone, ID and money in it was no big deal - but I'm glad that's *all* that I had, because they cleaned my friends out. One of them had singularly sealed, OTC headache meds (in a brand new box that had never been opened!) - confiscated. Another had sealed band aids confiscated. I understand that they have a very strict policy regarding illegal substances, but it's not posted until you get right to the entrance. So if you'd been waiting in line, or if you weren't staying at the Grand...you're out of luck, and bye-bye to that Ibuprofen you need for that hangover headache or whatever. Again, I understand if this is the rule, but it would have been nice to know it ahead of time, especially as I've been to other (albeit smaller) pool parties in Vegas, and plenty of clubs, without ever having anything like that confiscated.
5	Pre-coordinate w/ a promoter.  Go with a group.  Get a cabana, daybed or (even better) a couch in front of the dj booth.  Order the champagne spray bottles (not listed on the menu) and have some fun.  Arrive exactly when your promoter tells you to.  You'll have a couple different options to pick from but if you're late they will give your reservation away.I've been to Wet Republic at least once every year for the past 5 years and every single time is a blast.  The best experience that I've had is the most recent one with Steve Aoki over LDW.  If you want to see people get sheet cake smashed in their face and sprayed with champagne then go see Aoki.  Do not bring anything that you do not absolutely need.  When you go through security all of your belongings will be thoroughly searched.  Every nook and cranny of your bags, wallets, etc will get checked.  The only thing that could make the whole experience better is to serve the beer in a treasure chest instead of a bucket.Oh and PS - do not get dropped off at the MGM.  You need to get dropped off at the entrance to Wet Republic (which is still part of the MGM) otherwise you'll be walking 500 miles through the hotel to get there.
4	Came here to see Steve Aoki and it was literally one of my favorite parties on my Vegas vacation!I do have a few tips that could be helpful when visiting...-If you don't have a table get there early, by getting there early you can claim a pool side spot to place your belongings-Less is more, the less you carry in the better off you are, I believe it was about $30 to rent a locker-If you want to enjoy the pool get there early, it gets pretty crowded otherwiseThat being said, who is ready to jump?!?! The show was awesome here loved how close you are to the DJ, it was like having front row seats to the greatest show ever.If you have a chance to see Aoki here I would definitely reccomend it between campaign showers and cake faces his show was a blast!
3	I had a promoter get us to the day club and told us to get there at 11am. I am thinking no and arrived closer to 12:30pm and even then it wasnt that packed. Steve Aoki was coming on at 3pm so we just lounged and sat along the pool. There is no seating or lounge chairs for people who do not have a table so those of us just circled around the pool and claimed a spot. It doesnt get popping until 3pm or so but then we found out that he wasnt gonna get on til 5pm. That was super annoying so that was when my friends and I bought drinks. Two drinks were almost $40 after tip. That is friggin ridiculous and bonkers but paying that led to my friends getting us more drinks at a table....haha so I guess it worked out. So for those lightweights, be careful you dont drink too much on an empty stomach because my two friends stepped in and out of the restroom toward 5pm and thats when the security waited for my friends to finish puking before leading us out to a taxi. haha fail but while my friends were doing their business, I was able to see Steve Aoki throw a cake in someone's face. The guards have seen this all the time so they are used to it and wont be a complete beezy over it. Just a warning that they will kick you out. It was a cool experience to have but I guess day clubs arent my scene cuz I can lounge around and tan anywhere.**TIPS**1) I had a promoter and my three girls and I got in for free. My promoter only put 3 down so we had to pay $30 for the fourth person but the guy was nice enough to let us in for free.2) It doesnt get popping until 2-3pm.3) Enjoy!
5	Came here to see Tiesto on LDW.  At first I thought $100 was alot for some daytime party at a small pool venue.  But then I realized I could be paying more to go to some music festival with Tiesto or any concert arena to pay more for front row seat.Well, for $100 on LDW, I was able to get a very clear view of Tiesto from his stage like I had front row tickets.  And I did not have to fight crowds and still had enough personal space to move around for how close I was.  I was right next to the stage and got a clear view of Tiesto on my iPhone worthy of an instagram post.  It may be a small venue for someone like Tiesto, but the benefits of it being small is that that you get a more personal experience with some of the biggest DJs who can be performing at bigger venues.   Also it was enough people to feel like a party but enough space to walk around wherever you need to go.  You could go to a music festival like EDC to see Tiesto, but you'll likely be way in the back or fighting crowds & showing up early to get front row viewing points.  I like Wet Republic because it's a more relaxed way to see high profile DJs.
2	I've been here a number of times, and some have been more "on" than others. This last time missed the mark by a LOT. First of all, it was completely dead. There were about 100 people tops, all day. That's not why I'm grading it down, though. We had a cabana with some friends, and the security there are obviously a bunch of frustrated wannabe cops. They threw one of our friends out because they had "allegedly" observed him acting out, and showing signs of intoxication. Oh, really? And the rest of the people there weren't drunk at all? To add insult to injury, they were rude to all of us, and then they started eating the food that we had ordered in the cabana while they were throwing him out. Seriously? Try having some professionalism, and don't act like cavemen. I don't need to be treated poorly by disgruntled employees, who are clearly jealous everyone around them is having a good time, and they are stuck working for low wages. There are plenty of other pool parties in Vegas!
3	i had a great time seeing tiesto play here! i was literally up in front and even with a big crowd i did not feel cluster phobic  at all! the guards/ bouncers were so funny! one of them said to me that he wished that we switched places! he wanted to join in on the fun too! the venue was pretty cool. nothing really special. i bought a souvenir cup drink and it was $37! OMG it was soo expensive! but it gave me a really good buzz throughout the whole time i was there. the reason for the 3 stars because there wasn't much seating space just to hang around and chill. venue was just okay. it wasn't as nice architecturally. just 2 big pools and some tables and a space to dance by the DJ.unlike encore beach club they have stripper poles in the middle of the pool which was really fun! they also have a lot of places to sit and the pools are much nicer!
5	How many promoters does Wet Republic have? How many of them say its the best party in Vegas? How many of them are correct? Umm, ALL OF THEM! I had SUCH a great time when I went to Wet Republic. I was celebrating my birthday with Tiesto and didn't have alcohol the rest of the weekend after having my big sister drive me home. That must mean it was a really great time. With the exception of Tiesto taking my hat and giving it to some dude, I really enjoyed this venue. The water gets murky really fast but the people (guests and staff) are all super friendly. Shout out to the bartender that gave me the extra shot for my birthday! I also love love LOVE the two water fountains on the side, LOL. I respect a venue that wants to keep their patrons hydrated :)
4	I'm a bit disappointed the day I went They Cancelled Calvin Harris because of "rain" I still had a good time the music was ok. The pool is pretty big and they have another small one on the side with cabanas going around the place. The drinks were great! You can get a pretty cool souvenir cup for I think $30 and they'll serve your drink of choice in there which is cool because water won't go in it if you're in the pool. Bathroom line is pretty bad, it's small and the lines get long.
3	This is a great venue that gets more people then should be allowed. I came here to the Summer close out party with Calvin Harris. It took me almost 1hr to get to the bar to get a drink. Most regular size drinks are $17. The security at the door is tighter then TSA at any airport I"ve been too. Then you get a pat down. One thing to note, men must were swimming trunks or you will not be allowed in. I couldn't have gone in the pool even if I tried it was that crowded. You can't bring water, mints, or just about anything else you would use poolside.
1	security guards are dumb as a door nob..... bartenders are really cool..... i think this place has a lot of hype behind it because it is not what they say it is by far.... overall this place is run down and smells funky.. tip: don't go here id rather go to the mgm pull next door they are synonymous (the same  exact thing)
5	Not going to lie. I was not sure if I would like this place. Turns out I LOVED IT!!! Yes it is hot hot hot out. Yes the pool is super gross (there were cups, food, straws and who know what else floating in it towards the end) but it didn't matter! Get there early and try to stake out a spot along the edge of the pool. There are no chairs or anywhere to sit. If you want to sit somewhere you will need to pay for VIP. I was there with about a group of 20 and we were all in the pool and on one ledge where we stored all our bags and stuff in the little trees. There are lockers but they cost like $45 for the whole day and that's just absurd. Dada Life was there and that was absolutely amazing. Found myself dancing it out so hard with a blow up banana it was insane. Drinks are expensive but I don't buy them so whatever. I would 100% go back here again if I ever went back to Vegas with a group. Oh! And make sure you buy your tickets online before you go. There is a separate line for that and it's cheaper as well.
1	I could give this a 0 star if I could.So they pulled me aside to question me about my year of graduating high school, etc. etc., procedures for a fake I'm guessing & threatened to call the police & confiscate my only ID if I didn't "tell the truth" so I was forced to make up a fake birthday by saying I was 2 years younger in order to get my ID back & was told to leave the grounds. This was also for an event I had already pre-paid $50 for.Even worse, my friend who merely two days later with an actual FAKE ID who, although she is 20, looks far from it managed to enter the same venue for another pre-paid event. I thought Las Vegas, out of all places, would be used to properly identifying people of drinking age.Of course, I came back and watched the show from another pool but I suggest either getting better security guards who can actually distinguish fakes from real and maybe even buy, god forbid, a black light or ID scanner - because for a major company that would be so expensive!One last thing, I was threatened to be blacklisted from all MGM owned places (which apparently is 75% of the Strip). I really don't care about any of these places so their words fell empty and I just felt harassed for absolutely no reason. Good job taking my money and leaving me without an experience I had been waiting for for months.
1	I will never ever come here again. I went to Wet Republic with my sister while visiting Vegas in late August 2013. It's expensive and they check your bags like crazy, they steal your gum which is just silly. The drinks are incredibly overpriced and my frozen drinks all tasted like straight juice. Now after being there for at least 3-4 hours, R3hab finally comes on. I go to wait on line for the bathroom and see one girl slip and fall on her butt. I finally make it into the bathroom and even after watching careful, slip and fall on my way back, badly breaking my wrist. This place was filthy with people smoking cigs in the water and dropping ashes right next to people sitting in the warm gross water. Everywhere you went, the floor was wet and it was glossed over cement, real safe guys! You'd think they'd have mats or something safer as the ground material but no. Never again. I hope this place gets shut down, they clearly deserve it.
5	This weekend is the opening weekend of Wet Republic and you can bet that I will be there!  I always visit this pool party every time I'm in Vegas and I am never disappointed.Don't go to this place without knowing the hosts that work there.  They will ensure that you aren't getting ripped off and waiting in huge lines just to get in.  If you want to listen to great DJs, be surrounded by attractive people and good vibes, definitely hit up this pool party!
1	First off this place is all about money.  I'm surprised they charge for breathing the air for Christ's sake.  Some folks paying 40 bucks and up.  For Real.  Way batter options out there people.  Going through a TSA FRISK!! Can't even bring your own GUM !!  Actually the pool outside of wet republic is much better!! Do your homework and avoid this at all cost's or save you some cost's.
3	Something just rubbed me the wrong way about this place. It was kind of Jersey Shore douchy.So the ladies at the entrance were super nice, entrance was quick. The bartender was a d***. I saw him sneaking Jose Cuervo into my Patron drink. Really? Who does that?Anyway, there was no shortage of sloppy drunks (guys & girls) on the Saturday that I attended. A LOT of splashing, so get a souvenir cup, or stay out of the pool when the beat drops lol. No shade, so bring sun screen. I think this is one of those place that's better if you ome with a large group or have bottle service. I'd give it another shot.
3	As far as a pool party, it is definitely one of the best on the strip. But I have a few bones to pick.Wet Republic has some of the better DJs when it comes to day clubs. Judging by the crowd, it is the place to be during the day. Tihe cabanas are a plenty and definitely room to cut rug. Be prepared for everything but a full-cavity search. Double ID checks, pat downs, bag check in. One thing I found puzzling; my friend was carded; no issue getting in. Buys the first round at the bar; no problem. Goes for round 2, they ask for ID. We showed them our ID to get in the first place. Bartender says you can go back out to the bag check and get your ID.What a crock of ****.  I like the place but putting up with this type of **** I got no time for. The potential 4-figure tabs can go elsewhere
5	To all the people that are worried about their bodies when they go to a Vegas pool party...just get drunk and have fun because no one cares!  Tips:  There is always a free guestlist for ladies.  Ask around to promotors.  You must be wearing "fashionable swimwear".  Security will turn you away if you're wearing regular street clothes.There are lockers at $40 for the day to store your stuff in.  They have all types of cell phone charges inside the lockers too.Food and drinks are expensive but who cares.  The food is actually pretty good.  And the servings are pretty large.You can't bring big bags or purses in.  Only tiny clutches.  They make you check large bags ($5) at entry.You can't bring in any type of drugs, even OTC like asprin, ibuprofen, nothing...not even eye drops!You can't bring gum, mints or breath spray.  Security said "nothing that can go in your mouth".The security is way more strict if you go in General Admission or Guestlist line on the left side..  If you're getting a daybed/cabana or have a hookup, and go in on the right side, they don't check your stuff as strict.Get one of those plastic cups with covers filled with liquor.  The slushy drinks are so good and they will get you f*cked up.  They're $40 and totally worth it, especially if you want to go in the pool with your drink.  Everyone starts splashing and you don't want herpe pool water filling your cup.
5	Holy crap.Once you get past the line, the other line, then the last line, you walk into a day clubber's paradise.Loud, banging bass (We saw Dada Life! They were amazing!) Beautiful people everywhere (ugly ones too, but I didn't focus on them).I went with eight buddies for my bachelor party, and we had the time of our lives at Wet Republic. We didn't spend $1,500 on a cabana or bottle service and got in just fine with our pre-sale tickets. Then we enjoyed the $10 beers and danced the afternoon away!
4	Came here on a Monday for free, being on the guest list.  We got there at 1 p.m. and it was pretty empty.  There were maybe 30 people there total.  Luckily, I wanted more of a relaxing pool day experience, which is exactly what I got.  We were able to lounge and tan at the pool, while listening to some music.They do provide towels, so I wouldn't recommend bringing anything except for your ID and credit card.  I heard some people complaining that they got their bags totally emptied, and some things thrown out.  Overall, a pretty cool experience, but I wouldn't pay full price to go back.
3	The pool was nice, shallow (like the people) and warm. Fun to dance in. Drinks were $20 a piece but that's expected in Vegas. It was opening day and the scene was meh, in my opinion. They gave us a cabana which was nice. But I prefer the beach club at Encore.
5	I've been looking forward to trying out Wet Republic for a long time. They always have good DJ's. This time, it would be my 4th time seeing Steve Aoki.We came prepared with waterproof phone/wallet cases that strapped to our arms/wrists. This was perfect for the pool party and didn't require paying for one of those expensive lockers. And they were only $4.00 on Overstock.com. I highly recommend them. (Also, if you DO have anything you're hiding inside your valueables, the pouch is hard to reach inside and clear, so they don't spend much time searching it during the extensive security check line. At least not for us.)When we finally got to Wet Republic after a long trek through the hotel, there was only a short line to get in because it was still so early. We were on the guest list, and girls, so we got in free per the usual. The pool itself was HUGE, which we expected. And it was still not very busy, so we hurried to get drinks before it would start getting hard to do so. And omg, it was awesome, they had a HUGE cup you could fill with alcohol and bring home with you. For $52, I filled it with Red Bull and vodka, and it lasted me the whole day. Next time I'm going to try and see if I can get them to put in less ice, because they pack it up to dilute the contents.We sat on the most right pool when you come in. Unfortunately, it wasn't very hopping over there. The large middle pool was where it was at, but we didn't move because my friend wasn't feeling very well. We stayed from 11:45 am - 4:15 pm. We met up with friends, made new friends, and got to dance to little of Steve Aoki's set. It was a good time. I just wished we didn't have a plane to catch and that my friend was feeling better so we could stay longer. I'll definitely be back to Wet Republic, for the DJs and the great time. I'll try to remember to even bring my cup back, maybe the refills are cheaper!
5	Pool is really nice! everyone went crazy while we were there... if you guys are just looking for a plain fun pool day! visit wet republic!! :) :) For guestlist and table reservations this guy can really help you out :) Paul Edgar (702) 816-6857
5	Ok so the BEST pool parties in Vegas with the best djs! I love the environment of this place. The servers , staff and securities are all great! They're are always having a good time and are aware of everything to make sure you're have a great time . Arrive early
3	First Pool/Day Club experience in Vegas. I think it was about $70 and Tiesto was playing that day. There was a cut off time of 1pm so my friends and I made sure to get there on time. We got in and the place was packed. Even though it was a fun and unique experience, I don't think I will be going to any Pool/Day Clubs anymore for a few reasons: 1. It is pricey.. Can't afford going out during the day, blow Benjamins at casinos, and go out at night again to blow some more.2. Can't hang: Getting old so I get tired easily haha3. Not my thing: I rather go to night clubs honestly.
5	My five girlfriends and I got a daybed here for a good deal because we knew some people, but it was a really great time. Our server was adorable and super attentive, the people the work here are really good looking. Our cabana boy was really awesome and attentive too.The food was good but way too large portions (we got the chicken strips and the chips and dip platters). Even with a severely reduced minimum, we had trouble reaching the minimum.I really recommend getting a daybed as there was no where else to sit except poolside and the only place to put your stuff was in a locker.Really great people watching and if you want to go in the water, get there early because it gets really gross and slimy from lotion, sunblock and probably a lot of piss. Never had to wait for a bathroom which was nice.Dada Life was awesome, even without Stephan there. Good to know he's on the mend.Make sure to get dropped off by a taxi at the Wet Republic entrance, not at MGM. Big difference.
4	Wet Republic is like the wild child of the Vegas pools that I've been to - at least at the moment.  Depending on the DJ and date, expect a small to long wait, especially as you come later on during the day when the main DJ is on.  You'll have to go through several parts of security including a bag check and a patdown so do be aware.  Can't bring in other liquids or gum either.  There are lockers inside for $40 but just share it with the rest of your group to get the most bang for your buck.  Drinks come in two sizes for the most part.  There is a giant souvenir cup for most drinks as well as smaller size.  The bigger cups range from about $30-$40 while the smaller cups are standard club prices.  In addition, there is food (at least for the daybeds) along with the daybed/tables.  There is definitely a more private area for different levels too like the cabanas  The DJ is up on another level (covered if you're in the pool area by some of the tables) but the music is usually great from the Hakkasan line-up like Afrojack or Tiesto.  The atmosphere is also usually very energetic.  Expect lots of splashing as you get to the middle of the day (watch out for those electronic devices or drinks in hand).  They also have towels available to the side.  All-in-all, it's not for everyone but I still really enjoyed the experience.
4	Must come check this out if you are in Vegas.  Don't expect to get any rest under those umbrellas as it is loud and very active but with good reason ;)Suck it up and get a little area for your crew with some bottles but don't expect to buy anything cheaply and lockers are $40 for the day, so be prepared.
5	Came Here Yesterday For My First Time And I Must Say It Was The Highlight Of My Birthday Weekend! The Staff Is Hot And The People Are Goregeous Nothing Like A Pool Party With Good Looking People...It was Just My best Friend And I...We Ended Up Meeting So Many Cool People..Everyone Is So Friendly Here...Bring Money Because The Drinks Here Are Super Expensive But Worth It...I Will deff Be Back And Make Sure You Put Yourself On The Guestlist Ladies Get In Free...Guys Half Price! Cheers To Vegas!
3	No thanks to standing uncomfortably in heels all day in the hot sun or in a murky pool buttcheek-to-buttcheek with other sweaty, drunk peeps...I think the murkiness was definitely caused by some drunken urination. :PYes, I'm going to be very blunt and say I didn't really enjoy my time that much at Wet Republic. It's probably because I'm such a grandma and would rather be eating at a buffet, napping or playing the penny slots at the time we showed up here.With all that said, I still had a good time with my hot girlfriends and meeting some fun new peeps at one of the VIP cabanas.Thumbs up to chicken strips and french fries, surprisingly very delicious!Double thumbs up to VIP tables in the shade near the DJ booth!P.S. Staff that works here are all super friendly and pretty much wanna party with you. Recap of that weekend on my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFd8kfiZIJY&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
1	Maybe i'm getting old, but a pee-pee pool filled to the brim with douchebags and skanky girls who have no business wearing  2 pieces is NOT cool. Also, my gum does not have blow in it. Thanks for taking the entire pack!!! What the hell?!Hundreds of people. Cramped in the pool drinking all day long. NOT getting out... One bathroom. Long lines..  You get where i'm going? Yeah, I'm pretty sure it was 80% pee. Warm, murky water. Yum!Nearly an hour to get drinks that cost something like $60 each. $75 bucks to get in. Yeah, i'll pass. Nowhere to sit or lay out. You're just stuck in the pee and cum pool ALL day. Oh, and after waiting in line for an hour for a pitcher of alcohol ($260 by the way, barely 5 glasses) You can't even sit on the effing ledge of the pool to enjoy your ridiculously over priced drink and get a tanl!!!! WHAT THE FF. The asshole security guard who hates life, hates people and hates his job (he even told us he hates his job) kept coming by and telling us to move. Our options were to "get into the pool or get out" ummm ok. It's a pool. Like, you're supposed to sit on the ledge of a POOL!!!!So, if you like paying hundreds of dollars to be forced to stand in a cesspool of disease and pee (thank god I didn't get a UTI) with a 50-1 guy to girl ratio (not even cute guys at that) and you like to wait in line for over an hour to get in and have your gum taken away- then this is your spot!!Methinks I shall never, ever return. Encore is nicer. MUCH nicer
2	Best Tip, Bring Goggles or stay out of the poolProbably will not be coming here again. Comparing this to Encore Beach Club is Night and Day. The pool was so dirty. I mean I understand everyone sweats in the pool but the pool was so TRASHY. You can get hurt stepping on beer cans and shit. They did not have enough towels and some bars even ran out of ice. Are you kidding me? Pool was medium size, however I prefer the four small pools at Encore. Life guards were w.e. Crowd was majority caucasian. There was a dude in a borat swimsuit with his Whang and Nutsake hanging loose. Why have they not kicked him out. -1 Entertainment Tax on things like Red Bulls which were like 9 dollars a pop (WTF?)TaxTipand entertainment tax on a red bull. Time to just sneak in multiple flasks. Did I mention there was three lines? The security pretty much went through my whole wallet and probably event counted the money to make sure nothing was in there... but he didnt even check my pockets. I guess hiding things in plain sight would be too obvious. -1 people are immature as hell here, splashing ERRWHERE, god damn, your eyes are going to be closed half the time. I get splashing but this dude took his beer tub container and was going crazy with it.
1	You hear a lot about Wet Republic being one of the best pool scenes in Vegas but after spending a Saturday at this pool recently I don't get it. The short review is that everything about this pool is bad.  The multiple long lines you wait in (even with a reservation), the insanely high prices, the crowd and the overcrowding, the lack of seating (unless you get a cabana), the wait to buy drinks at the bar, the nasty pool, the staff, and the overall customer service.Our group had a reservation but we still had to wait in multiple lines for over 45 mins.  Once you get in, there is literally no place to sit unless you have a cabana or day bed reserved.  Like most of the guests, we didn't.  Big mistake.  Without a reservation for  a bed or cabana, you don't have a place to sit and call home and more importantly you don't have a waitress or a place to eat food. Each time we went to the bar it was another 45 minute wait.  If you order food you would have to stand there for another 40 mins while they make it because they dont bring it to you for obvious reasons (too crowded).Two of my biggest issues are that everything is ridiculously expensive and the service is terrible.  I have no problem spending money but I expect a certain level of service and that does not exist here.  Customer service overall whether it be from the security staff, the bar tenders, the waitresses, or anyone else associated with the operation is absolutely terrible.  You feel like a herd of cattle at every step.  There is no personality to this place or the staff other than I'm a douche just like everyone else in here.  It is shocking to me how poor the service was and at about $13-15 for a beer I was hoping for a little more.The crowd was not attractive except for a few well placed "guests" that were clearly there as paid eye candy.  It seems that the hotel brings in some hot eastern european girls to just dance in the high visibility areas for hours on end without ever talking to anyone.  All under the guise that they are just pool guests.  Right....sure. Its comical.I would say it's one of those things you just try once and then never go back but its not even worth it.  With so many cool pools in Vegas I would steer clear of this one.  Maybe its a lot better during the week?  Avoid it all costs on a Saturday.
3	Food 3Atmosphere 4Service 3Wait time 2Price 3
2	For all the times I've been to Vegas, Wet Republic was my first pool party.  A gf and I meandered over pretty early - around noon - and there was no line, no cover.  We brought only our phones, id, and some cash since we knew how strict it was. ....We were nagged by security quite a bit (don't sit in front of the reserved area, make sure your towel fits the line of the outer ledge..) and didn't drink anything since it seemed like a pretty good waste of money. It was fun watching people prance around in all their naked splendour, but we left in about an hour.I just felt so hemmed in by all the restrictions though! I understand, but it was just a lot of work and feeling like a criminal to just dip in your feet!
1	I heard amazing things about Wet Republic, so my boyfriend and I decided to reserve a cabana for a Saturday pool party.  Needless to say, we will NEVER go back.  Not only did we have to wait in an unorganized line of people waiting to get in who bought cabanas also, but they ended up telling us that they gave our cabana away to a bigger party.  $2000 dollar minimum for a cabana that we booked two weeks in advance and they gave it away!!The guy let us go in because he felt bad and didn't want us to wait in line......well, let me just say, the security is better than the airport.  They rip apart your entire bag.  So, we go in and the place is so overly packed with people and it's SMALL.  The place had JUST opened and it was already swarming with people.  After standing in line for an hour in 100 degree weather, I really needed some water.  We go up to the only bar in there and the guy says "we don't hand out waters, we can give you a cup of ice and you can fill it up at the water fountain".  Are you kidding me???  You are telling me a Vegas bar doesn't give out waters when it's 100 degrees outside.  I was so pissed off at this point.  After ordering our alcoholic drinks, we walked around and quickly figured out that unless you have a cabana, there is nowhere to sit or put down your bag.  Well, they gave our cabana away, so the place was a shitshow.WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.We had been to the Palms friday ditch pool party the day before and it was AMAZING.  After about five minutes and finishing our drinks, we left.  Ended up going to the Hardrock for the Rehab pool party and that was also AMAZING!!  We got a cabana and the service was incredible.
4	Unfortunately, I went to Wet Republic on a Monday and it's not one of their ideal days to party so it wasn't packed but it was still fun! It was relaxing and chill. My friends and I got a bed and it was so affordable, it broke out to each girl (4 of us) spending $50.00 each and that's basically two drinks. Each person on the bed has to spend a minimum of $50.00 and you get a big bed, an umbrella and it was right next to the pool. Soooo worth since it was 105 degrees out ! Our bed was right next to the pool so it was super fun. Everyone who worked there-security, helpers, waitress were all so nice & so attentive! The pools (there are 2) are nice and the view is beautiful. The music was good but it wasn't too crazy of a day so everything was laid back and it was super relaxing. If your not into crazy pool parties, try going to a pool party on a "off" day it's still a lot of fun! Oh and we got in free : )
1	From the people who brought you Hakkasan- introducing WetRepublic, Las Vegas' most groundbreaking queueing experience. Imagine the excitement of waiting in no less than four lines while you are dehumanized and treated like a common criminal. Featuring rude staff, confusing ticket procedures, and invasive security, you can't find a more amazing way to spend your Saturday afternoon than WetRepublic! Once you're inside, enjoy more lines for such amenities like $12 bud light and toilets. Relax with your friends while standing in ankle deep lukewarm water to the sounds of 2008's hottest electronic music.
4	My sister and I had a great time here this past Friday but I wish I would have done a bit more homework first. We had a beach bag with us and had to spend $10 on bag check. I wouldn't have brought anything if I had known it was that expensive. We got in there and ordered a pina colada in one of the larger plastic cups everyone is walking about in and I thought I misheard when the bartender told us it was $84. Nope. So we went out to the pool and there was a HUGE tv to watch the world cup games on. It was phenomenal. It was still pretty early so the pool wasn't that murky so it was optimal. As the day progressed, however, the pool looked like a sky blue jolly rancher. We ended up talking with some guys with a cabana so we weren't in the water too long and we had a place to put our things (and a few drinks on top of that, which was really awesome). Music was good too. All in all we had a great time. I would go back but without a beach bag and earlier in the day so the pool isn't as obviously filled with additional fluids.
3	Let's get real: If you're going to Wet Republic, it's not because you read Yelp reviews about the service, drinks, music, or prices. You're going because you're giving yourself fully to the Vegas party gods, no matter how inconvenient it may be. With its crowds and ridiculous club-like mentality, Wet Republic is definitely not a place I'd think to go to on my own accord. But as part of a bachelorette party, I was game to follow along with whatever the bride-to-be and other bachelorettes wanted. If you're not too hung over from the night before, I highly recommend getting there as early as possible. You'll avoid the lines and hopefully get a good spot by the pool without having to pay mucho dinero for a cabana or table. Better yet, get in touch with one of the many promoters who try to get groups on guest lists. Positives: Good music (with famous DJs spinning quite often), a huge pool, very entertaining people watching. Negatives: The drinks are outrageously expensive, and there are ridiculous little rules that you have to abide by, like not being allowed to even lean on the back of a VIP booth, crazy thorough searches (seriously, they'll take everything out of your wallet, open your lipstick, and confiscate all gum and mints). The biggest negative though? The state of the pool after the party has been going for a few hours. The water is so dirty that it's practically opaque. Definitely not for the squeamish... but I have to admit it was a pretty fun time despite it!
3	My review is only based on a MONDAY. I went this past Monday and there wasn't anyone specific performing or DJ-ing so just keep that in mind!Monday (Located inside MGM grand hotel)- Very empty and sparse. There were a few cabanas taken up and mostly everyone else was lounging by the pool area. I heard that they only allow girls in the pool but I guess since it was a Monday, guys can go in as well- Food is RIDICULOUSLY expensive. But that's what you can expect in Vegas at the day club I guess? I got a bowl of frozen grapes for $8 and a plate of chicken tenders for $18? Also, they give you a SMALL cup of ranch for 4 chicken tenders .... each refill of ranch was additional $2- Plus side is you don't have to buy water. You can save money by asking for a water cup & filling it up at the water fountain next to the bathrooms! Yeah, it's ghetto but I'm not gonna spend $14 on bottled water ....- There was no cover charge, even for guys cause I was able to get us all on the GL- Apparently, guys can NOT wear tanks ... but since it was Monday, the security said it was okay?- The pool area is very nice though. They have a section where you can lay there and the water is really shallow so you won't drown yourself even if you're sitting indian style. The pool itself is only 4 ft deep.- They have 2 lifeguards at all time watching, but really ... you can't drown unless your leg is cramping up?I would definitely give this try again on a different day. Maybe on a day where they have a famous DJ performing. But I won't go again on a Monday. Very empty and the music was average ..
3	Wet republic offers you some of the big name dj's in the world but that's about it. If you don't buy tickets in almost months ahead of time your probably not getting in.The venues offers you 2 large pools with only 1 bar for you to buy drinks. The drink prices are bout the same but do recommend tipping well other wise your drinks will be watered down. The staff was very could be bit more respectful but all around not to impressed with what wet republic has to offer.
3	Came here this morning/afternoon and gave it a 3 star because it was all for Steve Aoki being the DJ!!! I'm here for my bachelorette weekend and decided to come check him out live and he does NOT disappoint. The place itself is ridiculously packed and prices are OVER the top. We got in because we knew a promoter. A bottle of water was $15, drinks were $45 for probably a 32oz bottle. The pool is disgusting because people pee and most likely have sex in it...I would not suggest going inside the pool to dance or hang out. We had a great time  because Steve Aoki was DJ-ing! If you don't mind getting wet bodies rub up against you and overly priced drinks, then I would recommend checking this place out when there's a great DJ there!
2	Would have given it one star if it weren't for Calvin Harris and my friends. I was on a highly respected persons guest list for wet republic and when we got there we walked up to some goon worker to ask where the guest list line was, and he dismisses us, didn't look at us and said "it closed at 2"  and i said "its 5 minutes after 2" and this loser mocked me and and talked in a girl voice and said "Oh! I didn't know that omg!!"  Really loser? I told him whose list i was on and he pretended to not know who he was. It's my 25th birthday and I'm here with 5 beautiful women and this is how you treat your guests? So i called my contact and he told me to go straight in, to which the same loser employee would not let us go!! We ended up waiting two hours in line and had to pay a ridiculous price , and only saw calvin for 30 minutes. Every person who worked there was so rude. I had a horrible experience. Will never go back there. The pool is filthy, the drinks are overpriced, and i would over look all of that but i will not overlook rude disgusting employees. I am so polite and they made sure my birthday was horrible. If i spent all that money, i better be treated well. And i wasn't. Too bad.
1	Went saturday to see Hardwell. Very lame. Sound system sucked. Took 30 minutes to get in. Security has to frisk you and inspect everything. The list of rules goes on and on. People were getting in trouble for kissing too close...like it was a high school dance. Jack n coke and two waters cost $50. Our friend was kicked out cause he had a plastic bag. Pool was completely full of people and no place to put your stuff. It was lame. We left after 2 hours. Way overrated.
1	I will never go to this place again! I called to get info for the Calvin Harris concert and was told there were lounge chairs but they were first come first serve... So we got there when doors opened at 11 and there were NO chairs, unless I wanted to pay $3,000.00. They wouldn't let us leave to come back later on, once your in... your stuck, so we had to sit in the pool for 5 hours with no seats provided. So I would suggest coming later for an event, there is no point in rushing when you can't even grab a seat. The biggest problem I had there was the staff was extremely rude to people, although we didn't have issues with them directly, they were kicking people out for splashing in the pool!?! Drinks are way over priced! The one good thing I can say was we met some cool people here, just the staff and venue sucked!!!
1	Drinks are waaayyy overpriced. Bartenders will look your way and ignore you.Small space and so crowded your always bumping into someone. Drunken fools everywhere.The workers there are rude and wont help you.Depening on the DJs it is either a hit or miss.From my experience it was not worth the wait and the price.
3	I felt compelled to write a review to put some readers at ease.  I went this past weekend as part of a bachelor/bachelorette party and I was freaking out beforehand, having read all the poor reviews.We bought our tickets ahead of time and showed up at about 12:30.  It literally took us about 10 minutes to get through the multiple lines.  The staff was very helpful.  Yes, they seemed rushed, but they had to deal with a HUGE crowd, so I can't blame them for that.  I did not deal with a single rude staff member, however.I did buy a $40 locker and yes, that's a ridiculous price, but we had a large group and considering everyone in the group was able to use it, it made me feel better.  For the people that didn't get lockers, everyone just sort of lined their shoes up wherever they could.  It didn't seem to be a problem.Having read some of the prior reviews, I did buy a waterproof pouch for my cell phone.  My husband was making fun of me, but I got a lot of compliments on it.It took us all of 5 minutes to order our drinks, not 45 minutes like the other posts said.There really is no place to stand, but it was so hot, that it felt good to just hang out in the water. Music was pretty good.  All in all, it was an okay experience.  Day clubbin' is probably still not my thing, but it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.  For sure, they price guage like crazy though.  I think you just have to be prepared for that.
4	Aside from Drai's Rooftop Beach Club this is one of my favorite party pools in Vegas! My friends and I had a bungalow with a private pool and it was awesome! It's a little expensive but considering it's on the Strip it's expected... Great music and pretty people, what's not to like?!
4	This place is so fun! Be prepared to spend some money, though. Find a promoter and get in for free or at a discounted price. Depending on the day and who the DJ is, girls usually can get in for free and guys at a discounted rate. Otherwise if you don't do that, I would definitely buy your tickets online before you go. You'll save a ton of money. It doesn't take too long to get in but they are strict on what you can and can't bring with you. There's a few lines you go into before you actually get into the place. You can't bring a large bag (I wouldn't recommend it anyway. You'll be in a pool), no gum, no mints, no anything really. Once you get in, the party starts! There's a really large pool, plenty of people, a big bar and loud music! I'd get a locker for your stuff when you get in. It's $40 but it's worth it because you really don't want to leave your stuff on the floor or anywhere unattended. So many people will be here and you'll want to be in the pool not worrying about where your wallet is. Just split the price with a few people and keep your stuff safe for the day. It only accepts cards, though so be prepared for that. The bar is okay. It's Vegas, so expect to spend a lot of money on booze. I got the 32 oz. drink because I figured that the small drinks are $15 anyway... I might as well get a larger one with a lid and go to the bar less. You can get any drink you want in that size, so I got an adios to get more bang for my buck. Honestly though, it wasn't very strong. Nonetheless, it was just okay and this is a for profit place, so you can't really expect bangin drinks. This is a really fun place to go. It's a nice pool and a nice area with loud music. It's a party! The pool gets pretty gross as the day goes on, but when there's hundreds of people in it that's going to happen. Come here with money and a good attitude, get in the pool, splash around and you'll have a blast!!
4	Pretty cool....didn't go in the water for fear of getting several unknown diseases. Drinks are ridiculous but that's what you can expect. 80 bucks for 8 beers. No joke. Nowhere to sit, if you don't want to be shoulder to shoulder in the disgusting pool, and don't want to stand and dance all day, then get a cabana or an umbrella...if you've got the $$!!
3	My liver spotted hands are really struggling with conveying what my feeble brain is thinking about with how to rate Wet Republic, so I am going to give it 3 stars based on what the target party go-ers would be interested in not how my experience went. There are links below to 2 reviews which I think are the most helpful if you are planning on going. Note: a lot of people give the security people a hard time for being dick-ish, but if I had to babysit the crowd at Wet Republic, I'd be the same way - lol. We came to Vegas for a party weekend. We went to Hakkasan Friday and Saturday night and were there until they closed. We bought tickets for Steve Aoki in advance through Electronic Vegas/Want Tickets website. http://electronic-vegas.com/vegas-edm-event-calendar/ . I highly recommend you do this because there is a BIG difference between a Will-Call and Pre-Sale tickets. With the latter, which are tickets you actually pay for in advance, you skip the first set of lines which are LONG.That said, we hobbled passed the 100's baking in the sun just waiting to get in to pay. They are super strict about what you wear, especially guys. Guys do not wear any shorts over your swim trunks as they won't let you in unless you take them off right there in line. Girls the less the better it seemed.Anyway, we got into the second line which was INSANELY LONG, too and I truly felt like I was on a school trip to the water park. 70% of the people are in their 20's and 20% in their early 30's, the other 10% like us thought it would be fun and were 40+ and willing to give it a go. Well, after about 1 minute in the 2nd line and being told we have all our stuff "checked" for a fee, we bailed. It just wasn't comfortable. Don't get me wrong, we are not prudish, we club regularly and "roll" with the best of them, but this scene was definitely like a big frat party. If we were still into frat parties it would have been great.So, we fired up the HoverRounds and left out the back way. We had sat by the back Wet Republic emergency/security exit under the misters at the Lazy River pool the last two days and watched person after person being wheeled out by paramedics and a few escorted by the police (Sheriffs and hotel security). We sat there again this day and were able to enjoy the music, the lazy river, have our stuff with us and it was all good. We watched as quite a few of the 40+ crowd bailed out the back as well, but some braved the scene and I hope they had fun.Know before you go....- No joke, it's a 20-something's frat party (either you like that or you don't)- It's expensive once inside- Buy your tickets ahead of time and skip the line- enjoy yourself, you only live onceThese two reviews sum things up really well:http://www.yelp.com/biz/wet-republic-ultra-pool-las-vegas?hrid=KRe8TmiGoVdgNzKIFNxjgwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/wet-republic-ultra-pool-las-vegas?hrid=RkOX3i88YJMtYXcuzNfbZQ
1	I Pretty much hate this place. They need to employ professional staff and security, which they are clearly lacking. I was staying at MGM last week and decided to check out the pool party. I brought my 3 friends from Poland with me to wet republic. Upon going to will call for the tickets we purchased and checking our ID's, myself and my female friend had no trouble getting in, however our male friends were accused of having fake ID's. My friends offered to go get their pass ports but were upset about the discrimination. They were asked to leave because the security guard, Joe, said we were accusing him of being racist. He treated me and my friends like trash. I have never been so disrespected and personally offended. I can not say anything positive about this establishment after this encounter. If you still choose to go there, beware that they charge $40  for a small locker for your personal belongings. So in a nut shell, if you like unprofessional and rude employees and expensive prices, this is the place for you. Please people. Go where the people and staff are nice and respect their paying customers.  The encore is 100% better than wet republic. I have never had a problem there and have gone many times. I think I will stick to investing my money at the encore rather than be treated like trash at wet republic.
5	This is honestly the best time I have had in Vegas by far! If you are looking for a fantastic pool party then look no further than the (in)famous Wet Republic at MGM!My tip for this place? Either prepay tickets, get on the guest list, win the lottery and buy bottle service or turn up early.My partner, his friend and I first tried to get in on Friday 4th July to see Afrojack play and the line was absolutely ridiculous! We got told the club was at capacity and would have to wait 5 hours for even a chance of getting in. Wet Republic opens at 11am and we got there around 1/1.30pm so we decided to try again on Sunday 6th to see Tiesto.The next time was perfect! We arrived at 10.45am (we stayed at MGM so we were allowed to access the pool early), queued up and got in with minimal wait time and no issues. We found a little spot on the side of the pool and we stayed there all day, taking it in turns to mind our belongings. It got absolutely CRAZY and everyone was definitely having a good time although drinks are super expensive- on the plus side they are ridiculously strong, especially when you get the $38 yard glasses... they'll keep you going for a while.Be warned, if you are body conscious you may not enjoy this club until you get white girl wasted as the staff members are all absolutely gorgeous and the hostesses have the bodies of Greek Goddesses. The majority of the club goers are also stunning with "perfect" beach bodies and expensive looking swimsuits, there is a reason this place is a favourite amongst celebrities.Don't let it get you down though, it is honestly so much fun! The staff and all involved (in my experience) were super friendly, good fun and just wanted to dance around in a pool sipping drinks.
1	ok here we go...went this past weekend...my goons and I got in with VIP escort...or so we thought.  my dude had on Nike Board shorts, we're in line checking IDs and the bouncer starts feeling on his trunks, guy says "these are too casual"...#HUH my dude showed him the netting, told him there Nike swim shorts, not sure what else he could have done.   Bouncer apologized in advance but re-iterated that they were "too casual for this pool" he had to go back up to the room and change...minus 1 star......we VIP walk in, cant comment on wait times or lines, pools crazy, folks everywhere having a great time.  we quickly realize we need a locker because we want to get in the pool, lockers are $40...FORTY DOLLARS....minus 1 star....my buddies wife was dancing having a great time, next thing i know i look up and a bouncer is near her telling her to "grab her stuff", now im not sure what she did, i didnt see anything happen, maybe she fell down or tripped but I heard the bouncer say "grab your stuff, you're too drunk", homie everyone here having a blast is intoxicated, people trip, it happens, it doesnt mean shes hiding Molly in her snatch or snorting coke in the bathroom, let her just go back to partying, but no she got kicked out, for tripping or falling (speculation, but more likely than not)....minus 1 star.....and last but not least....actual lifeguards...like real life, lifeguards...with whistles and red floaties, in the water, blowing their whistles...im not even sure i have to waste anymore time writing...minus 1 star.....
2	Oh hey Wet Republic.  Shout out to your terrible business management.  I should have read reviews before planning to come, so shame on me. Bottom line is buy a presale ticket, especially if you are a guy. I saw some females getting charged $30 to get in....I was on guestlist and they wanted $60 at entry even though general admission was $40. Hmmm. Total waste of time trying to use logic.  Two stars for Steve Aoki though. This was drafted last summer by the way. Perhaps they have changed their sketchy ways.
3	I went for a Steve Aoki gig on a Sunday in June. I pre-bought the tickets online and arrived very early. There have been 2 Djs before him, who have been decent. Aoki was like 40 mins late, but did a good show. You almost have to be part of a group getting a table/cabana, because they don't let you stand or sit anywhere for more than a few seconds, except for the pool, which is entirely in the sun. There is a lot of security constantly pushing people around. The drinks are expensive, so are the cabanas/tables of which they have like about 60. Each of them was taken for the Aoki party, which was very crowded. So pre-book or come early, if you want to get a table. Getting a table will cost your group 1k-2k$.
5	We got in free so that's a plus, went through several security screens which was fine (safety first). After we got in found a spot quickly along the poolside.  Then we went to the bar to purchase our drinks, we got the souvenir cup which was pricey, but hey its vegas baby. Just make sure you get a strong drink.The DJ plays good music if your into pop/dubstep. I love all kind of music ad long as it's good. But overall good place to go to on a nice hot vegas day with your friends. Will def. Go again.
5	SO MUCH FUN!Went this past weekend for my friend's 21st birthday! We got there and the line was pretty long to get in. We bought our tickets online, so we got to skip through a few lines, so if you can, purchase ahead of time! If not, find a promoter, the strip is FULL of them! We stayed in line for about an hour, maybe a little more. What I did is I bought a waterproof pouch for my phone, that I doubled as a wallet, put my money and ID and didn't worry about them at all (found it on Groupon for $8). For drinks, we just got the large souvenir cup that costs like $35, you can get anything in it, so I got a margarita, which definitely had me going. My friends got the slushy, and they claimed that it barely had any alcohol. There are planters around that people left their shoes, coverups, etc. so we used that. Went into the pool and enjoyed the music. Calvin Harris was amaaaazing! We were living! Hot guys everywhere, great music, delicious drinks, I was in heaven! I didn't even want to leave.Can't wait to go back!Protip: Don't leave your souvenir cup on the edge of the pool if you're planning on taking it home, because it won't be there when you come back for it. :(
4	Came by on a Saturday afternoon with Calvin Harris as the headlining DJ and Burns as the opening DJ. Coming from the MGM Grand, there was a maze of outdoor walkways around the MGM pool to reach the Wet Republic entrance. There was a long line for guestlist and word on the street was that they were charging $175/guy.Fortunately, we bought online pre-sales at $75/guy and queued up on a much shorter line for ID and ticket check. Next, it was the security check line that somewhat reminded me of a TSA checkpoint...Once inside, there were plenty of people. The bouncers were surprisingly cool and friendly. They splashed water at the crowd near the front of the dance floor, to promote their theme of *WET* Republic? They also squirted water from bottled water into thirsty mouths... Their primary responsibility was to make sure things were kosher but they still partied with the guests.Calvin Harris put up a great performance during his first hour on stage, but it seemed like he got lazy during the second hour by playing the same/similar beat over and over again.
2	Out of all the pool clubs in vegas this one is SO SO. Had a bad experience with a terribly rude bartender. Did I mention the drinks are $40 ish dollars. Better experience with Daylight Club in Vegas better bartenders and pool water is MUCH cleaner. I wish I knew the name of the rude bartender because he treated my friends and I like complete TRASH. BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE BRO.
5	Partaking in day life was one of the things I really wanted to do on my trip to Vegas.  Mission accomplished.  Day life is not for everyone.  If going clubbing is not your thing then you really won't be interested in day clubbing.  Wet Republic is one of the many club day pools in Las Vegas.  Wet Republic is the day club for MGM.  I believe MGM guests have the privilege to get into line early as well as free or reduced entry.  Just like any clubbing in Las Vegas it is wise to show up early and get on the guest list.  This will increase your chances of getting in for free or a discounted price.  When planning your trip you need to be on the same page with all of the people going with you.  Day life can be crazy and it can get expensive.  If you're all not clear on what to expect then certain people within your party are bound to have a less than ideal experience.  I would start by reading as many reviews on Yelp as you can.  This will give you a good idea of the good and the bad.  I will try and outline a few things here but my experience, like many others here, will be different than the one you may experience.  1. Show up earlyLike I said showing up early will help your cause.  You will avoid the rush and perhaps be serviced by the Wet Republic members before they encounter some other rowdy party goers.  2. Get on a guest list or some type of guaranteed entryThe guest list is the cheapest option but may not guarantee you entry for free.  If you follow rule one being on the guest list will only help your situation.  If you disregard rule one then the guest list might not be as valuable of an asset.  If you want to show up later then I would recommend purchasing tickets or reserving a cabana.  If you are choosing the latter then you might not have any need to read the rest of my review as I don't know how that experience will be.  If you choose to purchase tickets than you will have to fork over a good amount of money.  Remember that drinks are not cheap so you will be spending even more money upon entrance.  3.  Dress the partVisit the Wet Republic website or again read reviews here to make sure that you are dressed properly.  Much like a night club, this day club is all about being fashionable.  You must wear cover ups to get in but bathing suits are obviously encouraged after entering.  Guys cannot wear regular gym shorts over or under swim trunks.  You must wear swim trunks.  Woman need to wear cover up items and again this is a fashion day club experience so don't be surprised if some people look like they are ready to hit the runway.  4.  Bring littleThey do have lockers and they may be affordable if you are coming in a large group but for $40 you may want to try and bring as little as possible.  If you don't show up early enough to stake out a spot on the edge of the pool then you may have no other option.  There are no places to sit or stand besides the pool, poolside, and the bar.  When I say sit I mean on the ground.  All other seating is only available for parties who have reserved cabanas.  So, I would just stick to bringing the clothes on your back, your phone, wallet(credit card) and that's it.  Anything additional leaves the chance to be dropped in the pool, lost, or stolen.  5. The crowdThe day I went was quite timid and I was there early and left early so I missed the large crowd.  I think this may be one of the better ways of doing day life if you are not the clubbing type.  Realizing the above, that there is no space and nowhere to sit/stand, you will be surrounded by people in the pool splashing everywhere and floating around drunk.  The water is dirty but most pools are dirty.  This just happens to form a thin film on the top of the water.  It is gross but it is not like you are swimming in this water.  There is a DJ and the music will be loud.  People may be dancing and splashing water.  It is a really fun experience that is only available in Las Vegas.Finally, I suggest that you try and just let go.  Have a good time and hope for the best.  If you are a hard time party goer than you will be prepared for this but if not it might be a surprise for you.  The drinks are expensive (have I said that yet?) but you have to get the $40 huge plastic cup drink.  I consider it a souvenir cup but I did see staff cleaning up stray cups so beware.  For this drink you can get whatever you want in it.  I know it sounds like a dream come true.  Any drink you want in a huge cup for only $40.  Okay maybe $40 is a lot but again it is a must do at least once no matter where you are in Vegas.  I chose to get a blue mother(you know the rest) and it was awesome.  Money semi-well spent and a really good time. *I came during the world cup final and they had the game on the huge jumbo tron that spans the front of the DJ booth area.
5	Wet Republic is my favorite day pool party hands down. My friend and I went to Wet Republic to see Hardwell ! (Somewhere around July 2013....yeah I'm writing this review late -_-) Definitely show up early because the line is going to be long. We got there super early so there wasn't any line to wait. Also we got our tickets ahead of time. The crowd over there was super friendly and fun to chill with (good vibes) But half way throughout the day, the pool gets super warm and it sort of gross. I believe a bucket of beers are $50 when we went there...I don't know if they jack up the price or not. Oh, also if you want to keep your wet republic bottle, I suggest you guys put it in the locker because there are staff that take away the bucket/the wet republic bottle if they see that it was finished.
2	Not much to say about this joint.  I'm not sure what the draw is.  The same song plays all day.  And not exaggerating,  smells like an outhouse up in here.  It's like a club- overcrowded, extreme lines, overpriced, and full of d bags.  Except here everybody danced in the community toilet.  It might be your thing, but it sure as hell isn't mine.  Picture of frozen daiquiris will set you back a hundred bucks.  WTF!  It gets two stars cuz I wouldn't have believed it if I didn't see it.  Checked off the list. Never going back, even if someone paid me to do it.
1	This is one of those places that doesn't deserve any star. The type of people that go there are probably the ones that don't really care about costumer service at all.I went to the MGM pool party  at the beginning of July to see Calvin Harris, we were really excited about it, but the disappointment started when we saw the length of the queue, ridiculously long. Anyway, there was nothing that could be done, but standing . After queuing and dropping bags and paying for it we eventually got into the pool area, that day was about 43degrees and we went to the bar to get something to drink, what a joke, it took about 20 to 30 min to get the barman's attention and he gave us Vodka instead of water and we were charged $15 for 2 small bottles. The frustration was taking over and we decided to talk to the manager, they should've had a visible water point with easy access and that's what we were trying to tell him, but he was the rudest person in the world and we felt that all the excitement we had earlier on was absolutely gone, that's when we asked for a ticket refund and he literally laughed at us, trying to say... "Are you kidding me? You are the only one complaining, f*****.So, our conclusion is. MGM pool party is for the very young ones that don't give a S*****.Go to the pool at the Wynn and pool party at Encore, classy.
5	Wet republic at the MGM is possibly the best pool club in the country. Its one of the biggest 21+ pools in vegas. There are plenty of day beds and bungalows if u have the money to burn. If not, no worries the pool is big so be there are plenty of places to sit along the pool and relax. The bar is huge and never gets over crowded. Hot 100 on fridays brings the best looking girls in the country. Saturday and sunday has top DJs. Expect to pay 20-40 to get in and about $15 per drink. Normal prices for most of the pools in vegas.
4	Lots of bad reviews here on WetRepublic, and I wanted to set the record straight.  First off, we saw Steve Aoki there on June 29th, 2014. I read the reviews beforehand so I was fairly worried about this place. My wife however really wanted to go, just to say we've finally been to a pool party. Things to note:1) It's EXPENSIVE - Tickets, drinks, water. . .etc . . .EXPENSIVE2) Did you see note 1? Yeah, I want it to sink in.  EXPENSIVE. Beer outside Wet Republic is $5, inside, $15. The lockers are $40, and they can force you to get one if your bag is too big. Pack light.3) It does get crowded4) Don't touch the pool, no really, it's pretty gross5) Line to get in can be horrific!"Man!" you're exclaiming, "That sounds horrible, why 4 stars?". Cause it was worth it IF you do it right.First off, don't bother hitting Friday or Saturday. It's way too crowded and the line will be horrific. Sunday is the only day to go.Second, get a  cup of ice with water the minute you get in. If you are cheap, just refill the cup from the drinking fountain (it's by the bathrooms). The cheapest drink is $15, so pre-game a drink or two before you get in.Third, stay close to the stage, far right, or far left hand side. This will be a shaded area, and be close enough for you to enjoy the music, the CO2 blasters, and the bouncers spraying everyone with water.Fourth, relax. You didn't come to Vegas to save money; live a little, enjoy Aoki throwing cake at the audience and spinning some killer beats! The entire crowd was jumping for the entire time he was on stage, so yeah, 4 stars!
1	Worst experience ever do not go here I repeat do not go here. rude staff, rude employees.....rude rude rudeThree lines to get into the pool area first line is for the admission. second line is for your coat/bag check and third line is for getting into the pool. Total: 1.5 hours. Such a buzzkill Drinks were $45 for a Slurpie drink tasted like cough syrup absolutely horrible. The other drink was a simple vodka soda and it was also terrible.  Why charge that much for a disgusting drink. Do not waste your time going here. There are tons of better places to go in Vegas do not go here. Plus I'm VIP in Vegas. Really now? The staff was ridiculously rude. They don't give a single care about paying patrons. Never ever going here and telling my entire Vegas network to not go here.
4	One of the best dayclubs in my opinion! Great stage setup and the sound quality is great compared to other pool parties. The one thing I didn't like is if you are waiting for a main Dj to perform, they will not go on until 4 so don't get their too early. We never got to see the main Dj to perform because we got there around 12 and the sun was draining
4	If you know me, you are already wondering why I gave 4 stars to a pool. To a club. To a place that is everything I despise - sun, water, obnoxious people, annoying music that is too loud, etc...Well, it gets four stars because I was in a private bungalow. I have no idea what that costs, their website gives you zero pricing information, but Google searches tell me it is anywhere between $5k and $10k. So if you have that kind of money to blow on a pool experience, by all means, blow it here.BF's work took us on a mini vacation to Vegas and hanging out here was one of the planned activities. We said we weren't interested, but we were persuaded to at least check it out. I was glad we did. The bungalows are spacious and very posh. I was able to avoid the sun, and even though it was 106 outside, it felt about 85 in the bungalow due to the ceiling fan with a mister. The good:The bungalow was large, we had I believe 22 in our party and space was not an issue.If you are into the sun, you have a private area to lay out, or a private jacuzzi to hang out in.There is a TV if you want to watch something. Not that you would be able to hear it, lol.They give you a massive bowl of fresh fruit upon your arrival, and smaller bowls of frozen grapes, which are promptly replenished if they run out. We wanted for nothing, if we ran out of alcohol, more was brought to us. If we wanted a drink, a bikini clad lady would whip it up for us.The food we had for lunch was great - sushi, a chilled seafood platter, chicken fingers, sandwiches, fries, fish tacos - all very tasty.There is a private bathroom you share with the other bungalows, so waiting in line isn't really an issue since you aren't sharing with the hundreds of people at the pool. The bad:The security is beyond ridiculous. You cannot bring in a bottle of water or chap stick. My boyfriend couldn't bring his e-cig, but people were allowed to bring in cigarettes. If you have anything they don't allow in, you will need to check your items (and pay $10 for a locker). My advice? Bring your cell phone, ID and sunblock, cause nothing else is getting in. It's WAY too loud. Maybe that's just my old lady attitude talking, but really, it's a bit much. We stayed about three hours and I was yelling so much to talk to people that three days later, I still have a hoarse voice. Since this is hardly my scene, I don't think I would come back - even if we had a bungalow. It was a nice thing to experience once, but I would rather be in a dark casino than out there.
4	This pool is one of the largest ones in Vegas. Two different pool areas and then bungalows with private spa areas. The venue is huge and there is plenty room along the pools. Of course, getting a daybed with a large group is the best way to go. The staff will really take care of you and the chicken tenders on the menu are to die for! Or maybe I was just starving after 4 non-stop hours of frozen drinks... Regardless, the only downfall will be if you get stuck in line. It will take forever and they will go through everything you own and throw away your medicine, gum, tic tacs, etc. Just bring your ID, credit card, and phone!
3	Got in around 2:30pm. No lines no waiting. Only thing is if your on a VIP list we have to be there before 2pm. So we had to pay. :/ may want to let people no that. Inside the pool set up are good with the DJ in the middle of the main pool. Drinks are pricey. $80 buck for 2 frozen cocktails but that was expected from a place like this. Lockers are $40. I just laughed and walked away. A little ridiculous. Over all atmosphere is great. Everyone is there for fun and a good time.
5	Second time at Wet Republic. One of my fave pool party destinations. (Besides Surrender @ Encore) I was there for Labor Day ( Calvin Harris turning it up) Had a blast! #1 DJ, pool, sun, mix crowd of people, everyone having a great time. What's not to like. Lines to access wet republic were not long (if you have pre-purchase tickets). Security check point was a little wait. All the personnel @ wet republic were cool and helpful. Be ready to pay $$$ for drinks. Kinda pricey. $36 for a plastic souvenir cup. Good thing is you can fill it with whatever choice of booze you want. I personally ordered an Adios M**ther F****er! Make it work it right?   Overall, great fun experience.
4	Labor Day Weekend 14' As stated above, I came here on  Labor Day Sunday to catch Martin Garrix's set! Music: As a fellow Martin Garrix fan, I  was disappointed with his set.  I loved all the songs he used but  the transition in between songs were just off . I believe that this is one of the most lackluster sets I have ever seen him play. Drinks: There are three options when purchasing drinks, the regular 8 oz cup which was $18, the refillable cup was $39, and the pitcher for $78. My friend and I opted for the refillable cup and got the watermelon mojito and strawberry dacquiri both drink were strong but not too much. However, the blended strawberry drink was really disappointing. It just tasted like a strawberry slurpee with no alcohol in it so I would say skip out on this one. ( Tip: you can get any drink for the refillable cup and it will still be the same price, so for those who like a strong drink get the AMF for that particular cup)Venue: The venue was really huge and looked great! An additional plus was that both pools remained clear for the majority of the time I was there which was a nice change to the murky waters I have experienced in the past. Guest List: Arrive early! I was told by my promoter to arrive by 10:30am  and let's just say the line started to get longer by 11 am. I sat for about 6 hours before Garrix came out, but it is well worth going through the potential hassle of waiting in the long line forever!Final Verdict: I love the venue and will come back here again!
4	This place was alright.  I can't say it's entirely my scene--lot of douchey guys dancing like tools, scantily clad women in next to nothing, and oodles of drunk people flapping about in the pool.  But this past weekend we went and I attempted to set much of that aside and have fun with 12 of my best friends. Someone in our group knew someone who could get us in without the hassle of waiting in line--which was great by the way.  I can't stand these clubs where you stand outside for hours, like a monkey on a rope, waiting for someone to hand you a banana.  Forget that.  Find yourself a promoter, give them some money, and avoid the wait.  You'll thank me.  So we got in without much difficulty and were promptly shown to our seating area directly next to the DJ booth.  Very nice and shaded which I appreciate as the sun and I don't exactly get along.  Lots of room to sit on couches, with little drawers beneath them to stuff your phones/wallets in and avoid the $40 lockers.  The music was good, crowd was a bit slow at first but picked up after an hour or so, and the water was clean.  Drinks were ridiculously priced, but the food was solid and hit the spot.  We somehow managed to overcharge our $1,500 entrance/cabana/food/drink cost by an additional $700 but I tend to believe they kept bringing buckets of beer and food out without being told.  And the chicken strips were literally full-sized chicken breasts.  I'm not kidding.  I honestly don't know if I'd ever go back, but it was certainly an experience I won't forget.
5	Day clubs is soo much better than night clubs!I had an awesome first time experience at Wet Republic and can't wait to go back. We went on a Sunday Funday to see Sunnery James & Ryan Marciano. It wasn't too crowded but that's great. So here's the deal: you want to party for cheap, you can get on the guestlist and arrive early. Just keep in mind that you may be waiting for a while before the main dj comes on if you really care for the dj. If you want to show up later and not have to wait in the guestlist line, then buy your pre-sales. I was fortunate enough to get hooked up by Lyfred who promotes for Wet Republic so contact him if you may need anything!Drinks here are EXPENSIVE so pre-game a little if you can. You can buy a souvenir cup for $40 that's refillable with any drink you want. We spent almost $40 on 2 blended drinks that tasted like there was zero alcohol in there so trust me, that cup is worth it.I love the lay out of this place and how you can see the dj whether you're in the pool or out. It is definitely a fun environment. All the staffs were very friendly and helpful. Some were even dancing along, looking like they're having fun. I can't wait to come back.
1	Had a reserved daybed, including an emailed confirmation. After wasting an hour, in the miserable heat, they come and tell us they resold our bed for 5k and our group will have to go GA!!Terrible service, and appeared WAY overcrowded. Ratio was 80% guidos.EBC or MDC are much better choices.
3	What a great time! Too bad we had to stand on line in 110 degree weather for over 1 hour even though we had prepaid tickets. We witnessed 3 girls fainting because of the heat.  They should have a roof over a section of this or at least some fans with mist b/c they have to do something about this line.  Other than that, they have lockers inside so it's all very organized. The drinks are huge ($38) and come in a protected plastic bottle that can be brought into the pool without having to worry about pool water getting into it. We had a very fun time at the pool, even though it was crowded b/c there was a famous EDM DJ there that day.  People do get a bit out of control and throw beer cans around (one hit my friend in the head) but this is the most 'dangerous' thing that can happen b/c they conduct a thorough search at the door. The water does get disgusting after a while so go early! Get a cabana or finding a place to sit is impossible.
4	Had a great time at the first Wet Republic at night w/ Tiesto on 9/16.Guest list was massive with a posted wait of 90 minutes at 11p. Best bet is to go General Admission or pony up for bottle service.
1	Went to the Tiesto night and the music was amazing. As an owner of a suite 365 days a year and for the past 2 years I was shocked as my home overlooks Wet Republic and watch each day the excitement and listen to the great music. However, there was one employee in a red shirt who approached me and two of the other owners and said you have to leave and were escorted out. The reason was "splashing" which is the most lame excuse I have ever heard of, as was over 20 of my friends and other owners attending said really was nothing more than age, size and gender discrimination, all agreed this is and was the case. Unless your a 6 star hot looking in appearance the DO DISCRIMINATE
3	Get your tickets before hand. It will save you a long wait time and the possibility of not getting in. Either way you still have to wait in a huge line. Once you're in, be ready for a good time. Just keep your eyes on your stuff because GHETTO people think its cute to steal sandals, blouses, phones and wallets!Its better if you have a table or cabana. I honestly hate going in the pool because for one its dirty and filthy (gross), drunk people splash you in the freeken face, and there is no room to move or dance!Drinks are also crazy expensive. My bf paid $96 for 2 Ciroc Red Berry Sprites that were mainly filled with ICE! However, their resident DJs include Tiesto, Afrojack, Steve Aoki and sometimes Hardwell so thats why they get 3 stars. Even though this place has a lot of negatives you are guaranteed a GOOD TIME!
2	4 of us staying at MGM were approached by a promoter to get on the guest list for the next day's daytime pool party for free 11am-2pm. We were checking out that day so it was cool to get to swim again before heading out.I am still annoyed at the check in process. Since I had checked out of the hotel I had my full purse with me and they went through it with extreme detail. They threw out all the tissues in my bag (I get bad allergies), an individual wrapped mint, 1 jolly rancher, and my hand sanitizer. They say no outside food/drinks and that's understandable but a mint, tissues, and hand sanitizer? What did they think I would do, throw it in the pool? My boyfriend didn't like they way they opened and went through his wallet and could see all his cash. He had a box with a few granola bars in it because we didn't have breakfast and intended to enjoy them by the resort pool just after the club but they wouldn't let us take it in and of course, didn't throw the box out. I guarantee they ate them when we were out of sight.We got there around 12 on a Wed and the place was really dead, just a few girls in a cabana and tons of cookie-cutter look alike employees standing around (seriously, every girl was blonde and every male had big muscles and short spiky brown hair). Every seat had a reserved sign and we just wandered about looking confused until I finally flagged someone down and asked what is up. We were allowed to put our stuff right next to the pool on the ground where it could possibly get wet. We decided to go swimming a bit since we had already been through the awful security deal and the water the the perfect temperature. That's the only reason for the second star in my review. More people did start to slowly show up and swim but it was pretty boring and we didn't even bother trying to see how expensive food or drinks were. We left and went to the lazy river and had way more fun.
1	WORST CLUB IN ALL OF LAS VEGAS!!! Seriously, don't waste a dime here. Came out to Vegas for a birthday weekend and had pre-purchased Calvin Harris tickets at around $100 and waited in line only to not be let in for their own reasoning... No refund, nothing. The patrons are almost as bad as the staff here, looks wise and persona wise. We had an amazing time at Encore and XS however so take your money there. However if you're down to drop a few grand on horrid looking people and a terrible venue... This is your place!!! This seems like the place to be for the socially awkward and desperately thirsty crowd. If I could give this place 0 stars, I absolutely would! Never in the many times have I been to Vegas have I been so dissatisfied with a venue and its service and care for their own paying patrons.
4	Pool party for the win here!  The main pool is very big and spacious!Their icy freeze drink are expensive - try $40 a pop for the big ones!
5	Closing Weekend: Guest List: Biggest mistake ever.. I showed up around 11:45am and it took a whopping 45 minutes to get in. Get to the dayclub early to avoid the long wait!Music: Calvin Harris was playing of course.. This was my first time seeing him and I must say he has lived up to my expectations! On top of that, everyone that I encountered that day were all pleasant. I was in awe at how calm the fans were, this aspect definitely made my experience more fun and enjoyable.Venue: I decided to stay out of the pool that day and decided to join the crowd in the front of the stage. Surprisingly, the area was super roomy everyone had enough room to jump and dance with no problem. I will probably start doing this more often, because there is shade here as well so there is a lesser chance I will get sunburned. Final Verdict: This experience has definitely made me love this dayclub even more. I will definitely be coming back next season !
4	Drinks were yummy! Crowd was great! Tiesto was amazing as always! Security needs to relax a bit, you would have thought they were secret service by the way they were handling themselves. Also the merch dept is slacking. Restock your sizes!
5	Absolutely.  Yes.  A massive dace floor in a pool.  This was the best time we had in Vegas and was totally unexpected.  We were here for Calvin Harris and came back to party the day away the next day.  The crowd was incredibly fun; we met up with some wildly fun people and had an incredible time.  Loved the music and the space.  I am back to Vegas in January and wished the weather was warmer so we could go back.
