3	Once a month or so, Yahoo rates "the best of ___" in various cities across America. I am reading  the best pizza joints in cities and I see Anthony & Mario's listed as the best place in Las Vegas. I think wow !! I can't wait to try it out, so on my last visit to the city I travel up Charleston Blvd. past the Palace Station ( pre O J ) and find the pizzeria tucked away in a small strip mall. A small little pizza shop selling pizza by the slice is not exactly what I envisioned as what the "best pizza in Vegas," was going to look like. Yes, I expected something gaudy and pretentious like in the rest of the city. Their menu is varied and we tried a calzone - very nice; and a few pieces of pizza by the slice. The nice thing about A&M's is that for a modest price they will enhance your basic slice of cheese pizza with the toppings of your choice.  When my hamburger mushroom and black olive masterpiece arrived at the table, it was loaded or virtually smothered in toppings. The pizza was excellent. What more can you say. The atmosphere is what you would expect from a pizza front selling pizza by the slice - it might even remind you of "New York". The staff is very friendly and helpful and they helped make the experience much better than my initial impression after such a huge build up on Yahoo - but then again, it might just be Yahoo .........If you are in the need for a couple of large pieces of pizza, done to your style, then this is the place for you. It just might take you some time to find it.
4	i ordered for delivery a Baked Ziti,with marinara sauce, 10 garlic knots and a side salad-plus a drink all for under $11, ($10 minumum) they had it to me within 20 minutes and it was hot & tasty. way too much food for any one person to consume. The delivery guy was nice & friendly.I have ordered the pizza from here before both the sicilian style and their Broadway special-they use sliced sausage,pepperoni and meatballs. The pizza is great NY style but I prefer the traditional over the sicilian. Calzones are always a winner and philly cheese steak sandwiches have been fairly good too.
5	great place for pizza.i always get 2 slices for around $5.nice thin and crispy crust with a light sause,just the way i like it.they have table service and delivery(even to my downtown hotel)
5	I have been eating at Broadway since they opened in ~97.  A quick check of my Quicken shows that I have spent $7400 there to date.  I know everyone there, and everyone there knows me and my family.  Anthony and Mario are usually there (one or the other), and are real nice guys, very friendly. This is classic comfort food.  If you are tired of corporate chain-food, and are looking for a neighborhood establishment to frequent, this is the place.  My wife likes the Ziti, and I like everything else.  At Christmas time, they had T-Shirts that said "Knotty or Nice" (a reference to their very popular Garlic Knots).  I picked up two for my kids, to advertise for the place.Ok, enough atmosphere, how about the food?  The pizza is delicious, has a very back-east taste to it.  The pastas are all quite satisfying, and the knots are a treat.  The salads are basic (all iceberg, no romaine), but decent.  And they have Yoohoo.  Who doesn't crave a Yoohoo every now and again?Things that could be better?  Well, I wish one of their neighbors would move out, so they could expand the dining room.  This place is jumping for lunch and weekend dinners.  More room would be good.  And I wish they were closer to my house.  I drive clear across town to eat here.  :)I reserve 5 stars for only my favorite haunts, and this is one of them.
2	I really would have liked to find this neighborhood restaurant was great, but I'm afraid it's average at best.  I've tried the pizza and ziti.  The pizza is supposed to be NY style which I prefer.  The crust is thin, but you have to look hard to find the tomato sauce and what sauce there is rather bland.  The mushrooms and meatball toppings were sliced razor thin.  Left in the fridge, the remaining pizza had the texture and taste of cardboard.Likewise the sauce on the ziti was pretty much spice free.  I think a bulb of garlic left at this restaurant would probably become a family heirloom to be passed down from generation to generation.All in all the food's a little too bland for my taste, but this place must have people who like it since it has been operating at this site for many years.
1	Stay Away from here!!  Don't eat Here!!I wish they had a Zero Star rating!!! Horrible, Horrible!! Our party of four ordered pizza and an order of fries to be delivered to our hotel off the downtown strip on Friday night, on recommendation from the bell desk. First when we called to order they said it would take anywhere from 45min-1 hour to get to us, and we would have to wait in the lobby for the driver. OK, so it's our weekend in Vegas, and we had to wait in the lobby for an hour, I thought OK.. I can see that, it's a busy night with traffic and all. So we ordered our pizza, and waited, waited and waited.. Did I say we waited??? OK, it took over two hours for the driver to deliver our food. We all rushed up stairs to eat, cause we were starving. The pizza was $20 bucks, and the fries $3. We got up to the room and the freaking pizza was stone cold. We opened the french fries, and OMG, so nasty.. The fries were drenched in grease from sitting, stone cold, and rubbery, not eatable. No one dared to touch those.. We did eat the pizza, but because we where hungry.. It wasn't good either.., tasted like it sat around for a few hours.. you know those party days where you wake up the next morning and eat a piece of pizza, a little stale, and hard.. yeah.. that's what I'm talking about. That night, I didn't want it to ruin my night, so we partied.. Anyways the next morning I got to thinking that was just wrong.. Why did we pay $30 for crap food like that, and how can they have given us cold food?? I was very calm, and wanted to give the resturant some feedback to how I was feeling.I called the restaurant, and before I could even tell the lady my complaint or what order I was calling about, she cuts me off and pretty much tells me I'm lying.. I've worked in customer service for over 15 years now and know the standard of how to treat a customer, blah blah blah, Oh I'm so sorry about that...smile.(wink).. but no,  I was really Mad by how rude she was treating me over the phone, and told her it's nice that her customer service skills don't included listening to the customer. I would not recommend this pizza place to anyone!! Stay Away! Unless you like cold food, rude employees, and enjoy waiting for hours... Seriously Zero Stars!!!
5	This place is quite possibly the one of the best pizzas Ive had in Las Vegas. I started going here about five years ago and they haven't lost there touch. They offer thin crust pizza with lots of cheese. The best chicken fingers Ive tasted anywhere and the Knots are a good addition too.
5	I always enjoy stopping by to grab a large cheese pizza and garlic knots.  Always very friendly and the pizza is great.  Lunch specials are awesome and the place is always packed so it's hard to find a table while all the medical staff from the neighboring hospitals come over.
5	Discovered this place recently by mistake.  OMG.  It's so darn good.  They make a veal parmagiana sub.  That's so old school!  The thing is stuffed with lightly breaded veal, a hunk of mozzarella, and oozing sweet garlic tomato sauce.  I'm addicted to my veal parm sub and a plain cheese slice.  The plain slice is all you need to give everything else on the menu a try.  So delicious.  I need to stay away from this place or I'll be huge in no time.  Nice people work there too.
5	This is Broadway's 2nd location. Pizza is as NY style as it gets in the middle of a desert. You can get 2 HUGE, actually tasty, slices of pizza and a drink for 5 bucks and some change for lunch. That alone gets all my stars.Will definitely come back for more. Family owned independent business woohoo!They also deliver to pretty much anywhere in Vegas (including my house that nobody delivers to!) so that is a bonus.
4	I am very tempted to give this 5 stars...  Everyone is looking for a good pizza joint and I think this will do the trick.  The atmosphere was ok a little on the run down side.  The service was good.The menu was a mess - but popping off the menu was the "lunch special" and since it was lunch time it made sense.  2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink for $5 ans some change.  NOt bad.  I added sausage for $1.  The slices are generous and they were very generous with the topping.Okay - The pizza was excellent!  Thin crust with some crunch and it held up with out flopping.  Nice flavor too.  I am not sure how to describe good sausage other than it tasted good... so the sausage was good.Overall - This is a must on the Vegas Pizza circuit!
5	So I haven't updated this review in a while, and thought I should mention that they have resolved my one gripe, location.  I used to have to drive clear across town to get my Broadway fix, but last year, they opened a location at Sahara and Cimmaron (right down the street from me).Same food, different place.  Many of the people there are splitting shifts from the other location, so many of the same faces.  I am almost reticent to tell anyone about this location, because it isn't nearly as busy and location #1 yet.  But if it's kept secret, they won't be able to afford to keep it open, and that would be worse, I guess.Oh, and I think the mural is almost done too, looks good so far.One last thing worth mentioning:  In my early travels to Broadway, I found myself having a hard time choosing between their Rolls (a rolled up pizza of sorts) and the Chicken Fingers (spicy!).  So rather than choosing, I came up with my own creation:  The Spicy Chicken and Pepperoni Roll.  It's the best of both worlds.  It's pizza with chicken fingers in it.  As if either wasn't bad enough for you.  If you like both things, try it.  Yummy for my tummy.  I see Yelp is doing photos now, so next time I am over there, I will upload a photo of this masterpiece.  Oh, and the other great part is that it is pretty frickin huge, which means I always take half of it home.  Nowadays that's part of why I get it, because I have half for later.  Can you say Fourthmeal?  After an evening of WoW, I'm cravin me some spicy chicken and pepperoni roll.Man, I'm ready for some lunch.
1	Listen up! Just because the pizza restaurant people are from New York don't always expect the pizza will be good. There are plenty of awful pizza restaurants in New York. I know, I lived there most of my life. This place is just mediocre and I don't eat there any more.
5	The garlic knots are amazing. Order the zeppoles at your own risk. They are fantastic, but there is no personal-sized order. Sausage, meatballs, and pizza are all excellent. Locally owned. Great little spot. And the owner's son plays the Beatles on his keyboard a few times a month.
4	So the other day, I was starving at work and had no idea what to get for dinner. One of the girls was going out and had no idea what she was getting either. She was telling me that it was gonna be pizza or sandwiches. She was telling me that she was probably gonna get pizza from Broadway Pizzeria. I told her that I had never heard of the place but pizza did sound good. So we drove over to the pizza place and were debating whether or not to go in or get something else. I told her that I was debating about going to Starbucks as well. Well needless to say, we went into Broadway Pizzeria and each got a slice of pizza and chicken fingers. She ordered a slice of cheese pizza and original chicken fingers with ranch. I ordered a pepperoni slice with mild sauce on my chicken fingers and got ranch to go with it... I LOVED IT... One of the other girls at work was telling me about the spaghetti from there as well... OMG.. I am gonna have to try that next. We were so happy to hear that deliver that we are making plans to order so from there and have it delivered. The pizza was kinda greasy, but it was fantasticly delicious. The chicken fingers were even better. Thanks to friend, I found a new pizza place to order pizza from instead of pizza hut or dominos.
5	Been living in Vegas for close to 20 yrs., and this pizza is as close as you will get to visiting NY! It's my favorite place for pizza, and will always be.  If you go at lunch time M-F, expect to wait in line since the word has spread around and everyone wants the same thing you do. Keep it up, Broadway Pizzeria!!
4	This place has a real New York Pizzeria vibe going for it, right down to the New York accents flaunted by some of the employees. While I've never visited New York, if the food is half as good as Broadway Pizzeria, you can count me in! We ordered the Hero Sandwiches since they were on special that day. They were excellent, my favorite being the meatball. After seeing the traditional New York style pizza slices come out the window however, I was really wishing I'd gone for some good ol pizza! I'll be trying a slice of the goods next time I'm in.
5	Lunch time.......work close by..choice between port a sub and broadway pizza....I made the RIGHT CHOICe. Lots of pizza joints in town. Big name and mom/pop. Have lived here for 7yrs, before in Jersey for 13. This is as good as it can get for NY style pizza...all I can say is WOW!! Perfect crust, perfect sauce..went simple  slice pepperoni, olives/mushrooms. This was fantastic..pepperoni not greasy. Cooked up perfect. You order what and how much you want. If you want to eat pizza as it was originally designed by God this is the place to go. BTW they have a huge menu, so if pizza is not your thing, have no doubt you'll find whatever else you might crave. Enjoy...................
5	When it comes to pizza, it's not Vomito's or Pizza Slut... it's Broadway Pizzeria for me! It's about as close to New Yawk pizza without having to go there. When I came back to Vegas on home leave from Kwajalein, it was at least one night a week during my vacation where we stopped at Broadway for a couple of slices after my younger brother got off work at the Palace Station. I still owe 'em a picture wearing my 'Peace, Love and Pizza' T-shirt from Broadway Pizzeria on the beach at Kwajalein. I'll make sure to get one done before I come back!
5	Bomb!!!! This was the best pizza I had ever had!!!! The crust was perfectly cooled and the sauce was to die for!! The staff was friendly and very personable. A++++
1	The worst pizza I've ever had. It makes Totino's taste gourmet.It was soggy and just tasted terrible. We also got the combo appetizer. With the exception of the fried zucchini, everything was bland and hub says the mozzarella sticks were reheated.Oh and on the vegetarian pizza I said twice, no peppers. Guess what was all soggy and gross on my pizza? Peppers!And this place came highly recommended - we stayed with a friend while in Vegas last weekend.
5	Gumbare! You talkin' to me? Are you talkin' to me? Yeah, this is the real $hit people. NY pizza all the wayyyyyyyy! The entire menu is original, no joke. Don't let the other fools in Vegas fool you. This is the real she-bang. The zeppoles are like love in your tummy, you have to order them and the cannolis. YUM all over the place. :)
5	This is my all time favorite pizza place in Vegas - definitely true New York pizza. I have been eating here since they opened and will eat here until I die (or until they close...whichever comes first).Thin crust with the best cheese I have ever tasted. I don't know what kind of cheese they use but it's awesome. The garlic knots are warm buttery love! It's especially great after a night of drinking...they're open late, so we usually pick up a pizza on the way home from
5	I like this place for its consistency.For the last 12 years I've been coming here. The  pie is always the same.Generous toppings,Good crust,sauce.You get a solid pie for your money.It's not the foldy NY thin and airy aristocrat snob pie.It's Vegas,tasty,get your belly full better than average.Much better than average pie.Like an old friend who you can count on when the others let you down.And for partys or get togethers, You gotta try their Sicilian pies, Unbelievable!
4	I have heard about Broadway Pizzeria for years know from new yorkers. I was in the area so we decided to get a pizza to go. We got a cheese pizza and it was great!!! The place was packed and it was only about 4pm. The staff was very friendly. As i recently became vegetarian and trying to become a vegan i will return about one more time as i am not going to eat dairy anymore. I sure wish i started to go there years ago, as everything looked great. My three year old who is not a big eater ate two giant slices. What more can you say considering most pizza she eats she will only take a couple of bites. I am originally from the philly-new york area and it does rank up to the good pizza places back there.
5	Normally we wouldn't spend $40 on pizza...but seeing as the wife and I were still drunk and hungover from our New Years Eve we decided to make an exception. 7 months later and we still talk about this place whenever we have pizza here in Arizona. The delivery charge was $6 plus a $6 tip so the $40 would really have been $28 for a large pizza, mozzarella sticks, bread, and a 6 pack of soda. Really great price and value, even at $40 I felt like we got our moneys worth and more. can't wait to get back to LV in July.
4	Totally great cheese slice!  Can't beat the price.  Strip center ambience but who cares when the food is this tastey!
4	So I just came back from NY like a week ago and I was already jones-in' for some NY-style pizza. Yelp to the rescue! This place is close to my school too, so I stopped by on my way out. I got a pepperoni to-go. It was only $3.50 with a can of soda! That's a deal!! The pizza is yummy with a nice crispy crust. Best part is that it's not overly greasy. I didn't feel like I was going to die after eating this. Highly recommend!!
4	Really enjoy having pizza here!  It feels like a true pizzeria!  Their garlic knots are to die for!  My husband and I went to Springs Preserve to a beer tasting.  All of the vendors had insane lines for food.  Good for them, bad for us!  After we left, this was the closest pizzeria I could think of.  I used to work near here and would frequent it.  I forgot how good it was!  My husband was impressed such a good pizza shop was in such an obscure strip mall/grocery store complex.  They have really good combos and reasonable prices.  It's not on our side of town but I'm sure we'll have to make a point of going back!  Do not forget an order of the garlic knots!!!!
4	Great pizza, and salad
5	Ok so I'm an east coast transplant who absolutely loves a good slice of pizza. I've tried a few places that claimed to be "New York" style but none of them came close until I came across Broadway Pizza. It's a little slice of heaven that soooo reminds me home. I like to come here pretty often for lunch. Luckily it's a few minutes from my office. Don't come here looking for fancy decor. Not much to look at on the inside. It's a pizza shop. Doesn't try to be anything it's not. The slices are big and the toppings are generous. And the cheese... ah the cheese. It's just right. I can't say how many times I've had pizzas here and the cheese just seems kind of goopy. Also try the garlic knots. They are a must! Even if you aren't in the mood for pizza, you cannot leave there without at least trying one.
4	This is a little gem in the world of pizza. It is tucked away in a strip mall near a Dotty's and a Roberto's. I was referred to by a friend who said they have some of the best calzones in Vegas. This friend is a long time Vegas resident, so we had every reason to believe him. We had a veggie calzone and small white pizza with an order of garlic knots. They are apparently famous for the garlic knots, and we were not disappointed. Very fresh, with a strong (but not over powering) real garlic flavor. Noting the deliciousness of the knots, it is no surprise that the crust on the calzone and pizza are the highlights. It is not too thin, full of flavor and not soggy. The ingredients on both the pizza and the calzone seemed fresh, and were also full of flavor. The place was hopping for a Thursday night, and the service was friendly and very quick. One of the better NY style pizza places in Vegas!
4	This place is across my my hospital so its a convenient as well as good.So the pizza is good stuff...pretty close to NY pizza in Vegas..not a home run but it's pretty good. One off my favs is pepperoni and fresh garlic..mmmmmm.  The garlic knots are pretty damn good..especially the stuffed ones....I like the calzones here as well...heart and loaded with goodness and without that cheap ass doughy taste you get from some pizza joints.Shrimp primivera.....was bomb as well..a surprise from a place like this. Large in portions and very moist. Not the usual chewy over done deals you get sometimes.  The salads are to the point but nothing stellar but they are always cold crisp and fresh. My only complaint is the ranch...I like that good cold thick ranch but theirs is a little runny and has a different taste for sure. It also makes me enjoy their wings a little less.Good spot..if you;re in the area try it out.
5	Super friendly staff, awesome pizza! I have heard that everything on the menu is excellent, just haven't had a chance to try it all. We've enjoyed their pizza several times without disappointment.
2	Another visit.  The pizza is adequate but is still blander than I like. I had an especially surly waitress.
5	The pizza is top in town for me other than Due Forni in summerlin...But by far the garlic knots always come out fresh and hot... And prices are cheap for the nice portions you get...
5	I found this place under not so great circumstances (daughter in the hospital for 8 days), but I can't stop telling people how great it is. Great pizza at a reasonable price. There are a number of good lunc specials that are hearty enough to fill anyone up. The staff, while ruff on the outside, are truly good people. They helped make a difficult time a little easier. I can't thank them enough.It has been nearly three months since my daughter has been out of the hospital and we've had a chance to go back to Broadway a few times. It's nowhere near where I live, but as long as they're around, I will keep coming back.Thanks guys!
4	My Girl met her best friend here over 2 years ago when she asked if she could try one of her Garlic Knots, and so this place holds a special in her heart. They have a great two slice and a drink special for just under $6 bucks and they are HUGE slices. Two of those for a friend and yourself along with some garlic knots and it is a "make your tummy dance the happy dance" kind of meal for under $15The place is busy around lunchtime with many people going in and out and it is easy to see why, the foods just good.Be sure to give this place a try!
3	Several people said Broadway Pizzeria makes the best pizza in Vegas.  It was good, but Metro Pizza is much better.  The pizza appeared homemade.  I assume it is nostalgic for the New York folks.  The seating was limited.  It seemed a bit pricey for what you are getting.  The parking was horrible.  I'll go again, but please stop trying to convince me that it is the best.
5	The garlic knots are definitely what we always come for. Today i actually went for that and a slice. Now every place i order from (pizza-wise) I always ask for double/extra mushroom, and 9 times outta 10 it's kind of a letdown. Here, they covered my entire single slice of pizza, maybe even a little too much, but still much appreciated.My boyfriend forgot to leave a tip today, but we will make it up to you guys next round...
4	Best local pizza we've had to date. Thin crust and lots of flavor, not all dough.
5	If I was somehow transported here and asked, "where are you?" I would answer Long Island, NY. The smell, look and of course the taste of this place and their food, everything is authentic NY. I've grown accustomed to being disappointed by places with names like "Joey's NY Pizza" or "5 Boroughs Pie" so the name Broadway Pizza didn't quite translate to greatness for me. The signage was the first bright spot. White letters stuck on a black pinboard...so far so good. The lunch specials were impressive, I went with the 2 slices and a soda for $5.99. Side note, they also have Sicilian, a welcome option. Ordered and took a seat to watch some NYG coverage, noticed the Giants flag, smiled a huge cheesy (pun intended) smile. This place is legit! Slices were brought over nice and hot on 2 paper plates. They were seriously awesome. Perfect amount of cheese, sauce and perfectly foldable. I can't wait to go back and try a sicilian slice and the garlic knots that have gotten rave reviews below. I was so pleased with this place, it will definitely hold me over until my next visit home to NY. If you could get Newsday here, that would be the crowning jewel.
3	Above average pizza, friendly service,decent price. I did enjoy garlic knots .I would call this a why not pizza.
5	The closest you can get to New York pizza. No doubt. I have tried many things on the menu and they were all great. Garlic knots are ok not the best. The stuffed ones are a different story. They have TASTYKAKES. I was so happy when I found out.
4	I'm no expert on real New York style pizza, but based on what I do know and understand about the style, this place gets it right. I recently decided to try the cheese pizza because that's an obvious benchmark to measure a place like this. It's vastly superior to any of the corporate takeout places you're used to and far beyond comparison with any sort of store bought pizzas such as Digiorno, Kirkland and Red Baron pizza. The slices were not overly greasy, and the cheese was not excessive or falling off the edges. I can't remember the last time I had a plain slice of pizza that was so perfect--even the sauce was enjoyable, and not overused. Clearly, the management really is from New York because they seem to have perfected their simple, traditional thin crust pizza. Two slices easily satisfied me during a recent lunch break.That's not to mention their friendly staff or their tasty deli subs, which I've also tried on a previous occasion. I will have to return to try some of their hot subs and pasta dishes because they have definitely got my attention. If I have another great experience here, I'll have to bump the stars up to 5.
5	I'm not sure how it's even possible that I haven't reviewed Broadway Pizza before now because it is one of my regular haunts. I was even more shocked that I only have 2 Yelp check-ins at Anthony & Mario's place because I've been there at least 3 time this month alone and I'm sure at least 150 times in my life. With all of that said let's get to the pizza.  Broadway Pizza is exactly the same delicious pie that you will find at the local pizza joints when perusing the streets of New York City. The crust is always the perfect thickness and texture with a great crispiness that only comes from using the best ingredients. The sauce is sweet and well-seasoned; the cheese is plentiful and simply delicious. My wife and I are into the cheese pizza thing lately because the flavor of the pie can't be masked by the overwhelming taste of sausage, onions, or peppers and Broadway doesn't disappoint. We have had occasion to order a more loaded pie when our kids are with us and I can say those pizzas have been delicious as well.   The other staple of our trips to Broadway are the garlic knots. For any of you that haven't experienced Broadway Pizza's garlic knots my best description would be; buttery, garlicy, mounds of love!! The knots are made from pizza dough which is rolled out and twisted into what else; knots, and then baked. They are slathered with butter garlic and served hot. They are a treat!!  Broadway had 2 locations, Rancho at Charleston and West Sahara near Cimarron. Funny thing is the Sahara location seems to do their crust a little differently. The crust at Sahara seems to be a little thicker than at Rancho. It still tastes great but tends to not be as crisp as the Rancho location. Either way Broadway Pizza is a winner if you're looking for a great NY style pie!!
5	I'm solely basing this review on the foundation of this establishment, "the cheese pizza".  This cheese pizza by far has to be the best tasting cheese pizza I've come across. The combination of their sauce, the spices and ingredaments in the cheese gives this pizza a MOUTHFULL of flavor with every bite. I wouldn't mind putting extra toppings to give it some more pizazz, but I think it would take away from its' flavorful awesomeness. I'm actually waiting to go pick a cheese pizza up with 50 wings. Cripes I'm hungra... 5 STARS ON THE CHEESE PIZZA YO!!! GREAT SUCCESS!!!Update: I just finished my portion of the pizza. This place is ALWAYS ON POINT!!!EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas.
4	Best pizza in Vegas. Not the best pizza ever, but it's damn good.Not a huge fan of the garlic knots though... tried it twice, still 'meh'. But their pizza... mmm. Their cheese pizza is incredible. And their white pizza is good too...Even better reheated the next day! haha But didn't care for the meat lovers... too salty. It is a bit out of the way, but it's where I go for my pizza fix.
4	It is difficult to review a place that I have never dined in at and have only ordered one menu item from.  I have only ordered food to go.  I will give it four stars based on the consistent high quality food.  I have only ordered the eggplant parm sandwich from here.  This is by far my favorite place to get such a sandwich.  It is loaded with tender fried eggplant, smothered with a generous serving of marninara sauce and topped with what seems to be a half a brick of cheese.  The flavor is unsurpassed.  The bread is is always tough enough to hold up to the sauce yet not so tough you can't eat it.  There is so much more than that on the menu that I would like to try but haven't yet.  They have specialty pizza's with white sauce.  They have the other sandwiches, of course.  And their own claim to fame, garlic knots.  I want it all.  If there is anything to complain about when it comes to Broadway Pizzeria, it is that their service is on the slow side.  This, however, is offset by the reason behind the slow service.  It is always busy.  That says a lot for a busniess when the line is out the door.  It proves this is some place worth checking out.  Be warned though, parking is sparse in this shopping center.  You may drive around a bit or have to walk a while to get in.  Don't let that scare you away, though.
4	Got knots?  Garlic knots that is.  4 carb-filled stars!Yeah, I'm a hefty guy and I'm supposed to be watching my diet.  But man, pizza is one of my weak points.  Be it the variety of pizzas to be had of America's #1 top money-making foods, or the fact that I survived off of this and hand-me-down Burger King leftovers during my collegiate years...pizza just holds dear to my heart.Broadway Pizzeria ain't your fancy, California-inspired, artisan, renaissance, froo-froo metrosexual pizza.  They do what they do fast...they from New York baby!  Just check out the NY-inspired mural on their wall!  No kissin' your A$$ while talking to you about your portfolio and pouring you a glass of the new merlot from their family winery.  Get in, sit down, get a menu, get your order in, eat your pie, and go!  This place is popular for the quick lunch crowd!  They do Italian, and they do a good job at it.  You got your NY style pizza (I love me that thin, crispy crust), they do the thicker Sicilian style pizza, they got salads, fingers and wings, Italian specialties, hot subs, cold subs, calzones, and desserts.  But dammit, get the GARLIC KNOTS!  One of the house specialties.  Great when they're hot and fresh with a side of marinara.But always, always get a slice of pie at Broadway!  It's good stuff!  Get yourself their pick-up special, a large 16" cheese pizza for $11.99.  Sure it sounds a bit plain, but if you have a foundation of a cheese pizza that tastes like crap (Pizza Hut...I choose you!) then how can adding toppings make it any better?  Broadway's cheese pizza is bomb diggity delicious!  Good crust with fresh sauce and good quality cheese.  Very tasty.  Go ahead and add a topping or two for a tiny additional cost.  I love mine with fresh mushrooms and either their sliced sausage or pepperoni.  Top mine with some grated parmesan, garlic and red pepper flakes, and a nice cold beer?  I'm good, seriously.  In my opinion, best NY pizza you can have here in LV...and yeah, I've had NY pizza from NY!This place is usually upbeat, especially during lunch rush.  Eat in if they have the space, or get a fast lunch to go for take out.  Service is quick and friendly.  They have a ton of daily lunch specials to choose from.  And the prices are on the cheap!  Don't be discouraged about any of the shouting, that's how some of the New Yorkers talk!  Fughettaboutit!
5	I wish I lived closer to Broadway Pizza.  This has got to be hands-down the most authentic New York/New Jersey pizza in all of Vegas.  Naysayers are probably used to some other city's poor imitation pizza wannabes.I was ravenous, having just fasted for some minor eye surgery in a building fronting this shopping center.  Being slightly groggy from the local anesthesia didn't dull my taste buds.  The spinach/broccoli pizza we had was fabulous, the crust crisp and not oversalted, and it made me forget the pain that started to kick in just as I was wolfing down slice #1.   Though we ordered at the counter, the pizza was served to us, and the service was great, too.Hubby said:  "Gee, this place isn't really THAT far."  We'll be back, sooner rather than later, since he's already polished off two of the four leftover slices I froze to save for another quick dinner for us.  Fie!
4	Hawaiian Pizza, Good Cheese Pizza, Cannoli's, Yummy Food Good price me and my coworkers love to order from here!
5	Want a TRUE NY style pizza? Come here... best thing in town. Love this place and the people.  Great service, affordable food and their ranch dressing is the best thing ever.  I wish we lived closer but they deliver pretty much anywhere in town.  Love you Broadway!!!!
4	I just popped in here for a quick slice while on my lunch break and Broadway gets a SOLID 4 stars. There is no way this pizza is "the best pizza in Vegas," but it is definitely authentic, east coast style, delicious, and reasonably priced! I ordered the 2 slice lunch special, garlic knots, and a side of ranch. Their ranch dressing is definitely homemade and UNBELIEVABLY GOOD. The pizza came out cooked perfectly, thin with a slightly crispy crust (there's nothing I hate more than soggy, under-cooked pizza) and a good ratio of cheese to sauce. I would have liked a little more sauce, but that's personal preference! The garlic knots were really, really good. Dusted with garlic powder, not overpowering, and the marinara sauce they came with perfectly complimented the garlic flavor. This place is super busy during the lunch hour, but has a nice cosy atmosphere if you have time to sit and eat. There are a few tables and booths, but it is first come first serve so between 12-2: good luck! Overall, I definitely enjoyed my lunch.... but I am still on the hunt for that perfect slice. :)
5	garlic knotz are top in vegas, so is the alfredo! lots of great stuff to choose from! sicilian pizza i also love, what more to say? oh and the service is awesome
5	Delicious food, great prices, and awesome service!
4	small and jammed with people. But food is why I was there and it was good. its definately New York Style.
5	I've lived in New York, and the South Bronx. This pizza reminds me of my two years spent there. Great food. A bit pricey, but you get a lot of food for what you order. Their cheese pizza deal is affordable, however, and it tastes great.
5	I'll make this quick. Come here ONCE and you're going to be a fan for life!!ENOUGH SAID!
2	Stay away from the sicilian unless your want a pound of bread...
5	Pizza is universally loved. And pizza holds a serious cultural position in the United States in particular. It is not rare to meet someone in America who has a testimony to the superiority of a small mom-and-pop hole-in-the-wall joint back in one of New York City's five Burroughs. New York pizza is the standard by which pizza is judged. Chicago style is also important, but does not hold the prestige of a NY pie.Vegas is a city with deep New York ties. Most of Las Vegas's Founding Fathers had deep ties to the New York mafia. Hoping for a baptism and a fresh start in this faraway desert, gangsters often demanded that if they were forced to live in this arid wasteland, at least they should be provided with their creature comforts: a Maria Callas recording, a fine chianti, and maybe a pizza pie.But the crime bosses at La Cosa Nostra were having none of it. The bosses were nervous Italian culture was becoming watered-down and too Americanized. They  issued an edict in 1952 that made it a crime punishable by death to make an authentic NY pie west of Cincinnati. Sinatra and Dino would have to endure their forsaken oasis without the cuisine they loved. But happily they were not barred from showgirls, booze, or gambling.Vegas Italian food suffered (see Battista's Hole in the Wall).Finally, the edict was lifted shortly after Gotti was imprisoned for life. Broadway Pizzeria on Rancho and Charleston opened 90 days later. Happiness ensued.
5	true feeling of a nyc pizza joint. the attitude, atmosphere, accent, and yes the pizza. thin and crunchy bottom. oil dripping off the cheese. not much more to say than go try it out. if you dont like their pizza then go back to chicago deep poop or buy that poo poo johns.
5	Have you ever been to Attilio's Pizza?Chances are, you haven't.Attilio's Pizza is this little strip mall storefront next to an Acme grocery store in the small village of Lincroft, New Jersey, about 45 minutes' train ride from midtown Manhattan.I grew up eating Attilio's, and it is to this day the standard by which I judge all other pizza.The reason that I mention this is, the first time I took a bite out of a slice of Broadway pizza, I was instantly transported back to my childhood, biting into a crisp, thin crust topped with thin, subtly slightly sweet tomato sauce, just enough cheese and oregano.Perfect, textbook NY/NJ style pizza and probably my 2nd favorite spot in town for this style of pizza - #1 being Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan - but here, you actually pay normal pizza prices for pizza instead of the gouging that happens at center Strip.It's halfway across town from me but well worth the drive.
2	The girl behind the counter made nice with the guy before me and then as he walked away preceded to call him a f*kn retard. He of course couldn't hear her say it, but that's my initial visit of this place. Who knows maybe they have a love/hate relationship I didn't know about. Just seemed a little uncalled for, and who knows what she may have called me as I walked away.I went with the spicy chicken pizza roll that someone on yelp mentioned. It was edible but nothing great. Maybe it wasn't my taste. I also ordered a half dozen garlic knots to see what all the rage was about... They were not for me either. The sauce seemed to taste unseasoned like a can of tomato sauce. I will probably give this place another shot at some point and another review as well... but not anytime soon.
2	Eh, it was okay.  Might have been better if we had eaten there instead of delivery.  Had a pizza, the spaghetti with sausage, side salads and garlic knots.Pizza was eh, but again was warm at best.  Spaghetti sauce was eh as well, and not enough.  Sausage was spicy and good - the high light.  Garlic knots seemed a little lacking on the flavor.Again, we did delivery and it may be much better when eaten hot out of the oven.
3	A good, solid Pizzeria. Just nothing special. Tried the garlic knots. Nice. Garlicky tasting dough. Tried the White Pizza. Ricotta, garlic and mozzarella. Nice. The taste was very delicate though. Maybe the wife and I were just in the mood for a saltier, greasier, more aggressive/traditional tasting pizza. The service was very good, attentive. We may give Broadway Pizzeria another try if in the area.
2	I used to love this place when I lived in the neighborhood, but the quality of the food was not good when I went to revisit.I ordered the Sicilian pizza, a salad, and my boyfriend ordered a small calzone.  His calzone was huge and tasty but my pizza was seriously overcooked and difficult to eat.  The cheese had already hardened again before it got to me.  Paid over 4$ for two glasses of soda and never even got a refill.  We probably will not be going back again.
5	Yum I think we have found a new go to spot to add to our rotation of options for a good pizza pie!My boyfriend and I just happened upon this joint via a coupon in the local edition of the 2013 entertainment guide as we wanted to try a new place. There was a coupon for 50% off of any pizza so I quickly yelped it and saw a four star rating. I read some of the reviews which boasted of their famous garlic knots as well so there we went to satisfy our pizza fix!We decided on the 16' uptown white pizza (mozzarella), their other white pizza is made with ricotta cheese instead. We also got an order of one dozen garlic knots that come with a side of marinara sauce.Wow, the pizza was delicious and drizzling with olive oil, and the garlic knots were fresh with butter and garlic! The crust and generous amount of cheese on the pizza was Amazing. I had an orgasm of flavor in my mouth and it felt and tasted so damn good!They took $7.00 off of our pizza with the 50% off coupon we had so our large pizza and dozen garlic knots total only came to $12 which is a bargain for so much food!We will be back and now we have a paper menu to review which is full of so many of their great food options to try!We are fans!
4	So, the first time I came here, I ordered a pepperoni pizza. It was the closest thing to a great New York-style pizza that I had ever had in Las Vegas. The crust was crispy on the bottom, but not too crispy. The cheese had a nice stretch without it falling off of the pizza and there was ample grease (which I usually blot off). Within the same week, I went back and tried a pizza with ham and jalapeno. The sauce, toppings, and cheese were all still up to par, however, the crust was not perfection as it was previously. It was slightly doughy and there was no crisp at all. I would say that if I were in the area, I would definitely go and pick up a pizza pie and, no doubt, would still enjoy it.
3	Breakdown of Broadway Pizzeria: FOOD: Broadway Special (Pepperoni, Green Peppers, Mushrooms, Sausage, Meatballs - omitted the olives and onions) - The pizza wasnt bad but it wasnt authentic NYC Pizza.  The crust could have been been a little bit more crisp but I think what it really was the topping.  It need that cheesey gooey-ness that normally eat when you take a bit and have that cheese string still connected to the slice... and that didnt happen.SERVICE:The staff was really friendly and always made a point to check with us to make sure we had everything we needed.  I did think it was odd that each table had the pizza stand but when we got our pizza they didnt use it - they used instead the folding tray stand which made it awkward for the third person in our group to get the food since it was furthest from him.
4	Hit the spot late night pizza. Had a craving for pizza but didn't feel like paying $40 for Bellagio room service and CPK was $17 for a small at the Mirage. So we found this online and figured we'd give it a try. We had to wait an hour for delivery, but the delivery guy was willing to wait in Bellagio lobby for us to come down. Got a HUGE deep dish veggie that more than stuffed us (could have fed a whole family if five easily and was way too much for two people) that was delicious n $28 w delivery and tip, all said and done. We'd have left overs for days if we weren't flying back tomorrow!Great find if u feel like being lazy without paying Vegas Strip prices.
5	By far the best pizza and wings in Vegas. Delicious home made ranch. My first choice every time!The owners are good people... You can't go wrong with Broadway pizzeria.
2	The food is  decent.  I had a bad experience with the woman at the register and she was totally rude!!!  I called and spoke to the owner, but he didn't seem to care....so I didn't care to go back to the business.  I would rather spend my money at a place that values it's customers.  Hey, we are the ones keeping them in business after all.
5	I am a creature of habit when it comes to Broadway Pizza. The Hawaii it is, for me! I first found this place on yelp when I was at the outlets and looking for a lunch spot. My first experience was a dine-in experience and it is your typical "pizza place"  dining experience (diner booths, small, loud, etc.). The pizzas were delish! I became hooked when I offered to bring some pizzas to a friend's house one afternoon and I stopped by there. I ordered one Hawaiian and one with various meats and veggies for the hefty meat eaters in the group (I am not a fan of sausage, olives, etc.). The others delved into the "everything" pie, I began with the Hawaiian and when I wanted more it was practically gone. The Hawaiian was the winner! I've never had any problems with an order, with the service or with the quality. A good pizza place is a great find!
5	God love 'em. The delivery man waited 20 minutes for me to arrive to pick up my Cannellini soup at the front desk of my condo center. I had ran out of gas, cash, you name it. A woman at the gas station also yelled at me because I was checking out her dog. Strange night. A good night to stay home and eat soup. Anyhow, the delivery man was so cordial, as were all delivery men after him. On another occasion, mom needed gluten free grub. Broadway was not 100% sure that the stock they used was gluten free, so they delivered the soup with the can so that we could evaluate the ingredients to assure ourselves. I felt that was really above and beyond because my mom never believes people when they say their food's gluten free. She likes to see proof.Broadway Pizza truly gets customer service. As for the food, I ordered the Cannellini soup several times even after I wasn't sick anymore. Big containers delivered every couple of weeks. The soup comes with a ton of garlic knots too, which are especially good when fresh and hot, but I don't mind eating 2 or 6 straight out of the fridge later on.Never been inside. Never had the pizza.
5	My family comes straight out of Brooklyn. This is the only place we will get pizza from. Delicious sauce, crispy crust, and amazing cheesy goodness!The garlic knots are no joke either. I have hooked many friends on this place on the knots alone! Seriously best pizza I have ever had in Vegas, worth any trip. But, on a side note, if you take the pizza home, I would suggest popping the pizza back in the oven for a couple minutes :)
5	Great lunch specials...and yummy garlic knots. I had salad, drink, and 6 garlic knots for $7.50. Will be back soon!
5	Real deal NY pizza. Lunch special 1 slice regular & 1 sicilian corner slice. Add a half order of knots.
2	In one word? Disappointing.After a very late night, I awoke with a mean hangover and a hankering for some wings.  After coming to an agreement that we were in no shape to leave our apartment, we decided delivery was the only way to go.  I searched out some delivery options (on Yelp, of course), and decided on pizza and wings from Broadway. ...Mistake number one... I found a special on their website and when I called to order it, the prices were listed wrong - it was actually more expensive than what was listed, but we were starving and needed sustenance, so I ordered anyway.The food arrived in a timely manner, the delivery guy was super nice, and we were ready to dig in.  Unfortunately, what we dug into was not what we'd hoped for.  The wings were dry, overcooked, and the sauce wasn't very spicy (considering we ordered the hot wings).  The pizza crust was super bland and dry, and the cheese was nothing to write home about either.  For someone who avoids gluten and dairy 90% of the time, when I break those rules, it had better be for some mind-blowing New York style pizza, which this was definitely not.  My recommendation? If you want amazing wings, go to Twin Peaks.  Great pizza? Go to Secret Pizza.  (2 stars for the nice delivery guy and fast service)
4	Came for lunch today. Pleasantly surprised!Pizza was good (not fabulous) but really good. Now, the fried ravioli.... Out of this world. Best I've had, ever.  Service was excellent, staff very friendly.
5	I give the BP five stars. The pizza is hot and great. Ive never been in the location myself but I found it on yelp and I asked the husband to go. And I was pleased with the outcome. I give it five stars.
4	Has to be my go to pizza joint in Vegas. We always recieve great service and the food is always spot on.
5	OK... I'm not from NYC, but have visited there recently.  I L*O*V*E this place.  It has a flavor that I can't quite put my finger on, but it took me right back to the little pizza place in Brooklyn right by Pratt.  The people who work there aren't overly friendly... but like another person wrote.. this isn't a high-class, gourmet, snooty pizza place.  The kids behind the counter are consistently polite, and I have never had any problems ordering my food and getting it home hot and wonderful.  I have never eaten in there... I usually order the pie, slip into Smiths for a bottle of wine and a few groceries.. and by the time I get my groceries my food is done.  I have never tried the garlic knots... but we are getting a couple of pizzas for dinner tonight, so I think it's high-time I treat myself (my kids will probably eat most of them :-)
5	I eat here a few times a month, sometimes once a week! Probably because it is close to work. I wish there was one in the southwest area. This place is a little pizzeria in a busy shopping strip mall. Which is the only complaint...location sucks. But there pizza makes up for it. I love how the staff seem to all be from NY... or at least have NY demeanor.  Love the big slices and the ingredients are always fresh. Other items that are awesome besides the pizza is the pizza roll, salads, garlic knots (and stuffed garlic knots), and chicken fingers. You can't go wrong with this pizza joint. Highly recommended  A++++
2	The pizza is just ok at its best, and the wings, though small, are decent.  There's lots of really good pizza in Vegas and Broadway doesn't quite make the cut but it's close to home and offers take out or delivery, service is pretty good.
5	Great crust- Bakers pride oven- good cheese- just right- lunch specials by the slice- delicious! This may be my favorite yet!
5	Excellent. Now that's what I'm talking about when it comes to NY style pizza. Nice, thin crust and not too much dough. Easily folded if that is how you like to eat your slice. Not too heavy on the cheese. This made the tangy, flavorful sauce just that much better. The cheese was like molten lava, and I was so anxious to take a bite that I burned the top of my mouth. When will I ever learn. This pizza was worth it though.
4	We have ordered pizzas from here several times and have always been pleased. Nice Brooklyn-sized slices with fresh ingredients and homemade crust. I've never eaten in the restaurant, but it's always been a great place for takeout.Tonight we thought we'd try something different, so we ordered other items off the menu. My husband had the Italian Combo sandwich, and I had the lasagna. We ordered these as to-go items, and they both traveled well in the takeout containers. The sandwich was flavorful, with fresh bread and a good selection of meat. The lasagna came with a side salad and an order of six garlic knots. LOVE the knots, and I can't imagine eating the pasta without them! I've had better lasagna, but this was pretty good for a storefront takeout -- and it was a LOT better than I could have pulled off at home. Plus the portion was big enough for us to have leftovers, and lasagna is always better the next day!I'm not a New Yorker by any means, but for this Nevada gal (by way of the Midwest and Texas), this is some pretty tasty Italian fare. (Better than Pizza Hut and Olive Garden, if nothing else.) Try the pizza, but don't be afraid to order off the menu.
3	Quick, easy and affordable.  Awesome lunch quickie if you are in the area.  Not sure if I would travel out of my way to come here.Atmosphere is exactly what you think it would be in a ny pizzeria.
4	This is good new york style pizza. I dont even care for that style but i love a good pie when i get one. The garlic knots are very good. It reminds me of a pretzel more then a bread stick. Very good. If you like new york style then i must say this is good pie
5	I eat here about once a week & haven't eaten anything bad. Garlic knots, Sicilian pizza, broadway special, wings & Heros. It's all good here! Pick something new & see what happens.
3	oh my gosh! just as good as back home:) despite the rude employees, and the roaches the food is spot on like back home
3	I ordered a large buffalo chicken pizza...it tasted like I thought it should lol...it was great! The restaurant itself is like a small pizzeria.  The girl working the counter was very courteous! I would definitely go back and try something else when I'm on a lunch break and feeling like pizza.
4	Great change from all the chain pizza places. Great pizza and garlic knots! Fast and friendly. We got pepperoni, sausage pizza. It isn't typical pizza sausage that you think of. Was delicious
5	AWESOME place to eat. Visiting from Oregon with my daughters soccer team (players showcase). She's Gluten & Dairy intolerant so pizza places are difficult. This is a hole-in-the-wall in all the BEST ways. Pizza was great. Service was very friendly. Danyelle Nikhole you rock!!!
5	Favorite slice in Vegas. Lived off their menu for half a decade. Never gets old. Friends relish when I bring a large pie from broadway. Love this place.
5	Awesome pizza awesome place.  this is a must eat while in vegas.  the people here rock!!!!
5	Okay some of the best pizza since I left the east coast 25 years ago! Sicilian pie was awesome- crispy bottom crust, generous toppings and you can bring in your own wine ore beer.  Homemade soup, baked ziti was good too. Only negative was the gay NY giants banner! :)
5	These guys are from New York and you could tell it when you taste of food as New York New York gets. I tried the pizza couple of days ago it was outstanding I tried the Ziti with meatballs unbelievably good as good as any five star restaurant the meatballs were outstanding great taste. They give you six garlic knots with dinner and it was very tasty garlic knots with very good. The owner is a very friendly and they treat you like family
1	It is absolutley unacceptable to say an order will be delivered at a certain time and then not even have the courtesy to call and say it will be late.   And the solution the manager offered..." well maybe next time you order we can do something for you" what a load of crap.   Plus the pizza was super greasy.  Def not ordering again .
4	Love their pizza and garlic knots. Super Yummy and fulfilling! Everyone is friendly and the service is fast. I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a new pizza place.
5	We have found this pizza to be the best in Vegas! We order at least once a week! The meat lovers is awesome and the thinly sliced sausage is fantastic.
4	I LOVE THIS PIZZA!! Im usually very picky with pizza since I am not a big fan of the marinara sauce, but let me tell you...SOOOO GOOOD!. I usually order spinach and broccoli, which at first I was kinda unsure since Ive never had it in pizza. I can say that it has been made my number one all time fav. Now everywhere I go I ask for it ( eventhough they dont compare). The staff there is always very nice and curteous. They tend to get prettty busy around lunch time since the hospital and other medical offices are in the surrounding area.
5	White pizza was awesome! great prices too and the staff is great.
5	Best Pizza in Vegas. Also, if you haven't had their chicken pasta soup with knots...you're missing out. The staff is great. They make u feel like you're eating at your family's. Love this place to pieces
4	Been here many times over the years, especially since it's so close to work which makes it convenient for lunch or a quick snack. I usually just get the slices when I'm here, which are $2 per slice of cheese and 40 cents for each topping you'd like on it. The pizza here is so good that I sometimes am good with just getting cheese. The pizza here is New York style which means it's large, thin and super greasy but oh so delicious. Service here is pretty good even when it gets crowded and pizzas usually come out pretty fast. They have other Italian style food here, such as chicken parmasean, pastas, sandwiches, salads, etc,  if you're not in the mood for pizza.
4	Service was excellent. The place reminded me of pizzerias on long island (where I'm from). Being from NY is a gift and a curse being that I can't find good pizza most of the time. For like 20 bucks (thank you yelp check in deal) we fed our family of 5. That right there is pretty sweet. The garlic knots were a little harder and dryer than liked, but my kids still liked them.they brought them out before the pizza which I appreciate. We got half pep have cheese. Perfect amount of grease, cheese didn't slide right off (hate that). It was really delicious. Will definitely return when in Vegas.
5	I've been going to Broadway since I was a very young child, and I couldn't have been any luckier to be exposed to the best pizza in Las Vegas so soon into my life. Everyone who works there is incredibly nice, and super personable. Plus, you can't beat the food. The pizza is delicious and authentic. And everything else on the menu is always a good choice. Not once in my life have I been disappointed. If you're eating in, the atmosphere is really great and there is nothing better than watching someone toss the dough for your pizza, and if you're getting it delivered it is always guaranteed that your delivery person will be amazing (and probably eventually know who you are if you order from them often enough). Get their garlic knots and try their ranch dressing-- they are top notch and you will not regret it!
5	Had a taste for pizza in LV, a bartender recommended this joint. Very impressed. My veggie pizza was not greasy and was loaded chock full of spinach, tomatoes, onions, green peppers, etc This is not factory food, this is homemade goodness. Plus if you get a pizza to go they give you a sheet of coupons some of which are really good deals, actually, and also they had a whole bunch of specials they were running. Would return happily. Recommended.
4	I love this place. I have been coming here for lunch for a while and I forgot how good the food is, try the garlic knots! How reasonably priced it is and how gosh darn crowded it gets at lunch so go early!!!
5	One of the best pizza places that I have found in Las Vegas and that is a huge compliment since I'm originally from NY so I love NY style pizza which they have. I usually get their white pizza which is good too. I got their garlic knots for free with the check in offer so they hooked it up. Awesome service. I am so glad I found this place to be my go to pizza place.
3	This place, in a whole, is okay. I got delivery from it, so I cannot comment on the atmosphere of the actual establishment, so this review is strictly about the food. One of the bonuses to this place, as can be seen in the many photos is that it's pizzas are huge. If you order a large, you in fact, get an extremely large pizza. It's typical New York style pizza and is pretty greasy, ESPECIALLY if you get the pepperoni, which I wasn't exactly a fan of. They put plenty of toppings on the pizza and make sure that there aren't areas that are bare. I know of some other places that hurry to put toppings on, thus missing areas of the pizza. No beuno. They cater to special diets and have gluten free pizza (although I haven't tried it). This was handy since one of the people we were ordering for had a pork allergy. I like their ground beef pizza.. it wasn't as greasy as the others. OH, and their garlic knots. Yes. Those. They were by FAR my favorite thing about this place. Little carb pockets of goodness. If you ever go there, order some if you like bread. You won't be disappointed.All and all, it's an okay place. Nothing really stands out about the pizza. It's better then fast food pizza for sure, but not AMAZING. Nothing I'd go out of my way to eat. If you are in the area and feel like some pizza that's a little better then fast food quality, sure, go for it. And remember, GET THE GARLIC KNOTS!
4	Pizza was good and greasy NY style pizza. Garlic knots are really good. We also ordered wings and liked them. The ranch is awesome. Service is friendly and excellent. Will be back!
5	Vegetarian pizza is outstanding!   Also the Italian sausage pasta with penned pasta is so good!  Always have a great experience gere!
5	Fresh and delicious!  Try the spinach roll!  The place is small and nothing fancy but don't let that stop you. Prices are good and the food is great. It is very close to UMC medical center if you need to grab a quick bite to eat.
1	THE LAST TIME I ORDER HERE!It is usually my favorite place to order when it comes to pizza, but the last time I called for delivery, I got the nastiest attitude  form the girl that answered the phone....Whitney. I asked her for wet hot wings  and she response wit well we only have med or hot... And I told here I wanted them x hot and wet that is y I just said wet. I also asked her for a SIDE OF RAVIOLIS... And she again gives me attitude and tells me they only have a dinner or a side of fried RAVIOLIS. That's when I asked her here name she got really nerves and started giggling and saying o I just wanted to make sure... I told her it was okay and gave here my card info.... She was in such a hurry to get off the phone with me ,that she never repeated any of the given info and said the food would arrive in 45 mins........after 50 mins I get a phone call from the driver saying that the card # was wrong.... I repeated and asked him how come they didn't run it while she was taking my order and was my food ganna be cold since he was still in the resturant ,And yet again I got some attitude from him saying no dear am on my way no after almost a whole hour. I live on Rancho and Washington and think it's ridiculous that my pizza took that long when I drive to there shopping center it takes me  no longer then 10 mins to get there. SO FINALLY AFTER ALMOST AN HOUR AND A HALF. The deliver guy gets there and recognizes me and now he wants to act like a sweetheart. We only tipped him like 2 dollars  and we did him a favor. Maybe it wasn't his fault but honestly the food was horrible my pizza was so cold I had to microwave every slice that we ate. The wings were what I think is mild and DRY VERY VERY DRY!!!!!!This is why I we'll never waste my money on this place that has employees who act like there doing my a favor instead of being thankful I once was the reason for them to get a pay checks! If I could rate with no stars I would.....NEVER AGIAN!
5	I've been coming to this place for 15 years now!I have since moved to Southern California, but always make it a point to stop by this place when I come back to Las Vegas. The reviews already cover it. The garlic knots are phenomenal, the pasta sauce is to die for, and the French fries (yes, the French fries) are fresh and crispy. The best thing about it all? It always comes out hot and fresh. You will not see a single heat lamp here. AND it's speedy!The owners take a lot of pride in this place. You can find them making pizza and pasta in the back. The service is always great. Shout out to the best waitress, Danielle! She treats everybody like a regular and gets to know her customers.It's in a little strip mall, but who cares? Excellent, inexpensive food with great service. I recommend it to everyone traveling to Las Vegas.
5	I love their Philadelphia Cheese Steak sandwiches.  The best in Las Vegas.   Being from Philadelphia myself I know a good cheese - steak.
5	This place is a little far from my house, maybe a 15 minute drive, but if you like Sicilian pizza, I don't think you can find a better place in Las Vegas.I live in the east for a while, and I would rank this place's Sicilian pie right up there with pizza places in the east.The place is small, but accommodating nonetheless.The staff is extremely friendly (my wife is always accusing the girls of flirting with me, so I can only pick-up their pizza and not stay there to eat it.They offer drinks in there that you don't normally see in any eatery (e.g. Yoohoo, Sobe, etc.) which I think is neat.And, considering that I just now paid $20 for a Sicilian pie, that will probably make four meals for my wife and I, it seems reasonably priced.I don't know how much more I can say. Go there and see for yourself.
5	I already loved the delivered pizza. Never been inside. Inside there is seating with a waitress who us awsome!  Try the Sicilian Pizza... omg the best thick crust in town. Meatball pizza is fantastic. But today I'm doing pepperoni. ... well so much for the diet :)
5	The pizza is outstanding but that's only half the reason to go.  The staff and the vibe is what puts this place over the top!There's no reason to try to get pizza anywhere else.
5	Excellent pizza! I drive from the west side of town to pick it up. Reminds me of the pizzerias I grew up with back in Staten Island.
5	Best pizza in town. The big squares are amazing. The pizza here is fresh baked and taste delicious.  They have awesome choices and everything is home cooked good. The spaghetti with meat sauce is ample sizing and has lots of meat in the sauce. The garlic knots are soft and full of flavor. The lasagna just melts into your mouth and you cant help but devour it
4	Always solid pizza here. They have great chicken fingers as well and I love the antipasto salad.  Delivery guys are really quick and are always polite.This is a well run business!
5	Good old fashion pizza, the way it should be. This isn't a place for all the "bacon stuffed mac & cheese crust" gimmicky crap they are peddling at the bigger places. Just simple pizza that is made right with good ingredients..... what a concept!
4	Great pizza and wings.  The sicilian pie is one of the best I've had since leaving new York.  I go out of my way to eat there or get delivered.  They deliver to a large area.  My place is flamingo and Decatur and my girlfriend is Rancho and 95... We get deliveries at both places...
3	Went on a sunday and decided to dine in. The ladies are friendly but sort of appeared uninterested in serving us. Anywho, we opted for 3 slices of pepperoni pizza,  some fries and mild wings. The crust was a wonderful crunchy texture , but I was unimpressed by the cheap stiff pepperoni.  The cheese and sauce were good tho. The wings were pretty spicy for it to be called " mild " , the fries and ranch were good.  The ambiance was "meh" it was cool for a quick lunch. But nothing I'd drive back for.
2	The food is good, service is fine , but the way the owner treats his employees makes it so uncomfortable, dont think I will ever go back.  To bad, we really enjoyed our neighborhood pizza place.  But when I saw one of the owners berate his poor employee in front of customers, well I felt like if I gave them anymore of my money, I would be condoning this behavior.  It is sad because the poor girl probably needs the job so bad she is willing to take the abuse.  It would be great if the all walked off the job and watch the owner try and do it himself.
5	Best pizza in Vegas! I'm a North Jersey girl living here and Vegas and this is the real deal!!!
4	In Vegas for a soccer tournament. Found this place on resturant.com and glad we did!   It was expense but very good. We ordered the Anthony's and it was good!  Also ordered a meatball sandwich and that too was delish!  Well worth the stop. Too bad there is not one in Cali.
5	Still the best pizza in Las Vegas!  Hands down..their pizza is the real deal..love it love it!  Garluc knots are the bomb!  Ive bern coming here since i moved to Vegas 28 yrs ago!  Waoooo..is all I can say!  Keep up the good job!  Service is great too
5	Great little pizza place in Las Vegas. Their calzones are some of the best I've ever had as well as extremely friendly staff.
1	I eat here all the time, and always for the same thing. The lunch special. Two slices of Sicilian. Not only did they not have two slices available, but they told me I can have one now and another in 12 minutes once they made a fresh pie. So instead of waiting I substituted one for a regular slice. Upon eating 2-3 bites of my Sicilian, I became sick.  It was cold, greasy, and extremely unpleasant. I was a huge fan of this place before today. When I explained to the waitress how I became sick, she only offered me more "fresh" pizza. What happened to you broadway?
3	The broadway pizza is yummy. The knots are a cheap yummy eat. $3 for 6 knots cheap, cheap!
5	The five stars is strictly for the garlic infused ranch sauce. #%^*! The ranch sauce here is stupid -wicked- good! I'm addicted to the ranch here and I would just come here and buy a tub of it if I could. It's truly insane. It's a homemade, rich, buttery buttermilk ranch, but wait, that's not all...infused with roasted garlic flavor?!? I honestly don't know what they put in their ranch, but it set off our pizza dinner to a whole new level. It's what ranch dreams are made of. Flavor rating: 5/5The pizza- extra hooked up with cheese, toppings were decent, crust not too shabby. Overall, I would dabble again in their pizzas. Flavor rating: 3/5The spicy buffalo wings- small, dry, overcooked, and the seasoning was not memorable. Flavor rating: 1/5The garlic knots- 12 free knots with a purchase of a large pizza! That's called a hookup ya'll. The knots were flavorful and moist. I dunked them like crazy in the house ranch. So good! Flavor rating: 5/5I honestly feel that the ranch enhanced the pizza, wings, and the knots by a lot. Without their house ranch, I would be a sad panda.
