2	I was not only underwhelmed, but I wasn't even whelmed.THE GOODThe night began with high hopes: La Paz looks nice with a glowing bar table, high ceilings, and classy decorations. The 30+ people in our group arrived with chips and salsa waiting at the tables, with the promise of queso and drinks to soon come. Things were looking good.The chips and salsa: standard- Very eatable, but not memorable.Queso Dip: Decent- Good spicy cheese dip overall. THE BADThe ambiance: Way too loud. - It is nearly impossible to carry a conversation with anyone beyond sitting next to you. The high ceilings and spartan decorations do little to absorb noise, sloshing everyone's conversation to a maelstrom of crazy buzzing. Don't come here looking for easy conversation.House Margaritas: blah- weak and lacking much flavor. Other drinks on the menu may be more satisfying, but the house margarita was a waste of time and calories.The Food: unanimously unimpressive- Street pork tacos were self-described as "authentic Mexican fare". I can say with much assurance (growing up in Southern California) that the tacos were far too heavy on the sweet  tomato-chipotle salsa and falling much too short on the onion and cilantro. Additionally, it was served without lime and rice. And the slaw was inside the taco. It looks nothing like the image in the menu. Major let down.- The taco salad lacked the key ingredients of beans and rice, this salad is rather unfulfilling and bland. - Vegitariano: A what? Looked very sloppy and soggy. THE UGLYThe Service: hands down the worse service I had ever received.- First off, I want to be very clear that I attribute (most of) the poor service to lack of training and experience of the staff (as La Paz just recently opened), not to them personally. That said, I was preparing to slit my wrists with a jagged chip just to make the night end. Let me count the ways in which the service was lacking:1) Disorganized: --- Drink orders were taken twice. --- Confusion arouse over who ordered what and even what type of food was on the plate. --- Had to ask 3 people twice each and wait 15 minutes to get the salad dressing for the taco salad. 2) Untimely: --- It took over an hour for our food to arrive: No updates, no offer of another appetizer. No offer of more drinks. No water refills. --- We were ignored for an hour. Yay, thanks for wasting my night.3) No water refills: This bares repeating. --- Everyone at our table had to ask multiple people, multiple times for water to be refilled, each time we needed it refilled.4) Unknowledgeable about food: --- When asked for more information about a food item, one server read verbatim from the menu. --- After waiting for over an hour, servers couldn't identity some of the plates. The rest of the table was awkwardly being served (by asking each patron if this plate was theirs. Also, see section labeled Disorganized above). --- More importantly, they couldn't identify my plate--which I could see and identify from where I was sitting. It took asking two servers, waiting 15 minutes (while I watched everyone else eating), and watching a server bend down to examine my (now cold) dinner until I was served the very disappointing tacos.--- I'm sorry, but if you can't figure out what a pork taco is in a sea of enchiladas, taco salads, and vegitarinos, then someone, somewhere dropped the ball big time. Either that, or I have serious doubts as to the sourcing of your meats and construction of your tacos.Despite being offered free dessert (as a part of our group deal), we opted to just get the checks and run. In all, we were there for about 2.5 hours on a Thursday night, which would have been fine for quality food, a comfortable environment, and good service. However, my experience at La Paz was none of these. I could tell that the servers were stressed out and under-prepared and my heart goes out to them. Insist on more training.PS: On your menu, "V Notates vegetarian dishes".... I think 'denotes' is the word you are looking for. "V Denotes".
3	3 stars is being nice. I really hoped everyone else was wrong and that my once fabulous La Paz did not go down-hill...but sadly they were not. We requested a seat in the bar area as this was a big football weekend and my boyfriend wanted to see the game. The bar area was full and so we were told to watch for a table and just sit down when once became available. Five or ten minutes later this happened, so we sat at the dirty table for about 10 minutes waiting for acknowledgement. Our server apologized and explained that we should have never been seated at a dirty table. We weren't "seated" at all, so this lead me to believe the hostess was just being a bit lazy by telling us to watch for people to leave and seat ourselves. I will say our service for the rest of the dinner was great. The salsas were very good in my opinion. I always like having a choice between red and green. We requested a small side of Guacamole as my boyfriend wasn't eating much so we didn't really need the entire $9 table-side version. Our server happily obliged and we were pleasantly surprised by the size of the side- it was more than big enough for two people and only 1/3 the price! The Guac itself needed a bit of lime but it was creamy and pretty good. Now here is where the food takes a big down-turn. When I use to go to the old La Paz I would order the same dish every time, the Mexican flag Enchilada trio. Well they went and changed it on me! Everything tasted the same, instead of one spinach, one red, and one cheese. The chicken was barely distinguishable! The dish itself did not appear to even be three different colors thus forming the Mexican flag..instead it was all mashed together. Despite costing roughly the same as the old, the serving size was noticeably MUCH smaller, and the quality/taste just wasn't nearly as good. I wouldn't go back and get that dish. Honestly, I think I would rather go to Azteca or Cantina 1511...
2	I am devastated they no longer have $2 margaritas Sundays, Mondays and Tuesdays. I loved the old location and was eagerly waiting this one to open. However, it seems more pretentious in its new digs.
2	I can confidently say that I will never go here again.To be fair, I went to La Paz for dinner with a group of 30.  Nonetheless, this was an event planned well in advance that the restaurant was aware of.  So one would think that they would be prepared with the proper waitstaff to handle this size of a party.  But they clearly were not.Dinner took at least 45-60 minutes to come out.  The food runners and waiters were not able to distinguish between entrees, so figuring out who ordered what and what each plate even had on it delayed the meal even further.  Our waitress repeatedly came by asking, "Can I get you anything?"  when every water glass at the table was empty.I will say that their chips are very good.  But this is the only Mexican restaurant I have ever been to that refilled the chip basket once then let the empty basket sit there for over an hour.The blended margarita was passable.The taco salad with grilled chicken was underwhelming.  Where the heck were the beans and rice?My boyfriend's Street Pork Tacos tasted like what dog food smells like.
2	Ahh La Paz, what a long and twisted legacy you have here in Charlotte.  3 different locations, with different owners, and menu alterations.  While I thought the space on South was a great location, you now pop up in the new and modern Metropolitan in your latest incarnation.  Hence my first problem, you walk into this space with near floor to ceiling windows, concrete floors, and then heavy wooden booths and woodwork that only extends about 2/3s of the way up to the ceiling.  The juxtaposition is jarring and appears forced, like sticking a cabinet-style tube TV in a room full of IKEA furniture. Worse yet, the high ceilings cause echos from both the kitchen and the other guests that are constant and unpleasant.  Bottom line, it just doesn't work and the space feels underutilized.Chips and salsa, as at most such places, are complimentary fare and not much has changed here for La Paz.  Salsa is the same as I remember and is a strong point for my tastes- fresh, very finely diced to the point of near-puree, and a kick of heat.  The lunch menu I saw had some standards and some new fare, but nothing that seemed inspired or "outside the box."  With the modern space it would be exciting to see some modern takes on the standard burrito, quesadillas and tacos.  No mas here.  Tacos come two to an order with a choice of side.  My choice of this date of black beans was actually nice- black beans tasted fresh and were appropriately seasoned.  My fish tacos were a bit of a jumble though, as the fish portion seemed quite small in comparison to the slaw filling.  The fruit salsa inside also lacked vibrancy.  I do have to say, though, that our server (while seeming new to the business due to a slight sense of unease at our table) worked very hard to keep drink refills coming and then making sure we had plenty of chips and salsa.  It is obvious management is making a push here as our server also made a point to tell us about the survey/comment cards in the check folios and politely requested we fill them out unless we were in a rush.  I appreciate that- it certainly seemed like a honest request and reflected the fact that the business was new and trying to address deficiencies.  Prices for lunch were in line with what you'd expect in the neighborhood, which is another point where this La Paz just blends in with the rest of the crowd.  Obviously there is some work to be done here, but unless they can differentiate themselves from the more-established competition nearby, I can't find a compelling reason to make this place a regular.
2	The Thrill and the Legend are gone...Once upon a time, La Paz was one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the Charlotte area.  So I eagerly awaited the return of this Charlotte Legend, after they shut down their South Blvd. operations.  In many ways, I feel the wait was all for nothing.I went here, Friday, January 6th on my birthday with a couple of friends.  Its worth noting that at the time, I believe the new La Paz had only been open for business for about 3 or 4 days.  With that being said, our waiter was a cool dude, with a endearing personality, that made me feel a bit better about the otherwise mostly negative aspects of the evening.  Top of these was the fact that it literally took 45min to an hour for my party of four to receive our food upon placing our orders.  Luckily it was my birthday, so there were  tequila shots flowing, which definitely helped pass the time. The tequila however, was not enough to offset the fact that the table-side guacamole we ordered was extremely bland.  We had to saturate it with salt and pepper just to give it any taste at all.  When our food finally arrived and hour after we ordered, I have to say I felt let down.  There's no other way to put it.  I ordered the gordo burrito with chicken.  As I remember, the gordo burrito version at the old location was huge and packed with cheeses, queso, meats, and all the other Mexican fillings you'd expect in a monster burrito.  I felt the present version of the gordo was small, skimpy and lacked a healthy serving of chicken.  As for my guess; its not that they felt their food was bad, they stated it was just missing that little something that takes a meal and a restaurant from good to great.The other sad thing about La Paz redux, is that it feels very corporate.  Nothing from the food, location, bar, or ambiance inside feels authentic or real.  It feels like its being run by people who are more concerned with trendiness and the bottom line, than great tasting food.  To me, this is the definition of a place that "SOLD OUT".  Everything was just OK, and in my book, "OK" is a disappointment for an establishment that once had it all.  Remember the old saying, "Legends don't die, they just fade away"?  Well, this new rendition of La Paz has proven that the legend of great food, service, atmosphere, drinks, and location are truly dead and gone.
5	I am a huge fan of La Paz from my days in Atlanta, Ga.  I visited the South Blvd location many times and just experienced the new La Paz restaurant at Metropolitan.  The food and beverages were awesome as usual and the service was excellent. The dining room is very large and the decor fit the feel perfect. for an enjoyable meal. I will be visiting La Paz many more time in the near future.
5	I work nearby the new La Paz, and I stop in a lot for lunch. I really like their housemade salsa and hot sauce. I usually order their black bean burger, or spicy New Mexican quesadilla.
1	How do can I describe La Paz? Well lets see, lousy service, below average food that is over priced in a trendy neighborhood that is the best description of this place.
3	Saw that this place was coming to Metro and thought it was going to be another run of the mill mexi restaurant...and it seems to be so. Huge bar, margaritas, tacos, quesadillas, free chips and salsa. Pretty much the basics. Definitely a safe haven for the taco-seeking diner. One thing that sets La Paz apart is their Tamales. They are handmade in-house and are delicious. perfectly tender, just a little dry, hint of spice and the presentation is just as it should be. I got the pork Tamales. They come with slivered almonds and raisins and a few veggies mixed in. If you've ever had a sweet fruit like apricots, dates or raisins with pork, you know how much of a marriage it can be. This was nothing less than a welcomed flavor. Savory, salty and sweet with the pairing of a fresh Tamale. Definitely the bread-winner of the establishment. The rest of the dish was mediocre at best. Standard ramekin of black beans. "Roasted" veggie medley which was in desperate need of flavor. The sides were lackluster and were left untouched. My wife had the mushroom and spinach fajitas. Not too bad with all of the mise en place that came with, but there seemed to be a hint of soy in the veggies. I'm not calling shenanigans, but I'm thinking the chef is using soy sauce on their fajitas. Strange....We at at a sunny, outside table. Service was friendly and attentive. Not sure what goes on in the kitchen, though. Took over 30 minutes to get our food. Seems like they need to get some kinks worked out. A-OK by me. Nothing spectacular, but I'll definitely be back for some Tamales.
4	im from tx and i miss my texmex...yes this place reminded me of my texmex food because i have been so deprived probably..yes this is a chain but i dont care....reason being the chips were delicious and fresh, salsa was nice and chunky and had that wateryness to it. throw in a big burrito and some chili con queso and im a happy guy. this place is good and i really enjoyed my meal
4	Great drink selection. The queso dip and nachos make it worth the trip.
3	I haven't been to La Paz since I moved to Charlotte in 2004 and it was located over on South Blvd.  Why?  It was just okay, and I discovered Cantina 1511 soon after.  Since La Paz moved to Midtown, we decided to give it another shot.  After making reservations on OpenTable, my first impression of the restaurant was giving my name and time of reservation to the apathetic host and having him bluntly reply, "I can't hear you."  Not "I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you over the noise" or "Sorry, I wasn't listening because I was staring at someone over at the bar."  The host walked us through the restaurant, past the bar area, through one dining room, and into the 2nd one with floor to ceiling glass windows.  For the noise level and it being a Saturday night at dinnertime, I was surprised the restaurant wasn't more full.  We immediately noticed that the restaurant didn't have much atmosphere.  There was very little decor and even less to indicate it was a Mexican restaurant.  Luckily, we were seated in a booth in this second dining room, because my partner said the table section covering most of the room looked and felt like a cafeteria.   Our server quickly greeted us, took our drink orders, and brought us chips and salsa.  I was surprised that the salsa was actually very fresh and delicious.  It looked like it was made with pureed chargrilled tomatoes, my favorite.   I ordered one of their specialty margaritas -- a vampiro.  It was like a cross between a margarita and sangria.  It came in a little tumbler glass instead of a margarita glass.  It tasted good, but for $10 and being a Mexican restaurant, I guess I expected a bit more presentation.   My partner ordered the Mexican Mojito, made with cilantro in place of the traditional mint.  This tasted pretty good (and sweet!) and came in a tall glass.  Our server came by after we depleted our salsa, but still had some more chips remaining.  He asked if he could bring us more.  I asked him for just salsa; no more chips. Our dinners took quite awhile to be delivered from the time we ordered.  Usually, Mexican meals are brought out so quickly that you don't have enough time to rest a bit after snacking on the chips and salsa.  Soon after the entrees were delivered by someone else, our server immediately appeared with our salsa.  He didn't forget; it just took 15-20 minutes.  I tried the Chicken Street Tacos.  They came with two sides of my choice.  I appreciated the option of getting something different other than the starch-heavy rice and beans.  I opted for the guacamole and a salad, two "healthier" options.  It was a lot of food, though, and I couldn't finish the salad.  The food all tasted really good.After finishing, it took too long to get our check and then even longer to complete the payment process.  All in all, we were in the restaurant for an hour and a half, and not by our own doing. Would we come back?  Not with other, much better Mexican restaurant options in Charlotte (did I mention Cantina 1511?).  The food was good, but the service and atmosphere really bring the place down.  Atmosphere - 2 starsService - 3 starsFood - 4 starsLastly, the room we were seated in happened to be the large party room.  There were a few large-sized tables in there with groups partying.   We were the only couple seated there.  I noticed that the (young) manager on duty was seated at one of them with his buddies the entire time, only getting up once in a while when one of the servers needed him.  Way to go, manager guy.  You working or partying?  No wonder the service isn't great when the manager can't even get his act together.
3	We originally wanted Mama R's only to get there and realize it was a Prom Saturday, so we headed nearby to see what we could try. We get to La Paz and they initially quoted a 10 minute wait. We were starving, so this was music to our ears. Good thing we are pretty patient because we ended up waiting closer to 25 min for a table. Note to young host: better to err in more minutes and wait less , not  vice versa.  A fresh ( or seemed) salsa and chips are the start of the meal. Pretty tasty. He had the Acapulco Shrimp(mango salsa, avocado,onions, blk beans, peppers and coconut rice)and I tried the Tamarind Citrus Chicken ( marinated chicken, queso fresco, blk beans, coconut rice, avocado , mango salsa) He really cleaned his plate, but I could have left the orangy glaze from chicken. Tamarind and the glaze just did not fuse well for me. Will try something else on a future visit. Our server was ok and the prices were reasonable.
1	This was the 3rd time I went to the new location at the Metropolitan, and 3rd time was NOT a charm.  Service- The hosts were not presentable at all, they weren't even wearing all black or dressed nice and not friendly.  The waitress took forever to come to our table. The food took about an hour to come to our table, only to find out that it wasn't our food!!  Mind you there were only 4 tables in the whole restaurant! They set out the food tray on the stand, made us drool and then picked it up and went the other way.  Food--The guacamole was very bland and the queso was not traditional queso.  It tasted like velveeta microwaved cheese.  The fajitas were OK.  Honestly, I don't know why everyone says that this is a Mexican restaurant.  This place is totally Tex-Mex.  There is a big difference between the two.  And it's not even good Tex-Mex!  Never coming back again. Especially not after my bill was $35 when I can get the same food that is much tastier at a REAL Mexican place elsewhere in Charlotte for not even half the price!
4	I am very surprised at the average rating for La Paz. I have been there many times and left impressed (and very full) each time. This is my first time posting a review for them, so I will try to summarize my experiences there. The food quality is definitely above average for Mexican restaurants. I would say it is quite on par with 1900 Mexican Grille and Cantina 15-11. The cocktails are very good as well. I am not much of a liquor drinker myself but my date loved their margaritas. The customer service was excellent. I believe I have had a different waiter/waitress each time and they each seemed very knowledgeable about their dinner and drinks menu and also very friendly and attentive. It is usually very crowded, especially for dinner, so being waited on rather than having to wait is crucial. Each time the store owner has made a point to greet us and ask how our experience has been. He even shared his business card with me (which had his personal cell number on it) so that we can call ahead and get the prime seats. I recommend this place to anyone who likes good quality Mexican food.
3	Was there for a gathering and they gave us free nachos and quesadillas. Everyone was quite helpful and friendly. Some of the drinks took a while to show, but overall was very happy with experience there. Would return.
2	This place was lame.  Weak margaritas.  Our server was nice but you could tell she was green.  A couple of us ordered the "jalapeno slaw" as a side and this stuff was like plain old boring cole slaw.  We addressed this to our server who took it to the cook who said basically, "that's the way it is."  Where was a manager?  Food took a while too.  I was traveling through but I would not return.
2	La Paz, now located at the Metropolitan complex, has taken a downturn since it moved from the South Boulevard location. Even when it was on South I felt much of the authenticity had been lost following the move from the original location in a charming house in Myers Park off Providence Road. Now it feels like another big box chain - without being a chain! My recent dinner was ho-hum, nothing fantastic, nothing horrible. The waitstaff was obviously green and despite the huge space being close to empty on a Sunday evening it took a long time for us to find our waitress to pay our check. I appreciate that La Paz has a diverse menu including salads other than a taco shell with iceberg and several vegetarian dishes but I am on the hunt for an authentic, good and inexpensive Mexican staple in Charlotte. I have a few places I plan to try coming up - what's your favorite and why?
3	After two additional visits- one on the Foodie Tour where we made mojitos and guacamole and dinner friends I have slightly elevated my thoughts on the new La Paz. Thursday night is $4 margaritas. Which are served in a hefty water glass. Sundays means $4 sangria which I would like to try. I had the Mexican Flag enchilada trio. The best being the spinach and goat cheese one. Everything else is pretty middle of the road. I would go back for more spinach and goat cheese enchiladas. Sit in the bar area for tons of extra large flat screens.
4	Husband and I tried La Paz for lunch today. It actually used to be located much closer to us, in the South End neighborhood, and we had always talked about going but never got around to it before it moved.Anyway, the setting is nice. Very open and spacious, with great light pouring in from outside. Our waitress was prompt with chips (still hot) and two heaping dishes of fresh salsa, which proved spicy and delicious. It's a good blend of chunky and smooth, and has fire-roasted flavors that come through really well.Husband ordered the Tuesday lunch special - 3 tacos for $6. He chose beef and crispy, though chicken and soft versions are also available.I was in the mood for something a little fancier, so I went with the Baja Fish tacos, which come in an order of 2 with one side of your choice, all for $11. Honestly, these should be called Seafood tacos, because your choices are cod or shrimp, prepared sauteed or fried, and since I was debating between the two fillers, I asked for a recommendation and went with the waitress's suggestion of shrimp, sauteed. I also asked for corn tortillas instead of the flour ones that come standard with the dish.We didn't have to wait too long for our entrees to come out, but in the meanwhile, drink and salsa refills were prompt.Our plates looked awesome when they came out! Husband had 3 heaping crispy tacos filled with ground beef and overflowing with lettuce, cheese and tomatoes. After demolishing his plate, he said that they were pretty good, but that he wished he'd ordered something a little more off the beaten path, and that his meal had sort of reminded him of a higher-quality Taco Bell.I definitely had the winner of our two plates. Unfortunately, my phone was dead and sitting at home on the charger, or else I'd have some glamour shots to share with you of this beauty. My tacos, packed in two soft corn tortillas each, had three HUGE seasoned shrimp apiece, along with cabbage slaw, a big creamy ripe slice of avocado, and a little slather of spiced crema (described on the menu as "chipotle tartar sauce"). On the side was a tiny pile of mixed greens topped with bright, sweet & tangy mango salsa, and my side of choice, a cup of black beans with some crumbled cotija on top. The shrimp were juicy and bursting with flavor, and all of the components of the dish played well together to compose a veritable symphony for my mouth. I added some of the fire roasted salsa (left over from the chips) for even more kick, but they were great even without it. My beans were awesome too, very flavorful, rich, and with a velvety, creamy texture. I did not want to stop eating those beans, ever, but alas, my stomach ran out of room.While Husband did not feel that his meal was the best he could have chosen from their varied menu, and said he likely would not order the special again, he was impressed by his tastes of my dish, and by the high quality of the ingredients and service throughout our meal. We'll definitely be back. As for me, I think I might have found a new favorite Mexi joint...
4	Perfect location and a nice venue.   have not been disappointed every time I have come in.  The mojitos are rocking and they have started a lot of new/fun nights.  Mexican Bingo, Dancing, etc.  Give them a shot, you won't be dissapointed.
4	First of all...great location! The fajitas were good. They had zuchinni which I don"t recall ever having in a fajita. The outside seating is great. You don"t get a full view of uptown like neighboring Dressler's but it's nice. They have descent margaritas and good quesadillas.
4	The only reason I had not been into La Paz's new location any sooner is because of some of the bad reviews on here. What's up with that? I didn't grow up on Mexican home-cooking, but I thought my lunch was delicious and I will absolutely be back. The chips and salsa were promptly brought to the table and were in my opinion, delicious. The chips were just salty enough and had a great corn flavor. Not greasy and stale like some Mexican restaurants. I loved the salsa, which was flavorful and not watery (a HUGE pet peeve).  The side of guac we ordered was up to par with fresh chunks of avocado so you know it was not from a bag (or if it was, how can I get my hands on that fresh avocado chunk bag?)For my entree, I ordered the Baja Fish Tacos, with sauteed shrimp, ginger lime cabbage and mango salsa.  You had me at ginger lime cabbage.  This was seriously great! It was creative, flavorful and down right delicious. I had black beans as my side, served with a healthy sprinkling of cheese.  The Cucumberita was my refreshment of choice (because it's 5:00 somewhere??). A delicious margarita with an extra pop of flavor from muddled cucumbers. An excellent choice if you are looking to mix up your traditional margarita. I had eaten at the old La Paz on South Blvd. and actually thought this was better. Maybe it was what I ordered? If that is the case, get what I had and you won't be disappointed.
4	I need to update this review based on some changes La Paz has recently made to their recipes and their service (my highest weighted criteria).  Our recent waiter, Ryan, was great and on top of everything. So that alone really improved my thoughts of this place.  They also updated drink recipes (some margaritas) to make them more delicious, and also food recipes (the jalapeno coleslaw was incredible!).This place is more of a restaurant/bar that has a Mexican theme, rather than a Mexican restaurant.  The drinks and appetizers are great and there are plenty of TVs in the bar area to watch games.
4	I read so many bad reviews early on that I only tried the new La Paz location because someone else in our group picked the location. I was so surprised that I really liked it! They have an awesome margarita menu, a unique wine list and almost anything you could ask for on a Tex-Mex menu. The food was fresh, hot and came in big potions- very good for sharing. We'll definitely be back.
4	Portions and flavors were excellent!  Price was fair for our meal - very comparable with other restaurants in the neighborhood.
5	Great experience. Fast and great service. Had the Mexican flag enchilada. One of the best dishes I have had in a Mexican restaurant.  Easy parking.
3	Had dinner here with friends for the first time last night. Overall, I was a little disappointed. The chips and salsa were pretty good. I had the veggie burrito as my main meal even though I really wanted to try the baja shrimp tacos! Anyway, I should have gone with my initial gut menu choice as the burrito was just so-so. They put some kind of pico in the burrito which I do not believe was mentioned on the menu (I could be wrong), but it was not creating a good taste for me. The rice seemed pretty good but I only had a few bites. I got a salad as my other side (instead of beans) and it was a fairly large salad but mostly greens. There were some tomatoes but they were chopped into very small pieces and there were only a few. I would like to give this place one more try but so far, I'm not all that impressed!
1	Ate at La Paz years ago with little reason to return. Decided to try them again and yep...remember the lackluster flavors and friendly if not horribly disorganized service. When the waitress asked about the food, we mentioned the bad rice and she admitted that depending on who was in the kitchen changed how the food tasted. Nice.  BTW, our waitress was sweet and helpful despite the disorganization or lack of staff...wasn't sure what kept them MIA.  Don't waste your time or money...there are dozens of great Mexican restaurants in this town.
5	La Paz definitely has the best margaritas in town hands down. Even on a busy weekend night the service is impeccable also. They do take reservations so utilize that and you should have no problem. The queso is a good choice for an appetizer and while I've tried a variety of their dishes I really love their quesadillas. They also have different events that they host throughout the year so if you follow them on facebook you can keep up with what they have going on.
2	Just 'okay' is the word that comes to this restaurant.  I tried it for the third time over the weekend and I told my neighbor that I would never go back.Lacking spice and just good food overall. The service isn't stellar either.  If you're looking for good Mexican in Charlotte you're better of heading to Don Pedros.
1	Wow, this place sucks. While waiting for our table, we were repeatedly ignored by the bartender. We must have appeared too we'll groomed in contrast to the rest of the patronage. We had a party of 8. After all the food was dumped on the table, the W. Va. hick that was serving us came over to me and said, "you must not have ordered", which I certainly did because, that day, I had only eaten an apple and I was starving.  I do love it when I am assigned blame for a service mistake by my waitress.  So, at that point, I decided to forgo a meal and just have tequila - to kill the pain of listening to the insolent and aggressively poor-performing waitress and to help me better assess next steps for the evening. I ordered a shot for me and the guy next to me. She asked if I wanted salt and a lime. I said no. The shots came with salt and a lime.  Worse, I think the "shots" may have been premixed margaritas without ice.  They were certainly not the Cuervo that we had requested. So, I asked for two Patron shots, which were just what the doctor ordered. After action assessment in brief - worst service I have had in years, maybe ever - can't even get tequila right - horrible patronage (could have been some LA5 gang members in there) - can't assess food because I was never given any, but chips were ok. Recommendation - 1) don't go - 2) if you have to go, order a shot of Patron immediately - 3) make sure you get some food The combination of food and Patron will dull the pain.
1	I love Mexican food and was excited when my group chose this place. After being seated with no menus for at least ten minutes, we got up and asked if someone was going to help us. We were finally helped, but service was still slow, the food was not good, and to top it off they added gratuity to our tab. I will never return!  1900 or Azteca are so much better and cheaper.
3	Stopped in here for lunch last week and it was just fine!  It is located right at the Met and has parking in the horrible parking garage across the street - be careful - it is so crowded!  There is outdoor seating as well as a HUGE dining room.  I ordered the taco salad and was surprised when the waitress asked 'what dressing'.  That's the first time I have been to a mexican restaurant where they wanted to give me dressing with a taco salad.  So I declined the dressing and the rest is as you would expect.  It was a good price for a TON of food.  Everyone else really liked their meals and I loved the old La Paz's guac so I am sure I would love it here but didn't try it this time.Service was really fast and friendly.  Would be back - especially to sit outside in the summer!!
1	I was instantly confused by the decor at La Paz. The sprawling blue bar looks completely out of place compared to the rest of the dining area. I ordered the Mexican flag trio of enchiladas, and none of the three varieties were good. The flavors of tamarind chicken citrus filet was extremely overpowering and sweet. And the margaritas were not great either. I won't be back to La Paz.
3	It was slow on  a Saturday night but the service AND food was amazing.the bbq pork nachos and the chicken tacos were AMAZING! convenient to Best Buy, Target, etc. I'd LOVE to live in METRO just to take the elevator down to La Paz or ANY of the other cool joints on the first level!
3	Instead of our regular mexican night at Don Pedro's, some friends and I decided to give this place a try. Decor was interesting. Service was pretty good. The queso dip was fantastic! The food wasn't extraordinary, but wasn't terrible. I ordered the Gordo burrito with beef. Nothing spectacular. I was a little disappointed. I think I've had better burritos from a food truck to say the least.The rice and beans were lacking in flavor. I think it's safe to say we will be returning to Don Pedro's.
2	Likely the only Mexican place I've ever visited and hated the food.  The burrito I had was not edible.  Service is slow and unhappy to be there. Should be one star,  but I gave them a two since they have reasonably priced drinks.  Only head here if you need a drink in the Met.
5	I remember La Paz being located off of South Blvd for years and we would go there all the time. Now they have relocated towards uptown in the Metropolitan area. What can I say, absolutely  love it!! Amazing food, atmosphere, and MARGARITAS are the best in Charlotte. Hands down La Paz makes the best margarita to man. I have tried the pomegranate. skinny, the original, and the original with mango. The pomegranate is my favorite, but it is a bit pricey for a drink. If your looking for a margarita that goes down light and taste yummy, I recommend the skinny margarita. It's affordable and fantasticly made. The bartenders are on point with their drinks.I have eaten almost everything on the menu and the food is all Amazing. I have never had a bad experience at La Paz. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is inviting, and the food is awesome. Right when you sit down they bring you chips, and 2 different kinds of salsa (red and green base). We always order the queso. It's a bit spicy, but it melts in your mouth the bomb. The decor is brightly lit and they have a patio which is nice to sit at. Sometimes a band is playing outside as well. My boyfriend and I are huge cantina eaters and we go to La Paz on a regular basis.
2	This restaurant is okay; it's just not great. Regarding the decor, I like the TVs in the bar area. But overall, the place doesn't seem as warm and welcoming as I like. Maybe it's the high ceilings. Even with the big furniture, the place still feels a little empty. Maybe it needs more pictures on the wall or a different color scheme? The food was good, but not great. The chips and salsa were pretty standard. My friend requested salsa verde, which looked more like guacamole than salsa. It didn't taste bad, but the consistency was unexpected. We asked the waiter about it and he acknowledged that sometimes it's prepared differently depending on who's working in the kitchen. I ordered a fajita combo; I chose the portobello with spinach and the shrimp. I also ordered a traditional margarita on the rocks with a salt rim.  The drink was average. I finished it, but I wouldn't order it again.  My fajita was good. But I'm not sure it was worth the price.  My bill was $30 for a fajita and margarita. I would give this place 2 and a half stars if I could. Its in a good location (I love the metropolitan).  The food was good, but it's not a good value. I wasn't impressed with the decor. I doubt that I'll return. There are so many other Mexican restaurants in CLT that are better.
4	The loopy margarita is amazing! i love it because i love mexican food and having a good cold drink with it but i am a vodka drinker so this was perfect! Chicken enchiladas are amazing! Fun outdoor seating as well with great view of city.
3	This place was mediocre. Simply stated. We came here on a Friday night, sat outside, which was a nice environment. There was a live 3 man band, playing frank Sinatra, no complaints there+2. We ordered margaritas, classic lime flavored on the rocks. They were good +2! Definitely would recommend the margaritas, but that's where it stops. The chips and salsa were "fine", but that's because IMO it takes a lot to mess up chips and salsa. Chips were crunchy, salty and tasted fresh +1. However, their salsa was the blandest thing of salsa ever -1. Entrees, hubby got a classic burrito, he said it was good +2. We both got rice and beans and the beans were fine, but the rice had zero flavor. I ordered three flour tacos with chicken, onions, cilantro, and cabbage. Not bad, but it was missing something -2. The meal comes with an avocado type salsa but it didn't compliment the tacos right. Looking more for a verde salsa or something similar. The service was good. We had to ask for a few refills-1, but other than that, he was great to give us space and enjoy our time outside. This place definitely doesn't stand out as good Mexican food to come back, however the location is cool with the live band if your interested in that.
3	This place wasn't anything out of the ordinary. Slow service on a non busy day. Typical Mexican food you'll find in just about any other Americanized Mexican restaurant - tacos, fajitas, quesadillas, guacamole, etc. Servers weren't sure if the refried beans contained pork fat or not. It was always a different answer each time. Suspect.
3	This place is a just ok Mexican spot to grab lunch or dinner in the Met area. We came on Saturday for lunch because we were in the area Christmas shopping.The chips and salsa were actually pretty good. The chips were overly salty but we just wiped off the salt and it was no biggie! I actually really liked the salsa.We decided to split the Mexican flag enchiladas. Basically, it was a spinach enchilada, chicken enchilada, and steak enchilada with refried beans and coconut rice (though, I am 99% sure that it was just regular rice). The food was good. The enchiladas kinda mixed together so it was a big old mix of cheese, sauce, and meats......hey, count me in! I believe the enchiladas were around $14 or so but it was plenty to split! The refried beans were kinda burnt tasting so I just let my garbage disposal of a husband eat them!Overall, standard Mexican style food.
4	I did take out, so can't speak to the service that you would get if you eat dine-in. The food is tasty, but I can definitely say that I like the atmosphere/decor of the old South Blvd location better. Will I be back? Oh yea!
1	My first visit to La Paz was last Sunday during the panther playoff game. My friends and I were looking forward to having a good time but the service we received made it worse than the panthers losing! There were only 2 servers working so it took a whirl to get our order taken and after waiting 20 minutes for someone to acknowledge us we had to go to the bar and order there.  When the server finally came to take our orders and we had devoured out chips n salsa due to hunger he rushed us to get them. To make matters worse after 30 minutes our food did not come so we asked the server to check and he never came back and we had to take  repeated trips to the bar to get our own drinks. Another 20 minutes passed and our server reappeared saying that our order was up next. We waited another 20 minutes and the order never arrived and when we inquired we were told that the kitchen must have messed up but by then we were so upset that we told him not to bother. Let's just say we will not be returning to La Paz!
3	After visiting once I thought everything was OK, but wanted to give La Paz a second shot before my review. With that said, it didn't change. Overall, everything was just okay. The chips were blah, not real hot and not real fresh, just okay. I did enjoy the salsa. As for my entrees, I chose the fajitas and there were about four pieces of chicken and a plate of veggies. Where was the chicken? Accompanied with pretty blah rice and beans. However, I did enjoy the side of guacamole. The location is a lot nicer than the old South Blvd. location, but as I felt at that location, they don't have the flavor and freshness they did years ago. With so many New Mexican restaurants out there, I wish they would focus on better tasting food.
5	Best Chips and Salsa, best Guacamole, delicious Steak and Spinach salad! Clean and nice atmosphere. Even the restroom was great.
3	The place has great Margaritas IF you can go on the days that they drink specials. But in my opinion, a basic margarita should not cost $8. As much as I want to like the food, it's just not that great. Growing up in Texas, I know what good Tex-Mex is and this place just doesn't cut it. The staff is wonderful and friendly and the atmosphere is pretty cool also but the food is just not up to my standards.
4	If you are gluten free like me you have a hard time finding places to eat and your go to choice will always be Mexican.  So here I am looking forward to atone good food when I find out the tamales have trace amounts of wheat flower in them and their streak in marinated in soy sauce.  I was very disappointed yup heart this but I had a backup meal thought out, the spinach and goat cheese enchiladas, which we're good if not a little spicy, but I like some spice every once in a while.  Over all, I would say their lunch menu is normal for any gf person with tacos and other corn tortilla options available, but their dinner menu has a better range of choices for me so from now on I will be a night owl visitor!
2	The waiter brought a bloody burger to me ....ugh I asked for well done........this is not good
1	Great food but terrible service on a Saturday evening. Drinks were not replenished once and server made promises then forgot to follow through. Would not recommend eating here on the weekend if you expect quality service. Great during the week when it's slower.
5	A few people have told me that La Paz just isn't the same since their move. Back in the day, they were a frequent lunch place of mine when they were on South Blvd.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but went with an open mind.On my first visit I had the fish tacos - well one fish and one shrimp.  They were very accommodating in allowing me to try one of each.  They were good.  I would order them again.The five stars come from my second visit.  I had the shrimp and steak salad.  They cook the steak perfectly to medium, as requested and the salad is simply phenomenal!   Their sun-dried tomato vinaigrette is delicious and was the perfect match.  If you have to eat a healthy salad, this is the one to pick.  The meat is spicy, tender and char-grilled.  If you go to La Paz with expectations of their former self you might be disappointed.  I think they did a great job.  New look, new menu....just the name remains.  Plus, their house wine is one of my favorites.  How can that be bad?
1	I went here on a Tuesday night about 7:00 pm. When we walked in there was about 6-8 people waiting to be sat. After about 5 minutes someone finally came and sat the people waiting in front of us. We stood there for 5 more minutes with people lining up behind us. Finally someone (maybe the manager) yelled over and said it would be at least 10 more minutes before anyone could seat us. We asked why and he said the outside area was full. We left and went to Hickory Tavern instead. As we walked by we only noticed two or three tables sat inside and 8 outside... Not sure if they were very short staffed or what.
1	Very simple: Poor service-Over chargedWe came in with a group of 7 (not very large in my opinion), We just ate and had 1 or 2 drinks a piece (birthday dinner before going out). My food took 20 minutes longer than everyone else, despite ordering the same thing as one of the others. They were kind and waited for me, causing their food to get cold (i begged them just to eat ahead of me, and i would eat alone when it came out). After that poor service, I was still automatically charged a 20% tip... 20%..20 is for someone offering good service. Having my meal come out 20 minutes after everyone else is NOT good service. in fact, it really ruins a meal. I don't agree with an automatic good tip (regardless of how many people), automatic 15%, ok i can see why that is necessary, but an automatic 20%..automatic good tip regardless of service (and in this case, bad service).. i will never go again. food wasn't great, service was BAD (half of us didn't drink, the other half had 2 drinks, but we still had to flag the waitress down for those drink or anything else.  (I crossed out the tip and wrote the amount and signed my check, they still charged my account for the tip, i believe this is illegal, as the receipt i signed did not have the tip on it)TLDR- They will force you to leave a good tip, even after the blatantly give you Poor service.
1	We came here for taco Tuesday. After waiting almost an hour and a half we were thinking, "well you can't really go wrong with dollar tacos".... then La Paz did. I've been here a handful of times and have consistently gotten bad service.
2	This is my first time at LaPaz. I never went to the old location and if it's anything like the new one I'm not impressed. We had a party of 8 and our server Samara was decent. The food wasn't great. The rice and refried beans were bland. The queso and salsa weren't  bad, but the guacamole wasn't the best, too much lime and not enough salt.  My homemade version is better. Probably won't be back anytime soon.
3	I ate here for the first time today, I really like Mexican food so I was looking for something good. Well I've had better, I got chicken tacos, black beans and Mexican rice.  The rice was so hard it's like it was Mexican fried rice....wow.  Any who the tacos were ok, some of the chicken pieces were a little hard but other than that they were ok. The beans were ok nothing to exciting, the place looked better than the food taste. Not sure if I'll go back, the lunch menu is very limited. Oh well.............
3	Pretty basic. The food isn't amazing and it's not horrible either. If you're looking for nourishment, GO. One plus is the atmosphere. If you eat in the back part of the restaurant, you're surrounded by windows so that's pretty cool.
2	Meh.  Sure to please the gringos looking for bland Americanized McMexican fare.   A couple extra touches would help, like warming up the chips. I didn't try the drinks, so no comment there. Location and atmosphere are nice.
3	Food was average. Service was slow. House margarita was average. Could go someone cheaper for the quality of food.
4	Best quesadilla I've ever had! Me and some coworkers ate here for lunch today; it was most of our first times here. This food is definitely Americanized... But it doesn't mean that it isn't good. They give out baskets of chips to nibble on. They weren't very warm like I expected them to be but they were very goodThe menu is not as broad as most Cantinas but there were some good choices. I got the Arizona quesadilla half which was extremely filling. Other coworkers got a tamale plate, fajitas, and a veggie quesadilla. No complaints from our table. Service was good and prices were reasonable. Will definitely be returning.
2	This place is pretty bad.  I met a friend here on Monday night at 5:30 for dinner.  The restaurant was pretty dead during this time frame and our dinners still took like 30 or so mins to come out for some reason.I ordered the steak street tacos and they were really bad.  My tortillas all broke as I was eating my tacos - never had that happen before.  The steak was super fatty and gross and chewy - not a fan. The meal also came with sides of beans & Spanish rice. The rice had obviously been sitting out forever under a heat light and was so dried out and gross - I only had a bite. I didn't even attempt to eat the slop of beans.It was pretty pricey for the quality of food I got - I didn't even ask for a box to bring the leftovers home to my husband who isn't picky at all since I didn't think he'd even want to eat this food.This place is a huge miss - I wouldn't go back.
3	Here to Charlotte on a business trip for a week and I was graving for Mexican food since I am from Southern California.  I had the burrito and was okay.  Not very authentic but will do for Charlotte.  Service was extremely slow!!
2	Order consisted of queso, guacamole and assorted tacos. In brief lacking in flavor. The guacamole was not flavorful at all. Slow, inattentive service. Many better choices out there for mexican. Will not be back.
2	Boring!! That's the best word I have for my lunch today! I ordered spicy shrimp fajitas and not only did my plate come with only 8 tiny shrimp, they had no flavor at all.I kept wondering why there was no one else in the place on a Saturday at noon and now I know why - I will never come back here.
1	My friend and I ate here on Dec 6th, 2014. The service was absolutely horrible and the food to match. We waited over 40 minutes for lunch with no one in the restaurant. I will never go again. We got the trio enchiladas...gross!
3	Not too bad, decent nachos - but their Chicken Tortilla Soup is awesome! very very spicy, but awesome!Best Tip about this place: they are a host location for Wine & Canvas!
