3	A few weeks back a couple of Yelp/Facebook friends made a big deal out of going here for lunch.  Well, not quite here but a location in Tempe.  The reviews looked good but that was too far for me to drive for lunch.  After checking the website it turns out the Mesa franchisee opened this location in February of 2008 right across the street from Glendale Community College.I got there right at midday and the place was over half full, mostly college kids but a few workers from the area too.  Things look to be in a bit of disarray but I think that is deliberate.  Because all of their sandwiches are toasted be prepared to wait for the bread to toast.I had an 8" White Widow (chicken with ranch dressing and a bunch of other stuff) on garlic bread and a bowl of cheddar broccoli soup to which they added shredded cheese and mushrooms on top of.  It was all pretty good, toasting the sub roll first adds a bit of a nice twist to the standard sandwich shop. Total with a soda and tax was $9.86 and I was full.They could have done with a bit more often cleaning of tables and common areas, but this was lunch time with a younger crowd of customers. Overall I would say about 3.4.  I would definitely go again.
4	It had long been a dream of The Rob to open his very open Cheba Hut near GCC.  When we recently found out that someone had beaten him to it, he was a bit sad but also excited for the now close proximity of his favorite herbal-themed eatery.  This location is located in a strip mall along with a Circle K, tattoo parlor and Trails.  (If you're familiar with the area, Trails took over the large space once occupied by the nudie bar and Cheba Hut took over the old Trails space.)Whether you're a big ol' stoner or a sober square like myself you'll enjoy the tasty sandwiches with funny names.  We even took The Rob's parents for a visit so that his conservative, vegetarian mom and his formerly-tie-die-wearing dad could enjoy the goodness, which they most certainly did.Only complaints: 1) Pepsi products instead of Coke2) As stated before, the toasting does take a little while, so you have to wait a little bit for them to bring your sandwich to the topping bar.3) Lacking in chip selection.  I mean, c'mon, you run an establishment themed around the chronic and you don't offer BAKED chips?
3	I've only beeen here once, but the service was bad enough to write about, whether it was a fluke or per usual.Which sucks, because the food was pretty good and the atmoshpere 'like way phun, dude'.   It was neat to see Tommy Chong and his wife in photo on the wall, sitting at a crappy table, enjoying the grub.I also got to reminisce about all the clandestine times I had in this very building when it was a crappy, hole in the wall head shop instead of a crappy hole in the wall sandwich shop, and I was the longhaired leaping gnome tie dyed store manager with my '59 VW panel van parked out front.But all my daydreaming came to an end when I saw Dopey and Grumpy, the two painted and peirced up grrrls they had running the show, put the big Bogart on customer service skills.  (There was no GIVE in their puffpuffgive equation.)The lady that had the misfortune to arrive at the ordering counter a few minutes after I received my Aculpolco Gold BBQ chicken sandwhich was there a full 4 1/2 minutes before placing her order.  The whole time, Dopey was in the back area, doing dishes by the sound of it, while Grumpy stood out behind the counter near the grilling area on a personal cell phone call.  She was yelling, crying, dropping F-bombs, and just bleeding drama, while speaking, come to find out, to her mother.  Never a word or even glance at poor, mousey customer, who also said nothing.  Eventually Dopey came back up front and the order ensued, but while it was being made, everyone in the building got the irie joy of hearing Grumpy repeat back to Dopey everything we'd just heard from the phone call.The owners should put as much effort into having just the right Customer Service as they do into having just the right Look for their staff.   Instead of a Suicide Grrl with crusty hair serving it with bad attitude or indifference, I'd rather have a nerdy, ponytailed, hornrimmed glasses and cardigan wearing book-worm serve me my silly drug-named sandwich with a subtle smile and wink.  As a matter of fact, that sounds kind of sexy...
4	I'm so happy that I live almost across the street from this joint!  (pun intended)  Great sandwhiches, fun atmosphere, and like I said, perfect location.  Pros:  many choices of sandwhiches and sizes            Plenty of snacks and such            Great Decor            Fun music always playingCons:  A little pricey             A tad less than stellar service             Could use a good cleaning
3	Well well well...my first time going to Cheba Hut and it just happened to be 420. Probably not the best day to go if you just want to try it out - why you ask? Because the lines were crazy long and people were getting upset. There were so many people, the workers seemed a little overwhelmed and had to scream out orders 3 to 4 times.They had a lot of different sandwiches to pick from and I decided to go with the AK-47 (french dip). I thought the place was cool and the weed references were pretty funny. My sandwich was good, not super special and not worth the 20-30 minute wait, but it satisfied my appetite. Oddly, the best part of Cheba Hut was that I got a free frisbee with my sandwich for 420. I wouldn't mind coming by again if I was in the neighborhood.
4	Gotta be a stoner man who loves Cheech and Chong to really appreciate the atmosphere, but if you like toasty subs with a great flavor, awesome iced tea, homemade brownies, and great mac salad, you can still show up if you're an uptight honkey.  I always find the people here super friendly, and it's funny to watch all the young punks and skateboarders stumble in and out.
4	This is my JOINT!To be BLUNT, they have some of the best subs.Cheba Hut is BLAZING a tasty trail for other sandwich shops to follow...ok, ok I'll PIPE down and leave the bud puns to the masters. This place is pretty darn good, and about the same price as Quizzno's, or whatever bland sandwich chain you've been wasting your time at.The menu is expansive, and the motif is that every item must be named after a strain of weed. My personal favorite is the white widow (chicken, bacon, mushroom, spicy ranch) and it hits the spot every time. There's also a large VEGETARIAN selection (I recommend magic mushroom) for all those true hippies out there.Even their fountain drinks impressed me. Come on, Watermelon/Grape/Cherry Kool-Aids as fountain drinks? Maybe I don't get out enough, but that is a rarity to come across.This place has the best atmosphere, friendliest staff, and tastiest ingredients. If only they baked bread on site...it would then get an unwavering 5 stars.
5	Doesn't matter what the service is, this place is awesome. Hippie/stoner vibe. "Where the only thing fried is an occasional customer". Toasted subs here beat quiznos in my book.
5	Cheba Hut in Glendale is every inch as awesome as its sister stores in Mesa and Tempe.The vibe is so open and friendly and the service is always the best.I get the five-oh sandwich on wheat bread... so good. They also have really great soups and the munchies are so good... I cant even tell you with words how much I like me a Cheba Hut Peanut Butter Brownie.
5	I may not understand all the menu name references but I understand Great sandwiches. Love the Wake n Bake. Don't be intimidated by the decor, the atmosphere is great and the wait staff is super friendly.
5	if you have seven dollars to spend on a sandwich, you can get a footlong from Quizno's or Subway, or you can get an 8-incher here, and realize exactly why you hate Quizno's and Subway. The place is marijuana-themed. I thought this was cute the first time I came here, since I'm from California, where it's virtually legal, and this was in Arizona, where Pot hadn't been legalized yet. (Although, the girl who made my food told me that AZ has recently legalized medicinal herbs, but that's a whole different story and review.)The bread they use is baked fresh every day in a nearby bakery. Their ingredients are better than Subway or Quizno's, and their prices are moderately high, but well under 10 dollars, and completely worth it. Everything on the menu shares a name with a strain of marijuana, or something from pot culture. I liked that they're permanently unable to supply a sandwich known as "Schwag," and their pork sandwich is called a 5-0.Other points of interest are their photos of Chong eating there, Kool-Aid on tap next to their soda fountains, and a huge mural covering a wall and a half depicting what appears to be Adam and Eve smoking blunts in Eden. Of course, there are stickers everywhere, flyers for raves and parties near the sandwich prep area, and really friendly staff. I honestly can't find anything wrong with this place, other than the fact that they're a lot harder to find outside of Arizona.These are honestly among the best sandwiches I've ever eaten at a restaurant. And though the place has a very heavy commitment to its theme, it avoids feeling gimmicky, and the food is definitely the star attraction. I make a pilgrimage to this restaurant every time I'm in the area.
5	Love this place. Their Toasted Subs are always great and the customer service is amazing. I hate Sub Shops but this place is great. I use to go to the one in Tempe all the time. Now that this one is so close to me I will be able to have me a White Widow Blunt more offten.
5	Want the best sub sandwich you can get?  Then head on down to Cheba Hut.  I've been here a bunch of times and every single time its great!  I pretty much just show up and pick a random new sandwich off the menu.  Not a single one has disappointed yet.  They also have salads as well.  Tonight was the first night that i tried one.  My wife had the antipasto salad and I had the southwest chicken salad.  They  were both pretty tasty.  They are large enough that they can easily be a meal on their own.While the sandwiches here are amazing the little snacks and deserts they have our amazing.  They are some crazy sounding snacks but if you've ever had the munchies all the snacks on here will sounds AMAZING.  They have peanut butter brownies, fruity pebble bars, cinnamon crunch bars, and all kinds of other yummy stuff.  Trust me they are all super tasty.Another great thing about this place is the fact that they have cool aid.  I don't know about you but I was definitely excited when I saw that.  They have also started delivering recently and this is great.To recap, stop reading and looking on here and just head out and get a tasty sandwich.  Hurry, go get it!
5	If I had a dime (hehe...) for every time I wanted delicious Cheba Hut, but was too lazy to get it...well...I forgot where I was going with that. My point is that they deliver, and within a wide radius at that. Hopefully, it's in that groovy microbus. They also cater, which is nice because let's face it--guys like me can probably eat a whole tray. I'll have them bring a platter or five to my workplace, and hopefully they can throw in some Bob Marley posters and glow in the dark stickers. Okay, I'll settle for another 4/20 frisbee.In any case, any minor complaint I had about this place is either improved or easily forgotten. I could be vegetarian and just sustain myself with your magic mushroom subs every day. Oh, the alfalfa sprouts...someone just got the munchies.
2	F*ck this place. Maybe the location in Tempe is better. First of all, just because I'm not dressed like a hippie/pothead doesn't mean I'm not one and shouldn't be treated differently. And just because you have dreds, tattoos, piercings and wear a bob marley shirt doesn't make you a true hippie. The help sucked major ass. They were all stuck up in their little hippie fantasy role thinking they are just so cool. I had my daughters with me and they were not kid friendly! We had to use the bathroom, there was no toilet paper. I had to ask and they bitched about that. "Are you sure?" No, why would I make that up? Then I order the magic mushroom pinner. She asked me what I wanted on it and then didn't even listen to me, I had to keep repeating myself. When I took a bite, it was so salty I almost had a heart attack! She said teryaki sauce came with it. You don't have to drench it with sauce, whore! So I asked for my money back just on that sub, not the drinks and not the other sub. They had a fit! "Well, we'll only refund you half  because you ate half of it!" I showed her I took two mfing bites!!! So, they reluctantly gave me $6 back. I tipped them $1 just to show I'm not the one that was the asshole. But as I drove away, I flipped them off hoping that they saw me. Remember my face, bitches!
5	Awesome! La canna or thai stick r some of my favorites!  Munchies and antipasta salad n fruity pebble treat sure do make my tummy happy
5	GREAT SANDWICHES! Trust me, these guys know about being hungry. The place is part of a great chain concept and is growing tremendously! The food has crazy amounts of flavor and they have the best snacks! Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed!
5	I love me some Cheba Hut. Great sandwiches all the time and the vibe is soooo laid back. Favorite sandwich is the Midwest Best. Toasted subs are so tasty. Come here as much as you can.
5	Seriously one of the best sandwiches you'll ever have. I've tried almost everything on their menu and have never been disappointed (even with their vegetarian sandwich!) Try the White Widow with BBQ sauce and pickles. And the snacks are awesome! A bit pricey for a sandwich shop but definitely worth it.
5	I consider myself a tough critic. When people tell me to try something new and "it's the best", I say to myself, "yeah right... I'll see about that". But no, Cheba hut is that good. Granted I *HAVE* had some poor sandwiches here, but jesus christ, nothing touches the afghani. Nothing! I've tried tons of different subs shops, and this is my favorite. Staff is always super chill (obviously) and the inside definitely does need to be remodeled, but I can't knock it. It's so good.
5	Oh man... I swear they sprinkle magic on their sandwiches. That's the only explanation I have for for craving Cheba Hut at least once a day. I've tried a handful of items and they're all delicious and unique. My favorite is the Griefo with bacon- yes a veggie sandwich WITH bacon. The hemp cream cheese is super duper! The staff is friendly and they don't speed through the orders even when there is a line and I mean that as a compliment. There's nothing worse than getting food home to find that it was thrown together in a hurry. I want to taste that love! Cheba Hut puts it in there. The decor is a bit over-the-top hippie tacky but it's a small price to pay for kool-aid and tang on tap. YUM.
5	How could you NOT LOVE Cheeba hut. Since it opened I have been gettingWHITE WIDOWwith parm, oregano, oil, chipotle mayo and pepercinis... so amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!Some of the staff is uhh.... weird tho!
4	After a hard morning of rock climbing, my buddy and I ventured here to satisfy our sandwich cravings. He was once a student at Glendale Community College which is right across the street from this sandwich shop. As such, I trusted his opinion of the area and had moderate expectations.I ended up ordering the Jamaican Red sandwich that was recommended by the cashier. The menu describes it as a sandwich construct of grilled chicken breast, green bell peppers, jalapenos, black olives, and cheddar cheese. Top it off with chipotle sauce. Freakin' delicious. A solid sandwich place with some not-so-subtle nods to weed, which is very alright with me!To conclude, it's a solid sandwich shop. More than that actually. It's a quality sandwich shop with good ingredients, great flavors, and a fun atmosphere! =)Note: Rumor has it that this place becomes crazy poppin on 4/20 and the lines become super long! But apparently they have a DJ as well for that day...?
4	Very tasty subs!I found out about Cheba Hut on MSNBC, and I was in Phoenix to DJ so i made this my first stop!I wore my Cannabis Cup tshirt that I got from the 2009 Cup in Amsterdam, and I was instantly a friend of the place!They had Simpsons playing on their TV's! :) +1 star for that!It does take a bit longer than Subway, etc, but you can taste the love!Will definitely eat at Cheba Hut again!There are a few locations, mostly in the Southwest US.
4	They have fountain cool-aid and funky names for the sandwiches! I went out of my why to try this joint out. it's good and I was cracking up at the cashier and her blood shot eyes! lol
4	Got to love the wonderful theme in this joint. ;)I always go with any version blunt filled with meat!The staff is great, the food is great and everyone is having a blast. Yum Yum
4	Best sandwiches ever! Made to order and always delicious. Delivery is sometimes slow, but always worth the wait!
4	Fun atmosphere, good food, fair prices. Great spot!
4	One of my favorite sub shops around. Truly they perfected the toasted sub. Forget Quiznos and subway you need to come here. My favorite Is the Kind. Don't ask what it is just order it and get extra pickles, oh yes they are real pickles! They are crisp spear cuts not like those old sliced ones from a jar like everywhere else. Oh and the cookies are awesome!!!!
5	Great service and the sandwich's were good.  Great selection of different sandwich's and salads.  Will be going again.  The rice crispy treats could use a little bit more marshmallows they were a little dry.
5	Stumbled in with the homie off a wake n bake, i had a east coastern, first time trying that one, usually partial to the dank pinner n the munchies, chocolate chip cookies or rice crispy treats, da bomb, back to the east coastern, toasted n loaded with sammich toppings, i eat here when ever i pass by, its a do not miss on my list because aside from the sandwiches, their fresh baked munchies are not to miss.
5	Never been disappointed going here. I know anytime I order my pig five o it'll taste the same or better each time. The chipotle ranch is awesome.
5	Oh baby I need more cheba in my life! Stoners know how to make a sandwich man. On the occasion your cashier just go to back from "break" and you have to repeat your order 3x its just still so worth it. Every sandwich is delicious and the ingredients are quality! A must try is the white widow this was definitely created by someone with the munchies!
5	yuuumy!! thats all
1	Oh god, everything was a nightmare. I came in with my boyfriend and ordered a Pinner Griefo with no pickles and a small soup to go. When we got home I tasted my soup and almost gagged. It was over cooked, burnt, and tasted like metal. I drove all the way back and told the manager how it tasted. He tried it himself and agreed that it was horrible but said that I was "exaggerating", which made me feel uncomfortable. I understand people make mistakes, but serving old soup that tastes like burnt plastic is beyond insulting. The girl working the counter said it sometimes tastes like that when its been cooked too long, and sometimes she smells it and can't believe how gross it is and she isn't sure why they still sell it. So they know they are serving people horrible food yet they continue to do so?The manager really wasn't a bad guy and kept trying to give me things for free but after tasting that I really wasn't hungry. Finally he agreed to refund me the soup but had to call another manager because he didnt know how. He ended up refunding my boyfriends card and having me pay him cash (for smaller size subs). In the end he wasn't 100 percent sure that he refunded it so I should call back if it doesn't show up on my bank statement. What a mess. Got home and opened my sandwich. Had pickles on it. Wont be back.
4	First time trying this place, I would come back for more.
5	I love this place. Far better than Subway or Quiznos. While they have a set menu with more than 20 subs you are welcome to build your own as well. They offer 3 sizes of subs (nug 4", pinned 8" and  blunt 12") on white, wheat or garlic "herb" bread. All subs are served with lettuce, onions, tomatoes, pickles and their special sauce. They also serve salads and have a variety of desserts.  They offer several vegetarian options, my personal fave is the majic mushroom with teriyaki marinated portabella mushrooms with green bell peppers, pineapple and pepperjack cheese. I always add honeymustard which was recommended by the cashier on our first visit. In the mood for some meat?  The Dank (a pizza sub) or The Kind (Turkey, swiss, bacon and mushriom) are great too!  And guess what!? They serve Kool-Aid. Ohhhhh Yeeaaahhh!
5	We discovered Cheba Hut and it is cheaper than Subway.  I slapped a round sticker on my car and laugh at the pot petition they have in the store, that someone wrote kill all the hippies on!  They have the Belly system so I'm there.
5	Nom nom dude
3	I came here a while back when I was getting a tattoo done next door. The food was great! I got a buffalo chicken sandwich that was to die for. I would recommend this place for those looking for a quick bite to eat, as well as quality. The only bad side to this place is the location. 59th Avenue and Olive is not the best of neighborhoods. For the more cautious, I would recommend getting your food from here while the sun is out. After the sun sets, you are bound to find a lot of shady characters walking about and asking for change/cigarettes.
5	Holy shit. This place is fantastic. The atmosphere leaves something to be desired since I'm not a hippy or a pothead however the food and staff are amazing. Everyone's always super friendly and the griefo sub is so good! Who knew I would like a sub without meat. No I will not be turning vegan, and the closest I come to eating raw is unbaked cookie dough. No seriously, I'm not a pothead. Also delicious are the little treats you buy near the front register. Homemade rice crispy squares, things made with peanutbutter. Dude, I love you man! Oh, only complaint is the rest room. Do not use it. Or any restroom on that city block. Trust.
5	Cheeba Hut is everything you'd expect it to be...and more! You can't help but giggle in a place that takes the stoner theme and applies it to everything they do. But seriously, all tokes aside...their food is BOMB. I mean seriously delicious. If you're looking for a delicious sandwich, look no further. Whether you're into the pot thing or not, you'll be a fan of this place after one bite. Overall, best sandwiches in the area...hands down.
5	Right so, this is clearly a stoner joint, let's get that out of the way.If you can get past that, prepare yourself for an amazing sandwich. If there is anything that potheads know, I mean really know, it's food. This was easily one of the best subs I ever had and I will definitely return. Even their PB&J for the kids is impressive. Also: Kool Aid on the fountain.
5	I love Cheba Hut's toasted subs. I've been to the Tempe and Mesa locations multiple times and this Glendale location proves to be just as good. My favorite is the White Widow on white bread.  It's a chicken bacon ranch sub with mushrooms.  I pass on the mushrooms but add their chipotle ranch. They have multiple dressings that are made fresh everyday that I'm sure will enjoy.  If you are currently a student at GCC I recommend Cheba Hut over any place you might think about going on campus.
5	Super stoked
2	Definitely gone downhill since my last visit. Enough so for me to finally create a yelp log in and wrote a review. I usually get the southwest chicken salad which is, or WAS I should say, amazing! They no longer carry it, or several of their other choice selections they once offered, so I settled on an old favorite, the vegetarian greifo. Unfortunately, it was lacking toppings since they've changed their ordering/service style, and skimpy on what veggies they did remember to put on. Pretty disappointed. Hate companies that rely on the gimmick of their name rather than actual product.
5	Wow, this is by far the best sandwich shop ive ever been to. Highly (heh) recommended to anyone, especially non smokers! Dont let this place fool you. Cheba Hut puts jimmy johns to absolute SHAME! These employees are always hilarious, friendly, and inviting from the moment you walk in the door.I get the Midwest best with garlic and herb bread which is fantastic. The chips they sell are the best! The have an awesome selection of drinks as well. Kool aide, cherry coke, flavored teas. Mmmm..Dont forget to order a goo ball for dessert. Dont plan to share it either. You will cherish that gooey ball of deliciousness. I loved them so much that I recreated their recipe at home so I could share these little pieces of heaven to the world. Except that part didnt happen,  I ate them all.
4	The place is a little dirty, but it has awesome decor and vibe. Very hippie. :)Can be a little slow sometimes, but they make your sandwich there, always get it right, and it's always tasty.Kool-aid fountain is amazing. Perfect.Tasty munchies when they are fresh, otherwise stale.Staff could be more personable for the vibe, but they are all kind. The white widow is where it's at.
4	Idk how I feel about this area,  pretty scary. :/First timer here!!! Ryan with the beard is so friendly, funny and full of energy.  I like him :))  and very helpful since I was so indecisive on my vegetarian subs. I end up getting the griefo, that's what Ryan suggested.  It was good. He put too much mayonnaise in it. But other than that, it was good.Geez. The gooo balls, the chocolate chip cookies and the rice Krispy treat..... sooo good. Yet so freakin bad for you.  Haha.so... people watching was interesting.  Haha I felt like I was in high school all over again. Every single person who walked in was literally stoned!! Haha. Smh. Funnnyyyy. I like the bob Marley posters :))I shall be coming back.  :))
2	i don't know what the hoopla was all about to honest.  the service was good for the amount of people in line, but the food was just eh.  i got kali mist which sounded awesome.  bacon, turkey, avocado, pepper jack, veggies, chipotle mayo?  sign me up!i started eating and was disappointed.  onions galore and lettuce to spare....but one, yes only one piece of bacon.  that's a tragedy right there.  i could barely find the cheese...trust me, i looked.  the ingredients that matter (and cost a bit more) were sparse while the ingredients that are cheap were in abundance.  i will stick to my own sandwiches at home.  i can't justify spending $10 for a big ole hunk of bread stuffed with veggies but lacking in the good stuff :/  i was bumming hard about the bacon and still am sad!
5	Always been one of my favorite restaurants. All of the subs are delicious. The employees are super helpful in providing suggestions and will even give you little samples of the meat if you're on the fence. Occasionally they can be a little liberal on the dressings. This is one of the sub shops that dominates every major chain and is always a good choice. I'd like to see their fountain drinks get a bit of an update.
5	Best sandwiches in town. This has become myfavorite sandwich shop.   Love the theme,  reminds me of my  youth.   Great friendly staff
5	The best food I've ever found for a sub place. Fresh ingredients, great staff, and the "munchies" are TO DIE FOR.
2	I love Cheba Hut (Tempe), but I don't find myself out there too often. Now that I am in Phoenix, and was over on this side for lunch, I was pretty excited to see there was a Cheba Hut nearby. I had a serious craving.It was noon on a weekday and it was dead. Apparently this location gets super busy when school is in session, so being able to get right in and order was pure luck. My old stand-by is no longer on the menu (AZ Homegrown) so I went with my second favorite, Jamaican Red (add cream cheese). The guy who took my order was friendly and let me know there would be an additional charge for the cream cheese, which I was aware of but appreciate when you are given a heads up.I got my drink (kool-aid....OH YEAH!), and waited for my sandwich....and waited...and waited....and waited...and waited some more....and, oh yay! Here is is! Finally!!!First glance, pure disappointment. It was so bready. Toppings were scarce, even though I got everything on it. The chicken wasn't saucy like I'm accustomed to. In fact, it just seemed like plain chicken with some thin buffalo sauce squirted over the top. It wasn't very spicy but I was starving so I powered my way through it, even though the toasty bread tore up the roof of my mouth.It sucks when you are looking forward to something that you know is so good but ends up being so bad. I'll give this location the benefit of the doubt and just hope I wandered in on an off day. Next time I'll just order something else.
5	Their sandwiches are awesome! It's a tad bit expensive but at least you get a lot for your money. I've been a couple times and each time I get something different. I've never been disappointed.
2	I don't really get it. I know some people love the food here.  But I've eaten here 4/5 times now and the food is 3 star quality.  The bread doesn't taste good or fresh to me, and bread is the most important part of a quality sandwich imho.  The ingredients were good, but the dirty floors and dingy atmosphere turn me off, and I like some dingy places.  The pot theme runs strong and I wouldn't be surprised if most of the staff is high most of the time.  The grossest thing about this place is the grooming of the staff.  I'm not really a judgmental guy, but is it too much to ask that people at least appear to have showered this week if they are preparing my food?? I don't like my food prepared by a fat greasy lady in a shirt that shows her hairy sweaty belly.  And I'm a guy who never trusts a skinny cook :) Totally hard to eat after watching someone like that prepare my food.  Not to mention the guys with the filthy dreadlocks and yesterdays food covered beard.  I do have to mention that they rice crispy treat with peanut butter puffs and cinnamon toast crunch was fantastic though.  Stick with the munchies at this post 420 retreat.
4	I just discovered this place after trying to find a place that delivers. I must say at 8 months pregnant I wasn't thrilled waiting 50 minutes for the food to arrive but at least it was worth it!! I had the California club and a goo ball. The club was excellent! The goo ball... let's just say I ate it very quietly and didn't give my 6 year old a bite until she noticed I had dessert. It was so good!! I can envision future trips if nothing else to fill a goo ball craving. Can't day anything about the restaurant itself as I haven't been but the food was delish and had I not ordered right in the middle of lunch hour I'm sure my food would have been delivered faster. All in all I'll be going back.
5	BEST SANDWICHES EVER!! Hands down this place is #1. Better then any of the competitors by a long shot. I was skeptical just because the decor isn't my style, but they proved me wrong. I always get the afghani on garlic bread "fully loaded" and I'm never disappointed. If it were closer I'd eat there every day! But I will go out of my way to eat there as often as possible!
5	amazing subs!!!! kali mist all the way!!!! love love love!!!!!!!
