4	Taco y Taco is now open on Eastern!I almost want to call it "Taco y Taco #2." It's the same food as the original location, but it has a more upscale feel, having borrowed a lot of decor (and tables and chairs, apparently) from the former inhabitants of this space, Republic Kitchen & Bar. It definitely feels more spacious than the original, and it even has bar seats and upstairs seating. This is a place where you might consider lingering for a while, as one customer apparently was doing with a laptop.All the elements from the original location are here, just arranged differently. The whole ordering line is condensed and all items can be seen easily without turning a corner or navigating a narrow hallway. For those new to the experience, you have taco lines where you can see the al pastor turning on a vertical spit and the other meats bathing in hot water, and you have a spot at which you can order everything else. The salsas/sauces are on their own island. The seating, again, is simply a lot nicer than at the original location. Oh, and the lever to obtain water from the soda fountain isn't broken (yet).They didn't have chicarrones or cesos when I dropped by today, but all the other meats are available. I actually learned a new thing, which was that there's beef tripas and pork tripas available, and I got to sample each. I ended up ordering one pork tripas (intestine) taco, one cabeza taco (cheek and other head meat), and two al pastor tacos.I would have considered giving an extra star because the interior is so nice, but it doesn't sit well with my miserly nature to spend $2.25 on a taco that's probably still $2.15 at the original location and was just $2.00 a few months ago. More importantly, there was definitely too much saltiness on my palate, which I'm guessing might be because the meats have been sitting around since the lunch rush. Thank goodness the tortillas, delicious meats, and other fixings are all the same or else I would've had a problem.I live closer to the original location, but for people who live closer to this location, give it a try. You will enjoy it whether you're a new customer or a hardened veteran.
5	Delicious food, a bar and such a friendly staff! Can't wait to make this a regular Taco Tuesday spot!
5	I've been stalking this location since I got word that they were taking over the Republic Kitchen. My husband and I love the original Taco y Taco, we'd fight traffic once a week for their delicious al pastor, guacamole, chips and salsa. The newest location is only minutes from our home... which might be dangerous, but we're thrilled to welcome TyT to the neighborhood.We went opening day just before the dinner rush. We got our usual order and a couple modelos. They'll soon have a large draft selection available too. I was a little concerned it wouldn't be as tasty as the original location, but I had no need to worry. Everything was delicious!!The new space is modern, large and clean. They can accommodate large groups and big crowds. I do wonder if ordering will get congested during peak times, like how the original location bottle necks, but this one is more open so it might be ok. Whatever the case, it's worth the wait.
5	I've been waiting for this place to open!! So glad I found out it was open and went there for lunch. Now I'm not much of a meat eater so I can't tell you about that but what I can tell you is that the food is fresh. We had the carne asada fries, I ordered it without the meat. Fries covered in shredded cheese, guacamole and tomatoes. The lady taking my order had the cook come over so I could tell him exactly what I wanted. He was very nice and made it just the way I asked. My Mom had a carne asada taco and she said it was good, but they fry the tortilla and she said it was greasy. My favorite thing is the salsa bar they have. So many things to choose from. We had all of this and 2 drinks plus chips for $15! Awesome!It's really cute inside, the staff are friendly and the food is great. I will be back again soon.
5	Fresh, and authentic Mexican food. Friendly staff too. If you like tacos you must try this place. Everything  is prepared in front of you while you wait. The other Mexican food joints can't compete with taco y taco .
5	Wow this place is awesome. The food is sooooooo good. Nothing like it in Las Vegas. MUST TRY!!!
5	Came here the day after they opened. The lay out is a little confusing, since this place is essentially a taco shop in a really fancy restaurant. But the staff was really nice explaining how everything worked. We even got samples of a  few different types of meat! After 20 minutes of indecision we went with Lengua(Tongue), Cabeza(Cheek meat), Al Pastor (Pork), and Asada tacos, along with an Al pastor bowl. We also tried all of their salsas and extras, and EVERYTHING was delicious! Their al pastor specifically was excellent, and the lengua and cabeza tacos were also great! We regretted not getting the mexican street corn since it seemed like everyone ordered it. Definitely coming back since it's delicious food at a reasonable price. This location is also much closer to us than all the other locations around Vegas.
4	Great fast Mexican food in a great upscale atmosphere close to home!! Great service!! Great people!!
5	I've been waiting for this restaurant to open and it did not disappoint. Absolutely delicious!!
4	Great location cool atmosphere inside Definitely a must when in the mood for really good authentic Mexican food...skip chipotle and try this place out. Service was great too! Alpastor was my favorite very unique flavors and not something you can order a lot of places in town.
5	A friend recommended this place. She said  its not that fake Mexican food. Talk about authentic and Oh so yummy!!! It's definitely worth it!
5	Street-style tacos in an incongruously upscale location. Great, friendly, attentive staff and great carne asada and al pastor tacos  AND it's close to home. Will be back soon to try the other offerings. May not have to drive all the way to Tacos el Gordo anymore :)
2	When you walk in it is very confusing.The cashier tells you to go to each sign to order.You must wait in line for pork taco.Very small open faced $2.50 per each.the go to next line for beef taco,than another line for corn on cob,vegs ect.....By the time you have gotten your last item your 1st items are cold....Than you have to go to salsa bar....They need a different plan.....We had 6 SMALL tacos 2 sodas $20.00....Also salsa bar not marked,mild?hot,ect.I guess you have to figure it out on your own.These are small street like tacos....Not worth $2.25 a piece....Taco El Gordo on the Strip charges $2.00 per taco......We won't be back......Not a fan of cafeteria style....
5	Open late, near my humble abode, on the way back from the airport...perfect!  I work closer to the original location but was thrilled to have Taco y Taco join the hood.  It was very fancy inside but had everything we could want after traveling from Islip to Baltimore to Raleigh to Vegas with snow, delays, wind, and no food.  Open late every night (til 11 Sundays), this was the perfect place for Eric R.'s taco craving and my desire to eat lengua!There was a lady dressed in sequins helping me understand how to navigate the new layout, and she was very nice!  I asked her a few questions about menu items since I typically just get tacos.  I ended up getting one lengua taco and one vampiro - 2 tostadas with melted cheese stuffed with lengua, onion, cilantro, and salsa...sooooo goooood.  We also got a side of guac to share.  Eric R. got the barbacoa burrito, but he thinks he got carne asada instead.  The salsa bar was fully stocked and we munched our way into oblivion...okay I mean happiness.Overall, for affordable late night eats, this is a great option!
4	Stopped in during the lunch rush today, and it was packed! Seems word got out pretty quickly. However, the line moves fast, so you don't wait long. You start over on the opposite end of the cash register, order your tacos, move over and order your sides, bowls, etc., then pay. It's a fast and easy system.Their salsa bar is awesome, with salsas and condiments to fit any taste. My only recommendation would be to put labels somehow on the salsas for those who don't know salsas and accidently dump the wrong kind on their food. For those of us who can tell them apart, you'll be fine.Their beer taps aren't turned on yet, so if you want beer, they have bottles. You can also get mixed drinks later in the day (their manager said the bartender didn't come in until later).The tacos are tasty, and if you don't like cilantro, onions and guacamole on them, tell them in advance. I wish they put a little more meat in them, but for $2.25 a taco, you can't go wrong.
5	Best tacos in Vegas! All the food is soooo good and I'm picky being from So Cal. Ordering can be a bit confusing but I'm thrilled with the new location so we can stop driving to the ghetto even though we did it because there is just no comparison.  Would highly recommend.
5	Thanks to some friends word on the street got out fast about this new place, and I'm passing it on. It's delicious. On Mondays from 6-7 they have a live mariachi band. Even though I had to yell for my order to be heard, I loved listening to them. I want to go back next week almost for that alone. I asked for recommendations from Ray, the duke of the other location and I'm so glad I did. He recommended starting with the tacos (but try everything). Also he explained how it works. You start at station 1 (el Pasteur tacos) then work your way around to the cashier. Also, bring some ones to tip these guys. The food: amazingHighly recommend the corn on the cob. So good, covered in butter and cheese. 5/5I got the shrimp burrito. The grilled up the shrimp fresh, added whatever I wanted on the inside and grilled it. It was good but I thought some of their other food was better (read: get the tacos) 4/5 Tacos 3 el pasture delicious! Get it! 5/52 carnitas so tender and delicious (my fav) 5/53 carne asada good 4/5My mother-in-law got the carnitas burrito bowl. Didn't try it but it looked good!To drink: Happy hour Coronas 3 dollars!
5	Already a fan of the location on East Tropicana, I was excited when Tia Shirley B. informed me that a new Taco y Taco would be opening in this part of Henderson, close to where I work, work out often, and have many friends who live in the area (including Shirley B.).  A friend and I headed here last Saturday after a long training ride, ready to get our taco on.     Just after opening at 11:00am, we walked in to find a spacious restaurant complete with bright lighting, high ceilings, a bar, and staff that greeted us heartily; this used to be the Republic Kitchen & Bar restaurant, so it may be the nicest taco place I've visited. I was quite surprised to see a DJ mixing tunes at that time of day, but not a bad thing. There were a couple of other customers already eating and the place got progressively busier during our visit.      Set up like the other location, there are stations where you can order tacos, burritos, quesadillas, bowls, elote (corn on the cob), fries, nachos, mulas, and vampiros.     Meat choices: al pastor, asada, pollo, tripas, carnitas, cesos, cabeza, lengua, trompa, suadero, buche, and chorizo.  Vegetarians have an option of soy chorizo and panela (pasteurized cheese).   There's a salsa bar with lots of options for you to add to your order.    I had two al pastor tacos with pineapple, a carnitas vampiro (two crispy tortillas with the meat and cheese inside), and Mexican street corn on the cob (elote) with the works (mayo, cheese, and chili powder)--I was hungry one minute and then full the next.  My friend had never been to Taco y Taco before and he gobbled up his food before I finished.      This Taco y Taco gets five stars from me for the location, the tasty food, and the service; I'll definitely be here a lot.  BTW, for those fellow Yeeps who've been missing Tia Shirley B. while she's been off Yelp, she's been here almost every day since they opened so you may see her when you visit!  Buen provecho, mis amigos--la vida es demasiada corta para ser descontento o comer comida mala.
4	I was already in love with the food from Taco Y Taco, I didn't think it could get any better. With the addition if this new location, they proved me wrong. It's definitely better. Same great food, but add a bar and a snazzy interior, this location is a whole new experience. The restaurant is the same set up as the original location. Ordering stations based on the type of meat you will be ordering. They have the same great salsa bar and menu items, so I'm excited. The al pastor is still my favorite but I have to branch out next time. Elote is also a must. If only they would open a location on my side of town, but until then I will be making the drive to their Trop and Eastern locations in the time being.
2	Dined in. Spacious eating room. Where to stand in line to begin was not decipherable without staff direction. Samples of differentmeats are available. Barbacoa and Carne Asada tacos were flavorful and generous on meat portions. Dining area and service stations were clean. NO prices given for drinks, ANY side dishes OR extras. Not even printed on provided hand menu or lit wall menus. A mystery until meal(s) rung up!
4	Well to start off it's great to have a authentic mexican taco shop on this side of town. I went with the mexican street style corn and El pastor tacos, both were perfect, It's been open for a week and I think it's going to do very well !
4	Food is very good, not your standard Mexican fast food like Chipotle in the taste department. A suggestion, several of the meats they have are strange, like intestines, cow head etc. they are all listed in Spanish, so I googled them.they have a great condiment counter, self served. I had a brisket bowl (Suadero) with rice,pinto beans, guacamole,and pico de gallo,  and marinated mushrooms, husband had tacos
5	The food is super delicious!  It even beats the yumminess I would get when I lived in San Diego.  If pork is your thing, do not miss out on the al pastor fries.  Elote corn is also available and is delicious!Service is great and prices are even better!  Full service bar stocked with all the fixings for your favorite drinks.  If you live in the Henderson area, check this place out!
3	Tacos are ok. Just as good as tacos el gordo. I think I like the pecos location a little more.
5	This place is amazing! This concept is great the energy is high the vibe is fun the food is fantastic. And I just had the best breakfast burrito of my life!
5	Ok you won't be disappointed if you check this place out. Best tacos I've had in my life and I eat A LOT of tacos. Cool atmosphere has an upstairs eating area. I am thinking I'll be here a lot since I love around the corner. OMG!!!!
4	So apparently, I happen to go during the busiest time around 6:30-7. Minus one star for a disorganized line system.  I knew what I wanted and waited in the "burrito/nacho/fries" line right off the bat.  My friends wanted tacos and waited in that line.  It was so busy that I could see how this would be a problem for others who are not used to ordering from the counter this way.This is what my friends & I ordered:- Al pastor fries- Carne asada nachos- Al pastor tacos- Carne asada tacos- Beef burrito- Chicharron taco- Corn on the cob (mexican street style)Everything was a hit and tasted delicious and flavorful.  The only "miss" was the chicharron taco.  My friend thought it might be the crispy pork skin version, but ended up to be chewy.  Yuck! We weren't very adventurous, but they do offer a variety of meat options and body parts.  Besides meat, there is of course vegetarian options.  The salad/sauce bar was good, but none of the sauces were labeled.The new location is very spacious and looks like an upscale taco joint.  The food though, stays true to authenticity. There are also extra seating upstairs.Happy hour daily during 6-8pm ($1 off beer).Overall, great food & location.  For about $10 you can get a satisfying meal.  Whether it is 3 tacos + drink, or fries + corn.
4	We've heard about this legendary taco place on East Tropicana and was excited to see that one was being opened here in this location. Having been in the building when Republic was, we knew what to expect in terms of floor plan. When we walked in, everyone (I mean everyone) was uber friendly and much brighter than before. At first, it was confusing, they have stations, then one of the beautiful girls came over and gave us a tour and told us how it all worked. The cooks were offering samples so that definitely helped us decide what to have. We finally decided on the chorizo, carne, al pastor taco, and street style corn on the cob. I must say, if that is what they eat in Mexico, I'm moving to Mexico!! The chorizo was so damn delicious, I had to get up and get a second round. The salsa bar was an awesome touch along with the bar, they've got a decent selection of draft and bottled beer. Taco y Taco, although sit down style, is a an upgrade from their first location but certainly a wonderful addition to the Silverado Ranch area. The building is perfect, the food is pretty epic for the value, and is a definite hot spot for a late night 'I need a quick buzz kill'. Go check it out!! We'll be back!!
4	Did not know where to go order until a friend pointed out the individual stations.  So many different types of meat you can chose for your tacos!  I got the al pastor and tripas tacos and they were delicious.  Carne asada fries were good and not too oily.  They tasted fine the next day as well.  Salsa bar was clean and abundant, however the salsas were not labeled.  I'm used to spicy condiments (the hotter the better) and like surprises, but some of my friends cannot handle spicy salsa.  I would return for the tacos.
5	Located where The Republic Kitchen used to be. This place is a little slice of heaven, and this review is not for the faint of heart. I went on full Andrew Zimmern, I had the brains, intestines and tongue, thats right I said brains, intestines and tongue! This was the first time I have ever had brains, not quite what I expected but very good. Tongue I have had many times and I am a big fan! I have never had intestines before,these were so good that I am not sure but I think I dropped an audible F bomb. I say stop by and try some of the more exotic items on the menu. Save the chicken for you second visit! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Food is amazing. Have ordered carnitas, al pastor, asada, barbacoa tacos and all have been delicious. They are other meats I'd like to explore. I ordered buche but the Ordering process is confusing that after i paid and sat down I realized I didn't get the buche taco that I wanted. Service has been good. Tacos have been the most authentic I have found around here.  The corn on the cob "Mexican style" is super delicious (a must have). I would give it 5 stars but I think they need a better ordering process besides these stations.
5	Finally there's a place serving good street tacos south of Tropicana Ave to bad it's not on the West.Well I gave the original location a 5 star cause I loved it so Im gonna give this location an extra star cause I love it even more. Yes an extra star, 6 stars, so what its a 5 star rating system. When they decide to open one near me I'll probably give them another star too LOL. It's the same awesome food as the original location, maybe a few more options on the menu, but in a larger, fancier, and better place.There's lots of meat choices. If you're having trouble selecting which meat you want just ask they'll gladly explain or let you sample, free food sample them all haha. A must is Al Pastor with everything on it and extra pineapple. Al Pastor is a spicy marinated pork that's been roasting on a spit, take it like how they serve it or let them know how you like it, I like a little more crunchy then normal. There's 12 different meats :) I've had them all at the other location but one that I didn't see  was the cochinita pibil so I had to sample it, delicious I need to have it again. The meats can be put in a taco, burrito, bowl, fries, nachos, and as a vampiro then you can go to their condiments area and load up on their various sauces and sides. Warning the sauces aren't labeled but if its like the original location there's a habanero sauce in the mix its probably orange, try them all and buy a drink. Ask for fried green onions and peppers if there aren't any at the condiment area.There's a vegetarian menu also which you can put in a taco, burrito, bowl, or the other options like the meats. There's the Seta which is a mushroom and chile pasilla mix with queso fresco, the Soyrizo which is a soy chorizo, the Queso Fresco which is a smooth pasteurized cheese, and the Vegetables which is fajita mixed style with green and yellow bell peppers and purple onions. Reading of the menu.I got the Al Pastor, Lengua (tongue), and Carnintas (shoulder) tacos and even an Al Pastor fries with everything on all of it. Everything was very delicious as I remembered from the original location. There's a lot of dining room both downstairs and upstairs, it seems more private upstairs and with a view of downstairs. They serve cocktails and beers. Happy Hour is 6pm-8pm daily, Brunch 11am-3pm Sat and Sun, Live Mariachi 6pm-7pm Mon, and DJ Fri-Sun. I don't know what the deals or menus are but noticed them on a flyer on my way out.OK I'll comply to the 5 stars rating system for now. Still the best in town just saying.
4	I came here on Sunday after the Brazilian Festival as we were hungry. Found this place through Yelp ( S. Eastern location) so we decided to give it a try. So as we pull up, I'm not going to lie, I automatically thought, "Oh this place won't be good as I believe their focusing on location and atmosphere rather then the taste of the food. Well,....let me tell you I was very wrong!!The restaurant itself is nice, very modern and spacious. Has two levels. They have the tacos sectioned by the meat you want, for example; section #2, Taco Asada, Chorizo. Section #3, Buche, Carnitas, Tripas and etc. and lastly section #4, Alpastor. They also offer burritos, bowls, quesadillas and one of my favorites, Mexican corn on the cob. All tacos are $2.25 as well as your corn on the cob. The Burritos are $5.95 as well as your Bowls. The fountain drinks cost $2.50 but they have free refills including your Horchata. In the center they offer a wide variety of salsa's and sides. They have cucumbers, radish, black and white beans, green onions and the assorted salsa's. I recommend the tacos alpastor, they had tons of flavor and the meat was juicy and tender. Didn't care to much for the carne asada, too dry. The Mexican corn on the cob was delicious, the corn was sweet and tender. I loved this place and will definitely be coming back.They also offer Happy Hour everyday from 6-8p, you get a $1 off their alcoholic drinks and discounts on the fries with meat. They have Brunch from 11-3p every Saturday and Sunday. Live mariachi from 6-7p every Monday and lastly they have a DJ set every Friday-Sunday.The employees are pleasant and helpful, the restaurant is clean and the food is good. Definitely give this place a try.
5	Finally, I had time to stop by the new location!I LOVE the original Taco y Taco on Trop and Pecos.  I knew I'd love it here, and let me tell you, I was NOT disappointed!I haven't been to this building since it was Fado's, about 5 years ago.  I absolutely love what they've done with the space!!  The main room is very open, with plenty of space, which is good.  This place was PACKED at lunch time!  I even ran into Shirley B!The setup is the same as the old spot:  different stations for what kind of tacos/meats that you want.  This time, I had an al pastor (duh), a chorizo taco, and a chorizo mulas.  My friend and I also tried tripas for the first time, which was surprisingly good. :)Same quality food, more space, and it feels more like a modern bar/eatery than a cantina.  I really like it.  My only sad point is that its a bit far for me to drive.  Luckily, I have the original spot whenever I'm not in Henderson. Great job, Taco y Taco crew!!!!
3	The salsa bar had some great variety of salsa. The el pastor tacos are some of the best in town. I had 2 give it 3 stars because the quality of the steak tacos were not good.  The meat was fatty n not well season ed. The service was friendly however it's really loud with the band playing.
5	My favorite taco place, authentic, yummy and good service. The staff is always so overly friendly, jokes and actually carries conversation with you. Sometimes they give you little samples if the meat. The aplastic is one if my favorites. My roommate and I go here often. We were so happy when they opened this second location as it's down the street from our house. Full bar as well with beers on tap! Great way to end a stressful day at work.
4	Comparable to Tacos El Gordo? Definitely a yes! Great customer service and friendly staff. Try their sweet potato fries with chicken - absolutely amazing. And their Al Pastor tacos with pineapple salsa - to die for. I'm glad a great taco spot opened up on this side of town. It's about time! Also their horchata tastes like Christmas in your mouth.
5	I'm going to preface this review by saying I thought I didn't like tacos or Mexican food in general. Now I know I just didn't like bad/subpar tacos. Which shouldn't surprise anyone since I tend to be drawn to the finer things in life but that's a discussion for another day. The crazy thing is this place is cheap, I would easily pay more for what we order. My favorites are the carne asado vampiro which can be described as a crispy grilled taco. The barbacoa taco with all it's accompaniments and the mexican corn. It's bad for my waistline so I usually convince someone to share it with me. The burrito- hands down the best I have ever had. I love the location, music and overall vibe of the place.
2	Came here once, out of corn. 2nd time I came, still out of corn. Service is slow, but at least the food was fresh and made to order. Would prefer Tacos El Gordo.
5	Since I moved to Las Vegas about 6 years ago I have tried out so many Mexican restaurants ranging from chained ones Roberto's,Fausto's, and Don Tortaco off the strip to ones on the strip like Javier's,Cabo Wabo, and Pink Taco.I have been to some of the best Mexican in Southern California that it has to offer to the best of Phoenix and San Antonio.I have tried out many Mexican food on wheels in a trailer all over as well but Taco Y Taco is right up there at the top with the best.Tonight I went in and tried out many of the different meats and for a second I thought I was in heaven just like the first time I tried out Texas De Brazil. The El Pastor is very good and delicious so I had to order 2 tacos to go of that meat. The next meat I tried was the Pibil and I was just blown away with the flavor so I got me 2 of those tacos to go as well. Lastly I wanted to test out the chips so I ordered me some Nachos with those 2 meats tried out.They have a huge salsa bar which has many flavors from mild to very hot but just a great variety.When I got home and tried out everything I ordered I can say I was very pleased and impressed with how everything tasted.Anyone who loves good Mexican food will appreciate this restaurant and needs to give it a try.I will go out on a limb here and say this place beats many of the restaurants in Las Vegas. Don't sleep on this restaurant!!!
5	Good bye Taco Bell and Roberto's. Taco Y Taco will be the only place I will ever get tacos or burritos at. I guess I'm a little late hopping onto the train but I'll give you some pointers before you go. You might feel like $2.50/taco is a little pricey but they do have the typical side items you find at Roberto's such as the salsas, cucumbers and what not and this location is just too fancy to have it be a fast food place. #1: Do your research. Look on yelp for pictures of the menu and learn what the Spanish words mean. With so many cow parts, pig parts to choose from, you really won't know which to get (or order one of each). However, of the ones I tried, the Al Pastor (pork) and the Tripas tacos were the best. #2: DO GET THE CORN. Sweet, juicy, covered in butter and parmesan cheese. Yum-O. #3: Get all 8 sauces/salsas. Don't question what the bright green, pale green, red, orange ones are. Just get them and dip everything in them. You'll eventually find your favorite.
4	Good new place but super busy and unorganized. But the meat on the pit stick is AMAZING!! A must try. They even have the street corn on the cob with mayo!!
5	Finally a good taco place in Las Vegas, gordo is a tourist trap. Growing up in San Diego I hold mexican food to a championship standard and this is as close to San Diego mexican food as I can get without a plane flight. Gotta say taco y taco is the place to be. Keep it up.
4	Most of the authentic Mexican taco place are located in north LV area, but since Taco Y Taco opened on Eastern in Henderson, I do not have drive that far to cure my taco cravings. I stopped by this location to try their pastor tacos and their carne asada fries. This place is located in a very busy plaza next to smash burger and many other restaurants. Its very clean inside, if you are trying to eat in. I prefer to do a take out and so I did. The carne asada fries with their mole sauce and guacamole was delicious, but the tacos were on another level. The flavor was perfect and small sweetness from the pineapple made it more enjoyable. They also have very unique condiments, and I would highly recommend trying out the creamy cilantro sauce on you tacos. Overall (4/5) - great
4	Mmmmmmmm good. This was my second time here in 3 days so that must say something. The food is delicious the al pastor is perfect! Not greasy full of flavor and they add pineapple which I love! I've had the pastor on tacos, nachos and in a burrito and it did not fail me. FYI they don't put pineapple on the nachos or burritos but I'm sure if you asked it could be added. I've also tried the carne asada and pollo tacos which were equally as tasty. They have a great salsa bar with not only various salsas but beans, onions and other accompaniments for your meal. Make sure to try the light green sauce Im not sure what it is exactly but it's like an avocado sour cream or something and it's soooo good. Just get a big boat of it and thank me later. The reason I took off a star is because the ordering system is confusing. There are different stations for different things like one station is just for al pastor tacos and there is another station for carne asada or chicken tacos and another station for burritos/nachos/bowls etc. Also there is usually only one guy running the burrito/nacho/bowl station so the line can get a little backed up as they prepare everything to order. I waited about 10 minutes for a burrito as the lady in front of me ordered 3 nachos and a burrito.... Now I wouldn't normally mind waiting but the tacos I got from a different station were getting cold. I was tempted to eat them in line. All in all if you like tasty Mexican food you should check this place out you won't be disappointed!
5	Both locations have outstanding service. Both locations greet you with a friendly smile from the moment you walk in and they offer samples and such. Salsa bar is always FRESH and CLEAN. The food is always made to perfection. They have many options besides tacos and it's great. Very authentic.
5	Clean and fresh! This place looks like a hotel lobby but serves up some of the best Mexican food I've enjoyed in a long time. Was at first worried about how fancy the place looked...I prefer my tacos from a more grimy or dingy looking spot...gives it flavor I feel. Ordered the breakfast burrito, ended up with what appeared to be a massive meal that could have easily been shared and kept me full all day, and less than $7! Fresh meat right off the grill, made to order. They'll serve you up some samples if simply ask. They have it all...a wide variety of meats (everything from nose to tail it seems like) and veggies. The salsa bar is easily the most impressive I've ever seen...fresh made salsas, fresh cut veggies, grilled veggies still steaming, and boiling beans. The homemade horchata was unbelievable. Service was a little slow, which is fine considering that they basically build your meal from scratch. Looking forward to going back for more!
4	Needing a snack to carry us over to dinner, my wife and I stopped at this recently (4 days) opened location where we each ordered a single al pastor street taco.  At the expansive salsa bar, we (mostly I) helped ourselves to warm pinto and black beans, marinated carrots and grilled peppers/onions.  This location offers alcoholic drinks and is much larger with an upstairs room and is more upscale than their original location on Tropicana.  There is a good size help yourself salsa bar with salsas, warm beans, pickled carrots, grilled onions and peppers plus more.  The tacos were very good, but we agreed there was not as much meat though I have given them a little slack because the staff was probably still in training.  A few days later we make a 2nd visit, this time sharing 4 tacos; 3 al pastors and a chorizo.  The quantity of meat was better.  This was the first full weekend for this location so there were 2 customer service representatives helping people plus a DJ.  A great addition to the Eastern Avenue dining scene.
5	Man this place is so damn good.. "Made me wanna slap my momma"!!! lol.. Really though! I have been to a few taco spots in my day from L.A. street tacos off Pico, Whittier, East L.A... even found some gems in the Bay Area.. but hands down.. this is definitely one of the best spots I found in Vegas, if not anywhere. The Al Pastor tacos are BANGING and the Carne Asada Vampiros will do amazing things to your taste buds. All ingredients are fresh, made to order. Staff is awesome and the salsa bar is well stocked with a good variety of sides and flavors. Casual atmosphere with great music, great food, and affordable prices. A must try for all you taco-heads out there!-SCA
5	This place is great. The food is incredible and priced well! Although, upon first visit, one might need some guidance through the ordering process. The lines are set up in stations that are separated by meat choice. I recommend the fish, chorizo and Barbacoa tacos.This place is amazing!
3	the tacos were really good....they have several different meats to try.  The Al Pastor was by far the best...it came with mango salsa....yum!  The corn on the cob was also really good.  What got me was the price of a fountain soda...$2.50...for a styrofoam cup that you fill your self....that is outrageous...can only imagine what they charge for beer or a mixed drink.   We will go back for the tacos....but will pass on the drinks!
5	Great meat! Great Salsa! Great Chips! Great Guacamole! Great Location! that pretty much says it all! Taco y Taco is a must try!
2	This place is good but they're shady on the ingredients.  I'm a business owner, and giving a little extra to a buying customer is nothing compared to a bad customer experience.  The guacamole is $2 extra and they give you a tablespoon.  Really?  Wtf is that?  A whole avocado isn't $2.  I swear employees can be so retarded at times. The taco guy touched tortillas with his bare hands and then puts on gloves to cut the al pastor with a knife.  Are you dumb bro?  Put your gloves on before you touch the food.I understand Mexicans are hard workers but their common sense lacks like a possum.Might as well go to chipotle next time.  Their portions are bigger and ingredients taste better.  Plus the service is better.   The only person smiling here was the broad cleaning tables.
4	Hubby and son loooovvveee it here!Hahha... late night tacos for my baybay! #grub  #dgFoodie #dgChronicles #dgdayout #dg #deirdra #dsms #Tacos
5	I freaking love this place!! I loved the original location on Pecos, so now that this one opened up right down the street, I'm so excited! It's a fancier spot with a bar, a DJ and upstairs seating. They offer happy hour and Sunday brunch which I have yet to try. I freaking just love their tacos. I gave up beef and pork for Lent, so once Easter came around, this was the spot I chose to break my meat fast. They offer a variety of meats for tacos, burritos and bowl. My favorite is the al pastor tacos. You have to get them fully loaded with pineapple. Yes, I said pineapple. Salty and sweet amazingness! Their salsa bar is legit with about 10 different salsas to fulfill everyone's tastes. The salsa bar also has beans, grilled onions, cucumbers and radishes. Now that this location is closer, I'll definitely frequent more often!
5	This place is awesome! IMO, better than Tacos El Gordo - my old go to taco spot. This specific location is great too. It's in a really nice shopping center and the decor inside is neat. Totally looks like a bar or lounge rather than a taco restaurant. By far, I've tried two different meats for the tacos. The al pastor and tripas. I also tried both on flour and corn tortilla. I'm more of a flour tortilla person so my preference still lies there. Between the two meats, the tripas is probably my favorite. I like the al pastor but honestly think it's a little overrated. I also asked for everything BUT pineapples both times I went but somehow still ended up with pineapples on top. Meh. The tripas was amazing. If you get it, ask them to deep fry it a little. It comes out so crunchy and adds way more texture (since tripe has such a weird bite to begin with). I also had the mexican style corn. Yum yum yum! They make it right in front of you so you could ask for extra stuff if ya want. I like mine super cheesy! My friends also got the mole fries and al pastor fries. I wasn't a fan of the mole fries. The sauce was already sweet... drenched over sweet potato fries made it a bit too much. The al pastor fries were decent as well. Fries were chunky but a little soggy - probably because it was drenched in meat and other sauces. They were good but I probably would never order them for myself.Another reason I love this place is the availability of seating! The place is huge! There's a seating area upstairs that accomodated myself and 8 other friends. Can't beat that!
5	Sooo good! Traditional meat options.  The ordering can be a little confusing upon coming in. Different windows for different items. There's alcohol served. Lots of seating plus upstairs seating! The street style corn is phenomenal!
1	Don't understand all the rave reviews.  Waited in line for Al Pastor.  received meager tacos.  Waited in another line for Carne Asada.  Another meager portion with meat sliced so thin and tiny I couldn't believe it.  I knew this wouldn't fill me up so I waited in a third line for a side.  No one manning that station,  so i gave up and went to check out and wait in yet another line.  By the time I got my self serve drink, and salsa bar, my food was ice cold.  The Asada was so salty, it was inedible.  Pretty sorry experience if Taco Bell is more satisfying.  I won't be back.
5	Excellent. I have been searching for a great street tacos since I moved to Vegas. Love it and will be going back!
5	Loved it!!! Try the pork tacos with everything  even the pineapple. Trust me. It's amazing!! :) get your booty down there!!! The 2 times I went there the place was popping and the music was way way up!! Wish there was coupons or special deals could have been a few dollars cheaper. But I am happy I went! Super yummy!!
4	I give 5 stars to the food, al pastor, carne asada, the corn!!! barbacoa, the tacos and salsa are some of the best in Vegas.  I need to take off a star for the lines.  This place is chaotic if it's busy.  The lines all mesh together, first time people have no idea where to stand.  I feel like you gotta work to get your food here.
3	The food was good prices were great. But customer service mediocre. You wait is several lines for you food depending on what type of tacos/burritos you want so if you like  a variety your in for waiting in line. We waited in two different lines which was about 25 mins so when we sat to eat our food it was cold. The chips were anything but authentic!! Tacos were great but would have been better hot. I won't be back unless I am getting to go and don't care if my food is cold
4	I suddenly had a Cabo flashback! Never tried them before this location opened. Amazing food. The place is set up in a cafeteria station style with seating outside and inside with two floors. They have Happy Hour everyday from 6-8pm and a Mariachi Band every Monday 6-7pm. A lot of the staff doesn't speak English well, so that could be a problem for some but what a good way to practice your Spanish! The service was a little slow and disorganized at the counter but the staff was friendly and the bartender Christopher was great and made a great margarita. Definitely worth the visit.
5	Holy tacos al pastor. Must try. Super delicious. I love the atmosphere, prices, and everything I tried. I will visit often.
5	This is def as good as it gets in Vegas... Came here for the first time with my bff last night and we loved it! Great food, good service, cool and clean atmosphere! I am in love with the Al Pastor tacos. Also tried their horchata, Barbacoa taco and elote... Everything was indeed yummy. Got some to go for my husband: lengua, asada, barbacoa and al pastor tacos and he was feeling em too! Interested in trying out their burritos next time. This is seriously our new spot!
4	Wow, another Taco Y Taco and this one in Henderson.  Love it.  I am a huge fan of really authentic tacos and I love the selection.  Here are some hints:a. If your idea or Mexican food is Cafe Rio, Nacho Daddy, Del Taco, Taco Bell, or having a burrito or chips and salsa, it is best for you to stay at those restaurants, because this is NOT going to match your idea of Mexican Food.b.  The meat here is absolutely fantastic:-Buche - Pork Stomach-Carnitas - Braised Pork-Suedero - Beef from the upper leg / lower belly-Cesos - The thinking part of the cow-Lengua - Tongue-Cabeza - Meet from the head of the cow, so it has many things, as you can imagine.-Pibil - Slow Roasted Pork-Al Pastor - Love it, they shave the meat directly from the spit.-Taco Asada - Grilled Beef-Chorizo - Pork Sausage-Mulas - I guess you can say this is a "slider" but more like a taco mini quesadilla.c.  Prices are all about 2.25 per taco.  they also had other items here, breakfast burritos, and some other items other than tacos.d. Salsa Bar has great hot and mild sauces as well as fresh salsa.  This was very tasty.e.  The ambiance is the same exact set up from when this place was a pub called The Republic.  This means all the decor and details are not too authentic.f.  Music - They have a great set up to play loud music.  I felt it was too loud.g.  Be careful - going during normal hours, the long lines her overwhelming.GK says, try this place out.
3	It felt kind of too upscale for what the food is. It was like an upscale Tacos el gordo where I feel like my car wont get broken into but the food is just....close but no cigar. I'll come here for the corn... and when I need a taco fix and dont feel like driving downtown.... but nothing compares to the awesomeness that is the adobada at Tacos el Gordo.
5	Delicious, authentic, interesting and fun.  I took my family of 5 in there just after they had opened.  Everyone left with happy, full bellies.  And I still had enough money in my wallet for a movie.  We will definitely be back.
4	I would have to say I enjoy this taco y taco location over the other. It looks nice on the outside as well as the inside. There's plenty of seating with the downstairs and upstairs area combined. I love the decor and how bright and open it is. I wasn't quite sure about the DJ booth, but I guess it's hip and cool huh. I also liked the bar they offered although I don't usually partake in alcohol consumption that early in the day.My one complaint is that they stuck the salsa bar right in front of the taco lines. Of course we were there when it was busy so everyone was trying to form around it. It was a mess and nobody knew where each line was going. My second complaint would have to be the tea. After selecting the unsweetened ice tea and running upstairs to eat we discovered that it was raspberry instead. Someone made an oopsie. After we stood in multiple lines to get an array of tasty tacos we headed upstairs to chow down. And boy was it delicious! The Al pastor was flavorful and we also tried vampiro which we had to ask a friend exactly what that was. But in the end I think the vampiro won me over and is now my favorite. We also had elote which my son devoured before I could get two bites. Ha ha.All in all I enjoyed it and I would definitely choose this one over the other location.
4	Food is really really good...I'm just not a fan of the standing in line at each station for what you want to eat for dinner. One line for Al Pastor, then in another line for other types of tacos, and then another line for corn and mole fries and then yet another line to pay and get your drinks.
5	They have like  9+ salsas or sauces (all amazing) and EVERY type of meat  you would find at a great street taco stand. Pastor, saudero, asada, pollo, cabeza, cesos,lengua, carnitas, buche, chicharron, chorizo etc.  They do corn two ways, but elote mexicano with  Mayo, parmesan  and Chile  is the best. It is like if a taco stand  and chipotle had a child. BEST MEXICAN FOOD I HAVE HAD IN PAST  15 YEARS. I grew up in Hatch NM and So CA so I know good mexican food and this is IT !Vampiro Taco was great, no salsa so it traveled well on a to-go order, some pastor tacos, chicken nachos and an elote mexicano estilo. Great Dinner!
5	Let me start by saying, they seriously have the best elote I've ever bought at a restaurant, it was juicy and delicious, not dry like most other places. The asada taco was delicious, there could have been more asada on my asada fries, and the line is kinda long to wait in. But they have a great variety of toppings and sauces. Normally I can't get avocado because it's always mixed with tomatoes and onions, which I hate, but here you have the option to just add the avocado. The design is amazing, doesn't look anything like a taco place. And they have modelo on draught. Awesome place.
1	I feel bad giving this place such a low rating because the food is great, however, their service is terrible. After waiting nearly fifteen minutes for my food I stood patiently waiting to pay. A woman was standing at the register with her back to me, at one point she glanced at me so I assumed she was helping the people in front of me. Another employee seemed to be helping them more than her, so I kept waiting. After a few more minutes she turned around and said hey. I replied with a very irritated sounding hey, she rang me up with the attitude of me inconveniencing her. At this point I felt as though no one deserved a tip because of the wait, and her rudeness. So when I signed their copy of the receipt I drew a line through the tip area. When I handed it back to her she showed it to another employee, to which he replied "pendejo". Now I don't speak Spanish, but I know enough to know what that meant  when I looked at her she had a snotty smile on her face, so I took my food and walked away. I refuse to eat here again simply because of her attitude and the unnecessary insult. Expect great food, but don't expect service with a smile. You might even get an insult with your meal too.
2	I went here with much optimism because of the great reviews on here. But when I walked it, it was nothing of what I expected. My sister and I were craving some shrimp tacos, so we went to the taco line. It was very disorganized for the amount of people in there. I like the idea of the street taco, but maybe they should have made a longer buffet line. After waiting for about 10 minutes before we could be helped (even though several employees were standing around and talking), they said the shrimp would be another 2 minutes, and that we should sit down. That turned into 15 minutes, and we decided to get some chips and pico de gallo. My sister and I went up to see if they were done, and to our dismay everything that we wanted on the tacos were wrong. They put cheese on shrimp tacos, and being the foodie I am that is a big no no. We decided to ignore it and went to pay. The whole thing cost $15! That isn't a bad price, but on the menu tacos cost around $4 and we got two orders... So chips and pico de gallo cost $7?! Anyway the food was mediocre, but not good enough to come back again.
4	I'm a little disappointed by my beloved taco y taco today. I frequent the original location on Tropicana, but this was my first visit to the new place. While the food is still 5 stars, management really needs to step it up on service and organization. I saw the advertisement on facebook about the buy 2 tacos get 1 free for Cinco de Mayo for both the 4th and 5th. The advertisement said for the Eastern location only so I thought it would be a perfect time to check out the new digs. When the girl at the register told me the price, I thought it was a little high and asked if she applied the deal. She informed me that the deal was only for the Tropicana location! I told her that's not what the ad said, and I guess a lot of people came in under the same assumption, but she was still not willing to apply the discount. As soon as I got home I checked out facebook again, and they recently posted a new ad listing the Tropicana location, and deleted the old one (clearly trying to cover their tracks). But those tricksters forgot to delete the twitter one that still said Eastern. Good try, but I caught you! Overall, things just aren't running as smoothly at this location as the original, but it's still early so I'll give them some time to work out the kinks.  But like I said, management really needs to get things in order. Despite my frustration, I can't deny the tacos. Between the 2 locations, I've tried the al pastor, lengua, tripas, carnitas and asada. The al pastor is definitely my favorite, followed by the carnitas and lengua. The asada is just ok, and the tripas was good but they didn't make it extra crispy as I requested. I'll be back, but I'll probably stick to the Tropicana location for a few more months and give the new place some more time to hopefully get things running more smoothly.
1	This is for the eastern location. I love the one on Tropicana but the eastern one is terrible. It is a mess of a line and the service is awful! They advertised a special of buy 2 tacos get one free. Not only did they fail to honor there deal but than they messed up on my order. Go to the one on Tropicana the food and service is top notch and they treat the customer right. The one on eastern feels like a different restaurant entirely and not in a good. way.
3	Its confusing when you first walk in.  Where are you suppose to go to order your food? Is each line for something specific like a taco vs a bowl? They don't have what kind of meat it is in English on the menu and the employees were busy so I ended up looking up each word on my phone. The food is tasty and meat is moist. Lack of organization, dirty tables and trash was wanting to come out of the trash container. Bartenders were pretty slow. Good margaritas, but the two bartenders I went to at separate times made different types of margaritas.  I didn't question/complain to them about it, it was just a margarita.
5	This place can be a little intimidating if you've never been. Four different lines and a ton of options. Try the Alpastor taco (amazing) and a vampiro (basically a crunchy quesadilla w/meat). If you get a little lost ask someone for help and they'll happily guide you through the menu and they let you sample any of the meats (if your feeling adventurous).
2	this restaurant has great food.. tacos are amazing. but the one thing that i keep coming back for is the corn on the cob (mexican street style). its so amazing. you cant go wrong with anythibg on the menu.. there is one small complaint i do have though. yesterday i had gone there to pick up lunch for my office. all the food was set up and i had paid for everything. the lady who had rang me up.. first asked if i wanted a bag for my large order. she then told me to wait a munute while she had to put ice in the ice machine and i understand that maybe that had beem something that needed to get filled.. but couldnt she have had asked someone else from the back to do it for her?  instead it took her an additional 10 mins before i got my actual order packed. i had asked her and the other guys in the back for my order. but i wasnt awknowledged. i then asked for the manager and she said she was... this kind of service is unacceptable. she didnt say sorry for the long wait or anything. needless to say.. if this one particular employee is working.. i will not be eating there and im gonna be telling everyone i know about it.other than this bad experience ... food is great nd service is ok.
5	I think i have been to this place about 7 times in the last 3 weeks since i tried it for the first time after reading reviews. I love how fresh everything is, the corn tortillas are handmade in house and are awesome. I use to have to go down to EL GORDOS but now i dont have to travel 20 min to get my taco fix. Thank you Taco y Taco for providing quality food at affordable prices. I will be a frequent customer i promise. I actually met one of the owners the other day when i was there and was able to tell her how much i liked the place. Everything i have tried so far has been great well maybe except the burrito I will prob still go to chipotle for that. The flour tortillas there are just way better. But everything else has been the bomb!!!
2	Food is over priced , menu is confusing , they charge you for chips and salsa , zero customer service , the reality of it is this is an overpriced taqueria . The atmosphere is blah , had to check it out because I love Mexican food but def won't be going back
4	Great Mexican food. The al pastor and al carbon are excellent. I would go there all the time for the food but the ordering system always confuses me. With no standard menu and no system in place to direct you where to go it's a little confusing of you're not used to it. But the food is worth the wait/confusion.
3	A step above Robertos!If you're looking for an authentic Mexican joint of tacos and burritos, this is not a bad place to try!Tacos y tacos is located near Eastern and 215 in the same center as Cafe Zuppas, Smash Burger, and Twin Peaks.Restaurant is roomy and clean. We went on a Friday night and they had a DJ which was pretty neat.It was very crowded tonight and when we went up to order, it was so disorganized. This was a our first time coming here so we had no clue on how their ordering system went. We can see the different stations but we weren't sure as to who we place our order with etc etc.We ordered the asada burrito, asada taco grande, asada nachos, and Elote (Mexican style corn).Large portions for fairly cheap prices. Meat was a bit on the dry side. Definitely not healthy food so stay away if you're on a diet. I would recommend trying this place over Roberto's and if u want to venture out from Chipotle.
2	I'm agitated by the time I sit down with my food. So many different eateries I go to, I understand the delivery system. Self-serve, buffet, seat yourself, order/pay at counter then take that thingamajig number to your table, and of course my favorite, full wait help service! But at Taco y Taco, I look at the menu board, see the different ordering stations, the cashier to the side, and I don't understand! I do understand, I just don't see how it's a good system. So if I wanted an Al Pastor taco, I stand and wait in that line, then if I want a quesadilla for my son, I wait in this other line, order, and wait for that.  Which line is to order the corn? Each station has a couple of guys back in that general area, but you don't know who takes what order, you just wait till someone asks you or make eye contact with one. So finally, I pile all my food onto a tray and make it to the cashier line, wait, pay, then wait at the salsa bar line. Yes, I'm serious. Hallelujah, I finally get to sit, only to realize I forgot my napkins. Where's the napkins line?I've tried this location twice. I won't review the food, because I don't think I've tasted enough of these tacos elsewhere to know how good they are comparatively. Food was ok, I don't crave any to go back in a hurry. Plus, I've heard about their recent health demerits. I appreciate  the music and the vibe, and that they offer vegetarian options. I liked sitting upstairs and prices are reasonable. Will I be back? Probably not. I'm not on the Taco y Taco bandwagon, but I'm ok with that.  I'll go look for a taco shop where there's only one line.
4	to be brief... this is one of the best taco spots i've been to in las vegas. the carne asada and carnitas have a lot of flavor. they also have the best selection of sauces that i've seen here in las vegas. only downside to this place is that 5 tacos and a mexican coke will run you $12.
2	So I finally got to try this location (Eastern/Richmar) after eating plenty of times at their other location on Tropicana.  Upon walking in my husband and I thought..."oh they did a nice job with the remodel inside"...until we sat down and really got a chance to look around.We sat facing the stairs (right in front of what appeared to be their booths) so this enabled us to see the upstairs.  The curtain appeared to have fallen off.  The front area looked odd...was it a place where people can eat or is it a sort of lobby/waiting area?  Maybe If the place was packed with people it wouldn't look so empty?  The bar area only seats about 4 people...and we thought it was suppose to be somewhat of a bar/restaurant?  The ambience just didn't fit well with the type of food they serve. Now the kitchen...they did a great job with the remodel of the kitchen as the restaurant before did not have all that kitchen equipment.  It started to make more sense to us once we saw the kitchen...as a lot of money went into getting all that equipment so I'm sure the owners just wanted to open the doors to start recouping some of that money.  Now the food...we were disappointed as it just didn't taste like their other location.  We love the Al Pastor tacos; however, their Al Pastor seemed to be heavily spiced with cinnamon that it over powered even their salsa that they put right on top.  We also had their Barbacoa tacos and the meat was on the chewy side rather than what we're used to with the meat just falling apart easily.  We overheard a lot of new customers confused at where they are suppose to order.  Now I read the other reviews from other yelpers and you'd think they would put up some directions by now as to not upset new customers...but they haven't.  Maybe that will come when they start focusing on the dining areas...Sorry for the 2 stars...as I do like your tacos (at least the once we had at Tropicana).  I will wait until you all settle in...to try it ince again.
2	To me this is a waste of time, came in for dinner with my wife and both of us share the opinion here, we are both huge fan of Mexican food and try new things all the time, therefor we were exited for a nice new place in our neighborhood.Here is the final on this place: don't waste your time, not worth the hazzle.Place looks good, in a great location although previous openings have failed here but everything else is wrong, the ordering is confusing and unorganized, there is no organic flow through the experience, the acoustic is horrible so the music played even at moderate volume becomes mindnumbing. The food is not bad though but not worth the hazzle to try, this place have not decided if it's a fastfood place or what it is, Faustos, Roberto's and even Taco Bell have a defined identity and much better system in place.Too bad, we are rooting for management to get a wake up call and make this work like a very basic fast food place.
3	Super cool decor and interior. I like the open order stand and variety. However, the chicken tacos were SO salty and the pastor was okay, but I lived in Mexico City for 3 years and this was nothing like the pastor there or in places like Cancun or Acapulco.  The staff was very nice though, very friendly!
3	Lets talk tacos for a moment... Alpastor, yes please. cut right off onto my freshly grilled tortillas topped with some onion and cilantro a little sauce and some pineapple... It was great. We also picked up some corn in one of the many lines to choose from when you go up to order and we decided to get it mexican street style, now not to downplay the alpastor tacos but the Mexican street style corn was the highlight, perfectly cooked sweet corn with all the fixins is enough to make you come back for more. The salsa bar also had some great options and I would definitely recommend the habanero salsa.Now, lets get to the few things I was not see excited about.1.) Pick a line any line- If you want an alpastor taco and a carnita taco it is in two separate lines and then if you need to pick up some corn you have to get in another line.2.) Pay for your meal- Yes it is another line, It really reminded me of a college cafeteria, walk the line get what you want and then the dude in the hairnet at the end will ring you up.3.) Cleanliness- most of the tables in the dining area had not been wiped down or cleaned and it just made the entire place seem dirty. Overall, Yeah i will probably end up here a time or few again but I don't know know that I will be making it my go to taco spot.
5	Eastern is such a nice facility & the staff is Friendly. A huge salsa bar. Good prices!
2	Still willing to drive to tacos el gordo after eating here. Super slow service. And the guy making our tacos kept dropping meat and couldn't stablized a damn taco. Then the cashier was having a beer. And the two guys mopping were counting their tips out on the floor. When they were done they didn't wash their hands, put gloves on, and went back to plating food. If that's the case then I'll go to the ghetto and gett better food for faster service. At least I  know what im getting myself into. The food itself was not bad, I like that they actually season (salt and pepper) food well. As an overall experience it was not very good.
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy. Tacos Al Pastor are the best thing there. Followed closely by something called a "pompito", it's not on the menu but is basically steak mashed between corn tortillas that have been fries with cheese on each side the guacamole and salsa. For the negative reviewers who's big complaint is they can't figure out how to order, buy mine and I'll meet you there and show you how to go through the line... Or just ask, they're very friendly.
5	Been here several times now and have had nothing but GREAT food every time!! Al pastor is out of sight good, carnitas done right and that evil Mexican street style corn that keeps me up at night craving more, I may need an intervention if I eat any more of that corn!! Yeah the service line at the eastern location is a little quirky, but once you get the hang of it, it's all cake baby!!
5	I absolutely love this place!!! I love tacos and all Mexican food! There's is delicious! You can pick out whatever you want and it is extremely fast! It is also really fresh!!! It isn't some cheap taco place like Roberto's! It's delicious! I love coming here
3	The food is great, but the place is a mess.On Friday through Sunday, there is a live dj blasting any song from the last 5 years. The current dj doesn't stick to a song for more than ten seconds.I will come back for the fresh meats and veggies, but the dining experience is merely tolerable.
2	Totally confusing from the decor, to the ordering "system", to the menu, to the location of utensils, napkins.....the flow of the place is ridiculous. Food was OK.  Guess I dont appreciate stale, flavorless tortilla chips, brown (old) guacamole and peasant cuts of meat. I'll take Roberto's over this joint any day.
1	First impression...place looks very clean. Sadly customer service was not good.  Staff not to friendly. Stood there for a good 5 minutes before I was acknowledged with a "oh you want tacos". Really???  Not feeling by thuis time. We sat down to eat. The meat was not tasty at all. Lacking seasoning/flavor.  My poor husband found a hair in my husbands taco plate. My daughter got food poisoning from the Agua de Horchata. Will NEVER go back to that place. You want good food, good FRIENDLY service...Tacos Tijuana on Flamingo. They were closed, is why we ended up at this nasty place.
1	Do not EVER eat here!!! Or the tacos at least. I went with a friend of mine and her sister. I got tacos and they got other menu items. I am just getting over a 36hr food poisoning! The food wasn't even that good. I have had way better tacos. The people I went with weren't impressed either. Do not waste your time or risk your health at this place!
5	This place is unreal! Street tacos are incredible, burritos are solid and the corn is amazing. Gotta go for the al pastor, best meat by far. Street tacos come with a guacamole spread, cilantro, onion and pineapple. Highly reccomend this place, my favorite Mexican spot by far.
2	Meh...Food was OK.  Chipotle or Zabas is better.  Environment is great and the patio was delightful.  But, I really do not like the "station" set-up.  I was so confused, and, didn't find it easy to navigate, at least for their quality of food.  If the food was to die for I would expend the energy necessary to figure out which line to stand in, get my food and then go stand in a second line to pay the cashier.  I really don't like that there isn't waitstaff, especially for drinks!  To go up to the cashier each time is a waste of a good buzz.Maybe great for some, but, not for me...
5	Cool atmosphere, upstairs seating and a salsa bar. Fresh meat cooked right before your eyes and they even have vegetarian options. Try the fish tacos there to die for. Make sure you get them loaded. Fresh corn on the cob street cart style and a cold beer to wash it all down. YUMMY!!!!
1	I have been living in Las Vegas now for 1.5 years. One thing that is very apparent is the competition in the trendy restaurant business. We have so many choices and the one thing they should all have a heightened awareness of is consistency, quality and outstanding, superior customer service.  Customer service is the one characteristic alone that we all know brings repeat business to a restaurant. This place certainly gives you a feeling of uncertainty.  I never write reviews about restaurants but rather give my opinion by word of mouth.  To me it holds more value to personally tell someone an experience, there is a loss of interpretation from reading about it, however my experience at this place was totally beyond unacceptable.  So I had to create this account with YELP just so I could tell the public what a lousy, unfriendly, confusing experience I had.1 )  First impressionAfter seeing the hand written sign in the window and waiting for months to try this place I am so disappointed I in my experience. When you walk in to the place there is no sense of direction as to where to start, where to order and no one to greet you or answer questions. Everyone is meandering around trying to figure out how to order their food, one customer asking another do I do?? If they wanted to convey the sense of wandering the streets of a foreign country with street vendors selling food; well they definitely accomplished their goal. I felt like I was at the Swap Meet in North Las Vegas. You have to be a leader and form your own line or be the one to tell everyone else what they have to do to order food, after 5 -10 minutes of deciphering the menu boards that are hung behind the cooks 2)  The Food The tacos were below standard in taste. I had to try 2 of each and the flavors all blended together. There were no real distinct flavors between any of the meets except the Chorizo, it was ok but they are all very small.  I would have been much happier going to Super Burrito than to eat the greasy bland tacos at this place. .  A specialty dish Mole Smothered Fries was displayed with a 8x11 piece of paper, hand written with No Price, and no direction as to who takes the order. I inquired about the special to the closet server to the sign and he had to go ask someone else, he said What Special?? Finally a different server asks me what I needed so I had to repeat myself and he had to get someone else to get it. I did not have a good feeling about what I was going to get since they did not even know about the special. Needless to say it was the worst Mole I ever tasted and had enough salt in it to last me a month.3) Customer Service & PriceSo after eating some of the tacos and smothered fries I bought, I needed another beer. So I looked at my receipt and discovered I was charged $7.00 for a draft beer. I asked the cashier was there a mistake and she had to ask the bartender, he confirmed it was $7. he also said the bottle beer was $3.00 and it was happy hour. Well no one told me it was happy hour and it was not posted for anyone to see. But the one thing that was startling to me was that in the whole beer drinking world the normal Tap Beer  is served at happy hour prices.So I ask for the manager and an insensitive young lady struts over to my table with an attitude and from her introduction has no manager or professional business skill to begin with.  I explained to her what the situation was and she walked away to reprint my receipt she returned only to reiterate what I already knew.  There was no apology for the lack of customer service from the cashiers not telling people it was happy hour and bottle beer was cheaper. There was no empathy but rather a unprofessional arrogant attitude. If I would have experienced one shred of concern or a slight sense or knowledge of customer service from anyone in that Tacos Y Tacos I probably never would have written this review. Yes it's fresh and it is grilled, but there is also Fresh and Crappy taste and service which this place exemplifies!! I am very familiar with excellent customer service and this place has failed to produce that quality and I will never go back, there is no value to what they serve.
3	This was a pleasant surprise! It's a fancy little taco joint. The tacos were great, the asado fries not so great.  The meat was overlooked for sure.  I was almost wondering if they just threw the leftovers scraps from the taco stove onto the fries.  The corn was good. Doesn't beat the cart flavor! The horchata was as expected.  They had a Mexican dance performance since it was cinco de mayo weekend.  The first 3 min was cool.. After 10 min it became annoying cause it was so loud you could not enjoy your food.  I disliked having to fall inline at each stand depending on your meat choice.  Overall ok, ok place.
5	Barbacoa tacos are yummo, rice is seasoned good! Meat Is tender and flavorful,  great salsa bar w free beans (black or pinto) with a cold beer and dinner is complete.
4	My husband and I went here a few days ago and we were happy with what we ordered. We came in to have a late lunch (2pm) and it was confusing at first to figure out how to order. There is separate stations to order different type of foods (al pastor station, taco station, etc). Then you eventually end up at the end to pay at the cashier. We ordered Al pastor and chicharones tacos, with mole fries. The food was good but since we were waiting to go through each station, by the time we paid our food was warm instead of hot. The food was delicious and the ingredients were fresh except we wished the chicharones was crispier. I'm assuming since we came in late the crispiness was gone over all.There is seating everywhere. I'm not sure if this place has always been Taco Y Taco, but there is 2nd story seating.
4	Delicious food but it can be chaotic and confusing for your first time. There's multiple stations to order from, it can be really loud during peak times, and most of the menu is in Spanish. This is why I gave it 4 stars and not 5. Other than that, love the Gran Tacos, Barbacoa street tacos, and the Corn on the cob served Mexican Street style is the best!
4	After watching everyone check in here, I had to try it for myself. This is not your typical american mexican restaurant but rather it is designed to be an authentic taqueria.  Set up with stations where you can get al pastor, tacos, burritos, and specialty items, you get your tray, pick your items, some are warmed up right in front of you, and then pay per item.  The items are reasonably priced with the average taco priced around $2.25.  It is served up cafeteria style, meaning the food is already preprepared and only a little warming up on the griddle is necessary.  I expected the food to be dried out having been premade but it was surprisingly tender and moist.There are TV's around the room so you don't miss the big game.  There is a small bar as well.  The staff is friendly but to be honest, I could barely understand what the servers were offering me.  It is a good idea to know what the different foods names are before you go in, or speak spanish.Still, I enjoyed everything I tried and will be back.
3	Think of this as a mediocre version of Tacos El Gordo, but in Henderson and less authentic. I had the al pastor fries, which were decent. The meat came from a metal tin like they would do at Chipotle. Al pastor meat only comes straight off the spit when ordering a taco. I didn't try any of the tacos, so I'll have those next time and maybe this place can earn a higher rating.
4	A little slow at times but everything was amazing the elote was great I'm glad I don't have drive into the city to get real Mexican food anymore!.... If only they had churros
3	The concept and decore are something different to offer guest. They use the freshest ingredients possible and the salsa bar gives you access to endless types of different flavors.  I gave Taco y Taco 3 stars.  To my disappointment all 3 items we order were extremely over seasoned with salt. "Guys, let the natural ingredients speak for themself, salt is a flavor enhancer not a DOMINANT flavor." In addition, 80% of the cheese on our carne asada fries was unmelted. I look forward to eating here again in about 6 months. To give them time to workout all the bugs. ALSO, no need to tip they add a service charge to all bills!!!
5	Want to have authentic street tacos, as good as those you can find on the best corner in LA? This place delivers!Only been in LV for 1 month and have already been back a dozen times.  Needless to say, I'm a fan!
5	This place is so delicious!! Came here for the first time on Cinco de Mayo, and it was jam packed. My friend and I found a place at the bar to enjoy, and we definitely did. I got 1 al pastor & 1 pork belly. So delicious!! Came back here today for lunch with some friends and the experience was pretty much the same. Great food, jam packed with people. This time I tried the elote (corn on the cob). Make sure to get it with everyone on it! The al pastor too - the pineapple counter acts the heat and makes it so good!The lines seem to confuse everyone though. At each window, you find a different kind of taco/food. So just pay attention otherwise you'll be in the wrong line.If it was closer to me, I'd definitely be here all the time. I'd for sure recommend this to all my friends!
2	I think I am giving up on this place the food is good but the ordering process is to chaotic. They really need to simplify the multiple lines. It's really confusing. I went with 3 other people. All of  us agreed that  it really wasn't worth the wait. Plus their salsa bar was mostly bare and was not replenished during our entire excruciatingly long visit.
5	This is my favorite taco place.  This place could be a little confusing for first-timers.  There are several lines that you can order food from.  The menu is above the line you would wait to order your food.  The Al Pastor tacos are awesome!!! Order it with everything!!! It's the last line on the right-hand side. They cut the meat right from the rotisserie.  It's pork if you're wondering what it is. I'm not a huge pork eater but I promise you it'll be the best thing ever eaten.
2	What does a taco place and a live DJ have in common at 11:00 am on a Sunday? Absolutely nothing. And the ordering process looks like Terminal D at McCarran.
3	I was torn with this place... We stopped in for a late lunch on a Saturday.  It wasn't too busy so we were able to browse the menu and find seating without a problem.  There is one line for the al pastor tacos, another line for all other types of tacos and another station for nachos or bowls.  The al pastor looked really good as he was carving it off for my taco.  Honestly, it didn't have as much flavor as I hoped it would.  Don't get me wrong.  It was good... just not memorable.  The nachos were ok.  Again I had the al pastor for the meat topping.  Bummer.  Not so much flavor.  I will definitely say their contemporary decor and a DJ spinning the tunes as I walk in was definitely a surprise.  I wish they would clean the tables a little more often upstairs though.  I had high hopes and was disappointed.
4	Service was A+++ Omar was a great bartender and very attentive. Place was very clean. Food selection was good, would have liked to see a few more options. The tacos that we had were tasty and the salsa selection was very good!!! See you guys again real soon!!!
4	Tacos and corn and horchata oh my! Seriously some of the best tacos I've had in Vegas. From traditional tacos like lengua to the more mellow kinds for those of us who aren't that adventurous like asada. Extremely friendly staff who's definitely willing to let you taste test if you just aren't sure. Sometime there's a little slacking when it comes to refilling the drink machines or the salsa bar but overall everything seems in order.
3	This only gets three stars cause the food is amazing! Other then great tasting food, place is very confusing. When you walk in there is a line that no one has any idea what line they are in. The first two are for tacos, but if you want a burrito or fish tacos you have to go to another line.  They tell you to go there but then you pass 10 people and I feel like I'm cutting everyone in line.Everyone stood and looked at each and was  like what line are we in? Once you get to that line your suppose to be in, they don't speak English.  I ordered a carne asade burrito, and they tried to give it to someone else. I told them that's mine and he said ohhhh, and had to open it, but looked at me weird cause he did not speak English!I would give them a 1 star but the food is amazing! Great prices too! Just really confusing.  We also came on a Tuesday night and damn if there wasent 50 kids running around up and down making a ton of noise!
4	Food is great!! I get a crane asada or a loaded up burrito.  The corn (Mexican style) is so freaking goodThe lines are very confusing and chaotic.  Gets frustrating5 stars food / 3 stars lay out. Literally so annoying.
5	oh my fucking god these tacos are so damn good!!! best ive ever had.  and the workers are so fucking nice. and i want to thank alex the cashier for being so helpful and courteous:)))  will definitely be back with the homies.
4	Two words Pastor taco! This is a must try if you love crushing taco's. The fact that they have beer is a plus. The salsa bar hits the spot. Don't forget to get the elote!The Mariachi Monday is a bit too loud but entertaining. I sit with the kids while the wife fights through the multiple lines so its a win win for me, all the good food none of the aggravation
4	Finally tried it after co-workers raved about it. Have to say that the set up is a little confusing and you have to hurry and place your order in because people have no common sense and cut in front of you knowing you were standing there trying to place an order. Anywho....besides that the food was actually really good. I got a chicken bowl with black beans, peppers, lettuce,  guacamole , and a little cheese. The chicken has so much flavor. I was craving more! My boyfriend ordered 3 carnitas tacos and said it was actually really good. Will we go there again. Yes. But not during rush hour.
4	TyT still serves a g*d d*amn, m*ther f*ckin good burrito.... but not as good as the other location. My go-to, the al pastor burrito, didn't knock my socks off as it usually does. I'm gonna say it's bc you order 'ritos from a good 30 ft from the spit, so they cut of slices and keep it in a container, which dries out the meat, but really, I have no clue what the problem was. Beyond that, the salsa counter is still amazing (8 different salsas and a number of sides) and the digs, whoa, MAJOR upgrade to from the other location. High ceilings, interesting furniture... well done! Other props go to the fact that a side of guac is monstrous. That NEVER happens. Bottom line, is it as good at the one on Trop? No. Is it still a solid place to go for a good burrito? Yessir.  Protip: full bar in this mamma jamma
4	Great place to grab some tacos. The prices match most local taco trucks. There's lots of room at this location so it doesn't feel to packed. Although the live band isn't the best choice to have a tleast not the one that was playing tonight. The amount of profanity wasn't exactly inviting. I have 3 kids and I was a bit in shock when they started screaming F#ck. we will definitely be back for more. The corn is a must to get! Way better than Roberto's I'm glad they stay open later on the weekends!! Fast and friendly service.
3	Walked in and deafened by the loud music.  Let's say ordering food was a challenge.  We arrived just minutes before the lunch time rush began.  A very confusing process when ordering food.  Everyone was guessing where to begin.  Finally got our food and then proceeded to the salsa bar.  Now with the lunch time crowd piling in, getting to the salsa bar was impossible.  I would reccomend relocating it far from the confussing food ordering lines.  It became a mixed jumble of confusion and frustration for everyone.I ordered 3 tacos and she ordered a salad, along with a couple of beers.  Very tasty, and the salsas were great.  Had to practically shout to converse, because of the music being pumped over the sound system.  They do not skimp on the guac, compared to Cafe Rio, where you get a tiny teaspoon scoop of guac.  Finished with the meal and a cold Stella, while watching and laughing in amazement at the other customers trying to figure out the maze of lines.  Would eat here again, but would advise to avoid the lunch time rush.Place was clean and friendly service.  Food was authentic and tasty, but giving it 3 stars for the mass of confusion while ordering, and the overpowering thump of loud music.  This in turn.... caused every person in the joint to yell, just to converse..
4	HIP WITH LOUD MUSICIt helps to have some sort of preminition as to what you want to eat. It's all about tacos and nachos. The two quintessential tacos to order are the Pastor and Crunchy Tripe. As for nachos it's a sloppy and soggy adventure.Cleverly, this restaurant has zero Mexican ambience. No table service. Go directly to the taco station offering the meats you wish to select. If you're not sure, don't get in line. Food is placed on your cafeteria tray and when you have collected all your goodies, head to the smiling cashier.
3	First off the inside is very nice and it has a great atmosphere. Service was good. I had a carnitas burrito and enjoyed it, I also tried the pastro taco which I've never been a fan of so I won't judge it (I guess), but I will judge the carne asada fries which I felt were okay just a little dry.
5	Excellent tacos!  Must try the tacos of Pibil!  Very friendly service!  Not your ordinary taco stand... Modern day taco bar!!
4	A fancier Tacos El Gordo! I'm loving the feel of this place. Although I think Tacos El Gordo is pretty darn delicious, this place seems way more sanitary! There's so much to choose from! I'd probably come here over Gordos! It's pretty spacious too! There's even an upstairs you can go to dine. Last visit I got -- Corizo taco, carne tostada, and El Pastor taco. My favorite was the Corizo. It had just the right amount of heat to it where I didn't even have to put extra salsa. But of course I did anyways because I  just love the heat! Lol the Carne tostada was my least favorite. The crunch the tostada had had a burnt taste to it that I didn't like. It was kind of hard to eat. BUT, the carne was cooked to perfection. The el pastor was pretty amazing too although next time I'm gonna have to ask for no pineapple! YUCK! I hate anything sweet when I'm eating something savory! My taste palette doesn't know what to do! HH isn't really that great. $2 tacos and $1 off their beer and house wines. Barely missed HH but oh well.
4	Over all this Taco spot is great.  I really think they need to figure a better way to order your food or they need to make lines or maybe someone to guide their customers. First time going there and it was a bit confusing.
5	My new favorite taco shop.  Everything is fresh cooked to order.  The el pastor taco is delicious.  The mexican street corn with mayo, cojita cheese and chili powder is excellent.  They have a salsa bar with pinto and black beans and alot of fresh salsas.  My favorite is the avocado creme which I am addicted too.  The ordering is a little confusing the first time, but after that no problem.  This place is a must try for authentic street tacos.  Never had a bad meal here.
4	The food here is delicious. They have a great al pastor and asada, as well as all sorts of specialty cuts (lengua, cabeza, etc). Burritos are tasty too, and it's easy to order a simple plate if you don't want to try something new. Some of the salsas are HOT! Cute set up now that they have got things up and running (we came right after they opened and it was still a mishmash with the bar bistro that was there before). Lots of seating and a good selection of beers if you want to have one with your meal. Authentic and pretty reasonably priced. Taco tuesday is where it's at for a deal!
4	I went here looking for a good taco to rival one of my favorites a bit closer than the strip. The food was pretty good albeit a bit of a wait. The restaurant was not as clean as I would expect. Overall I will return but it is still not a favorite!
3	first time there and didn't know what to expect, the al pastor tacos were good, the carnitas taco was just a bit dry , the meat was tender but dry even with the sauces. it's really out of our way to eat there since we live by the Red Rock, we'd go back if we're in the area.. We ordered the fries with the meat since some of the reviews were high on that particular dish and I have to say NO, next time I'd rather order the nachos..... everything was fine other than that.... but like I said, it's out of our way....
5	This is my FAVORITE PLACE EVER. The employees already know who I am ... And I don't even care. Love it. Authentic and fresh. Delicious.
3	Very unique experience.  Not sure if it's authentic Mexican but sure feels like it.  The Al Pastor tacos are great!You just go up to anywhere and order, no real line or semblance or a line.  The tacos are a little over $2 a piece and are small, so the price adds up quickly if you get 4 or more.This used to be an Irish Pub, then a night club and now a Mexican joint.  The cool thing is that it kind of feels like all 3 elements are combined.  You eat Mexican soft tacos while sitting in a night club with Gaelic style woodworking.
4	If your looking for some legit street tacos Taco y Taco is spot to be. Although when we arrived we weren't sure where to line up because there are different stations. They should put some signs up for first timers. I ended up getting 3 tacos the Al pastor and 2 lengua tacos. The Al pastor taco was okay not my favorite. However, they have the best Mexican style corn. I highly recommend trying it if you want some legit Mexican corn.
4	I love this place the food is awesome alpastor is AMAZINGGGGGGG. But the dude behind the bar CAN NOT pour a beer it honestly brings a tear to my eye for all the anchor steam he wasted while pouring ONE BEER, I wanted to jump behind the bar and show him how to pour a beer or put my mouth under the tap.
3	The food was good and so were the prices. 2 tacos for about $2.25? Of course I'm buying! The exterior and interior of the place is classy. White walls with dark brown accents separates taco y taco from other regular Mexican places. It's very spacious. They have an upstair where you can overlook the restaurant.The only thing I didn't like was the service. I couldn't hear the workers when they were talking to me and I waited for 20mins to order the corn, only to find out that they ran out. Sucks right?! Running out of food should never be an option in a restaurant; hopefully they have already fixed that problem. I long for better customer service, also.
5	These people know what they are doing.  The meat is prepared with their own recipes, food is always fresh.  Everytime I go I get me a chicken bowl with fajitas, mushrooms, american cheese, pinto or black beans, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole, I'm hungry now.  An exclusive taco area.  First time I went I was amazed with how beautiful the place is.  This is definitely more than a taco place, it's a lounge bar restaurant with a bar that prepares the best home margarita, bartender Omar knows what he is doing.   A couple of thursdays I went there was a band playing, very nice that they have live bands even mariachis and dj's.  This is really a well rounded taco restaurant.  Expect to leave satisfied.  The food is really bomb and the place is so nice it's great to go on a date.  They have an upstairs area that is pretty much a lounge.   I like it.  Now that i wrote this review and got hungry, I'm going to get me a bowl and a margarita, oh yeah.
4	Clean. Amazing clean. It might be too clean for my liking.The service is great. They got it lockdown. The homies for sure.The food. I can't complain. I've had every protein. Top 3 goes lengua, tripa, and buche. Bomb dot com.The mariachi band on Mondays is a nice addition. It automatically makes everything super authentic.
5	I've been here twice now with the family and have had great experiences both times.  When you walk in, the restaurant gives you a homey feel with couches and chairs, along with the standard tables for you to lounge and eat your meal.  Big screen tvs show the latest sporting event and a full service bar is available for those who wish to endulge.  A rep is there to greet newcomers to explain how the ordering works.  There are three different lines, depending on what you want - tacos, burritos, bowls or which meat you are interested in - al pastor, asada, etc...  Cooks carve your meat selection and assemble your order in front of you.  A salsa bar is available with a variety of salsas and pickled vegetables.  The taste is very authentic and flavorful.  Definitely worth returning!
5	I honestly had to write this review, this place totally deserves it. First of all the food was amazing,  customer service is the best. I came earlier today with my girlfriend and had forgot my ring in the ladies room, the girl (Janet) went and searched for it 3 times till she found it and kept it for me .. ring wasn't valuable but was an important souvenir.  Anyways, I got here and they welcomed me again and gave me these corona rings and sunglasses and they were very extremely friendly... this is the new spot for me.. thank you very much
5	I was a little thrown off when I walked in and saw this place had a line to order at the counter and then take your food to your table, but you know it's really good food.  Every staff member I came in contact with was happy, helpful and seemed to enjoy their job.  Here's a good tip: sit at the bar and you can order there without standing in lines.  See if Omar is working - he's awesome!!
5	First there was Pepe's Tacos, then there was Tacos El Gordo and now there's this!!  Best part is the restaurant being only a block away from where I live so I don't have to drive all the way up north for damn good tacos.  Located at the former Republic Kitchen & Bar establishment along South Eastern Blvd, this is definitely one of the better looking taco shops out there.  I like how the new occupants kept the same floor plan from the old bar and added few Latin modifications to suit their concept.  Plenty of seats downstairs, upstairs and even outside.  This place has several stations for certain cuts of meats from which you can order any way you desire: taco, burrito, nachos, fries, bowl, and vampiro.  Salsa bar is also impressive with various sides and 8 different sauces!!  Thirsty? They have a full bar and an extensive list of beer on tap or in a bottle.  Happy hour is from 6-8 p.m. daily with live mariachi on Mondays and DJ spinning on weekends.I always get tacos with cabeza (head), lengua (tough) and chicharron (skin) anywhere I go so I had to try them out from this place.  The first two were quite tasty and really tender.  As far as the chicharron, they actually add crispy pork rinds which was a first since other taquerias normally just serve the taco with soggy pork skins.  What also got me hyped up is the fact that they have elotes since I no longer have to track down this dude who sells them from a shopping cart!!Overall, Taco Y Taco is one of the best Mexican joints in the valley.  I would give them six stars if I could.
3	This is real authentic Mexican food. The location is nice and the actual cooks are nice. I did have an issue though, the girls at the register are always rude and seem like they hate their job. Another issue, they run out of corn every time I order it.
4	Good Mexican street tacos & sides. My favorite were the adobada mulas & adobada fries. It's clean & casual with lots of seating. A good variety of salsas at the serve yourself salsa bar with spicy carrots & radishes. The only downfall is the set up for ordering. It's an "L" shape with different stations so when it's busy it can get hectic. But the food, prices & cleanliness of the place is why it is one of my family's local eats.
4	Everyone, please calm down!!! This is NOT a fancier Tacos El Gordo. Relax. Breathe in through your nose, out through your mouth....I know we're all excited Henderson/Silverado Ranch finally got a legit Mexican joint but this is not Gordo so stop comparing! Sorry to break the news guys. Yes-this is the best thing that has happened to Henderson and Republic Kitchen and look forward to strolling my hungover a** in here in my stilettos for some late night tacos...so yay to this! Had the Al pastor, Barbacoa, & Asada-pretty darn good! Noticed they had quite the selection in meats...can't wait to try them all. The salsa bar is fully-loaded, the restaurant was very clean and borderline fancy. (let's see how long that lasts) Tossing out 4 stars because the food was delicious, and would hate to see this place go anytime soon....with that said; this does not come close to TEG! (Tacos El Gordo) Keep it classy, peeps!
4	The food is good, just like the original. Specifically, I really enjoy the al pastor and the fried fish. And the carnitas. Bonus points to this new location for the atmosphere. It's hip, but it's still "fast-casual" aaaand they have a full bar. Prices are very affordable ($2.50/taco, complimentary beans, $5 for a good selection of drafts), foods good, it's in my neighborhood....I'll definitely be back.
5	I was craving legit tacos al pastor from the Mexican Riviera and Taco y Taco definitely came through for us! The tacos al pastor were delicious. We also had the Mexican street corn, a novelty - but equally as good! The salsa bar had tons of variety including two tours of ridiculously yummy beans, at least half a dozen salsas, roasted peppers, pickled & fresh veggies. Top it all off with a fully stocked bar and I am sold. We will be coming back for all of our authentic Mexican food fixes. At their low prices, that will be often!
2	Food is great! Service is a whole other issue! I called to place a pick up order, the lady that answered was so busy.. she would start taking my order then kept telling me to hold. I had to literally repeat my order 4x. (That's fine she got busy I understand) but when we arrived guess what? Of course I should have known. MY ORDER WASN'T EVEN READY NOR STARTED! AND TO TOP IT ALL OFF SHE WROTE MY WHOLE ORDER COMPLETELY WRONG! Then when asking for cucumbers because they were so out, she made it seem like it was the end of the world to get more. They never have lids for their unknown salsas, as if the salsa Nazi was going to take it all! Not pleased!
2	They've taken over the Republic Kitchen space and did a little bit of re-formatting but if you remember what RK looked like... it hasn't changed a lot in terms of space and feel.  They did convert most of the bar area into walk-up, taco order stations.  There are a couple different stations which are not clearly identified so you'll just need to walk up, hail someone working and ask for what you want and they'll tell you where you need to order.  To me.... this isn't really all that convenient because you could be standing in the wrong area only to find out you need to order what you want 2 feet to your left which may or may not have a line.  And the line situation is just whoever speaks up first because the "line" isn't all that defined.And then there's the cashier.  I don't know if she was new or just confused.  She rang us up, my husband ordered a beer which requires a totally separate transaction and then when I ordered my soft drink she said she had already processed our order and had to ring up my drink separately from everything else.  Why would you finish ringing up an order before asking if we wanted another beverage or anything else?  Not the best experience.The taste of the food was really good and had great flavor.But the service and the way the whole place is set up just turns me off so I doubt I'll be back.
4	Pretty darn great!! Al pastor tacos...awesome! And the street corn was perfect. I'm looking forward to trying more kinds of tacos. The salsa bar is great but the topping on the tacos is legit. No need for any extras
4	This place is the real deal. When you walk in it is very clean and has a really nice decor. They have different stations for meats burritos, etc. I tried several tacos the carne asada, carnitas, and al pastor. The best was the carne asada. We got a side of chips and guac which were plain and it turned brown pretty fast. We obviously had to try the street corn. I don't even like corn and it was sooooo good. cheesy and a little spice YUM YUM! There really isn't anything to comment about the service because they don't really wait on you after you leave the food stations. It is also pretty nice that they have a bar there.
1	The food is excellent.  The staff is VERY stingy with the lids to there salsa.  I bought 25 dollars worth of take out and they would only let me have 3 salsa lids so each person getting food barely had any salsa.  I asked them to buy more and they would not.  It was really disappointing because the food was so good.  I won't be going back because I like salsa with my food.  If you don't like salsa then your fine. Not giving enough lids Really cheapens this place.  They have lots of customers you would assume they can afford to give you salsa.  I think over time they will really get hurt by this.
5	The staff is friendly and helpful, they have amazing yummy food!! They have a large area for guests, are open late, have several special events each week. Check them out, you won't regret it!!!
3	Will definitely go back ^_^ The only reason its a 3 star instead of 4 star is how unorganized the restaurant was.FOOD:Al Pastor Taco (Station #4) - Delicious!  good pork favor and the toppings made it just rightAl Pastor Vampiro (Station #2) - Really good however i didnt even know what a Vampiro was.. there was no signs to describe it and no one could tell me what it was.  Vampiro is pretty much of a sandwich made of 2 hard corn tortilla, cheese, meat selection, onions, and salsa.   Lengua Taco (Station #3) - meh, it was okay.  The tongue lacked favored and need to have that seared crispy to make it really good. SERVICE: The layout of the open kitchen, signs, and where the food trays are is kind of deceptive.  When you walk in it seems similar to Chipotle/Subway, where you start at one end and make your way down to the cashier. There are actually 5 lines (Nachos/Burrito line, Station #2 Line, Station #3 Line, Station #4 Line, and the Cashier ).  However the food trays are located only next to Station 4 which makes everyone form a huge line.  You stand in line for whichever type of food you want and than you go to the cashier to pay.  The staff is polite and some are friendly the only problem is that no one explains what anything is... like a Vampiro vs. Mula vs. Tostada.  All the meats are listed and there are some you know off the bat just due to seeing it your whole life... but there are some i've never seen before.  When i ordered the Al Pastor Taco, the guy asked me if i wanted everything on it, I asked what is "everything" and he just looked at me.  I ended up just getting it so i dont hold up the line.
4	Although I only enjoy eating the corn on the cob dish. I seriously think that taco y taco deserves some credit for how fast their service is, as well as how friendly they are. I get my food right when I order it & the environment is positive! Good place for groups & families def a wonderful place to try! & the only thing that set me down a notch with their rating was due to how poorly they had their signs marked on where to go. Of coarse a gentleman escorted me right to the back where I needed to order after he noticed it was my first time in there. But I recommend that they clarify that a lot better for future customers (:
4	I've heard things about Taco y Taco, but I'm never quite near a location. We decided to grab a quick lunch here to seize the opportunity. We settled on getting tacos - Al Pastor -  it was on the sweeter side of marinades and a bit leaner meat. That can be a pro/con depending what you are into, but I happened to enjoy it. Cabeza - this was really good, they chopped it up well so that you get a even distribution of the meat and fatty bits. Lengua - If you aren't sure about lengua bits, this version may be easier to swallow as it was shredded up. The one thing I wasn't expected was it was gonna be dressed with salsa already. I mean, I suppose that's not a bad thing except I saw there were other sauces at the condiment bar that I wanted to try. Just FYI in case you are one who is spice sensitive (al pastor salsa had kick) or want to try various sauce that "everything" on it meant that. Prices weren't bad at $2.25, but are definitely higher than street tacos as they gotta pay rent on this large space. I enjoyed their horchata. It wasn't the usual Bang brand mix, but seems homemade! Lovely creaminess and just the right amount of spices...Yum! I did enjoy the tacos so I would be back, but only if it's not busy. I absolutely hate this style of ordering at stations when it's busy as it just gets to be a confusing and everyone getting in each others way.
5	Tried this for the first time a couple weeks ago and now I am hooked. Best Carne Asada Nachos in town. Very friendly. Great resturant! Highly Recommend!
4	Great authentic Mexican food. Try the  VAMPIRO !!! Sooooo Good!!! The corn is delish! Great atmosphere and decor. Clean and organize. Order your food watch how the customize your order !
5	I've tried over 30 taco restaurants and trucks all over Los Angeles and San Diego plus three awful places in New York City and NOTHING tops Taco y Taco in taste. The prices were $2 at the Tropicana location 2 years ago but increased to $2.15 last year and meow $2.25 this year however the inflation in prices is more than reasonable. You will not find a nicer taco restaurant in America. The bathrooms have automatic towels and marble sinks with nice flooring. The venue has high ceilings and very spacious plus a full bar with numerous beers on tap, liquor and unique beer bottles. The other location is also clean and spacious. Plenty of salsa, lime, radish, onions and peppers to add on.
2	Unfortunately I didn't have the 4 star experience I was expecting based on the reviews I read. That being said, I don't see what the hype is all about. I think people may have quantity confused with quality, because variety is just about the only thing this place has to offer. The line system was non-existent and employees walked around sweeping, yet didn't offer help to new customers that were clearly clueless. The music (techno & house) was blaring and not at all in tune with the supposed authentic Mexican experience the numerous signs claim you are said to encounter. And then there's the food, which was really just...blah. All in all it was a huge dissapointment unworthy of a follow up visit, which is a bummer because I'd been looking forward to eating here for quite some time.
4	I order a burrito, quesadilla, with meat and plain cheese it was delicious. The price is decent. Went around 11pm it was busy. Neat, clean.
4	At first I was a little confused with how the place was set up, where to order what I wanted. The staff was okay, chatting with each other while I looked around. Finally a cook explained the set up. I had the vegetarian tacos and my boyfriend had chicken tacos. Flavors were good. salsa bar was overwhelming, I wish they would label the 8 different salsa. Mexican corn was beyond good. Dj playing in the corner on Saturday night was a great surprise.  Planning on coming back again.
2	Want to try a new place to have a decent burrito. After watching them make the burrito,  I headed for Roberto's. Disappointed with the pre-cooked meat just sitting on the counter drying out. Made to order just taste so much better, but I will go back and try the taco's. The meat cooking on that vertical grill looks good but the burrito's need to change NOW.
4	The Al Pastor had the perfect balance of sweet and heat. I will definitely have it again probably two! I also had the corn, Mexican street style, the paprika made the corn seem even sweeter. The staff was friendly and accommodating...I guess they just needed to see a smiling face to prompt them to offer assistance. Taco Y Taco will be on my lunch list favorites!
3	I'm upset because I came in at like 11:20 am and was told "give me seven minutes". Which has never happened to me before. So I went outside and walked around for a minute and came back and now there are 15 people in line before me. That's why I came early ... To beat the lunch crowd! Then, two guys come to the front of the line from sitting down and order like ten tacos by giving hand signals to the employees. I'm like, uh, let me in on that. Turns out, the al pastor isn't even ready. So I left. The lack of communication, lack of preparedness, and the cutting. Can't handle it.
2	This was my 3rd time here and very disappointed!! They had NO salsa bar, no one ordering food but it took about 10 min to have some one come and ask what i wanted. The counters were dirty like they caught something on fire and the ambers blew on to them. Ordered 3 Carne Asada Tacos and a Carne Asada burrito. Also chips and guacamole. It was $4.15 for chips and guacamole and it wasn't worth it. The chips were hard, stale and the guacamole was flavorless. The Carne Asada tasted like it wAs cooked with fish! Awful!! I was in love with the Carne Asada but now i have to rethink it. Customer service was not great all they cared about is sitting watching tv or talking about what there plans were in Spanish. Not satisfied!!
2	So I decided to try something new over my favorite place to go get a salad (cafe rio)I had heard wonderful things about this place so my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try.It was a Tuesday afternoon around 2:30 pm when we walked in. We had never been before and a lady immediately addressed us and asked if she could be of assistance. She explained how everything worked and then we got into our designated lines to order. We waited for 5 minutes before I asked her if anyone would be taking my order. She looked at me and told me the gentleman (who was on a phone call) would be able to help me when he was done.I was a bit confused because her and 2 other people were standing around. He then got of the phone call 5 minutes later and apologized about the wait.I wasn't sure if I wanted a chicken or carne bowl so he allowed me to try the meat.I decided to go with the Carne bowl. Lettuce, white cilantro rice, bell peppers and onion, pico de gallo and pinto beans. My boyfriend got a Carne burrito. They were going to charge us $1.25 for a small container of guacamole but I think the gentleman just let it slide due to us having to wait.We then went up to the second floor to eat. This was nice, however I would recommend placing a drink machine with utensils and maybe a small salsa bar up there as well. (we had to walk down to get refills and needed utensils)We then bit into out food...That has to be the worst carne I have ever eaten in my entire life!It was so extremely salty that it made the whole meal unenjoyable. My boyfriend said the same for his burrito. I literally got a headache from how salty the food was about 2 hours later after leaving.the 2 meals plus a drink were around $19.00 but honestly not worth it.I don't think I will be trying this place out again.
4	I had the nachos, nothing special but it's massive. The barbacoa meat is good! Will be my fave the next time I come back. Oh on Saturday night they have a DJ which creates a fun ambience
4	First expect to be confused and frustrated... I was warned, and read the reviews, so I was prepared... I can't imagine how it would be during peak hours. The way you order and pay in separate lines for different items is wacky!!The music is loud... Suck it up, your not here for service, or to feel especially welcome. Your here for tacos, and that's what they deliver. I only had two (plus nachos, waste of time).The pastor was great, a little heavy handed with the pineapple salsa. But I won't ask them to change a thing for me.The carnitas tacos were dressed entirely different than the pastor, and just as bold and delicious.The salsa bar may take me 5 more vists to really get into, cause the tacos are so right, I don't need any salsa. The pickled veggies in several varieties is worth a run.The nachos were ok.. If the tacos weren't so good, I'd have liked them more. I realized i cheated myself out of an additional taco by having them. Short version:Definitely coming back. It will be loud, ordering won't make sense; the staff will try (in vein) to make it seem that this all makes sense to them, but I won't care. I'm not here for order, or quiet.Keep your eye on the prize...I'm here for the tacos.Taco y Taco
4	This new taco bar/cocktail bar concept..is brilliant!  When my girlfriend mentioned that we were headed to meet friends for dinner and we were going to Taco y Taco, I imagined the normal small taco shack with great food as you would find at their other location, with underwhelming decor.  I was overwhelmed when I entered Taco y Taco on Eastern. This place is big, two levels with plenty of seating and you'll want to spend some time here.  It has a nice ambiance with cool modern chandelier lighting and dark accents.  It's a surprise that their tacos are still only 2.25!?! We sat at the bar waiting for friends.  We had some happy hour beers and the bartenders were super nice.  Once we got around to eating, we went through the taco bar.  I had 3 tacos: one al pastor, a carne and a carnitas.  My fave of the 3 was the carnitas.  I wasn't overly impressed by the al pastor.  I've definitely had better.  My gf had tripa, lengua and an al pastor.  She seemed to enjoy them and had the same feelings about the al pastor. This is definitely a great spot for something quick, something slow and some late night dining.  Enjoy!
3	If you want an upscale-looking place with a taqueria-size price tag, bookmark this place. After hearing so much, it's hard to see how the reputation fits in with the reality. Coming from San Antonio, I'm used to quality taqueria fare, and though this place tries to do an upscale version, I'm not fully on board.Between the line backup (there's not enough space for separate meat counters!) and the music being too loud for employees to hear my order (a live mariachi in a cavernous space?!), there is a disconnect between the concept and the actual facilitation of business. Salsa bar has ridiculously tiny cups (without lids) and upstairs seating area lacks any sort of napkin/utensil station, warranting multiple trips up and down the narrow stairs. I appreciated that there were grilled onions, though. Execution issues aside, the food was just okay. By the time I got my corn and paid, my tacos were cold. The lengua, asada, and barbacoa were all mushy to the point that I wasn't sure which meat was which, and they should all be distinct. As others have said, I didn't care for the pineapple salsa on the asada. The corn was tasty, but the chips tasted like they'd been sitting out. I've been happier spending $12 at a taco truck, but I'd come back here at someone else's request.
4	I came here for the first time last night and I was lucky enough to meet two friends in the parking lot.  They led me through the process and made it easy for a Taco y Taco newbie to order what I wanted.The staff was super friendly and I soon had two tacos--one al pastor and one of their Vampiro.  I also got an elote--the first time I've had this at a Mexican restaurant.  I am a fan of this street food for sure.The tacos were good.  I got everything on the al pastor and the pineapple tends to overwhelm the rest of the taco.  I also dumped a fair amount of their hottest salsa on, so tasting for details wasn't too much of an option.  I got the Vampiro with carnitas.  The server grabbed a large piece of pork that was simmering in some nice juices and sliced away to put in the Vampiro.  This was very tasty and I'm glad I got it.  As for the elote, I really am a fan.  The cotija and then dusting with Mexican chili powder make for a great taste combination.Last night was Mariachi Monday and there was a Mariachi band playing in the foyer and just inside the restaurant for about the first hour I was there.  It did make conversation a bit difficult but it added to the atmosphere.The restaurant has a partial second floor which gives you more options for sitting.  However, when you forget something, like getting a drink and some plastic utensils, it's down the steps and back up again.  Better to get your hunger on a bit more.As I said before, the staff was really great!  They'll ham it up and pose for any photo op you want and they are helpful in answering any questions.  The ladies at thew register were just the same.This really was a good stop for tacos.
3	This place is on the verge of five stars.  Here is what went right with the place: great tacos, taco stations were quick, salsa bar was good and plentiful, they had different creations (vampiros), and their nachos were spot on.Here is what is wrong with the place: no fish tacos, the cashiers were horrible-they couldn't figure out the card machine and it took five of them crowding around the machine to figure out how to work it, and did I mention no fish tacos?  I feel like that is a must!I will go back... But I hope they at least figure out the credit card machine before I do.
3	I came here when it was fairly new, and I must compare it to Tacos El Gordo. I ended up getting a pork adobada taco, an asada taco, and pork adobada fries. I found this place rather mediocre compared to El Gordo. Their fries were super soggy and, the adobada seemed like it was sitting out for a bit. I honestly can't remember what the tacos tasted like either... Two super pluses is that their sauce bar contains a lot of variety, and their workers are extremely friendly and helpful (At El Gordo, they don't even acknowledge you).
2	I don't really know what the big hype is. I've had better Mexican food- and their portion sizes are just ridiculously small for what you pay. Bowl was about $6 and filled barely half of the plate (w/ a tiny scoop of rice). The Mexican corn was basically corn sitting in lukewarm water, lathered w/ margarine and sprinkled w/ parm and chili powder on it. NOT worth it. The 2nd time I went for just tacos (Al pastor) and they were decent but definitely not worth the price of 2.25/taco. It's a taco stand disguised as a "nice sit down restaurant" which it isn't.
3	3 stars only because the ordering experience is bizarre. They need to have some kind of guide, or staff who can really help you with it, even when busy. If you order at the bar though, you don't have to deal with any of that!
5	Great laid-back vibe, live music a few nights a week, friendly folks, and real authentic food. Brought a friend from Monterrey and after we devoured our tacos al pastor, carnitas, barbacoa, lengua and some rocking elote he declared, "just like the best taco trucks in Monterrey, but clean!" Not to mention I was pleasantly surprised by their beer selection - dead guy ale, rotating local beers, and more.
5	Compared to other reviews, I've had better luck with service at the counter or maybe my expectations weren't as high as others. It IS a very casual dining experience, people! This restaurant is very chill and the experience is the food. Every time I eat here, service improves. There are two separate counters; one for just tacos and one for everything else. If you are ordering nachos, don't wait at the taco counter because you'll be wasting your time. The taco counter is the first one you see when you enter. I think this is the best Mexican food in Henderson!!! How they prepare and cook their meats are authentic as you can get. They have the typical meats, like carne asada and barbacoa, but if you are a foodie-type person I highly recommend tasting the chicharron (pig skin) and lengua (beef tongue). You must get their Mexican-style corn on the cob too! My boyfriend loves their barbacoa nachos.
4	I love their tacos! The al pastor tacos in particular are delicious. We normally also get al pastor fries, as well, which are amazing.It has a great space and tons of seating.The biggest downside is the set up. Getting the tacos is the easiest part and the fastest but after that, the wait for anything else such as burritos, fries, nachos, etc., is pretty long. If they switched the setup, I think it would be way more efficient.Price wise- it's pretty fair. About $2 a taco and about $7 for a burrito. So definitely nothing crazy!
4	Nice clean and great smiling service...had a family outing and loved that they had the space for 13 of us to sit together comfortably. Food was delicious and fast!
5	Incredible tacos, great people, they will help newbies if you are unclear about whats going on and will let you sample the different kinds of meat. Sit at one of the 5 stools at the bar and they will bring you food! The mixologist (Omar) is incredible and the spicy margarita it too good to be true! Definitely the best street tacos, and an authentic Mariachi Band on Monday evenings 6-7pm.
5	Awesome place to try out! I was slightly overwhelmed when I walked in because of the cafeteria style line, but next one will be prepared. I had the muleta, vampiro, street corn, and chips and guac and they were all excellent! I was surprised by the format in this building because I had been to republics which it was previously. It ended up being a great change of pace and the food was great. A fun group outing as well.
4	Great food. Menu can be a little confussing for us amateurs.  Love the radishes and great setting.  No worries, just ask those around you about their favorites.
5	This place has the best tacos in Las Vegas if I could give them more stars I would. Fresh ingredients they have the best cabeza tacos in the world I would highly recommend trying them
5	Great hang out for friends or large groups. Authentic Mexican food. I had a carne asada burrito with everything except rice, so delicious. The meat was grilled and not boiled like many other Mexican fast food places. I will be coming here again soon. The jimica was fresh and not watered down either. A must try new restaurant!!!
2	I like the food here, not quite Tacos El Gordo, but good. The killing point for me has been the poor service, rude cooks and the miniature portion cups at the self serve bar. On one occasion the system was down so the cashier could not process any card transactions. I told her I have cash and she said she could not get into the register because the manager has the key. I asked where the manager was. The cashier told me that the manager was busy with other things in the office......????I cannot think of what could be more important than fixing a service or operational issue, especially the issue of receiving payment. This is one example of the negligence I have seen from the manager/owner and there have been other issues I observed. The cooks have always been rude at this location and have shorted me food even after I verified the count I asked for to what they said they packed. The cashiers rarely are able to offer answers or assistance with anything. It seems like someone new is being trained every time I visit. Food 4/5 starsService/customer relations 1/5Management 1/5
4	I went get a few months ago and I'm sure glad I did.  It is so yummy.  I had the spicy meat taco and it was good.  Came back a few weeks later and got a burrito, it was so good and much better than Chipolte.  My only complaint is that they need to explain what the meat it. Majority of it I have never heard of and maybe get a wider range of soda or add tea to drink.  Overall a great and inexpensive place to eat yummy tacos or burritos and street corn. Open late
5	Authentic street tacos! Yum! The initial visit is a bit overwhelming as the service system is unique. Speak Spanish? Great! If not, you will undoubtedly be able to ask a fellow patron for advice. Once you know what KIND of taco you want it's easy, walk up to the corresponding number and the chef will prepare it for you, made to order. My husband and I are vegetarian and we had lots of options. We chose soy chorizo & cactus. We each had a taco and shared nachos. The salsa bar is amazing! To top off our delicious meal, 2 cervezas mas finas.
3	Very disappointingly 'eh' experience.The tacos are excellent, let's get that out of the way. The guys pitching you the tacos are friendly and do a great job.The front-end staff though pretty much kills it for me. They took forever to get us rung up and even so they rung us up incorrectly (there were four of us it's not like there were 20)... As such, the line was long and when I didn't get something I paid for and tried to go up front to get it they wanted to take a freaking inventory of my meal to ensure I wasn't scamming them for chips.  Additionally the pricing just wasn't there for me for a walk-up place like this. I was hoping for a better experience.
5	Soooo good!!!  This is a new favorite for me.  I had the al pastor tacos with everything and they were amazing!! I also had the barbacoa tacos...also fantastic. My boyfriend really liked it too.The service was quick and friendly and the restaurant was clean.  This is definitely worth trying.
3	Food was ok. Got chicken, barbacoa, and carnitas tacos. Wife got nachos. Food was a 6/10.  Tacos are miniature and I can get the same off the taco truck. For someone that's never been there it's totally confusing. The trays are at the end of the line at the register and the start of the line is labeled as station 4 instead of 1. Then the signage isn't good enough for the new customer to figure out how the whole thing works. Once you know how it works it's easy. There's not really a line, it's more a free for all to get your food and then get to the register and wait. Like most other people said, the register area is totally inefficient and slow. Super grossed out by the salsa bar. The ladle is WAY too big for the mini cups they provide, so you end up pouring it all over your fingers and then it drips back into the salsa. Saw this happen with almost every person before me. Passed on the salsa after I saw this.
5	Best taco spot in Las Vegas way better then tacos el gordo the carne asada tacos are perfect and if u get a chance try the suadero tacos really good and u can't go wrong with alpastor tacos yummy stuff
5	Best tacos in town!!! I keep saying I'm going to try their burritos but I keep ordering the same tacos. Very fast. Great service and a really good DJ that's not too loud and plays good music. My new weekend thing to do
5	An Amazing place....the food is off the hook, authentic Mexican food like nowhere else in the town.  Open late Friday & Saturday, full bar and if you have ever been to Mexico and had real food, this place is the real deal.Fresh made tortillas, any kind of taco you can imagine, burritos and more.All I can say is the food is great, the atmosphere is great, the staff are amazing and if you have not been here you are missing out.  This place is a must try.
3	I think I'm with fellow yelper Suzy H....the "lines" are a bit confusing and irritating. We stood in 3 different lines just to get a couple tacos, mole fries and a quesadilla. Not to mention the line to pay in. Oh, then the salsa bar line. Ugh. I couldn't find the napkins either and that irritated me. We sat upstairs and waited 30 full minutes for them to get our mole fries to us. I am positive they forgot after 2 reminders even. I watched two guys get theirs with no problem. They consisted of sweet potato fries with a mole sauce, chicken, and cojita cheese. This was worth the 3 stars. The tacos were soaked in a weird sauce and the quesadilla was so plain I wanted to take it back. The decor was cute and hip. There is a full bar. They have "patio" seating but I can pass on that. It's 3 tables on the side of the building. I'm pretty sure we won't be back. Nothing impressed me there and it's not close to home anyway. :)
5	Best tacos in town! Definitely recommend this place for authentic Mexican food and great customer service.
4	Love the ambiance here.  The food is good.  My husband loved it.  The corn was yummy.  I would love to go back with a group of people.  Fun to see your food being put together in front of you.
5	I've heard of this place on the radio, thought it was all hype. But I was wrong! !! This place is awesome,  the atmosphere is great with good music. The al pastor nachos is what I had and let me say the al pastor is the best I've ever had.
4	Great al pastor tacos.  Asada and barbacoa are also great.  I eat here every chance I get.
3	3 cheers for happy hour pricing on beers! Like many others have said, this restaurant is set up like a fancy Tacos el Gordo. Except the patrons and ambiance are a lot more wannabe hipster and lot less Mexican. The food is good. Flavorful, if a little bit on the saucy / soggy side. The Mexican street corn is really delicious and they really don't skimp on the meat and cheese on the carne asada fries. My main dislike is how freaking loud it is in here. During happy hour they have a live DJ, which is fine because it's like, "whoo party tiiime," but even during regular hours they BLAST the club music. It is unnecessary for the music to be so loud, and it distracts from the food and conversation. My second dislike is sort of related to the set up. I understand they're trying to do it like tacos el gordo with separate meat stations, and that works only if they move FAST and at similar speeds. However, the burrito / fish & shrimp taco / fries, nachos & corn station is significantly slower than the meat stations. That means that if you want carne asada fries AND an al pastor taco, even if you order the fries first, go order the al pastor taco, and come back for the fries, by the time the fries come out your taco is cold. Even if you order carne asada fries and a shrimp taco (same station), they come out so far apart from each other that one is inevitably cold and soggy by the time the other comes out. So the only way to have all hot items is to order only meat items and no sides.
5	I love it here. If you know what to order and how to order (which I think is the MOST important) then you're in good shape. I've had their al pastor nachos, carne asada burrito, street corn, and their breakfast chorizo burrito. I love their salsa bar as well as the fact that it has both black and pinto beans at no additional charge. No, the workers are not the friendliest, but if you've ever been here during peak times, you'd kind of understand why they don't bother chatting it up, they have tacos to move!
4	Mexican food isn't usually my go-to when I'm hungry, but I truly enjoyed my experience with Taco Y Taco. I kept hearing the ads on the radio so I thought I'd give it a try when I was in the area. The service was friendly, the food was delicious, and the ingredients were super fresh! This is probably the only place in town I'll go to for Mexican food.
5	Been here a few times. Food is authentic, fresh, flavorful & quality!! Service is excellent! And the restaurant is very nice, spacious and clean. Good music & great vibe. Tacos are my favorite. If you want Mexican food in Vegas come here without a doubt.
4	Been wanting to try this place out for a long time and finally made it today. They have street tacos of all kinds of meat, burritos, nachos, tostadas etc. We had tacos el pastor, asada fries, carnitas taco, and tostadas de buche. Loved the tacos el pastor! They had great flavor. Also liked that we could order beers or whatever. If u like authentic street tacos then this is the place to go!
5	I love this place. Food is always delicious and affordable. The service is excellent.I have been looking for good Mexican food and finally found one. My boyfriend and I are regulars here.
5	I'm a vegetarian so my options are limited when I want tacos. This place has a "soyrizo" taco/burrito that is made out of tofu but tastes just like churizo. It's amazing. I loooooove this place.
4	Their pork tacos are amazing ! The street tacos are small enough that you can try several different meats. They have an open salsa bar and full alcohol bar. Great little place for some awesome Mexican food !
5	Great food reminiscent of the street vendors, taco trucks, and little "holes-in-the-wall" that are so good!
4	I came back last week even though the burrito I had was terrible but, I never had the taco's. So, if you have an adventurous pallet, this place is the best. I ordered everything. Brain, head, intestine, tongue, and the tongue by far is the best part of the animal I think. The Mexican street corn is also good. My fault for not looking at the taco menu, because I was set on having a carne asada burrito. I will definitely come back.
2	I think this restaurant may have an identity crisis, I'm not sure if it wants to be a Chipotle or a Faustos/Robertos of sorts. Either way it fails miserably. While sitting here at my table I have watched the cashier touch the sour cream bottles multiple times while the person on the line is touching them while making the food, a guy making street tacos dip something in a sauce bare handed and eat it and the bartender call a girl "big booty hoe" I quote. Now that I told you about the show lets talk about the food..........oh yeah nothing special there. It taste like well nothing. Nothing stood out from the burrito, the nachos or the corn.
5	Best tacos in Henderson. Try the alpastor (marinated pork) tacos. They are the best and make sure to get the Mexican corn. Fair warning on Mondays they have a live mariachi band and it's very loud! And their chips are a little over cooked. Still worth it though!
3	Been here a few times now.   At first I loved it.  And then service and food got worse each time.  And trying other taco places and comparing prices.  They are a little overpriced for the size of the taco.  Extremely small not much filling.  I do like the al pastor tacos still.  But i will be trying new places from now on.  So many out there to experience.
5	This is authentic mexican food and if you have ever been to Mexico, then this place will make you feel like you are back down there.  Everything is put together in front of you, there are 5 different lines depending on what you are looking for.  There is little they do not have in the selection of meats.Last night we had the Mole Fries, AMAZING and if you know how real Mexican corn on the cob is supposed to be served, you can get it here.  In the many years I have lived here, I have not had real Mexican food.  Yes there are many places here that claim to be mexican, but when you talk about authentic, this place is as authentic as you will find and the food is excellent.Oh yes, they have a full bar as well, so like 6 tacos, corn on the cob, Mole Fries, a fountain drink and a freshly made margarita, $30 dollars and a very full bellies.  You will not go wrong here, this place is awesome....
2	This was a tough one.  I'd give the food four or maybe even five stars, but the loud music makes it a horrible experience.They make great food, or at least they used to, but their stupid, loud DJ is killing their business.  Because of the loud music, we despise eating there, no matter how great the food is.  Too bad. Otherwise the Mrs. and I would probably eat there every week -- Or we would if the food is still as good as it was the last time we went, which was was last spring.  As it is, we just won't go there anymore  We went a couple times last spring, but we won't be back.Ambience is kind of like a Wendy's, but with really loud music.Really bad management decision.  They had good food and could have been a success, but ruined their business with that loud DJ.  Must be an investor's nephew or something.
5	This is an authentic taco shop real taquisa tacos , original mexican food i loved it finally idont have to drive across town to get some good tacos .I like faustos and chipotle but its not the same its not authentic so if that what you are craving this will  different experience for you . Over all great food employes are friendly big space down and up stairs music was a bit loud but didnt ruin my experience .
5	This place was great!!! The meat melts in your mouth and nothing beats fresh corn tortillas! Took my daughter here today with her friends for a bday luncheon and everyone loved it! The elote was ok I still think the ones I buy off the street in LA for $1 are better but hey I'm not gonna complain! The staff are so helpful and since it was I first time there they explained and helped us through! They were all so very friendly! I will mos def be back. P.s they have a dj there that is awesome! I almost thought I was at a club on the strip mind u it was 1:30pm.
5	This place has the best authentic mexican food! Staff is friendly atmosphere great great priced food  el pastor taco mexican corn and asada taco is a must have!
1	Ordered catering from here for a friends baby shower... Three separate people found HAIR in the guacamole... They were all 3 short straight black hair... And as it was a shower with all women... All of who had long hair... It was definitely not any of ours! Have tried contacting with no response back as of yet! DISGUSTING!!
5	Cheap, authentic & delicious food!  I thought I was back in LA for a minute!  The street tacos are made to order & $2.25 each. We came on a Thursday around 9:30pm & they had live music, well kind of. It's one guy signing & playing keyboard. Full bar, plenty of seating down or upstairs.
5	I love this spot!  Crave it on a weekly basis.  There is one other taco shop that I think tastes excellent here in vegas. However this one is super clean, especially in the kitchen.  There's also a good amount of food options.  I love the carnitas tacos with flour tortillas and everything on it.   Very generous with the meat.  No burned or tough meat.  Cooked tender and yummy!  Nachos are big and good for my boyfriend and I to share.   Perfect ratio of toppings to chips. Plenty of cheese!  The corn!!!!   Mayo, cheese, seasoning!  Must order.  Quesadillas were too cheesy for me. Will ask for less next time. Their generosity is a quality I do appreciate though. Everyone appreciated a bar... Drink away!  Would like to take advantage of the live entertainment sometime. The music plays loud.  I enjoy the variety. At times I find myself speaking loudly to overcome the volume.  And necessary to step outside to take a phone call.
5	This place gets 5 stars for the excellent bar staff. I've been here a few times since opening. My friend absolutely loves this place  like ranting & raving about them... Until this visit I thought they were ok, about 3-4 stars.... But they just secured that final star and I'm so glad I waited to review. First my only real complaint from the first few visits was that it was really difficult to find out what kind of meat I was getting on my tacos. I'm allergic to pork, I know, I know The Horror! Anyway, my pork allergy puts me on edge when I don't feel confident the cooks understand what I mean by "I do not want any pork!" I had been complaining to my bf that if only they could update the signs to show what kind of meat.... And low and behold they did! Yay! It is was less stressful for me to order and try new things now. We decided to sit at the bar, and what a treat! The bar is small so if you ever get the opportunity, I say grab it! The bartender (completely forgot his name - cute young, hipsterish kinda guy) is awesome. He's fun, friendly and very funny. He made me this delicious pumpkin pie shot... Yum! Consider me converted.
5	The reviewers giving this place 2-3 stars are morons. Why are you complaining about the noise levels WHEN IT SAYS ON THE DOOR THERE IS LIVE MUSIC certain nights?! WTF? As for the rest of the time, they aren't 'blasting club music' all the time at all, they will play a wide variety of music and on soccer/NFL days they will switch to the audio feed so you can enjoy the game. In addition, if you can't figure out how to order, or if you don't know what something is, ASK! The staff is very nice and accommodating, even thought the lines leave a little to be desired, admittedly. Must try the al pastor tacos, don't be afraid to try the cabeza, lengua, or tripas also. Corn on the cob street-style is delicious as well. If you're expecting Taco-Bell and are going to order a quesadilla and a chicken taco, save a few bucks and a yelp review complaining about something you don't know and just get your Taco Bell. If you're into trying new things and stepping out of your comfort zone, this is a place for you. With seats at the bar almost always available and the managers/owners(?) always around, this is a new favorite place to frequent. Happy Hour is nice, but you don't need to break the bank to eat here even during regular hours. Must visit!!!
3	This place is "okay". The spicy pork is not fabulous and a bit of a letdown. The fresh salsa and guacamole are pretty good. The room is cool. Overall it's just okay.
5	Friendly employees and clean environment. Food is amazing. If you haven't tried their corn, you're missing out! Best taco place in town with reasonable prices.
5	Food was great and the music was awesome.   I love the live DJ!!  My kids loved it too and wanted to make sure we checked out the "cool" bathrooms and went upstairs.  Can't wait to go back.
2	I have heard from my brother over the last couple months how great this place was and finally decided to try it.  I will start with saying that the food was okay.  Everyone keeps talking about how it's "authentic" Mexican food.  If authentic Mexican food is just cooked meat, then yes, that's correct.  But there is nothing special about it.  There was meat and salsa on small tortillas and one burnt tostada shell.  That's it.  Granted, I could have probably had them add other stuff to this, but unfortunately, as you have read in the other reviews, you have to stand in line for everything you want and that includes just wanting a little cheese.  After 5 minutes of the guy building some nachos and discussing family member and how great the restaurant was, I gave up and decided to forego the cheese.  Seriously, is this a challenge to see how many lines you can force me to stand in before I just give up?  They really need to read these reviews and make some adjustments or they are going to be like half the other restaurants on Eastern and be gone within a few months.
5	Best al pastor n lengua.  Don't be intimidated. ..just walk up to the windows n they will give samples.
2	Ehh... Foodwise, this place is okay.  But they're trying to be something I don't like.  They want to be a trendy place.  That's not what I want in a restaurant.Upon entering, you're welcomed by one of the most confusing ordering set-ups ever.  You can't go to one person and order everything.  If you want tacos, go to the taco guy, burritos at the burrito guy, etc.  On top of that, the signage is terrible and confusing.  It's a terrible set-up.Once you get your food and sit down, holding a conversation with others is nearly impossible.  They play techno and dance music at a volume where it makes it difficult to understand those with you.  Why do we need blaring techno?  Wouldn't some soft jazz or even quiet mariachi be more reasonable?  After all, this is a Mexican restaurant, not a night club.The food was average at best.  There was nothing that stands out.  And no matter what anyone else says, it's NOT authentic. If you want authentic Mexican at a good price, check one of the Los Tacos locations. Real Mexican food in a nice atmosphere at a reasonable price.As long as they keep their current concept, I will not be returning.
5	Well we came back ...Perfect o this time Cristofer the bartender awesome. ....li juego e always ..Good food nice people this time
5	So far I've only tried the tacos and house Margaritas. Both were excellent. The day bartender was super nice. I'll be back.
4	These street style tacos are delicious! The pastor with pineapple and carne asada w/ guac and handmade tortillas are my favorite. They have a little bar area and a set up for a lounge type at night, but I have only been there for lunch. The setup is a bit confusing since you have to go to different stations depending on what type of taco you want, but the staff is helpful. I think tuesdays they have taco specials.
3	Food was ok.  I like the salsa bar they had , but the service was a little slow.  If I had a choice I would still go to Chipotle, but may I give this place another shot.   Also more expensive than chipotle.
5	The best Mexican food I've ever had in Vegas and I've been here a decade. Super fresh ingredients kept simple and delicious.  Fast and friendly service and very reasonably priced.  The Mexican Corn and Carne asada or carnitas vampiros were outrageous. The salsa bar?  It's a 10. I've seen some crazy complaints on here and I'm super confused. The ordering process is pretty straightforward if you have the ability to look up AND the ability to read. It's like a casino buffet in that you go to separate counters to order different items and then hit the cash register. And the atmosphere is fantastic. Super casual,  a lot of seating and yes there was a DJ playing music. So if you're looking for a place to bring your Nana who's hard of hearing or a place to propose to your beloved,  this would not be a good choice. Also if you're the dick who likes to talk on your phone so the rest of the restaurant is forced to listen to a one sided conversation,  blissfully this place is also not for you. Perfect place for friends and family to chow down on delicious, affordable grub in a fun atmosphere with great extended hours.  Love me some Taco y Taco!
5	AMAZING!!! This is exactly the type of taco shop I have been searching for. Moving from San Diego where there is an abundance of delicious Authentic Mexican food, to Vegas where the authenticity seems sparse, I was thrilled to find a nice place to call my new go to Mexican food restaurant. My first experience here couldn't have been  any better. The staff was friendly and attentive and offered us various samples of their succulent meats. The Cochinita Pibil tacos...mah-gawd!! Absolutely superb...you must try it!! The meat was seasoned to perfection and left me salivating for more. Another must try is there elote; a traditional Mexican corn on the cob slathered in butter, parmesan cheese and chili. I seriously could eat this every day. The ambience is nice and clean, very modern and cozy. They have a full bar and large selection of beers (I went with my traditional Corona). The menu also extends to include various salads, burritos, and sides. I definitely can't wait until my next Taco y Taco experience and the million more visits I plan to make!! Ayayayay!!Pro Tip: Ordering may be confusing for a newbie. You basically stand in which ever line or area you want to order food at and then get rung up at the register.
2	We checked this place out a few weeks ago after hearing all the hype and thought it was just fair.  We got a few different tacos and the nachos that were good, but nothing special.  I would pass on this place for other Mexican joints in the area.  It was also super loud with the band and really interrupted our dinner.
5	Taco y Taco is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas: I'm a psuedo regular, and there at the very least bi-weekly if not weekly.It occupies that perfect space between Tacos el Gordo- authentic, gloriously affordable real non-tex-mex tacos you can't really get outside of the southwest, and Mercadito- fancier riffs on said authentic glory for a premium price. The tacos there are SO good, and SO cheap...its easy to justify coming back again and again and again. And the fun, clean atmosphere make it easy to lure your "Chipotle only" friends and family into experiencing real mexican.If you come here for the first time, do yourself a huge favor. Grow a pair. Be adventurous. Don't order the chicken. Try lengua, or suadero! You will be amazed at what you have been missing out on. The carnitas and Al pastor are pretty goddamn amazing, if you need a comfort blanket, but try something from window 2 you're not sure you'll like. At worst, you waste 2 bucks.  At best you open up a Wide and Wonderful World of Offal... Oh, and lest I forget; Delerium Tremens on tap (you heard me, tap.) and a house Margarita that features jalapeno infused tequila. And corn! Get the corn! And the Guacamole---oh hell just go. Often.
3	Food was good . Confusing ordering system if you are a first timer. Nachos are average. Would prefer nacho daddy's nachos   Good atmosphere    Serve beer
5	Very yummy. If you aren't open minded about trying different yet authentic mexican food, this place ain't the place for you. Taco Bell is always down the street for you. Otherwise, the tacos are delicious. They are street tacos. (Ever been to Tacos El Gordo? Yeah their tacos are like that but way fresher and more flavor.) I got the tacos al pastor and lengua which was delicious. They had a cool salsa bar with of course, fresh mild to spicy salsa. I had a drink of their horchata which was also delicious. The only downfall is that I live all the way in Mountain's Edge and it is quite a drive to get here, but it is worth it. I will come back for more!
4	Yum!  I think the ordering process is a little confusing at first, but once you've been there, it's easy.I'm a HUGE nacho person; theirs are just okay.  I felt like they didn't have enough cheese, and the cheese that was on there was hardly melted. BUT, the tacos are great!  I love the carnitas, but my favorite were the vampiro!  I had never had one before, but it was outstanding!  The cheese was caramelized and crispy.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  This is across town for me, so we won't go often, but when a taco craving strikes, for sure!
4	This is the best Mexican food I have eaten since living in Las Vegas and the corn-on-the-cob is to die for.
3	I felt very scatter brain when I was in here. I was obviously lost in the mix because I had someone come up to me and ask me if I needed assistance.  My hubs had been here before and said his co workers like to frequent this place.  I love me some mexican food so I was down to try it.  Me, I totally thought it was a Chaotic environment.  You know how you order food back in high school, pick a line of the food you want to purchase?  Well that's exactly how they do it here.  My hubs said that's how they ordered back in Cabo, but I've never been.  HINT JESSE N.  This place is very hip and they have been featured in some of Las Vegas' foodie magazines.  So yes, you still should give it a whirl.  I like variety, so if I have to stand in several different lines to get my variety, I know my food will be cold.  That is part of the reason why I gave my 3 star score.  I also still left hungry after eating 3 tacos and a corn.  hahaha, this small girl has a big appetite.
4	Ohh street tacos. So tiny and delicious. And that is definitely the case at this taco shop meets bar meets restaurant. I've been here a few times now and each time I have a new item that wins me over. To really put the staff to the test, I recently visited on National Taco Day ($1 tacos!?!). The staff seemed prepared for the rush and were their usual efficient and friendly selves.  The tacos are so tasty and even though to get a true variety you need to wait in a couple lines, the wait isn't too bad for any one item. The tacos al pastor are sweet with an addictive kick, my favorite by far. Ingredients taste fresh and if tacos aren't your thing you can pick the meat or veggie of your dreams and throw it in a burrito, quesadilla, on nachos...the possibilities are almost endless. Keep any eye out for specials not on the menu, usually on a tiny sign on the counter. Once advertised were the Mole Fries...my life will never be the same. Sweet potato fries, meat of your choice (get the chicken), mole sauce and cheese. I warned you....They have a full bar but I usually can't resist the horchata. 4 stars only because I always find it to be HOT in there. I know there's good food cooking but crank up the AC a bit for us guests. So many cravings satisfied in one cozy venue, a must have.
5	Sill love this place.  I had a pollo burrito and the pollo was amazing in taste and everything was prepared as requested.I cannot say enough about this place, the food is awesome, the price is right and this is a place I will continue to support as often as possible.  I love it for a quick snack or a complete meal, either way its amazing.
4	I was disappointed that they were not doing take out anymore, however, we came in today and i was extremely impressed with their food AND customer service. They really made the ordering process super easy.
5	You must trust me when I say. Sit at the bar. Relax. Order a cocktail with 2 al pastor vampiros with everything. All I can say is.,.... Your welcome.
1	I hated the experience. It is chaotic. There is no organization and you stand there trying to figure out where to go and where to pay. The food was ok at best and I don't understand the people who rave about it. If you want to feel panic go eat there.
2	What a hot mess of a place. The outside facade and the entry way are one design. Then you walk in to what reminds me of a college cafeteria- salsa bar, soda fountain, and random loud music blaring. And I mean RANDOM- from Ginuwine's Pony, to Coldplay, to Tejano. The lines to order were a bit confusing for a first timer even with the signs. It was hard to hear the servers with the enormously deep counters. And the counters were so tall that I had to stand on my tippy toes and yell and point at the food that I wanted to order. The bar is so tiny and it holds like 4 stools. Not a place to sit and unwind with your friends.The total for my 2 gran tacos and a water was $12. Now that is not a good deal in my opinion. It was just too much for too little. Not my ideal spot for a meal.
2	Honestly? I didn't care for this place. I get they're trying to be authentic to mexican style of ordering tacos, but we're in America, and it's confusing. I speak spanish and I asked for salsa, dude looked at me like I was an alien, they don't speak English so I don't know what was hard to understand.Prices are too high, flies, meh service, confusing setup. Needless to say we haven't been back.
4	Taco Y Taco had some amazing food. The place was clean and very helpful and happy employees. It was a little confusing on how to order but once it was explained it was easy. I highly recommend this eatery....
5	Authentic street tacos. So much flavor! I love all of the different sauces that you can try and they add even more flavor to the tacos. All of the green ones were my favorite. Can't wait to go back and try something else there.
4	This place is completely different from any taco place ive been to. I love how you are able to creat the taco of ur dreams by adding the ingredients you want. I got a steak taco and a vampiro. Steak tacos were great, meat was nice, tender and juicy. They also have mexican Corn on the Cobb which is awesome!!! Portions are kinda small but then again thats why its not expensive. They serve alcohol and even have a happy hour. This place is pretty wide and open, plenty of seating & its two floors. Will be coming back!
4	The staff makes me smile which is always awesome. Ordering here is a little awkward, not your average place. They can cut the meat in front of you and you can order whatever you like then walk up to the register. It's kind of like a buffet but a served buffet. Different. They have a little bar, seating on a first and second floor. Everyone seemed relaxed and willing to help. I ordered a carne quesadilla and there was just a tad too much cheese for my taste. No big deal I can ask for less next time.I will return!
3	Having been to Tacos el Gordo, that's what I compared this experience to.We went during the week at 6pm, so it wasn't too busy.  Steady.  The staff was polite and guided us through ordering process which was simple enough; however, when you have a few people standing around looking how to order it can seem like a hot mess navigating through those other people.I wasn't impressed with the carne asada tacos or burrito.  My husband and I thought the lengua and the al pastor tacos were good.Would I go here again? Maybe.  I would rather prefer the tacos from Tacos el Gordo and I would rather prefer their prices.  Unfortunately, there is not one closer to where I live.
3	I really enjoyed the food and the seating available. The decor was also very nice, but the music the DJ played was so loud!!! I couldn't even talk to my boyfriend because he didn't even know what I was saying! Also the ordering is kind of strange too. Even though there was an assembly line set up, the food we ordered took 10 minutes to cook and we didn't know if they were going to bring the food to us or if we had to pick it up because there are no waiters and there were no numbers being given for each meal.... Anyway the food was still delicious. And they have free elote at a certain time everyday or weekday I believe.
5	Love this place. The ordering process is less than ideal but the food is amazing. If you want Mexican but something a little different than the regular...try this place. The mole fries are amazing. Everything is homemade and fresh. Huge draft beer selection. Good for picky kids, too.
5	This place is AMAZING.  You will not find authentic food like this in Henderson.  The food an amazing from the Mexican Corn made the traditional way from the street tacos made with a choice of about 9 different cuts of meat to the burrittos, nachos, and Mole Fries, OMG....The staff here is amazing and will help you if you have never been here before and need assistance with the ordering process or have questions about what some items are.The prices are extremely reasonable and did I mention they have a full bar with AWESOME Bartendars.  Christopher is EXTREMELY knowledgeable and one of the best bartendar's I have met.  They have a Happy Hour Seven Days a week from 5 to 7pm, are you kidding me?  They are offering you an opportunity to get some food and drink cheaper then the normal price, you need to check this place out if you have never been here.I love this place and will be back often.
4	Took my granddaughter to taco y taco around a week ago. We decided to give it a shot after being disappointed by most of the restaurants in the shopping center. Food was good and moderately priced. The place seemed clean. One of the better Mexican restaurants in our area.
4	Good beer selection on tap. That alone is a reason for me to go. As a lower calorie option, you can get the tacos plain, and they still taste great. Allows you to really enjoy the meat without all the toppings interfering and adding extra calories. The meat tastes great on its own, and you get a good amount with every taco.
5	When it comes to good ol Mexican fast food this place has managed to GLORIFY the experience. Flavor is excellent, menu has variety, staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is very much appreciated. The fact that they have a legitimate bar just makes the place go from good to awesome. I'm used to going to Robertos, Pepes, Tacos El Gordo etc. These places have been put on notice. Hopefully taco y taco can come to Southwest Las Vegas, because I love this place! Highly recommend you go... The elote and shrimp tacos were my favorite thing, but then again I haven't tried everything.
4	Very similar to Tacos El Gordo. Nice set up, a lot of tables and there is an upstairs dining as well. Prices are average. The pastor is amazing as well as the vampira style.I love how they have elotes, especially the Mexican street style. Their salsa bar is amazing so many options to choose from. I will be back!!
5	Some of the best street mexican food ever. Street style corn and pastor vampiro tacos are legit!
3	Really good place to enjoy tacos. It's was a little confusing on where to go when you walk in especially if you never been, but the food was great and the corn on the cob was best it's a must try !
3	I can't say I've ever had Mexican food I didn't enjoy eating, but this was nothing stand-out special. They have an a la carte- type ordering system.. & it's also backwards.. so it's kinda confusing, but they do have decent prices & occasional specials. You can also find live music here on select nights.
4	Great spot for lunch and dinner.  The food is good.  I love the mushroom tacos and corn. They have a great salsa bar and cocktails  I have been here many times. Never disappointed
5	Gotta  this place!!!!!    Only my 2nd time here, my husband is a regular he ABSOLUTLY LUVS the El Pastor tacos, he raves about them.....,     My fist visit I did indulge in taco y taco carnitas tacos & yes quite, quite good on the handmade corn tortillas and all fresh ingredients~this time I decided on a different route........almost went the Gran Taco however opted fo a burrito and MAN O MAN WAS IT DELISHHHHHJ~ again with the carnitas ( oh so good, juicy, flavorful, not to spicy for this Gringa! )  also LUV that they offer 2 different bean selections & 2 different guacamole options!!!!! She steamed my flour tortilla, added my options then rolled it and placed it in a grill so it was slightly crispy & warm~ just heavenly to me.     Another nice feature is the full bar , I ordered a margarita, accepted an upgraded tequila recommendation from the bartender and it was possibly the BEST margarita I have EVER had!!! REALLY & only $7 bucks a total DEAL, in my opinion      I also like the decor of Taco y Taco. Clearly it is a restaurant, however it does have a clubby vibe, as I believe it was some sort of nightclub in a previous life.   If your on Eastern near 215 check Taco y Taco it will make you feel Muy Bueno
5	It is so hard to stay away from this place.  The food is awesome, the drinks are awesome, the staff makes the place enjoyable.I have never had bad food here, everything I have tried is authentic and awesome.  The staff is unreal, a girl kept coming by our table asking if there were things to clean off, if she could get us more drink, she is there most of the time that I have been there and a really nice person.There were two ladies there yesterday who appeared to be the owners of this place as the kept going in and out of the back, they were at the bar working and several times walked around just observing.  We were there for a long time, I went to,the bar several times, (no judging), and not once did they say hi or come by any of the tables which to me was kind of strange as there is no better way to promote a positive atmosphere then coming around and saying hi.On one visit to the bar to get more drink I even got kind of a look like "why are you invading our space" which my reaction was like "get over it, I'm spending money here".  All the was non verbal, but the messages were received.  I love the food but there is nothing that will bring down an atmosphere faster then a snobby owner.
4	Great craft beer menu, one of the better selections I've seen. Great food. Every taco is unique and it's fun to order several different tacos as a meal. Their cocktails are given special attention with homemade mixes and infused sweeteners like Serrano honey. Definitely a "I want to go back" kind of place.
4	Authentic Mexican food, fast service, it gets busy in here but we caught it on a good night. All kinda of meats. Nachos and homemade salsa are great!
5	Gotta  this place!!!!!    Only my 2nd time here, my husband is a regular he ABSOLUTLY LUVS the El Pastor tacos, he raves about them.....,     My fist visit I did indulge in taco y taco carnitas tacos & yes quite, quite good on the handmade corn tortillas and all fresh ingredients~this time I decided on a different route........almost went the Gran Taco however opted fo a burrito and MAN O MAN WAS IT DELISHHHHHJ~ again with the carnitas ( oh so good, juicy, flavorful, not to spicy for this Gringa! )  also LUV that they offer 2 different bean selections & 2 different guacamole options!!!!! She steamed my flour tortilla, added my options then rolled it and placed it in a grill so it was slightly crispy & warm~ just heavenly to me.     Another nice feature is the full bar , I ordered a margarita, accepted an upgraded tequila recommendation from the bartender and it was possibly the BEST margarita I have EVER had!!! REALLY & only $7 bucks a total DEAL, in my opinion      I also like the decor of Taco y Taco. Clearly it is a restaurant, however it does have a clubby vibe, as I believe it was some sort of nightclub in a previous life.   If your on Eastern near 215 check Taco y Taco it will make you feel Muy Bueno
4	The carne asada nachos were soooo good!! Only thing thats not good is the price of the beer!
4	These are my favorite tacos/tostadas in the LV Valley. Authentic LA style street food at its best. The ordering lines are confusing and a bit chaotic but once you have your food, it's well worth it. Love the chicken Vampira tostadas best, crunchy & flavor packed goodness. Excellent salsa bar with both black and pinto beans for you to serve yourself which makes it reasonably priced to me. No meat added to the beans is a big plus. Rustic & so delicious, not to be missed if you're a fan of this type fare. Quesadilla was the best we've ever had.
5	Just as good as the location on Tropicana.I suggest that you take some of the sauces and mix them. I like adding that green sour  cream guacamole with the red roasted peppers salsa.
3	I just had the pork tacos that were on the spit and their house beer. \House beer was whatever... pork tacos had this cinnamon maybe mole flavor?not bad and I liked how their salsa bar also included beansnext time i want to try their happy hour which seems like it will be a good deal!
5	Came here because it was the only place my little sister wanted to go on her birthday. The street tacos are honestly the best i've ever had in Vegas, and the corn was TO DIE FOR. I've been here before, but I was reminded of just how good it is today. I will definitely be coming back more often. I can't get enough of the Tacos Al Pastor.
5	Came here because the rating was 4+ and it did not disappoint. Delicious tacos (tried the al pastor) and friendly staff. Will definitely come again.
2	I have heard about this place a lot and how great it is.  Unfortunately, not only my expectations weren't met, I would rather eat Mexican food at Chipotle than here.  :(The people were Fake friendly, looking to say, get your food and get the """ out of my face.  Food was mediocre, nothing to brag about. Since they cook everything right in front of you, so the cleanliness is a top priority. I wouldn't go again, not all it was raved about to be.
5	I love this place, tacos,nachos , elote. All amazing my fav is the carne Assada fries!!!
4	Great Al Pastor tacos :)   After trying multiple things on the menu, my family and I have pretty much settled on these!  The pork is tender and spicy, and the fresh pineapple cools off everything perfectly!  It's nice also to be able to sit inside a nice, clean environment and eat great Mexican street food.  Highly recommend this place!
4	Taco Y Taco satisfies all of my taco cravings. They have a lot to choose from and I usually get too excited and order more than I probably should. I also really like the updated, modern decor. My only gripe is the ordering situation. When it gets busy, first-timers don't understand how it works and it ends up getting a little chaotic.
1	Went in on Halloween day with my husband and got so extremely sick within an hour of leaving.  Had a burrito bowl with salsa and ended up with severe food poisoning.  Wanted to try this spot as I pass it all the time.  First red flag was an employee emptying container after container of store bought guacamole in a container to serve as their own.  Second red flag was the cleanliness of the salsa bar.  Bummer to miss Halloween but happy I'm alive.  Hopefully this was an isolated incident.  I definitely won't return....EVER!
4	Order tacos at the right bar and everything else at the left. Then slide on over to the cashier to pay. Pretty confusing layout since the cashier protrudes out closest to the entrance.Everything is customizable as you go along the food bar when they prepare your food and they have many additional options of salsa and add-ons at their salsa bar. Had delicious lengua tacos, but my carne asada taco was way too salty that I barely even touched it. Chicken nachos were also very good and only $5 for for decently large sized portion during their happy hour. The other drink and food items on their happy hour also looked very enticing. Pretty nice atmosphere, especially when compared to LA for street-style Mexican food.
3	Atmosphere, loud and live. Four stars for food, service was mediocre and the cashier was inattentive. Somewhat confusing how to order from the menus. We still don't know how to order and staff was not very helpful. Salsa bar is good, and we ordered 4 different kinds of tacos and corn on the cob they were all good! Plenty of food for $24
5	Love this place! Great vegetarian options and delicious food. Pretty authentic, but not your typical style mexican restaurant. Kind of trendy, you order at the counter everything a la carte. Pretty nice atmosphere.
