5	I will admit, gross as it is, that I am a big fan of the hot dog.  And I think it's pretty well known that, on a national level, no one does a dog quite like Nathans.  Period.  They're the best.I know they have other stuff going on there, but really if I'm at Nathan's I don't want a burger or chicken nuggets.  I want a darned hot dog and some fries.  Better yet, I want a chilicheesedog and some fries.  It doesn't get better than that.  I don't know what else to say - if you're in the market for some mystery meat in a tube, this place is the boss.
5	Want a great alternative to the casual restaurants at Vegas?  Hop over to the food court at the Venetian and eat at Nathan's Famous.  They have an extensive menu ranging from hot dogs, chicken wings, salads, philly cheesesteaks, and more.  I recommend the chili dogs with sauteed onions and french french fries.  I recommend that you go to vegas4locals.com and print out a coupon for Nathan's that entitles you for a free hot dog when one is purchased.  You will easily save $4 that you can use for gambling. Highly Recommended
5	MMMMMmmmmm.... It's nice to know along with the 5 star prix fixe menus, I can still find a great hot dog in Vegas. It's from NATHAN's... just its reputation stands up. Ironically, they also serve Pink's in LV, but with that inflated price, I'd rather pick up Nathans! What trip to Sin City isn't without gluttony?
4	Yay for Nathan's everywhere in Vegas.  The cart by the monorail station has rescued me from my hunger on several occasions!  Searching online will get you printable coupons you can use to save a few bucks, which can later be spent on drinks! yay!
4	When you're walking through the MGM Grand, headed over to the Signature side, and you're craving a good, snappy, hot dog, this place is a godsend. The only thing is that they're kind of pricey.
2	Seriously, I had to wait too long for my food. I was starving and come on we ordered hot dogs. It shouldn't take too long to make a hot dog right? Especially if I there was no fixings on it. The hot dog was average, nothing I would come back for. I think I could make a better hot dog at home. I do have to say that I did enjoy their chili fries. I don't think the food was worth the wait or the price.
4	THIS IS FOR THE LOCATION AT NY NY.I thought it quite appropriate that my 100th review be about hot dogs.  I can't get enough of them and will eat "dirty water" hot dogs any day of the week.  If you put anything other than spicy mustard and onions, then you're taking away from the true hotdog experience.  I've had my fair share at ballparks and street vendors across the nation.  I have to admit that the vendors on the City's streets are probably the best I've had, specifically the ones around Union Sq since they also serve Pepsi (not all of them do).  But back to Nathan's in Vegas.  I was walking to the Bellagio to meet some friends and realized I was hungry.  I had the coupon for B1G1F and since NY NY was connected to Excalibur, I could walk there with minimal sun exposure.  So I made my way over to have a dog.  When I got there, I was a bit disappointed.  They had spicy mustard, but no onions.  How does a hotdog stand not have onions??  Lack of onions aside, the dog itself was yummy and the bun nice and soft.  Unlike the other locations, the dogs here are fresh since I'm sure they have a higher turnover than the Venetian.  So when you're in the mood for a good hotdog under $2, hit up NY NY.  Rule #1:  Always be sure to go to the location with the highest turnover to ensure a fresh dog.
4	I have never been to Coney Island and the closest I've gotten to Nathan's is in the Venetian in Vegas. My BF got a cheesesteak sandwich (fully loaded with everything) with those Ruffles-looking fries. He paid approx. $16. He was being really selfish and only let me get a couple of bites but WOW, that was one damn good sandwich.Next time, I'm buying my own and will try one of their dogs since that's what Nathan's are known for.
3	I wasn't disappointed but was also not extremely impressed. Overall it was an alright mall-type experience. I would recommend unless you REALLY want a hot dog in Las Vegas that you eat something else instead ...
3	Another Nathan's in Vegas (see New York New York Nathans' review.  I still got to say, nothing wrong with a $5 tasty dog in Vegas.  That's cheap eats on  the strip, and no reservation required either.  And a Nathan's dog is a very tasty dog any day of the week by me.  If you want a cheap meal, or some drunken donuts, Nathan's could quench your hot dog thirst for sure.  Enjoy.Some people like the chili cheese dog, and I do too, but I also enjoy a straight up dog with some relish and ketchup.  I would recommend one o each.  The fries are whatever, I don't eat many fries, but the dogs . . .Hints, you got to ask them if you want relish or extra onions for your dog.  They have ketchup and mustard out for you but other things are in the fridge behind the counter, so just ask.
2	This is the one located in the Venetian food court and I have to say keep on walking by.  How can you mess up a bun?!?  Really stale and must have been in the bun warmer FOREVER!  Dog was alright, but couldn't get passed that stale bun.  I have had Nathan's in New York and they would never serve anything that shibby.
4	Located inside the second floor food court Nathans is one of the first stops. I love Nathans hot dogs. I normally just grab the dog and a drink. It is pricey but, everything on the strip cost an inflated amount. If your a casino worker you get a discount so, it cost me six dollars. The fries are addicting, my triend got them. There are no gimmicks to Nathan's. It is what it is. And it is soooooooo good. Like the In and Out of Hot dogs.
4	I consider french fries one of the four food groups, along with cheese, red wine and sushi.Super salty, crispy on the outside and served with a trident. This is the place to be at 2am when you drunkenly decide to forsake your nutritious eating routine.
2	So you're looking hot and feeling the fire in your white tuxedo. You have a bodacious babe on each arm. They're licking their lips waiting for you to roll a 7 at the craps table because that means a wild menage a trois with Dom Perignon champagne and caviar at the fanciest penthouse suite in the Venetian. You let one of the bodacious babes blow on the dice. You roll. CRAPS! You lose!The bodacious babes leave you for the dweeb on a winning streak at the next table. You have to kill your reservation at AquaKnox, the Venetian's most exclusive restaurant. Where do you go, loser? Why, you come to the second floor food court and eat at Nathan's, of course. Yes, they have one here in the otherwise plush casino hotel. I guess the food court is for the rest of us who are too stingy to consider dropping some do-re-mi to dine at the nicer places.I had the Chili-Cheese Dog with their standout Crinkle-Cut Fries. You know, the tray of fries with the red plastic pick on top that makes you think for a moment that you went to Sizzler's and ordered a steak. Those are kinda too good in a greasy way. The dog not so much. Look at the picture I uploaded in the gallery. Is that appetizing to you? Oh really. I guess I know which side of the railroad tracks you come from.FOOD - 2.5 stars...a dog and those friesAMBIANCE - 2 stars...it's a food court...what d'ya expect? a hostess with bodacious ta-ta's to take you to your plastic table?SERVICE - 2 stars...uhhh...what?TOTAL - 2 stars...sorry Nathan, Coney Island just called for you
3	My husband and I are huge fans of Nathan's hot dogs. So when we found out there was an actual Nathan's location in Vegas, we were there. We were quite happy with the hot dogs themselves, but not so much with the price. Two hot dogs, two drinks, and a side of fries should not cost twenty-five bucks!! At that price, you might as well buy yourself a gigantic souvenir margarita glass!
5	I am reviewing their chicken wings and fries combo. 5 stars. The best god damn wings I have ever had, and to top it off, you also get a side of those greasy goodness fries. $10 for that combo, well worth it.
5	I've always been a fan of nathan's hot dogs. Granted i felt this place was kind of expensive, but their hotdogs are always really consistent. And this location's dogs were just as good as any other I've tasted.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Nathan's. We have had their plain hot dogs before, so we decided to go for a chili cheese dog and a bacon dog. Delish.Both dogs were really good. I like the fact that they use the fake gooey cheese on their stuff. Its so bad for you, but it's sooo good. Especially when mixed with chili and/or bacon and a hot dog.Expensive for a hot dog, but a great guilty pleasure meal in Vegas.
1	I ordered a plain hot dog for my daughter. The hot dog was shriveled up... looked like it had been sitting out for hours.. maybe days. I expected more because #1.. it was NATHAN's.. and #2 I paid almost $5 for a plain hot dog!I will never ever go back to this place.
5	Nathan's hot dogs are the epitomy of what a hot dog should be. Even though I was only able to get to the NY NY in Las Vegas to try, I still would like to trek to the East Coast to Coney Island to visit the original. The store bought Nathan's still cannot hang with ones bought from an actual Nathan's stand though.One of the first things you notice is that when you bite into it the casing 'pops'. This is awesome. Additionally, their hot dogs are really beefy tasting and juicy. Very delicious! This is all before even putting a topping on it, which it doesn't really need cause the hot dog can be eaten and savored on it's own merits. Nathan's hot dogs are at the apex of the hot dog world and are what all other hot dogs are to be measured by.
4	I'm a fan of Nathan's ever since I had my first foot long as a kid growing up on the east coast. The tasty dog and the one and only fries are a Nathan's original that shouldn't be missed.While this Nathan's serves more than hot dogs, it's wise to stay with what they do best.Get the two dogs and fries special and you'll be as happy as a New Yorker that just hailed the Cash Cab. Enjoy!
2	Over priced, too salty, and not enough toppings.... I am from Chicago so I'm partial to Chicago Style... but I'm not picky when it comes to a good dog... and Nathan's wasn't my cup o' tea....Sigh... Wrigley and US Cellular field's hot dogs are so delicious..... I'd rather eat that...
4	I had eaten Nathan's at the Luxor a couple of day prior to my visit here and it sucked. I saw that this location had pizza and it looked quite good. I enjoyed every bite of it. True NYC style!
3	This is the Nathan's Famous at the Grand Canal Shoppes food court at the Venetian Hotel & Casino.  We went for the Arthur Treacher's Fish n Chips selection which was decent and maybe about even with Long John Silver's.  That's saying that it's alright for fast food but not too worthy of a good fish n chips.  They did have the novel approach of using a pager so they wouldn't have to yell across what's a pretty loud food court here.
3	Maybe I'm just not a big enough fan of hot dogs, but nathan's is pretty well known and i just think...meh a hot dog. Its just average. Its a good snack when you're hungry and walking to NYNY, that's about it.
2	I'd have to say the best thing they have are nachos and chilli cheese fries. Hot dogs? Eh, pass...I only went here because I was tired of walking on the strip and hungry in my hotel room. The food was expensive, but I'm not surprised. I'm in Vegas...I'd probably only come back for their fries or nachos. Other then that, I'm definitely eating somewhere else.
3	had the philly cheesesteak and fries from here. it was alright, nothing to write home about. but i was super hungry when we ordered so i enjoyed the hell out of it.
3	I absolutely loved Nathans! even though the dog wasn't big enough, the flavors were just all bunched inside which separates these hot dogs from a lot. The cheese bacon fries were soo good!! The portions were pretty damn big which made my day. The prices for the dogs are pretty expensive though which is a loss.I'd come back for more!!
3	Small portions of food, but a descent quality. Clean area and good customer service. Would not reccomend if you want a big meal.
3	I had a dog, it was tasty. It's a pretty good choice for being in Vegas. Lots of seating, quick service!
3	again, another reivew made based on what my bf at the time experienced.. im not big on hot dogs or chili cheese fries or anyhting of that kind, but my ex was. i believe he preferred this over pink's hot dogs, which are located within walking distance of each other. my best friend on the other hand, didn't like it so much. i guess you can say it'll fill your stomach, but you wouldn't be feigning for more.
2	Expect to pay airport or theme park prices here.  Nathan's is a quality dog, on par with Boar's Head, but this location's service is mediocre at best.  The chili dogs left me regretting I had not gone with just a plain dog with mustard.  Lesson learned.
2	There's nothing special about Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs.  I had the loaded chili dog; took a bite and thought, "That's it?!"  Now I know to just keep walking on past and find a burger joint instead.
3	My favorite is the chicken wings with the french fries...i don't really like their hot dogs although i know that's what they are famous for...definitely the chicken wings!
4	first time i had Nathan's ever while i was in the venetian last trip.  i was impressed, i really liked it.  went twice, first time had the philly cheesesteak which was really good, tasted great, and was pretty damn tasty.  second time i had a grilled chicken club sandwich, and it was also very good.  the fries were very good too, crinkle cut and nice and crispy
3	my hubby and sister loved their hot dogs!  but we almost gagged on their fries...worst fries we've ever tried...completely not edible.  yuck.  anyway, no one in my party knew what/who Nathan's was but me! (and I'm a vegetarian!).  located inside the Venetian's maze of a casino at their food court.
4	Pretty dank, somewhat overpriced but hey it's in Vegas. Hot dogs are good (nothing special), chicken sandwich and burgers are good. Definitely worth trying. The cheese bacon fries are amazing too.
2	Don't go out of your way to eat here. It's fine for a small snack while you're shopping, but if you want a good hot dog, the Pinks over at Planet Hollywood beats the dog piss out of Nathans.
3	It was our last meal before leaving the Palazzo hotel and the group decided to just go for the good ole' quick, affordable food court.  Mind you this was hard to find. I suggest that when staying at the Palazzo, get off on the second floor where the shops are at and go to the left side of the fork. The side where Godiva is at. Go past the mini plaza where you see Otto and the store Pandora. Once you see the pretzel place go left and a small section of the food court will be visible.Nathan's hot dogs caught my eye and I decided to try the chili dog with sauerkraut. I also ordered the fries with cheese and real bacon bits on top.  Well, if I could do it over I'll just get the hotdog with the sauerkraut. The chili part was just average and sorta tasted canned. As for the fries they were good. The potatoes were brown and crispy on the edges and the bacon was a nice addition. I wish the cheese was not the "nacho-ish" kind. (again, it tasted like it was canned.) Overall it was ok.
2	I don't get it. I have heard people rave about these hot dogs for years and being from the best coast I never had an opportunity to try them until now. I know east coasters, go ahead, get mad. I just was not impressed. I got the original dog and I thought the bun had the quality of a school cafeteria. The hot dog had a great spicy taste, I'll give you a few star credits for that, but it was not plump and it lacked the great snap I desire in a dog.The cheese fries were mediocre at best. My BFF and I were splitting them and we didn't even finish them, which is weird because we love potatoes covered in cheese. Overall, a definite let down. FYI- The one I tried was located in the Venetian food court. There are several other locations throughout Vegas.
4	I've never had Nathan's crinkle cut fries before and now I'm in love. My bf is from Long Island, so he was really excited to see this place. The only issue was that they had one pescatarian / vegetarian friendly option - tomato and mozzarella sandwich. No man can eat that for dinner and be satisfied.I ended up getting a decent turkey sandwich and we shared fries. So yummy!
4	First time for me at an official Nathan's hot dog stand. It was a pretty good hot dog and was nicely priced. I didn't really see how it was above any other hot dog stand but I will say that I enjoyed what I got. Just went with the straight up hot dog and mustard combo and I have no complaints.
3	A bit pricey for what you get...
2	High prices, watery mustard and stale buns
3	A very expensive place to eat for what they offer!  I will give them the fact that their food is filling...a lot of starchy foods!I think the reason they have high prices is due to the fact that they put out a lot of coupons.  Check a local Las Vegas magazine (i.e. at the airport, in a Subway restaurant, etc.), there is a 50% off your entire order coupon.  I used one and got 50% off 3 items and the price was still $15!The food is descent...nothing to write home about.
3	Not a bad stop off in the food court area that surrounds it.  We had the 2 hot dog meal and the cheesesteak sandwich meal - which were both tasty and made fresh.  Ordering here may take a few extra minute, but it's worth the fresh made food.Overall: BIf you are in the area and hungry for a cheaper bite on the Strip, stop off here.
4	I got the Philly Cheese Steak! Wow! Amazing! Took a little while to prepare but I find that most of the time that's a good thing as it's being made fresh and it hasn't been sitting there for a couple of minutes.A little pricey I guess but you get what you pay for, and as long as you're not getting these all day everyday all is good. Service was okay, nothing special so the 4 stars are strictly just for the actual taste of the food! Well prepared, fresh and worth the wait in the end! Do it! Go! Do it right now, go try it! Drop everything, you know you want a cheese steak!
4	I grew up in Brooklyn New York home of Nathans famous in Coney Island.. it was just as good the hot dog had snap french fries were cooked perfect a little bit more expensive than when I was a kid but what do you expect on the Vegas strip at the Venetian hotel you're going to pay extra.. The service was fine they even give you a little pager once your food is ready they page you.. I would have given it a 5 star review but the prices were a little high but nevertheless I will be back
1	Worse service!! I work at these mall and I would advise everyone not to go there and to save your money. The cashier lady is always rude and dismissive. Very displaced
1	Total lack of customer service. The cook saw me standing there for 5 minutes waiting to order and just stared at me while talking to the girl that was supposed to be working the front.
