4	This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas, oficially. There is a bit of rock and roll in every detail. Lots of good restaurants in the place, and the pool scene is out of control. They have cabanas with misting systems, flat screen TVs, cocktail waitresses, and a mini fridge packed with food. The pool is complete with a water slide, island bar, swim up black jack tables, tons of young people and the best music playing at all times. The rooms each have huge plasma TVs on the walls and contemporary decor with framed pictures of various rock legends. Overall a great experience. The only bad thing is that it is not on the strip, but nothing a quick cab ride can't cure.
4	I love the mostly everything about the Hard Rock.  The casino is not monsterous, but rather understated and intimate.  I'd buy the soundtrack of the music they play in the background ...some great mixes.  The crowd is totally my speed (read 30ish hipsters) and nothing is too overpriced.  My only knock would be "The Joint" where we caught a show.  The folding chairs they tied together with zip ties were WAY uncomfortable and confining.  I probably would've enjoyed the show more had the seating been more accomodating.
5	This is the place to hang out for young hipsters. Ilove the restaurants here. I love the gambling here. I love the people here. its just great to be in a part of Vegas where you aren't outnumbered by senior citizens and families of 10. No offense to either but they don't exactly fit into my image of what I want to see on my Vegas vacation.
5	The pool in spring and summer is off the heez.  Rooms aren't huge, but you shouldn't be spending time in your room.  The Center Bar is money; Nobu is ridiculous; the pool and cabanas are perfect.
5	When I stay in Vegas I stay here.  There are way to many Frat type dudes here? THERE ARE TOO MANY EVERYWHERE.Seriously. This place has the fun music, the dealers that will laugh at your jokes, the cocktail girls with the least clothes and the rooms that scream out: sex and cocaine.  If you are young and just want to meet other youngsters, this is the place. Go get 'em.
5	Awesome place - smaller, more intimate, less cheesy. The wave pool is great and the fact you can play blackjack at the pool rocks.
3	It's a damn cluttered place that doesn't hide the fact that it's a casino.  In this sense it can be considered better in my book than the other resorts and hotels (with the exception of the Wynn).  It gets PACKED here at night and I got up-close and personal with some celebrity clothing behind glass, including the coveted Christina Aguilera ass-pants from "Dirty."  Oh hell yes.
5	The pool alone is worth 8.5 stars.  Can't say I've had any luck in the casino -- but, it attracts a young, fun crowd.  I'd go elsewhere for serious gambling, but it's a good base of operations to start any night...
4	Hey, they get good bookings for concerts, Nobu Restaurant in da house, beach and cabanas, good veggie burgers at the beachhouse restaurant. Away from the over done strip. Small enough and big enough to keep it good for quickie--two day one night.
4	i didn't stay here so please don't take this review to seriously, BUT, i did go to the bar in the casino and i did eat at pink taco.....yeah i know - big deal - but here's the thing......will someone PLEASE tell me which plastic surgeons (most likely in LA and/or vegas) are giving out free stays at this hotel with every breast implant surgery?HOLY HECK!  i mean 90% of the women in this place had those big, round, hard implants and i am NOT exaggerating herethe bar was fair, the crowd was cheesy and overly tattooed.....and OH MY BOOBS - the ladies were top heavyi would like to go and stay there one time to see what the rooms are like.....and next time maybe i will make it over there on sunday afternoon for "rehab" and/or go to body english....but geeze....it was like we visited the planet boobie.....ironically enough, i was in vegas for the weekend for a bachlorette party and we made the bride to be wear a specially designed t shirt which read "titties pow" on the back....she's a fairly demure girl so at first the idea of wearing the shirt made her a little nervous i think.....but once we hung out in the hard boobie rock hotel for a while....well, let's just say i think she felt right at homeof course, hers are real!ta ta for now
3	Do not like the Hard Rock. I really wanted to like it but it seems to be jinxed for my husband and I when we gamble and that kills it for us.Also the people staying there are not my crowd. It gets old when drunk bimbos will not stop groping your husband.The clubs are ok.Almost forgot - the pool. It IS really nice but is closed at night which is dumb. (or at least it was when we stayed)
4	I am really only writing about Rehab, the all day pool party on Sundays...   MAN!!  That s*&t was crazy!  Luckily my BF went ahead and scoped things out for us.  My friend and I arrived, went straight to the front of the incredibly long line, and were whisked in.  We had lounge chairs reserved, set up right on the "beach" of the pool.  The pool is not a hard bottom, but sand.  It certainly wasn't cheap.  To get the prime real estate you have to order two bottle (they were at least one hundred dollars, maybe two, it's hard to remember).   PLUS you are expected to tip out the guy arranging it for you three hundred.  So worth it!  This place was insane.  People everywhere in bikinis and trunks dancing and drinking.  All the bad kids, the bachelorettes, and loads of dudes were there.  I think it took three seconds before some guy was asking who I was with.  LOUD music all day long.  A couple of minor music stars.  I am really glad that I went this year.   At thirty three I was about 7 - 11 years older than most of the crowd.  By the end of the day, we could all probably have gone to the real rehab!
3	I saw a midget smoking a cigar outside of the bathroom.........only in Vegas.  That midget earned the stars in this review.We were not willing to wait 90 mins to get into the club, and we were a group of hot looking chicks with natural boobs.  I know it's Vegas, but, at a certain point I would rather go somewhere that we can chill, rather than spend my night in line.
1	Update December 2007:Went to a friends birthday party at one of the restaurants and then headed over to Body English for drinks.  I am now officially lowering my stars from 2 to 1.  This is because of the staff again!  I wanted to give my friend several blow up dolls for his birthday.  I blew them up on the cab ride over (cause I won't stay at this place!).  As I was walking into the Casino, the guys at the front made me deflate the dolls.  COME ON!!!  They are just blow up dolls!!!  What an embarrasing event to stay outside the Hard Rork deflating blow up dolls.  And one was a midget!!!  I will never step foot in this place again regardless of the event!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I have had some very good experiences at the Hard Rock Hotel and some very bad one's.  Since the bad one's out weigh the good one's, I will only give 2 stars.The good experiences:- had lot's of fun at the black jack table that is located in the water in the pool area- attended an incredible party for 3 daysThe bad experiences:- my friends went to the hospital because the bartenders were putting GHB in their drinks- the male staff are borderline stalkers with female guestsIt is doubtful they have cleaned up their act.  Would not recommend this place.  Try The Palms for a young, hip, fun crowd.
4	The ROCK AND ROLL!!! details are so cheeeeeesy. But what's not cheese in this town? Room was comfortable enough and surprisingly spacious, although a fan in the bathroom would have been nice. Really big flat screen tv was also a pleasant surprise (but cheesy). A younger and edgier crowd (although still cheesy).Of all the places with at least a decent reputation, the Hard Rock was the cheapest when I booked my trip. And it was pretty cool in the end, so 4 stars.
5	If you're looking for a hip and fun place to stay in Vegas, this is your joint. I mean it's got a friggin guitar shooting out of the building. It's also a good place to catcht he occasional rock star or celeb and they have a Sid Viscious slot machine. I mean, hello. The rooms are kinda modern (not normally my thing) and the room service is top notch. Only peeve I had was that after a night of rolling around and a clear and apparent screw ball going as we answered the room service door wrapped in a sheet, they still felt the need to come in and do their little here's your food show. Leave it at the door next time and I'll slip a $20 under it for ya!Other than that, a great place to stay, especially if you can hit it on an internet savings deal. Otherwise it's a little pricey for being at the far end of the strip.
4	let's see here...awesome rooms with flat screen tv's, younger crowd around 20-30's, awesome pool with saline filtration, and best of all...hot chicks and porn stars usually hang about this joint.  can u truly go wrong with a great pool and porn stars?  that's what i thought, now if they could just drop the rates a tad.  ahh well, here porno porno pornstarrrrrr!
4	I couldn't really understand/enjoy Vegas the first time I went there, mostly because I was 14. But on that visit I could appreciate the stylish decor and top-notch pool at the (then nascent) Hard Rock.Now legal, I've had the pleasure of an on-us long weekend at the Hard Rock, and I can happily attest that I had good taste even at a young age.If you have the urge to strip-crawl, the Hard Rock may not be for you. Alternatively, if you'd like to have world class Japanese (Nobu), excellent steak (Simon's), and some exxxxxxxcellent mexican (Pink Taco) downstairs, welcome home. We all know the pool is killer, and the venues (Body English and the Joint) get great performers.The single downside, as I see it, is that the casino will be insufficient for serious card players (and hold'em band-wagoners)--there is no poker license there.
5	Rehab. Possibly my favorite thing to do in Vegas.  It's where I always wish I was when I'm at Shadow Lounge, the EndUp or Bambuddha on Sunday morning/afternoon in SF.
4	Definitely my favorite casino to gamble in.Let's put it this way -- the Hard Rock is like RollingStone circa 1970's, or maybe MTV circa 1980's/early 1990's.The Palms is modern day MTV, in all its cheesy, illiterate glory.
3	I usually win here at the blackjack tables, so the casino is more like 4 stars.  The restaurants are great (namely Nobu, and Simon), it's very tongue in cheek, and the clubs and music venues are good.  It is a tremendous meat market, so know that going in.  The hotel beds are great, super comfy, and easy to sleep in.  The in room products are very good, and the packaging is slick.  Despite it being about 15 yrs old now, the property still smells clean.  Also, the sayings in the elevators, though cheesy, are very cute.  Why not 4-5 stars?  Read on, you crazy diamond.The staff is a bit rude at the front desk, and the check in system is a royal pain in the butt, including a $150 deposit on the room as you check in.  I guess it's assumed you're going to trash your room, which bugs the heck out of me.  The parking structure is hella far from the registration, so you're dragging your luggage all over the place to get to the check in.  It's also off strip. Right then and there, it drops a star for location.
5	If you don't feel like gambling with the retired couple from Arizona at Bellagio or the wannabe Italian mafia dude with six gold chains at the Venetian then this is the place.The crowd skews young. The blackjack tables don't use those damn electronic shuffle shoes. You can groove to nice tracks from the sound system and the cocktail waitresses provide prompt service - just tip accordingly. The pool is redonkulous. And do I even need to say it - there is more eye candy here then should be socially acceptable. Get your Lasik procedure done ahead of time.If you can't have fun here, you may as well give up and go take the Hoover Dam tour. Again.
5	I am never staying anywhere else in Vegas.   I was a bit apprehensive being off the strip but it is not a big deal...its right there.  We had a car which we were able to drive the back way to the casinos avoiding the strip.  The one time we did take a cab (to the Wynn) it was $10 there and $10 back.   The hotel is small and easy to navigate.  When we stayed at CP I felt like we would walk in circles.  Here its a spokes on a wheel design and as soon as you figure out what is down each hallway you're set.  The casino is small and is clearly not the main attraction of the Hard Rock!  There is tons of interesting music memorabilia around the entire hotel and music is pumping at all times.  We had breakfast at Mr Lucky's which was very good and reasonably priced.  The gym was on the small side but was relatively empty when we were there.  I thought the rooms were great.  They were spacious with a huge flat screen plasma on the wall.....and opening french doors!  Most hotels don't even have opening windows....not only were we able to get a breeze but we could keep our champagne and mixers out there to chill.  :)  This is clearly where you come if you want to party.
5	OH MY FREAKIN" BUDDHA!!!!This place totally freakin' ROCKS!!!!!This is the only place I stay in Vegas.The last time I went there I went home $ five G lighter and it was worth every fucking penny.The service here is impeccable. First class from the concierge to the housekeeping. the circle bar kicks ass. just a warning you may think that people are talking about you if you've had to much to drink that's because there is this firkin' crazy echo effect and it drove me crazy ( OK Crazier) the first time I keep hearing voices.If your here on a weekend YOU MUST do REHAB on Sunday's the pool area is always full with beautiful baby's and studly dudes, so leave your spouse at home...The Hard Rock is off the strip, which means it is not the typical Vegas scene. It is young hip and full of life. HRH comped me a ticket to see Kevin Spacey sing the songs of Bobby Darin one year, just because I asked, OK so I had booked two rooms and gambled away thousands, but they kept bring us free drinks and I kept hitting on 18 so what the fuck.Speaking of Fuck....I am fucking outta' here.
1	Honestly, in contradiction to most of the other reviews, I had the worst time possible here. Granted, the pool wasn't open (Feb07) when we went. In fact, the start of our dissatisfaction came when the web site claimed it was open and then we found out it wasn't.Guests are charged a $5 'facility fee' per night when the only facilities that were open was the casino. The fee isn't financially significant (hotel is around $200 per night) but I found it psychologically crushing.Hotels like the Hard Rock (I've stayed at a ton) tend to pride themselves on their service but the front desk staff (one in particular) were a bunch of absolute cocks. Seriously, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.The new owner may spruce it up, but at the moment it's a pretentious, crowded casino that is off the main strip, with no possible reason to stay here. You might go to the club later in the night but you don't need to stay here to do that.
5	Why I Like the Hard Rock Hotelby Myke R.Why I like the Hard Rock Hotel is because girls here are pretty. When I come here I feel pretty because boys are emo and emo boys are supposed to be cool. But I can beat up emo kids because they like to cry. I like to pull emo kids hairs. Hard Rock has a small casino. It is round shaped. I never win here. But I like to play. Bam Margera had a bachelor party here and he got messed up. That night I won 300 dollars. I was not messed up but Bam was. I like the pool here. There are lots of pretty girls who are easy and wear thongs. You can see them on hardrockhotel.com at the pool cam. Some of them are sluts. That's ok because sluts are people too. The pool is very very nice. It has sand. We have rehab in summers. But I work. So I never get to go. But the pool is big and you can see it online. It smells good. I like Mr Lucky's 7.77 special with steak and shrimp. It tastes good. I also like Simon's Kitchen. It's good too. Love Jones gets me feeling special in my "down there". Pink Taco is good too. But it's boring. I like looking at pink taco. There's lots to look at. You guys are dirty. The end.
5	The best Hotel in Vegas for 21-35 age group. When I come down here with my friends it's a great time! The rooms are nice bathrooms a little small. Make sure you get the rooms facing the pool side,so much more better and worth the extra $50.00 dollars a night. Rehab on Sundays is the best pool party. Saw Mike Tyson, Ice T at the pool.Girls everywhere, drinks are awesome and everyone is having a good time. On Sundays go to Body English because that's where everyone goes after the Rehab party, everyone is so screwed up they don't go anywhere else. I have stayed at every hotel in Vegas. One thing don't come here with your girl or guy. You won't have fun. Go to Wynn or Bellagio or something else. This hotel is for moslty people who are single. Going  back in June it's going to be great!!!!!!!!All I have to say about the comment below, thanks for the tip, but just put the booze in a bag next time :)
4	Had the best time when I was there...draws a great, young crowd and the pool is awesome.  Saw some celebs when I stayed (which was Maxim's 100th issue weekend) and it was cool.I give it 1 negative star after reading the review below about not bringing outside booze.  That's lame.  Who cares what you bring to your room...it is your room and you can do whatever you want.
5	I've stayed here on more than a few occasions, alone, with friends, with the wife, on business and for the occasional bachelor party! This place is just fun. The roulette dealers are nice, even when taking your money and the waitresses are pretty good about coming in with your drinks if your playing at the tables.Among my group of friends, this is the place to host a Bachelor party. They totally leave you alone as far as noise and the aroma of herbal joy emitted from the room. There's a liquor store across the street, so buy beer there and take it to your room. Bring it in early, past 6pm they'll not let you bring it to your room. The Suites are large enough to hold about 30+ folks and 6 strippers and have ample room to still play cards, hangout at the bar as you listen to Bay Area beats....oh the memories. I haven't partied in any other room other than the Celebrity Suite so I can't vouch for those, but the Suite we party in costs $1,200 for 2 days, you can talk them into letting you stay just for Saturday night at $800 but it takes some work.Nobu is downstairs too, that place was pretty tasty. I had hamachi sashimi w/ jalapenos and a miso/soy sauce and a kobe beef dinner. I'm not sure how much it was cause my wife paid for the bill from our home in Cali. That was one of the best birthdays ever. Checked into the Hotel, they said there will be a slight delay, I didn't mind. I go into the room and there's a card written by her telling me dinner is already arranged and taken care of, a few bottles of Fuji water to help with the hangover and a chocolate cake with a candle in it to celebrate my birthday day. Much love to that woman I married. Oh and for my bachelor party she had a Full sized bottle of Johnny Blue sent to the room...damn gotta love that woman..again! LOLMaybe I should write a review on her....LOL
3	When the Hard Rock Hotel opened, I'd thought I'd died and gone to rock-n-roll heaven.  I was young and hopeful and I stood in front of the Beatle display for longer than I'd like to admit.  Everyone there just seemed so hip, so awesome - I couldn't wait to be one of them.Erm.What turns me off the most about the Hard Rock are the type of clientele it attracts.  It's the kind of place where you feel compelled to check your drink for roofies every few minutes, or at least it's the type of place where I feel compelled to do that.If you're into clubs, this might be more your scene.  If you're looking for something more, this'll probably just be a place to sleep.The rooms are nice enough and well appointed.  There's a hint of animal print here and there - just what you would expect from the Hard Rock.  The rooms with pool views are nice.The good thing about it is that if you don't want to do the Strip thing, you won't have to worry about getting on and off the Strip which can be a pain in the butt.
3	When I walked to the pool, I soon realized that I forgot something. I forgot to get a BOOB JOB! If you're a boob man, natural or fake, this place is for you! This is the spot for the youth-obsessed, the target audience for the MTV crowd. The creepy and sad factor: lecherous men gawking at hot young things; and cougars clinging to their youth, trying to be the hot young things they once were (come on, age gracefully, you can still be hot  yet consistent with your age!)On to the rooms: hip and trendy; good sized and clean. Some of the furniture and fixtures were showing their age and are coming due to be replaced. A fuse blew when I was blow-drying my hair, but they sent a technician up and it was quickly fixed.The best part of this hotel is the music. I grew up on a lot of R&B, Motown and Funk, so this was a great place to catch up on a lot of Classic Rock I missed out on as a kid. They really should cash in on selling a CD or iPod playlist for the days of a guests stay. I'd buy it!
4	The Hard Rock Hotel is not my first choice hotel....it follows The Hotel at Mandalay and the Bellagio, but if you want to party.....The Hard Rock is where it's at. I'll plan your evening:-Hang out at the Circle Bar, probably the best place to enjoy a cocktail in Las Vegas. -Dine at Nobu. How did the get such delicious seafood in the middle of the desert?-Dance at Body English.-Play Craps at the Casino while you listen to the tunes blasting throughout. Everything from Nirvana to Justin Timberlake.There you go, your night is all set up......thank me later!
4	I love staying at the Hard Rock Hotel.It's a little on the pricey side (hence 4 stars instead of 5), but the rooms are clean & large enough to stretch out in.  The pool is gorgeous and the people mostly are, too.  Pink Taco and Nobu serve up tasty grub and if you're lucky enough to be in town at the right time, you can catch a show at The Joint, which is actually a pretty nifty little auditorium.  We saw Duran Duran there and had a kickass time.  I've never been to Body English, but I hear good things.My girlfriend & I like staying here for the younger "hipster" crowd it attracts and it's close proximity to the Double Down Saloon, but getting to the strip from here is kinda sucky (hence 4 stars instead of 5).  It's actually easier (and cheaper) to walk to the strip if you can handle it.
5	i'm not going to lie and pretend i was sober at all during my experience here, i mean we were trashed on the plane there.. no soberness involved. we went to vegas last july for nikki boobie's bachelorette party and stayed 4 days at the hard rock. i think it would just be easier to take you day by day through our adventure so you can fully understand the 5 star rating. day 1- we land in vegas, it's hot as fuck and we are not sober. we payed a ridiculous fee to be limo'd over to the hotel. inside the hotel, we check in and dump our bags in the room. we wait around for the rest of the bitches to arrive and we head out for the night. we go to tryst in the wynn and meet up with these weirdo douche bags that had a table there. one guy had an amex black card and spoke of his many trips to the south of france... he was greasy and short. we get charged $15 a shot. time to go!!! we go back to the hard rock and party at body english for free.. much better! then we head over to mr. lucky's for a late night meal. mr. lucky's is the cafe in the hard rock. it's the bomb.day 2- we wake up and head down to the hard rock pool. rehab is going on this weekend (the biggest pool party of the year) so it's crowded!!! the pool is so dirty you can't see your feet in one foot deep water, people are sloppy drunk and fucktrotting in the pool. it's only 11 am saturday morning. i meet a guy names big b. big b has a cabana and says me and my 5 girlfriends can drink in his cabana. SCORE! free drinks all day saturday!!! we eat at the pink taco. pink taco is hella good! we are hammered by 5 and go to mr. lucky's for dinner. we meet a promoter who promises us VIP in Body English that night. Wo0t to more free shit! We go up to the room to get ready and end up falling asleep. we wake up at 12:30 and decide to go out. we make it to Mr. Lucky's and a quick spin around the casino. we are hit on by forigners and ghetto people. back to the room.day 3- REHAB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YEAAAAA!!!! we go out to the pool. it's more insane than the day before. we meet "married guy" who is from new york and spend the day hanging out with him and drinking out of his cabana. he's cool and will fill his drink and then pour half of it one of our drinks so we don't have to leave to pool area. we pose for the billions of cameras there and we spot ernie.... ernie was just floating in the pool all by himself. nikki boobie and i rescue him and carry him around for the rest of the day. that giant inflatable penis got us a lot of free drinks, so we decide to take him home with us. after a long day at the pool we make our way to the japanese restaurant that i can't think of the name of at the moment. day 4- we hit up mr. lucky's one last time and get packed to head back to cali. mr. lucky's has the best omlets ever. omg, best ever after a weekend of hardcore drinking. moral of the story... 6 bitches go to vegas for 4 days for a bachelorette party and only wander out of the hard rock for about a 6 hour period. we drink for free for 3 days straight inside the hotel. this hotel is the shit!!!! between the room, the pool, mr. lucky's, pink taco, body english the casino, the bar and the japanese place... we were more than entertained. all these great places located in one hotel... that's why i give the hard rock 5 stars.
2	HRH? More like Eta Rho Eta. If you like being surrounded by drunken rapist frat boys with faux-prison neck tattoos, then this is the hotel for you. Or if your idea of "luxury resort" is to be treated like errant children by heavy handed staff, then don't let me talk you out of the Hard Rock Hotel. All others, avoid.Two stars instead of one for the poolside cabanas. The cabanas are great, but reserving one is a chore. Every step of the way, the process is riddled with staff giving you attitude and telling you to call later or that it's too late to get one ("getting a cabana is like winning the lottery" -- actual lame quote from Jim, the beach club manager) or come down in person or ask someone else or "they're filling up fast, better get one quick!". In reality, there's never a shortage, and it's easy to walk up and rent a cabana at any time during pool hours.It's all about hassling the customer so you can feel some illusion of staying somewhere "exclusive".
4	I wish we had stayed here...I hear the pool party on Sundays is the place to be at but what is a Bambi to do after dancing and gambling all night and sleeping all day. I missed the afternoon pool party. Regardless I won some money playing slots at the bar and watched a live band rock the house. Meanwhile a large group of dudes and a few ladies are nearby trying to get into Body English for 2 and 1/2 hours. Suckers we had more fun at the bar with free entertainment than these fools standing there waiting and hoping and wishing...finally the guy at the door said to the crowd "NOT TONIGHT" ha ha ...
2	Perhaps Im missing something or perhaps Im just getting to that ripe old age in my 20s where getting drunk with a bunch of frat boys and 30 something guys who never left their frat party is just unappealing. I went to LV with a couple of friends and they wanted to stay here. I'd stayed before, but it had been awhile so I agreed to it.The room was probably the best thing about the hotel. We stayed in a suite and it was admittedly quite nice. I am a hotel snob so if I admit it was nice, it really was. I am hard to please. Leaving the hotel room was a totally different story. We went down to the pool (no cabana the first day) and good lord was I ever reminded of my first year of college! Simply put, the whole experience really was some never ending frat party. I hate to admit this as it just means that I have yet another review that proves I have officially reached old fart status in my ripe old 20s. The cabanas are great so if you have the means, reserve one. (Note, if you're with a group of your girlfriends and tell them that, they may comp. it!) Someone mentioned that security is really strict here and I agree with it... however I do think that is due to the fact that this hotel attracts your typical MTV Spring Break type crowd (aka never ending frat party) and thus, it rubs off on to all patrons. Just something to keep in mind.Good bye Hard Rock. If I ever become unboring and feel the need to party hard like a drunk soroity slut, I'll be back. (I will come by for Nobu but that is a whole different review!)
3	I am not sure why people care to stay at this place.  The rooms are cool nice 60" Plasma in every room- cool decor and nice bed ok and cool toiletries.  Out side of that?  small gambling floor. A grungy TRL crowd of clientele.  The restaurant options are scant.  The Pink Taco is good and tasty.  They have a 2fer night on Tuesdays at the bar.  Tends to be a lot of locals since the weekend crowd has already left.The front desk staff was hit or miss.  I was not pleased with the ATTITUDE from some of them and the late fee for checking out an hour early they tried to hustle me with.I am giving 3 stars as I always love the memoribilia and the decor.  The Zidjan symbols as hallway lighting shades was a cool touch.
5	Don't stay at the Hard Rock if you want to be left alone to read Oscar Wilde and cuddle in bed. Well maybe.....The Pool is one of my favorite in town, and during the week, a top cabana is quiet enough to both read and cuddle. On the weekends, is when things really get crazy here and loud is an understatement. One of the best things about the Hard Rock is the pool. Its tropical and spread out layout always makes the top ten lists for Las Vegas. Come on a Wed. and float around in the pool or have a drink under the canopy, come on a Sunday and Rehab in the summer will be all you can hear. The Hard Rock is known for being a cool spot in Vegas because IT IS, people who review and say it isn't were maybe expecting a lot. The scale of the hotel is such that you can wonder to your room without running a marathon. Mr. Lucky's is open all night, which is a good thing not like some of those other 24 hour cafes in hotels which I wouldn't eat at ANY hour of the day. The rooms here are normal, with flat screen TVs and all the suites are being remodeled I hear. If you have a chance to see the Penthouse, by all means do it. The Almost Famous room is worth it. So check in, throw on your bathing suit and lay by the Hard Rock pool and order the ceviche for lunch, it wont be a bad day.
2	Let me put it this way:This hotel belongs in Reno.  Not in Las Vegas.  Wait... I might be insulting Reno here....?  Naaah... Reno sucks.  So does Hard Rock Hotel.When I arrive in Vegas, I get into my "vegas mode".  Heck, I get off the plane in "vegas mode"!  I think "vegas style".  I want to see "vegas everything" - - not Reno.  I want to look up and see murals bigger than life on the ceiling, look down and see marble more expensive than anything I normally see, look around and see people and things more beautiful than my eyes would believe.  If you're like that - don't do the Hard Rock Hotel.It's a little piece of Reno... in LAS VEGAS!Upon arriving at the hotel, through the registration desk, up the elevators and to your door - Hard Rock is just a second tier hotel, at best.  Casino is miniscule, halls and elevators are "blaah", employees are not trained anywhere near to the standards of the other high-end hotels, and the general clientele is - in one word, trashy.  Not just the girls either - - the men, too.And where's the LOBBY?I mean, in my mind, when I enter the hotel, I practically need walking shoes to make it to the registration, and then bandaids to make it to the elevators, At Hard Rock - you trip and you're at the registration desk.  You stumble and you just bumped into the elevator.  What is this - the COMFORT INN?OK, so admittedly, the pool is said to be cool, and it's a regular "Girls Gone Wild" out there.  Alright, I can see the appeal this might hold for the men.... but the pool is not what I go to Vegas for, I have a pool in my backyard.  I want to see a true LAS VEGAS HOTEL.  I want gambling that will make my eyes bulge out.  I WANT BLING BLING!*****************SIDENOTE:  Now, if I were 17 and was going to  go to Vegas -  I, too, might have chosen Hard Rock and joined in on the filming of "Girls Gone Wild" by the pool, and then maybe I would give this hotel 5 stars.  (Ha.... HIGHLY UNLIKELY!)*****************What does earn them at least the two stars is for being a big enough name to have "Nobu" inside this hotel.  Cool.  At least people will then drop by the hotel.  Nobu, and the fact that it's a mere $8 cabride to the hotel.... plus having OK rooms.  2 stars for that.But to stay here?!!?WHY?  I don't understand.  Yo no comprendo!Having said all that -  the room is quite nice.  Roomier than the many of the hotels on the strip, and all in all - good enough.  Bathrooms are small and rather dinky but they do have the rainshower.  Good.  Now, with all that, if the price were more economical, (I'm told they were charging $600/ night for a corporate booking) they might be onto something.  With all that, if at least the service was classier, they might have earned another star.Alas -  they have nothing to offer me.Back to the Venetian or Wynn I go....
5	The past several times I have been to Vegas I have never left the Hard Rock the entire time I was in town. It really has everything I need. I'm getting a little long in the tooth (well into my late 20s...call me grandma), but I still prefer Hard Rock and it's cool guys and hoochies to the retirement homes I find elsewhere in Vegas. Pool? Best pool in Vegas. Intimidated by all of the hard bodies at the pool? Get over yourself. Everyone is too worried about themselves to worry about you and your muffin top. Just have a drink and enjoy yourself. Gambling? Great. Even when I lose I have a good time. I've had more fun and interesting dealers at HR than anywhere else. Other places have dealer robots who throw out cards and never utter a word. I hate that. HR dealers are all generally friendly and like chatting with you. A friendly dealer eases the pain of losing money. (My only complaint is that I went on a Monday and Tuesday afternoon/night/early morning and there were very few tables open. Like 4 blackjack tables, and half had weird rules.)Plus, since it is off the strip there are a lot fewer tourists wandering in with no idea how to play blackjack. Any losers are generally voted off the table. Rooms? Clean rooms with comfy beds. Works for me. I like the young, fun crowd and the general atmosphere at the HR. I'll keep staying here until they start checking IDs at the door and find out I am far too old.
4	Where do all the brilliant legal minds stay when they are in Vegas for a conference?  At the Hard Rock Hotel, clearly.  Actually, when the admin lady at my firm told me where I would be staying I think she said something more along the lines of:  "Well, I know the conference is at the Four Seasons, but I booked you at the Hard Rock Hotel!  That's where all the young kids stay these days--it has a pool, a bar, and a casino!"  (I didn't have the heart to tell her that the Four Seasons has all those things, too.)Awesome.  Not only do I have an uphill battle to prove to opposing counsel, that no, I'm not in court because it's "bring your daughter to work day," but now I gotta somehow prove that I'm Four Seasons worthy to my firm, too.  Maybe when I make partner...blarf.And, turns out, not just "young kids" stay here.  On my way to my room, after a hellish couple of days at work, an ok flight, and getting smacked in the face with the Vegas heat, one of the casino patrons decided that I needed a little smack somewhere else!   Yep, mama got goosed.  The gooser was, in fact, likely an early 20s frat boy, but his DAD, who was so mortified by his son's behavior, was not.  However, good ole' dad may want to look at his own behavior if he is baffled by his son's, cuz although he apologized profusely, he also tried to "buy me off" and gave me $50 worth of chips and called me "sweetheart."  Um...I left it for housekeeping.I think housekeeping deserves it more than my ass does.  So, in terms of "older people" there was the Mob-Boss-Dad, me, and ahh, yes.  How could I forget the old guy in my room?  After the goose-pay-off episode, I trekked up to my room only to find that it was being, um ....vigorously occupied.  Yikes!  No!! I don't want to see this!!  ...Wait, er...where is her other leg?  Shit.  She must do yoga.  Fuck!! Abort, Abort!!! Old man balls!!!!!To the people of 261:  Bravo to you--especially to the old man for baggin' such a flexible kitten.
1	When my beloved Texas Longhorns were playing the Mobilehoma Sooners a few years back, the press had decided that OU would beat my team.  As victory was apparent for the Longhorns in the 4th quarter, those of us in the burnt orange and white were able to cheer "OVERRATED.....OVERRATED".  That is pretty much what I want to do every time I walk into the Hard Rock.  I enjoy partying in Vegas just as much as the next person, but everytime I go to the Hard Rock, it gets a little more thuggish and a little less tolerable.  Last time I played craps, I was the only one playing while everyone else was playing the Field.  Ugh, nothing worse than Field betters.  Anyway, for my trendy, fun, young hotel experience, I would pick the Palms anyday.  We are officially finished with the Hard Rock.
5	AMAZING! I have to say that the Hard Rock has outdone themselves again!Their NEW Celebrity Suites are BEAUTIFUL! Walking in through their double doors, I felt like I was on an episode of Cribs. But instead of being kicked out at the end of the episode, I got to stay and enjoy a night in my own suite. Upon entering, you are greeted by a mirrored, marble-floored entry opening into an 800 sq foot parlor with a custom made pool table, dark textured walls, velvet-like curtains and interior design one might expect at an Ian Schrager hotel. Likely because now that the Morgan's Hotel Group owns the Rock, their design influence is much more chic. A nice (but not yet completed) wet bar area adjoins the pool table area complete with a well stocked fridge.To the left of the pool table is the living room, which features a 50+" Philips flat screen TV, a Wii game console, Bose sound system, and iPod dock with all the adapters. The rooms french doors open up and look out 11 stories over the Hard Rock pool and off in the distance the Strip.The bedroom is dark and sexy. The bed has an 8' tall leather headboard with 2 crystal lamps on either side of the King size bed. Opposite the headboard of course is another large flatscreen TV.The master bath is bigger than most studio apts in the city. And yes, there is a flat screen in there too, mounted just off of the 4 person jacuzzi tub. All marble floors and a marble walk-in 8 person shower with rainbath showerheads. And behind a small door sits the throne with your own phone... if you really have to make a call while you're dropping the kids off.The next time you plan to go to Vegas and have the desire to splurge, stay at the Hard Rock and ask about their new Celebrity Suites on the 11th floor. You won't be disappointed.
3	Dear Hard Rock Hotel,I hate you. No really, I do. Ok, maybe it's not so much you but your patrons. Bleh. All that attitude and silicon can suck it! And I question your choice in music...c'mon Maroon Five and Matchbox 20?? More like SOFT Rock rather than HARD Rock....you are one step away from playing John Tesh.Ok, I've trashed you enough. Let me tell you why you got 3 stars outta me. I was in Vegas on business and met up with friends who happen to be out in the area. They wanted to hit up their usual spot, The Pink Taco, so we did. Afterwards they wanted to gamble so we hit up some slots (go big or go home, right?! haha) and for the FIRST time since I turned 21 (nine years ago) I was carded at a slot machine. THANK YOU.Sincerely,S-dawg
4	I have stayed here a couple times, but never at the right time to enjoy the pool festivities.  I found the room to be quite nicely sized, the beds great, and love rock and roll music so I was in heaven.  The casino is smaller, but if you are seriously considering gambling the other casinos are a cab ride away.  The Starbuck's is a great touch to the lobby, and enjoy the apps at Pink Taco (always laugh when I hear that).
4	The Hard Rock is the type of place you want to stay at when in Sin City.  It's fancy and expensive and makes you feel like you're in Vegas. I had a big ass room with a big ass 50" plasma screen and it made working in Vegas that much easier. When I turned on the 50" plasma for the first time the in-house music channel was playing Social Distortion, which I took as a good sign.However, it's funny that they have complimentary pencils in the rooms instead of pens; I suppose you have to minimize The Hard Rock debauchery somewhere and at some level.The only downside of my stay was the room next door to mine was occupied by Rap type dudes who blasted their "music" insanely loud for 2 of the 3 nights I was there.. but when you stay at The Hard Rock that's what you have to expect.  I'm not a rookie:  I had earplugs.Also, unlike me, most of the patrons could give two sh*ts that they were standing next to a Gold album award for Molly Hatchet's 'Flirtin' With Disaster' album.
3	If you can get a good deal on the room, like we did, mid-week, it's definitely worth it.  The rooms are pretty nice, plasma screen, big tub, comfy beds...Casino is kind of small, and the bartenders I encountered weren't the friendliest, but its only like a $5 cab ride to the strip.
4	Minus one star for being off the Strip, but other than that, five stars for the casino (we didn't stay here).  We went to the Body English club to see Metal Skool and then got a bite to eat at the 24-hour cafe next to the casino (the cafe had friendly, fast service and the food wasn't half bad).I liked the feel of the casino itself, and the fact that it had rock 'n' roll memorabilia without being obnoxious like a Hard Rock Cafe restaurant.  The casino is pretty small -- you can't get lost in here like you can other Vegas casinos -- but felt comfortable, not cramped.And here's the kicker: We were just walking around the casino and stopped to watch a roulette table for a couple minutes when I saw this guy who looked like "Bobby Bacalieri" from "The Sopranos" but I assumed it was just some bozo from Missouri or something.  But then my boyfriend was like, "I think that IS him."  So that was sweet (it was him).  He gave us a friendly nod and seemed to be having fun playing roulette (though he was no high roller, let me tell you).  And he was totally nice about taking a picture with us (check it out).If the Hard Rock is good enough for Bobby "Baccala," then it is good enough for me.
3	Overall, we got a great deal here.  Modern hotel and nice room.
3	This was far from the strip and certainly not very walk-able, depending on where you are coming from. We were coming from Mandalay Bay so this was definitely not walk-able! We were dining at Nobu but upon entering HRC hotel, it's very typical to be filled with rock and biker memorabilia or collective items! It's just not my style, we wanted to eat at Nobu so we had to end up here. I have to admit that I've never been to the hotel and even so when it's far off the strip. Not sure if I'll ever return....sorry, just not my thing....
4	I try and stay at the hard rock every time I make it to vegas.  This place has such a great vibe..  The economy rooms have a very modern decor, outfitted with plasma TVs, comfortable furniture, etc.  I went to a party in one of the celebrity suites and those are great!  One has a bowling alley!!In my most recent visit, I checked into an economy room which happened to be trashed..beer cans and cigarettes everywhere, furniture overturned, etc.  The management apologized and upgraded me for free to an executive suite!  Now that is how you run a place!  Keep the customers happy.  As if the rooms and entertainment weren't enough to keep you coming back, one of my favorite (and one of the only 5-star sushi restaurants in MY book) is in this hotel (Nobu).
4	Nice, different type of casino venue. I enjoyed looking at the celebrity clothing on display.  I found that very interesting. I have to go back because I did not think to buy a "Hard Rock" tee shirt.
4	ok, to be clear i did not love this hotel. in fact, i though it was just ok. why the 4 stars then? well, because in comparison to a lot of other vegas hotels, it's pretty good. it's younger and more low-key than the venetian or bellagio and not at obnoxious as the palms. the husband decided this would be the place to stay for my first trip to vegas. (yes, i'm 30 and this was my first trip to vegas. what does that say about me? first, if you're judging me ask yourself how many times you've been and what that might say about you. ok smartie let's move on.) our room was spacious and clean and i loved the framed photos of icons. i wasn't a huge fan of their casino area. it's not as well ventilated or as pumped full of oxygen as the bellagio or venetian so if you're sensitive to smoke, it's gonna annoy you. i'm not a gambler tho so i just avoided it. the staff is nice and respectful and the pool is pretty cool with a fake beach and everything. you will definitely see girls with fake boobs and in g-strings here and they're always fun to watch as they angle for the attention of the nearest meatheads. we ate breakfast both mornings at mr lucky's which was solid if not impressive. the "rehab" breakfast was pretty good actually. also hit up their club--body english--which is free before midnite if you're a guest. thank God, cause being an SF girl i was not about to wait in a line to be judged on the size of my breasts or how pretty i am just to give some asshole $30 to let me into a club full of other assholes. give yourself pletny of time tho. there's a mob scene a at midnite all of them pleading with some ponytailed david beckham lookalike to let them in. body english played pretty fun music and there was great people watching here too.  also they're conveniently located righ next to the airport and across the street from a pharmacy --just in case you need meds or water that doesn't cost $4 a bottle.
5	I love this hotel! And now that the Morgan's group has bought it, I can only imagine it will improve! Great pool, no need to watch what your saying while you're drinking (read NOT kid friendly...the way Vegas was intended!)Great eye candyYou can actually SEE from one side of the gaming floor to the other, so you aren't lost in a maze, just trying to find your friggin room.Every room has double french doors that open up to the outside. This may not be a big deal to most, but I'm not personally used to recycled air with tons of smoke, ech. This is one of the best features in my personal opinion.Service here is fabulous, I've stayed at many strip hotels, including, venetian, paris, among others. Hands down, hard rock, no questions. You want it, they bring it. They still know what customer service is all about.
4	for the regular rooms, they're still pretty swank. i loved the decor and the color scheme (purple, green, taupe). the shower head was delightful, the beds were soft, the room service was great....had a good experience here  and i'm giving it a 4 even if i saw what looked like splooge on the corner of the lounge chair!!!! hahaha, EWW.
4	I really like the vibe of the HR and its one of my favorite casinos to hang out at.  My only problem with the place is NO POKER ROOM.  C'mon people..get with it.  I would play here all the time!
4	Casino layout that does not make you want to die, ie, you can walk across the floor and find the bathroom or the sundries shop where you can buy some overpriced batteries. Won 150 dollars at the nickel slots. The beginning of a 24 hour lucky streak. Thanks, Hard Rock!
4	While this hotel definitely has a different vibe than the others located on the strip, I really enjoyed my stay here. The casino is drastically smaller than the ones in other hotels, but it's kinda nice how intimate it is. The tables and slot machine surround a bar in the middle, with shops and places to eat on the outside. Now on to the rooms... they are sooo nice. Very classy, very modern, very clean. The beds are super comfy, and theres a big HD plasma tv in every room. Balcony doors open up to a nice view of the outdoor pool area, and a backside of the Strip. I love the glowing lights of Vegas, but it was a really nice change to stay somewhere not in the middle of the hustle and bustle. I really enjoyed it!!
4	My stripper friends like to hang at the pool.  The memorabilia is cool, who knew those people were so tiny?, I mean Prince, Alanis Morissette & Shania Twain could share their size 2 outfits!  Lots of celeb sightings...Jenna Jameson, and Vern (Minnie Me from Austin Powers), my friends have pictures of naked Vern & a bed full of hot chicks in one of the rooms.  My problem is NOT that there are a lot of attractive guys to see, it's that they're with their boyfriends.
3	We came here hoping for late night eats. What we got was a gaggle of 14 to 18 year old girls and old women trying to relive their glory days.  Just our Luck Fall Out Boy just finished playing the Joint.  Now, I'm really not that cool. I have no idea or care what they sing. It was a good thing that I was pretty drunk or else I wouldn't be able to handle this Craptastic place. Probably the worst Casino.    We did however hit the jackpot in penny slots.That made it fun, and the "free" drinks were strong. The Hard rock is off the strip and they should keep it there.
5	This is my Off the Strip Spot.  Infodiva was here.  Pink Taco is cool.I stayed here after Christmas in 2003. What a blast I had. I love the big expansive, modern spacious rooms. The amenities were luxurious. I had a room facing the pool area. Since it was December it was closed.  I ate at Pink Taco, the 24 hour cafe. I love the circular way this hotel is designed.  What better way to party than to get drunk at one of the Hard Rock discos and then stumble to your room for an after-party. Gambling is a little pricey....  $10.00 min to play Black Jack. I forget what drinks cost. We had a bar in our room. Gin and Tonic.  I kept drinking Mudslides also.  I like staying off the strip sometimes. The traffic and parking is less stressful.  Here is some info on the Hard Rocks...  We stayed here prior to the sale.The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is a hotel-casino located in Las Vegas, Nevada. The property has a 646 room hotel and 30,000ft (3,000m) casino. The hotel will undergo a major expansion to be completed in 2009.The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is an expansion of the Hard Rock Cafe franchise.It is known for its youthful appeal, elaborate swimming pool area (home of Rehab), and exclusive nightclub Body English. Along with The Palms (another off-strip resort) the Hard Rock both appeals to the 21 to 30 crowd and those who enjoy the Neo-retro feel of Las Vegas.The hotel was opened in 1995 by Peter Morton, a co-founder of the Hard Rock Cafe franchise.On June 27, 2002, John Entwistle, the bassist of The Who, died at the hotel from a heart attack.On April 6, 2006, professional skateboarder Danny Way acid-dropped off the guitar on the cafe into a quarter pipe setting a world record.On May 11, 2006, Morton agreed to sell the property to Morgans Hotel Group for $770 million. The sale and transfer of ownership was completed in February 2007.Address  4455 Paradise RoadLas Vegas, Nevada 89109Opening date  1995Previous names  noneCasino type  Land-BasedTheme  Rock & RollOwner  Morgans Hotel GroupNo. of rooms  670Total gaming space  30,000ft (3,000m)Signature attractions  The JointBody EnglishRehabNotable restaurants  NOBUPink TacoA.J.'s SteakhouseMr. Lucky'sYears renovated  2001Website  Hard Rock HotelI am heading back to LV 2008. I will have to check out how the remodeling is affecting the hotel. I am aiming for a package deal. Air +Hotel wish me luck.
4	In the zoo that is Vegas, this place is terrific. The rooms are so cool...spacious and sleek and just plain cool.  The deep jacuzzi tub and the rain showerhead were  a nice touch, as were the bathessential products. Located off the strip I could still see the sunrise over the desert mountains from the room. The casino was cool wih excellent music blaring all over the hotel. That and the usual rock star paraphanalia (the Johnny Cash display was really cool) makes this place a nice place to crash if you are in Vegas, and the rates are really really reasonable considering the size of the room. The Pink Taco is their signature Mexican restaurant, and folks come over form other resorts to eat there. Maybe its the name, right?The 24 hour room service menu will satisfy anyone, and they have a great menu called "The Morning After", loaded full of hangover fixes.There is loads of nightlife here, Body English nightclub and more. I might add that I hate Vegas (was here for family reasons) and hate the casinos, so my review is based on the Hotel, and the room and the food.If you ain' into the rock scene, go for the room. Great space.
1	This place is way overrated!!! I stayed there for the first time last fall & it was terrible. First off the front desk people are worthless. You ask them questions and they stare at you for a minute & then follow it up with a smart ass response. What is it with these "hipper than you" places?! They act as though they own the fu#%ing joint! First off, after staying at this hotel it truely baffles me how they can charge the amounts they do. The rooms are shabby and run-down. I had no hot water in my room (in a hotel??) and it took them an hour to come up to my room. The chaise chair had cigarette holes in it, the bathroom fixtures were rusted and practically falling off, and the lampshades were bent. Now, I know it sounds like i'm being extremly diva-ish but this place throws a "security" fee for $150 a night!!!! Can you believe that! I've stayed at nicer/classier  hotels on the strip that don't dare smack on outrageous fees like this! I was told that it is because some people have thrown furniture out of the windows & actually started fires in their rooms! WTF!!! And people think Downtown LV is bad?! Actually they are really improving Downtown a lot! But that's another story. Anyway, about this place........oh yeah and they have a sign posted at the entrance of the casino that says "Dress Code after 8pm"....dress code to gamble?! To go to the clubs & restraunts maybe, but to hang out?! If any places should have signs like that you would think it would be at The Bellagio, Wynn, or Caesars....not here. Overall, the rooms suck, staff is pretty shitty, and the casino is small & crappy. If you go to Vegas to hang with wanna-be rockstars & future Realworld  hopefuls then this is your spot. If you like to gamble & get your drink on.....go elsewhere!
1	I usually stay at The Bellagio or with family when I'm in Vegas, so maybe it isn't fair for me to review a non-resort type of place. The Hard Rock Hotel is small and boring. The casino is so little it's impossible to lose someone if you tried. There's no poker room, and only a handful of restaurants, one bar. Maybe some people like that, but considering that the pool is closed during the winter months, what else is there to do? It's also far enough off the strip that you can't simply walk outside to get to somewhere better. These things aren't really what guarantees that I'd never voluntarily stay here again. The morning after we arrive, I get woken up by a jackhammer cracking cement directly under our window. We were on the 9th floor, and it was still insanely loud. My boyfriend had to call and get a different room because it was going on all day. When I spoke to them, they didn't seem to register how annoying it would be to be on vacation and unable to sleep in. After a few hours they get us a new room, no offer to help us move our things, and they put us in another room on the opposite side of the building, also with construction under the window. Same story the very next morning. We also noticed that several of the guest rooms were having work done on them. I know that HRH isn't anywhere close to the same scale as Bellagio, but when they are doing construction on a certain floor, they don't put you within 2 floors, either direction, of the offensive sound. I guess that would be kind of hard since they were re-doing the exterior. In my opinion, though, you should advise people that construction is going on. I guess that would require them to compensate people in some way, but isn't that better than having pissed off guests that will never return? Better yet, we got home and the boyfriend sees a $55 charge on his AmEx from the minibar. Neither of us had anything from the mini bar in either rooms. Lovely.
5	Where would I go if I had a huge bankroll and I wanted to party? I'd stop at the Hard Rock. Very cool scene. Can't disclose more than that though ;)
5	Anyone who gave the Hard Rock under 3 stars is either an idiot or an old fart who just didn't get it.I recently had an epiphany: the ONLY place to stay in Vegas is the Hard Rock.  I don't care what anyone else has to say about it.  All of those other big time casinos are too huge, desensitized, impersonal and just plain suck to stay at.  I like the fact that I recognize certain employees at the Hard Rock- and they recognize and are friendly to me as well.  Those huge mega casinos are fun to visit for a club or restaurant, but staying at them is like getting lost in the mall of america.  Senior citizens and screaming children running up and down the hallways- uh, yea...NO THANK YOU.  Kids shouldn't even be allowed in Vegas in the first place.The Hard Rock is so fun, young, edgy, hip, beautiful, has great music and the best all-around party scene in Vegas.  The only other casino that can compete is the Palms, but I still think HR is better because its just so much cooler.  It has great restaurants and great entertainment.  AND, its only going to get better with the expansion.  Body English is arguably the best club in Vegas and Rehab is definitely the best summertime party for sure.  The Hard Rock Store carries quality items that I'd actually want to buy outside of Vegas- not the cheap "Las Vegas" crap merchandise or Celine Dion memorabilia- I'm talking cute clothes, great designers and nice jewelry.Not to mention the rooms!  Their beds are so comfortable.  And the rooms are decorated well- not cheesy with crappy generic furniture and floral wallpaper.  They're in the process of expanding the hotel so the construction noise does suck, but you should be too drunk/hungover to be bothered by that anyways, right?!  And, we must all pay some price for improvement....I just hope that the expansion doesn't take away the great vibe the hard rock has now. Oh, cant wait to go back on opening day of Rehab...I'd move into the Hard Rock if I could.
4	I've never stayed at the Hard Rock, but the casino is fricken great!  This is one of the only places that you can sit at a table, the dealers will talk with you and you actually get service.I've always had great times, won money, and left slightly buzzed!  They play good music and it just makes you want to stay at the tables and continue playing.The crowd is friendly and by the time you leave, everyone at your table is your new BFF:)
5	On my recent trip to Vegas I spent many hours drinking and partying here with my girlfriends. The pool, hands down is one of the best places to hang out I have ever been to. What a people watching scene. They pump the music really loud so don't bother bringing an iPod while laying in the sun. Honestly people don't go here to get a tan. They come to party and meet people. You need to tip a pool guy to get lounge chairs, or you'll be walking around looking stupid. You can always get a cabana or make friends with someone who did. Which do you think we did? The drinks are outrageous though!!! One round cost us $72!!!! Did I mention there was only four of us. I'm still stunned about that one. But the service there is great and the food was pretty good. Of course the food costs less than the booze. The rooms are great. Very modern and trendy and the club Body English was good too. Especially the VIP section. Had a much better time here on this trip. I'll be back. But probably not for another three years.
3	The plus and minus side of the hotel are the same, that's why 3 stars. It's small, it's intimate, and that works for and against it. Easily can walk by your destination because the circle is so small and if you get busy talking, you'll have to back track, or just keep walking the circle! I like the Casino and lobby, didn't really like the joint, and body english is decent. The bar is fun, cute intimate bar, a circle of course, plenty of flirty guys. Not this weekend but at another time I sat at an empty table and it  filled up fast once i sat down, so don't be afraid of an empty table! The food places are a grill, (forgot the name) nobu, and AGO. I skipped nobu, but ate food at both other places. And both are good. One of the chefs at the grill sent over some sundaes, with a wink. very sweet! I lost my phone at AGO, and the cutey bartender got a flashlight, and on his hands and knees found it for me! Everyone is nice nice nice! Hard Rock has the friendliest, funniest and most accomodating employees. Everyone from the bodyguards to the taxi fetchers are funny and flirty. It seems as though there are more men than women there....so girls take note! And they are some friendly bunch of guys. i didn't stay at the hotel part, but there is security to prevent non-guest from going up to the guest rooms. Interesting displays of rockabilia, so check those out! Over all, a decent, intimate and interesting off the strip hotel and casino.
1	went here on a sunday to eat at ago. walked around the casino for a few minutes, which was very small. it's basically a big circle. walked over to ago and had dinner. the service there was pretty good, but i wouldn't be going back. the food wasn't all that amazing. what gives the hard rock a 1 star review from me is the experience we had when trying to leave. we were trying to make it back to the palazzo for jersey boys. we figured we had left ourselves plenty of time to make it back (about 45 mins). we get outside and the line for cabs was enormous. the guys outside are yelling 'no taxis tonight. take a towncar. $45! $55 for this lexus! $85 for this limo.' they run a scam with the hard rock to make money. because we were in a rush and had already waited about 20 mins, we took the  $45 town car. it was a $10 cab ride over. absolutely ridiculous. on the ride to the palazzo, we kept hearing over the radio 'hard rock to base. we need two suvs ect...' the guy who drove us told us they paid the hard rock $5 for every ride they picked up there. because of that, i will never go to the hard rock again.
2	My friends were playing at the Hard Rock so we chose to stay here for convenience. The room was cute, didn't spend much time in it but to sleep. Got up early to check out the pool but they didn't open till 10am. So we decided we would eat at Mr. Lucky's for breakfast. Bad choice. Food SUCKED! They burnt my pancakes and the eggs were NOT over medium as I ordered. The juice was gross, left a bad taste in my mouth. The waitress barely came by to see if i needed anything, like maybe some water to wash out the juice.Anyway... We ate and went back to the pool and the guy said we needed our wristbands which I lost the day before but was told to just ask the concierge and they would replace them.NOPE! They wanted to charge me $25 for wristbands to get into their stupid pool!!! Yes i drove all the way from LA to pay $25 for your stupid pool after I already paid for the room. COME ON! I was so disgusted with the attitude given that i wanted to check out and go stay somewhere else. We checked out alright and they charged me a convenience fee that covers the use of their pool and valet!!! WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????? NEVER again Hard Rock! You blow balls! How could you charge me a "convenience" fee.... where was the convenience I got charged for? I couldn't even use your stupid pool.So, we left and went to stay at the Venetian. We had to come back that evening for the show which I almost didn't thanks to their asshole service. I had a good time at the show. Lit and Ant Farm were great. That is the only good thing I can say.So, they get a star for the cute room and a star for the great show which really had nothing to do with them.The end.
4	I have to say that the last time I came here the service was kinda off. There is no early check in. I get there around 1:30 and my room wasn't ready yet. So I had to wait at the pool which was ok because there was alot of eye candy there. Once I got to my room which was on the pool side the view was great! However it sucks being on that side if you want to sleep in because they do sound checks at 9:00 in the morning! Around 12:00 noon they blast the music to the point where you can't even hear your TV . But heh your in Vegas. After coming back from the pool I ordered some room service the food was horrible. All an all I give this place 4 stars rather than my previous 5. I know there are upgrading the suites so I'm pretty sure they will start upgrading the regular rooms thankgod! This hotel has one of the worst service worst rooms however the hotel is the best hotel to have fun in Vegas because of the pool and all the eyecandy around......
4	WOOT! Special 100th review of the Hard Rock!!!!!!!! Well slap my ass and tell me it's my birthday.I like Hard Rock because it's vibe is different. Cooler, hipper but still accessible, full of pretty people... And they have AWESOME go-go dancers! Normally, the sight of young girls gyrating on a pole for money makes me feel sorry for them. I think to myself "how much would this poor girl rather be doing something else for a living?" And I typically watch in muted horror as they shake their wiggly hips and bend in ways that must've served them well when they had aspirations of being a ballerina instead. The girls at the Hard Rock, however, made me feel otherwise. I watched as they danced the night away -- captivated by one girl in particular with short, pixie-styled dark hair, who knew how to WORK a ROOM. I swear, based on my attentiveness to her performance, every guy there must've thought I was a lesbian (I'm not), but it was just so refreshing to see a dancer who (a) actually knew how to DANCE, (b) obviously liked to perform and didn't look pitiful, and (c) was beautiful and alluring without being skanky. Good for her -- I give snaps!Other than the show, Body English was stupid... We were supposed to be on a VIP list for entry, but because we came at 12:15 (and not 12am) we were told lists were no longer being honored and we'd have to wait in line and pay the cover like everyone else. Not to be a traitor to my gender and all, but it was a bespectacled snooty girl who apprised me of this snafu -- I have a feeling if I'd been dealing with a guy, it wouldn't have been a problem. For whatever reason this girl had decided she didn't like me and was going put her flat iron of a foot down. So we said 'thanks, but no thanks.' What happened next wasn't Hard Rock's fault, so I can't really take off stars (though it would've been nice if their response would've been quick and with concern), but the high point of the evening had to be when I got thrown up on whilst at the ATM near the cashier. There I was, innocently standing by in my pinstripe skirt and T-strap "CFM" heels while my boyfriend used the ATM, when a lurching Drunky McDrunk-Drunk stumbled over to us (holding on to the wall for dear life), and proceeded to vomit all over himself, the wall, ATM, floor, and me.Puke once, shame on you. Puke twice, three, four, or five times, slip in your own vomit, fall down in its pool, and splash my legs with it... shame on me.
4	note:  review excludes hotelWe really enjoyed playing at Hard Rock casino --  love the layout!  love the vibe! love the slots!  love the fact that they have a movie theatre (finally! a hotel & casino w/ a movie theatre )!! We enjoyed it here so much that though we were staying at Mandalay, majority of the time we were at this casino.  Can't wait to check out the hotel on our next visit!
5	Circa 98 Edition.Before Rehab, no villas, no luxury condos, body english, room reservation nightmares w/ mandatory weekend nights.Back then....-W Hotel like rooms.  Green & Purple dominated.-Pool side was still the day time attraction.  Baking in 100 degree weather while being served by a lovely bevy of beautiful cocktail waitresses.-Casino Bar which was the "it" place to hang all night.  Grab a drink, mix & mingle.-"THE JOINT" concert theater, where every seat was great, yet, comming and going was a nightmare.-Babys was thee CLUB.  Dark, crowded, hot female bartenders w/ sterling silver bottle cap openers lodge behind their backless outfits.-Thee place to hook up, hang out, and party like a rock star.  It was hip, cool, and fun.  Booze, women and drugs..... It was oh so good, yet oh so wrong, cuz you paid dearly with a hangover the size of mount rushmore.  Havent been there in years, but these were my memories.  Some of the best times ever at this joint.  Hard not to smile when you think of HRH.
5	As one of my friends celebrates "The worst day in any person's life", (AKA: Turning 30) I now find myself here.  As far as Hotels/Casinos go in the city of sin I would say there are a few places worth staying at, but for entirely different reasons.  This is one of those places.  The vibe of the Hard Rock is to rock, and this they do well.There is some construction going on outside the Hotel/Casino, but there is no construction going on inside.  (Looks like an expansion of the gaming area)  The Deluxe Suite is posh, the two 50-inch flat panels in each room (In HD!) are hot, too bad neither one will fit in my suitcase.  The casino is small, but I kind of prefer it.They have some of the better clubs, restaurants and concerts in Vegas.  (There's a lot I'm leaving out of this review...) Sign up for the Rockstar card and they will comp you pretty well.  If in Vegas and looking to party like you never left Hollywood, this place is one of the few places in Vegas that LA/NY'ers will not find boring.
4	We drove in at 8a.m. and were not promised a room upon arrival even though we called in a reservation. Astonishingly enough, we were handed room keys immediately and dumped our bags in our expansive and beautifully manicured room. The bed was a fluffy cloud bed that enveloped your entire body. Ha! Not a chance that we were staying in the room, we got into our bikinis and pranced downstairs to Rehab, where we discovered that the party was all hype. The pool waters were a murky tan, the dancing drunken hussies were unattractive at best, and to top it all off, we were all being filmed. We laid out for a moment and decided it'd be best to roam the boulevard. We actually spent a lot of time in the beautiful suite, ordering room service, and just enjoying quality time. We discovered that the huge plasma in the center of our suite broadcasted Rehab and we got quite a kick out of that show. All in all, the hotel services and amenities were kick ass. We'll have to find a better hotel pool party next visit though. Thanks.
4	The rooms were comfortable and nice. It is a younger and fun hotel to stay at. We had a blast at events venues; Wasted Space, Joint, Mr. Lucky, Nobu,  Their Pool and Body English. We didn't need to leave the hotel much b/c it there were so many options. Related- to Hotels in Vegas (out of 5 possible stars)Venue- 4Service- 4Food factor- 4Overall exp- 4 Stars  Drawbacks- Poolside music on certain wings can be loud during the day.
3	I have to say, Hard Rocks Casino has to be one of the smallest in Vegas! Is it really just that one little circle? And honestly, the rooms are pretty crappy for Vegas standards...But on to the good stuff! I have a good time at Hard Rock, it's got a really fun vibe going on. Body English is a good club, and the pink taco with its infamous name has decent food. Last time I was at Hard Rock (June 2008) it was undergoing construction near the main entrance. So perhaps something new is the in the works!
1	I travel pretty frequently to Las Vegas since it's a conference friendly city.  Unfortunately, this hotel was horrible.  The hotel itself is nice, but the staff is all stuck-up with a, "I'm cooler than thou" attitude with no customer service.  I was so disappointed by the snottiness of the staff, that I wrote a letter to their management about my horrible stay.  They were kind enough to send me a letter stating that if I stayed again, they would give me a free upgrade to a suite.  I decided to give them one more try since I rarely get to stay in a full-sized suite.  Unfortunately, bad choice.  I guess they haven't learned how to make everyone feel welcome.  I won't be staying here ever again.
4	Rooms are very solid.The hotel persona was over the top (okay okay its vegas). Apparently everything is about sex, from gambling to food. Sorry, seeing a girl lick a plate with a playful eye does not make me want to eat at a place. There is construction, but since we paid 55 a night, no complaints. They lopped on a $8 a night after we checked out. Why? Allegedly for the "upgraded amenities and free parking". As a friend said, then how the hell is the parking free?Still good overall.
5	Love this hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!  This is always our meeting spot when we travel here for work, at the huge round bar.  They have a great restaurant Nobu,  most you New Yorkers probably know that restaurant, and besides the big bar and beautiful casino they also have a night club called Body English.  They played great house music, so we danced all night long.
4	I've stayed here before and I loved it. We got a total hook up for the room and it was a blast. The only thing I hated about it is that it didn't have the Poker Room Open. I guess it opens up this week or something. I was totally bummed. IT would've been nice to walk down from my room and straight to the table, but no. Conceirge was great and very timely with our needs. We got a little loud as there was a ton of us pre-partying in our room before we went downstairs and not a complaint. Love the place, love the pool, love the music - will always stay here if it's an option.
4	The rooms are GREAT (mine had a picture of  the Great Jim Morrison) ... and the casino is still the "hippest" place for the younger crowd (sorry Palms).They play middle-of-the road over-commercialized "rock" music over the PA, which sadly, still ranks better than the rest of the casinos.Is it a cool place?  NO!  Is it the best casino to hang out in Las Vegas? ... I think so.
4	Usually stay at the Venetian and gamble at the Hard Rock, but last weekend we decided to give the Hard Rock Hotel rooms a chance. Wow! The rooms are really nice (even better when they are free) and nothing can beat the vibe at the HRH. If you are 21-30, the Hard Rock is the place. Get drunk at Body English, stumble out at 3-4AM and hit the tables with all the other drunken fools. Gambling is sooo much more fun when a) everyone at the table is young b) drunk and c) loud and high-fiving each other. I tend to win a lot more money those times then when I am sober. Body English is one of the better clubs in Vegas (Pure is still #1) - the music is always good and the crowd is damn nearly half naked all the time. What the HRH is famous for is the pool and the blackjack tables. I didn't get a chance to hit up Rehab this time but it definitely used to be worth it. I hear it has gone downhill lately. If you want to avoid the busloads of senior citizens and the family crowd, hit up the Hard Rock. The Palms is good too, but HRH is the original.
5	I'll preface this by saying that the drunken, stumbling 20-somethings walking around in matching bachelorette shirts dragging a passed-out bride in a ragged "suck for a buck" tank top that almost every low-rated review of the Hard Rock refers to, is us.  So if you're the type who is bothered by this conduct, you may not want to read my review, or at the very least, take it seriously.  I'd also suggest you book a room at Circus Circus next time you're in town.1. Rehab.  The reason we stay here.  Fabulous pool party- good looking (generally) young crowd and few or no children.  I've seen things going on in that pool that would make Ron Jeremy blush and I'm sure there is more urine in the water on Sundays than in all the urinals in India. (So if that sort of thing bothers you, I'd avoid getting wet)  Also- unless you are a stripper or in ridiculously good shape- this place will bring out body issues that you didn't even know you had. I recommend drinking through them. Oh, and always, but especially on holiday weekends, make sure you're not cramming extras (aka your cheap friends) into sleeping bags on the floor of your room because they only give you 4 wristbands per, and nobody wants to wait in the entry line.  Trust me.2. The rooms.  A decent enough size for the 4 of us girls.  Their beds are comfy enough to cradle my weak and broken self after an evening/early morning of way too many Patron shots and (only once) half a Xanax that I naively felt that I required at 5:30AM. (Extra points for the Rehab bathroom attendant for saying nothing the next day about my repeated visits to puke.) 3. Circle Bar, Mr. Lucky's, Pink Taco. Ah, what can I say? I've been picked up by a large man in lederhosen (the camera never lies), sold one of my girlfriends to a bartender for $5, and had many an 8AM cervesa in these fine establishments.  All worth checking out- have the carne asada tacos at Pink Taco.  4. The Casino Floor.  Not a gambler, so I can't really comment much here, but I will give points to the dealer that let my friend a. ash in her own drink, b. ash in my drink, c. spill her drink on the table, before asking us to leave. Got to love Vegas.5. Convenience.  Yes, it's off the strip- but if you play it right, you may never want to leave the hotel.  Let's be real folks, this is no place for kids. Let them grow up a bit so they can make their own bad decisions.
5	I love this casino... probably my favorite casino in Vegas.  It's all the way across town, but I still find myself here at LEAST once a week.  The Joint is a fantastic venue with great acts always coming through.  The dealers are friendly, and the supervisors always remember me.  They recently added go-go dancers to the table games pit, so you have something to watch while they take your money.  Hell, even the center bar is always packed, and the prices aren't bad either.One of the reasons I like the Hard Rock is that they're one of the few casinos in town that actually mail me stuff I can use -- free bets, food credits, free rooms.  I don't gamble THAT much, but not many other casinos hook me up.  Hard Rock does.Best part is that they FINALLY opened their poker room.  It's a very nice, well-run room, and I'm happy it's finally here.  Now if only I can actually not get unlucky and win money in their poker room, I'd really love this place.
5	My fave Casino this place rocks i love it the place just has an exciting feel to it all the rocker memorabilia the drinks are measured out so they are just perfect not to strong not to light my room was cool the Pink Taco and that Cool Hookah bar in it were really great i had a wonderful time here from what i can remember it was a wild night
1	I had my worst Vegas vacation while staying at the Hard Rock.  The front desk staff is unproffesional.  Their customer service is poor, when they make a mistake they don't try to apologize.  Their reservation system is outdated and will not even confirm whether you have a king size bed or two queens.  Their bell staff is great, but trying to call them I never was able to get through and they will try to nickle and dime you to death with their services even after you pay a resort fee.  Avoid this place and go someplace where they aren't full of themselves.
5	The Hard Rock Hotel is on a different level totally separate from Las Vegas.  Whenever I step foot into this hotel, I feel like I'm in a porn production filled with girls walking around in bikinis with double d breasts, 5 inch stilettos, and big hair.  So 5 stars for the view, and -5 stars for the annoying drunk guys that walk around flexing their fake tans.  With that being said, do not take your families and children here.  There's a reason why they placed this posh hotel way off the strip.It is also horridly dark in here.  To keep up with their rock star theme, they dim the lights awfully low.  After being in the sunlight for 5 hours coming back from Rehab, it takes awhile to adjust to complete darkness after stepping into the hotel.  Be careful of the elevators that are sectioned off.  I have seen many people run into the rope dividers and it's not a pretty sight.  Their queen sized beds have the extra plush pillow top!!  The best.
4	The Hardrock Hotel is one of those fun hotels where the young and wealthy go to play....do NOT bring your children here!!!I have stayed at the Hardrock several times, once VIP status, and once just regular girl...so we'll start with VIP :)We were picked up from the airport in the Hardrock limo, checked into our suite with an adjoining room with a pool view, and enjoyed a bottle of champagne. The room/suite was nice, fun decorations etc, but the Palms suites are better in my opinion.Non VIP service....check in at 330pm and are told our room won't be ready for an hour, (umm...hello,check in is at 3 bitch). Walk away in slight frustration, only to be called on my cell in five min, "your room is ready"...I feel like really? in five min you magically produce a room you didn't have five min ago? Walk back, get our keys, turns out we are on the top floor next to the bowling suite, (will discuss later). Get into our room, collapse on the cushy beds and decide our room was made for multiple girls getting ready, as there are TONS of mirrors WE ask for late check out, and they say 12...ok, good enough.***Huge plus for the black curtains that block out ALL traces of light....I mean really, those things were AMAZING!Now onto the bowling suite....while at Body English we made friend with this girl who was celebrating her bday, and she invited us up for some after hours fun. ...WELL, we walked into her like 12 room suite and there was a bowling alley, stripper poles, a huge hot tub and her own bar with a bar tender!!! OMG! I wish I could live like that everyday! Needless to say, we bowled, we ate, we drank until 6 when we left her suite and decided to take "porn star" pictures on the table in front of the window. Well, this is where the hooker/call girl found us and we ended up at Circle Bar.Overall, I like the Hardrock, and would totally go back and PARTY....but the Palms is still my favorite....the people just seemed prettier there...
4	Checked out what the Sunday Rehab Party buzz is all about on this hotel .  Nice rooms, sand pools, hot dealers, friendly staff, good music mix - house, rock, hip hop, ...  Tasty food and drinks (ie: chips & salsa, fajitas, steak tacos, margaritas) in the Pink Taco restaurant, ...One downside is the music could get really loud (like concert level) depending on where you are at the pool party.  Just cover your ears when you pass thru those huge tower speakers.
5	3 Reasons the Hard Rock is just the Hippest Debauchery Zone in Vegas:1. The best looking hookers in Vegas - they all look like Pussycat Dolls on their heroin break, with cleverly done boob jobs and botoxed poofy lips, sauntering along with a feline bumpity bump that broadcasts "Skank and Proud", porn stars who like their job. If you can't pick out a hooker in 30 seconds at the HR then you're asexual as an amoeba.  2. Pool parties all weekend - if you don't mind wading through muddy brown water full of drunken lusty crowds of thrusting painfully beautiful spring break escapists all trying to have sex with each other.  Was this what ancient Rome was like near the end?3. The people really are better looking here, mostly Socals, mostly fit and tan and Aryan and OC/Hills Abercrombie.  Too bad they're also mostly deuche bags!I was going to try to make this funny but I've got nothing right now, I'm spent.  I'll try to fix this later.
4	Consider this review for the Hard Rock Hotel event staff.  They are top notch.  We had a corporate function here in one of the large meeting halls.The staff handled the catering and ran the open bar (no watered down drinks or snarky bartenders here) with aplomb.  Service was consistently spot on and seamless.The food was very good for a large catered event.I highly recommend the Hard Rock as a unique place to hold corporate meetings and events.
4	Have you ever lain on a bed and never wanted to get up? We went to Hair Wars this past weekend and stayed at the Hard Rock.  The bed was DIVINE!  I rarely get a good night's sleep at a hotel.  The decor in the room was really contemporary.  Flat-screen TV built into the wall.  Even a little "magic door" that had the internet connection for your laptop.  And then...trumpets and drum roll, please...the bed!  Sunk right in.  Firm but not hard pillows.  The comforter...well, I almost took it home with me!The bathtub was HUGE.  I would have invited a special guest to share the bath experience with me, but I was there with my boss and Jenni from work.  OMG the funniest thing?  Two little cans of AXE on the sink.  What is this, Scottsdale douche?  Ha!Everyone working there was friendly (probably because we were the only non-drunk-obnoxious people in the place.)I would definitely stay here again.Minus one star for the doors being so thin, I could hear every drunk bastard come in at 4am.  Hey, we had just come in ourselves, so it didn't totally ruin anything.Oh, and how can you not enjoy spotting Evil Dick from Big Brother, walking around all day and night, by himself?  I think he was hoping someone would notice him.  Hell, even Jenni from work had to tell me who he was.  I had no clue.  If it's not about me...
4	The party is definitely here!  This is one of those casinos where it just doesn't matter that the VP pay tables are just not that great.  The music and atmosphere more than make up for it!  At night you have go-go dancers, hottie dealers and a great crowd.  In the morning it's relatively peaceful and the cocktail waitresses bring you Baileys in your Starbucks, YUM!The staff could not be more friendly and helpful.And maybe the best part?  The fact that no one cared when they saw a girl in the mens room checking out the way cool hand dryer!
5	I love this hotel. its not for everyone but perfect for me. modern, cool, great music and the greatest pool on the planet. I been coming to the Hard Rock Las Vegas for almost 10 years. I always have a great time. it has the reputation of catering to the 20 something guys and girls. its hetero friendly. I am a 43 gay guy that feels at home here. spent 20+ nights this year. love the chief concierge I love the center bar and I love that its  busy at 5am. I can styay free at many Hilton propertys in vegas but pay to stay at the Hard Rock Las Vegasits party time!Glenn Turner
5	This was a great place to stay.  I loved the layout of the hotel.  The room was nice and had a nice view.  Even though it's so far off of the strip, it has enough to do there without having to go to the strip.I have to say the highlight of my trip was when I had to run upstairs to grab something from my room and shared an elevator with Dave Navarro!  My husband was screaming my name to make sure I saw him so that when we both entered the elevator he was very cool and just smiled at me.  On our ascent he casually said, "What's up, Tina?"  I responded with a casual, "Nothing much.  What's up with you, Dave?"That's what is great about the Hard Rock.  There are celebrities everywhere and they are mostly pretty cool.  I would definitely stay there again.
5	Man, I love gambling here. Put me on a Craps table here and I am ready to go!  Saw Artie Lange here in the joint a few years back and loved it.  He got so drunk he could barely finish his show.  Awesome Artie!!!Pool is freakin great and I love the bar  right in the center of the casino.I would come back anytime! Now give me some comps!!!
3	The hotel is acceptable, I can't complain too much since it was comped. However, I would have a lot to say otherwise. A few observations during out stay- There's some construction going on right now and you cannot enter the parking structure directly from the front entrance, but they didnt' put any signs up telling how to get to the structure. (or maybe i was just blind?)- right when you step in the hotel from parking structure, it smells like wet kitchen towel... seems like it's cuz of the wet paint smell combining with the food smell from pink taco and AJ's steak house, it was quite unpleasant.- Got upgraded to a large pool view room right in the center. I guess it would be nice if it's August, but not so much for November.- Bathtub is clogged, water pressure changes depending on your neighbor's useage of water (this does not even happen in my old SD apartment!!! let alone a "nice' hotel),  very old style heater in room (the non digital ones you have to spin the dial), very nice TV but does not work properly - they really need to fix their channeling system.- It was a busy Saturday for Vegas and no line for Body English at midnight. (that must mean something ... )- overpriced 24/7 cafe and way overpriced starbucks, especially when this hotel is off the strip.enough said, I'll have to come back again in summer to check out the hot chicks by the pool to see why everyone likes it so much...
3	I stayed at the Hard Rock twice and I think the first time was ok....this second time, we were "upgraded" free to a "better" room....the bathroom ceiling was cracked and there was a huge hole in it, the mirror was warped, and there was a trident gum wrapper there from the previous guests the ENTIRE stay!  We could hear our neighbors in the next room talking late at night and the construction started every morning at 6 am on the dot!  I had to beg for shampoo, but had unlimited amounts of lotion..........15 tubes of lotion and 1 tube of shampoo!  I thought the staff was nice though....casino was ok.....mr. lucky's was eh......I don't know if I'll stay again.
2	If you want posh/classy, this is not the place for you.  We went for my boyfriend's work and everything was free for us.The rooms were okay, but for me what happens on the first floor is paramount and of the utmost importance.  There wasn't really a classy bar to sit at.. very geared towards the football crowd.  Rowdy crowd.The pool was nice, but definitely not the spa- laid -back experience. Young crowd waiting for a party to happen.  My boyfriend and I went to the the pool and left his new cell poolside next to our chairs.  We discovered an hour after we got back into the room that we had left it.  The 3 boys that were sitting in our chairs, when we went back to the pool, didn't own up to taking the phone.  It was after we played a trick on them (my boyfriend rang the phone and I kept a close watch) that they then turned in the phone to us.  A bit disheartening...
4	Great place to stay off the main strip.  Was there with a bunch of guys, and I recommend Hard Rock as a place to stay when in Vegas with the boys.  The hotel room was standard to slightly above average, but the main hotel lobby area is very upbeat.  Music was a little bit loud and I had to go outside when using my cell phone.  If you are into the party scene, you have to check out  their famous REHAB pool party on Sunday afternoon.  You'll never experience anything like it anywhere.
3	Perfect for a bachelors party, and thats what we did.  My now bro-in-law hosted his BP at the Hard Rock.  I had so much fun here.  The pool is excellent!  Centrally located on the main drag and parties everywhere you go.  Probably not great for a quiet romantic getaway, but if you want a fast, fun filled vacation, stop by the Hard Rock.
3	It's a nice hotel if you don't plan on sleeping.Pros:-comfy bed-awesome shower head-variety of restaurantsCons:-airplane flying over head 24/7-there is no quiet area for work if you were looking to do any
1	Sad that I have to do this, but......1 star it is. I requested late check out, was granted late check out, but once I got home I discovered they charged my credit card for another night. I thought perhaps it was a mistake, so I called. They told me I didn't leave the room until the following morning. I sent them my flight information proving I was not in the room.....all they did was tell me to open a credit card dispute!!!! BOOO Hardrock, not only did you hang up on me multiple times, but you have no customer service at all.
4	One of the most exciting, happening spots in Vegas.  Got a room on the top floor overlooking the strip.  We stayed for a few nights and had a blast.  The casino is one big circle which works well.  As you might expect, the clientele is mostly young adults.  Attractive young adults actually.  I don't remember seeing any families or kids.  There really is no reason to leave this hotel since it has cool restaurants-Lucky, Starbucks, Nobu, Pink Taco, etc.  The center bar is a fun place to chill and people watch.  Its also a meat market....LOL  Oh and I didn't even mention the pool area...
4	I was expecting this place to be crawling with drunk assholes but it was actually not like that at all.  It definitely had a young vibe which made it fun but the rooms were much nicer than i expected, the bed and linens were so comfy and service was very good.If I had a complaint it would be that the reception staff weren't the most helpful, I kept hearing "talk to expedia" which was annoying, I mean sure I booked through expedia but I'm still staying at your hotel, you have some control over it!  Also they have a policy of no outside drinks, food, beverages etc, but it's easy to get past that, just don't carry in huge sacks of booze!  put it in another bag and no one will hassle you.Oh and it IS off the strip so be prepared to cab everywhere!!
2	i know times are tough but come on...paying $13.99 a day, p e r computer for wifi!!!  gimme a break. hard rock you used to be soo cool. i remember you back in the day, you treated me good. now look at you - take take take!!!
5	I consider myself a temperate man, but this place is wickedly seductive. Guys, it may not be the best idea to come here with your girl or wife, because I have never drooled so much in my life. The girls working here raised the temperature in the room significantly. The fishnets and skimpy leathery outfits may have had something to do with the erratic climate I experienced. If I were a gambling man--I could have easily lost my life savings at the black jack table and thought it worth it for playing a few hands with the dealers. I think most of the casinos in Vegas are just kind of silly and overdone. I love that about them. I love to people watch and breathe in the bizarre nature of their environments. This place, however, makes you feel like a rock star. The place looks cool, the people working it look REALLY cool and there is awesome music playing. A lot of potential trouble could brew here. As my friend and I were leaving we saw a sign that said Sundays the girls are dressed in school girl uniforms and there is complimentary champagne. I've never hated Monday so much in my life!
4	because of circumstances that were outta my hand we only stayed here for 1 night and then moved to MGM Grand (read my review on that). I lived in vegas for 6 months and have never been to Hard Rock till this past weekend... crazy right? this hotel is made for young party people... for real. there are beautiful girls everywhere (patrons) cool rock memorabilia all over the place and girls dancing on poles right above the slot machines. what else could you want? our room was sweet. flat screen tv comfy bed, good view, condoms and lube in the drawer, and the shower head was at least 6'9 (im 6'4 and i didnt have to slouch down to get under the shower head which was a relief) i saw tony gonzalez from the KC Chiefs at the Pink Taco restaurant inside Hard Rock with like 10 girls all over 9's.... life aint fair i tell ya!! lol but i'll definitely be back here. hopefully next time for longer. only reason why i gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because its a little small, it's not on the strip, and you can hear planes flying over the hotel all day... but other than that, is A okp.s. i STRONGLY advise NOT touching anything inside the fridge when your in your room... all the items inside there is are placed on top of an electronic sensor so once you pick it up (you dont even have to consume it) you automatically get charged... and it aint cheap... so be careful!
1	This is one hotel that will not be on my favorite list. It's definitely a hotel for a very young crowd. When walking to my room I noticed a mattress outside one of the rooms which screamed tacky. The next day when leaving my hotel room to grab lunch downstairs, I noticed a bunch of trays with breakfast food and late night snacks lying on the floor (and it stayed there well into the afternoon). I immediately realized that positive first impressions were not this hotel's number one priority for its customers. I would only recommend this hotel to a 20 something crowd looking for a serious place to party.
1	I'm tired of this hotel. Almost everytime I come to Vegas, I end up staying here. I was here this past weekend and service was horrible. I was here with some friends and we asked for towels and an iron and it took at least one hour. We told them we need a room with 2 beds and we only got one the first night. Next night, they told us they will upgrade to a suite and we wind up with a one-bedroom suite. Better stay at Hilton!
3	I am so so so spoiled when it comes to vegas. This place will be great for anyone who hasnt stayed at The palms. We stayed there last time and had the time of our lives. So when we decided to stay somewhere new we tried here, it was underwelming, nothing bad, just NOT the palms.We took a cab over and ended up spending most of our time over there anyway, so that was good. One thing they have that the palms does not is Britney Spears Hit me Baby one more time outfit encased at the entrance, I loved it!But take it from me, go to The Palms!
4	We (bachelor party) decided on Hard Rock based on the atmosphere and the reason many of us wanted to go to Vegas........to, "Party like a Rockstar!".  Hard Rock came through in that respect but this is no Bellagio or Venetian so make sure you understand your true needs before deciding on Hard Rock.  Unfortunately, we were early (it was March) and Rehab was still over a month away but there's always a next time.As for Hard Rock Hotel, I'll lay down my pros and cons in point form:Pros:- Checked in and spoke to a "Heather". Her smile & attitude were a great way to begin the Vegas getaway.  She was courteous and offered her assistance if I had any questions regarding the Hard Rock scene or Vegas nightlife.- I had no issues with the room itself.  Comfy beds for those long, extremely drunk nights/mornings.  If I can recall, there were 4-5 pillows per bed.  Having an ORGY with 4-5 pillows at 8am in the morning is SOOO worth it! Especially after a night of drinking or an after hours joint like Drai's.- Had a poolside view and just like I was told, there was construction going on to extend the pool.  By the looks of it, REHAB is going to be even bigger!  To be honest, I wasn't annoyed by the noise when I was sleeping (didn't hear much) but I'll have to blame that on the long nights we had. - The vibe? Thursday, Friday and Saturday evenings were "poppin" at the Center Bar and gambling tables.  Not to mention,  music and pussycat doll themed dancers on stripper poles.  As for other Hard Rock patrons staying at the hotel, there are some or many great looking people to meet and talked to.- Body English on Sundays!- Starbucks...if you're a fan.- I had no issues with the food quality from certain restaurants (ie. Mr. Lucky's & Pink Taco).  Nice to have a 24/7 restaurant like Mr. Lucky's right in your hotel. That way you don't have to venture out looking for one. Pricey but let's be realistic, this is Vegas people.Cons:- At this point in time, ongoing construction.- It would be nice if the Hard Rock staff would check all hallways at closer intervals and take away food trays by doors, etc. No matter what age, if you're in your 20s, 30s or 40s, if your "mindset" is to party and be around a young party type crowd, HRH should do just fine.
3	Ok, I would NEVER stay here during peak times, but for a mid-week trip in August, it was just fine.  Lots of cool stuff to look at in the casino, Pink Taco and Body English right at your doorstep, a nice pool, and decent rooms with really comfortable beds.  It's not my first choice, but it's not bad, either.
2	The room was disappointing. It's filled with overpriced snacks and water. i.e. $4.50 for bottled water. Go across the street to CVS. The bathroom has no countertop to put any toiletries, just a sink. You will hear quite a bit of jet noise since you're close to the airport, plus noisy guests in the hall. Lower floors with "mountain view" rooms will not be able to see over the new Joint in front of the hotel. The beds are comfortable though. The casino is small and easy to navigate. The clientele seems to be 20 somethings. The casino has a few restaurants but there are better priced options elsewhere, though the wait staff were friendly. The best part of the casino is the pool area. Be warned there is construction going on around the pool but it wasn't obtrusive. Drink prices are pricy. $7 for a can of Heineken. The bartenders and staff are very nice though. There is a shuttle that runs every half hour to the Showcase Mall (next to MGM) from 11am to 9pm. You can catch it from in front of the Hard Rock Cafe. If you don't have a car taxi rides to and from the strip will run you about $10 plus. It is not close enough to walk. Be warned this place charges you a $7.63 a day "resort fee". Whatever that is. They don't tell you about this, but you'll see it when you check out. I don't know what you get for this undisclosed fee but won't get a coffee maker, or even a pen and notepad.
4	If you want to relax and rest, this is not your place! Go to Bellagio or Wynn. If you want too be wild and have the "What happens in Vegas" kinda trip, go to  the Hard Rock! The sky is the limit. Your stay can be the stuff of legends! PERIOD. nuff said.
5	Stayed there for a week last year and totally enjoyed every amenity.. Has great atmosphere and hotel room was great. Went back this week and stopped by the bar but too packed on a Sunday night.. Went to wasted space.. thoroughly recommend it...
1	We were there to celebrate the Extreme Home Makeover Behind the Scenes party.  The hotel was kind enough to donate the place for this event.  And the event itself was great!  But, when we asked where the closest drinking fountain was, we were told that, "There is nothing in this hotel for free.  If you want water, you've got to buy it."  A 6 oz glass of water was $5.  Just a glass of ice would have been $5.  So if you plan on staying at this hotel, bring your own water with you or buy some at the drugstore nearby.  There were drinking fountains out by the pool, but they had been disconnected.  SAD.
4	Wow. I will tell you why I would have given this five stars.This place just doesn't stop partying, there is a very young crowd as well, I could tell I was not the only one here to celebrate spring break/ my 21st birthday. The staff here are always smiling, and always pleasant. They will do just about anything to make your stay more pleasurable. When we first arrived to the hotel, a very drunken lady came up to my boyfriend (ladies do not leave your man alone here) and began to kiss his cheeks and hold him with a ninja grip, though I quickly intervened, the staff quickly called security and took care of the situation, they apologized a lot for that, so I wont take away that 5th star for that because that drunk lady (at 7 at night mind you) was not their fault.The odds at the tables are great, and this was of course my first time gambling, every one of the people helped us out and taught us how to play, taught us the rule book, and helped us make our betting decisions. I walked away with a couple hundred bucks, and I am not complaining. And all of the bartenders are very nice and recommend their fav drinks if you ask them. When I went to the luxor, they were a little bitchy about suggesting anything. And the drink the luxor guy suggested was GROSS. The only down side:-18 dollars for one cape cod cocktail!!!-music playing non stop, I think they stop playing it only between the hours of 4am and 10am. Not enough for me thank you. And it seems to be the same playlist?-Non stop smoke....but thats Vegas for you. My lungs hurt!
5	I like this hotel during the week, so it isn't that wild. The vibe of this hotel is what I like. It is so hip and cool. I also like that it is smaller, and not on the strip. All of the restaurants are AMAZING! The staff is also very friendly.Not sure when this changed, but now you have to pay for your drinks even if you play video poker at the bar. They will throw in a couple freebies, but I always thought if you were playing, they were buying...Huh. Doesn't matter because I am not a big drinker or gambler.The rooms are nice and plush. The bed and pillows were super comfy. The only thing about the rooms I didn't like is the water in the shower never got super hot.Anyway, I would absolutely recommend. And it is much quieter mid week. The pool rocks too!
1	WE WERE SCAMMED!  We were guests at the Hard Rock and while we were in the elevator, we were approached by a hotel 'promoter' who offered us a free dinner at Rare 120.  He made us 'reservations'.  When we showed up, we were placed on a wait list.  When we complained about waiting 30-45 mins since we had a reservation, we were told they could seat us right away in the dining room (WHAT???- where were our reservations for ???).  They sat us promptly in the dining room and proceeded to tell us sorry for the inconvenience, they would comp us a round of drinks.  When I inquired about the comp'd meal, the manager(?) proceeded to tell me that was avail only in the lounge and was only a side salad and sliced meat (wtf?).  I brought along a client, and was just too embarrassed to ask what was going on.  We proceeded to order off the menu and our meals were not comp'd as promised.  We were tricked into a $500+plus dinner.  We felt completely SCAMMED and LIED TO.  It was a trick to get us into a Hard Rock restaurant and never in my life have I been so appalled.  Hard Rock, are you really that desperate to keep people in your hotel that you LIE to your guests?
3	Does the HRH make me feel young?  Or does it fall into the ITOFTS (I'm too old for this shit) category?   YOUNG:Music and atmosphere is great.Very strong drinks, served by very hot cocktail waitresses.The pool situation.  You know what I mean.Getting hit on at Center Bar.Hell's Belles.  What a great way to play shitty 6:5 blackjack.Mr. Lucky's.  24 hour great food.  Important.Standard rooms are big enough for a good party.  50 inch plasma. French doors that open to let the fumes out.Love Jones.  I love that place.  Quick walk across the street to Club Paradise.  Woooot!The clientele. OLD:Music is waaaaay loud. Great, but LOUD.  Seems louder in the morning.  I dunno.The pool situation.  If you're over 25, you know what I mean.Body English:  ITOFTS.  No doubt about it.  The most important thing in that big standard room with the 50 inch plasma?  The beds are super comfy.Getting hit on at Center Bar.  Are they kidding me??  I have CHILDREN!! The video poker and blackjack sucks.  And it's starting to matter to me. More than the atmosphere. The clientele.  IN CONCLUSION:  I still feel the love for this place, but was forced to drop it one Liz-Star (TM) due to my own inability to cope.
3	i went to a concert here once and met a few famous people like a wrestler named moon dog and a flock of seagulls it was coool to hang out there.
5	I would have never thought they could make this place any better.  And they just did.  What's next I ask you?  Fire and brimstone coming down from the skies?  Rivers and seas boiling?  40 years of darkness?  Earthquakes, volcanoes, the dead rising from the grave?  Human sacrifices?  Dogs and cats living together?  Mass hysteria?  Okay, maybe not all that, at least not in the next week, but if you haven't been here you simply must come back in August when the Paradise Tower suites are available.I'm not particularly savvy on describing "stuff", quoting lines from movies is my shtick.  For more detailed information on what the changes look like, Interweb yourself over to:http://hardrock.creeldigitaledition.com/issues/1/Bottom line, my favorite place to stay in Vegas.  You know, when the walls start closing in and the forces of evil have begun to prevail, it becomes appropriate for one to take a step back from themselves and view life from a macro perspective.  Some would prefer to seek answers at a shrine or temple, I may have found mine at the card tables.Reborn, we made the trek home.  There was only one road back to L.A. - U.S. Interstate 15. Just a flat-out high speed burn through Baker and Barstow and Berdoo. Then onto the Hollywood Freeway, and straight on into frantic oblivion. Safety. Obscurity. Just another freak, in the freak kingdom...
1	It was one of those times when you walk in, look around, then walk right on back out.
3	Don't let the bland, unassuming exterior fool you.  Once you step into the doors of the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, you'll find yourself on one of the coolest casino floors in the area.  They toned down the amount of lame looking slot machines, which does a lot to create a chiller vibe.  They're pumping some great tunes as well, which is fitting considering the name.They don't overdo it on the rock memorabilia, so this place remains fairly kitsch free.  The rock "artifacts" just serve as neat accents to the room.  Although I know that there's one around, I couldn't find the actual Hard Rock Cafe on premise.  (Not that I was dying to find it mind you... just curiosity.  Also, my exploration of the property was fairly limited.)  However, they do have a Mexican restaurant called the Pink Taco, which may take it for dirtiest sounding restaurant name on the planet.
4	Last time I was at the Hard Rock was when I turned 21.  Now, I'm back again because my little brother just turned 21.  See a pattern here?Don't get me wrong, I dig this hotel. But there's something about seeing young women throw up on the casino floor, or, get carried out of shows like a sack of potatoes, that is not very appealing to me.  C'mon ladies keep it together!You know why people are so sloppy at night though?  Because the pool is crazy.  And, it's crazy in a good way.  They play good music and the crowd is young and fun and everyone is just there to have a good time.  And, when you spend 6 hours in 100 degree heat drinking one alcoholic beverage after another, your gonna be pretty sloppy come nighttime.The BEDS!  Omg, probably the most comfortable hotel bed I have EVER slept in.  White fluffy soft goodness. Heaven in a bed. If you get lucky enough to have a pool view the patio (not that you can really walk out on one at all) is cute entertaining.A few things I noticed about the hotel that didn't match to my last time:-No music in the elevators?-No music under the water in the pool?-A/C in room had a cover that kept falling off - annoying-Drain in room also made mystery burping noiseI checked out Mr. Lucky's 24/7 (in hotel cafe open 24 hours!), the joint (inside concert venue) for the chelsea handler show, rare 120 (the new in hotel steakhouse) and body english (the hotel club).  All were VERY good and deserve their own reviews - but overall ALL the perks to this hotel rock... no pun intended.I'll come back for sure.  The "paradise towers" addition is scheduled to open in August and I'm looking forward to seeing the next phase of this adult fun house.
5	When my gfs and I came here back in February a few months ago, we met a sugar daddy who lost $6000 at a black jack poker and basically comped him a free room and gave it to us! Pretty sweet huh? I love their Do not disturb sign, I wish I took one home as a souvenir. The rooms are pretty sweet, their sheets and down comforters were sooo comfortable, the bathroom is a nice size, although I'm spoiled from the Wynn suite bathrooms now! This hotel is a very fun place, especially for the younger crowd.I love their rock memorabilia decors, guitars, and more. They have good selections of restaurants such as Pink Taco(where we met sugar daddy and friends) and Mr. Lucky's(where we ate the day after our debauchery) I haven't experienced Rehab(pool party) yet, but next time I will definitely check it out!
3	Let's start off with the fact being on the strip in Las Vegas is very key for most people on a weekend getaway with no car. That IMO is minus a star right off the bat, being highly inconvenient to get around and ridiculously located. Some of casino looks plush and new. Other areas look almost outta the 90's Planet Hollywood-ish decor. Another minus star, because it seems like some parts of the hotel are neglected definitely not up to par with the big shots in Vegas. Now let's get into the plus factors of The Hard Rock. Interesting ideas on dining and playing during the day. Their pool being my own little desert oasis but it's 18$ for a watered down margarita. Pits! I enjoyed the Pink Taco for lunch grabbing a chicken quesadilla, and at night you can get tipsy at Body English. The rooms seem decent but nothing too exciting, the bed was comfy from what I observed. The Hard Rock just doesn't do it for me, but to each their own. I'm sure I will be back there again for Rehab or sunning at the pool.
5	Best hotel on the strip! This place doesnt win the catergory for price, food, size or decor, but its personality and the crowd add great value. The casino sets a great mood with rock playing while dancers in skimpy outfits do their thing next to the craps table. Upon entering this place I truly felt I was in VEGAS! Its nightclub Body English was really great (attended a wednesday nite house music party.) The pool is the main attraction here, tho i missed its Sunday Rehab party, I found the monday Relax party to be a great experience. Drinks were no bargain but free entrance for staying at the hotel helped offset this. The simple reason you can lure talent up to your room in under a minute from the pool is reason enough to make sure you stay here, the simple yet clean decor in each room adds to the value. The casino is full of young girls who are looking for a good time and the staff at this casino was better then almost anywhere else I went on the strip, from dealer to front desk to room attendants, everyone had a nice friendly attitude. My stay here was only interrupted twice by a jackhammer noise, the first being my friend plowing and slapping an animal stripper, the 2nd being construction going on at 10am on the new towers added nextdoor.
3	Food - 2/5Service - 2/5Price - 5/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: 7/7/7 Steak & ShrimpWith all the gambling, partying, and shopping that happens in Vegas, it's only natural to try to find the best deals. This to me is a hidden gem. Inside the Hard Rock (which is off the strip), there is a restaurant called Lucky's where you can get a plate of Steak and Shrimp for $7.77, salad and mashed potatoes are also included. That's pretty much the best deal in town, especially if you consider a big mac on the strip is about 5 dollars.
4	This casino and the Palms are my two favorites.  Not overwhelmingly large and impersonal, the music rocks, and the cocktail servers are quite generous.  And though i havent heard of it until reading these reviews just now,  that $7.77 steak deal sounds unbelievable.However, i wouldnt go so far as to recommend the hotel.  I stayed here for three nights of a psuedo spring break once and it was waaay to much to deal with.  i guess i'm not 21 years old anymore.
3	My only time in Vegas was for work and we happened to stay at the Hard Rock. The week day crowd is completely different from the Thurs-Sun people. The Hard Rock is not located on the strip, however the main bar area is probably one of the best spots to grad a drink while in Vegas. The night club is your typical dull, get drunk and try to hook up with someone in Vegas nightclub. The atmosphere there though makes it more of a prime hang out area and being off the strip gives it some uniqueness to it.The surrounding neighborhoods are pretty shady and there is a horrendous strip club that looks like it has the same strippers since the 50s still dancing.
4	I like the Hard Rock, but it is a little overrated in my book. The events are what keep this place on top. Great concerts, the Rehab pool party, and trendy spots give the HRH a great, hip feel and make it a fun place to be.The casino is decorated in musicians outfits and instruments. It is loud and loose. The restaurants are good.The rooms are small, dark and look like they were furnished by IKEA. This is a great place to gamble, dine, drink or just hang - but I suggest sleeping elsewhere.
4	I stayed in the Hard Rock's new Paradise Tower last weekend.  I liked it, but not as much as I was hoping.   I think I was comparing it too much to the rooms at Palms Place, which I really love.First of all, this new construction has totally ruined the original look of the Hard Rock.  I liked the single white hotel tower. But, now it's obstructed by the new Joint & 2 modern hotel towers on each side.Now onto the room in the Paradise Tower - The route you have to take to even get to your room in the Paradise Tower is really long.  But, maybe they will fix that after all the construction is done.The lighting in the bathroom/mini bar/closet section is just horrible.  Good lighting in a hotel bathroom is a MUST!The bathroom is divided into 2 sections - one section is a toilet/shower, and the other is a double vanity section.  I like the idea of that, but the toilet/shower section is too small.  I smashed my foot at one point with that obnoxious door.  I did like the stainless steel door handle, though.  I like the double sink vanity, but the actual sink/faucet is terrible.  I've never seen so much water splash onto the countertops.  Plus, the countertops are black, so when the water is splashed it leaves a bad hard water looking stain.  There should be a maid in the room at all times wiping down the countertop.The rooms do have hair dryers & irons, but they should have bought the ones that have retractable cords.  Oh, and that noisy ironing board was like nails on a chalk board.Noise!  Usually when I go to a hotel I like to get a good night sleep.  Don't expect that in the Paradise Tower.  The conversations in the room next door could clearly be heard, as well as the ones out in the hallway.I did like the view from the room, which was a partial view of the strip.Next time I stay at the Hard Rock, I will just stay in the original tower.  I think the rooms are cheaper there anyway.5 Stars for the friendly staff!  Everyone says hello, and asks how your stay is.
2	I took the very nice Hard Rock shuttle from the strip to Hard Rock to check it out, after my brother insisted I see the memorabilia there. I have been in Hard Rocks all over, so I wasn't really in a rush to get there, but I thought Id see what they have, since I had not been to the Vegas one  before. Walking into the casino/hotel part was loud with a very "Spring Break, clubby, drunk idiot kids all over" kinda feel. Not my thing.  At 33, I seemed to have outgrown the immature, drinking, partying, craziness that is over there. I appreciate a fine hotel, and relaxing on vacation, and taking in what great things there are to do on the strip, and in the hotels, rather than the cycle of "Pool all day, Drink, Club all night, Drink, repeat. Lol. I feel you can have that kind of trip anywhere. That being said, I was there to see what guitars and items they had. I walked around the restaurant and casino, took some pics of stuff, and left. It was very overrated. They had more interesting stuff to see at the NYC HR. They had many brand new bands at the Vegas location, that I could really care less about. I was there to see classic bands, and bands/artists that were important in changing music, or at least had hit singles and albums. Not bands that have been out 5 minutes and that might have had 1 hit song. After seeing the kind of people they have there, and what the environment was like, I would never stay there. Add to that how far they are from the strip, and HR can keep it. After I left HR, I went across the street to the amazing, raucous, fun of Hofbrahaus and had a great time and an amazing meal.
5	I absolutely loved this place.Our room was awesome, the beds were amazing, and there was a huge TV to watch football...Any place that has Bradley Nowell's report card gets 5 stars from me.I LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	Listen, you can stay at nicer places.  You can stay at places on the Strip.  You can do lots of things.  BUT YOU CANNOT PARTY HARDER  THAN YOU CAN AT THE HARD ROCK.  There is interesting Rock & Roll memorabilia all over the place, they are almost always playing good music, and the crowd likes to have a good time.  Oh, yeah, and the pool is the BOMB.  I'm a fan of the gaming floor in that it's not overwhelming.  It's large enough for a good party, but not too large that you get lost in it.  Places like the MGM, Bellagio, Paris, etc, gimme a break.  It's like a clusterfukc in those places sometimes.  The Hard Rock's gaming floor is a circle, and easy to navigate.  And in the center of the circle?  A bar. I do like to venture out and check the Vegas sights now and again, but when I come back at 5am, it's so nice to walk into the always friendly Hard Rock.The Hard Rock boasts some sweet restaurants.  The 24 hour diner is nice for the 3am munchies, or the 10am breakfast.  No better sushi in Vegas than NOBU.  Italian eats at AGO.  Happy Hour Mexican at the Pink Taco.I've been to the Hard Rock a couple of times to see concerts (Franz Ferdinand, Kings of Leon) at the Joint, and it's so nice to be able to just jaunt up to your room and mix a drink or whatever before or after the show and be right back in the thick of it when you come down.The Paradise Tower is worth the extra money so that you get the pool view - it's better than the "Mountain View" which is actually a view of the parking lot.  Also, check hotels.com for some good deals on bookings...I'm just gonna say it:  If you like to party, this is the spot to be.
3	it's better than the one in San diego...or shall i say...it's just bigger. Would i STAY here again?? probably not...i'd just go for REHAB.
4	Great vibe.  Wasted Space is a nice spot to catch shows, as well as the main music venue (The Joint).  The rooms are affordable.  The food at Pink Taco is tasty.  The pool is fun for people watching.  It feels like a party 24 hours a day here.If you want luxury and relaxation, don't stay here.  If you want to party and meet other young people in the same mindset, this is arguably the best place in Vegas.  Personally, I stay elsewhere and come here for some gambling and drinking from time to time.Keep in mind that the hotel is actually pretty small (at least until the expansion is complete).  Therefore, rooms tend to book up early during busy dates unlike some of the monster hotels on the Strip.I attended a bachelor party that was held in the hotel a few years ago.  One of the rooms we had featured a stripper pole and a pool table.  Super classy stuff!  Keep that in mind if you are taking somebody to Vegas that you really want to impress, like a mother-in-law.
1	Oh dear, lesson learned....I booked a special at the Hardrock fro $41 a night for 3 nights....well, we weren't allowed to check in until 5:30....yea, 5:30....so to make up for it, we were bumped up to a poolside room instead of mountain view....well, my bill ended up being $324!!!!! I may be bad at math....but not that bad....$41 a night does not equal $300+!!!! Not only did they charge us for the upgrade, but apparently the soap,shampoo and conditioner are for sale....not complimentary like every other hotel....even Motel5!!!! Yes, $50 mini bar charge for soap and shampoo!!! I will NOT be back at the Hardrock unless someone else is paying and dealing with this absurd hotel!Should have learned my lesson last time....
2	I stayed for one night here before leaving LV. Most significant annoyance, NOISE NOISE NOISE! Yes, you are in your room and it is private in that sense, but the intrusion of neighboring noise is as if their just in your room. I stayed on the pool side and balconies were nice during the day to step out for a bit. But not good at night when you have a bunch of drunk guys/gals outside screaming across balconies at 1AM.What's Inside?-Standard shower/bathtub combo-Sink is so wierd, its like something you'd find by fishing dock for you to clean the guts out of fish.-Shampoo/Conditioner/Soup. The big bottle Shampoo/Conditioner are not free. They will charge you if you use it.-Convenient Bar: snacks/bevs per charge.-Bose stereo: bring your Audio CDs, sound is terrible. Back has audio RCA plugs for output device (iPod/Zune/iPhone)-Plasma TV-DeskPROS:-Bose system was the only thing I was happy about.-Bed was comfortable-CVS neighboringCONS:-Noise-Shower was cramped-Not conveniently located on strip, a few block behind PH
4	3 1/2 Stars.Yes I know it's not centrally located, it is not the biggest, flashiest nicest hotel out there but all I cared about after experiencing Planet Hollywood is good costumer service.We had a horrible experience with costumer service in the planet Hollywood so we switched for Wynn (which was full) so stayed 1 night at Hard Rock Hotel. Yes, it was all about customer service! For my surprise customer service was sweet, gentle & nice.They really cared, room service was fast & efficient as well. That aside, room was way more upscale than room in Planet Hollywood (comparing apples to apples).  Furniture were all contemporary & it had a flat HD TV.It also had a jacuzzi bath, new carpets & paint.And it was still close enough to our clubs.The Casino was not super fancy shmancy, theme is a lil dull, people are defiantly something else yet down to earth. We did not care about all of that coause this place made us feel at home!I am usually not generous with my stars but Hard Rock Hotel, thank you for your help. You rock!!Ohh & yes, I agree with Amy P, don't be friends with Carmen Electra unless you want to have bad hair. LOLYaaaaaallla bye!
4	I usually stay here when I'm in Vegas for opening day and closing day of REHAB. I usually party a lot more when I am in Vegas. I love this hotel because across the street, theres a small plaza with a CVS (buy booze, snack, etc) and restaurants that tastes delicious. So far this is the Hotel where you'll bump into Celebrities in the elevators who's staying at the same hotel. probably my one of my favorite hotel to stay at when i'm visiting.Mr. Lucky is a good place to eat its open 24/7 just inc ase you crave a milkshake or some food and Pink Taco is pretty good when drunk or sober. =PI give it a 4 star because its not located on strip and you will have to cab it to the strip or style yourself with a limo. But it is down the street from the Airport (YAY)
2	Am I in New Jersey?I'm not?Are you sure?I can't even see the strip from here, I don't believe you.That guy has a fucking Ed Hardy tattoo. I'm definitely in Jersey right now.
4	What a great place! We arrived at 7PM and since we drove we were exhausted. Personally I must shower after any road trip. This time I also needed to take a short power nap before stepping out on the town. The girl that checked us in was very pleasant and even upgraded our room for us. We had to get by a guard named Rodney at the hotel entrance. We showed him our keys and he ushered us in. He started offering suggestions about where to go and even offered to call ahead to put us on the guest list (add a star for that!).  We declined and told him that we would stop by later after we changed.Got into the room and were surprised with some of the amenities. The bed was plush and very comfortable. Next to the bed was an adapter to plug our i-phone into so we could listen to music. The shower was huge with glass doors. We had a beautiful view and bathrobes were hung neatly in the wardrobe closet. I loved the colour scheme that was used, more of the dark black and greys. Granted we didn't spend much time in the room but it was clean, and the staff was great. My friend surprised me by ordering breakfast to be delivered in the morning and it arrived right on time. He said that they had a pretty good menu but for me it's all about coffee first thing in the morning. I read some of the other reviews about the hotel being off the strip but it was a nice place. Most of the people that were downstairs gambling were guests at the hotel. The atmosphere isn't as crazy as some of the other places located on the strip so it was a good change.
1	Wish there was a 0 star that I could give it.Service was bad.  Eff this place.  Never returning.  Went to the Body..whatever nightclub and it was bad too.  Bartenders are bad everywhere.  Bad attitudes everywhere.No real good reason to go here.  It's off the strip so don't waste your time making a trip to it.
5	This is THE place to stay.I won a 4 night stay here back in April and ever since then I have been hooked.The rooms- cool, the colors they used are great...awesome tv too!The Beds- comfyThe Pink Taco- Yummy!!!The pool- Very, very nice place to relaxThe Drinks out by the pool............ BEST this place has to offer.The people watching out of this world!oh drunk drama....
3	The Hard Rock is pretty much there to provide a scene for folks who, for example, enjoy eating at their cafes around the world.  Rich and artificially bad-boy, it has a built-in audience of wanna-be rockers and groupies.  This makes for some of the best people watching in Vegas.As for the actual facilities: Dimly lit and relatively low-density, the public areas at ground level convey a Hollywood sense of a Casino resort.  If you enter on a busy evening while a favorite song begins on the sound system, there's a palpable sense of briefly living inside a movie.   With the right combination of moment and song, it can offset any other negative about the place.Their rooms aren't bad for the price. They're not as large or as good (and some floors still need refurbishing) as the newer destinations, but they're not a rip off, either.  The lower-level views are uninspiring, but that's nothing particular to his hotel. Its location is a mixed bag.  The area around it on Paradise has improved over the years, but it's still a long way to get to other attractions of equal or greater caliber. For drinking or hanging out, it's a good spot.  The bars have a good amount of space (and higher prices) though the clubs can be thick with attitude (hardly a unique signifier in LV).For gambling, it's probably not worth it unless you're a whale.  Bet minimums are strip-average or higher, which at least keeps the Casino from overcrowding even on peak nights.   The restaurants are ok to good, with only Nobu pushing the quality envelope. The service is invisible if you're not having problems, but are good at solving them if you are.
3	The girls stayed here for a bachelorette party... Great rooms, nice decor, wonderful bathtub. There are also clubs within the hotel that have dancing, music, bottle service - the whole works. The pool was the best part of the hotel for me.
2	If you are a 21 year old, irresponsible traveler, looking to book a room to host a party and then trash the room - then this is the hotel for you. What you don't know, up front, is that The Hard Rock charges a $100 dollar PER NIGHT deposit upon check in. I knew there was a service charge ($7.59 per night in addition to what I paid for the room) but I did not know they'd charge my credit card for $100 per night in addition to that. Why, you ask - because every other room on my floor was hosting a party!. Add to that the fact that they charge for use of the hotel gym - an additional $20 per day and the fact that there was construction going on behind the pool area, and the construction workers thought it was a good idea to drag trollys across the pool area and wake us up at 5 am. YES - 5 AM!!!! We had to open the balcony door and yell down after 20 minutes of continual noise.Also, take caution when dining at Mr. Lucky's. The guy across from us vomited all over the floor just before our food arrived. Be prepared to deal with the over-zealous party people who can't hold their liquor. What we did like about the hotel (though we'll never stay there again) was - the bed was comfortable, the rooms were nice and the casino was well appointed. Eat at the Pink Taco if you get the chance, it's really good food.There's also a CVS pharmacy across the street where you can buy your beer for a 3rd of what the hotel charges!
3	This was going to be my 8th time in Vegas, and I had stayed at a new hotel on each visit.  However, my friend was a Vegas newbie with a narrow-minded plan of spending most of her time lounging by the pool.  Her sister advised us that we just had to book our stay with the Hard Rock Hotel.  Since I had yet to try this destination and because of its party atmosphere, I conceded to the suggestion.  We planned our trip to span a Thursday through Monday to ensure that we would be poolside for the Sunday Rehab party, which was still advertised as a prominent event on their website, though we had already entered the Fall season.We arrived on the scheduled Thursday afternoon and were confronted with a lengthy check-in line.  We were dying to get settled and start our trip, but we were not allowed to check in prior to their 3 pm time.  We were told that our room was ready but awaiting approval from the housekeeping manager, which should only take one hour.  We dragged our luggage into the Pink Taco restaurant to grab some tasty Mexican salads (see separate review) and to enjoy the sun on the patio.  We returned to the check in desk over an hour later and were told that our room was still awaiting approval, but that we could immediately settle into a room on a lower floor.  At this point, we were just eager to get to the pool, so we agreed to the lesser room, which wound up providing a hideous view of the parking garage!  The room itself had funky wallpaper, a spacious bathroom, an iPod dock with speakers, and a large flat-screen television.  We had mixed feelings regarding our stay.  First, their website did not mention that the Sunday Rehab party was over for the season or that their pool was not heated.  So, basically, everyone was relaxing poolside in the 80-degree weather, but had nowhere to properly cool off.  In regards to the crowd, I love Jon M's review comparing this to New Jersey; my friend and I thought we were back home among Jersey shore guidos.  Fist pumping was definitely not our scene...A final note on the pool is that the waitresses were extremely friendly on Thursday afternoon, but became snooty and pretentious on the weekend.  It was as if they were trying to exude a "cool" vibe for the rowdy Saturday-Sunday crowd.  All of the pretentiousness was more discouraging than impressive.  Additionally, the hotel's free shuttle to the Strip only arrived once every hour and did not even stop anywhere close to Las Vegas Boulevard.  We wound up opting for taxi service instead, which saved time but cost $10 each way.  I was also annoyed by the $20 a day fee to use the fitness center, which was attached to the spa rather than being a part of the hotel.  The large room was packed with equipment and would have been the perfect way to counteract my extravagant dinners and evening cocktails, but I refused to pay for this "amenity".The main reasons to stay at the Hard Rock are for the crazy atmosphere, terrific nightlife options, and large pool grotto.   However, many of these things are negligible and can be found at other properties.  I would recommend staying on the Strip instead.
1	Why one star you ask?  Everything was great except for one, glaring, inexcusable transgression...We arrived at 10pm on Thanksgiving night and were swiftly and courteously checked in by the staff.  We were assigned our room in the Paradise Tower (newer but farther from the casino).  The room was more spacious than I expected, the linens and beds were nice, and there was a big screen TV.  Off to a good start.We headed down to the casino floor and began gambling. Charming dealers and box men/women had us in stitches all night and one of my friends even won a good deal of money. The drinks and cards kept coming at a solid pace, and despite minor financial woes and liver damage, we were no worse for the wear. We had a blast that first night and stayed out until the sun was high in the morning sky.The next night was a similar experience, though this time with a trip to the hotel's steakhouse, Rare 120.  While the meat was undercooked (leaving me to think that the place was aptly named), the service was good, the apps were delicious, and they were happy to oblige us by bringing over another table when two ladies joined us mid-dinner.  Also, thanks to our gaming on the previous night, the dinner was comped.  Later that evening, a friend of one of the gentlemen I was traveling with came to visit us at the hotel.  We met him outside, he came in and sat down for some blackjack.  Next, the three of us got up from the table to head to the bathroom.Once in the bathroom, we were approached by a uniformed police officer with a dog.  Cornered and without means of exit, he asked for our IDs and had them photocopied.  When asked the meaning of this shakedown, he replied "It's private property, we don't need a reason."  But it became painfully obvious what the reason was.  Our friend who came to visit us, who is an Emmy award winning actor, by the way, was black. Myself and my other friend who was present were white. Plain as day, abject racism that was the only conceivable reason for such a ridiculous use of intimidation.As a hotel guest and someone who had spent thousands of dollars in their establishment, I was mortified.  They let us go on our way, and we headed back up to the room to bid our friend a good evening.  Ten minutes later, he called to tell us that when he went back downstairs he was asked to leave. "Private property," they told him.The next morning we spoke with the floor manager, who assured us that everything was done according to their "code".  I suppose their code includes singling out black people for humiliation and ejection from the premises.Despite everything else in the weekend being near perfect, I will never ever return to the Hard Rock because of the racism and humiliation I experienced as a guest there.  I suggest you stay away as well.
5	I have nothing bad to say about my stay at Hard Rock.I thought the room was a bit fancy for the amount of money I paid to stay in it, so I was happy right off the bat. The staff was accommodating and made everything very easy. The hotel itself is like a museum. If you like music at all you can really appreciate the experience. Nice hotel. Of all that I've stayed in or seen in Vegas it has the best price to satisfaction ratio in my opinion.
5	My favorite place in Las Vegas by a mile.  I have stayed here nearly a dozen times since the mid-1990's.  Very little actually remains from my first trip: Mr. Lucky's, the Joint, maybe Pink Taco and the famous center bar.  Otherwise, HRH, as they like to be called now, is constantly being shaped and molded into what is hip and trendy at the moment.  This year they're adding 2 new towers and a new casino.  This trip I stayed in the new Paradise Tower.  The other new tower and casino open in just days.  That's just another reason to book another trip soon.We stayed in a beautiful corner room in the new Paradise Tower.  Compared to the older rooms, you gain floor to ceiling windows but lose the French balcony.  Don't touch the mini-bar items.  Bring your own.  For a tip, they'll bring a fridge which was great.  (Las Vegas survives on tips.  It's no different here.  We saved a ton on covers and room upgrades simply by tipping well.)People either love or hate the HRH.  If you don't want a rock 'n' roll crowd, go stay at the Tropicana and see Wayne Newton.  It also makes a difference when you visit.  HRH can either be a great bargain or horribly expensive.  Do some research.  Rehab Sundays make this one of the more expensive places to stay during the blazing (and usually less expensive) summer.  There is a new convention center on site so mid-week visits can be dominated by huge groups of conventioneers.  Another suggestion if staying at the HRH, there is a small strip mall of only restaurants across Paradise from HRH.  I've eaten at all of them.  They are all good and cheaper than the HRH restaurants.  Joe's New York Pizza is a must have every time I visit.  We also enjoyed the lunch specials at Origin India on this trip.A great many casinos around Vegas are changing their odds on blackjack.  Read the rules before sitting down at a table.  Boycott any table that doesn't pay 3-2 on blackjack.  There are still 3-2 tables at HRH.  Many of the strip casinos don't.  The tables that pay 6-5 or even 1-1 on blackjack are simply stealing your money.  Don't be dumb with your $$$.  That's it for my soapbox.  Rock out!!!
4	This is where we decided to spend Christmas this year. ...And I was not disappointed. This is a very unique hotel experience. The casino is small and cozy, decorated with TONS of rock and roll memorabilia, and great tunes playing throughout. They have a dozen rock-n-roll type stores with a tattoo parlor, spa, gym, and several stylish clothing boutiques. Our room looked out over the "rehab" pool and onto the strip. The room was also "oversize" with a huge flat screen, modern furnishings, and french-doors. It's only a $10 taxi ride to the hottest spots on the strip. This is also close to the airport and will save you bucks on taxi/shuttle rides if you fly in.Rooms can be had under $100 on priceline.com
1	wouldnt recommend this hotel... it charges for everything that is in the room.. we asked for a handicap room and that has a great view.. the front desk girl told us we'd get a room with the view of the pool but we may have to wait for 2 hours for that room to get ready, which we did after 2 hours we ask if our room is ready.. they give us the keys.. we go to the room that is neither for handicaps nor it has a pool view or at least a view of the streets.. our view is walls and electrical-power sorta thing. there are dirt spots and stains on the walls, on the door, they room smells like smoke.
4	I stayed here for two nights a couple of years ago in what I believe is now called the Casino Tower and will definitely be staying there again any time I'm in Vegas. I found a really affordable rate on their website. They asked me at the desk if I wanted to upgrade to a view of the Strip and I of course declined b/c Vegas rooms aren't about the view, but more about a place to pass out after a long night. Though when I walked into my room, I found that I was on the strip side. Not sure why I was asked if they were upgrading me for free...Their beds are fabulous and terribly comfortable, while being extremely stylish. The shower is also the best shower I've ever experienced. That deserves repeating...The shower is the BEST I have ever experienced.Pink Taco downstairs is tasty & pretty affordable. I also got a great cheap pair of sunglasses in the gift shop since I broke mine right as I arrived in Las Vegas.I was talking with one of the bell-hops and he said they got complaints about the rock music constantly playing. My question to those people would be "What the hell do you expect staying at a Hard Rock?" The music to me is a total bonus. I didn't spend much time in the casino though, found myself exploring the other places on the strip more. Love their style though.
4	at first, i'm kinda disappointed with the location, but....we got the suite at casino tower (but the sign in front of the elevator was paradise tower, so for 4 days i believed that i got the paradise suite lol) we were so happy, the best suite of all of the hotels i've been staying in vegas. we got the denon (supposed to be bose, but idk why for this unit it's denon) sound system, wii, pool table, amazing bath room, totally happy with those amenities http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=CzfOJzCLdBM48hPyFq0oQgit's just that through out the entire night we spent it rather noisy from the sound of water running on the plumbing, and banging sound from neighbor room. i think they had a great ***king at that time, so great that i was actually turned on by their moan and dirty talk while i'm playing pool
4	I have been to this hotel so many times but have never stayed here, so when I got an amazing deal through Orbitz I was in! We were able to stay in the brand new Paradise Tower over a weekend for $48 per night. A seriously big score! The tower had only been open for a week or so and our room was brand new and beautiful. The decor is kind of goth meets Vegas. The bathroom had double sinks and a huge shower with a rain shower head. Our room had a great view and overlooked the pool. The best part of the room was the bed. It was a big puffy white marshmallow of luscious sleepy dreaminess. I had the best night's sleep I have ever had in a Vegas hotel in that amazing bed.Checking in was a breeze and the desk clerk was friendly, efficient, and customer focused. The gift shop has a great selection of micro brews for $2.50 a bottle including Dogfish 60 minute IPA and Full Sail IPA...which made me a very happy camper!Our only disappointment came when trying to eat in the hotel. Mr. Lucky's 24/7 supposedly has a $9.99 AYCE prime rib dinner, but the two days in a row we tried to order it we were told they were out of prime rib. We asked for the manager who made excuses (none of which seemed valid or even plausible) and on top of everything was a serious unaccommodating jerk. One of the nights we tried to eat at Pink Taco but when we entered at 8:30 pm (in Vegas mind you) we were told they were closed. The hostess, who was very sweet and apologetic, explained they had been slow all night and the management was closing them down early. I am not sure what is up with the restaurant management at the Hard Rock but clearly they need to up their game and be more customer focused.Overall the experience was great and I would gladly stay here again.
3	If you ask me, HRH is overrated.  I'd been dying to stay here for years and finally did this past Christmas.  Was the room ginormous and nicely appointed?  Yes.  But that's about the only thing I'd rave about.  The casino is small, and being so far from the strip is a much bigger hassle than I'd anticipated.  I won't be staying here in the future.
4	It's not a vacation unless there's a Hard Rock stop involved. No matter where you travel, you can find one. And find one you must so that you can get a Hard Rock shot glass from whichever city you happen to be in. Well, for me, anyway.In all honesty, most of the casinos in Vegas look the same after a while. Sure there are bells and whistles that they add in order to try to outdo each other. But at the end of the day, they have the same things: a building with lots of lights and a potentially weird shape for its gimick, casino, mostly naked women, clubs with obnoxious cover charges, and expensive restaurants. But Hard Rock stood out just a little bit to me. Maybe it was because they had the only bartenders who carded me the whole weekend. Maybe it was because the craps dealers were a lot of fun and kept calling me "Lady Luck." Maybe it was the hot, but not impossibly hot pole dancers who didn't make me feel bad about my own body. But it was most likely their hard rock soundtack, something you would expect from the name sake. It was very refreshing to walk into a casino that sounded more like a spiffed up and updated dive bar juke box rather than like a bad day at Movin' 99.7* like the other casinos.*Please know that I hate Movin' a little less since they wised up, saw a brilliant opportunity, and hired on Fernando and Greg.
4	I enjoy this hotel immensely.I like the food, I like the music, I like the smallish casino floor, I just like it.A lot.The rooms are stylish, and a bit worn in the older towers.  But who cares.... this is a party hotel!  Party!!!!This is not for families.  This is for those of us who like to stay up until 9am every night while in Vegas.I was in a wheelchair due to a recent ankle shattering, and everyone at this hotel was very accomodating and nice to me.
2	This used to be my favorite hotel in Vegas, with it's hip vibe and cool rooms but maybe I'm getting older (or the HRH is) but it seems to have lost it's cache.  I booked a room in the Casino Tower for $69 for a Saturday night with a rate that was supposed to get me a drink credit, but when checking in, the front desk clerk just played dumb and basically told me that if I didn't see a voucher on my reservation I wasn't going to get it.  Okay, that's fine that they're not honoring their special but dial down the attitude----with Vegas in a nosedive, maybe you should be a bit more customer-focused or you might not have a job in a few months.Okay, enough with the snarkiness.  My basic reason for downgrading the hotel is 2 fold:  the Casino Tower rooms are in DESPERATE need of a renovation and there's always crazy noisiness in the hotel hallways at all hours of the night.  I understand that this is a party hotel and I'm no longer in my 20's, but please all you drunken idiots that like to bang on the light fixtures in the hallways at 4am, give it a break!  Some of us do like to get some sleep while it's still dark outside.  As for the rooms, while big they are pretty much a dump with broken door handles, holes in the wall and mold in the shower.  Thankfully the beds are the only saving grace still being quite comfy despite the fact that they haven't been replaced in a decade.  I realize that the 2 new towers are the place to be but it's still no excuse for renting out ratty rooms for the prices they're charging.  Based on what others have said here, I should have used Priceline to get one of the newer rooms for about the same price.One other thing----the new Casino addition seems to lack any soul to it.  We went in there and it was virtually empty with none of the hipness of the original Casino area (with it's circular bar in the center).  Only good thing was that we won $400 from the machines there which more than offset the "lost" drink credit!If you're under 30, from NJ or just want to party for 24-48 hours straight, then this is the hotel for you.  Otherwise for the same money, I'd choose the Palm or Mandalay Bay.
4	I love this place! The casino floor is smallish, but more than adequate for some card playing, or if you just wanna lax on some slots. I think the Hard Rock Hotel is one of my favorite places in Vegas just for the overall ambiance. The decor here is classy, but has some STYLE. Where else can you go, get drinks and gamble AND listen to great music at the same time? Don't worry, I'll wait.I was hoping to hit up Vanity, but you never have enough time to do EVERYTHING in Vegas. I'm definitely visiting HRH next time I'm in town.
1	Warning- stay away from this hotel.  I stayed here recently, and while the rooms are nice the bar in the middle of the casino had several "professional" women working the room.  Two worked together to get me to stand up to give them a seat and then picked the wallet from my back pocket.  Luckily I had an open tab with the bar and therefore had one credit card for the rest of my trip.  When I informed security their response was, "Don't feel bad- it happens here all the time.  The girls are very slick."  Ah...great.  How about doing your job, then?  They offered me absolutely no assistance.  None.  Couldn't care less.  To add insult to injury, the hotel refused to remove the $100 "convenience charge" they add to your account at check in.  I was checked out and long gone prior to the check-out time (off to a safer hotel) but when I noticed the charge on my credit card statement and complained they stated that I checked out late.Stay away- there are too many good hotels in Vegas to stay here.
4	We just got back from Vegas and boy was it fun. The CES and AVN shows are probably the best trade shows of the year. Usually i stay in The Venetian for any Vegas trade show but this year i wanted to try something different. After checking out the newer built towers at the Wynn, Venetian and PH I decided on the new HRH Towers at the Hard Rock Hotel. I am very happy with my decision! It was a blast.If you ever want to feel like a rock star you have to stay at the Hard Rock. Man that place in fun. There are hot people everywhere the club scene is a blast and you will bump into a few celeb's/rock stars along the way.The suites were great! Mine (1-1420) had a great view of the new pool (still under construction). They have a full AV control system, 2 Flat panel TV's, iPod dock in the wall, entire on-demand music collection. The bathrooms had a huge shower that you could fit at least 3 people in :), and a tub that was very large almost like a mini jacuzzi (except no jets). One of the cool hip features of the room was the living room space had cool couches and a modern coffee table with soft and hard surfaces. Also  bathroom wall was just tinted glass. It made the room feel very open and party like. Great mini bar with full bottle service in it. It had bottles of Absolute Vodka, Bombay Sapphire Gin, Patron Tequila and an assortment of beers and wine. The room also had an electronic safe, Steam Iron with full size ironing board. Good closet/wardrobe space and plenty of drawers for clothes. Love this place! Can't wait to go back.Dino...)'(
4	I just got back from a fun weekend celebrating my friends 21st birthday at The Hard Rock, and it was great!About 14 of us stayed in 3 rooms in the Paradise (one of the new ones) tower, and the rooms were super nice. There was an ipod dock so we could blast our music, plenty of closet space and enough room to dance. The hotel staff was super friendly and accommodating, even when I needed an extra blanket at 4 in the morning. The only dislikes about the hotel would be that the pool was closed and that it wasn't directly on the strip. And also, the shower was nice, but it didn't have any shelfs or anything, so it was really akward trying to shave my legs in there.. I would definitely stay there again, it was awesome.
4	Just returned from las vegas and we stayed at the hard rock hotel and casino. This hotel is off the strip but not too far off, we learned if you get a cab from the hotel to planet hollywood at the strip its only a 6 dollars trip! They also have a free shuttle to and from the fashion mall and somewhere else on the strip but I can't seem to remember (I was drunk when asking). Probably the best thing about it, is that it is small. Well not small but smaller than most! They play the music loud and party all night here with stripper poles on the casino floor. There is a 7 dollar a day resort fee that covers all the basics from conciege to grounds. The pool looked really awesome but it was closed this time of the season. Don't eat here as it is very expensive, and not very good! They have the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept on after a long day of walking and partying it is a breathe of fresh air and the 47 inch hdtv on the wall wasn't too bad either.
1	Don't be tempted by the cheap rates, this is the worst hotel, EVER.I booked my trip through Orbitz for two nights including car rental. Afterflying in from New York on a Friday night picked up our car from Hertz no problem and arrived at the Hard Rock at about 11 pm on a Friday night. When we arrived we walked through the festive casino, full of young people and headed over to the registration desk. Lo and behold the line was long, we're talking an hour wait to get a key for our room. Finally we reached the front of the line and they didn't have our reservation on record, which is outrageous because I paid ahead of time with Orbitz. I'm not sure if who to blame Orbitz or HRC, but after a long phone call with Orbitz customer service it was determined that we did indeed have a reseervation however Orbitz and HRH had not communicated properly. By now, it's 1:30 am and we're both exhausted.  When we finally get to our room in the Casino Tower, the bed is nice as is the flat screen tv (no HD though) and we find it difficult to sleep because all night we hear people talking and yelling in the hallway.  There are definitely better options on the Strip so please heed my warning and skip the Hard Rock Hotel.
5	I love pretty much everything about this hotel.  It's not so big that you spend 20 minutes walking from one side to the other.  It seems to be very clean inside the hotel as well as inside the rooms.  During summer you can't miss out on Rehab- it's an amazing time even if you aren't out looking for girthy black men and Guidos (which describes 75% of the guys there)  Pink taco has pretty good Mexi food and Lucky 24/7's is always around when you need some solid drunchies.  Never paid full price for a room because they always have deals and I've been 6 or 7 times now.  Def my #1 choice for a Vegas stay.
5	I adore the Hard Rock! It isn't just because they have the hottest, loosest and craziest women on the strip (although that really helps) but because the vibe is so chill and unpretentious. It all revolves around the circle bar which is a great place to hang out at any hour but especially on the weekend nights when is at its craziest. And what can I say about the  music? They always have some great classic rock tunes bursting out so it is a great party scene. And of course, when talking about the HRH one can't forget to mention Rehab which still is the best pool party in Vegas (despite the fact that there are a lot of meathead tools lurking around). The only downside is that it is far away from the rest of the action at the strip. But with that said, do yourself a favor and book your room at the HRH next time you are in Vegas. You can send me a Thank You card later.
2	After a long 3 day weekend in Vegas we decided we were way too tired to attempt the drive home to LA. We did a quick rate check and Hard Rocks were good and Sunday low. We arrived at check in and thought we hit the jackpot when the girl working the desk handed us a note saying she was putting us in a huge suite instead of the regular room we had booked ** 5 Stars for her being a cool chick! The room itself was beautiful, separate living and bedroom areas, massive multiperson shower etc, etc. My problems with this place are: The Casino because, its tiny and lame, its the Casino that nobody I know ever seems to win at. Its filled with puking 21 year olds in affliction gear that make talking texting teenagers in movie theaters seem like a pleasant dream. The restaurant selection inside is awful, no matter what you go with, your basically choosing the lesser of two evils, ie. Denny's vs. IHOP, who wants either one? Not me ever, and especially not in Vegas. And the POOL. Since we were there on a Sunday we decided to check out the infamous Rehab, its free for guests and the non Rehab side of the pool was filled with the little screaming kids, who brings their kids to Vegas, especially to the Hardrock on Rehab Sunday no less, I don't know and honestly I don't think I want to... but I digress........10 minutes and two ridiculously over priced Mai Tais later we realized we were better off with the screaming kids. At least they are kids and their screams make sense. The rehab side was filled with the same 21 year old douches that had been puking in the casino the night before, pounding more shots to ensure more puking and scantily clad drunk girls, which I don't have a problem with at all, I love to see my girls having a good time, what I do mind is a girl in a thong with half a chichi hanging out screaming at the top of her lungs "OH MY GOD BITCH" and "AAAAAAAH I THINK SOMEBODIES TRYING TO GRAB MY ASS" really? really? really? no really? I know your drunk but you were probably sober when you slid into that dental floss- it didn't occur to you then that wearing it to a pool full of drunk men would be a problem? At first I thought I was just getting old and crotchety, but then I realized, I love to party, I love drinking, and I even love drunks. I just like drunks that can handle their liquor and still have a good time. Being at the Hardrock is like when you have a party at your place and one of your friends brings some blow hard date that nobody knows, he runs his mouth all night, brags about how many shots he did last weekend, shows off his tribal arm band tattoos and then he throws up all over your living room floor. Nobody likes that guy, He's a total buzz kill and so is the Hardrock.
4	People now is the time to hit up vegas!! $60 room rates at the Hard Rock on a weekday- are you kidding me??? The desperation for tourism was almost palatable. Everyone was way too friendly and accommodating. Rarely do I experience such great customer service at a hotel-lots of smiling and thank yous and I soaked it up. As for the hotel itself- its off the strip but not miles away. Come on walking off that drunken stupor might be a good idea. If not, there's plenty of cabs and I believe a shuttle service from the hotel- maybe- maybe not??? The decor is all rock memorabilia and some pretty cool stuff at that. Although some things needed an upgrade- Liz Phair's guitar- whoo hoo- does anyone care :) The music is fantastic and there's a definite young vibe to the place. The gaming was alot less crowded than other casinos, but the bars were packed. Something tells me gaming is not where they draw their crowds. There's plenty of food options- from a 24 hour diner to Starbucks to Nobu for you sushi snobs... As for the rooms- super awesome modern decor in greys, black and white with chrome-I loved it! beds were super comfy with down comforters and the hallways were lit with zildjian cymbal sconces- how sweet is that!! Great choice for a Vegas trip, although I was disappointed that the pool was closed- apparently the 60 degree winter weather was way too cold :) right.... Also the gym is fantastic but is $15 extra a day, which I thought was well worth it since it includes access to the spa area (read: jacuzzi, wet and dry sauna- basically total relaxation!!)
4	Badass rooms. Nice showers. Rockin' pool and bar outside. Not bad prices for Valentines Day/Presidents Day weekend.Busy, busy, busy place. Awesome clothes from rock 'n roll stars shown everywhere. Loved that!Do NOT get below the 9th floor. Seriously, the difference is ridiculous. Gross compared to Amazin'!
4	You don't need to be rich for first class treatment here. I've stayed a dew times. Its definitely geared towards younger twenty something (or anyone who rolls like they are) crowd. Even the cheep rooms are nice but if you pay a little more and let them sell you on some upgrades you wont be disappointed.
3	The Pros are pretty slim, so I won't even bother mentioningCONS-Super annoying to get to and from the strip-Worst service EVER, don't even bother asking employees if you forget your room number, they won't give it to you.-Tattoo parlor in the hotel, REALLY? Way to objectify tattoo culture by tattooing drunken tourists (I can say this because I have tattoos)-Creepy lurker dudes everywhere, people passed out in the hotelThe worst thing about this place is that I arrived to my room only to find EVERY. SINGLE. LIGHT. OFF. and it took about 5 hours to get my room light fixed.  By then, I was so annoyed I opted to stay at the Wynn for a night, 5 STARS! to that place.  I really didn't spend much time at the hotel, but everytime I did I ended up irrated and annoyed.  Their numbering system for rooms is also super frustrating, especially when coming back to your room at 5 am blitzed beyond belief.  The only positive things I have to say about this place is that I really liked the photography they had on display, and their John Varvatos store was A+.  Other than that, NO THANK YOU.
1	I hated this place more than words can describe. If you love Ed Hardy, weird plastic surgery-face ladies, and general douchebaggery, then this is the place for you.It didn't help that I was in Vegas for a tradeshow and my company decided to book us at the Hard Rock. If you stay here and value your sleep - ask for a room that is NOWHERE NEAR the pool area. I had gone early to help set up. I had been up since 4am. I was ready to pass out. I went to my room to get some sleep, but that was not possible because I guess 80s band The Fixx was playing right outside my room that night. I am a finicky sleeper, so I couldn't fall asleep until they were done - at like 2am. I still get mad whenever I hear "One Thing Leads to Another".  Then I couldn't even sleep in because the pool turns into that stupid "Rehab" thing in the day time.I could not wait to get the eff out of that place.
4	Great time!  The rooms are really nice and the shower is pretty cool. We had a great view of the pool...
3	Was ok.  Rooms were nice, and decent price.   Kelly H pretty much nailed it.  About a mile from the main street but close to some decent bars.
3	The rooms were nice. The pool is kickass too bad it was too damn cold to use it! Service sucks. Much better service (for drinks) on Fremont St where they're handing them to you left and right. Wasted Space is worth checking out, but beware of the drink prices! INSANE! PS: 10th floor is a horrible place to be if you plan on napping around 8pm before heading out for the night. The penthouses are right above you and partying goes on alll day/night. As much as Vegas is to party... sleeping is much appreciated too :)
5	I loved this place.  First off we had an amazing deal to start off with.  Then, to top it off we were upgraded to the brand spanking new HRH suites.  Much better for three ladies cause we had a sitting room separate from the bedroom and a HUGE bathroom.  It also had a kickass sound system stocked with music so we could pre-party and get in the party mood.  We also loved the service.  Very nice people and very helpful.  I will definitely need to come back and check out the new pool area.
1	ED HARDY'S FAVE HOTEL. LIKE WASSUPPPPP!!!!There are a lot of very good, and very bad reviews for this hotel. I kind of read them like "idiot", "brilliant", "idiot", "brilliant", and so on...That should tell you something.I almost feel like writing, "trust me, stay away" and not go into all the miserable details of a completely lousy Vegas experience at Epic levels.- no soap or shampoo available. Nope. you must pay 24 dollars for that cleansing privilege.- check out is at 11. If you are late, or you want to stay in for an extra 30 min, or 5 min, or 1 min, they charge you 100 bucks an hour if you can believe it. Wow. Even the prostitutes that hang out at the bar have better rates than that.- they charge around 15 bucks to your bill for...well...nothing...hotel service fee. The lady at reception said it was how the hotel brings in more revenue. Uh huh. I get that. But how in the hell does a hotel charge me for nothing? I mean, 15 or 150, the principle is the same. Complete scam job.- tiny, teeny, weeny, little towels. Enough to cover my leg. One of them. Again, no bloody soap!!! not even a bar. Sick. Even motel 6 gives you soap. And now I'm naked with no towel and dirty as sin!- food all around mediocre. Nobu is the biggest joke on earth. Oh, I'll save that review for another time along with the silliest fake-Italian restaurant. Mama mia, e bene - says the large fake-Italian man who should compete with Adam Sandler for who can do a worse accent.- Service: well, think what would happen if the same people who were part time prostitutes/drug dealers/musicians/Ed Hardy fans, etc. all got jobs in the service industry running a hotel and now you know who you will be dealing with at the Hard Rock- Clientele looks like they all just broke out of Arkham Asylum and/or an Ed Hardy fan museum.Seriously, this is a fun place to hang out at for 20 minutes and then your head starts to pound from the drugs someone dropped in your drink and you wake up pregnant in a 3rd world country as a love slave. At least that's what happened to me. Please, Mom, if you're reading this...save me. The guy who has me wears a trucker hat with swarzky crystals...STAY AWAY. Big waste of money hotel, hiya Tai-Pan. Me thinks you wanchee go elsewhere hotel no lying, hiya? Like Motel 6 where they have free soap and towels! Yay.
3	I'm a fan of the Hard Rock- great casino, great selection of restaurants and bars, and lots of good looking people. Stayed there earlier this week, and got upgraded to a ridiculous suite complete with a pool table, and 3 LCD tvs. It was pretty cool.S why only 3 stars? Paying $15 a day for internet is horse shit. If the Comfort Inn across the street can manage it for free, you should be able to as well. Pretty big turn off for business travelers. Has another problem with the TVs not working either, the people that had our room before had swiped the batteries and unplugged everything.
4	We seriously left this hotel ONCE in 3 days. There was no need to go elsewhere. Hard Rock has it all: great restaurants (I ate at all of them...fantastic), awesome rooms/bathrooms/beds, non-stop party, best pool in Vegas, hot people, great music/things to look at, the list goes on and on. The place is ALWAYS packed whether it be 4am or 2pm. I loved every minute of it, THIS is the place to do it all in Vegas (Trust me, this was my 8th trip!)!
2	Let me start by saying I used to love this hotel and casino. I would reccomend it to anyone I knew going to Vegas. But something has changed here my friends. They should rename this place Hard Rock a la carte because they are constantly trying to nickel and dime you. There used to be a time when you stayed at this hotel they made you feel like a king and you got to take an advantage of all the amenities they had to offer. Let me give you some examples of why you would be better off staying at Terrible's across the street:- First there are multiple items by the sink, specifically 2 kinds of shampoo. Use one it costs $30 the other is free, be careful for these well palced booby traps.- Also the bathroom area has no plastic cups for water, but they do provide $5 Glaceau Vitamin Water. So good luck if you want water after you brush your teeth- 15 bucks to use the internet- 15 bucks to use the gym- Unless the pool is in season you are treated like an outsider trying to attend any club at the hotel. There was probably the biggest dissapointment. There are no line privelages or free admission for hotel guests unless you get a suite. They wanted $40 for male hotel guests on a Thursday night! but if you were a local it was free?!? Just doesn't make any sense to meI voiced a few of my complaints to the from desk and I think they know they are pulling a lot of BS here because they gave me 4 drink tickets without hesitation, but it all still left a bad taste in my mouth.On a positive note, I still think the casino and restaurants are great but there is really no advantage to staying here. There is always a good looking crowd and it is still a fun spot in Vegas. Like I said, stay across the street at Terrible's and just walk over to the Hard Rock to enjoy the things you like.
3	Didn't really enjoy my stay at the Hard Rock last week.  Rooms were affordable so that was nice, but you can get the same deals at hotels cleaner and nicer on the strip.  I wanted to try staying off the strip for once so I gave this place a shot.  The room was not the cleanest, but not too too bad.  If you are facing the pool, there is no way to get away from the music.  So be warned.This is a spot for college or young folk ready to drink and dance at the pool area, great spot for that.  Not so great for families though.  Depends what you're looking really for, I wasn't so into the poolside atmosphere so I didn't enjoy my stay as much as I could.  Very small casino, good staff, very rowdy guests.
2	The Hard Rock Gods must have heard my complaints and smited me. Immediately after I wrote my original review all of the hot water in the hotel was shut off (10am on a Saturday). The hotel was very callous about this basically saying sorry nothing we can do but we will give you a $50 gift card. After 2 hours of complaining they finally reluctantly refunded me a nights stay. No hot water, c'mon. That's like not having a mattress.
3	Spent our Saturday and Sunday stay in Vegas here. The hotel itself has a very interesting theme - the whole rock and roll thing is pretty awesome and it's nice to roam around and see the memorabilia from various artists. The casino itself if sort of small and after a couple of walks around the casino floor, you realize just how small that place is. The rooms were nice - short of spectacular, and the minimalistic theme (if that's what they were going for) was boring. The view of the pool was amazing, and you could see the strip in the distance. Be warned though, they have music BLASTING from the pool area all day...so if you're the type to take a "pre-going out nap" during the day, this is NOT a place for relaxation. Clientele seemed like a very young, college-ish crowd. Not a family casino at all. Overall, a nice place if you're in the pool-side party all day mood. For R&R - head over to the strip - and at least you'll be closer to all those other places.
4	OK, so I booked my trip to Vegas through Hotwire and decided to give the Hard Rock a try.........THEN, I read the reviews on Yelp. I was surprised to see how mixed the reviews were, but I must say after my three night stay , I am definitely a fan of this hotel! My friend and I had an early morning flight from Seattle and we arrived at the hotel around 8:30 am. We were just expecting to drop our bags off with the bell man and hang out on the strip until our 3:00 check in time. Instead, the front desk person checked us in right away and even upgraded us to the Paradise Tower free of charge. The rooms are huge, clean, and modern. And the BEDS, OMG they are by far the best beds to sleep in after getting in at 4:00 in the morning! For a three night stay plus round trip, nonstop flights it came to about $380 per person, which IMO was a complete steal.... The location is a little inconvenient, but nothing that a $6.00 cab ride can't fix. So, in summary if you are over 35, have kids, or are generally somebody that walks around with a stick shoved up your ass, do yourself a favor and stay at Bally's.
4	Pretty cool spot to stay for a couple of days.  It's so loud that it is hard to check in!  Be prepared for a trek to your room.  We stayed in the Paradise Tower.The room was pretty awesome.  Beds were super comfy and our view overlooked the pool.  Don't even mess with the mini-bar...It's on a weighted system so if you take something to look at it will charge you.  Just have to call the front desk and let them know to reset it, lol.HRH is not on the strip so it's not so crazy.Utilize the valet service.
5	I recently planned a bachelorette party in Vegas - my first time! my first order of business was to find a good deal for the rooms... we were a party of 10 or so, so I needed a good three rooms for all to have enough space. I found a great deal on a travel website at Hard Rock and booked the rooms. The rates were soooo reasonable that it came to just over 100 bucks for BOTH nights for each person.I arrived at the Hard Rock first and when I checked in they informed me that my reservation was actually for the HRH Towers!! and then directed me to the private reception & concierge area for this new wing of the hotel that is gorgeous!! I was so pleasantly surprised! its beautiful and all the rooms are incredible, luxurious spacious suites! SWEET! there is a private new spa, and access to the Sky Bar it was absolutely fabulous!! and felt like a remote luxe resort more than anything else...Without even realizing it, my reservations plus the affordable rates were actually for this brand new beautiful section of the hotel!!An amazing time was had by all the bachelorettes largely due to the the beautiful rooms! I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone going to Vegas with a large party or a small once...
2	Unfortunately I wasn't too impressed with the HR overall. It's pretty far from the Strip, so we had to take taxis everywhere. The room was OK, nothing spectacular. I have a few complaints about the bathroom: 1. no fan (at least no working fan - the ones you can hear), 2. the drain was not working in the shower, and 3. no hairdryer (had to call to have one brought up). It's a fun casino and there are a lot of things to see and do, but after staying at a few other places in Vegas, I definitely need something ON the strip. It just got to be too expensive to bounce back and forth from HR and the rest of the other casinos.
4	I was only here for one night, but had a great time.  I loved the new building and decor!  Very well done and consistent with the brand.  The bathroom layout was a little funky, but other than that, everything was perfect.  I would totally come back in a heartbeat.  The sushi restaurant there is to die for: hands down the best sushi I've ever had!  And I live in Seattle!
4	I recently stayed here for my 30th birthday with a couple of my friends.WE LOVED IT!!!The room was awesome and the staff was great.  It is a little inconvenient being away from the strip but we made due and we're happy we did!However, as others have stated this is hotel has a young crowd.  If you have a family i would not recommend it.
4	This is my favorite place to stay while in Vegas. The casino isn't extra smoky like many other hotels and even though it's small it's nice! The Hark Rock is close to the strip but its not ON the strip, which i appreciate because i don't want to be smack dab in the middle of all the commotion! All the rooms are nice.. except the lowest type. Do yourself a favor, if you stay here stay in one of the upgraded rooms, even if its just one step higher, its worth it! Although I love the hard rock I took off a star because the pool is closed most of the year and beware, DONT TOUCH ANYTHING INSIDE THE FRIDGE... there are sensors underneath every item.. if you move it you buy it.. they even make you sign something to agree to this when you check in!
3	There are now three towers at the Hard Rock- HRH, Paradise and the old one.  We stayed at the new Paradise Tower, and I can't say that how it differs from the others, but it's rock star on a budget. This is like the responsible rock stars who know it's not going to last forever, so they cheap out on items like toilet paper and bath accessories to save money.  The vibe is total rock star, with views of the strip, the pool(s), and the black wallpapered walls. We reserved a King, non-smoking and we got a room with two queens. I should have walked back down, but I put up with it for a few days because I had already set out my stuff when I thought about it. The pools are super close to the elevators, so it is relatively easy to access the sky bar and rehab pools. The map of the hotel called the round pool, "Sans" as in it was supposed to be topless, but alas, what happens in Vegas is still R rated, and boundaries can't be pushed that far. This is the US after all.  (In Canada, going topless is a right for both men and women! And you thought we were all prudes up here.)Service was merely OK.
4	Ahhhhh the memories of the weekend at Hard Rock!!!  Best stay in Vegas thus far!!  But that may have more to do with all the wonderful ladies that traveled there to celebrate my cousin's birthday...or our friend that VIP'd us up everywhere.Stayed in Tower One...the suite was beautiful with sitting area, kitchen, bedroom and a HUGE bathroom. I can so get down in this room...glass wall that separates the bathroom and bedroom?!  yeah, don't get me started ;0) ...two sinks, one regular shower head plus an overhead shower head, and a HUGE tub...YES!!though gotta say not too thrilled about the frosty glass walls for the toilet...ehhh =/TIP: The main light switch is by the suite door, if you turn it off the bedroom and bathroom lights don't work eitherLoved that all the workers we encountered were eager to help us get what we want.  We had everything right there at the Hard Rock so we never had to leave the hotel but I can see how it would be inconvenient if we wanted to go elsewhere.  Went to Wasted Space, Vanity, Rare 120, and the opening of Rehab (I'll review them all separately).Now I'm not totally ignorant...we were majority female (a Vegas plus), and like I said, we were VIP everywhere (another Vegas plus) so that may have influenced our service a bit but it's still Vegas, and it feels good to be taken care of here. =)Oh!...and when I come home to find that opening my suitcase doesn't replicate inhaling an ashtray, that's a star in itself! =)Enjoy your stay!!
5	The new addition to the Hard Rock is amazing.  The pool is still top notch.  From what I hear Rehab is still the place to be on Sunday if you don't mind waiting in line and paying a price to party in the hotspot.  The new Skybox at the pool looks phenomenal.  Can't wait to go back in October and see the Deftones at the Joint. Definitely for the younger crowd.  Place is rockin
1	Rude Staff, no customer service. An immediate Resort fee of $15 a day, and lots of hidden charges and some fraudulent charges, that are difficult to fight after you return home. We were a mixed group of 20-40 year old, and ready for a party hotel. NOT !!They also have goons at the elevator that actually open up and search your luggage to make sure your not bringing any outside food or drink to your room.  bringing in your own licqour or beer/wine is out of the question.some of our companion were taken to a back room to have thier luggage and patted down, even though we were in business attire.Our friend who is a CEO (40+), had his luggage broken into and searched, and they blamed it on him.The upscale resteraunts are poor service, and long wait for food.  We were treated poorly almost everywhere at the Hard Rock, We were searched again just going from our room to the pool, they actually patted us down, even though we were wearing shorts. Its more intrusive than security at the airport. Costs of food and drinks at the pool is very Expensive. drinks start at $18, a six ounce bottle of water was $6, and you cant bring your own, even if its purchased in the hotel store.the rooms are beautiful, but they seem to be having some maintenence issues, (TV and Electrical ) and problem getting cleaning staff, our room ran out of toilet paper and after a entire day, couldnt get more, we actually had to ask some other guests to get some. The security staff at the concerts and venues are obtrusive and beligerant, we had staff trying to make dates with our wives and girlfriends, and after being rebuked, the girls were told they couldnt wear their outfits at the venue becuase they were too revealing, but thier dress hadnt been the 1/2 hour before they wouldnt date the staff. and were the same dress all the girls wear in vegas. The manager had to come over and finally tell the 2 security staff that we were fine and to let us alone.
1	HORRIBLE!! i felt like i was in prison with all the K-9 dogs and undercovers, searching my bags to go to the pool!!  I felt like it was a hotel for 18 year olds with a fake ID and old pervs wanting to go to REHAB!!  Dont even think about touching the mini  bar i moved some stuff around and got charged $455!!! WHAT!!!! I waited in a 25 minute registration line to "pre register" front desk told me there would be $100 PER day charge that would be refunded... no early check in it was 12:45pm came back to wait in registration line 20 minutes AGAIN!!!This time front desk said it would be one $100 charge total that would be refundud, when i checked out it ended up being $50 per day??? WTF!!! can i just get the best rate?? there were pot stems on the floor in my room when i checked in No bathrobe the Jimi Hendrix frame looked like it had been pried off the wall and re glued, cheap toilet paper too!! Nice clean bed though, felt like an office in there and the lighting in the bathroom was romantic dinner lighting. When i checked out i had to wait for Stephanie to remove each mini bar  charge one by one it took 20 minutes just for that..  I will Never stay there i thought I had all this money and it was all wrapped up with hard rock not to mention 2 weeks later they end up charging my account another bogus charge for"a third guest in the room"  for $100, it was only me!! WTF!!! but i got 3 wristbands for rehab never ended waiting in the hour and 30 minute line.
3	Always a fun place with a nice pool. It loses points because customer service leaves a bit to be desired as compared to the other top resorts, and it is about a mile off the strip.
4	I have to admit, I was hesitant when my honey booked us a room at the Hard Rock.  I had read mixed reviews, and I certainly didn't want to stay in a shwag room for my birthday trip!...but the Hard Rock is rockin.  We stayed in the new HRH suite, 26th floor with a great view of the pool.  The room divider with flatscreens on either side was great, very modern and gorgeous.  I loved the built in soundsystem that was preprogrammed with music, or you can plug in your iphone.I would give it 5 stars except for technical problems with our phones and our tv, we had to call engineering to our room twice, bummer since we were in privacy mode...also the chick at the front desk when we checked in was supposed to call us when our room was ready, and of course never did, causing us to continue at the tables to the detriment of my wallet.
3	Vegas pretty much blows (hey, I spent a considerable amount of my childhood there so I sort of know) BUT if you must go (or maybe you like to go) AND if you must stay at a hotel (or you like to do the hotel thing) the Hard Rock Hotel's the way to go. I was there for a great friend's birthday sojourn extravaganza (his choice, not ours) and, surprisingly, had a blast.My room was amazing - 9th floor, view of the pools and mountains, super clean, quiet, not a cigarette scent about. I love this hotel because they have really cool tour posters, random outfits (Stevie Nicks' black lace bodysuit from the 70's...whhhaaatt?!!!), great guitars (ZZ Top = yeah!)...yes, it's just how you remember the Hard Rock Cafes from the 90's (the ones that you may have ventured into as a kid) but in addition to the burger and fries you get the big fluffy pillows and a super comfy bed to rest your Vegas weary bones upon after an evening of Vegas overload (mortifying buffets, weird cab drivers, pricey drinks, the Fremont Street Experience, white Reeboks). If you don't like Vegas and you must visit, you should definitely stay here. It's a quiet from the storm that will make your stay less depressing and traumatic (plus you'll see great rock photos and memorabilia along the way). I also recommend you head out to Red Rock Canyon for hiking, Cold Creek to learn how to truly live off the grid and Lake Mead for a little lake tube floating. Good times.
4	This review is for the casino.  The new expansion is pretty nice.  The Hard Rock is definitely one the epicenters of "hip" in Vegas, but has always managed to get by with one of the smallest, if not the smallest, casino floor out of all of the high-profile properties in town.  With the new expansion, the gaming floor is much larger and more on-par with other casinos of its size.
5	If you are in vegas for the pool party action then this is your five star place. That's the only reason we were in town, for rehab(see my review on that) and it was perfect. Our room opened up to Rehab 7 stories up so we could hear the music pumping from the room and it made for a big time party suite. To be honest, the casino is definitely not something special and the restaurants there are not great, except for the outdoor/indoor one by the other pool that has a glass bottom pool as a roof. Really sweet. The hotel pretty bare bones but the pool is like no other place in this world and a $300 room comes with two $150 wrist bands so it makes a lot of cents. Pretty far from the strip though. The beds were to die for too. So soft and comfy. Like a cloud!
2	Okay first visit sleeping at this hotel I'm usually at the Mandalay bay or the Venetian.  Me no likey. Maybe I'm to old but these rooms suck.   I'm in the new Paradise tower which is the new bastard addition since the economy took a turn and condos couldn't sell.  It is really really far from the casino and the valet.  I'd hate to be drunk here. Who needs to pay for the use of a fitness center ( possibly $40) which I hear is amazing, it's a journey just getting to this tower and down the huge hallway. The room is a little weird.  No tub, only two towels and the mirror are either tinted or aged. They have a weird black ink swirl thing over the tinted mirrors.  Um. Did they not think women may want to do her makeup with them. Okay there is a magnifying mirror hanging on the wall,but that's not my thing.Perhaps,I'll like the pool.  But I like service and amenities we are given one bar soap for the sink only.  Good thing the Renaissance in Puerto Rico gave me aveda body wash and I happened to have it.For only two days I didn't think to pack any.  We'll see. This may be more for boys who want to pretend they're someone and girls to show off their doctors work.or tramp stamps.  I'm not talking just the silicon I'm talking ink.I may be a little too old and too secure in myself to stay here.  I like quality and service.  H'm Im sure I  could find something too prove.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. I'll start with the good.1.Awesome pools. Clean and beautiful.2.Super clean room. Cozy, big bathroom and good selection of tv channels.3.Friendly staff.The Bad1.Upon checking in we were charged $300 extra. As insurance in case we trashed the room. While i'm assuming this is standard we were unaware of it and pretty pissed.2.When we checked out we were charged $15 a night for spa entry and shuttle to the strip. Oh really? I dont remember receiving any of those services.3.My best friends room was never cleaned by house keeping. Why you ask? Well the maids must have been too busy stealing her phone charger and brothers phone.All in all our stay was ok but if we return to Vegas we will be staying elsewhere.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Upon checkout I was surprised to find nearly $20 in DAILY extra charges for "service fees." After waiting in line at checkout to ask about these charges, the front desk person said these were automatic daily "resort fees" added to every guest's bill even if they prepaid their stay in full on their booking site. The fees supposedly entitled me to a free shuttle, gym usage and long distance calls during my stay. Too bad no one explained any of this when I checked in so I did not use any of these services. When I explained to the manager, Nataya, that it's abnormal for a hotel to add these extra fees, and that no one had explained them to me at arrival, she flatly stated that I should take up the issue with my credit card. Apparently these charges are explained in the fine print when you sign in so I was stuck with them. WOW! I have never been treated so shabbily by any hotel, far less a top-tier Starwood property. What a crappy way to end my first and LAST stay at the Hard Rock. All I can say is that I hope the $40 in charges were worth a pissed off customer who will never return and will convince as many of his friends on Facebook, Twitter and Yelp to avoid this place like the plague.
2	So I just went to the Pepper pool side show this past Friday at the Hard Rock and it was OK. We got there and the security at the door was really cool but once inside security was a bunch of a-holes except for a lady named Jessica who actually seemed to comprehend the meaning of customer service. Pepper played breifly - I swear it wasn't more than an hour but they put on a helluva show. Other major downside is the price of booze - it was $55 for a six pack of Bud Light - my goodness!
3	We decided to check out the new suites at Hard Rock. They are nice. But I prefer theHotel or Wynn still. The style is contemporary meets French Provencal. The rooms are clean and crisp. Good looking. I am not sure if it was just our room but there was a lot of creaking, cracking and snapping coming out of the ductwork. Slightly annoying.We found it super humorous that there were giant "towel bars" over the beds and couch but not one in the bathroom (ok so there was ONE in the bathroom, over the tub and not near the sink). The full-length mirror is right by the front door inside the closet so you have to hold the door open while you are trying to make sure you look good for the night.The wall ipod docking system is cool. However, the music only comes from the unit hooked up to the TV so it has to be turned way up to hear it in the bathroom so you can jam out in your underoos while you get ready to go out and play.Beds are nice. Place was clean. The guest service left something to be desired though. We called down for some help with the safe b/c it kept saying error. It took 2hrs and two phone calls for anyone to come up. We called for more glassware and it showed up... AFTER we left the room for the evening more than an hour later. I asked for a room tag so they would stop knocking on our door and I never got it (so I stole my neighbors).I like the smaller casino. The dealers are friendly. Mr. Lucky's is actually a decent diner and a great place to people watch. Tried to eat at Rare 120 but they were closed on Mondays so didn't check it out. People who complain about it being off the strip are a little ridiculous. You could walk to PH, Aria etc if you wanted to OR you can catch a $7 cab. Not a big deal at all.We avoided Rehab but did go out to the new pool deck on Sunday. Also good people watching. $9 for a beer though.... OUCH.Would I stay here again? Maybe, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend the place to someone.
4	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel for a few days for a business conference. And I left more impressed than I expected to be.The exterior of the hotel is deceiving. Don't let the huge neon guitar influence your thinking that this place is some cheesy tourist venue.Well, there is some cheese but not enough to make you queasy.The interior is chock full of gambling machines/tables and rock memorabilia. It's pretty amazing some of the clothing and photos they have posted on the walls.Decent music is playing throughout the casino at all times.There are many restaurants and shops scattered throughout the hotel, though I didn't get a chance to visit any except for Starbucks -- my company arranged for the meals. (The Starbucks did make a surprisingly good cup of coffee though.)Our conference rooms were well arranged and served with great buffet food. All attendants were attentive and polite.My room was in the Paradise Tower and very hip. It was clean and tastefully arranged. The colors were dark and very rock-star like. I loved the huge shower.The only negative here was my restricted view of the Strip and mountains by the parking deck.I would also caution more conservative folks to avoid Sunday afternoon and the Rehab party at the pool. It felt like Spring Break in Panama City Beech.Also, the Strip is a moderate walk (15 minutes) away from the hotel. I made the trip twice and found the trip safe in both the day and night.Vegas is not my scene, but I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel again if I'm in the area.
4	After reading Yelp for sometime, I signed-up to write this review of the Hard Rock.  Over the years, I've stayed at most of the major properties in Las Vegas and over the past 5 or 6 stays have settled here. I can't give them 5 stars, cause it's not a Wynn/Encore type joint... but a solid 4 they deserve.  I've stayed in each of the towers.  HRH is perfectly upscale and quiet enough get a good night's sleep before a meeting.  The Paradise Tower is also nice, but a bit far away from the action.  The main tower has been redone and now has many of the same features as the newer towers, plus the famous french-doors that open for fresh air.The hotel staff has always been friendly and helpful to me... you get  back what you put out you know.  Mr. Lucky's food is exactly what I like... standard diner type fare that's always hot and fresh. Pink Taco is great too.  Just watched the NBA title game last week at one of the bars in the new section.  It was a great time.  All in all, I think you'll be hard pressed to beat the value the Hard Rock offers.
1	DO NOT STAY @ THIS HOTEL... I REPEAT DO NOT STAY @ THE HARD ROCK HOTEL! I stayed here last weekend for 2 nights w/ a bunch of girlfriends for a bachelorette party and our experience @ the Hard Rock kept getting worse and worse from beginning to end of our stay. I swear whenever we said "It can't get any worse than this"... we were wrong! So here are all the things that went wrong last weekend: 1. We booked 2 adjacent rooms w/ 2 double beds each, BUT Hard Rock accidentally booked us 2 adjacent rooms w/ 1 king bed each. In result...no adjacent rooms, but we were able to get 2 rooms w/ 2 double beds. 2. Hard Rock changed their policy on comp'd wristbands for rehab, & did not bother to inform their guests. Apparently they only give 1 wristband per room (used to be based on how many people per room... 4 max) & everyone else to pay $100 a pop regardless if you are a guest. We were really upset about this because rehab was the main reason why we chose to stay @ the Hard Rock to get 4 comp'd wristbands. My friends spoke with the manager via phone & the manager was rude & even hung up on my friend then blamed my friend for hanging up. In the end, they wouldn't budge & stuck with their so called "policy" w/ 1 wristband per room & $100 a pop per additional person. 3. We found nails/screws on the floor in one of the rooms... since this was a HUGE no no on their end Hard Rock FINALLY agreed on giving 2 wristbands for rehab per room instead of 1 per room (AND P.S. the 7 additional people got hooked up & only paid $20 each to get into Rehab instead of $100 & we didn't have to wait in line!! SO IN YOUR FACE MF-in HARD ROCK HOTEL YOU LOST $560 HAHAHA!!!) 4. One of the rooms did not have a remote control for the TV, so one of the employees came by and brought a remote that didn't work.. then she came back again with another one that STILL didn't work & she said she would have an engineer come by, but he never did... Therefore, we didn't have a TV all freakin weekend!!! 5. We were being harassed by our next door neighbors (a bunch of loud obnoxious douche bags). So we get to our hotel room (3 of us girls) and one of the guys is standing outside his room asking us where we were partying @ that night. We were polite and whatever then his Sasquatch friend came out (not even kidding this guy is like 6'5, while all us girls are like 5'4 & under)... THEN once we opened our door to go in Sasquatch pried himself into our room & refused to get out, so 3 of my tiny friends had to push that fool out of our room. Mind you, these boys were super wasted/scary looking. We ended up calling security because we were so freaked out. Derrick from Security came up and spoke with us. He was very professional/accommodating & understood where we were coming from & he went over to talk to the guys to warn them that they are not to enter another guest's hotel room uninvited & if they cause trouble again then they will be removed from the hotel. Anyway, after doing this we were still scared to see these boys in the hallway. They ended up playing a practical joke and running down the hallway with a mask on screaming and scaring us. One of the guys also said "If you call security again, you're really gonna get it" .... I mean talk about feeling unsafe! I swear this hotel was filled with annoying douche bag guys! 6. We got charged $300+ for items from the mini bar which we never opened!! so we had to sort it out & the charges eventually got removed. 7. The icing to the cake: as we were all ready to check out of our room I opened the door and what did I see? A freakin thick vacum cord across the doorway as high as where my knee hits! I was like WTF?! Someone could really trip on this! So I unplugged it... The maid was across the hall and too lazy to plug it in in a closer outlet! and after I unplugged it dude gave me attitude! So there it is! I am never going to stay here again and I really dont recommend it to anyone else! If you wanna go to rehab, just stay somewhere else and then go to rehab separately. It's not worth the wristbands cuz you gotta wait in line anyway.
1	While saying a place is full of knuckleheads is not saying much in Las Vegas the level of knucklehead at the Hard Rock is even higher.  They are usually closing the pool for one thing or another and seriously who gives a fuck about Classic Rock anymore?  The Rehab pool party is a big disappointment too.  Each deck chair will cost you $150 to rent, the people there are not attractive, and the DJ recycles his tracks through a list of very weak hip-hop, uninteresting dance set and cheeseball medleys that will make you want to kill someone.The only highlight of Rehab was when these 10 women brawled it out after the liquor had been flowing and the sun was shining.  Luckily I was only visiting friends and was able to retire to my room closer to the strip when I wanted to get away.  I did enjoy the craps table by the pool.  The people running it were entertaining and I was on a roll.  If you think it might be a good idea to spend your money at the Hard Rock, think again and spend it on a nice BJ or maybe a meal at the MGM.
5	Loved this hotel and will only stay here in Vegas going forward! We celebrated my husband's 30th birthday with friends and had a wonderful time. The entire staff was helpful and courteous. The music vibe was great with good DJs at the pool and good music channels in the room. Food is great! Pink Taco has the best nachos ever and Johnny Smalls is wonderful.Take advantage of the happy hour specials starting at 4. The only bad thing I have to say is one friend of ours had a room directly above Vanity night club and had to listen to the loud base all night. They called the front desk after the first night and were given a $35 credit. Just make sure you don't get a room on the 3rd floor of the HRH tower.
4	i really liked this hotel!, the beds were comfy, the interior was nice, the tv was nice and big, and the rooms were nice as well!, the shower is a good size and the 2 sinks in the bathroom were very useful! they leave snacks by the tv and an "intimacy kit" but if you use them they will charge your card. Anyway our view was great. I was sad i didnt get to go in the pool because theres so much to do in vegas but they looked really nice from out window. The hotel is kinda far from the strip but we didnt mind driving. I loved the environment i will definitely be going back when i turn 21 :)
5	I've stayed at the Luxor and mirage (don't get me started on the Mirage after having the worst experience there) but I definitely thought the Hard Rock Hotel was my kind of place. Great music selection blasting out all day, gorgeous pool equipped with fake sand, so what if it's fake I still liked it. Nice clean rooms ( a bit on the dark side due to the red & black colour scheme) with a lovely big walk in shower. This place was a bit like the place to 'be seen' in with ample show off's etc but if you dismiss this it's actually quite a fun hotel with a young gorgeous tattood crowd prancing about everywhere.The hotel is not near the strip and is a taxi ride away or the hotel provides a free shuttle service hourly to drop you on the strip.The hotel itself swings either way as some of the party we were with hated everything about it so not everyone's cup of tea. If you like rock music, fun times and a young crowd head here, but if you like to be in bed by 9 so you're up early to see all the sights on the strip and wake to a buffet breakfast and get a relaxing time then this won't be for you
2	I JUST came back from the HRH and honestly, I could not believe how many hidden charges there are.  that's right ladies and gentlemen - HIDDEN CHARGES.  (1) They have a plethora of goodies, water, etc on the counter when you get inside that are weight sensored.  My friends and I didn't put anything near them in fear of them accusing us of eating/using their stuff.  (2) the mini bar is sensored to trigger if you just tap or bump it!  We didn't even open it, but were quite entranced by the blue glow coming from it's area.  We reviewed our bill and it was there - plain as day.(3) there is a "coomplementary" charge of $16.40 a night for use of their shuttle and gym - EVEN IF YOU DON'T USE EITHER.  We drove and relaxed and yet still had to pay this on top of our bill.  ridiculous.  (4)  It is pretty far off the strip.  My friend convinced me to stay there because they said it was close.  It is NOT walking distance to anything.  Be prepared to drive or taxi.  On the plus side, the light sconces have real cymbals over them and look cool and the memorabilia they have is awesome.  But you can see all that for free.
1	There are so many things that displeased me with the Hard Rock Hotel. My friends and I thought we got a great deal here because it was 30% off for summer nights or whatever. Sadly, it does not even throw off the hidden fees that get tacked onto your bill. The rooms were okay, but the shower was freaking short. I'm 5 ft 2 inches and I was able to reach the top of the ceiling, how is anyone that is super tall able to shower?! Anyways, there was a security deposit fee that is non-refundable that is $30. On top of that we didn't notice that there is a $15.00 resort fee that is tacked on to the overall price when you check-out. It came out to like $16.80 with tax each day for this service. The resort fee "covers 2 complimentary rock spa gym passes per registered guest per day, strip shuttle service 10am-6pm 7 days a week, free local and long distances phone calls within the contiguous 48 states valet parking is complimentary and available at all times to hotel guests." The only thing that bugs me about this service is that we had to PAY for complimentary services, seriously, WHAT THE FUCK. They don't even mention this at all and leave a tiny card as a little disclaimer where your card keys all. Another thing that baffles me is how Hard Rock Hotel's website shows pools that are all lit up and pretty at night. Thing is.. they close off the pool the moment it hits sunset. The last final thing that bugged me was that we did get minibar charges and we didn't touch anything at all, my friends and I made sure we weren't even close to the censors, but somehow we still got charged. At least, reception was able to clear that up right away. The only good thing was the one worker that opened the door for us while we were leaving. I guess that was the only good service about it and that's probably because he saw how angry we were and how we wanted to get out fast. Don't even come near this place when you're considering VEGAS. it's not even near the strip at all. :( You will get ripped off for staying at the Hard Rock, STAY AWAY FROM HERE!
3	I had higher expectations for this place, but what it boils down to is that I think it's really a place for people in their early twenties.  We stayed in the Paradise Tower - rooms were fairly average, two double beds, flat screen tv, mini bar, bathroom with his & her sinks, shower (no tub).  My main complaint with the room was that the AC was definitely not functioning at its best.  Our room overlooked the main pool, and it just so happens that the Rehab party was going on the day we checked in.  We were considering going.....until we got to watch from our room all the shenanigans that were taking place down below.  This was entertainment at it's very finest folks.  Yup, there were people doin it in the pool, and not very discretely either!  When we stopped back to our room in the late afternoon it was a complete and utter shit show down there!  The water was straight up murky, filled with beer, urine, and God only knows what else.  No thank you.  Fortunately there are a few other pools- one other large pool area, another smaller more posh pool area that basically just had cabanas and no loungers, and then a tiny roof top pool.  At first I didn't like the sand at the pool because I thought it made the water look dirty, but it grew on me, and there is an area without sand as well.  Loved that there were cheap eats offered at the pool area, didn't love the dude that searched my bag upon entering the area because he had to "check for drugs".  Back off buddy.  We ate at both Pink Taco and Mr. Lucky's while we stayed here and had great food at both, and it was nice that these restaurants were more reasonably priced than the restaurants at most of the other casinos.  The gaming area here is kind of small, but no big deal.  This hotel is located just off the strip- a very short, and cheap cab ride.  Not sure if I'll ever be back in Vegas, but if I were I probably wouldn't stay here again- I'd rather go for a shorter amount of time and stay at a nicer place.  Again, I think Hard Rock really caters to those fresh out of college.
2	Just got back from staying here in July,Overall i give it two stars--the plus+ is that it has cool rock n roll memorabilia everywhere and the food in the hotel was very pleasant+hotel bedding was comfy, nice flat screen tv--the negatives---the pool was a big disappointment especially when its 110 and all you want to do during the day is hang at the pool, why because they only have 40 plus lawn chairs to layout on when thousands of people stay here--what was annoying is they had other areas for people to sit but (little square couch seats), but my hubby and I were kicked off because to sit on those seats you had to atleast spend $150 on drinks. Might I add no one was sitting up there, they were all empty, we were stuck sitting on hot concrete which did not make sense, so we tried to get there early the following morning and they kick us out because they had pipe problems, and then that afternoon around 4pm they shut it down, for a concert that was occuring inside, might I add this is occuring on a friday afternoon.Also their pool drinks  $22 dollar mixed drinks which was watered down and yes you had two choices for beverage sizes small plastic cup $13 bucks and for a large souvenir plastic cup-$22 bucks.The hotel brags alot about the whole pool scene,rehab was a joke.. i was disappointed and they closed the pool alot for different reasons, --Also nothing is included with this hotel, a lot of nickel and diming for everything, beware, you may find it on priceline for a decent price, but there are alot of hidden fees...added fees once you check in.And plus to add to that this hotel is not near the strip and not in walking distance during the hot season, beware...1.5 mile walkoverall--If you are not interested in their pool and have the extra cash to spill out than sure stay there,if you want a nice pool environment look elsewhere and just visit the hotel to look at their rock n roll memorablia..
4	I recently just got back from celebrating my friends 21st bday in Vegas.... and wow! We stayed at the Hard Rock, it was full of young people. When it came to dinning there were no cheap places to eat though, luckily  it's located off the strip so there was a shopping center across the street that had an amazing pizza joint ( saved us a few bucks). The reason i gave this place a 4 and not a 3 is because of the pool!! it was amazing, i honestly felt like i was in the tropics far far away from the crazy Vegas atmosphere!!! I will stay here again just for the pool.
1	Just got back from Las Vegas - and spent two nights at this place. I am a very frequent traveler - both business as well as for leisure - and thus spend much of my time in various hotels around the globe. Experiences always vary - and are of course linked to price (i.e.: you should get what you pay for). This hotel however is an icon of under performance and tops my list of bad experience! Here's what went wrong: (1) Check-in queue - waiting for roughly 30 minutes to check-in as the staff is too slow - and too little in number (2) Noisy lobby - that's fine, it's the Hard Rock - we want it like this - but this does not go well with grumpy staff that does not speak up loud enough - and international visitors might have trouble understanding a slurry English; never forget: they seem to forget that the first impression is the most important one - so don't let fools greet your clients (3) Booked a room with two beds and a decent view - got a room with 1 bed looking at the park garage (4) Immediately complained - was informed that a reservation only gives the right for a room, not what type... Now I am slowly getting pissy. ARE YOU KIDDING!!! I booked 2 months in advance - and the reservation system can't handle a request like 2 beds instead of 1??? Man - I like my buddy who was traveling with me - but not in my bed! (5) Person on phone said they might have something the next day (on Saturday? Really? How many people check-out on Saturday, not Sunday??) - but I need to call in the morning.... Hey - what about YOU CALLING ME? Pro-activeness?? (6) Next day, no other room available - no extra bed, no better view - but still paying the same price as booked. What I hear is "Sir, this is not possible - you have the right to the room you are in - nothing else available. Good bye"... Not even: sorry, apologies - or maybe a free drink? Maybe even just the 8 dollar water bottle as a little gift? (7) So next day, 7am (still up - ok, a bit drunk) - I ask if I could at least extend check-out from 11am (11????) to maybe 2pm, as my flight is at 5pm. "No sir, we have strict rules, check-out is 11". Explained what all went wrong - but no: 11 - good bye. (8) Grumpy - packed our stuff - checked out at eleven - or better: stood in line at 10:45 - and finally checked out at 11:20.... (9) As we only had 2 people on the reservation we only got 2 wrist bands for the Rehab Pool Party - so asked if we could get two more (room states up to 4 people) for our friends. Guess what: "No, these additional people were not stated". No exceptions, nothing. (10) So head to Rehab entrance to see what can be done to get our friends in, too - so we can have fun and spend some more money. Nope - and what's worse, not event the two of us get in, as we're not staying the night from Sunday to Monday... REALLY???? We would need to spend 100 dollars each???? By now we're getting in to 4-letter-word terrain - we drop 700 dollars in pure room charges - and another 2'000 at restaurant, bar, club (not even mentioning the casino)??? And we can't go to REHAB without paying another 100 bucks? (11) OK - we leave - earlier flight to get the hell out of here - stand in taxi line for another 25 minutes - and finally escape. I hardly ever give bad feedback like this - but even today (hangover gone, head's all clear) the money spent at this place was completely wasted, and I have had better treatment in 8 dollar pousadas in Brazil. Admittedly, they're getting away with it - but it'll catch-up: great places like the Mandarin Oriental offer a really cool bar, immaculate service - and comparable rates. Brands never ensured the survival of a company - service however does.
3	I had a great time on my last trip to Vegas - however I think it was more thanks to the Patron than the Hard Rock. Likes: The pool - great vibe if you want to drink and dance in the pool. Not great if you want to relax and sunbathe. The music is loud and the people are all over the place. The overall vibe: Very young vibe in the hotel. Guest are typically in their 20-30s and all have the same party attitude. Makes for a fun scene when you all are on the same page. Very comfortable bed! Hotel Service: I see some complaints about the service but I had a great experience. I had a gift sent to a room and the woman was very accommodating to my particular situation. The servers were very friendly and one waitress even gave our party of 8 a round of shots on the house. Music - Wasted Space, Vanity and Rehab all played a great mix of dancing music.  Dislikes:2 people per room get in free - the rest have to pay $20. Its worth it but is still a super lame policy. Plus they screen you better than TSA. The female security checked under my boobs before I entered. Wow. The room has a big mirror in the bathroom and a few mirrors on the bathroom door but only 1 outlet. Not the best set up if you are planning a girls trip and want to all get ready together. Bartender Service: At Wasted Space I ordered a cranberry vodka and basically got a glass of cranberry juice. I asked for a little splash more of vodka but the bartender said I would have to pay for an entire new drink. Then at Vanity I ordered 2 shots of Parton, about 15 minutes apart. I was charged $16 for one and $25 for the other - the EXACT same drink. These were my first two drinks of the evening so I was not drunk and over tipping. These people overcharged me and will not respond to my inquiries about why. Overall I would return to the Hard Rock. I had so much fun drinking and dancing that the several complaints I had were worth my stay.
4	After staying at the Hard Rock multiple times this year, I think I can finally give this place a fair and non-bias review. Unfortunately months before my stay, Hard Rock implemented a policy which forces hotel guests who pay less then $150 a night on Sunday to pay the full cover charge of $100 at Rehab. That pretty much takes a portion of the HRH attraction away. Until they change this policy, I can never give this place a 5 star rating. Now on to the review! My first stay was in the casino tower mountain view room. This side I must say is quieter, and if you are looking for a better place to sleep, choose this side. My second stay was on the pool view, which featured two queen beds. I actually like this setup, especially on the weekends. Be prepared for your TV and all you room furniture to shake when you open your balcony door. It is never going to be noise proof cause you are right above the HRH pool.  Rooms itself are definitely 4  1/2 star quality after the most recent renovations. The cleaning people do a great job of refilling soaps, and dirty towels. I have not had a problem with it all 4 nights per the two vacations I have stayed here.  Room size is absolutely excellent and perfect for a couple or maybe even 3-4 people in a double queen size setup. The demographics HRH attracts are the party people. So don't be bitching if you hear hell of a lot of noise in a room across from you at 5am in the morning. You are probably making a Vegas mistake if you are already in bed and listening to that noise during those times. My favorite factor about HRH is the size. It is small enough so it does not feel like you are walking through a mini-mall. Even with the new expansions, I was able to park in the new parking structure and get to my room within 10 minutes. That's absolutely amazing with today's mega hotels. Even if you get front door parking, it's usually an average of 20 minutes to go through all the hoopla. The features and amenities that catered the best to me was definitely the HRH pool. Unfortunately I was not able to check out Rehab Sundays on the last trip, and it was too cold to get in the water the previous trip, however I must say S.K.A.M. Saturdays is off the hook. They feature some top 40 with house music, and the crowd is alive and happening. Lots of top notch beautiful ladies as one would expect at any high class Vegas pool parties. Vanity, the best club in this joint is also one of my favorites. Please check my Vanity reviews if you want details (http://www.yelp.com/biz/vanity-las-vegas-2#hrid:7Sw13T_sT6LTY2m-vGuILQ), but it is as classy as Vegas clubs goes. I would compare it to a smaller version of Tryst. A very sexy medium sized boutique club.Lastly, who can forget those drunken adventures at Mr. Luckys 24/7. It is absolutely hang over food at its best. Don't expect to get great service, or your meal to be prepared quickly especially when you come in at 6AM. However they do have a full menu available to you all day around the clock. It was perfect for me since I was never able to eat on a regular schedule on my Jack Colton forums debauchery invasions. Also for those of you that want to save a dime, you can walk across to either CVS or a couple of sandwich shops to grab a snack as well. Overall, I would say HRH is the perfect hotel for me. It delivers the party that I need, and at the same time gives me a class that I would expect at a Vegas resort. I am hoping that they can get that Rehab policy turned around, then I will definitely be looking into making this my permanent summer time getaway destination for years to come.
5	I only got to spend one night in the new HRH All-Suite Tower but for my next trip to Vegas, I would definitely stay here again!  The side entrance allows for self-park, valet, and bag check and there was virtually no line any time!  The staff was very helpful and our entrance and exit were so much faster because we didn't have to go all the way through the main HRH casino entrance.  The room was fantastic...super spacious tub for relaxing, awesome in-wall iPod sound dock with touch screen controls, sizable sofa for lounging, purple and gray color scheme...loved it!  The best part though...the comfy bed and pillows.  Seriously, my head hit the bed and i slept like a cloud was wrapped around me all night.  I even called back after my stay to find out what kind of mattress it was!!My only regret was that we didn't have time to check out the pool - it was a non-stop party I would like to have gone to...next time, Vegas, next time!!
5	So, my husband and I took a mini vacation to Las Vegas this weekend and stayed at the Hard Rock.  A bit off the strip, but we didn't mind.  We stayed in the new tower (not the HRH Suites) and it was great.  Our view was of the strip and at night it was beautiful!  The windows in the room are from top to bottom and from side to side.  The bed was large with lots of pillows and a big poofy duvet.  Rich colors of burgundy, brown and black accented the decor.  We never heard any of our neighbors.  The pools were great.  Rehab pool was closed when we were there so we had to use the other ones.  Lots of room and chairs so not a problem.  Not much shade though so either get there very very early to reserve one of your umbrellas.  Cabanas were too expensive to consider, even on a Monday.  All the people were super nice.  The food was great too.  Highly recommended and we will certainly return!
1	My friends and I always choose Hard Rock as the hotel to stay at every time we go to Vegas.  Our prior experiences were great and fabulous until the last visit last May of this year.   I was so livid when I checked out of this hotel. First of all, we stay at HR because we like the fact that we can go to Sunday Rehab without any problems and get in for free. As we checked in the hotel, we were told that the policy changed and we need book our room for Sunday night to get the same privileged we had before.  The front desk was trying to charge us the regular rate and said the Rehab entrance fee was about $100-$250 per person.  We opted for another room and managed to get in ourselves for free at the door.  We felt like they were trying really hard to get us to stay one more night and pay a higher room rate.  I was so livid when I checked out of the hotel.  One thing for sure is that I will not stay at Hard Rock going forward.  I feel that they use the pool party to act "big and mighty" and lost their great customer service they once had.  Next trip will definitely be at Encore and my Sunday Rehab days is over.  This experience totally turned me off!!
4	Definitely would go back to this place. We saw  a deal on Slick deals for $30 per night and we jumped on it - I've never been to the Hard Rock and I didn't have high expectations for a room that was only $30 a night. Boy, was I wrong. We got to stay in HRH and we were so confused when they told us we have a private entrance. But it was amazing- it's a private entrance to the parking lot and the guest elevators, the reception was fantastic and the room was the. best. thing. ever. I was expecting a matchstick room, but it had its own living room, two TVs, and in-room sound system. I wanted to stay swathed in their down comforter forever. The casino and hotel itself is always in top party mode, but never too crowded where I feel stifled and paranoid but just enough where it's super fun. It's the perfect mixture of relaxation and fun. The HRH suites are never loud and actually gives you a great amount of privacy. Rehab was a little problematic. This was my first time to these kinds of pools in Vegas -- I came too late in the afternoon to grab one of the very, very few recliners and I didn't even want to think about the cabanas. I didn't know where to leave my stuff while in the pool, either. The pool itself is great, great music and atmosphere and not too crowded if you're cool with just lounging in the pool. The one tiny problem was-and it wasn't entirely their fault either-how they took the deposit. The rooms were only $30/ night but they withdrew the $250 regular price of the room from our accounts (per night) which put a huge dent on how much we can spend. I guess next time we just have to prepare the accounts better. Despite being off the strip, it's only a $9 cab ride to the main attractions. I would pay that to get away from the hectic Strip atmosphere -- overall, I would definitely come back again (hopefully with this deal). The people are super nice, Mr. Lucky is delicious, the rooms are great, the pool's amazing.
5	I absolutely loved my stay at Hard Rock.  I flew into Vegas just to see Steve Lawler dj, which was totally off the hook.  I stroll in there 8pm on a Wednesday, so of course they had plenty of rooms available.  I got the room so cheap.....and they upgraded me to a deluxe friggin suite that overlooked the pool and the Strip!  I was buzzing off the vibe of the room, and it was already time to party at the club.  I would definitely stay here again.  They had a massive remodel and have an All-Suite tower that looks really impressive.  I love that they gaming floor is intimate and fun, unlike those at Caesar's and MGM.  Pink Taco was delicious, and the pool had a great vibe (didn't get to experience Rehab).  This place is young, hip and perfect for Vegas.
4	This is THE place for mid 20's to early 30's! It was a great time, and the 'scenery' was crazy. This isn't the best hotel to gamble at, but you really come here for the pool anyway. A few things to be warned:1. There is a $15 resort fee for each day2. No carry-in's are allowed into the pool (at least on the weekends)3. Pool closes at 6pm4. You must be staying Sun. night to utilize the VIP entrance for Rehab. 5. And DON'T touch the in-room food/beverages. They have sensors. I would stay here again, and again!  We were in the Casino Tower, basic room, but it was very nice. Beds super comfortable too!
1	Dear yelpers,I would like to advise all of you that this hotel is absolute bs. I booked my room 3 months in advance asked for a pool view right next to rehab and miraculously ended up in a different tower overlooking a parking garage with a lack of wristbands to accommodate the amount of people in my room.Their remedy to this disaster of a trip was definitely not well taken care of. Hotels in Vegas give their customers above and beyond service when they screw up, but this place is acting like they are on a budget.I am thoroughly pissed off and will never return here again. If I was able to give 0 stars I would.
1	Lets just run down what happened at the Hard Rock Hotel Tower in Las Vegas.Check in is supposed to be between 3 and 4 in the afternoon.  We arrived at 4:20pm and I was told my room was still not ready.  They told me it should be "inspected" in the next 30 to 40 minutes.  I was then supposed to sit in the lobby with my wife and wait.  Not the way to start a trip.  There should be no reason why all the reservations can't be ready by the 4pm check in time.Our room was very nice with one feature that was really cool.  Music piped into the room with a pretty cool selection.  Dimmers were not available on any of the lights.  They are either on full blast or off.  Not a good design.  Also no free Internet which I think in a suite this should be standard.We went out to dinner had a nice time in Vegas and returned to the room around 1am.  Hard Rock has a new club called Vanity that was pounding music 4 floors bellow us.  It was so disturbingly loud in the room we thought, "this can not be happening."  I called the front desk and was told the music would stop by 4am.  WHAT!!!.  I was also told they could not move me as they were at capacity.  By 3am I was so over the noise I would have paid a premium to be anywhere else.  We couldn't find a room and I didn't want to loose what we had already committed by signing the room contract at HRH.I called the desk again at 3am.  The woman told me they would move us first thing in the morning and she was sorry,  and to come down early to get it handled.  Now its Sunday morning and Rehab pool is about to  begin its music soon (we had a pool view room), so I got up early and tried to have the situation fixed.  I asked for a manager at 9am.  The woman told me she could help (not wanting to get a manager) and would see what she might be able to do.  She apologized and said she could move us but not until 11 or 12!!  I was not happy.  She then offers $50 dollars off for "breakfast".  This is insulting but I take the $50 and say Ill be back by 12 noon.  We go to lunch.  Hang out wait half the day and come back to the HRH Tower at 3pm.  I ask for the keys for our new room.  A new front desk employee (with a horrible attitude) tells me the room is still not "inspected" and it will be another 30 to 40 minutes, I've heard that before.  Now I am ballistic.  I ask for a manager right away.  The GM will not come out right away.  He's busy and she says "he will be out in about 20 minutes."In the mean time the original girl comes walking back from her break (the one I spoke to at 9am). I explain to her what is happening and she goes behind the counter, looks in the computer and says "your room is ready."  We move and a GM never comes out to talk to me face to face.  I'm"m told he or she will call me.  I get to he new room and the GM has left a message on my new room phone.  A great way not to have to talk to me.  I call her back and am told she is busy but will call in a few minutes.  She never calls.  The next morning I ask about talking to someone, like the GM who called me last night and left a message.  I'm told she is now on military leave and is not available.Long story short we fly home and at 11pm Monday night I get someone on the line and tell them my story.  He gives me $150 off and sends the confirmation in an email that say's "do not respond to this email."  I promise I wont respond ever.Morgan's Hotel group you now have the two worst hotel experiences I have ever had HRH Tower in Vegas and the Hudson Hotel in NYC. I promise to never stay at any of your facilities again.  Get some better costumer service or get out of the hospitality business. You guys are the worst, the absolute worst.
2	I stayed there a couple of weeks ago for just one night while we waited for our resort to have our room ready the next day and I must say I was very dissapointed. The best part about our stay was the food other then that the room had a cochroach fall from the patio door and the next morning when we needed to take a taxi to our resort the security/men out front in charge of traffic were yelling at our taxi driver on the top of their lungs calling him stupid and all kinds of names. All because he asked for confirmation on the location of our resort. They really should work on having "happier" security out front especially when there are guest in the taxi cabs.
1	If you get room 10300 in HRH tower....RUNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I booked a double-queen in the paradise tower, called ahead to let the front desk we were gonna be arriving late due to fires in the LA area.  Finally arrived only to find that they had given our room away and only had a king bed for us.  Well we had 3 large males and only one bed.  They told us they would fix the situation the next morning.  Of course, the next day being a saturday (who checks out on a saturday?) they were unable to fix our room.  So I complained to guest services, and the guy was rather nice.  So they in fact "upgrade" us to the HRH-all suite tower.  Were given room 10300, which just happened to be the room located right above their new night club The Vault.  And i do mean RIGHT ABOVE.  Music was thumping until 4 in the morning!!!!  It became obvious that room 10300 was the room they give to people who complain about their own room, and try to trick people in to thinking its an upgrade.   Worst hotel experience I've ever had.  I will never be staying here again.
4	I would give 4.5 stars if I could. I was worried after seeing some of the reviews on here but after spending the weekend at the Hard Rock I am happy to report that a lot of them are unfounded. Nice, clean room, comfortable bed and decent bathroom in the casino tower. The staff was friendly for the most part except for a couple bad seeds who just don't have the time of day for you at all. Saw a concert at the Joint which was fantastic, and it's so great to be able to see big name acts in a nice place like the hotel. My only gripe was with the blackjack tables - a lot of them only pay 6:5 odds on blackjack instead of 3:2, and it's not well advertised.But overall, extremely awesome affordable place for a younger crowd and I would/will definitely stay there again.
2	My boyfriend and I just returned from a four day vacation in Las Vegas - my first time and his second.  We chose the Hard Rock Casino based on a handful of factors, including:- Friends' recommendation- Price- Interest in on-site showsIt was an interesting experience, but I wouldn't go back.  And here's why...The Good:The Hard Rock Casino/Hotel is made up of three towers, the casino, two clubs/event areas (Joint and Rogue), bars (Skybar, Vanity), and a handful of restaurants (Johnny Smalls, Pink Taco, Mr. Lucky's 24/7, Nobu, Rare 120, Ago).  There's also an on-site tattoo parlor, a couple of 'rock shops', three pools, Reliquary (Spa) and the RockSpa (gym).  This means that there are a variety of options to explore and you can (if you're interested) stay there without needing to leave. We stayed in the Casino tower in a standard room that looked out over the pool, and it was perfectly nice.  The art is photographs of rockers (in our room, Janice Joplin and Jimi Hendrix), the furniture is very modern, the bed is very soft, and you get four huge kingsized pillows.  As mentioned, the blackout shades are fantastic - you can definitely ignore the world if you need to.The pools are well-designed; a combination of a beach/spa/tropical sort of feel.  There is swim-up gambling, lots of waitresses to get you drinks from the bar, and the bar itself is really fast (perfect to grab a drink and run). (NOTE - a double jack and coke?  $22.)We saw a show at the Joint, the event venue, and it was fantastic.  They only allow in 4000 people, which means just about anywhere you are, you can see/feel/hear the band perfectly.We ate at Nobu and at Ago.  In both places, the waitstaff were extremely welcoming, friendly, and warm.  The food was delicious, especially at Nobu, and we had no trouble moving our reservations around to accommodate our show-tickets.The Bad:  The whole place, other than the rooms, smells like smoke.  The ventilation is awful, especially in the hallways walking from tower to towner, or to the restaurants.  The inside is kept overly cold; even though it was 100+ outside, they kept it in the 60s indoors, so it was really hard to go from place to place and be 'dressed right'.  You'd think, with the encouragement in Vegas to wear as little as possible, that this wouldn't have been an issue.The lighting in the rooms is awful.  Its hard to put on makeup in that lighting.Gambling is not a priority at the Hard Rock.  We'd originally planned to enter one of the morning poker tournaments, but the total number of people participating varied between 3-5; we may as well have played in our room together and saved the money.  As a result of the lack of emphasis on gambling, the casino is pretty dead except from midnight - 2amish.  Which is a drag.There is only one restaurant to get breakfast.  The 24/7, which serves diner food.  Otherwise, you either get Starbucks and skip it all together.  Similarly, if you want something to eat after ~10pm on a weekday?  Its the 24/7 or nothing.  Yes, you can stop by Fuel (the convenient store) if you want a power bar.  But again, the lack of choices is just sort of a bummer when you're looking for a 'vegas experience'.During the day, its a bit of a drag.  Unlike the other casinos (e.g. Mandalay Bay, MGM, etc) there are no shows or events to do during the week.  If you're not out by the pool, then... you're probably passed out.  Because seriously, there's nothing.  Finally, the pool scene is ridiculous.  You can't bring any beverages in, even water or your morning iced latte.  The first time I realized this, I had to throw out the coffee I'd literally just bought.  I get that they want people to buy pool drinks, but that's over the top in my opinion.  You also can't bring in bags/backpacks, so forget about bringing your iPod to listen to tunes or your Kindle to do a little reading.  It'll get lost/stolen/destroyed.  During the week (when its less busy), the Rehab pool is closed; you can only use the Casino pool, which (as a result) becomes really crowded.  You also can't use the beds/white poufs unless you meet the drink/spending minimum (~$100) which means there's perfectly good seating that can't be used.  On Saturday and Sunday (when the AM SKRAM and Rehab are going), you are searched and have to stand in line to even go out by the pool at all.  Its a huge hassle.  And the people you're interacting with, 99.9% of the time, are already hammered.  People start drinking at 10am (when the pool opens) and continue all day.  So there's no filter... there's no courtesy.  Its pretty gross.Summary - I realize I probably come off as an old person (I'm not - I'm 30) in this review, but all told, this resort was not for me.  Much as I loved Nobu and seeing Coheed at the Joint, I could just as easily have done that and stayed somewhere nicer/with more to do.  There wasn't anything about staying at the HRH that made me want to come bac
4	I love the hard rock so I couldn't wait to stay in the hotel. The front dest service was great. The valet and bell hop needed a little work/help. I love the atmosphere of this place, energetic and fun. Great range of ages. I love the decor of the room but it was dirty and the tv didn't work. I'm glad I didn't come for the amenties of the room. I wanted to give all five stars but the fact that the room was dirty and the tv didn't work and they couldn't accomodate, I gave four.
3	The Hard Rock is a very good off-strip casino.  The off-strip part is also its greatest negative.  If you do not plan to leave the casino much than this is a good choice.  The Rio and The Palms are also very good off-strip choices.Pay attention to which tower you book.  That way you know which parking garage to use.  Otherwise you could have a mile long walk to your room at check-in.We stayed in the Paradise Tower.  The rooms are average in size.  The decorations are modern with the obviuos rock style.  The beds are comfortable.The casino floor is not that large, but there are some $5 tables for those on a budget.  There is a convenience store and a Starbucks inside.  There are a few decent places to dine.The pool area is good.  There is even a small sandy beach area by the pool.  It would be nice if it was a bigger area, but it is fun none the less.  The pool area generally has a party atmosphere, especially on weekends.As I said, if your goal is to spend any amount of time on the strip stay on the strip.  If you want to just hang out in the one place and party, then Hard Rock is for you.
5	Note: This is a review is based on the poolside concert featuring Wolfmother on 8/20/2010Perhaps it is due to the fact that I was finally able to see on of my all-time favorite bands (Wolfmother) live in concert, but this place was a perfect concert venue. I sold my girlfriend on coming out to Vegas for a weekend just to see this band. First off: the security guys here are super-strict!! Everyone entering the the venue was thoroughly frisked and all ladies' purses were searched. So be careful what you bring with you, you may lose it. I'd like to thank the security guys for giving us a weed-free show. I don't judge people who smoke weed, I just hate the smell of that crap. After making it through security, everything was chill. Good pre-show music played over the sound system, FREE tequila sunrises until 9pm, and there was room to wander around. All for $25!! The entire venue is general admission standing room only unless you rent a cabana. We chose to sit across the pool from the band, giving us an opportunity to hang out with out feet in the water all night. Another thing I really liked was that there is enough room for everyone to spread out a bit and enjoy the show. We never felt like it was crowded, even though there were a lot of people there. I guess the only thing that seemed lacking was the stage lighting on the stage. It was pretty basic. I don't know who arranges lighting, whether the band brings their own lighting guys or the venue provides it, but it could have been better. It was still cool, though. We didn't play in the casino at all, but it looked decent enough and was packed with people having a good time. So, an epic rock band, cool staff, free drinks, and great atmosphere made for the one hell of a show and a great time at the Hard Rock. 5, face-melting, hard rock, stars!
4	I was very excited about staying at the Hard Rock..its once of my favorite hotels in Vegas. I was lucky enough to score a room in the Paradise Tower. It was all new and pretty. The bath had a giant shower that could fit 3 people in it easy!The bed was super fluffy with a nice down comforter. When you fell into it you were swallowed up..it was so comfy you didnt want to check out..ever!We stayed 2 nights before it was back to reality..I cant wait to stay here again..maybe this years Fetish?
4	Whether you're in your early 20s or in your 50s partying it hard like the youngins, I imagine you'll enjoy the Hard Rock. Yeah, you probably don't want to come here to gamble, but if to-be-seen is your goal then I suggest staying here. A few highlights:The rooms in the Paradise Tower were well appointed with showers that could hold several people, if you know what I'm talkin about ;) The beds and pillows were heavenly and put me right to sleep at 5:30 in the morning (although the time and exhaustion could have helped with that too.) And like others have said, do not move anything in the mini bar cuz it is monitored by weight sensors. I unfortunately did not take up the chance to see the rooms in HRH, but heard they were as awesome as the ones in PT.I was bummed that I missed out on Wolfmother Friday night at Rehab, the incredibly decked out pool party at the hotel. I did spend some time at Skybar on Sunday though, dancing and drinking the afternoon away with the bachelor party I met up with earlier that morning. Compared to Rehab it was much more tame, however still a cockfest in its own right. I would have liked to hit up Rehab instead, but by the time we got there we heard entrance fees went up to $150 for guys. Obviously for 7 guys they were not gonna do this and we ended up at the $0 entrance fee Skybar.I'm not sure how prices are usually for this hotel...drinks, food, or standard room pricing... cuz I stayed, ate and drank for free. One friend got his room for an insane deal at $39 and another got his for $69 both online and both two-double standard bed rooms. For those prices, I would gladly stay here because they come with wristbands for Rehab each night you're staying and if you're staying the weekend -- Awesome!!!!!
5	If you are in Vegas and you don't hang out at Hard Rock, then you haven't experienced VEGAS!!!!  Hard Rock is THE place to go to in LV.  Forget the fact that it is off the strip.  Once you are at HRH, you never need to leave.
5	OMG. If you get the opportunity you must stay in the HRH suite. It is super nice. I loved staying in that hotel room. It is the best. I plan on staying there again and again. By the way this is not a place for the kiddies which is what I loved about this hotel. This is definitely a party hotel! Enjoy
4	The Hard Rock was a great hotel....  The food was great (everything we ate there was so good), the rooms were awesome, the atmosphere was spot on!  The only 2 downsides were that it's not close enough to the strip where you can just walk.  Trust me... we tried and it took us almost 40 min; granted my friend walks slow, however, the map showed it was only 2 blocks away, they failed to include the 5 blocks that are within each "block" and these are long blocks.  The maps are not to scale at all.  We took a cab to and from the strip which ran us $10 each way.  The second downfall was the whole Rehab thing... My friend emailed them a week or so before we got there and asked how much to go and they said around $20 for ladies and $50 for guys.  When we went to check in the lady told us that it's only that price if you are staying Sunday night and you spend a minimum of $100 (which includes the room, so that would have covered it if we stayed Sunday night too), however, we left that day.  She said that it would be $100 per person to go, sorry, but NO party is worth paying $100 just to get in.  So if you are staying there and want to go to Rehab, don't forget to stay Sunday night too.
5	It is a fun place for attractive Ladies to pick up really hot guys! Unfortunatey there are a lot of less attractive ladies and even lesser hot guys as well. Since I am not in the metro sexual look maybe thats way. I like a real man, a brute, an oger. Guys there seem to be combing their chest hair twice a day, if they dont get them waxed off or are to boyish to even have some. Im not a chest hair fan, so I usually dont look anyways. I like big arms.There are a lot of really weird guys too, they think that if a girl is more attractive she must be a hooker. I could have made a lot of money in one night. Since I go there a lot, I could be a millionare with some kind of STD by now for sure.We go there because of Vanity, THE best club ever. (it used to be body english) Pink Taco is another favorite spot to eat. But mostly, girls, go for the hot guys. Guys, please only go there if you are hot and only on nights when we are there. I love hot big guys... so be big and muscular and no skinny minny.My friend sees a lot of reality tv people there, since I so dont care, I have no clue who these people are. But I wouldnt even recognize the president. Because I dont really care :)
4	If you're looking for a relaxing, peaceful oasis then this is probably not the hotel for you. Definitely a young, hip party crowd. We checked in on sunday afternoon and got an amazing rate of only $69 for the night. Our room was quaint and very chic. Beds were super comfy. We immediately went to the pool after checking in. Rehab was going on, but you had to spend an extra $100 to even get passes to go in, so we went to the other pool. It was nice, not too crowded, and clean. My only issue was the cleanliness of the hotel. Overall it was ok, but if you are a clean freak germaphobe like me then you will definitely notice some areas that could use some work. The elevators had a very mild lingering smell of vomit and it looked like the hallways leading to the rooms hadn't been vacuumned in days. I also went to use what i thought would be a brand new bar of soap in our rooms' bathroom, but was completely disgusted to find a used bar covered in hair come out of the box.Other than those minor issues everything else was great. The staff was super friendly and helpful and it was overall a pretty badass hotel. I'll definitely be back:)
4	I'm not your typical Vegas-goer as I don't do the club scene and am usually here for conferences.  HRH has a reputation for being pretty crazy with their Rehab party - from the looks of it, I think it certainly lived up to that reputation.  Here's a review from someone who was sober the entire time:Pools:  I think that they have the best pools in Vegas.  If you're like me, then Sunday morning is probably not the best time to go...but anytime during the week, when it's fairly empty, the pools are like a glimmering oasis of blue.  I think there's 10 or more.  I know that they close early, but I was able to walk in and dip my toes in ... I saw some people swimming so as long as you're discreet, maybe it's possible to do some pm swimming :)Food:  I only ate at Pink Taco.  Their happy hour was ridiculously cheap.  We sat at the bar and ordered one of everything (giant fatties).  They seem to do chicken the best (skewers).  I also recommend the tamales.Room:  We stayed in the Paradise Tower.  It's set further back from the hotel.  The room is very rock 'n roll - dark wall paper (very gothic) and I think the most comfortable bed...ever?  I've slept in some nice beds, but wow...after a long (make that 5 LONG days at a conference) this was a total treat.  Bathroom:  The shower was pretty big and I like that it was separate from the sinks.  Products were great - some brand, Prickly Pear (?).  Gym:  I really wanted to go...it looked very clean, small, but had a lot of equipment.  I took a star off because the resort fee does suck - especially since I didn't get to use any of the amenities.
3	I wouldn't stay here if it wasn't for Rehab Sundays at the pool.Rooms are mediocre compared to other Hard Rock locations. The location isn't too bad for being off the strip (near City Center, but east of Las Vegas Blvd).
5	This review is for the Santana show which was awesome.  He started off with Black Magic Woman covered a Led Zep tune and a Cream song.  So much energy on the stage, it just caught you up in the music and that Latin Beat.  Great sound, and loud, so if you are a fuddy duddy don'y go!!
4	Great hotel with comfortable beds and big rooms. I have stayed here a couple of times and it's nice. What surprises me is that I can always find a pretty good price for this hotel, even last minute.Really close to the airport, off the strip.
3	This place has its ups and downs.  The staff is friendly and very helpful.  The rooms are just average, the casino is small, but looks to be very well kept and clean.  Far from the strip, expect to pay $10+ to get anywhere on the strip, one-way.  We got a steal and found rooms for $30/night though, however this hotel charges $17/night resort fee to everyone.  Rehab however... was AWESOME!!  Great party, fun people, and FREE if you are a guest at this hotel.I would stay here again, only if I can get a GREAT rate (under $50/nt)
1	dump!!!!!
3	not bad but probably wouldt go again. They nickel and dimed me at the spa and the club. I mean extra for this lotion extra for this aroma extra for this drink my 120 dollar massage cost over $200 not including tip. I overheard the mgr at the club instruct every door man that he is not to let any guys in without getting greased at least $20 per head and then got stuck with a $50 cover once inside which was a little annoying. I know its vegas gotta b ready to spend $$$ blah, blah , blah. During the week and even early on friday they had very few tables open. I think there were 2 tables for Roulette, Black Jack and Craps and that was it.. It was fun atmosphere cool people but i find i get a lot more from the bigger casinos.
5	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel this past weekend. I got a good deal by booking on Priceline. The location of the hotel is within a 5 minute drive of the strip, but is not within walking distance. Pros:   The hotel is very modern and stylish. The room was excellent and the elevators were fast. It was not noisy around my room. Parking was very good, although I did NOT have to deal with a Saturday night concert crowd because Sheryl Crow canceled that night. Cons:   There was a $16.80 "resort fee" per night which kind of sucks. Also, it's not within walking distance of the strip.I would definitely considering returning to the Hard Rock Hotel in the future.
3	Pros:Everyone that works here is super nice, especially the bartenders.Drink service while gambling is good.Cool memorabilia on the walls.Cons:99% of the Saturday night crowd that goes here reminded me of the cast of Jersey Shore. Definitely not my kind of crowd. If MTV is your thing though, you'll probably dig this place.The casino is kinda small compared to the gambling floor in many Vegas casinos.
1	All the girls agreed...we will NEVER stay here ever again! Maybe they gave us the handicap room or something. Reasons why:1. Air conditioning did not work. On the highest setting, we were still too hot (and not the good kind of hot).2. NO COUNTERS in the bathrooms!!! Really? Seriously? No counters? That's what we all said. We has to rest our things on top of the toilet and on the floor. Ridiculous!3. Shower had no tub and was like the ones on a cruise. Nothing to contain the water. Just a curtain. The bathroom flooded so many times and we had to ask for so many towels to create our own barrier between the shower and the rest of the bathroom.4. Only 1 chair. We had to get ready while sitting cross-legged on the floor. Or, stand in the bathroom and constantly bend down to the floor to reach our things (you know..because there's no counters).5. Away from the strip. Be prepared to spend a lot on taxi rides.We only stayed here because we thought it'd be easier to get into Rehab. Well, apparently they recently changed the rules on that. You only get wristbands into Rehab if you booked the room directly through them. Since we booked through Expedia, we didn't even qualify. My girls had to stand in the guest list/general admission line. Luckily, we got everyone in and they didn't have to stay in that line. Love Rehab, but I will never ever stay here again.
4	I stayed here for the first time my previous trip back in August. After scoring their twitter deal for $20 a night, YES $20 A NIGHT for Thursday-Sunday I couldnt be a happier man. I mean, where in the world can you stay for $20 a night that's not infested w/ bed bugs and other things that you do not want to see in a room.I arrived Thursday afternoon and the check in line was pretty long. I was pretty annoyed cause I had a group already at Liquid ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/liquid-pool-lounge-las-vegas#hrid:IWnxB2V_2xWqhTArydmhJw/src:self ) waiting for me!Overall it took 20min to get checked in. I booked the twitter deal like mentioned before and told myself, what the heck, lets try the $20 trick and see what I can do.  Next thing you know, upgraded to high floor w/ pool view! Always do the $20 trick, 95% of the time you'll get an upgrade if available. The room was spacious, clean and had a nice decor w/ the white sheets and dark walls. The patio door opened up to a nice view of the HRH Pool which hosts Rehabx on the weekends. The only gripe about the room was there was only two shower towels which would be a problem with more people in the room but it didnt affect me since I was solo.The hotel itself is a smaller hotel but at the same time, you get the Vegas feel.  Only gripe is the lack of food on the property with the exception of Mr. Luckys 24/7 and Pink Taco.This hotel attracts the party people. If your looking for a quiet time , dont come here. The clientele that comes here is looking for a good time. Dont be surprised with drunken shenanigans in the hallways at 5am.Currently there are management issues at HRH with the nightlife scene being taken over by AMG. Expect changes to the nightlife and Rehab now that they are in control. Who knows what the future brings.Overall I enjoyed my stay at HRH, although I wouldnt book here unless I got a Twitter deal again... Ive been spoiled!
3	Pretty cheap for the weekend, but they have all of these additional charges that end up getting added on.  Also, housekeeping didn't come at all, until we had to call a few times and ask for service.  Our phone was broken (apparently someone got mad at it), and only worked on speakerphone.  Also, there was no hairdryer.  Any time we needed anything from housekeeping (new towels, new toilet paper, a hairdryer, etc), we would have to call AT LEAST twice.  Also, there was a huge mix-up with our reservation, which basically amounted to the Reservations people not communicating very well with the Guest Services people.  Everything got fixed though.The good parts: Rehab was awesome (except for having to pay $100 just to sit at a chair), Vanity was pretty fun (except for having no tap water and charging $9 for a bottle of water), the restaurants were also very good (especially Johnny Smalls).
2	I am sad to say I was very disappointed by their hotel service... Upon arrival we were told that the 700sqft suite with two queen beds we reserved was unavailable because of the hotel being over booked. So we were downgraded to a 500sqft suite with two queen beds... We were comp'ed six wrist bands for Rehab and received $100 off our first nights stay and told to call in the morning for a room change. The next morning I was told that our room would not be available for the rest of the weekend but we could take a 700sqft suite with one king bed... because we had four people staying in the room we opted to stay in the smaller suite but because we had booked the larger suite we were told that no matter which room we took we would still have to pay for the 700sqft suite for the remaining two nights... we were appalled!!! After a long conversation we decided to take the larger suite and resorted to sleeping on floors and couches because the hard rock does not have pull out couches and never sent the roll away to our room even after repeated requests...On the up side the rooms were AMAZING and the pool was gorgeous but our stay was ruined by the lack of service...BEWARE: if you book a room with two queen beds you are NOT guaranteed two queen beds... you are given what's available upon arrival no matter how many people are staying in the room!!!
4	*THIS IS A CASINO/CONCERT REVIEW ONLY* (i did not stay in the hotel) Rock-n-Roll + Las Vegas Casino  = happy Annie P. My girlfriend and I came all the way out to vegas just to see the Pixies who played the Joint at the Hard Rock Las Vegas. Upon entering we were greeted with loads of really impressive memorabilia surrounding the casino. We grabbed a couple of reasonably priced drinks from a very friendly bartender and walked around the casino and ended up hanging out near the moonlit pool outside where we had a few quiet moments alone before heading back in for the concert. The JOINT was so easy to get into, the show was pretty packed but not once did we stand in line for tickets, for drinks or even to buy merchandise at the end of the show. The stage is HUGE and if you have floor tickets its not a problem to get as close to the stage as you like if you have the persistence. The bathrooms were clean, the sound quality of the show was excellent and I had a complete blast at this concert. Cool things to mention about the Hard Rock Las Vegas: - Elvis memorabilia!! - Snake skin seats at all of the slot machines!- Queen (yeah like the band) slot machines! I'm giving 4 stars because the rooms are just too dang expensive. We got a suite at the Golden Nugget for the same price of their standard room here on a Saturday night. It's about a $20 cab ride each way from Fremont Street to this hotel that is about a mile in from the strip.
2	My husband I stayed here for our anniversary and to see Band of Horses at The Joint. I have to tell you that we're not old (we're in our 20s), we're not prudes and we enjoy rock and roll, but... we didn't enjoy the Hard Rock.Right off the bat we were caught off guard by the $100 a night hold on your credit card. We hadn't budgeted that in. Goodbye to that money while we were in Vegas! We weren't impressed with the apathetic "rock-star" attitudes of many of the staff. We were there during Rehab and thought maybe the increased security and lack of professionalism stemmed from that.  We were hassled by security going up to our room even though I showed them my key. Apparently you aren't "allowed"  outside alcohol in your room, I saw them stopping a few different people. Nice tactic to get you to pay for their alcohol! We were impressed with security at The Joint. They were kind, funny and good at their jobs. A+ to them! We were also impressed with our awesome bellhop at the end of our stay. He earned his tip! He kept us entertained from our room to our car. He was from Brooklyn, New York and the nicest employee we encountered all weekend. :)The room was nice and clean (except for the glass of cigarette butts on our balcony the whole time) and we liked the decor. We did like the smaller casino and the food at Pink Taco was pretty good.I think if you are a young, single, looking to party and don't give a rip about service, this is the place for you.
1	DO NOT BOOK A ROOM AN ADVANCE HERE, THEY'LL SCREW YOU OUT OF YOUR RESERVATION!!!  We came to Vegas for a wedding, we all booked rooms at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Most of us booked suites.  But for the friends who came on Saturday, they told them they were over booked.  Others were out rooms that had been paid for in advance and were SOL.  I'll tell you I've been going to the Hard Rock Las Vegas for 20 years.  Its been my most favored hotel over the years in Vegas, but not anymore.  IT DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING IF YOU PAY IN ADVANCE!!!THIS COMPANY SCREWS PEOPLE WHOV'E TRAVEL FROM FAR AWAY PLACES AND LEAVE THEM ON THE STREETS!!!!
1	When staying at the Hard Rock don't expect to get any sleep. If it isn't the all day pool party with window rattling music, marshmallow soft mattress it's the rude immature guests partying in their rooms until sunrise. It's no wonder everyone looks like a zombie...no one is sleeping!Hard rock is overly frugal with accessories as well,one bar of soap for both the shower and vanity. Not a pen or letterhead to be found either. The once acclaimed high tech accessories are as dated as the NASA moon missions. No HD on my vintage flat screen. Oh and cocaine residue the cleaning staff overlooked..geez.The casino area is lean on eating establishments... unless you want to wait in line for the latest fad food.I chose the Hard Rock this time around for the value. After this experience I'd rather pay double at a flea bag for a decent nights sleep.
1	We reserved our room 2 months in advance.  Sunday being the expensive night with 2 more days at a lower rate.When we checked out they charged us the current day rate for all nights.Lies ensued.Print out the prices page when you reserve or they will steal from you too.We will never go there again.They are thieves.
2	Cool place, decent pool area and good bars / coffee.  Fair restaurants but really sucky beds.  Way too soft and fluffy and no support.  Great location considering I found it walking distance to the haufbrau for some lager!  The beds really made this stay sub par.  The decor is cool and interesting and I've seen some decent music here but the beds...
3	Ok this is the Hard Rock...so everything was HARD!! check in at 11pm on a Thursday was horrible! No customer service, in fact, front desk agent, thought I was rude for approaching her while she was on the phone!! Which lead to her snatching my credit card out of my hand, calling me (the customer) rude, and saying she'd kick my husband and I out for being rude! My husband put his foot down and said I'd love to see you kick us out for us being "rude"! She called security and walked away! Turns out security wasn't coming to kick us out but stop the alleged drama. With that being said, a day later, report/complaint written regarding incident of inappropriate agent, and convo with manager...NOTHING DONE!!! We are still going to follow up with this! Room was clean and cool view of pool! BUT we must have been next to a suite because Friday ppl were rocking out with DJ and all till 4am...then Saturday another check in guest hosted party in there which went from 7pm-10am next day, with music and tons of drunk ppl! Def HARD ROCK!! and the best part, nothing you can do about it AT ALL! Location was good cuz we seen concert at the Joint. So convinent, with pre dinner and drinks! Not to mention, we were able to leave the Joint and go up to room for drinks and go back to concert in minutes to plastic cups:)It was $14 from airport to taxi and $10 to strip everytime. I would stay here again for concert purposes but my husband says hell no:/
4	I stayed at HRH&C last trip to Las Vegas and was extremely pleased with my Paradise Tower Pool View King room... it was modern, clean, and far enough away from the casino that I got plenty of sleep.  It was also pretty affordable compared to some of the other Vegas hotels.  Another perk is that they offer free calling from their land lines to anywhere in the US!It was a work trip, so I don't have anything too crazy to share about my stay, but I did take advantage of the workout room, room service, and a few of the hotel coffee shops and restaurants.  I also stuck my head into their stores... very cute stuff, especially lingerie, but I didn't make any purchases.For those that are looking for more fun, there's plenty to be had at Hard Rock.  From their Rehab pool parties, happening casino and restaurants, spa services, and even 24 hour room service of more than just food.  Yeah... as I write this, I realize I'll have to take advantage of those things next time!
1	RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL STAFF. NOT WORTH IT.This post serves as a formal complaint on the completely HORRIBLE experience we had this past weekend Oct. 22-24th, at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Las Vegas that ruined my bachelorette/girls trip. From the moment we stepped on to the property, we encountered RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL employees. Very rude female front staff at the HRH Registration desk who was too irritated to provide directions to the main hotel registration after informing us in a "matter-of-factly" nature our original HRH Tower suite reservation was redirected to the main hotel.   Plus the decietful male desk staff (including the male manager) at the main Hard Rock Hotel Registration/Check-in who repeatly told us that our reservation information was wrong and implying that not only we were lying about our reservation but that we were trying to get free upgrades. If you book through an online site (like Travelocity) the staff will disregard your orginal reservation and treat you like a lower guest as if that is a punishment for not booking directly. Your reservation will be as invalid as if you just walked in without any reservation at all. We were not the only party having issues with third party booking sites. We called Travelocity and they were just as confused as to the manner the hotel was dealing with the reservation. Amongst the long list too numerous to name here, the low-point of our weekend was after dealing with our reservations with the front desk for over an hour, they provided us keys to a room which was ALREADY OCCUPIED filled with guests' valuables such as a guitar, laptop, luggage AND a sleeping guest in the bed! Rather than apologizing for the situation, they blamed the guest for not checking out as indicated on the computer and took no blame. I couldn't believe how lightly they responded to that situation, not even concerned for the guest we walked in on. Since it had been well over 2 hours dealing with our room situation, we settled on a room that we didn't want.To top it off, eating lunch Saturday afternoon at Mr. Lucky's we encountered a female server who repeatedly rolled her eyes when we asked questions on menu items and curtly served us our drinks. We were so frustrated and completely in shock with the continued bad encounters with staff, we decided to purposely leave the hotel for all food and entertainment purposes because it was so bad. Rather than finding relief in your hotel, we literally cringed everytime we had to walk through the casino back and forth from the room to taxi. We had a VERY unpleasant experience. It seemed that the majority of staff we encountered had a very bad attitude and forgot they were in a hospitality business. I highly discourage anyone to stay, let alone waste time & money at this property and instead spend your money at a resort with polite staff that actually smile and appreciate guests. DO NOT STAY HERE!
2	I gave them 2 stars,1 star for $15 hidden fee, 1 star for the mini bar.  DO NOT PICK UP ANYTHING more than 45 SEC.  Yeah, 45 second got it?  or you will get charge.  Check in was quick and the staff was nice.  The room was nice but TV didn't work, so i picked up room telephone and tried to call the front desk, hmmm no dial tone, the phone not even worked.  So I went back down to the front desk, she asked if i want to switch room or had TV and phone fix in next 5 to 15 min.  I was tire and lazy to move, so i agreed to had them fix.  I was suprised that someone shown up 5 min. later, bravo for that.  He fixed the TV and said will be back for the telephone.  I agreed and i know he won't be back.  If you in technical field, you will understand it is not just simple as get a new phone and plug in the wall.  Their telephone more complicated than that, it required reprogamming to match the room you are staying.. bla bla bla.  I love rock music, and I think this Hotel really fit me.  I just hope they would improve their services by listening to what people were complainning about such as more up front about the $15 hotel fee, the mini bar can only access using the room key, less confusing in parking area.
1	Avoid at all cost. This is my first and last time staying HRH. Upon check in staff was rude acted as if they were doing me a favor to stay there. They wanted to charge to pre charge my credit $400 for incidentals which is crazy as far I am concerned. The room was not that clean there was dust everywhere, the light in the bathroom was broken. I go to open the door to look outside there is cigeratte butts, dirty glass and a fork on the ledge. Ok who was the dumb a**  that thought to put drum cymbals going down the hallway of the rooms so every drunk person coming up from the casino going to there room would hit every cymbal leading down the hallway one guy even had a set of drum sticks beating on them. If it was up to me they wouldn't even get one star on the rating system. After that night we checked out and went to Aria which is a class act property.
4	My new favorite Vegas hotel. Or is it? My favorite always changes every time I go. And it usually coincides with my loving or hating the bars in said hotel. Go figure. Got a suite upgrade. Dope. Loved Nobu, but who doesn't. Dug the service. Learned Pai Gow. Rooms are fabulous. Security helped Sarah find her room after she blacked out and bailed Vanity. Excellent conciege. Next time I'll want to stay longer than one night and get out to that pool!
3	18th Floor, Paradise Tower = Awesome. I stayed here Halloween weekend and had a great experience. The hotel was crowded for the Fetish & Fantasy Halloween Ball, but the staff was organized and friendly throughout the hotel and the event. The room was well appointed with modern furniture and great view of the strip. The bed transformed into delicious marshmallow at the end of the night...in my dreams at least. Only because I am super picky, I'll mention 2 small annoying things. I feel bad mentioning them because I didn't make any attempt to complain or give the chance a hotel to remedy during my stay. Oh well, here goes:- The complimentary hotel toiletries did not include body lotion, liquid body wash, cotton balls, mouth wash, or other extras (only bar soap, shampoo, and conditioner).- The curtains did not close completely on one side and it left a triangle of piercing sunlight that was not ideal the morning pre-alarm.
4	Reserved a room at the HardRock for my roommate's birthday and stayed there for 3 days, 2 nights at the Paradise Tower. Our room was very spacious with a lot of closet and drawer space (for 4 girls...!). Shoes, shoes, shoes. Lots of mirrors too! Another plus for a room full of 4 girls.The bathroom had a beautiful dark red rock-damask design (weird combination right? but it works!) My only complaint about the bathroom was that the modern design of the showerhead made it have a lot less pressure than one would want -- it barely took the shampoo out! Looks nice, doesn't function as it should.+1 for room service & the cleanliness of the overall hotel+1 for the sun-blocking curtains that let us sleep well into the day!+1 for carrying out the Hard Rock concept so well +1 for the two really good clubs in the lobby. Packed & poppin. Strong drinks. Best DJ I've ever heard - played a whole chain of the best West Coast songs! Find a recruiter walking around though that will hook you (girls) up with free entrance as opposed to $20. -1 for charging us $45 for moving the mini-bar dollar shots. If you trigger the sliding sensor for more than 45 seconds, it does an auto-charge to your room bill! We contested this with the concierge and even told them to go back up to our room to confirm the dollar shots were still in place because there was NO WAY in hell we were going to pay $45 for 3 bottles of DOLLAR SHOTS.
4	Stayed with some friends there for this past  Halloween weekend. This is the place to be for:- comfy beds that you sink into, nice stand in showers, good amenities, good pools, nice rooms in general- location. location. location ... events happening there ... awesome time at the Fantasy & Fetish Halloween Ball and rock out to Swedish House Mafia the next day.- Halloween Weekend! See AboveI gave it 4-stars because security asks you to show your room key each time you want to get on the elevator and with a large group, they only hand out a small amount of keys. gets a little annoying if you're intoxicated and/or your halloween costume has no pockets.
5	I have stayed in a Tower Suite and a standard room in the main original section of the hotel. I have been to their Sunday Las Vegas pool party called Rehab a few times over the last several years.They have fun outside concerts by the pool, just be sure to show up early to try and grab a chair. There are other large events now that there are several pools for the new Tower Suites.I have been to The Joint concert venue and it has one of the clearest and loud sound systems anywhere in Las Vegas. Many different kinds of events are held in The Joint, from roller skating to rock concerts.With all of the upgrades to the new section of the Hard Rock, revamped dining options, new nightclub venues, this is why as a local, I visit often.
4	This hotel rocks hardcore! The tower suites are unbelievable. Large bathroom with a massive walk-in shower and a tub that even my 6'5" boyfriend can immerse his entire body into. I want one! The sleeping and living area are divided by a block wall that houses a flat screen on each side. Too bad I hardly ever spent time in the hotel rooms in Vegas, this one is high up on the list.The casino is quite a bit larger after their renovation, but still small enough and far off the strip so you don't get much through-traffic, it's mainly the hotel guests until the nightlife takes over and their in-hotel night club Vanity opens up or there's a big gig at The Joint.The pool area is fantastic with its many different pools, jacuzzis, sun beds, cabanas, bars, etc. The restaurant choices within the hotel are great. There's Pink Taco for some low-key, flavorful Mexican food. Try a pitcher of the Sangria instead of the Margarita pitcher. Not only is the Sangria more affordable at $28 instead of $44, but it packs some serious booze along with refreshing citrus fruit. Go to Johnny Smalls for some yummy happy hour snacks and 2for1 well drinks and beers.I was extremely happy all the way through my stay here. One star got deducted for the miniscule sports book with their crappy tiny TVs and the super dead poker room. I wanted to play some hold 'em...
1	This review is long overdue. We stayed at the Hard Rock for my girl's bachelorette party back in July. Thinking about the wristbands to Rehab that come with staying at their hotel, we all figured this place would be more than accommodating to our group of girls.   Unfortunately they were the extreme opposite of that. We reserved 2 joining suites, however one wasn't ready and cleaned until the following morning after we checked in!!! (WTF?!)  Can you imagine 10 girls in one suite overnight????!!!As if that wasn't bad enough, they freakin' still charged us for that suite stating that they had offered us an available suite on a different floor. "Ok.. great, but that's NOT what we reserved a**holes!"  And then management tried to redeem themselves by offering us one more wristband to Rehab.. but what good is that when we already had enough for our group..? (Of course we took that wristband anyway and sold it.. = P )Anyhow, to sum it all up the customer service was extremely poor at this property.  Their front desk people didn't seem to know what they were doing!  Management handled our room dilemma with zero consideration of our bachelorette party plans.  The female manager insinuated that we were just trying to get out of paying for a one night stay.  She was full of it... not realizing we were ready and willing to drop some serious loot at their property.  Big mistake... It was evident that they devalue their guests simply because their business flourishes for being "Hard Rock", a world renowned name.  I plead with you all... NEVER stay at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas.  There are plenty of beautiful properties in Vegas with way higher and exceptional customer service.  1 Star = for giving us a place to shower & get dolled up...
2	We came here specifically to watch a fight on PPV... but were disappointed that we couldn't find the place that we had reserved a table with a credit card for.  It ended up working out, but we also gambled here a little and all lost... the vibe was a little weird on the casino floor and it didn't seem like there were a lot of people there.  Maybe since it's off the strip and there are newer places to go to there is less of a crowd?The one cool thing is all the music paraphernalia on the walls.
1	WARNING! This hotel will charge you a $16.80 per night "resort fee" and not disclose it to you. When the charge appeared mysteriously on my credit card, I called to complain and spoke to a supervisor at the front desk who identified himself as "Grant" and stated that apparently I had not read the "2 pages of terms and conditions when I checked in." He assured me that "most guests do read it, but some do not." I don't know about you, but I generally rely on the people at the front desk to tell me what I am signing - the lighting is so dim that you couldn't read the terms even if you chose to - and while they disclosed that they were putting a $100 "hold" on my credit card for incidentals, I was assured that it would be refunded if there were no incidentals. There was never a mention of a resort fee. The hotel itself was nice, but Grant was rude and arrogant, and I would never stay there again. Nor should you.
5	I stayed in the new HRH Tower this past weekend and was extremely pleased with every part of my trip. The room was not quite ready when we arrived but the front desk lady said they would call my cell phone within an hour. I hadn't even got my beer from the bartender when they called and said the room was ready. Our bags where in our room about three min after we walked in and the bell hop was very nice in showing us how to use the built in touch screen stereo and i pod dock. I usually stay at The Hotel tower at Mandalay bay, but will be returning to the Hard Rock for now on.
3	I don't have any tattoos, I don't wear Affliction MMA gear, I don't ride BMX or motocross bikes, and I don't smoke....but I do like to live like a rock star & gamble like one (once in awhile)!!! The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino has been on my wish list of hotels to stay at for a long time now. I'm always played and dined here, but never had the chance to stay here. Well, wish fulfilled 11/2010! Although it wasn't as grand spectacular as I had imagined/hoped, it was a great two days with my lovely Jackie!!! We had a nice Paradise Tower room over looking the famous Rehab pool, which was unfortunately closed for the winter season. The room was clean, stylish, and functional. It did lack some things: hand moisturizer (hello, we're in the desert!), broken make up mirror lamp, rain shower leaked all over the bathroom floor, and a lack of towels. The casino is far...really FAR from the Paradise tower. Not even joking! It was best for us to use the self park garage rather the valet because it was right next to our room tower and elevators. And since I'm on the Valet guys, it's best if you want to earn tips ($$$) if you aren't in a cluster fuck chit chatting while paying hotel guests need a little direction where to pull up for valet and check into your employer's hotel!!! Casino: it was sadly empty. Only 2 craps table and 2 roulette tables open. It must have been a slow night. I'm glad I walked out ahead $500+ Thank you!!! PS The new MTV Real World Las Vegas show is secretly filming there right now. We also ran into them at the Venetian Gondola rides. Filming a documentary......rrrright!
4	PROS: Usually good rates on rooms during the week. The best spot to see/meet celebrities, as they all stay here. Rooms are super comfy. LOVE LOVE LOVE the restaurants and gift stores.THE BEST POOL IN VEGAS, PERIOD! includes music under water, swim up bars and poker tables, as well as EXCELLENT service. The cabanas are also the BEST in vegas. I love the vibe of the hotel. Casino is nicely sized-not too big. Great decor if you love rock n roll.CONS: I HATE HATE HATE REHAB! TOO MANY TOOLS AND STUPID DRUNK PEOPLE! I WILL NOT STAY ON REHAB NIGHTS HERE!prices have increased over the years with the expansion of the hotel w/2 new towers :( parking can be a nightmare, depending on when you're staying. Avoiding summer/spring when rehab is happening at the pool is your best bet if you want to avoid drunk idiots, chaos, and a ton of noise. Also, if you are all about staying on the strip, then hardrock isn't for you. I personally enjoy not being on the strip because I can suit all my needs @ hardrock.
3	Just got back from my 5th trip to Vegas this year. All 5 times I stayed at the Hard Rock HRH tower. I usually love this place with zero complaints...This trip was a spur of the moment trip after ditching the family in Central Cali.I decided to take my Family with me to my fav Vegas hotel. Online reservations are great and easy to use. Late thanksgiving afternoon looked online and made reservations in ten mins. After a 8 hour drive we arrived at the front desk. I am usually very happy with the service and everything but this time there were a few things that bummed me out.At check-in i mentioned in small talk that i love this place and have been here multiple times this year and really love it. I asked her if she had any Free or Cheep upgrades she could hook me up with.... After saying very nicely "sure let me check it out" She came back with "I can upgrade you to a Pool view room for $40"....... I said...."Hmmm That's not really and upgrade That's an Upsale!" The pool view really doesn't bring much this time of the year with temp in the 40's. I graciously declined. Next i asked  about the pool or jacuzzi's she said they have one pool open and it's heated. Also there are 2 indoor jacuzzi's that are included in the "$15 Daily Resort Fee" that is added to the bill. We found out that "heated Pool" means the pool isn't frozen and an ice skating rink but it's still completely un-swimable. It was like 65 degrees or something. And the 2 jacuzzi's  that are free as part of the "resort fee" are 18 and up only which doesn't really help us with 2 kids..Lastly i asked who was playing at the Wasted Space (a great little club/bar in the main casino with bands & live music) this weekend and she said that the Wasted Space club had closed down. :( Boo I understand that these things happen, but it's a bummer.So all in all My wife and kids had a blast, I had a good time but next trip we are surly going to try somewhere new... Change it up a bit. You can get rooms at the Wynn for the same price range with advance notice. I am headed back to Vegas in Jan and we are staying at the Wynn.Dino...)'(
1	Too many negatives!1) Off the strip -  this is fine as long as there is shuttle.2) You are forced to pay a $16.80 "Resort" fee. This is fine if it included more amenities and a shuttle service that doesn't end at 5pm. Essentially, you are forced to drive to the strip or take taxis back, because 5pm is practically mid-day in Vegas.3) At checkin, we didn't get the room we reserved. We were lied to and switched to another room. That room was a smoking room with a nasty smell and scratches on the walls and doors -must have been a room Charlie Sheen used to frequent. Switched a third time and discovered the previous lobby clerk lied and there was a room available for us.4) Sportsbook (barely) - Discovered that sports betting only gives you a drink ticket for every $50 bet.5) 1 drink ticket only gets you a domestic beer or well drink, if you get a Stella or Amstel, they require 2 tickets! Yes, that's 1 Amstel light for 100$ in sports betting.6) Went to the Player's club to get a player's card. Was in line at 11:45pm, waited there 15 minutes before getting to the clerk. Once I got to her, I asked for a player's card. She then told me they were closed. I asked her what time they closed, she said 12AM. Then I asked what time was it, she said 12:01. She saw me there standing in line the whole time and only turned off the lights right before I approached. What the f$%k kind of customer service is this?7) They don't provide you with any lotion. It's a desert and the AC/Heaters always dry you out even more.8) Got stuck in the cheek with a feather sticking out of the pillow...not a great way to wake up.9) All other things being equal, the rating depends on the value. If this was a cheap hotel, than such things are more acceptable. It is rated as a 4 star, more like a 3 star IMO. We paid around $120 per night over the Thanksgiving weekend.Things I liked.1) Decent music playing the entire time, didn't hear any Gaga, Katy Perry, Ke$ha, Bieber, Kanye, etc.2) Hot pole dancing girls in the casino.
4	I have visited this hotel before to attend a comedy show at "The Joint" a few years ago which was great, but this was the first time I was an actual hotel guest.  I enjoyed the vibe and the overall look of the place, although the colors are dark --it is a rock and roll hotel so that can be dismissed.  The overall staff was pretty pleasant and helpful.  Didn't really care for their additional $15 + taxes in resort fees and I purposely didn't drive so I wouldn't have to pay additional, ridiculous parking fees.  They do have a shuttle service that goes to The Strip but unfortunately, I didn't care to find that out until the day I left.  Checked out Vanity Nightclub which was fun and they tried to make exclusive.  All in all, I will go back but along my trekking through other casinos I stumbled across The Green Valley Resort, which was beautiful with a lot of amenities and very reasonably priced.  Although, it's also off of the Strip they also provide shuttle service to Mandalay Bay.  Good trip!
5	This hotel is amazing! (The HRH Towers) Cabs to the strip are like $10 and there's a free shuttle.  It's like your own little oasis OFF the Noisy Strip.  I have been to Vegas 9 times and stayed at many hotels, usually I can't fall asleep because of all the noise/partying but HRH has the best beds (so comfy) and is quiet.  Great bars, friendly staff (aside from the front desk, a little rude) awesome IN ROOM SOUND SYSTEM THAT PLAYS AND CHARGES YOUR iPod!  This hotel had great design and was only like $40 more than the other hotels - so worth it! Will be back!
1	Fourth and LAST stay.  The HRH has become a big fat scam...check out the reviews on TripAdvisor - I'm so not the only one with this experience:On our third day at the hotel, we were told wristbands to enter the pool would be $20 each, which I thought was ridiculous - there was no special guest or live show, so it made no sense.  But, $40 wasn't enough money to argue over, so...whatever.  Then at the desk, she said it would be $100 each.  To enter the pool at a hotel we were guests at?!!  ok, that was enough to argue over.  She said she was sorry and that they are supposed to inform guests of this at check-in - - but, they hadn't, to which she replied again, "sorry".  Oh well!  sorry we didn't do our job.  You'll still owe us $200, though, if you want to use the pool.  EXTORTION - plain and simple.  The only option was to check out on a Sunday afternoon, pack up our stuff and move to another hotel - so I paid the money and we went in...and the pool area was basically dead.  Nobody there....pathetic really.Come to find out, the new policy is to charge you extra for the pool if you book through a travel site (i booked through expedia).  Not to mention, the pool fee changes at their whim.  One minute it was $20 - in 5 minutes, it was $100.  It says nothing on the expedia site or on the hard rock site - I guess they're going to inform people of this new rule one disgruntled guest at a time.I've seen some of hard rock's responses to these scathing reviews of their new way of doing business - and I'm sure they'll respond with another "We're sorry...there are many options in hotels when visiting Las Vegas"  And you know what?  They're exactly right.
4	Loved it- stayed here our last night in Vegas. Our room was in the Paradise Tower... would def recommend this hotel: fun, lots of restaurant options (casual to fancy) and off the strip so a nice 'detour' away... The room had very cool hip decor.Our first three nights we stayed at the Bellagio which was a world of difference (of course), but this place was def more fun. If I return? Probably would come back here and revisit the Bellagio after I turn 50....
5	OMG If I could live here I would!I love everything about this place from the casino,shops,to the restaurantsStayed here with my gf for thanksgiving weekend because we were sick of the whole turkey/family thing & I am sooo glad we didI booked a room there in the paradise tower for almost a week for a little under $300, once we arrived the girl at the front desk upgraded our room to the top floor with a view of Rehab(NICE)Everyone working there was so nice from the valet to the maidsI honestly do not have one single complaint while staying hereNot to mention they were also filming the tv show The Real World while we were there the enire time, I've loved that show for as long as I could remember &  to see it being taped in front of my face was crazyness!! I saw the cast & crew pretty much every night we were there HRH is definately the place to go to if you want to have the time of your life.. Soo many memories This is my one & spot in Vegas for sure
4	This place used to be the "IT" spot but when I went back there recently it felt so different! I never realized how small this hotel and casino was! I guess I'm spoiled with always staying at places like Aria, the Venetian, Encore, etc. Anyways it's still a great hotel to stay in. Not my favorite but still good. 3.5 star rating for mePros:- Stayed at the new tower and new suites which was awesome! You have a separate valet, entrance and front desk than the rest of the hotel.- Suites are nice and spacious with a completely separate living room and large L shaped sofa which could comfortably sleep 2-3 people if you wanted to. There was only 3 of us in the room so we didn't need to do that. I had my own bed hehe =)- Convenient location of the new tower. Right downstairs in Johnny Smalls which is an EXCELLENT restaurant as well as the entrance to Vanity Nightclub.- Tiesto is spinning there once a month for all of 2011!!!! GAHHH! That in itself deserves 10 stars!! Cons:- Off the strip- Ventilation is horrible! The other hotels do a better job at sucking up most of the smoke. They didn't do so well here. =(- Smaller place in general- Bathroom lighting SUCKS! How are we supposed to put our makeup on in this horrible lighting. I didn't know when to stop adding more blush lol
5	I have only been to Vegas twice (both this past year) and I'm in love with the HRH! The service is great, the staff is super nice, and the overall tone of the hotel is down right rockin'! I love that the lighting is dim (you'll always look good in low lights) and that the colors of the casino are all dark purples, oranges, and reds. It is a sassy atmosphere with a hint of bad-ass. The dealers are all very nice and are very helpful if you have questions. The cocktail waitresses are all very beautiful and very accommodating. They don't always come around when you want them, but wait a little bit and you'll find a cute little number asking if anyone wants drinks. Be quick though! You have to order pretty fast because they go to all the tables and try to get everyone's order. I was skipped over a few times because I didn't speak up. The clothing shops there borderline the L.A. look and what Criss Angel wears. I was uncomfortable when I went into those shops because the staff took a look at me and kind of turned their noses up. It was fine with me because the clothes are definitely not my look. If you like heavily designed and decorated clothes and you wear your hair quite spiky and hair-sprayed, then I'm sure you'll be in heaven.You can get a tattoo as well! There is a tattoo parlor that take appointments as well as walk-ins. They are always busy, so I'd definitely call before you go.The hotel rooms are spectacular. They have three towers and all three of them are amazing. The rooms have super comfy beds and flat-screen televisions with iPod compatible radios. The showers are huge and very nice.The pools are all outside and I don't recommend going in them until the busy seasons. The off seasons they heat one pool to about 80 degrees, but honestly, it feels more like 50 degrees.It is a little bit off the strip, but it is only about a $10 cab ride to the strip. Walking isn't bad either, just make sure you have a buddy to walk with. I heavily recommend you staying here. Honestly, I don't think you'll be let down.
4	The hard Rock is a great hotel to stay in.  Wifey and I stayed in the new towers and got a King Suite. 700 Sq ft. of awesomeness.  We had a great view of the city and the pool.  The Suites are not only huge but comfy.  2 TVS and a huge walk in bathroom and lounge area.  You have your own check-in and own valet area also.  This way, you don't deal with the rif-raf.Inside, the amount of memorabilia is amazing.  It's a great place to stay at.My wife has never gambled, but she had no problem learning. The dealers are friendly and took the time to explain the games to her!!
2	Really hard to rate. Good things: hip vibe, they're taping the Real World there (and I saw a cast member), cool club (Vanity), good music, price is right (minus hidden charges). New tower rooms are WAYWAY nicer than old tower.Bad things: Far-ish from the action, mixed clientele (heard fight in the hallway when I was trying to sleep), cheap but good looking fixtures, i.e. toilet, they nickel and dime you with hidden "resort fees"  -- BS Shuttle Service to the strip.Worst thing: my friend had his wallet stolen OUT OF HIS ROOM because the room doors don't latch and they didn't seem shocked - said they only have one security camera.Also, I hate Mr. Lucky's!
2	This place looks nice from the outside, but it's kind of too good to be true. We got a $60-a-night special from hotels.com, which seemed like a good deal (see below for more details). The rooms are reasonably nice and the beds are relatively comfortable.However, everything is cheaply done. Starting with the TV, which was low quality (albeit large), and you had to push the remote buttons many times to get it to do anything.The bathroom fixtures are also cheap - the sink didn't drain when I was running it. There was a fight in the hall when I was in the bathroom, and the toilet actually shook at one point (I think that someone must have been shoved up agains the wall).And, be forewarned that they charge a $15 per night "resort" fee on checkout. This is for things such as the "shuttle service", which runs exactly once per hour, takes you to one location, and only carries 7 people max. You can walk to the strip (we did a few times), although Vegas really isn't designed to be a walking city, so you will probably end up cabbing it to and from the strip a bunch of times. The "resort" fee doesn't cover wired or wireless Internet - that's an extra $14 per night (per computer).The health club was pretty nice, though, for a hotel gym.Also, the doors in the older tower don't close all the way unless you make sure to push them shut. There are people who go around late at night pushing doors open and stealing things. One of the people I was with had his wallet stolen.After my friend was robbed, the hotel said that sort of thing happens all of the time, and that they don't have many security cameras (I'm guessing it was an inside job). They did move them to another room in the newer tower (much nicer), and got us into the club the next night, but this was all small consolation.I would never come back here. Stay on one of the hotels on the strip.
4	Beautiful rooms; comfortable beds.Friendly staff. Amazing memorabilia.Super friendly valet.
4	I stayed here for 4 nights. I really liked the hotel itself- like the luxe rockstar theme, the signed celebrity instruments and outfits displayed all over, and our room was extremely comfortable and had a great ambiance. The gym was well-equipped, but should have had some air conditioning going. What I didn't like is the fact that the hotel is off the strip. This may not seem like a big deal but during a very RAINY 4 nights in December, walking to the strip is not an option-  getting to and from the strip was difficult. There is a free shuttle that goes to the strip, but it comes every hour only until 5pm, and whats more, the silly Escalade they use only seats 8 people, and there are tons of people wanting to take the shuttle. Once 8 folks are seated, the shuttle takes off and everyone else has to wait another hour. Me and my bf spent a CHUNK of money on cab rides during our trip. Besides this fact, I liked the hotel. It's not THE most exciting or most luxurious in Vegas, but it's quite nice.
4	This review is for the Casino only.Off the Strip and right across from the Hofbrauhaus.The Casino is great! Professional Black Jack dealers and great wait staff.You can sit at the bar and play video Black Jack and get an automatic comp beverage.I like it because it's open and airy with a big floor plan.I would come back and stay at the hotel and watch a show in the concert hall.
4	Would I spend $300 per night on a room? Hell to the no. Will I sign up for their text message promo list and get a code to get a room at about $90 per night. Fuck yeah.I got just such a deal for a 700 sq ft HRH suite with two queen beds over Christmas weekend. And I've gotta say these are pretty nice digs. Two big TV's a ginormous swanky bathroom (complete with kickass deep soaking tub), comfy beds, roomy couches, and a sweet bar area... this is how you do Vegas right, kids.Sure, it's kind of a bitch to take a cab whenever you want to go to the strip, but with Hard Rock being directly across from Hofbrauhaus and Double Down... well, color me happy.
4	I have been going to Vegas for many years and without a doubt The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is one of my favorite places. It was very quiet and clean, not to mention it was not overrun by the smell of smoke like many of the other casinos around Vegas. The restaurants are delicious and offer different Varieties from Mexican (Pink Taco) to just about everything else(Mr Lucky's 24/7). The staff at the Hard Rock is very nice and attentive and are willing to help anytime you need. I am coming back again during the Summer for the legendary Rehab pool party and I can't wait.
4	If you're a music fan, this is the place to be. I can't speak to the quality of the casino since we didn't gamble there but as a hotel it's a terrific experience. The rooms are hip and well appointed. The showers are huge but suffer from the same water pressure issues as all the other hotels in Vegas. Beds are very soft, great for crashing after a late night. The restaurants, especially Pink Taco, are great. Swank decor abounds. Slightly off the Strip but not far enough to be a problem. We'll be back for sure.
4	So this is what's it's like to be a Rockstar...This place wins hands down in having the best music EVER in a casino. Where else am I going to hear Foo Fighters at 3am? The rock memorabilia scattered throughout the casino is pretty great too. I scored a killer deal of $50/night. When we checked in, we were upgraded to a pool view. The room was very rock star glam.To my amusement,  a pic of a much younger Mick Jagger hung over our bed (I would have preferred Chris Cornell, but whatever). Our bathroom was pretty blah in comparison...beige walls, white fixtures, it looked like it belonged in a Motel 6. The bed was ultra comfy; I could have slept all day! Valet was quick and friendly. The hotel/casino seriously needs more than one person working the players club line, though. Big boo for that. Thanks Hazel for the text promo tip! Hopefully I'll score a suite when Weezer plays in a few weeks!
1	worst place to stay, but the beds and comforters were soooooooo nice and fluffy... $100 per day incidentals deposit, $15 plus tax per day resort fee and $13.99 plus tax for internet per lap top/device/smart phone... hell no.  service is also terrible. I was there christmas weekend and it was dead, but still the service there is terrible. stay somewhere else. Their advertisement for the $4.99 steak and eggs... it's really $7.99 for the 1st person and $4.99 for the 2nd and $3.99 for every person after. you do the math. if you're 21 to 32 and into heavy partying 24/7, this is definitely YOUR hotel. If you're not, go and run to another hotel far away from this one. The prices on the rooms are cheap, but beware of the hidden costs to everything else...  that's where they bite you in the rear end...
4	Hard Rock Hotel - quality tunes blaring at all times.  The place to be for younger peeps.Dealers at the tables are consistently smoking hot.  Vanity - damn good on Sunday nights.  Pink TacoThere is a 24/7 diner that I hit up 4 times in the span of 3 days.Rehab.The room itself - I stayed in a suite in the HRH tower. Lot of ipod hookups. Spacious rooms that was perfect for having a bunch of people over to preparty. We got our rooms for dirt cheap, so I probably wouldn't have been as pleased had I paid full price.
3	the rooms are spacious and generally nice. it's kind of a bummer that it is not on the strip but we knew that before staying there. The casino is weak compared to other casinos on the strip. if you into gimmicky places and/or things, you'll like all the memorabilia. not sure if i would ever come back but i think we had a good time.
4	Nice place for gaming. Good vibe & music and fun people with professional staff.
4	A few friends and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock on a road trip out to the Rose Bowl. Despite the little time we had, it was an overall pleasant experience. We didn't arrive in Las Vegas until 11 p.m., so we had a late check in. When we walked up to the front desk, we were told we were "upgraded" to the HRH, the newer hotel. I wouldn't call it an "upgrade", just a newer hotel, which I'm assuming was cleaner and nicer than the other hotel tower. The beds were great and comfortable. The room or the floor did not smell of smoke at all which is a major plus. The only thing I wasn't thrilled about was the bathroom door didn't lock. Good thing I was comfortable with everyone I traveled with. The only down fall was the 4.99 steak 'n' eggs breakfast at the restaurant off the casino. One friend and I ordered our steak medium rare and did not feel so great later on. There was a more expensive steak 'n' egg option (leading me to believe the steak was not too sketch), but hey, you live you learn. It's also far from the Strip, but we were really only there to crash.Would definitely stay here again.
1	Fair warning to anyone who needs to carry any medication -  carry a copy of the written prescription with you unless you carry prescription bottles around.  They search packs at the concert venue and apparently at the pool, and that's fine if they are looking for contraband - but if you carry medication in a pillbox, and certainly if you carry anything injectable like insulin or an epinephrine, be prepared for public cross examination.  A medic-alert bracelet doesn't convince them.  Even a physician standing with me didn't convince them. Their guard confiscated my epi kit (I have asthma) at the concert venue, and only after our repeated insistence did they allow me to wait in a non-smoky area while they got a supervisor with a brain.  Clearly they had some sort of incident with drug abuse, probably at the pool since they mentioned that, so right now paranoia reigns.  They aren't exactly subtle or private about it either.
5	I can't say much about the casino but my room was AMAZING.Stayed in a City View Room of their HRH Tower and it was gorgeous!Look at pictures.Loved how bright it was, loved the tv's, loved their big plush bed and huge tub, but most importantly, loved the digital music system they have!Our room was always clean except for when I took a bath and the tub wasn't cleaned afterwards. Slight mishap I'm sure, as you couldn't really tell the tub had been used. Customer Service was excellent. Check in way easy. Good options for munchies and gambling, and great music playing at all times (always a plus).
2	The room was just okay, not really that clean. The front desk staff were just flat-out rude! I mean, I know it's not a 5-star resort with bellhops and all that, but it's not exactly cheap, either. I expect mid-level service from a mid-level hotel, and they couldn't even meet that substantially lowered bar.Give this one a pass. There are too many other perfectly nice hotels that cost the same to bother with the Hard Rock.
5	LOOSE. SLOTS. This was the only place in Vegas where I won any money. Let's say that I spent $20 and walked out with $1500. In about an hour. Play those Wheel of Fortune slot machines, that's all I've gotta say. Start on the pennies, work up to the quarters, then try your luck on some dollar and five-dollar machines.Also, the Hard Rock has an all-you-can-eat tapas place that is simply amazing. So.. good casino, good food... It's all good and I think I'd probably stay here next time for those two reasons. Sure it's not on the strip, but who walks around in Vegas anyway? A cab ride is a cab ride.
2	First let me start with the positive:1.  The rooms in the HRH Tower were AMAZING..AMAZING. Be sure to ask for a higher floor though because we were on the 7th floor and we could hear and feel the thumping of Vanity Nightclub, nothing crazy but if you were on a lower floor it would be a problem.2.  Out of all of the casinos we went to the cocktail waitresses at the Hardrock were the best and most efficient.  We were never without a drink.Problems:1.  On New Years Eve we went to the Bell Desk to arrange for a limo to take us to dinner that night.  We really weren't sure if it would be possible due to the time we made the request and the fact that it was NYE.  However, we were assured it wouldn't be a problem and to come down at 5:30 and our limo would be waiting.  We come down at 5:30...no limo.  The bell staff present had no clue about our limo.  Lucky enough (or so we thought) a limo pulled up to the HRH entrance to let guests off.  The Bell Staff was kind enough to arrange for us to take that limo.  We should have know we were in for an interesting ride when the limo driver started driving off when our party was still getting into the limo.  Nevertheless, we all got in and on our way we went.  About 5 minutes after we left the Hard Rock our limo driver informed us that he would need to drop us off at the Flamingo Hotel instead of Ceasars because he had an emergency.  Trying to be understanding, we agreed.  However, as we approached the limo driver got nervous because they started shutting down the Strip and he pulled off into a side street/alley and made us get out..  So we walked in our party dresses and heals (it was freezing cold that night).While I understand that the what the Limo Company does is not the problem of the Hard Rock, the whole problem started because the Bell Person didn't make the arrangements.When I complained the next day the desk clerk looked at me with sheer horror on her face.  She was very kind and helpful and directed me to the right people for my complaint.  I got a call from the Head of the Bell Desk telling me that the person I spoke with wasn't actually a Bellman, but rather a limo concierge service (from my understanding not really employed by the Hard Rock) and thus I should call those people.  At this point I would like to point out that the person I spoke to was standing behind the Bell Desk, doing Bellman type things, was dressed EXACTLY LIKE A BELLMAN...but apparently, I should have known that he wasn't a Bellman.  Frankly, if you dress like a bellman, act like a bellman, and stand where a bellman stands (and the hotel knows this and condones this) your a freaking bellman and thus, the Hard Rock is responsible for your actions.  However, the Manager of the Bellmen simply passed the buck.  Thankfully, the manager of the front desk got back to me and gave us a $50 credit to our room, didn't offer one to the rest of our party even though they got stranded too.2.  When we arrived at the Hard Rock it was still very early in terms of checking in, which we fully understood.  So they told us they would text us when our room was ready. Great, that is awesome...or so I thought.  We made ourselves busy, gambling and exploring.  Several hours later around 2pm we decided to check on the status of our room, no not ready yet and assured us we would get a text.  Finally 3:15 came around (check-in starts at 3pm) we decided to just double check on our room as we were really tired from traveling.  Sure enough our room was ready.  Thank god we asked about our room because we got a text at about 8:30 p.m. telling us our room was ready...oiee...thank god we didn't wait for that text to come (5 hours after check-in was supposed to start).3.  When we originally booked the rooms, we put both room deposits on my card to make things a little easier.  We were assured that we could move one of the deposits to another card when everyone arrived at the hotel.  And so we did just that.  The front desk clerk assured us that the deposit I had made would be credited back to my credit card within 2 weeks, and the other person would be charged for the room deposit.  GREAT, easy enough.  Well, we got out final bill and everything seemed fine.  The other party got a bill for $550 with no explanation as to why it was so high...it was just that way.  2 weeks came and went...no credit.  Finally, I called and was told they had no record of our request and that the other party was charged only $354 instead of $550.  So after arguing with the person, they finally agreed to put the charges in the right card and credit me.  We shall see if this actually happens.  We are still confused why the Hard Rock's invoice said the other party would be charged $550...considering even now with the $133 charge put on their card they will now pay $484 (the correct amount for the rooms).The Hotel looks nice and the rooms are great, but they have major Customer Service problems.
2	As many previous Yelpers mentioned Hard Rock Hotel (HRH) didn't live up to my expectations either.- lopsided bed, $15 hidden resort fee, no free wifi, smokey in hallways (should separate nonsmoking area from smoking), Starbucks cost 2x as much, Mr. Lucky's restaurant promotions don't work on holidays even though they promoted it that way, dimly lit bathrooms, poor electrical wiring (light switches didn't always turn on lights and some turned off all), fan blew directly towards bed and not able to be changed direction, insulation not well because we could hear our loud neighbors, direction of check-in is terrible (didn't realize there were several towers with different check-ins and parking garages).+ TV wasn't blasting loudly when you first turn it on, comforters were extremely comfortable, rock and roll decoration and photos.Targeted towards a specific crowd, tattooed, 20s & 30s. Across the street, you can get really good German food! It's actually not that close to the Strip as you think it is. It's at least 2 miles. (I measured it when I drove). So it would be not recommended to walk, unless you don't mind the distance and have time to spare.I will not stay here again nor recommend it.
3	This was much better when it opened.  It is getting kind of.....tired.
4	Stayed here for a couple nights before this past new years and had a great experience.  Room [supreme king suite] is really beautiful- spacious living room, 2 flat screens, large cushy bed, HUGE bathroom, and spacious closets.  Would recommend.  Only down fall is that we took a cab everywhere because it wasn't really in walking distance to the strip.
4	They have good prime rib in the cafe and I always seem to win on the slots!
3	I've stayed at the normal Casino Tower room and Paradise Tower upgrade, but this is more for the regular one. Price was reasonable for both, but the Paradise Tower was awesome (and normally much more) compared to the regular room. I rarely complain about hotel rooms (though maybe I should) and I had a few for the Casino Tower room: 1) clogged drain, 2) smelly room for non-smoking, 3) no free wi-fiI think there may have been more specific complaints we had, but that's all I remember right now since that last stay was last March and I haven't been back. The Paradise Tower room was much nicer in terms of decor, cleanliness, and overall comfort. It was much more rock n' roll than the regular room, which was basically all white without much standing out. I don't plan on staying at this place again, though I would consider it if I knew I was getting something as nice as Paradise Tower.
5	Decided to take a Staycation with The Better Half and saw that the rates for the new HRH Tower at the Hard Rock was $90 per night.....sold!  We booked it online and headed down to get away for a couple of days.  Here are some highlights of our stay:- The tower is new and has a ton of room in the suites.  There's a separate bedroom & living room, very spacious.  (see pics)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=IBebLmeBXfFVUzg5ybHSEAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=NgMh_-U4F58muEyYbyVJjg- The beds are very comfortable.  The pillow top mattress is soooo soft we melted into the bed.  We didn't want to wake up in the morning....LOL- There is a $15 per day resort fee.  For that you get access to the spa among other amenities.- The bathroom is huge!  Large, deep tubs.......large shower with rainfall shower head.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=QRXtpTSeupCvCrnahXg07whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=RhCKWzs4vQXFtBUv1vE0bg- The mini-bar is motion activated.....which means if you take something from it, if it's gone for more than 2 minutes it will automatically be charged to your room.....be careful not to remove anything unless you really want it!- The toiletries were awesome.  Soaps & shampoo were good quality.- The lobby of the new HRH Tower has a ton of new memorabilia in it....worth checking it out.Some QUICK TIPS:- Parking for the HRH Tower is on the south side of the building.  Park at the parking garage or valet which is off of Harmon.  If you go to the other parking area, it's far from the new tower.- You get $10 in FREE Slot Play when you check into the hotel.....use it, it's FREE money.  The Better Half redeemed it but didn't win anything.Overall, we had a great time at the Hard Rock.  A nice little staycation in our favorite city!Return Factor - 100%
2	This place used to be the sh*t. Now it's as cool as TGI Fridays. I rented a room at the hrh towers and had security came by twice because our sound system (which they provide) was too loud. Over it. This place is done-ville.
1	This review is for the players club.   When my wife and I went to the Hard Rock in Jan., they had a great promotion going on where you play and for every 500 points you got, you could do a virtual wheel spin for free play and dining credits, up to 2500 points per day.  Well, they must have lost money on that because now you have to get 2500 points (video poker) for one drawing of a card from a drum full of cards.  After spending several hours playing and droping a couple hundred bucks, my "prize" was $5 free slot play.  What a slap in the face.  I tore up the card in front of the player club host and walked away.  I still like the HR for bj, but am going to limit my vp play to another property with better promos.
3	Not bad, but not blow-your-mind awesome...Came here for a friend's birthday.  Stayed on a Friday night in January and the rates weren't terrible.  I believe we paid $115 a night.As has been mentioned, the rooms were very modern in design.  Note, not modernist.  ;)  Lots of black and silver, shiny surfaces...  (for the cocaine?)  Not really my taste, but I'm not holding that against them.  It was very slick looking and consistent.  Everything in the room seemed to be in good shape except for two of the outlets.  They didn't work at all.We chose one of the rooms with a view of the pool.  By "view of the pool" they really meant - view of the pool if we hadn't planted about 20 trees in between.Overall it's an ok place to stay if you are a rockstar or would like to be.  For me, it was a little too far from the strip (a mile) if you are a walker.  We took a lot of taxis so we wouldn't be drunk driving.  Also, from walking through the front doors to the elevators to the room is easily a 20 minute walk.  What the...!?  While it was cool walking past the cute tattoo guys, it KIND of sucks after you've been drinking for 6 hours and just want to pass out.  Given the choice, I'll probably stay elsewhere in the future.
4	I kind of forget about Hard Rock since it is off strip but, it is great spot to see the younger crowd but it is not as crowded as the strip places. Good music also and very hot girls everywhere.
3	Stay here for a convention. Thought the room was nice. The casino are a great place to gamble with beautiful ladies walking round in the evening.
1	My wife and I stayed at the Hard Rock this past weekend because they were cheap. We reserved the room on Travelocity but the problems started as soon as we rolled up at the Valet. I own a limousine business (LA LimoScene if you wanna look me up.) and we drove to Vegas in a Limo with a friend. We tried to valet the Limo and they first told me I needed to go over to the South Valet on Harmon and they could valet the Limo over there so I drove around to the South Valet and they also refused, accusing me of being some guy that tried this last week. I told them I wasn't that guy but they still gave me attitude. I asked them for oversized parking and they told me to park in self park. I drove up to the self park area and there were NO spaces big enough to accomodate the Limo so I had to park in a non-space at the end of the parking structure. I wasn't blocking anyone so I figured it would be okay. When I came out at the end of my stay, I had a parking citation on my car for parking in a non-space. I was pissed since I asked and they sent me to park there.Then, once we got inside, the girl at the Reservation Desk couldn't find our Reservation. We were in a hurry to check in because we had tickets to a concert so the added time it took for her to figure out where our reservation was didn't help. It took about 20 minutes to check in. Once she found it and we got up to our room, it took them another half hour to get our bags up to our room from the valet.The room was fairly nice. The bed was really comfortable and the black out curtains would have made it possible for us to sleep in had it not been for the planes flying over and landing every 20 minutes. HRH proximity to the airport is a definite downside. The bathtub was really high so when you get in and out of the bathtub, you trip over the edge and either fall in or out of the bathtub, depending on which direction you're going.The prices were ridiculous throughout the hotel. It was like renting a room at the airport. $10.50 for a pack of cigarettes.Checking out was equally poor. We couldn't get the Bel desk to answer the phone so we had to go down to the front desk to request someone to go up and get our bags. When we finally got them, several things were missing including my Gucci Sunglasses and that $10.50 pack of cigarettes.When we got home and checked our statement, we found that they had charged $400 to our card even though we prepaid for the room and then credited back $166. When we called to find out what happened, they were rude and said the charges were $15 per person for a resort fee and then hung up on us.All in all, the Hard Rock sucks. I definitely do not recommend them.
1	so excited to go to vegas baby! will NEVER stay at the hard Rock again!This was my first time staying at the Hard Rock but hey, we got a good deal and it's the Hard Rock, right?  ohhh.... so very wrong.When we came to check in we had an oversized vehicle and pulled up to valet to unload bags/check in. We asked valet where we could park and they directed us to self-park failing to mention that there was NO oversize parking. We creatively parked and were given a citation and directed to security. Why didn't they just say that in the first place??Check-in,  lost our reservation and acted like it was our fault. Bags from valet took forever and yes, we had places to be and the tickets were in our bags!! The bed was amazing but something had to make up for the fact you were going to get woken up every 20 minutes by the f*ing AIRPLANES flying in for a landing. The worst 2 nights of sleep EVER.  The hotel is literally in the flight path and I was miserable.  This is NOT what I signed up for during a vacation and especially not after a night of vegas!   I am dead serious when I recommend that you map this place out in conjunction to the airport BEFORE you book!!Food options were scant as most of the restaurants opened at times I had already eaten. Ate at Pink Taco, nothing to write home about, I have had better at any taco stand in LA. The beer option here was pathetic, there are several good Mexican beers but Pink Taco offers none of those. Rooms were OK as far as decor, there are many other hotels that far out-do Hard Rock (Treasure Island and Mirage to name a couple). The customer service was crap (If anyone else here says otherwise i would be concerned about their previous customer service episodes).Upon arriving home we were oh-so surprised to learn that we had also been charged a $36 resort fee! I had booked online through travelocity and not once do I recall a reference to this fee. So now not only did the stay completely blow, they have "gotten me" for another $36 bucks.  I guess this is just Hard Rocks way to say farewell, forever. Save yourself and pay a few more bucks to stay on the strip, you'll end up spending that on cab fare back and forth anyway.
5	I really enjoyed my stay at HRH! I felt like a rock star and I was very mesmerized by all the memorabilia and photographs around the hotel. I am a big fan of music ... so it was awesome to see some cool photographs of Dan Auerbach which was my reason for visiting Vegas ... to see the Black Keys in concert. For a Sunday night we only paid $60 for the room in the Paradise Tower. However they do charge a resort fee of $17 for the gym (which I did not use) and the pool (which is amazing but closed for the season). Lame fee. The room was perfect...simple with some artwork of Hendrix and the Cure! Perfect...I love them both! The best thing about the room, was definitely the BEDS!!! It was seriously the most comfortable bed I ever slept in...I loved loved loved them! You sort of sink right into the mattress for a perfect sleep! However, not so bouncy for bedjumps, which didn't stop me from jumping: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=3SF2DQ7yC75NLrPR2-9dmQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=PSGITC6w468vKEKxvw9wUQIt's a bit off the strip...but right across from Haufbrauhaus! I would definitely stay here again just because I dig the BEDS!
4	Do you like music?
3	This is a good place to go party at night, the only problem is that you have to take a cab to get there. Don't try walking there at night, it gets a bit shady over those couple blocks.
3	The Hard Rock Hotel is located about 0.5-1 mile off the strip so you have to take a taxi from the hotel to the strip (about a $10 taxi ride). The hotel has good prices for the quality of the rooms. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. It was too cold to go into the pool but the pool area looked amazing. It had cabanas, beds and lounge chairs all around the pool. The hotel itself was not very impressive. The casino is small, the restaurants are terrible and the club "Vanity" is not classy (pretty much a dark room with a dance floor) and the drinks are crazy over-priced.Personally I would rather pay the extra money and stay at a hotel on the strip. But if you are on a budget this is not a bad place to stay.
5	Hands down my favorite place to stay in Vegas! I've stayed here with just my hubby, with a big group of friends, and with all girlfriends and no matter what I have a great time.The rooms are super clean (I've never had a problem), the pillows and beds are SOOOO comfy and soft and they just expanded so the casino is even bigger and has more variety now too.One thing I will say is that don't open the wrong shampoo bottle! I wasn't feeling too well the next morning one time and went to shower and opened a slightly larger shampoo bottle. They charged me $50 for it! Yuck! But I guess its my fault since I didn't see the paper on it marked "You will be charged $50 if you use this shampoo".I could be a little biased seeing as though I know 2 VIP hosts there and they ALWAYS hook me up when I stay here. No long lines at Rehab, table hopping at the clubs and no cover, free steak dinners at Rare 120, I could go on and on. They have been having some great room deals too lately. Whenever I visit Vegas I always try to stay here - highly recommend!
5	Except the fact it is off the strip, their rooms are BADASS, especially in the new tower. My group once had a room here overlooking Rehab, and it was awesome. We would pregame and go down to Rehab, and then bring girls up to party up in our room to drink (save money not spending on drinks) and go back down to Rehab.  Another time, we had a suite with surround sound speakers with it's own DJ playlist and ipod dock. The suite also had a shower room the size of a big walk-in closet! Shower Party! Also I think along with Encore/Wynn, they had the most comfortable beds out of all the beds in Vegas. It was literally like sleeping on a cloud.
3	Decent property and nice suite for $90 (thru Kayak) before tax and resort fee. Could use some attention to detail i.e. wash cloth left in Armour, no pen, curtains disheveled and broken luggage stand. Great towels,bedding and shower. The art in my room in the HRH tower #1 was Debra Harry, Tina Turner and some other female vocalist I didn't recognize. The in HRH mag and other propaganda is above average. The casino is better than some others I've seen. The memorabilia is worth checking out. They could use better identification/mapping for the amenities. I get it, they want you lost in the casino but I found it easier to go outside and walk around the block to get back the the HRH tower. The uniforms are too informal. I had a hard time distinguishing the staff from the clientele. Maybe they should put everyone in Andy Frain outfits or would that harsh your buzz. I'm old, it's hip - sort of, on both accounts.
4	Staff treats me well.  Visited Vegas many times,  off the strip doesn't bother me.  Vanity is a must see.  Rehab still fun. Suites are awsome.  They do not ream you like some of the other properties on the strip.
2	Oops, I forgot...I hate casinos and this one is no different than any other.  I was talked into going.
4	I like!! It's a very classy hotel and casino, in a rock star kind of way, not at all snobby and pretentious like most others you'll find on the strip. For the price, the rooms are great and very clean. i've stayed in both Casino Tower and Paradise Tower, and the rooms are essentially the same. Our stay in Paradise Tower was great, but in Casino Tower, we had a bit of trouble with the shower - the water was lukewarm and didn't start getting hot until the end of the shower. Wah I need my hot showers (minus 1 star). The tubs are also small. You also can't come home with leftovers; there's no fridge space and you can't move things! But the beds are SOOO COMFORTABLE!!! Huge down pillows and comforter and nice soft sheets. Being off the strip, the area is quieter, yet the casino is still bustling. The drive to the strip is very short too! I love the location, and it's great for avoiding traffic on the strip. The casino is my favorite part. Hard Rock is the best place to play. The music is always good. Nowhere else can you play BJ to such great rock music! In my opinion, the dealers here generally have better personalities, and the company is definitely more fun! Honestly, even though I end up losing money, I always walk away having had a great time.
4	We stayed at the HRH tower for our wedding. We paid for a corner suite, but ended up with a crap view because we needed a non-smoking room. There were buildings on both sides, but we could see the Hard Rock Cafe guitar between them which is pretty cool, but not the view we were expecting. The room was really nice, and the bed was super comfortable. We had a KISS themed room, which I loved. The room was always clean, and it was super quiet. I was expecting some noise after reading the other reviews, but it was really nice and peaceful, and we saw people in the halls often so we know the rooms by us were actually occupied.I liked how everywhere we walked within the hotel had good music playing, and it was a lot of fun looking at the different memorabilia, a lot of it had changed since the last time I was there.We ordered room service twice, and ate at Mr. Lucky's for breakfast once. Overall everything was good, the french onion soup from room service was delicious, so were the mini sliders. I was actually really surprised at how tasty the mini sliders were, I wasn't expecting that much but they were really good. The potato skins had a bunch of bacon and were really crispy. The breakfast at Mr. Lucky's was better than the room service breakfast. Really, the only difference was the eggs. Mr Lucky's cooked them right, but the room service eggs were way over cooked. Besides that everything was good, pancakes, fruit, coffee, etc.We would go back, we had a good time, liked the room, and besides the view we didn't have any issues. I absolutely loved the body lotion, it had a light citrusy scent, and was gentle enough to use on my face.
4	Playing tonight with Cee Lo... just before Tiesto!
4	My wife and I stayed there for a couple of days on our last trip to Vegas.  We stayed in the Casino/Paradise tower, which is the old section of the hotel.  We were in room 941.  The room was a nice size, but the bathroom was REALLY small.  They could have made better use of the space.  The bed was comfortable, and it was nice to be able to open the doors to the outside and let fresh air in.  Everything seemed clean.  The pool was nice, but going there in March, there wasn't much going on.  Both my wife and myself have tattoos, and we felt like we fit in better at the Hard Rock over any other hotel we have been at.I would recommend it to anyone, and the next time we stay there we will be staying in the new HRH tower.We went to the spa in the HRH tower, and it was very nice.  Everything you could ask for.  Just make sure you take swim trunks so you can go in the Roman waterhouse section.
1	In order of why I gave this hotel a 1-star:1) I am sure all hotels do this, but the front desk agent told me that she had a "better" option for me and was going to move me to this room as it had a "better view."  Now I reserved a suite in the HRH tower so was shocked when I opened the door to a small room and upon checking in I was told that my party has been down graded to a regular room because HRH over-booked. As any american would do in this situation, I called front desk immediately and complained - I was finally transferred to Grant the manager and he gave me the same apology. Now I understand if there is absolutely no suites available - but there has to be some sort of compensation for not providing me what I paid for! The only thing Grant offered me was a $50 food credit. He proceeded to try to sell me another single room at a discounted $150/night so that I would have two rooms instead of one. At this point, it no longer became a monetary issue but purely one of principal - I paid for something and I should receive what I paid for especially since HRH e-mailed me 24 hours prior to my arrival confirming my suite! To anger me even more, Grand proceeded to say that HRH reserves the right to downgrade and this was in the "small print" - yes, he used the "small print" argument to justify their actions. A full hour wasted on the phone - conclusion - $50 food credit and a promise that he'd try to move me to the suite I originally reserved.   2) Location location location - remember, this hotel is totally not on the strip. Although it may be a bit cheaper than other "nice" hotels the amount you use on taxis to go anywhere erases any money you think you're saving.3) This hotel has some low class guests. I exited the elevator into the common elevator waiting area by my room around midnight and walked past a horrible sight - yes, there was a couple intimately involved in adult activities in the public elevator foyer! No joke - next time I go back to Vegas, I'm sticking with the Wynn or Cosmo - not worth saving a few bucks.
3	Not really on the strip, that's too bad because it's pretty nice.I would say it's less classy/luxurious but very urban, rocker like. My friend told me about this great steak and eggs cafe they have for only $7.77, gotta check it out next time.
2	So when did I turn into a curmudgeon lol?? I was sooooo excited about staying here. I've partied in the casino circle bar before and had a blast but.... Overall, hotel looks cool, new, fun and plush in pics and I loved that it was off the strip (closer to LVCC for me) but.....I didn't like it. As my friends all know now the hotel stressed me out LOL. Too much black and white, no soothing colors. I was here for 6 days for work (2 for fun) and short of the food (was amazing!) nothing about this place relaxed me or said "home" to me while I'm staying there. Nothing against the place but its all old and smokey now. People are loud in the hallways most nights. The party should stay on the casino floor no??? The beds were hard, the pillows too soft. It took 4 to feel anything lol. I have to quote my friend when she said that the hotel is called Hard Rock because the beds are hard as rocks hahaha. I did LOVE the tub though. I stayed in the Paradise tower (by starbucks) and the tubs were like jacuzzi's! A big perk for me after being on my feet all day at a show. I felt save in the rooms because the doors are so heavy I didn't feel anybody being able to push the doors down to get in haha. Feels kinda like being in a bank vault (my friends quote again :) ). I also liked that the overall hotel was small so it was fast and easy to get to/from garage to my car daily. No time wasted on valet this time :) My bf also loves the gambling on the floor. He loved the tables (although the tables did not love him lol) and the machines. Drinks were expensive $10 at the bar or wait for waitress, while gambling on the tables and tip $5 each time or more if you want to see her often. I'm used to penny slots with frequent waitress visits with couple dollar tips! Economy hard for them too right??? I'd recommend staying here only if you are in fraternity/sorority here on spring break, if you are having a singles/bachelorette/bachelor weekend, on a kinky weekend away trying to save your relationship or if you are cougar/sugar daddy hunting lol. Otherwise, I would only come here to party and be on my way :)
3	Wow, has this place gone down hill. I've been staying at hard Rock off and on for the past 12 years. Don't get me wrong the new rooms in the new HRH tower are great but the managment and staff has taken a turn for the worse. I travel to Vegas 8-10 times a year and I have stayed at just about every major newer casino/hotel on the strip. Let's start with my casino host, I phoned her a couple days before my arrival last week to try to get info on how to wire $10k from my account to the casino, I never recieved a call back so my first hour in Vegas was me having a limo driver drive me across town to the nearest Chase bank where I could make a cash withdrawl in that amount.Now lets talk about comps...or lack there of, the friend I shared a room with ran up over 50k credits on his players card in 2 days and our other friend and I ran up 18k & 25k credits, 1 credit = $1, yes folks, between me and my two friends we wagered over $90k. My average bet at the tables had to be at least $150 per hand and my friends probably avereaged $250. After all that play they only comped us our room ( a crappy standard room in the old tower on this visit), nothing towards any meals or bottle service in Vanity we had charged to our room. At Bellagio everything would have been comped, at Palms everything would have been comped, at Planet Hollywood everything would have been comped. Bottom line, if you are going to Vegas to gamble stay away from this place becuase you can go other places and get far more for your money, better service and comped MUCH better. If it was not for the great rooms in new towers and the amazing pool I would have given it just 1 star.
4	I can't review the entire hotel, but I can review the HRH tower, which is where I stayed.The all suite tower was rad, and the room was way sexy--you can tell that this place was designed for men, and I mean that because everything in the restroom is glass (except where the toilet is), so you can see someone shower, get ready or take a bath from the bedroom.Everything was kept clean and eight (yes, 8) of us stayed in the one room with just two queen beds, one blow up mattress and the couches that were in the living room area.  I ended up being $33/person each night which was freakin' amazing.Everyone was very sweet EXCEPT for the beezy at the pool; there are a few pool areas and we were at the pool with the beach where they do rehab starting in April, just minding our own business and tanning in those chairs that are half submerged when some chick came and took the towels that were covering our faces from the sun.  She told us that we were not allowed to have towels in the pool and instead of giving us the option to, oh I don't know, put the towels with the rest of our stuff, she just took them and ran off.Uhhhhh, wtf?Other than the crazy pool beezy, we had a good stay at this "off the strip" hotel.  It's a $12 cab ride--including tip--to get to Caesar's from the HRH tower, but it's worth it to stay in the badass room and tan on the beach.
4	This is a review on the ticket box office at The Joint. Love the layout of the casino. Alot to look at on the walls and eye candy. The parking garage which is new is pretty nice and easy to find. The Box office staff was friendly and more than helpful though a little hard to find.
5	Love this place. I always have great happy memories here (and I am slightly biased because I usually win here). Though I will disclose, I haven't ever stayed in the hotel. ~ Blackjack dealer Harry Stauffer is such a good time. I highly recommend you sit on his table for solid entertainment. Thanks Harry.
4	So, I'm not even sure where to begin with this one.When we booked this room, I was really excited.  Based on what the pictures told me of our room & the price we were paying, I felt we were getting a pretty good deal.  I had to phone the hotel a couple of times prior to our arrival, & each time was an awesome experience from a customer service perspective.  Everyone was super friendly & although I'm sure busy, I never felt as if they were trying to get me off the phone. They were patient, always had an answer for my question & made me feel as if my call was important, no matter how trivial it might have been.Upon arrival to the hotel, I was instantly impressed.  When we walked in to the main lobby, the aroma of incense filled the air.  Good incense too, seemingly nag champa, but I could've been mistaken.  We made our way over to the registration desk.  Being it was only a Thursday, there was relatively no wait.  All the clerks were busy, but we were next up in line.  When we got our turn,  I h&ed my ID to the clerk.  She welcomed us, went through the typical, "Staying with us 2 nights?", etc.  Then she says, "Oh, you're actually staying in our HRH Tower, that check in counter is..." & she pointed us in the direction of that area.  Which was on the other side of the casino.  Because it wasn't busy, it wasn't much of an issue.  But had I stood in the check-in line on Friday, & then found out after that long wait that I had to go somewhere else, I would have been a little upset.  My only suggesetion is maybe a sign at the end of the registration desk that points people to the HRH tower check-in desk.We checked in with relative ease.  Upon completion of our check-in the clerk gave us his name, which I believe was Matthew, & told us if we needed anything to give a call.We made our way up to the room not sure what to expect but anxiously anticipating what we saw in pictures.  As we opened the door, we entered a room that did look exactly like every picture that I saw. In fact, if I didn't know better I would think we were staying in the room where the pictures were taken.  Kudos to that HRH Vegas. As many of us have found in the past, reality often doesn't live up to the hype in which the pictures give off.I'm the type of person, that when I first get in to a hotel room I like to scope it out.  I go through the entire room looking at things, finding things.  I don't know why, I just do.  On my first trip around, I found the in-wall mounted iPod docking staton with interactive touchscreen controls.  This control panel not only worked in conjuction with my iPod, but there were built in music playlists as well.  SCORE! Right away, I set my iPod up, & that's where it stayed for the duration.The bathroom was a little bigger than I thought it would be.  My only complaint there, no jets in the tub.  I guess that's  not really a complaint as much as it is me being bratty. LOL!I will say, overall, I only had one major complaint about the room.  I do realize we chose a smoking room.  However, there was a very noticeable burn hole in the middle of one of the couch cushions.  Being an eggshell colored couch, it could not be missed.  I feel as if a place like HRH should have either flipped the cushion or had it replaced.  I'm sure they could afford to have it replaced.  We had this really nice room, with this one little piece that I felt tainted the room a tad.  But I got over it & decided to just not look at that part of the couch.On Friday, upon our return to the room in the afteroon, the maid had left quite a large stack of linens on the dresser.  It wasn't that big of a deal. I called down to housekeeping & advised them.  She said she would send someone up.  I told her there was a maid & car 4 rooms down & I could give them to her.  She said, "No, that's okay. I'll send someone for them".  I thought that was awesome because it would have been quite easy for me to give them to the maid, but she insisted that someone from their staff would come & get them.Our first day there we decided to lunch at Pink Taco because they were advertising 99 cent tacos & margaritas.  I had seen an ad before we even got to Vegas & again once we arrived at the hotel.What is not clearly indicated in ANY of the ads is that the tacos are chicken only (which does me no good), you can only get one order of 5 per person, & it's on valid for Rockstar Club members.  Sorely dissapointed in that lack of clarification.Our last day we ate at Mr Lucky's for breakfast.  Delicious.  Even though there was a line, we didn't wait long & our server helped us right away.  We were in & out of there quickly, but never felt rushed by anyone.My overall impression of this hotel & casino is quite favorable.  I really loved the experience.previously mentioned.I've already decided that upon my return to Vegas I will be staying at the hotel again.  Great environment, excellent customer service, & seemingly no pretentious attitude from any staff.
1	If you're thinking of staying here because of the convenience of many restaurants, nice remodeled guestrooms, and a first class pool then the Hard Rock is your place but.... BUYER BE WARNED!!!!! The customer service at this hotel is a nightmare!! I booked two pool view queen bed (2) suites in the HRH tower (aka the ultra premium VIP tower) for my friends bachelorette party, 6 months prior to my arrival date. I called the hotel three times before we arrived to ensure that we would have beds for 4 people per room and adjoining rooms, one of the phone calls I made was literally the day before I arrived. When we arrived to the hotel I was informed that we would not be in queen bed suites and instead given a king room with 1 roll away bed. In addition our suites would not be adjoining let alone on the same floor. After some tactful negotiation I was "upgraded" to a 2 deluxe pool view suites and would be given extra linens for a guest to sleep on the couch in each room and our suites would at least be on the same floor. At this point I got on the hotel's website from my phone to see that the hotel was not even fully booked for the weekend and they were showing queen suites in this tower still available!!! When I arrived to my room I found that a "deluxe" pool view room meant that there was 50 extra square feet to the room with an extra chair. Big deal! My room did not even have a view of the pool!!! I immediately called down to the manager on duty and explained our situation. Ashley was her name. She explained to me that it is not in the Hard Rock Hotels policy to guarantee queen suites even when a guest has booked AND payed in full for the rooms 6 MONTHS in advance. I understood as it was a busy weekend but was concerned for the guests in my party who had paid to sleep in a BED (like this was so much to ask for). She offered to "upgrade us" (down grade in fact) to normal rooms in the Casino Tower with NO CHARGE TO US, but Ashley added "The rooms in that tower are NOT AS NICE." By this point I was frustrated so I asked her if I could talk this over with my guests and get back to her. Three conversations later, one of which was with another manager named Grant who HUNG UP on me (even though I was composed and polite the whole time), Ashley negotiated to refund us 60 per room as a COURTESY because the hotel had done NOTHING WRONG (which I never received at checkout) and adding an additional roll away bed to each suite so my guests would have somewhere to sleep! I settled with this. An hour later we received our luggage, not at the fault of the poor bell desk person who was the sole person on duty (he was actually very nice and apologetic). Thus I called Ashley again to tell her about, once again, the poor customer service we were receiving. She at this point told me she was UNDERSTAFFED for the hotels opening season weekend and that she could offer me no other help. She added I was more than welcome to leave the hotel at no cost to me if I would be "OFF THE PREMISES" in 30 minutes. Due to the fact we could find no other place for a group of 8 to stay this weekend we did bunker down and stay. IT IS NO WONDER THAT THE HOTEL HAS RECENTLY FILED BANKRUPTCY! The customer service alone will bar me from ever considering them as a place to stay while on vacation in Vegas. The only highlight to the hotel was the pool, but BUYER BE WARNED this section is owned and operated by a separate management group. Thus you can enjoy the pool facilities at the Hard Rock without being a guest there! All in all, THINK TWICE before staying at this hotel, the DRAMA is not worth it!
2	The only reason my friends want to stay at the Hard Rock is because of Rehab. I like the restaurants: Rare 120 & Nobu. The hotel isn't bad, but it isn't that good either.Even though I didn't pay for the room or even for the trip, I don't plan on staying here again.
4	Beautiful rooms and a great staff.  I love staying here!!!!  If you want to see pic of the room and view of the pool check out my blog post.
2	When I booked this hotel through Southwest Vacations, it was my understanding that it included all associated costs.  Upon check-in the agent told us there would be a resort fee of $15/day for use of the hotel gym so we decided not to use it for that reason alone.   Upon check-out, we were told I was charged an additional $50 for resort fees which are mandatory.  When I communicated what we were told upon check-in,  there was no apology or willingness to compromise or admit any kind of blame.  On top of that, we asked for a late check-out  time for Sunday.  We were told we'd have to call back the morning of so we did and were then informed that there's no late check-outs allowed.  They did give us an option of paying $40 to stay until 6 p.m. that day.  I felt like they were trying to get money from us anyway they could and everything was an add on.  Lastly, Rehab (the pool) was consistently a pain to get into.  The bouncer actually told me I couldn't take my pack of gum in so I asked if we could leave it on the table and grab it on the way out.  We were only at the pool for 10 minutes tops and when we went to pick up the gum, most of it was gone.  I'm not sure if the bouncer chewed it or just allowed randoms to take it but we thought that was all really weird.  I know it's a silly thing but it was unreal.  Be prepared for added costs and issues at the Hard Rock.
4	Recently stayed a second time in the Paradise Tower.  Nice room.  Probably the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever had.   However, the Paradise is quite a walk from the Casino area.This is a  pretty high-end room:  Flat Screen Sony, higher end furniture, premium bed linens, all granite bath, over-priced minibar and floor to ceiling windows.The HRH draws a younger crowd - average age probably 30 something.  Big draw for us are the pools - 5 distinct areas, each with their own appeal.  Enjoyed a weekend day in a cabana with great service.  Female wait staff was attentive and very hot in string bikinis.Staff here is always top-notch and polite.  No problem with an early check-in, and everyone could not have bee nicer throughout our stay.
2	My fiancee and I stayed at HRH last May. We were pretty stoked since we were coming from a fresh, long winter in Montana and were looking forward to some R&R. However, customer service here does not allow for R&R. For some reason the phone became this insane issue on their part, the pools were randomly closed at the discretion of whomever. The people working in HRH are clearly annoyed by the people who frequent the resort because getting help was an issue. Overall, we will give it a 2 star because we liked the rooms and the pools (that were open). However at this point in our life, saving a few bucks is not worth the commute back and forth to the Strip, customer service was hardly good, plus the crowd is much better at several spots we found during our trip - clearly, our next time will be best spent elsewhere and this June we are headed to the Cosmopolitan. HRH failed to live up to the hype and we recognize this.
1	The service at Luckys 24/7 was terrible, though the burger was good.  I've been to this Casino four times and still can't figure out the value of my Rock Star card.  Taxi fare to the property was $11 one way, so you start $22 down before you hit the casino floor.  The music is so loud it's difficult to follow your bets.  Good for the casino, but bad for the customer.  This is a bad experience.  Take your money somewhere slse.
5	We stayed in the HRH tower and the suite was unbelievably nice.  Two flat screens, one in the bedroom and one in the living room that are seperated by two sliding doors.  If you have an iphone or ipod there's a dock in the wall with a touchscreen so you can play your music or the hotel's music through a speaker under the flat screen in the living room.  Huge bathroom and plenty of closet space.  I know people don't usually spend too much time in their hotel rooms in Vegas but this room makes you want to just stay and relax until it's time to go out.  Also really comfortable beds when you're in recovery mode all day.
1	This place has no clue what the definition of customer service is. I stayed here a few years back (first and only time) only to be woken up by some dude using a jackhammer at 830 in the morning by the pool. I couldnt believe that a hotel with many guests would even consider doing any loud construction work that early in the morning. I made a complaint to the front desk thinking that they might care...ahhh nope they were mildly interested in my complaint and did nothing to make good on the issue. There customer service is seriously lacking...funny thing is that I noticed the same types of complaints from other yelpers.
2	I chose to stay at the Hard Rock in Vegas because it was the cheapest rate for the days I needed for a business trip. It is way off the strip so that is to be noted.The Hard Rock will always be the hard rock. It is catered to a younger crowd and loud music plays non-stop. There's no shortage of groups of males walking around scoping out the ladies. The room itself:I was put in the Paradise Tower and told at check-in that a King wasn't available so I'd get a queen. There was also a mention of a $15 resort fee. I asked if it included wifi as other hotels on the strip include that as part of the fee. I was told that it did not and wifi was additional. When pressed what the resort fee covered, I was told "amenities, such as free parking and the gym". So basically, the 'cheap' room rate just skyrocketed.The rooms are quite a bit back from the actual 'lobby'. Just be warned that if you have lots of luggage, you will be walking quite a ways. My room was on the 14th floor and overlooked the parking lot. The first thing I noticed is the scruff marks on the door as well as on the walls. The room also smelled musty and the AC wasn't on. The halls have a smoky smell lingering from all the other guests. The bed itself seems very comfortable and the toiletries don't seem so bad. The lights by the bed won't work though which is interesting. There is one lamp by the TV which seems to work. Other reviewers mentioned the pool being restrictive and it definitely is. They have a security guard who stands out front of it and big signs enforcing their "rules". They also have signs in the lobby noting their dress code after 8pm. Seems a bit much for me and way off the strip.
2	This is the perfect Vegas hotel for a 21-year-old who is broke.  For business travelers, not so much.  As a reference, I stayed at Casino Tower.First, let's start  off with the good things:1) Room was very spacious and clean2) Bed was comfortable3) Center bar was never too crowded, and it was very easy to get a bartender4) Taxi line was very efficientNow the bad:1) $13.99 per day for Internet2) Hotel constantly reeked of smoke and whatever air spritzer they put in to try to cover up the smoke.  Even my non-smoking room smelled of smoke3) Restaurants were awful4) If there was a "younger crowd," I didn't see it, unless that's what they call the "trashy 40-50-year-old set."  Although I was entertained for a good two hours watching some guys with mullets hit on some 55-year-old blondes in miniskirts. 5) Hot water took FOREVER (I mean, more than 10 minutes) to get to the showers6) The hotel is about a $15 cab ride (tip included) to anywhere you would really want to go
4	It's true,  the Hard Rock is not too kid friendly........but it worked out well. The pool over the hill past the cabana's and down the stairs was the perfect place for my 3 year old to play. The pool is about 1.5 feet deep and there is also a beach entry. The other pools also have beach entry, but I found that this pool was less crowded for him to play in. Not a fan of Mr Lucky's restaurant (or whatever the name is). Food was ok, service sucked. I don't expect them to cater to children, but I do expect them to notice that there is another person with me and maybe give him a napkin or silverware or something! The rooms are nice. Ours did not have a tub, just shower. There is a mini/ snack bar on the counter in the room. If you MOVE anything on there, you will be charged. So best thing to do if you have no self control or if you have kids, just throw a jacket, sweatshirt or whatever over it! You will forget that is is even there! So if you are looking for a place where all the tattooed 25 year olds hang out and a few 30-40 year olds, this is your place!
1	Nice rooms, great price, but horrible service.  I've stayed here twice and both times had a bad experience getting a room.  The first time we left L.A. at 8PM on a Friday night and booked the room on our way around 10PM.  We got in around 1AM and stood in line for 30 minutes (no idea why so many people were checking in that late).   We finally got to the front and they said we were in the wrong line and made us wait in the suite line.  We finally made it though that line and they said "looks like we gave away your room, but we can give you the same room with a singe king size bed".  We said that didn't work for us as there were three of us guys and specifically asked for two queens and a roll away three hour ago.  They said there was nothing they could do, so I asked for a refund and I'd stay somewhere else.  They said "we can't do that".  I asked for a manager and they said I'd have to wait in the 30 minute line again to speak with one.  Bad experience #2I went there this past week for business arrive at 11AM.  I stood in a 10 minutes line this time to find that my room was not ready.   They said it would be ready around 1PM.  We went to our conference and came back around 1:30PM.  They said they only had one room ready and not the two we asked for.  So we took that room and worked on the over priced $14/user/day wifi in the room.  They said our second room would be ready by 3:30PM.  4PM I tried to get my room and they said it was still not ready, so I waited until 7PM before getting a room.  We wanted to stay one more night for the conference, but they said all rooms were booked and we needed to leave by 11AM.My other complaints:- $14 wireless- $15/day resort fee (which is for the gym, newspaper, and other spa.  I said no thanks, but they said I have to pay for it)- If you open the mini fridge or even bump the water or snacks they charge you and come by asking if you want more.  - It's far from the strip meaning you can pay $30 round trip to the strip.I loved the room and bed.  I'd go back if they made huge improvements to their customer service and management style.
4	Fun hotel.
4	kick ass suite in the tower, juicy bed, great service, good food, bars & club, can cab it anywhere from here, pool party goes off in the daytime, & the night club is packed in the evening, pretty much everything you need for a rocking good time!
3	Ahhhh, the Hard Rock.  Lots of good memories...  I've been going there since it opened up in the mid-90s and have always enjoyed it as a good place to gamble, eat, drink, lounge by the pool, and (yes) even sleep.  The Hard Rock has the standard variety of slots, video poker machines and table games at a variety of minimums with friendly, professional dealers.  The cocktail waitresses are among the best in Vegas.  Nobu has consistently been one of the finest restaurants I've experienced in Vegas...including an incredible meal on this particular trip.  Also, Mr. Lucky's and Pink Taco are very good for what they are and provide good value.  Finally, the rooms at the Hard Rock have always had one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on outside of my own at home.  After all these years, there's still a lot of goodness at the HR!  I fear, however, that I've outgrown you.  I'm not a prude, a teetotaler, and I certainly don't dislike rock music, but does every guy there have to be drunk, obnoxious, and is either trying to recreate "The Hangover" or an episode of "Jersey Shore" or is a UFC fighter wanna-be.  It seems to me that the douche factor has risen at a much greater rate than my age.  Beware gambling at the Hard Rock after the sun goes down especially on the weekend, since much of the clientele there is way past shitfaced and doesn't care if they lose their money at the table.  It's simply not amusing to sit next to drunk and foul-mouthed twenty-somethings at the blackjack table who are so far gone that the pit boss is having to kick them off of a table.  Yeah, "amateur night"...  Hard Rock, I'll always have a special place in my heart for you, but it's time for me to move on.  It's me, not you.  I just need a place that understands me and is willing to offer a more mature relationship.
3	This would be my second "trip" to the Hard Rock and honestly we only went to do a little gambling and eat (I'll go back again to go to Nobu!).  Its loud, its full of very young people (okay there were a few there my age as well), but mostly its the "hip" place to go.  I've won money, I've lost money so gambling wise it rates up there with most of the other casinos.  Good table values, sometimes you win, sometimes to loose. They do have something great though - the pool and you HAVE to have a cabana.  Nothing feels more decadent than being waited on hand and foot.  The water is nice and cool too (especially nice after basking in the sun).  Definitely worth a trip back, but I like the rooms at the Cosmo better.
4	The GF and I stayed here for a couple nights after spending Xmas with her family. A very pleasant experience!We stayed in one of the new towers. I've heard the old towers aren't nearly as nice, but I wouldn't know. I do know the new towers are GREAT. I was immediately impressed by how clean everything looked when we came in, especially the carpet. Seriously, most hotel room carpets are pretty nasty. But not here. The sitting area was very spacious and comfortable (nice big sectional wraparound couch), with a room divider separating it from the sleeping area. The room divider had huge flat-panel TVs on each side of it, one facing the sitting area and one facing the bed. They're not intended to be used at the same time, because it's still just a single room. The only annoying thing is that they use the same kind of remote control...it happened more than once that we were in bed watching TV and turned it off to sleep, but pressing the power button caused the one on the other side of the divider to turn on. Not the end of the world, but a bit of a pain.The bathroom...OMG. It was as big as my apartment! It really felt like a little taste of luxury just to take a shower! The bed was AMAZING. An entire person could disappear under that luxurious down-stuffed comforter.Nice decor. We had a big picture of Debbie Harry in our room. I like the free music system that's installed in the wall.Good valet service, no issues at all with check-in or check-out and the concierge was very helpful. I would have expected the casino floor at the Hard Rock Hotel to be extremely noisy, even by casino standards. It was actually much quieter than most casinos, which was a nice change of pace.I can't review the pool/beach area and "Rehab" because we came during the winter, most of that area was closed off and I wasn't about to go swimming at the beach in 60-degree weather...but it looked pretty.Overall a very good experience, as long as you don't mind being a few blocks away from The Strip.
4	Vegas.com, I love you for the deal I got on the Paradise City suite. Cute blonde girl at the HRH check-in, I love you for upgrading us to the Pool View suite. :)For half off the stay, how could I not have chosen the Hard Rock? Yes, it's a nice jaunt to the Strip (but we did it twice). Yes, the food choices here are a hit-and-miss. And YES, trying to find the HRH Towers check-in was something akin to Indiana Jones' search for the Holy Grail. However, once I did find it and prepped my feet for the walking (and then my wallet for the cab fare once my feet gave out), I really enjoyed my time here. The bathroom was probably my favorite part of the room.... HUGE shower with two showerheads, spa-sized tub (which I didn't get to use, boo!) and of course, ALL open and perfectly viewable by the entire room (lovely when you're there with a lov-ahh). My lov-ahh's favorite part of the room was easily the bed... big and fluffy, huge pillows and enough room for us both to stretch out.I unfortunately was not able to use the pool nearly as much as I was hoping to (go figure that the week we stay there, Vegas is hit with freak weather). The one day I was able to go lay out, I was digging the pool layout. The Relax party was going on in a different area, but the music was very audible where I was laying... so I was able to bask in the sun (while it was there) and listen to some pretty decent mash-ups. Would I come back and pay full-price? As long as the damn sun promises to show up!!!
1	Ever since Peter Morton sold this place it's gone downhill. The hard rock used to be cutting edge and innovative. Now everybody else has everything they have and do it better. Rehab and the clubs and restaurants are all down. They have to be back on track hopefully soon with their new management.
3	Stayed here on a Tuesday - Friday in the suites.  When we arrived someone opened the doors for us and we waited in the registration line at the front, then I found out we needed to check into the HRH section which was in the back of the casino behind these random blacked out doors by some escalators.  We were charged the resort fee, which seems a bit ridiculous, but I guess someone's gotta pay for that pool maintenance. The rooms were really nice and spacious.  I liked the double tv and the touch screen music on the wall- pretty cool.  The bed was also really comfortable!  However on the negative I would say the rooms were pretty dirty.  I found someone's blonde hair extension on the couch and there was piece of cardboard under the chair in the bedroom the entire time we were there (clearly no one vacuumed!).  Additionally, the bathroom wasn't that clean (had someones left over hair everywhere) and the showers suck!!!  The bathroom looks really nice, but the shower barely spits out any water and I don't think the overhead and shower head are suppose to be on at the same time- if they are- it's the worst fancy shower I've ever used!  Also don't go to the bar because it is way over priced!  Additionally, the crowd here reminds me of kids on spring break (not that I'm a super old fart, but I felt pretty close to being one).  Oh and for those who do stay here, there is a shuttle that takes you to parts of the stip.  We never were able to take the shuttle.  The first time we tried it never came, the second time we probably just missed it.  The cab fare to the strip is about $10 for two people.  You can also walk...which is about .5 mile (I think?) and its not a bad walk, but you do go through a weird shady area.  Also it feels kind of unsafe to walk so close to the road/there are parts where there isn't a side walk.
4	My buddy and I both mid 30's and settled down with families got the green light from our women to hang out a couple nights in vegas, so the hard rock we chose....check in was smooth, and got upgraded to the new tower rooms which are pretty  nice....however upon entering the room even after warning the bro he  decided to check out not only the jelly beans but also the Vodka in the fridge, so on the way back down we stoped at the front desk and asked if we were going to be charged, it did show on  my account but they were cool enough to remove the charge with no problem.    I can honestly say all the employee's that I encountered from check in to check out were very cool to us, and it was a great time.  The rock is solid.Pros-service, food, pool, music., nice clean rooms.cons-none really, but a warning....dont buy food like a coffee in the morning and think you are bringing it to the pool area, not happening I had to chug it before hitting the pool.  One last thing I love how people whine about it being off the strip....who cares, and how can one be shocked about the 15$ a day resort fee it's posted everywhere, and most hotels in vegas charge that now.....research where you stay.  And somebody breaking into a room and stealing money out of a wallet while you sleep....I'm calling B.S. on that.  Use the safe and locks next time.
1	I really wanted to rate HRH higher, I really did, but it was disappointing.Pros:  the beds are awesome!  I don't know what it's like to sleep on a cloud, but if I had to imagine, these beds are it!That being said, that's the best selling point.  :(Cons:  so let's start at the beginning..Signage in the driveway and the parking garage suck!   There are some one way streets around the hotel, so you have to make loops if you miss your turn.  No driveway signage, so we ended up in the taxi line by accident (no traffic control at all, employees/valets kept jumping out and crossing the street).  If you were to follow arrows in the garage, you would drive into a chained off area!  Check in took forever!  20+ minutes!  One girl checking people in on Memorial Day weekend who was kind of ditzy and kept commenting on how surprised she was that it was busy.   There were two groups in front of us, and that is counting the group she was helping.  Finally when we got to the counter, another guy came up to help her and checked in the one guy behind us.  Boo to your customer service HRH.The room itself was fairly nice cosmetically.  Glad we had gotten a promotional deal because I don't think I would pay the $500 they were charging for a Saturday night stay on Memorial weekend.Musically, I was upset.  One "amenity" they offer is a touch screen music player. It updated ALL night.  It kept saying that it was updating and service would return shortly.  Well in the 12 hours that we were in the room it never worked!  I tried my iPod then my iPhone in the dock and neither worked either!   I also tried the iHome dock on the nightstand but that was broken too!   Ugh!  So I called guest service on the cheap feeling cordless phone.  It took 9 rings for someone to answer!!! The I was placed on a "brief" hold of 4 minutes?!?!  I asked how long the update was going to take.  "I don't know." What?!? Make something up, I don't care!  That's more bad service in my book.  "Well the system automatically updates all our movies and music once a month.". Uh someone screwed up!  Maybe someone should have rescheduled this particular update seeing how the hotel is sold out!!  Lame!There are two TVs in the room, but both remotes sucked.  No guide except for the hotel and their channels.  The station would change and you could hear the next channel, but the picture would take another 5 seconds or so to change.Oh and good luck to you if you have to use the restroom at 5am.  So there is a master light switch somewhere in the room.  I'm still not sure which one it is, but when it's on none of the other switches work!  Why you would disable the lights in the toilet with a master switch is beyond me.Great potential,  POOR execution!!!!!!
5	HRH is not as large as some of the other hotels on the strip... but this is something you will greatly appreciate when you have to walk through the casino floor in heels after clubbing! I didn't get a chance to dine at any of the restaurants in this hotel but I did pick up a bottle of water and a bag of chips from the mini mart by my room elevator [: Although it set me back $5 it was well worth it since I had the drunchies (drunk + munchies).. Our room was gorgeous even though we had a view of part of the roof.. Our room had a full-sized bathroom with a huge shower/tub, plenty of mirrors and lighting, carpet/tile throughout, 2 extra comfy beds (for those rare occasions that you do sleep in vegas), and a nice big flat screen TV for all your MTV needs! The main reason my friends and I stayed at this hotel were so that we could get into Rehab Sundays at the HRH Pool.. As a guest your admission is included as part of your stay at their hotel and all you gotta do is wakeup early to line up before they hit capacity! I would definitely stay at this hotel again and love the availability of resources they have for their guests.. They have many restaurants, bars, clubs, quick-service food spots (like starbucks!), and shops.. If you're looking for a nice place to stay right off the strip then choose The Hard Rock!
1	Wow has HRH Vegas changed!  Very disappointing experience in May.  Going back 4-5 years I used to frequent this hotel/casino/resort with some frequency.  I think it must be under new management or ownership or both, because while I used to enjoy and frequent this locale, it no longer will be someplace I come back to.  I go to vegas 5x a year.1) New tower.  The rooms don't really seem any larger than the old rooms, and there are no closets (just wardrobes), and there is way too much dead space because of the size of the bathroom.  Nice look and feel but poor on the functionality.  Also the room sound system only worked 1 of the 5x I tried to use it.  The other 4x it said "system temporarily unavailable while updating the system."2) There were massive design flaws in this upgraded "tower".  They didn't design in enough sound proofing for the walls and windows.  You can hear the pulsating music and base of the nightclub as you are trying to go to sleep at 230am, as well as the nocturnal activities of your next door neighbor.  The curtains don't "black out" the windows, so you are fighting the sun at 7am.  Come 830am the massive pool music system is up for sound check and running so you can't sleep because the room is shaking from the pool sound system.  I know what the HRH is known for, and I expect loud music but I expect to not have it destroy my ability to sleep.  At any hour.  Isn't that part of the vegas "deal"?  Party hard and sleep in?3) The whole pool set up has become ridiculous.  You have to wait 45-120 minutes in line to get your wrist band depending if it's a Sat/Sun to go to the pool.  I don't pay 300+ a night to wait 2 hours to go to the pool.  And to pay 75 dollars as a hotel guest to go to the pool.  It used to be free for hotel guests to attend Rehab or some nominal charge, and the wrist bands were issued at the front desk at check in.  No crazy lines, no crazy expenses.  This is insane the way it's set up now.4) Are you ready for this?  A pool chair now has a 100 dollar food and bev min.  For REHAB sunday that jumps to 500 dollars.  As a result, 85+ percent of the beach chairs were unoccupied and everyone was sitting on towels draped over concrete.  Somehow I don't feel I should be forced into choosing between being extorted or sitting on concrete given the Rack Rates at the HRH.  I would obviously have skipped waiting in line 90 minutes plus paying 75 dollars as a hotel guest if anywhere it was mentioned on the web site or marketing materials that a chair was 500 min food and bev.  I would have saved my time and money and done something else.  Wasting time is one thing, wasting money is another, and wasting both is inexcusable5). Really cheap on the comps.  Look, I don't play 5-10 dollar hands, and I don't play for 15 minutes.  I play hours a day at a respectable average bet.  Most casinos vie for my business and it's reflected in the sizable comps.   The comp rate here is as bad as the Venetian /Wynn.  And with much fewer rollers or high rollers.  And not a whale in sight.  How does this make any sense?HRH, I like your scene, and I like your brand, but you really must fix these items to get another dollar of my money...  As usual Lucky's Diner was great, but that wasn't enough to save the experience!
3	staying the night, passing thru after a 4 day grand canyon backpacking trip... found me a douchebag staff, douchebag crowd, feel like im right back home at the jersey shore. love itttt!good thing only my legs are sore, fist pumpinitt.
1	Wish I had known what a douche pit this place would be before we booked.
2	We went here for the Mr Lucky's $4.99 steak and egg special, which was a decent breakfast on the cheap.  It was in line with Denny's and the like, but for $4.99 it was pretty much the best breakfast deal I could find.  We also walked around in the hotel for a bit after breakfast.  This place appeals to a very specific demographic.  The people watching was pretty entertaining.  I felt like I had wandered into an episode of Jersey Shore or MTV Spring Break.  I would never stay here overnight or for any length of time, but breakfast was alright and the people watching was kinda fun.
2	The accommodations were nice but it has a confusing layout with no signs to explain where you are or where to go. The human element of the staff is Severely Lacking: not enough people at the front desk for check in so it was a long wait, valet parking said our vehicle would go in the underground garage and instead it was left outside, the Rockstar Club staff gave misinformation on signup and the attitude was very ghetto and indignant when questioned. "I never told you that!" I know; you weren't the one I talked to, honey. The greeters at the Lucky 24/7 cafe didn't even say a word except "follow me", and although the waitress was very functional, she didn't offer to refill our coffee and was very impersonal. For the mistakes that were made, not once did we hear even an "I'm sorry", instead they couldn't have cared less ~ we were cattle just like the rest of the tourist. All in all, very unimpressive and surprising how poor the overall customer service was. For the money, there's better.
5	It's not hard for me to like Vegas hotels and this one is Excellent!!!! Their rooms and amenities are EXCELLENT! The hotel is beautiful! The beds and bathrooms and flat screens are excellent! Sure, I got in on an excellent deal via their special on twitter ($40 per night), and I wouldn't choose them if I had to pay retail....but the fact that they had this awesome deal is thumbs up.Vegas is awesome for people that like alcohol, slots, gambling, and sexy time! Gotta thank my gf for the last one ;)
2	Went Memorial Day weekend and they gave away our rooms twice. Absolutely unacceptable. We checked in the first day and had to get a room with one bed instead if the two we booked for. They gave away our room but promised us a suite the next day and assured us that the room was reserved and locked in for us. we called in the morning and they said they were cleaning it and they would call us. We checked the registration desk and they gave it away again. Horrible experience and will never stay here again. Definitely avoid on holidays. You might end up with a room nothing like you booked and they will just say sorry, nothing we can do. I will say that the bell staff and other staff are very friendly and were the only reason why I gave it two stars instead of one.
5	i love this place because of the poolside concerts. i have seen wolfmother and slightly stoopid. poolside trumps any other type of concert venue!it doesn't hurt that during the day, the pool is filled with beautiful young ladies.someone grabbed my sandals by mistake while i was in the pool, i informed the security, and they replaced my sandals with some from the store..no charge! they have my loyalty forever!
4	Have stayed here the past few times I was in town for a Vegas trip.  We stayed in the casino tower, and had a room that overlooked the pool and part of downtown.  I still like staying at the Hard Rock when I come to Vegas.  They even expanded a bit so there is a casino area with tables and slots next to Mr. Lucky's.  CON'sDoor Man at the Elevator - Make sure you have your door key with you, as this door man does not have a "list".  No key, so elevator ride to your room.Valet - Gets filled on busy nights, but where isn't this a problem?PRO'sLoud - The hallway in general can be loud, but since most of the people staying here are partying, I expect it.  Hell, I welcome it!Beds - Very comfortable, I can always get a good nights sleep when I hit the sheets herePool View - Excellent view of the pool and strip.  We were on the 11th floor, which made for a great viewGaming - This past time out, the limits on the tables weren't that bad.  I was actually stoked to see there were $5-10 tables available.  However, we only gambled in the wee hours of the morning and not the prime time hours.
4	I've often gambled here and bought the requisite Hard Rock Las Vegas souvenirs, but I've never stayed here.....until now. All I have to say to myself about that is: Why the hell did I wait so long to do so? From the moment I arrived to the Reservations counter to the time I checked out, I've never had such a smooth and comfortable stay. I got a corner room in the Paradise Tower on the 16th floor and was greeted with the best view I've had in Vegas. The left hand floor to ceiling window showed the 2 HRH pools while the right hand side window showed the LV Strip in all its glory. Another plus is that there were fewer drunken idiots there than I thought there would be! I saw people of all ages there, including this cute couple in their 60's hanging out at Center Bar Thursday night watching the NBA game. I've read previous posts about how comfortable the beds are here and have to agree 100% with them. It's not the best I've ever slept in but it ranks up in my top 5. While there I ate at Mr Lucky's, which is a personal fav of mine in Vegas. For players club members, the $4.99 steak & egg Graveyard special and the $7.77 Steak & Shrimp Gambler's special cannot be beat. (NOTE: They recently changed the hours for the Graveyard special from Midnight to Noon to Midnight to 8am). I also ate at Pink Taco which was pretty good but not spectacular. They have a pretty good happy hour special for 99 cents tacos and margaritas between 1-3pm and 9-11pm Monday through Thursday, I didn't get around to Johnny' Smalls for their AYCE Tapas but that is on my to do list for next time (NOTE: it's in the HRH Tower casino portion of the complex; I saw more than a few people walking down the corridor where the shops and some restaurants are looking for it). This brings me to the only "complaint" I have about this place. Anywhere you go inside a LV Casino, you see signs after signs directing you to restaurants, hotel towers, etc but none at the HRH. In the past, it was a pretty easy place to navigate since it was all in the round, so to speak but since the 2 expansions and renovations have doubled the size of it all, it would be a good idea to have better directions to give customers and guests on where to go (the property map they give you upon check in is good but really, how often is it looked at after you first get to your room and head out?). Overall, I had a wonderful stay and look forward to my next stay there in September.
3	Great hotel room but can be really overpriced depending on when you go. I came here over Memorial Day weekend with a few people. I loved the hotel room but they charge for everything! For a roll-away bed was an extra $20 per night, you couldn't even use the mini-fridge without being charged. There are some perks that included it was in a central location, minutes from the strip. They host Rehab, which is a concert. When I came Drake and Lil Wayne was there but guests still have to wait in line to get their complimentary tickets that are for only 2 guests. And make sure you get in line early because prices double, they will stop selling tickets, and the line will be close to 2 hours and up to get a ticket. Then the casino, restaurants, and night club in the hotel so you don't have to leave the hotel at all to have a good time! After all of that  I'll still try another hotel next time I'm in Vegas or try on a less crowded weekend.
5	I heart the Hard Rock. Have a great time everytime I stay there. Get a players card if you gamble. They really take care of everyone. All the dealers, service and staff are awesome. It's like a constant party. Pink Taco and the diner place have really good food.
4	I always have a good time when I go to the Hard Rock.  It's not a large casino, but the bar in the middle of the casino is an awesome spot to get a 360 view of the casino as well as meet a lot of drunk people.  LOL.  It's was a little late and since we didn't feel like going to the club, we posted ourselves at the bar and had some good times talking to random people.  They've got go-go dancers behind the tables climbing to the top of the poles, a 24hr restaurant (Mr. Lucky's), and a good ratio of guys and girls.  I've also been to their restaurant Ago, which is super chic and awesome food.  Highly recommend the Hard Rock for an overall good time (dinner, club, bar, gamble, in whatever order you like).
2	I will give HRH a few points as I believe that the decor was out of this world for anyone who just loves rock and roll. That's unfortunately not me. Moreover, the dimness and darkness of the hotel lobby bothered me greatly. The pool, on the other hand, was PHENOMENAL. Just AMAZING. Sadly, I would not go out of my way off-strip for a place I find unsettling that comes with poor gaming. I lost non-stop on the slots. :(
4	If you stay here I would suggest the main tower.  They actually have doors that open up to a balcony.
4	Been to Vegas 15+ times, have stayed exclusively at the HRH the last 4 years. BEST hotel for the 25-35 year old crowd. No kids to be seen, the pool parties are outrageous and the restaurants are good (Mr. Lucky's is my fav - cheap American food. Yum.) If you want to party don't stay anywhere else!! Oh and don't plan on leaving Sunday, stay until Monday and don't miss Rehab!
3	Okay. Let's start with the positives. First, the hotel is very close to the airport and a cab ride will cost you and your posse about $10-- no joke (b/c it's off the strip). Next, the rooms are pretty spacious and comfortably laid out. The decor of the hotel is very rock and roll, edgy, "a dude's hotel". The light fixtures on each hallway floor are zildjian top hats and high hats-- pretty cool if you ask me. One of my favorite eateries in LA has found a new home at the Hard Rock Hotel, Pink Taco. It was convenient to roll up and just enjoy some tacos and margaritas. The pool area, Rehab, wasn't going off when I went by but the music was on point and the two dozen or so people looked like they were enjoying themselves. One really cool part of the pool was the mega slide which I noticed the little kids and big kids enjoying.  However, the hotel has some areas where I question the strategic planning team. The hotel room's bathrooms are very, very small. I'm only 5'7" but I felt really crammed in the shower. For some odd reason, the base of shower tub seems to have been built higher than most tubs and can make you lose your balance and fall. Then, the toilet seat seems to have been installed lower than normal so when you think you should squat and sit, you have a couple of inches because you plunk into the toilet seat. I know it's an odd think to review but it could seriously throw you off a bit, especially if you've been drinking. Next, the limited number of dining options was a disappointment. You can eat at Mr. Lucky's, which is basically a 24 hr. diner, think Mel's Drive-In with additional Asian entrees; Ago, an Italian eatery which was probably our best choice and fairly priced; Nobu, a sushi restaurant you would pay an arm and a leg for. I ate at the Nobu in NYC and I don't remember the prices being so high. Rare 120, I'm not going to even go there-- can you say, EX-PEN-SIVE and tacky?? I've dined at some awesome steak houses in Vegas like CUT at the Palazzo (my husband paid $160 for a Kobe Ribeye, so you can see, we're not tight-wads); Del Monico's which was also pricey but worth the money. Every penny. Rare 120 has some nerve pricing their menu the way they do. WOW and not in a good way. The hotel is quite small compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip. Whenever I've stayed at the Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn or Paris hotels, I never felt the need to leave the actual hotel because there was so much to see and do. The Hard Rock can make you feel claustrophobic at times. All in all, the Hard Rock is O.K. If you and your friends are planning on sharing a room, I suggest you spend a little more and stay on the strip. Our cab fare to and from the strip (to Bellagio) cost us at least $15 ONE WAY. So if you do the math, over a few days, it might be worth staying on the strip and walk around. Cheers!
4	It's been awhile since I've been here but it's pretty nice inside. I like that it's not on the strip but has enough stuff to do at the hotel.
2	Second time staying at the HRH. Our "non-smoking" room had the strongest smoke scent when we entered. The room never felt CLEAN, the entire stay I was never confident as to how clean the room/floors were. The TV remote didn't work and there were no controls on the actual TV. Housekeeping would come in after knocking ONCE. Both times it happened, I told the lady that we would be leaving in 10 minutes and asked her to come back later -- both times, never happened.I received an email about the $45 rate for the Wiz Khalifa concert. After changing my hotel accommodations to utilize this special, I was sorely disappointed upon check out and having $70 extra in "resort fees and room revenue." Ruined my entire experience. Truly...everything I have listed about the cleanliness of the room, etc. I was fine ignoring because EDC had just passed and I figured everyone was slammed with crazy guests and a lot of mess. But when I had to check out and found out the extra charges had occurred (and you're not even allowed to use the REFRIGERATOR for free! What is that?!), it definitely took all the little annoyances and made my stay regrettable. Won't be returning.I did give it an extra star because the pool was nice, free and not too crowded with some music in the background.
1	This place is awful. It says hard rock but it's more like "we're running out of money, and by the way we're hitting rock bottom while censoring your speech rock". The AC was out today for many hours and the power went out randomly and then, while talking to my friends at the craps table, I was told I can't say Fuck. They are actually censoring my first amendment speech right! The hard rock is doing it! This country is going to shit along with these awful relics. FUCK this place!
4	I always stay at the Hard Rock when I come to Vegas. It's so convenient to go up stairs and drink in your room and go back downstairs to The Joint, their concert venue. There's ins and outs so you can get totally trashed for cheap. I think you get free admission to Vanity night club if you are a guest at the hotel. Plus, there are always celebrities there. I played Roulette with SOAD drummer, John. How sick is that? The HRH tower suites are very nice. They're spacious and well designed. I could live in the bathroom. There's a huge tub and a separate shower. I've never had an issue with noise, though I've always been in floors that are pretty high up. Although, the pool is sort of loud when they play music. The staff have always been friendly to me and twice I've been upgraded to a corner suite without asking.
3	By buddy and I didn't stay here, but we did stop by to check out the new additions.  I've had a lot of good times at this casino in the past, but I'm not sure the new additions work.  To my way of thinking, the place has lost the feeling of being an intimate, different hotel and casino it had before the additions.  The casino seemed to be at least two or three times the size of the original.  It's shiny and new, but it seems like it's lost its soul.  It also seemed very empty for a Saturday afternoon, especially so given it was the Saturday before the July 4th holiday, and the rest of town seemed packed starting Friday night.
4	great place to stay, rooms are awesome and not too expensive. Clubs and restaurants are great, plenty to do.
4	We stayed here when we saw Underworld perform nearby.I loved the look of it from the outside. The casino is amazing and 'The Joint' is fabulous. Hart and Huntington Tattoo was awesome to see.The room was a regular room and it wasn't anything fancy. You could have told me it was a Holiday Inn Express and I wouldn't have argued. It worked for us because we were out all night anyway. Location was key for us. I don't even remember walking back to the room to be honest.Also...the circular venues and rooms and etc downstairs is confussing. I kept getting lost (not because I was drunk) but it was just confussing. I think if I were drunk and without my man, I could have gotten into trouble...We'll be back I'm sure and we'll try something new.
4	Even though it's a bit off the strip, it's not bad because they do have a shuttle to take you from the strip to the hotel. Playing card games on the machines at the circle bar is always pretty profitable and the it's the only casino I've ever won at on a slot. I've yet to have a bad time at wasted space and love seeing concerts at the venue. The pool is amazing (as long as its not a Rehab day. Too crowded for my taste)No complaints about the room. Beds are comfy, showers have warm water and drain properly. What more do you really need in Vegas! Not a huge fan of the restaurants in the hotel, but the generous pours in the mixed drinks tend to alleviate hunger pangs. If you're looking for a change of pace/dive bar in the area, Double Down is is right around the corner.
4	My review is based on my stay in the HRH Tower suites so staying in something other then those YMMV. So here we go....Check In-Quick, private, fast, and pain free. The desk was never super busy and the young lady was more then helpful and full of personality. Was in and out in 10 mins. Valet & Parking - Great my car never took more then 5 mins to arrive and the hotel is directly attached to the garage so other then check in and my first day I went ahead and switched to self parking. Something I would not do at pretty much any other vegas hotel.  *Pro Tip* The view from the top of the HRH towers parking garage is stellar it is a unobstructed full panorama of the strip and worth checking out.The room- Awesome the decor, swanky ness, and features are out of this world for the price. I actually like the room more then my suite at the Encore from last trip but the Encore still has the nicest beds on the strip. The decor is dark especially in the bathroom and that may be off putting to some people. I found the room to be pure unadulterated awesome and have zero complaints. Casino-Small and not very busy (I don't gamble much so not a big deal to me)Restaurants-I was really surprised by the selection and quality of the food here. Oh and it's not over priced I would even go as far to say that for the convenience it's actually a bargain. Never had a bad meal and never broke the bank (I went to the strip and did that)Cons-The HRH towers are luxury and 5 star treatment the rest of the hotel feels the polar opposite. It's loud and crazy which is not necessarily a bad thing but it may be for some. If you don't have a car staying here could make getting to the strip a real pain. They only offer late checkout based on occupancy. Are you seeing me struggle to find bad things to say about this place?That's because there aren't many. Overall Impression -The staff is great, the casino is small, the location is nice if you don't care for the strip, the rooms are great, and the prices can't be beat.
2	The one good thing this place has going for it is the beds - super comfy, made it hard to get up from a nap and go out!  Oh, and the rock memorabilia was very cool as well. The room could have been cleaner.  Everything was really dusty, including the items on the snack tray.  We arrived just after 8am on Saturday morning of Fourth of July weekend, and we were pleasantly surprised to get a room right away.  However, the staff wasn't particularly friendly.  Not rude, but just not friendly.  We had breakfast at Mr. Lucky's, then hit the pool.  We went to the Rehab pool first, where we would've had to purchase $100 in food and drinks each to use a lounge chair.  So we wandered to the "family pool" where we could occupy lounge chairs without a food/drink minimum.  It was frustrating that they don't allow any outside food or drinks, not even water or gum!  So when we went to the bar to get a beer we would get a cup of ice too, and either let it melt down or fill it at the water fountain near the bathrooms.  Since we weren't staying Sunday night, we weren't given free admission to Rehab on Sunday, which was fine because we didn't really think that would be our scene anyway. I'll miss their beds next time I'm in Vegas, but I probably won't stay here again.
4	Love the Hard Rock in Vegas. More of a younger crowd here and not a lot of gambling tables. This is more of a party hotel but a good one. They have a Nobu which is always great and a steakhouse called Rare 120 which is fabulous. Sundays there's the pool party, Rehab, which is always  a hit in the summer. Vanity is a decent club, not one of my fav's in vegas but fun to check out if your staying here. Plus, there's usually always deals going on for the rooms here, so sign up for there mailing list.
4	For my first time in vegas, I'm glad I made the decision to stay at the Hard Rock!  Even though the hotel itself is off the strip, I enjoyed every part that the Hard Rock had to offer.Upon check-in, we were upgraded to one of the rooms in the casino tower without knowing!  I remember we got there and we were in awe...was this really what we booked?! I absolutely was in LOVE with it!  I loved how we had a view of the pool, which, was disturbing during the weekends when all you want to do is sleep.  The music carries up into the rooms and sometimes, in the early AM, they do sound checks for their speakers...which sucks.  But, on the flip side, it was the most awesome way to wake up on the weekends, especially if Rehab is happening downstairs!  While I am sad I did not have the time to attend Rehab, I loved being able to rock out in the comfort of my own room to the DJs that were playing (and for the weekend I was there, I was excited that it was two DJs that knew how to get the party started!)Anyway back to the rooms.  The beds were super comfy!  They were better than the bed I have back home here lol...and even right now, as I type this and remember the awesomeness of my room, I get a little "homesick".  The room was decently sized, it was large enough that when we had a few guests over everyone did not seem like they were cramped.  I am sad that during the course of my stay, that I did not have the time to visit all of the Hard Rock's many restaurants.  The next time I come back, I will defiantly make reservations to try out Ago or Nobu.  Happy hour at the Pink Taco was awesome and I recommend checking it out!   Overall, my stay in Vegas wouldn't have been as much fun if I had stayed anywhere else.  The music selection through the hotel lobby and the casino's made the experience there even more phenomenal...I remembered many moments of just stopping to sing along to the songs as we walked to the car on a night out on the strip or on the way back to the room to get rest for the following night out!  The vibe, atmosphere, and staff made my stay memorable and on my next adventure to Vegas, I will remember to book once more with the Hard Rock Hotel!
1	Down hill FAST!  The rooms suck, the people are assholes, and the property is OLD! Stay Away.....the strip is where it is at.  No bullshit, no hassle,  just a good time.......sorry these people lost that!
4	So It was a girls weekend away for my best friends bachlorette party & we chose the Hard Rock as our place to crash.As soon as the girl at check in heard about our party we were bumped up to a nicer room. Love that!The room was perfect as usual. And all the service was on point.We loved our stay at the Hard Rock & cant wait to come back.
4	Good place for the twenty something's and young thirties. Only go there if you are ready to party. The Sunday rehab music is sooooo loud that you can't relax, especially if you are trying to recover in your room from Saturday night. The party ends at 6 but the music was on until 8 or 9 pm. On Monday they have Relax at the smaller pool. The other days they have music at the pool which creates a cool party vibe. The pool is huge with a beach area, slide for kids (and big kids), water fall, swim up gaming, and lots of lounge areas. Big huge pool with plenty of cabanas and beds to rent. Gorgeous landscaping with plenty of palm trees to shade you from the hot summer desert weather. $15 margaritas at the pool with strict security all over. The room as okay (Paradise Tower), nothing to write home about. We had a king suite with only a shower but the shower could fit 10 people. The place is a little run down (chipped wood, things falling apart, old furniture). Some cleaners must be blind because the first room we got was unacceptable. They rectified it by moving us to another room. I loved the casino and feel of the whole casino area. There are tons of memorabilia cases and rock n' roll artifacts. I loved walking around just to see what they had up. The restaurants were good and offer great deals with your players card. Check their website for more info on the times and what they have to offer because they don't tell you those things. Lucky 24/7 and Pink Taco were my favs. The night club seemed good by all the people lined up to go in. I didn't check it out though. They had poker tournaments and really tight slots. Some table minimums were $5. This hotel was good. Not really a place to come and relax. If your coming with your boys or girls to get wasted and party this is definitely the hotel to stay at. If you are going to Vegas with your family or just want to relax then try another joint.
4	99% of our 5 night stay here in late April was perfect:+The HRH corner suites spoiled me for life (rain shower and HUGE tube, double flat screens, comfy bed, killer music system) and we had a lovely view of the pool area AND the strip.+Awesome dealers at the casino tables that were happy to teach me roulette, craps, and switch blackjack.+Attentive hotel staff from check-in to check-out.  No snobbery I've seen mentioned in other rooms - see disclaimer about the 1% exception below.+None of that suffocating feeling you find in the larger casinos and easy to navigate.Now for that less than perfect 1%:Finding a place to sun bathe around the pool on Thursday at 11 am was almost impossible.  Note I said almost.  We finally found a grouping of five lounge chairs and settled into two.  About an hour later one of the pool attendants told us that area was closed and we'd have to leave... no posted sign, no rope cardoning the area off.  Then the guy proceeds to carry our chairs down the stairs in front of us and over to a cabana.  Real nice, huh?  The part that really grinds my gears is that I had tried to rent a vacant cabana for us -- there were plenty that were unreserved -- but couldn't find a single attendant to take my money.  And we were already both paying a daily pool area fee for each day of our stay.
5	My FIRST time in Vegas about 2 months ago (yes...I know..) , and Hardrock just made it all the better. Would I come back to Vegas? No. But dayaaamn I had THE BEST TIME playing Blackjack with the Dealers. I never gambled -- but my gf told me to just for fun and holy shit was I on a roll. Within a hour, all the players gathered up at the table to see what all the fun was about. The dealers were gorgeous and funny. The one I liked had kids but it didn't matter. I asked one of them out, and she said yes. I realized i am fucking awesome in vegas. and I'll leave my experience at that
3	The rooms are big and spacious. This place is not family friendly as everyone here is ready to party like a rock star not Barney.The Hotel is a small ways away from the strip which was somewhat inconvenient, but that do have a shuttle to the fashion show mall every hour at the top of the hour.
4	Stayed here for 3 nights with my girlfriends. Our room was beautiful & the view was very nice! The beds are so soft, however the pillows were not very comfy.  Also, both times we asked for extra towels it took them forever to bring them up.  The casino is good only if you're looking to gamble...table games. I'm not a big gambler so...It's not on the strip or walk to the strip.  But I had a blast there...Also I can't mention the Hard Rock without mentioning ReHab!!! OMG soooo much fun!!! MUST DO!!! Hotel guest can get in for free.  If you have more guest they pay but get in line with guests.  21+ only, even on Saturdays! sorry kids. Had a blast!
4	We got a free upgrade, not sure why.We stayed in a double double and it was the most spacious hotel room I've ever stayed in. And best yet, it was facing the pool! (saweet; we even took advantage of it and did a mini photoshoot! The pics came out fantastic... unfortunately it was a little exotic so sorry, no preview) I love the decor and the white sheets and blankets. Me and my girlfriend kept on saying, "OMG, I want to steal these blankets!"I do not recall on having to ask for the hotel service for anything so I can't tell you how their service is like. The good thing is that we didn't run into any problems with the room. So, that's always a good thing.Oh, one thing though. as spacious the room was, the bathroom was pretty small. Which was a little disappointing. I guess they put more thought into the bedroom then the bathroom. (I don't know)I would definitely return to this hotel as long as someone's willing to split the room rate with me. =]
3	Been traveling to Las Vegas for many decades. In the olden days, there were only a few classy resorts, but today the competition is intense as all the premier resorts generally offer the exact same thing - only the names change. Big Casino, fabulous pool area, array of rooms and suites, multiple restaurants and bars, signature show or venue, shopping arcade, etc. The HRH has as many pros as cons. While I enjoyed my stay, I'll think hard (absolutely no pun intended) for the next trip whether or not to return to the HRH. PROS Comfortable, yet extremely dark room, Luxurious bedding, flat screen HD TV on the wall, iPhone-ready clock radio/stereo/charger, well insulated; very quiet. Friendly staff, from front and bell desk to security, wait staff, store employees, dealers. They walk the walk! Weakest employees were definitely those working the pool area. Rock memorabilia everywhere. Great stuff, incredible photos, and a decent soundtrack playing throughout the property Pink Taco Restaurant - normally Hotel food runs from the signature restaurant to, ah, well, HOTEL food, but Pink Taco, while not fancy or Internationally known, does a real fine job with run-of-the-mill Mexican/Southwestern cuisine. Good food and drinks, with a happy hour during the week that begins at 2pm selling discounted Margarita's and .99 tacos. A Starbucks in the Shopping Arcade - In the old days if you only wanted a cup of coffee in the morning in Vegas, you stood in line at the property's coffee shop. With a side of toast and tip you dropped $10 per. I consider a coffee concession at Vegas hotels to be a real benefit (all properties have at least one), although interesting to note that a cup of coffee is roughly $1 more expensive in Vegas than in the Bay Area. CONS Room, while comfortable, was incredibly dark, even with the window shade fully open and all the lights on. Unfortunately for me, my room looked right into the top floor of the parking garage, which removed almost all sunlight.Oh well, the old adage says you don't spend much time in your Vegas hotel room, so..... Casino is the perfect size, not too enormous like the bigger resorts, but it has maybe the worst Sports Book in the City. Since the Sports and Race Book is my favorite part of the casino, i was most disappointed by the lack of atmosphere there. Definitely not conducive to spending a day playing the ponies at tracks around the country. Jump into a cab and head for the books at Bellagio, Ceasars, or Mirage (TI's is decent too; an added bonus - they have a keno room within). Speaking of jumping into cabs, you'll be doing a lot of this unless you plan on sequestering yourself at the HRH for the duration of your stay. The only truly bad thing about the HRH is its location off the strip. During the 4 days we easily spent $250 cabbing it to the strip and back several times each day/night. If you stay centrally located on the Strip you can walk everywhere, but at the HRH, especially in summer weather, makes walking impossible. If you stay here and plan to get out and about, it'll cost you. HRH Famous Pool Area - I get the attraction here and completely understand the wild popularity of Rehab Sunday's, but on a mid-week day it's all a big, expensive tease. Head down to the pool at 9:30 a.m. only to be stopped by a security guard (think concert security as opposed to casino security) and told the pool doesn't open till 11 a.m. Return at 11 a.m., security provided wristbands (never explained what it meant nor did they ask to see id or a room key) and then we were generally on our own. No one to explain the logistics, provide towels, try to sell us a cabana, We grabbed a couple of Lounge Chairs by the Beach and perused the menu which indicated that a drink in a Rehab Cup (plastic) was $26. Not a single barmaid asked if we wanted to order anything. Again, on our own. The tease was that by my count, they have roughly 50 - 60 Cabanas, of which nearly ALL were EMPTY. Here's a novel thought : Upgrade some of your guests by either discounting or gratis cabanas that you know are not going to be used. Know which guests are out there. I was insulted that renting 2 rooms for 3 nights each couldn't "buy" me a Cabana on a sizzling hot day that was going to be EMPTY. Gesture would've gone a long way to breed loyalty for your property. On the way out of the pool area a guard told me that the Cabana's go for $500, with a $500 food/drink minimum - Mid week. Weekends? Forget it!While many of the Vegas properties have shopping arcades that rival big city malls, the HRH's version is very limited. Behind the HRH Store off the Casino is a fairly narrow hallway that, unless you are in the market for a tattoo, overpriced clothing and lingerie, or a pack of gum, you'll be out of luck. This is a bit of an exaggeration, but not by much.
4	I stayed here about 6 months ago with a few friends, and was greatly surprised as to how nice the room was.We were making a last minute trip and went on Vegas.com to find the lowest rate for a decent hotel and decided on Hard Rock, and I'm glad that we did!Otter than being off of the strip, I would not hesitate to stay here again!
4	I love the Hard Rock because it's off the strip, not as touristy, and, of course, it's classic rock n roll motif.  They have an awesome waterslide in the pool area and many pools to choose from with cool cabanas. This is usually my go-to hotel when I'm in town. I only wish my local Vegas friend liked hip hop because that puts a damper on her mood when DJs are playing at the pool.
4	A solid 4 star hip and swanky joint. We stayed 2 nights, Sun & Mon, and paid $66/night. For that price, it really should be a 5 star, but lost one because their wifi policy only allows for one device per room. If you have the choice, stay in the Paradise Tower. It is s newer section and the room had the wow factor you expect from the HRH&C. Swanky decor, well laid out and spacious bathrooms, great showers, all exactly was you'd expect and well delivered.
4	I took my husband for his birthday this weekend, and I must say, we were very HAPPY with the accommodations. We stayed in the HRH Towers, and the bed was BANANAS! It is was soo plush and soft. It was really hard to get out of the bed to enjoy Vegas. We had dinner at the Pink Taco, and the food was great..a bit slow on service, but not a really big deal.I purchased a Cabana for a beach party on Saturday, and the hostess was great, I think her name is Tiffany. I booked it with Aliyah, and she was awesome as well. We ordered room service every morning, and the lady that answered the phone, Belinda was great. I am really happy with everything. I will certainly be back to the Hard Rock with my girlfriends to party!Thanks Hard Rock, we had a blast in more ways than one ;-)
2	Before all the renovations and stints on reality TV this place was the party hotel that wanted you to have a great time and did everything in their power to make your stay memorable. Now it's a hotel with very pretty rooms and a pretentious staff. Front desk sent us on a wild goose chase for our room. Vanity was a ghost town that reeked of fresh vomit. :/. Bartender said $24 for the 3 drinks, we paid on card vs.cash and price went up to $38? Pool is a fiasco for guests who visit you. They need to go through a separate line and pay $40. It's a good one night hotel, but there are so many better options in Vegas.
2	First vacation trip for me and my wife after having our baby. Thought we could do a 3 night Vegas trip since we both love to party, get dressed up and do it big! We looked at a lot of places, but at the last minute found a great deal online for an upgraded suite at the HRH towers and booked it. (Wish I could go back knowing what I know now). We paid extra to get a pool view and a larger King and upon arrival we were greeted by a very nice brunette girl who was very helpful.  As soon as we got into the room we were completly blown away! We thouhgt it was a great room, fully upgraded, white on grey and black funiture -very modern with two back-to-back tvs, ipod docking station, super comfortable-plush bed, huge bath with rain shower and 3 ft deep tub! At this point, you are probably wondering why the two stars (ill get to that). We noticed right off the bat that since we were on the fourth floor we didnt have much of a view, we got over that quick but come to find out later it would be worse than we initially thought (ill explain a lil later). First time out of our room we were still on our Vegas high.On the way out we noticed that there was an unusal amount of housekeeping activity going on our floor but thought it was normal being the weekend was starting and lots of people coming in. Nearly 8 carts and what appeared to be at least 10 maids.After a great dinner, music and checking out the new hotels we headed back early so we can get up in time to do breakfast and get to the pool early. Woke up, breakfast at Mr Luckys (pretty good actually) and hit the pool. Overpaid for drinks but enjoyed the pool where rehab takes place. We get back to our floor to find out there was still an unusual amount of housekeeping activity going on. Strange because we had been gone for at least 5 hours. We chilled for a couple hours, then showered, changed and left but made one crucial mistake...I left my wedding ring in my suitcase along with a dog tag chain. I hid it  since my finger swels sometimes when I drink. My wife had hung up her bikini up on the hook to dry. We left for the strip and made sure to put up the no maid service sign on our door. Ahh...mistake.Sure enough, roughly three hours later, we get back and of course, our room has been cleaned. Cleaned out was more like it! My ring was gone and so was my wifes bottoms to her bikini!! Seriously people? Ya! Really strange considering I hid my ring in my suitcase. Although I was pi**ed off at my ring being gone, I was more mad at myself for trusting the staff. The one thing that bothered us most, was the fact the bikini bottom was gone!! Like WTF??! Some perv came in here and took it? Luckly my ring although really nice wasnt super expensive but more sentimental, naturally.The next day we get back from exploring to find our door is open and the maid inside, who greeted us with a blank stare and guilty look on her face, so she says,  sorry - so sorry and ran out before we could even say hi to her- really strange!!! So I catch up to her and told her in Spanish, hey by any chance you see my wedding ring? Of course she says no. I asked her if she does find it to please put it on the nightstand. She says OK but quickly walks off.The Next day we get back from doing our thing, roughly three hours, only to find out that my wedding ring was sitting on top of my clothes inside my suitcase like it was there the whole time!! I had torn the room and my luggage apart when I noticed it was missing and all of a sudden its sitting right there as soon as I open it?!! NO F'n WAY!! Clearly, it was put back. Still no sign of the bottoms though. In conclussion, the room service was incredible, try the Seared Ahi Salad- Ah-may-zing!! We had a great time, but just really f***ing creepy that someone came in to our room to take my ring and the bottoms to a bikini?! It was an expensive bikini so I know if it was a girl, she knew what she was doing but what if it was some perv guy that works there? Creepy creepy creepy! I dont know bout you, but that s**t is scary. God only knows what else they did that went unnoticed. One thing I CAN tell you after doing research about this after, speaking to my brother in law whos best friend turns out is the resort manager at the COSMO- none of the older hotels do criminal or background checks on their staff!!! Do you believe that s***?! Its only the newer and more pricy hotels that make it mandatory. Needless to say, although there were some great things we enjoyed about it, the cons completly outweighed the stay. Cabs are 12-15 a pop to get to the strip everytime, small casino, the night club was awfull, and just didnt have that vibe we were looking for. IMO, its better to stay on the stip at a newer hotel but PLEASE lock up everything when you go!!! The only reason I got my ring back is because I confronted the maid who we caught in our room (luckily)- she knew I got a good look at her after it was gone.
5	Luvs!What started out as a simple luncheon with my friend turned us planning a vegas trip with in 24 hrs.  So sure enough i requested the next two days off and off to vegas we went at like 7pm.We arrived at Hard rock Hotel and had the HRH Suite booked for one night and a regular room the next day.  My friend was able to talk to the lovely employee and we got it for two nights for the same price. Yay!Walking in i was like wow.  We had an awesome view of the strip. The Suite was killer.  The bed was comfy and the tub was a good size.  Ive had bigger but hey it did the job.  The one thing that was like ugh was the room with the toilet.  You walk in and its dim as all hell.  Can't see anything.  Think i went pee pee on the floor a few times i dunno i wouldnt doubt it could not see the toilet..  Other then that had an awesome time at the HRH Suite and cant wait to be back.
4	As long as you have a car, it's a good place to stay since it's off the strip.  There are plenty of taxis waiting if you want to go that route too.  The room was updated, modern, had nice comfy beds.  The only complaint we had was that the safe malfunctioned.  My husband wasn't able to get it open.  Three different employees had to come open it.  It took them about 45 minutes.  They waived the ridiculous $20 resort fee after my husband complained.  The best thing is that you hear good music throughout the hotel and casino, not the regular stuff you hear in the other hotels.  If you like to workout, take advantage of the gym.  It is very well equipped and it's part of the resort fee anyway.
3	I didn't stay here, but my friends did.  Got to hang out with them during the day before going to my humble accomodations off the Strip.  The hotel and casino itself was generally small, compared to the other Las Vegas hotels along the strip.  The ambiance smelled of night club and casino. I guess that was pretty good.Had lunch at the Pink Taco. Had dinner at Nobu. Pretty upscale Japanese, if you asked me, but it was pretty nice. The HRH rooms were pretty damn luxurious. I'm more used to the Best Westerns and the Motel 6's for my travels, but wow. Damn.We hung out at the RX Pool for 3 hours, where it was pretty much Spring Break out there, with the loud music and teens all over the place.  I felt out of place, but I tried to be ok with it. The temps were in the musty 102 that day.
5	We stayed here for a week and loved it! This place is more for a party crowd and not an old fogey or family crowd. You will hear noise and in a way the music from the pool area became an informal alarm clock. Music usually starts around 10 and gets cranked up around 11. Our room has a view to the pool area where we can people watch from the 6th floor. We loved the room. It was stylish and the beds were comfy too. Staff was always cool to us and never had a problem. We enjoyed their slots too and I won bucks from the quarter slots. I prefer to play the cheap ones as I don't feel guilty losing money I can't afford to lose.Prices vary depending on day and time of year. We would have stayed longer but the EDC party jacked up the hotels all over Vegas and Henderson. Our room we paid 99-199 a night went to $499 Saturday night due to EDC. Nonetheless we would recommend this place to stay.A couple of pointers in this area... one is if you need home comforts, booze or otherwise, head over to the CVS which is practically across the street to sort that out for you. Do note that the booze doesn't go on sale there like other CVS locations yet is way cheaper than the hotel rate for booze.Lastly it's always good to sign up for their Rockstar (slot) card as they offer specials and discounts exclusive to members.
2	As a past guest over 3 years ago, I was attracted to the HRH's lower rates for this particular (Summer) weekend, and the convenient location for REHAB on Sunday, so I booked a 3-Night stay (Fri-Mon).  However, during our stay, my friend and I realized why the rates are so low compared to the other, newer hotels in Vegas.  First of all, I was surprised to see that the cleanliness and maitenance of the rooms have deteriorated since my prior visits, and nothing has been done to upgrade or match other nicer hotels.  The rooms and bathrooms are dirtier than I remember, and our particular room smelled like smoke.  Furthermore, none of our shampoo/conditioner/lotion convenience items were replaced at all on 2 of the 3 days during our stay.  I used to come here in the past to hang at the 'Circle Bar' located in the center of the casino area....and it used to be a great 'meet' spot for women, however, women are hanging out at other hotels (esp. Cosmopolitan and Encore) now, even when not going to clubs, etc.  HRH is a "sword-fight" now for simply hanging out.  REHAB is pretty much the same from what I remember, definitely NOT better or improved, and I've come to realize that the actual pool iteself sucks compared to the other newer hotels and their pool-party options now.  After spending time at the pool parties outside REHAB, you will get the same thing at the Palms, Wet Republic, Encore, Cosmopolitan's Marquis, etc., with a contemporary and hip scene, as well as state-of-the-art stereo and almost concert-like experiences.  REHAB used to be THE place, but is mediocre at best now.  If you've been in the past, try another spot from what I hear, you're better off.  We only went to REHAB because we thought as a guest we would possibly receive preferential treatment compared to Non-Guests. NOT!!!  I realize being a guy I would have to wait in line, but girls staying at the hotel also had to wait in line and pay $75 cover just to use the pool on Sunday.  It's $60 before noon I think.  There is NO benefit to you at all as a guest at HRH in getting into REHAB.  No special line or rates, etc.  Finally, during our automated ('Quick') checkout via the room tv, we discovered there was a $20/day "Resort Fee" added to our weekend hotel bill.  Upon calling the front desk, it was explained to me that this is a MANDATORY extra charge given to every room for WiFi/Internet access, etc., even if you don't use it, or didn't bring a laptop in the first place!!!    Staff on phone stated that this was explained to me in detail upon check-in, and since I was the one checking us in that weekend (sober I might add), I assure you that it was NOT explained at all.  These are the little EXTRA 'bend over' charges that were hidden upon booking room at HRH, and I will NOT be staying here in the future.  There are better options in Vegas now elsewhere, you will see if you don't already know...
2	I just got back from a two day stay.   I won't be back to the hotel but  I won't tell you that you shouldn't or discourage you from going.Aesthetically, there is a very nice feel throughout the entire property, and the rooms were top notch for the price.  I felt comfortable and the bed was among the most comfortable I've slept in.  Granted, sleeping is about the only thing that I did within the walls of the resort.The things that make me hesitant to stay again are that... while I don't mind paying a resort fee for things that I use, I don't like paying a resort fee for things that I don't or get denied use. I'll elaborate.1)  We paid the $17.00 fee for valet, shuttle and fitness center, but were denied use of the valet service because they were "too backed up".. twice.2) We didn't need the shuttle due to driving our own car.3) We didn't use the fitness center because.... we just didn't.Aside from that.. the only other tidbit of annoyance stemmed from being interrupted by the IT service man because there is a router in every three rooms, and mine happened to be the one in which the router was malfunctioning. Take from this what you will.   The service was good.  The attitude was professional and courteous and it is it's own bubbled paradise. Infamous one sentence review of Hard Rock Hotel: "It may be the most rad place that you'll stay in Vegas, but it just wasn't for me"
2	I stayed here in their HRH Suites on August 15, 2011. I rented two suites, both of which were dirty!!  The front desk staff was very incompetent. Other guests were pretty irate and yelling! One angry man demanded a manager and the front desk girl in a very childish voice calls the manager on the phone Stating "I need you" What in the world? I was angry but I chose not to yell even though they didn't have their stuff together at all.  We had to wait until late evening until we were even able to get into our 2nd room!!! They "compensated" us with a late checkout. This wasn't enough based on all the crap we had to deal with. When we finally got our dirty second room, (which we supposedly had to wait for so they could clean it HA!!!) the key didn't even work!! I had to make about 5 trips down to the front desk trying to get everything taken care of. HORRIBLE!!! I stayed in the suites with the 2 queen beds. The sitting area, though separate from the bedroom, was pretty cramped. It was basically a normal sized bedroom with doors and a wall put up. The sound system wasn't very loud. The sound comes through the TV, or a little bedside radio. It did give you a variety of different stations and songs that you could play. You could also play your iPhone through it, so that I liked.     They had 2 of the 42" flat screen TVS. One was in the "living room" and the other in the bedroom, but only one remote??! "Hey honey can you run on in here and change the channel for me! Thanks!!!" The bathtubs looked nice but after seeing how housekeeping cleaned the rest of the suite I opted to not take a soak.The beds were big fluffy and comfy. However in the 2nd Suite we could only sleep on one of the beds because the other had hairs on it! Guess that's why we had to wait till evening, so they could sprinkle dirt and crumbs on the couches and leave a helping of hairs on the beds. Oh they also thought it best not to wipe the brown stuff off of the walls in the toilet area. That was a lovely touch!! Couple that with the clumps of hair and dirt on the carpets and you have an award winning stay!!!In the morning we ordered room service. There were 6 of us and our bill came to about $164.00. We paid for stale pastries and croissants, watery orange juice, cold bacon, cold pancakes, salt with a little bit of hash browns, sunny side up eggs instead of the scrambled eggs we asked for, sausage that looked like it was barely cooked, yogurt parfait, and chicken fried steak. They forgot our order of tea and the extra side of scrambled eggs we asked for. The coffee was however hot so yay for getting that one right!! The best part of it all is that we had to wait about an hour and half for our cold and disgusting breakfast!!!They do have a great pool area though!I would never want to stay there again. Resort Fee was about $20.00 and included wi-fi
2	Seems to be losing it's luster and cool factor.  Now it's just a dark, dreary looking casino with only a few odd shops sprinkled inside.  Don't think I'd stay here as it seems overrun with aging douchebags and their golden-pussy girlfriends.
1	I left my cell phone charging in the room, went to the pool, came back, phone was gone, beds were made. When I reported it, management showed no sympathy whatsoever. I was told to call Risk Management, who did not return my calls. Finally after a half dozen calls, I was offered no apology or credit despite the fact our group spent almost $5k at the Hard Rock for the weekend. DO NOT STAY HERE. With that said, this is probably the dumpiest casino near the strip. Spend the money and stay somewhere else.
5	OMG. These beds were so comfy! I loved the decorating in the rooms, it was simple but still sleek. However, I kind of noticed little things in the bathroom... like the hole around my shower head, the crack in the tub and the feel of the towels. A little rough there! Lol I liked that the infamous Rehab pool was there and that it wrapped around the bar, a back stroke all the way around  was fun 8) But as a DJ, I must give my two cents... The booth was waaaay to high for us to see who was mixing! I bet if it were lowered there would be better crowd interaction. Just saying.
5	I'll reiterate--this is where one goes to feel like a rock star. The rooms are awesome, the decor and memorabilia off the hook and the music always good!
3	Let's get the negatives out of the way first:1.  The pool.  By the end of the day, it is DISGUSTING.  Our room overlooked it and when we came stumbling in during the AM hours, we got to see the difference between how it looks pre-cleaning and how it looks post-cleaning.  Cloudy, green and with an oily film on top, it is just unacceptable.  The worst part is, I don't see how it can be avoided considering how many people the pool hosts everyday.. C'est la vie.2.  The casino area pales in comparison to other hotels.  It's just not very big.3.  Rooms overlooking the pool.  GREAT view, especially for the gentlemen, but that fucking club music starts WAY too early and vibrates the walls and floors.  I swear to God I must've gained 5lbs of muscle in my arms just from fist-pumping in my sleep.OK, fuck that negative nonsense, on to the positives:1.  The rooms.  Spacious, clean, well laid out.2.  The WOMEN.  Holy balls, spectacular.  3.  Mr. Luckies 24/7 Restaraunt.  Good, cheap food.  Ask for the 777 deal which is not on the menu,  Decent sized steak, grilled shrimp, potatos, and a salad for $7.77.  4. Pole dancers from 8PM-2AM in the casino.  Hot chicks wearing barely nothing, dancing on a pole.  A win in any mans book.5.  Employees.  Very friendly and helpful.  Kelsey, one of the managers, and Amanda, one of the girls behind the desk, specifically.  Great job, ladies.  Oh and, Amanda? GORGEOUS. 6.  Location. Easy enough to get anywhere you need to go.Overall, go check it out, you won't be disappointed.
2	I have stayed here twice in as many years around an event my company puts on, and this review will be an amalgam of both experiences.What sticks out in my mind about my first visit was the check-in.  I pulled up front, and followed the signs to self-parking (I refuse to valet, it's just ludicrous).  It was quite a trek from the parking to the front desk, and after 3 1/2 hours of driving and having been up for 28 hours at this point, I was not feeling that.  So, we checked in and were told we were in the Paradise tower - though the other half of our team was in the HRH tower.  We had a bellhop come and help us with our considerable luggage and set off on the 9-mile hike from the front desk to our room in the Paradise tower.  Of course, it was the very last room on the floor, and since the self parking I was directed to was adjacent to the HRH tower, I was as far as humanly possible from my car while still being on the same property.  At the room at last, we go in and are greeted by an oppressive heat, and a single King sized bed.  Being on a business trip with a fellow heterosexual male, this was simply not going to work.  We called down to the front desk to get it all sorted.  We asked at that time, since we were going to have to switch rooms anyway, could we relocate to the HRH tower to be nearer to our coworkers and were told there was nothing available in that tower, but we would get another room in this same tower, and they would send the bellhop with the keys and luggage cart.30 minutes later (a wait yes, but remember the distance from the front desk is ridiculous), we were on our way to our new room.  When we arrived I noticed an 'All tied up' sign on the door (I later learned this is their DND sign), still we opened the door only to discover a young couple mid-coitus.  Yes, they had assigned us to an occupied room.  By this time we were extremely frustrated and exhausted.  We went all the way BACK to the front desk, raised a little hell, and eventually got a room in the HRH tower (yes the one with no availability) right across the hall from our co-workers.  Ok cool, though why we were lied to earlier, I still don't know.The room itself had a cool aesthetic, but it was all just a veneer.  The appointments were cheap and kind of tacky, and you could see some things were already falling apart.  That brings us to the second trip.  This time around, the check-in was much smoother, and we got the right room on the first try, again in the Paradise tower.  A fairly average room, our one big complaint was that the beds are just waaaaaaaaaaaaaayyy too soft.  I know there are some people who like that, but I really think they should cater to the middle.  Also, the closet in which they place the toilet and shower is joke.  Additionally, on the first night, I was so dehydrated that I splunked down for a $7.50 1L bottle of Smart Water.  I still had a bout a third of it left sitting on the nightstand the next morning.  When we came back to the room, the maid had removed it!  WTF?!?!  There was still like $3 worth of water in there.  Bad form, very very bad form. The rating overall reflects my frustration with the service on our first stay, the overall lack of attention to detail, the inconvenient location with respect to the strip, and the 'we are trying too hard to be cool' vibe that permeates the place.I think you can do better.
3	I guess I could offer another star for our comped room and food.. but I really don't think I can.We stayed in a new tower - Paradise Tower. Which, let me warn you, is about a mile long hike to get to. You go from the front desk, back towards the elevators, but go alllllll the way down the hall, past Pink Taco, around the hall, down the ramp, past the (not so) ironic Affliction store, past the steroid meat market (gym), past the Starbucks that is always ass packed... Continue walking past the doors to the pools, which includes REHAB - a huge pool party for those of you living under a rock. Mind you, there are about 12-18 doors for the damn pools, and most of them you cant use to get into the pools anyway. Useless much? And on the days that Rehab cracks, the halls are wall to wall with people trying to get in. Anyway, keep walking... walking... Walk past the deli on your right that seems to be good for sammiches, drinks, and small breakfast things. Walk around another corner and you're FINALLY there. As much as I like this place, as a casino and for Rehab, the rooms are smallllllllllll and DARK! The bathroom is honestly ridiculous. There is no room to stand in the separated toilet and shower area with the door open. Its almost impossible to CLOSE the door to that area when you're inside of it.The rooms are darker (in this tower) than any hotel I've ever been in. Dark wallpaper and carpet calls for better lighting. Even with the drapes open there wasn't sufficient lighting. Maybe that was because it was gloomy out? But I really don't think so.The only mirror you could actually SEE yourself in, was in the bathroom. The other two mirrored doors were covered in a "smoke effect". Weird..Sure, the beds were hella comfy, the room service was prompt and polite, and the housekeepers didnt come knocking at 9am. But the room itself sucked. I may go back, sure if its comped again. But Id rather pay for Venetian, Caesars, or something ON the strip for a little moreIf I wasnt comped, I'd be pissed.
4	Best place for rolling dice or playing blackjack.  Reason - GREAT music played in the Casino.  If you are legitimately into music, you will like staying here.  Fantastic stay with newly renovated rooms.  Off the strip, but you won't be sorry.  One of my favorite places on earth.
2	After convincing my friends to reserve at HRH vs. Cosmopolitan, had a lackluster experience at HRH.  Pushed my friends hard to stay here as it was a smaller and easier to navigate hotel - NOBU is fantastic.  Unfortunately, that was it.  Due to HRH assigning my room to someone else, we weren't able to check in for multiple hours, forcing us to re-arrange as well as miss some parts of our plans.  After multiple fiascos with re-keying the wrong room, giving our room to another group NOT in our party, and locking us out of room where we were already checked-in, the final straw came when manager came to fix issue, offered a $50 credit WHICH WAS LEFT OFF WHEN I CHECKED OUT - I had to call back and remind the manager of the situation - she promptly credited me the amount. Prior to her entrance into the process, had a hostile check-in agent (verifiable by 2 others in my party) who wouldn't help us and arguably told us that there was nothing we could do to get into OUR room, even tho it was their hotel check-in system that was preventing this.  As for the room, wiring was confusing - in order to keep bathroom light on, needed to turn on a switch in the bedroom.  BEWARE, one of our party had a "room check" where hotel staff came into the room UNANNOUNCED. As we were in the room, we asked what this was - they said it was standard policy.  We're a group of 40 yr old dads in corporate management - why check our rooms without permission?  completely unacceptable and shady.  Whole experience made me look bad as I had pushed for this - multiple comments from my party.  I had let the hotel know about my experience and was informed 3 TIMES that a manager would contact me - still no response, so posted my review.
3	I've been to this casino a few times for shows at the Joint--both the old and new versions of the Joint.This is not my go to place.  I don't fit their demographic at all.  However, it is nice to stop by here every now and then and watch the beautiful ladies as they head hither and yon.  There are some fine looking women.I stopped at the Hard Rock today to have breakfast at the Pink Taco.  I parked in the new garage and I saw how the casino was expanded when the new tower and garage were added.  It's not the small, circular casino it once was.I did take a few minutes to look at some of the rock memorabilia especially the Jimi Hendrix things near the doors to the garage.  It's an OK place but it's not for me.
4	Love the rooms and the casinoThe pool area is awesome!!!  I've stayed there every year for the past 16 years.  IMO you can't beat the Hard Rock beds.
3	Nice rooms, cocktail waitress in the casino are way too slow, decent for off the strip.
2	The hard rock hotel use to be the one and only hotel where I stayed at in Las Vegas.  I would stay at the resort without leaving to any other place.  I partied at the pool parties and nightclubs, ate at Mr. Lucky's, Nabu, or pink tacos, and gambled at the establishment.Recently, I went and I forgot to bring my promo code, well I got treated like a cheap skate... I told the gentleman at the counter  if he would still honor the promo since I left it at home and he said... NOPE, that I would need to call some casino number.  So he gave me the number and I spoke to this woman which she basically said .."you no bring, you pay full price" I think I deserve better from all the money I have thrown their way over the years. Oh well, recently I booked a room at Paris hotel and it was awesome.  Now, I'm exploring new places because I left my promo code at home.  Thanks HRH!
1	This hotel is run by security guards instead of hospitality managers.A disgrace!The rooms are dusty and dirty.  The housekeepers left the same dirty tissues on the floor each day.I was here for my daughter's birthday with our whole family, and they wouldn't let me bring my camera to the pool because it looked too "professional", (yet you could bring pocket cameras in) so I couldn't get any photos of my family at the pool for 3 days.  I spoke to the manager about it and she said there was nothing she could do about it...it is clearly something they should tell you when you book your reservation. They asked in we wanted a pool view or "no view", so we picked the pool view.  They failed to tell us we would hear blasting music from 9am through the wee hours of the night from the pool.The sign when you enter the pool area lets you know immediately the kind of guests the hotel attracts! It says:No weaponsNo pills of any kindNo professional cameras or videos.The clientele is always in a drunken stuper and get very rowdy and rude.I would NOT recommend this hotel to any one of any age.There is no service what so ever....hospitality is not in their vocabulary.  It is a disgrace to the hospitality industry.
3	The hotel is great.  Food selection is great.  9 am the music starts blaring by the pool..no bueno when you roll in at 5 am.and no late check out on sundays at all. Housekeeping knocked on our door at 1030 to make sure we were getting out of the room. Not good at all
4	Just got back from a 5 day trip, never really left the HR the entire time. Good:- Food (Mr Lucky's) - Pool We enjoyed the pool more than the Mirage's. The music is loud in spots. The sand and the shade are nice. -Room was clean, lots of space.Bad - Drinks are slow to the table games. Much better luck playing video poker at a bar. - Other minor stuff like taking forever to check in, keys stopped working at one point, entire sections of the pool being closed at weird times for special events. Oh, and the resort fee blows, of course.
5	Just having spent my first weekend in Vegas I was so happy that we were able to be at the is awesome hotel. Far and away the best part of this hotel it the pool!! With tons of different pools connected, cabanas that are private and semiprivate, and swim up bars and poker tables....it's pretty much a party goers heaven. Drinks are pretty expensive, but you get your money's worth with the $29 mixed drinks served in a super sized plastic cup. We didn't get a chance to visit the Rehab pool since we left really early on Sunday, but it sounded like a blast!! The hotel is a bit off the strip, but only about a $10 cab ride away and if you were not wearing heals it would be easy to walk it. The rooms were really nice and spacious. The only downside was with the staff and we didn't care much about it since we were all there to just have a good time. They were very short and stern with there answers to our questions and didn't seem to care much that we spent money to come and stay....we were just another room to them.Really neat decorations that made me feel like I wanted to Rock out! Thanks for hosting Ellis Mania because it was overall a great success!!I'm sure if I get to make it back to Vegas, the HR will be one of our first choice to stay.
4	Overall:  8.5 out of 10Summary:  Stayed 4 nights in casino tower (thus - sun) in SEPT of 2011.  I am glad we tried it, but I don't see myself going back mostly because of the cost, and it is off thestrip.  (+)1.  Room was great.  Clean and nice, very comfortable bed and great bathroom.  2.  Pool was unbelievably awesome.  Fun, all adults only.3.  Quality hotel in general.  4.  House keeping was on top of cleaning and was convenient.5.  good restaurants.(-)1.  experienced multiple times of bad drink service while gambling.  Two different days at different table games, waitresses took over 30 minutes just to come to take orders (HORRIBLE).  Even when I did see them on a 'regular' basis, they are slower when compared to the many other places I have been to (caesars, flamingo, etc).2.  Sunday REHAB pool.  The pool was just as fun on friday and saturday.  On sunday, it is like airport security where you are padded down and everything searched, and lots of lines, and just a turn off in my opinion.  The wrong GHETTO crowd was attracted as well = horrible.3.  They are on their own rewards program, so I couldn't use points towards the stay.  And their table games didn't seem to be as good at earning points.Overall, I would rather stay at a place on the strip where I can use HARRAHS points and have more options of places to walk to.
4	Even with the occasional hiccups, I still love the Hard Rock. The original rooms are fun. The new rooms in the HRH tower are quite fab and modern. And I just love how everything has a rock 'n' roll element to it - which as a big music fan, I truly appreciate. The rates are never too bad or pricey. The spa is good. The pool is awesome. The restaurant selection is decent. And the place is always hoppin' with lots of folks finding their inner rockstar. Even if you aren't staying here, this is a great place for grabbing a drink at the center bar, playing some table games, checking out a show, and/or walking around and seeing all the memorabilia.
2	I stayed here this weekend and am so not the demographic that this hotel is geared for ( 38 yrs old) but it had the best price so we booked it. Good: Multiple overpriced stores where you could get snacks and beveragesVery soft and nice beds and pillowsConcert venue very nice (got free Don Henley tics)Was able to get an early check inBad: Dark rooms- screwy lightsShower fixture fell off in my handCheap with towels- had to ask to get more as they only left 2 big ones and some pathetic small ones, LOUDParadise tower may have well been in eqyptIf I was going to a concert here again I'd stay but if not THE HOTEL at Mandalay is my hotel of choice.
1	WHY CAN THERE NOT BE A ZERO BUTTON.  this place was so bad.  I stayed for one night. the people at the front desk are not nice.  They do NOT take cash and would not help us check in.  we had to  have a credit card and no matter what they don't take cash so this was our problem.  then we asked to see a manager the girl at the desk walked away and about a minute later came back and said that she would be right out.  Ten  minutes later no manager. no help.     I left a bag on the front desk and I called down to see if they had it and they said no to talk to lost and found and then theytold me nope...nothing here, then hung up the phone.  No one had any idea what customer service is and no one cared.  I will not be going back ever.
3	Lots of great music memorabilia around the casino much like their cafes all around the world. But on to the celebrity suite. It was pretty cool!  1300 sq ft., super soft bed, ask for a pool table if you want instead of a business table, 3 tvs, good jacuzzi in room, and views if you're facing the pools. I like how the casino is small and everything is in short walking distance. Keep in mind, the bigger the casino, the longer the walk. Now for the cons.Room service was friendly but slowwww. Pool.. it's salt water. It can be pretty cold and sandy and if it's a Sunday during summer, you're looking at about $75 for guys $25 for girls to get in JUST to use their main pool. Whatever, we went to the side one which was ok. No swim up bar or gaming but it was OK. Thus, they get an A-OK. I prob won't stay here again.
4	Went here for a bachelorette party and got hooked up with a massive suite (see pictures I posted). They totally fucked up our reservation but they made it up by placing us in a massive suite. It had a bar, 1 bathroom plus a massive master bathroom, large bedroom, large living room and dining area. The service was not that great but the room upgrade really made up for it.
3	Stayed here last night & have positive & negative feedback! Positive: The price of the room was good. The room was very clean & nice. Valet parking attendants were prompt & friendly. Most of the front desk staff was pleasant. Beautiful pool area. Negative: Booked a room with a king bed, but upon check in, was told there were none available. I asked how none could be available when that's what I booked & was told having a king bed was a preference, and could not be guaranteed. Paid a $20 resort fee for free wifi, and gym access, but when we tried to use the wifi, it prompted us to pay $14.00. After paying for taxis & resort fee, it would've probably been worth it to stay somewhere like Aria, on the strip.
4	THIS IS AN UPDATED REVIEWI wrote a pretty nasty review of the HR back in April. Having been a loyal customer for over 12 years I had seen the place change over the years for the better and then for the worse and now I can once again say I have seen a change for the better.Back in April I vowed to never stay at or visit HR again after the way I was treated, I travel to Vegas 6-10 times a year and I know what else is out there. Well I decided to give HR one more shot this past weekend, I was given a complimentary suite in the new HRH tower as well as some comped meals. As always the rooms were very clean, great houskeeping and great overall hotel staff. Some of my gripes in the past included poor comping and last minute room changes from HRH tower to old tower.My NEW casino host (and all my friends I was with's host) really went out of his way to take care of us this time after we were vocal about our past experiences. I will definetly be returning to HR for future vists.
3	To save a little bit of dough, my lady friends and I decided to camp out at the HRH (as it likes to be known). Of course, we didn't realize an inch on the map means a mile in heels to the main strip. Can you say ouch?With distance aside, it was like staying at a rock n' roll memorabilia museum slash night club extravaganza. YAY:- Plenty of restaurants but mostly on the "meh" side- Great displays of costumes, instruments and pictures of Johnny Cash, Santana, Britney Spears, Michael Jackson etc. Btw, X-Tina was a tiny thing judging from her "Dirty" video costume - Fluffy fluffy fluffy pillows. No really, FLUFFY PILLOWY HEAVENNAY:  - Our rooms had dirty glasses and a full waste bin when we strolled in. Tsk tsk housekeeping- They tacked on an extra $20 a day "resort" fee that included "free" wi-fi, access to the pool and I swear they said ice. Seriously? That's sneaky business not to include this in the room fee and they should have made it clear when the reservation was first made with a travel agent- Constant party-rocking in the pool area. It was utter madness. It felt like MTV Beach Party/Spring Break/Girls Gone Wild Parts I-X. It also felt like a pool side audition of Jersey Shore. We escaped to the other pool where people were a little more sane but you could still hear the pounding music and drunken roars. Also negative? They kicked us out at 5 pm when there was obviously still daylight. Ex-nay!
4	After a few years and Many trips to VIVA staying at many places on the strip , staying at the Hard Rock, is like going back Home . small , easy to get to rooms , nice comfy beds , great sound system in the Room , open the french doors and got a nice fall breeze in the room , or open the doors and  watch the Craziness of rehab at The Pool. After many years away , I'm glad I stayed Here again.
4	If you're in the mood to party, this is the the casino to stay at.I LOVE gambling and am a married woman...so this hotel is not exactly catered to someone like me, but my friend is single and talked us into staying here for a recent trip with all of our friends.  The room is comfortable and nice and the pool view is amazing.  I love the music they play in the casino and bar area, and actually, although it's small, I did very well in the casino.  I won a decent amount and played all weekend.  The verdict is still out on how well they comp you for playing...all I know is I better get a free suite the next time I come!  Back to my review.  The room is very nice and, as I said, the pool view is amazing, BUT the music starts seriously bumping around 9:00 a.m., and considering we were on the 3rd floor with a pool view room, we were NOT going to get to sleep in or take a nap, which is no bueno when we roll in at 6:00 a.m.!  My friend was upgraded to a suite in the casino tower and the view of the strip was absolutely amazing!  The room was nice and the room service was pretty good (we ordered breakfast).They also have a decent selection of food/restaurants here...Pink Taco and Johnny Smalls are my fave!I am somewhat partial to the MGM casinos because I love my rest and love to be on the strip, but if you're in the mood to party there is no doubt that this is the place to be!
4	We stayed at the HRH Paradise Tower Sunday and Monday nights and liked it a lot.  We did wander off to other more extravagant hotels to play but felt most at home at the HRH and the machines paid better. I had a great time entering a Texas Holdem Tournament which lasted a long time for just a $60 buy-in.  Good food and service at the Pink Taco and the hotel staff were all very friendly.
3	We stayed in the Paradise Tower and the room was nice, beds are comfy and decor is cool....the Hard Rock is an older hotel so it is more run down but the Paradise Tower rooms were not bad..the Shuttle that goes to the Forum shops only fits 8 people so I guess you have to get there early and tell the guy that you are there for the shuttle so we had to take a taxi...The pool is def not heated so in Oct it was like ice!!!I am sure its fine in the summer when its really hot out, actually the pool is pretty nice and the water slide looked pretty fun but it was way to cold to jump in there in Oct!
3	The hotel is on a side street off of the strip. Self parking was easy! It wasn't great and wasn't bad either. The funny thing is went to alot of casinos in Vegas and we didnt go to the casino in our own hotel...wierd...next time I'm in town I will definitely check out the casino... The reason this is only getting three stars is that compared to the other options in Vegas this was only worth two stars but Im giving it three because we got the room for hella cheap being that it was halloween weekend and we booked the room last minute... One thing that really was a bummer was there was no coffee machine in the room, so when we woke up with our hangovers we couldnt cure it right away...
4	I use to come to this casino and wished it was bigger. I read some news a while ago that Hard Rock had a new President and was going to change things around at the Vegas location. So I decided to drop by and check them out. The decor is bright and welcoming. And the atmosphere is much nicer than before. When I first visited this casino, (a few years back) it was small. Like you could walk around the whole place in about 10 minutes.  Now, they've expanded to where the casino has another room which includes tons of slot machines, more tables, and a baccarat salon. :) Their sportsbook is pretty awesome as well. (see my review on Hard Rock Hotel Sportsbook)Gambling is fun there as well. The casino dealers and pit bosses are nice as well. If you can, check out the Artist Hall. It's pretty cool too. They have tons of pics of many famous artists. And some pretty cool guitars too. At night, this place becomes one big social scene. Some say it's where all the cool kids hang out.. But everyone should come at least once for the experience. Maybe sometime I'll actually stay here. I've heard good things.A good place.. I'll definitely be back!
2	Hard rock is an okay place, if you plan on staying in the hotel for your whole entire trip. There's $18 resort fee per day and they also put $50 on hold per day on your card.We spent $65 per day on cabs, going back and forth to the strip and to the hotel. We were on a budget, but ended up spending more money at the end of our trip. Also if you think about walking it to the strip, good luck to you. You'll have to walk by a busy high way street with bums hanging out on the side street.  It was just really hard to get around and have fun because everything was too far.My advice is to spent that extra $50 and stay in the middle of the strip. You will thank me later.
3	I'm 34. That said, if you are 22, by all means this is the place for you. Lots of eye candy, trendy, and fun. If you are 32, you can do better. The rooms (in the casino tower) themselves are 2-3 stars. They tried to clean the carpet, but there were lots of stains, the faucets were so old that the finish was worn off, and furniture/fixtures were cheap. Like the cougars downstairs, this hotel has been ridden hard and left out wet. It needs to be remodeled. The staff is generally aloof, prefering to be cool rather than hospitable. I realized I was beyond this, when the room next to me blared their stereo until 4am and the noise from outside penetrated the windows easily. Reasonable quiet in your room may not be possible here. This could happen in any hotel, but is more likely at the hard rock. sooooo.....if you are don't care about the above notions, stay, it's a great scene downstairs. If you do, do yourself a favor, just visit the hard rock and stay some place nicer for the extra dough.
4	The Hard Rock Is one of the hippest hotels In Las Vegas even despite it's age. The HR is what I like to call the All-In-One type hotel, with 2 night clubs, a day club, over 7 restaurants, a concert venue, a Lingerie shop, and a Tattoo Palor the Hard Rock truly roks! They also have a bar In the center of the casino which Is good for groups and good times with pals.Pink Taco, Hard Rocks cooky Mexican restaurant has a Happy Hour on Mondays thru Friday from 4pm-7pm.
3	Went to party at Vanity with some friends through some special group thing. Had a great time, the place can be a maze at first but pretty ok. Not sure I would stay here but to party it up at Vanity yes! :)
1	Most unfriendly doormen ever! They intentionally make the cab lines go slow so they can sell more limo service. The door guys make a commission for every limo they sell and that commission goes way up if the destination is to a strip club. The longer the lines are the better it is for them. It provides them with a captive audience who is growing more impatient by the minute, more conducive to sell limos. This also provides them more time to screen the crowd for people headed to strip clubs. I felt sorry for the group in front me who was running late for their flight because they had been waiting forty minutes and still had twenty people in front of them. We ended up just walking across the street to Rumor and their doorman flagged us down a cab real quick. I can't believe that the management would allow this to go on at the cost of thousands of customers standing outside in long lines in the Las Vegas heat. I will never stay here again! What a joke!
4	I have stayed here twice in my life time and I enjoy it every time. Once in the casino tower and once in the paradise tower.  One of the major reason why I enjoy it is because everything you need in Vegas is right in the hotel. You would never need to leave. No it is not on the strip but walking the strip can be overrated. When I stay here the club is awesome, the restaurants, mostly pink taco is awesome, the gambling is awesome, the hotel itself is awesome, the employees are nice and the pools are awesome. Only issues I have ever had is room service getting out meal completely messed up, which they comped us for, and sometime you can hear to music from the pool area at 09:00 am. When I want to sleep in the last thing I want to hear is Snoop Dog. The rooms are clean. It doesn't smell like smoke like some of the other hotels do.  They have a Starbucks which is real nice. And they have an awesome players club where you can win prizes. I am only about $600.00 away of game play time until I earn that Hard Rock Hotel min backpack. HA HA. Whatever you do Whatever though do not touch the mini fridge. It is on a weight system and if you even touch it then they charge you a gross amount of money which is ridiculous. That is my only grip so I don't touch it not even when I am drunk and I really want to. So I like the Hard Rock and have turned many of my friends onto the hard rock. If you like Vegas but are getting tired of the strip defiantly give this place a go.
3	Its what you would expect the Hard Rock to be.In fact it's pretty funny just seeing the types of people it attracts. The rooms were well done, and the bed was comfy.
4	Visited here just one night just with $50(+$20 resort fee, which includes valet parking, wifi, etc...) and it's nice. I dont know its normal fee but was just 50 during Thanksgiving.
5	Stayed here for the first time, as we wanted to stay at a hotel which we had never been too before (I most often stay at the MGM). Also, I didn't read any other reviews, as I just want to write my own and not be persuaded one way or the other. All I ever heard in the past about the "Hard Rock" was it was mainly for a younger crowd, not that I am old, but I am not in my 20's, honestly that's what I was accepting to see throughout the casino and hotel: some groups of college guys, walking slightly tilted to one side with a beer in their hand, hoping to make it to their room. The parking attendances were all so very friendly, and accommodating! We walked in and the first thing I noticed was how clean the place was. Spotless and it smells clean as well, not some oversized smoked out dingy and out dated casino that you immediately wanted to take a can of Lysol to. Checking in, the front desk gal was also equality as friendly and helpful! And off we went to our rooms. Now, this was the "test" for me...... opening the door to our room, the first thing that popped into my head, was how fresh the room smelled, I couldn't detect smoke at all,  I am not even sure if this was a smoking room or non-smoking room, do they even have non-smoking rooms in LV? In addiction, the halls on getting to our room didn't smell as well (side note) love the decor of the hall ways! That was a plus in my book! The room it's self was....1.    Decorated so hip, in patterns of black and gray, which I loved!2.    The king size bed, was done in white, with crisp sheets, the thread count must have been up there, as it felt like sleeping in butter!3.    The pillows were perfect!4.    The shower pressure was great, no complaints!5.    Room service was on time, and friendly!6.    The rate is fair, and not overly priced.....7.    The room all in all, (1 to 10) I would give it a fat '8' and a halfThe casino I found to be very intimate! Not overly crowded. Which I loved! I am now a fan of the Hard Rock! I will be returning,  I also highly recommend the place! It was just cool, and comfortable!
4	Best beds ever... the room may have been a little small for my liking, but I could curl up and die with one of the pillows or blankets. Bartenders know what they're doing, but seem a little rushed some of the time, and some of the prices are a wee bit steep.Always can find a good time somewhere in HRH..
5	I love this hotel! The room was about 720 sq feet (size of a small apartment). We stayed in the new HRH ALL TOWER SUITE. Very contemporary and new. FYI, don't expect a great city view. I loved the interior. This hotel is off the strip, BUT I prefer it over all the other hotels... Less smokey. Less crowded so more spots for blackjack! LOL  And you can hear the music... Other hotels off the strip... We spent most of the time looking for a table and I hate smokers. The hotel has a VERY nice club, good music and you can actually walk around. It was free to get in as well. It doesn't matter where you go, but if you rather wait in line and pay alot of money then go somewhere else, but HRH is where I rather stay at. It will be the hotel I'm returning to for my next stay!
2	I recently stayed at the Hardrock Hotel & Casino in Vegas.  My wife and I don't get a lot of opportunity to vacation.  So we decided to make it a bit more special by upgrading to a jr suite.  I booked and paid for the room in advance.  When we showed up to check in there was an added $20 a day hidden resort fee.  I wasn't too thrilled about paying it but I was tired and just wanted to head up to our room.  After getting to our room I wasn't really impressed.  The lights in the room are overly complicated to use.  Very poor design in my oppinion.  After figuring out how to shut down all of the lights I realized I couldn't shut off the light directly over my bed.  So I called the front desk and they sent a person up to repair the light.  Then I woke up early in the morning and realized the toilet doesn't flush.  So I called the front desk again.  They said an engineer would be up to fix it soon.  I left to go check out the strip and returned several hours later to find the toilet still did not work.  So I called the front desk again.  They sent somone up to bring us a key for another room.  After my 2 night stay at the Hardrock I was now ready to check out.  The front desk asked me how my stay was?  I told them it wasn't that great and explained my frustrations.  He apalogized and waived one night of the hidden $20 added resort charges.  I can understand rooms are not always perfect but they really didn't live up to my expectations.  The biggest bummer is seeing how little they care when there is a problem.  Hardrock will not have another opportunity for my business.
4	A nice, big hotel and casino in Vegas.  Shame it's not on the strip, but it kind of creates its own little world anyways, so it doesn't totally end up mattering.  The club inside is cool, especially when you get in free like we did.  The pool areas are nice, but nothing special.  The staff in the casino is reasonably nice, but some of the wait staff on the casino floor could be a little better.  The check in staff, etc is great.  We booked last minute via Hotel Tonight and got a great rate, plus an upgrade upon arrival.  The room was super nice and very large.  My only complaints are that our balcony door didn't properly lock and that the pool music was on from like 8am to 1am, which meant early wake ups since our window was right next to the speaker.They have a shuttle to and from the strip in theory, but only 10am - 5pm.  We didn't end up using it.  We just walked.  It's only like 4 blocks.All in all, a pleasant experience at the Hard Rock.  After visiting some of the other hotels and casinos while there, I was very happy with our choice (and rate).
4	This is by far my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  I'm feeling list-y, so here's why:1) It's upbeat.  So many hotels in Las Vegas are starting to feel like museums and/or Westfield shopping centers.  When I walk into the Hard Rock, I'm immediately ready to have fun.  2) It's unpretentious, but still clean and not-sketchy.  While I'm sure they do in their own way, this doesn't seem like the kind of place that's shamelessly catering to "high rollers" and mega-gamblers.  Most of the clientele seems to be in Vegas just to have a good time, whether that's at a show, on the strip, or at the bar (see point #1).3) Great rooms.  Both times I've visited I've lucked out with huge corner rooms (without upgrading) and the decor is fun and different.  Beds are AMAZING too.4) It's convenient. Yes, it's off the strip.  What you lose in strip-proximity, you gain in other amenities.  There's a CVS right across the street for stocking up with supplies (drinks, snacks, etc.), as well as a 24-hour pizza place and the always-delicious Hofbrau House.  Restaurants in the hotel are pretty killer as well.
3	Been here lots over the years, seen this place change in so many ways.Seen the renovations taking place before my eyes, love the new parking garage and additional casino space but they could've added one more bathroom on the casino floor.I've gambled and won, I've gambled and lost.I've eaten at Mr. Luckys and Johnny Smalls and the Hard Rock Cafe out front both pretty good. And when Simons use to be here, yum.I've stayed in their rooms, nice.Swam in their pool and gone to their poolside concerts, both can be very crowded, rowdy, and gross at times a depending on the crowds, the poolside shows aren't like they use to be, so I haven't gone at all this year.Bars can be busy, drinks can be strong, you may even get a deal...all Jack Daniels drinks while the rodeo was in town were on special! JD Honey is where its at.I liked the old Joint, the new Joint is nice but doesn't have the same intimate feel. But I still go, they usually have decent shows. That's why we were there recently...to see a show, had a good time. The show was pretty empty and the scene in the casino was a bit dead especially for a Saturday night, no eye candy like I remember (guests or staff) , maybe its the time of year, who knows.HRH always draws me back for one reason or another.
4	If you are a huge music fan, this is the place to stay and gamble!  I really like the vibe and atmosphere.  This is more of a younger crowds hang out, but I do love gaming action, restaurants and the fact that it is away from the strip.
5	The hotel is great and the All-Suite Tower is awesome.  You can walk right into the Suite tower from the garage without having to walk through the hotel.  The lobby is very modern with nice displays of rock history.  The staff provided a great service and Sharee provided one of the best reception and check in experience I've had in Las Vegas.  She explained the resort fees (which most had except for a certain chain of hotels), shuttles (9-5 on the hour to Fashion Mall), free wifi in the room, free pass to Vanity (their club) before midnight, etc., quickly and with a smile.  The room itself was great.  A nice walk in area with a mini bar, nice sofa and tv in a large room separated from the equally large bedroom and bathroom.  The bathroom had a nice large tub and large shower.  The bed and comforter were very inviting, it was hard to get out once you got in.  The gym was well equipped and the pools were quite nice and I can only imagine how much fun it would be with all the people.  Overall the hotel was quite impressive and a great experience overall.  Although it was off the strip, it was nice to be off the stip.
4	Well, I hadnt been to the hard rock in a long time and I went to see a friend who was recently hired there.   This place has come a long way since I last saw it.  The HRH tower is gorgeous along with the pool, special valet and VIP check in.  Its Nice enough to compete with some of the nicer strip properties while at the same time not completely over the top to seem snobbish like a lot of the elite properties.     The staff was incredibly nice to me even when I wasnt with my friend.  They also look like they have an incredibly fun season ahead of them - signing motley crew for a residency.. I am definitely going to that one!   The Joint an awesome place to watch a show or any event for that matter... Overall I was thoroughly impressed with how far they have come... and it looks like they are going to continue the trend of putting money into the place.... cant wait to see the changes!
3	I stayed 2 nights (12/18-12/20) at the Hard Rock with a Groupon that included gaming credit, dining credit and drinks.  After reading a bunch of reviews, I was hesitant, but I am so glad I decided to stay there!Check-in:  easy.  We got there early at about 1:00 and our room was ready.  The lady behind the desk was very friendly and helpful!Room:  fantastic!  We had room 1342 in the Paradise tower.  It was very clean, the beds and pillows were as comfy as I had heard they were.  I never even went near the weight-activated snacks or mini bar, but I was still nervous someone was going to knock something off there and I really didn't want to pay $7 for a bottle of warm water...lol.  Oh, and if you stay in Paradise tower bring good walking shoes because it is about a 6 block walk to the elevators from the check-in desk - no joke!Gambling:  okay.  Not a large casino, so not too many games and the ones they did have were twice as much $$ as the same games at other casinos.  That being said, I did hit a $586 dollar jackpot on my free gaming credit....yeah!!  : )Food:  I ate twice at Mr. Luckys.  First morning I was too late for the $4.99 steak and eggs and everything else on the menu is EXPENSIVE.  $10 for three pancakes? Really?  Service wasn't very good considering there were only about 10 other people in the whole place it still took 1/2 hour to get my tiny cup of coffee refilled.  Overall, I left with a good impression.  It was very clean, employees were nice.  Would I stay there again?  Probably not unless I had a good deal again; only because I like to gamble and this place seems more to cater to those who want to party first.
1	A group of us were in town for a convention and decided to stay at the Hard Rock. Huge mistake.A few colleagues arrived the day before I did and got rooms near the top floors of the Casino Tower. They could barely sleep because of the in-room parties and planes all night long (Hard Rock is right next to the airport.)Next day I arrive, walk in the doors of the hotel and it's like douche-bag central. Loud, obnoxious, sloppy drunks all around me, bumping into me as I'm trying to make my way to registration. It's barely past breakfast-time.So I thought I'd be safe with a room on one of the lower levels, but my room was overlooking the roof of the kitchen from one of their restaurants and the smoke from their huge vents would fill my room with smoke.Next morning, we decided to eat at Mr. Lucky's-- Hard Rock's over-priced diner within the hotel. We sat down about 7:50am, waitress came over to take our order, and we said we were all going to order the breakfast special but were were still waiting for one person. Since the deal ended at 8, we asked if we should order now so we could still get the deal. "Oh, no problem", she said. "You were seated before 8, so you'll still get the deal."8:05 and our colleague arrives. The waitress comes by and we tell her we'd all like the specials. "Sorry, that deal ended at 8.""That's not what you told us 15 minutes ago.""I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do about it", then something about the computers locking them out at 8. So we paid for our $17 coffees and left to have breakfast somewhere else.Stay away from this place.
4	We had a great time at Hard Rock. It may be off the strip, but I still had a great time. I imagine it's even better in the summer when the pools' open.We stayed in the Paradise Tower which had a view of the pool and the Strip. The room was dim lit, but was otherwise comfy.  We ate at Pink Taco, Mr Luckys and Johnny Smalls. I recommend the latter and suggest you best get the eat all you can tapas coz the a la carte is expensive for a tapas place. Pink Taco had a $5 for 5 tacos and $1 frozen margaritas but the hubby said the drink was too sweet.  Food in general at the Hard Rock is expensive and mediocre, but I would go back at Johnnys for the deal.
4	the room itself is HUGE! the bathroom is a bit small and the soap makes you very dry. The bed is decent but the pillows are very uncomfortable!
4	Overall I was very happy with my choice of hotel.We found a groupon for two nights at the Hard Rock for $160. That seemed like a good deal, so we went for it. When we tried to use it to book the same night, we were told that the person who could book the groupon deals was gone, and when i called first thing the next morning, i was told most nights had already been booked up. The earliest available night was Christmas. That was a little later then i had been planning, but worked out alright for us anyway. Then we are told that only two queen bed rooms are available, oh and we get to pay $20 extra bucks a night for the privilege. I was a little pissed.This all made me kind of regret my choice, but we were locked in. When we arrive on Christmas, the self-parking was rather confusing, but we finally arrive at check-in. The lobby was very nice, and the guy checking us in was very helpful. I happened to mention we really wanted a king bed room, and he found one for us! Very happy about that. We also got a bunch of vouchers with our deal, 4 free drinks, $40 to spend at one of three of their restaurants. The room was gorgeous. The bathroom was fabulous. Separate toilet room, then a huge glass enclosed shower area. Beautiful marble (or fake marble) double sink. The bed was soo comfy, especially we had stayed in hotels with crappy beds on our drive down to Vegas. Down everywhere. Very cool looking room.The gambling area (after seeing the places on the strip), was a little underwhelming and small. Drinks were fine. We ordered room service once, which we thought was reasonably priced, and very tasty. Also went to Pink Taco, which I wasn't exactly thrilled with. I think they could do with a bit more variety of restaurants. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, but would spend my time on the strip and at other places for eating, entertainment, and gambling.
5	What better way to spend New Year's then at one of the best party hotels off the strip (yeah I said it, off the strip!). The boyfriend found an amazing deal online and booked our room right away. We arrived around 4:00pm on New Years Eve. Self-parking is pretty easy, and so is lugging your entire luggage (yes, I tend to over pack) and yourself into in the casino (hate wondering around a casino with your luggage looking for the check in desk). Entering into the hotel/casino, the first thing I noticed outside of the all the awesome rock memorabilia was how clean the air smelled. No stinky smoky cigarette smells just good clean air that was moving around the casino.Our check in was a breeze, and we actually were upgraded to a (wait for it, wait for it) a suite in the Paradise Tower!!!!!!!  I was so excited that I was jumping up and down on the inside. So what do you get while staying in the Paradise Tower? Well glad that you asked my swanky friends... You get:-Exclusive check in-Over 460 square feet of naught fun-VIP lounge and spa-Daily newspaper at your door-40" LCD flat screen TV-IPod clock radio-A fully stocked mini bar-Free in room WIFI-Premium bed with feather pillows -Luxurious bedding (our comforter was urber fluffy)-A rain shower that could hold at least 10 people-Prickly Pear & Verbena bath amenities (smelled like some sexy fun)-Mood lighting all aroundI especially loved the "Do not disturb" door sign. Our suite was pretty sound proof which was nice, except we did have a conjoining door to the next room at one point we just got back to our room from a night of drinking, I'm guessing our neighbors must have had gotten back as well. This one girl was so loud and annoying that not even the TV could drown out her voice. To make things even worst we were woken up around 8:30am to our neighbor who was awake along with her friends laughing and yelling like it was the middle of the afternoon.. Ugh, I just wanted to yell shut up, but then again I did not want to leave the comfortable bed. We just laughed it off and went back to sleep.I highly recommend staying at this hotel and staying in the Paradise Tower! It is a couple of blocks from the strip but at least you do not have to deal with traffic!
5	4.5 stars! I bought 2 Groupons and was able to use them consecutively for 4 nights. Also, they didn't blackout Christmas so I go to spend the holiday in Sin. Their hotline for making reservations is prompt. Wonderful customer service. When we got to the hotel at 4am they allowed us to check in early and even gave us a free room upgrade. We went from a regular room to a king suite. OMG! THANK YOU! The suite is huge! Has a mini bar area full with its own sink, a living room area with l-shape couch, king sized bed, and HUGE HUGE bathroom. There was a 2 person shower and a 2 person bathtub. Wow! The room was equipped with 2 LCD 42" tvs, ipod wall dock which plays music in the whole suite, and an ipod dock clock. Usually I have a little trouble sleeping the first night in a hotel because I'm not used to the bed, but the bed here was so fluffy that I fell right to sleep. You should get the players card to their casino so you can get deals on the food. You also get a free $15 to play when you first sign up. They offer a free shuttle service, but it's only once every hour and it gets full very quickly. It's better to drive or take a cab to the strip.
4	*This review is based on staying one night in the Paradise Tower in the winter (I say this because I'm imagining the Hard Rock being a very different scene in the summer when Rehab is open and fully functional)*My buddy and I were coming into town a night early before my bachelor party kicked off. We wanted to stay somewhere neither of us had been to before, so we chose the Hard Rock based on that and he had found a sweet deal (expensive week with the CES trade show in town). We didn't realize it was so far off the strip, but we thought no biggie.Checking in, the front desk was really friendly to us, and gave us a free upgrade. We ended up being in the Paradise Tower, which we thought was the newer part of the hotel (?). Our room was great...no complaints at all. The room seemed newer, and the bathroom was actually nice...overall I liked it. We had a great view, which was directly above Rehab (amazing how large that whole pool area is). Outside noise was virtually non-existent. We didn't really hang in the casino much so I don't have any good or bad info for it. All in all I was impressed with the stay, and would definitely consider going back.
3	This hotel is AWESOME. We had SO MUCH FUN!! The music, the vibe, the memorabilia... All amazing. There was always something to look at when you're walking around, the machines/tables were fun to play, and the shops were pretty cool as well. The Pink Taco is a great place to eat and the staff in the whole hotel were very friendly. However, the room was less than what we expected. The lights in the bathroom were burnt out and it was EXTREMELY dark in there. There was no toilet paper or soap in the room when we got there and we had to call three different times to get them to bring some up. There was a stain on the bedspread, which was pretty gnarly, and there were a few spit balls in the corners of the showers. Kinda icky. After taking the survey they emailed me when we left, however, the manager emailed me right away and offered to make up for the messy room if I would give them a second chance. I told him I was definitely interested in trying again, and loved the level of customer service. It's great to see businesses who care about making each and every customer happy. I'm still waiting to receive his email on how to book my next room with his offer, but I'm sure it'll come soon and I'll leave a happy camper. We're looking to go again Feb 18th, so I'll be sure to update after that trip with a new review I'm sure will be a 5 star.
4	I love the memorabilia at this location!  They have the best than any other Hard Rock location I've seen around the world.  The casino is nice and not over done.  I personally go here just to get to the Pink Taco :-)
4	I really enjoyed stay in HR. I loved their SPA...The bed was TOO soft to sleep...well...I had a back shoulder ache.When my wife and I checked out, they were doing some work with a lot of mattress,,, changing a BED??? after I've been through all the pain...Maybe that is why they have a nice SPA with Jaccuzzzzzzzi...However, I got really GOOD deal through Groupon. It was good. I loved it... Love to go back...
4	Just came back from a 4 night stay at the Hard Rock. We got a great Groupon deal and no problems with booking. The room was big and comfortable. The beds were fabulous! Probably the best beds I've ever had in a hotel. We were in the Paradise Tower. As far as the other yelpers complaining about the distance from the casino to the tower, all I can say is you need to get out and walk more in your everyday life! Sheesh, you must not get any exercise, because it only takes a couple of minutes! As others have noted, the room was a bit dark, but not a problem. Don't lift any of the provided food items or you will be charged whether you eat them or not!The customer service was great and the younger, rocker crowd was a nice change from the other places I've stayed which are on the strip. Restaurant were all good, but of course, over priced. They have a shuttle that takes you to the strip, but we just used a taxi since we didn't want to wait. Only $10 (including tip) to get to the middle of the strip or airport. The Adult Entertainment industry were having a conference when we were there. Some interesting folks! When having breakfast at Mr. Lucky's in the hotel, I looked up to see Ron Jeremy in the next booth. What a trip.We enjoyed being off the strip, but it's not for everybody.
4	The suite at the HRH tower was really nice for the price we paid. It was a great place to party before heading out to Vanity. If you call the concierge before 9pm they'll get you on the list for Vanity and you'll get in right away so that was a great perk. We continued the party late into the night and never got a noise complaint. Good spot to have a great time.
2	meh. Came here for the AEE and was disappointed. I haven't been in the actual rooms here so take my review lightly if you're planning on booking a stay here. Hard Rock is about a 5 minute cab ride from the strip. Not too bad. The casino area is so yuck. Dim lights create that concert type feel which I don't have a problem with. However, the AIR... OMG. The cigarette smoke is the equivalent to LA smog during rush hour cramped into this itty bitty space. If I were ever to die from second hand I would blame it on my visit here. If everyone was smoking weed I'd have a contact high in like 3 seconds.That was a huge turn off. They have a Pink Taco here, pretty cool, along with a starbucks and some cool little shops. Nothing really stands out if you're just planning to stop by and see what's going on.
2	Stayed at HRH recently since the conference I was attending was held at the hotel.  Bottom line: it's dim, stuffy, noisy and chaotic.  Rooms were OK, but a bit dinged up.  Pluses: rock memorabilia, nice staff, and comfortable beds.  Be aware that the popular-priced eating options (Pink Taco and Mr. Lucky's) are especially crowded at lunch and breakfast and you'll be standing in a line.  If you want to escape to an area with more choices (the Strip), you'll be standing in a taxi line or taking a 1.1 mile hike.  Not my cup of tea, but if you're in LV for a 20-something bachelor party I guess it would be great fun.
4	WARNING: this review contains the word "schlep" The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino has a real innovative interior design that I can't even get into without writing a 4 page review. Its fuckin Incredible! I probably would NOT stay here again ONLY because its a little too far from the main strip for my liking and at times it can be a real schlep, hassle and a buzz-kill. If you plan on going to the ReHab pool party that they have out back, you wont fit in unless you are pumped full of steroids, have breast implants, tanned, etc.
3	Stayed in a suite in HRH Tower.  They room was nice and big, but not all the lights worked, and the ones in the bathroom are those energy-saver bulbs that take five minutes to illuminate.  Non-working bulbs aside, the room was still a bit too dark for my liking.  The decor was minimalist modern, which looks cool, but isn't all that practical or to my taste.The hotel and casino has some good casual restaurants in Johnny Smalls, Mr. Lucky's, and Pink Taco, all of which we ate at.  We also went to parties at Vanity and Body English, which aren't my thing but they were cool to check out, even if a light beer will set you back $9.  The location is a bit of a pain as it is a real hike to/from the strip and a $10-$15 cab if you don't want to hoof it.TIP: Avoid the ridiculous mini-bar prices.  Go across the street to CVS and buy yourself some snacks and bottled water.  And they sell beer and liquor too!Nice hotel, but I probably wouldn't stay there again.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I would prefer to be closer to the strip and stay in a little more luxurious room.
4	I would have to say that for being off the strip, I really like being at the Hard Rock. Over the past two weekends I have been there (NYE and AVN) I have been quite star struck as of late :-)But what I like most is that the few times I have stayed here now, I have booked last minute through HotelTonight app on my iPhone for just over 100 dollars. And both times I had an awesome room - 1 in the south tower that was a suite and one that was in the Casino tower overlooking the very cold and uninhabited rehab pool (it IS winter you know). The bar down in the middle of all the poker tables has this special architectural feature to it that when you are sitting there.... you hear everyone else's conversations as if they were participating in your own... so mind you, watch what you say if you are actually gossiping about someone across the bar; or don't if you actually want the hot chic across the way to know that you think shes slammin :-)I have had some good times at Vanity and Body English; I have seen Tiesto from the tables at the Joint and I heave enjoyed every evening I have ever experienced in the whole that is Hard Rock Hotel. Budget friendly if you are on your P's and Q's (HotelTonight & Hotels.com)
2	Hard Rock Hotel was a major disappointment for my weekend stay. First, booked a room with a king-sized bed and then was promptly told at check-in that they only had two doubles available. Second, after arriving in the room (on the 3rd floor) I noticed that half of the lights were broken and dirty (dust everywhere) and the floors and bathroom were also dirty. Next, no one mentioned that apparently if you are on a lower level you will feel and hear the bass from the casino music until all hours of the night. Finally, around 2am I called the front desk because it was impossible to sleep with the noise and the front desk moved us to the 2nd floor because of course 'nothing else was available' but farther away from the casino and over Starbucks instead of the casino. Fortunately, the room was a bit quieter but unfortunately, a hell of a lot uglier and dirtier (half of the items in the mini bar were missing...dear God please don't let me get charged) with pistachio shells sprinkled about the entire room. Also, just as an FYI for you late sleepers, if your room faces the pool (even though it's winter and empty) they start blaring music from the loudspeakers at about 8am until God knows when at night. Really? I know this is Hard Rock Hotel but please respect your guest a bit better! I could really do without listening to Katy Perry yodeling over the loud speakers at 9am that are 3 inches from the room window. Overall, I was completely unimpressed with the hotel, the room, and the service. I will never stay at this hotel again. If you are unlucky enough to have to stay at the hotel, I highly recommend checking in early and demanding a room on a higher level (although I hear the top levels have a lot of airplane noise).On a last note, refrain from ordering room service. I ordered room service for breakfast and I have never in my life been charged $26 (because of course all orders charge for a delivery fee and 20% gratuity) for 2 eggs, 2 pieces of toast, a clump of hashbrowns, and nasty bacon. Almost $30 for a meal that surely cost about $2 to make...painful!!
5	I was here last year in may .Hell of a Hotel. I got dumb ass wasted and some how appeared in my room safe and sound. I was practically  wasted 24/7 and i this place took all of my non sense. Rehab was great, i also won a  couple hundred bucks. But i do not drink anymore, so i shall not be back. But this is he place  to act like a kid and have fun being an adult. PS  i threw up ll over my room, so please tip the house keeping if you create chaos in the room .
1	2012 Superbowl Party @ The Joint review: Horrible planning of Hard Rock Casino causes fans paying $50 for Superbowl party to wait 2-3 hours in line to buy tickets and then seats them in the back of the theater where the view of the MAIN TV SCREEN IS OBSTRUCTED by a 40 foot light bar used to light the stage for Motley Crue band. There is no clear view around the light bar that measures around 40 feet across and 4 feet in height. It literally blocks everybody on the 3rd floor from seeing 40-50% of the TV screen.  The 2 screens immediately flanking the main screen are low-resolution and meant for concerts- not for watching a TV game.  They are like watching the game on a Lite Brite toy.  There were 2 smaller HD projection screens flanking the Lite Brite screens, but they were really not watchable since they are mounted on walls that are sideways viewing to the main audience.  For those fans paying $50 there is free food and 6 beers but it's located on the 1st floor in very front...and you are seated in the 3rd floor at the back of the theater. It takes about 30 minutes to leave your seat, grab food, and hike 3 floors to the back of the room. Food was simple hot dogs, nachos, chicken sliders, philly cheese steaks.  The quality of food was cheap, but better than some other places.  The ground floor seating has folding chairs, is FREE, and has a clear and unobstructed view of the main screen. The audio sound was fine and loud enough- they used the speakers for the band.  There was a gambling area in the front of the Superbowl Party, but I never went there.  Too crowded and I wanted to try to watch the game.In the grand scheme of making money, the Hard Rock did Superbowl fans wrong. It put the paying customers in the worst position for watching the game and created a lasting memory of wasting everybody's time waiting in line for coveted tickets only to short them on the viewing experience. I will never come back to the Joint at Hard Rock for a $50 Superbowl party and I highly recommend that you go elsewhere... unless you don't care about seeing a screen that only shows you 40% of the game.  How to fix this? If anybody from Hard Rock management sees my Yelp post: Sell those $50 tickets with a more efficient system.  It is not acceptable to have a 2-3 hour line with limited seats.  You had 3 cashiers trying to take money, write down driver's license numbers, and also work the Hard Rock merchandise store.  The only saving grace was that you had a real good security guard watching the line and doing head counts to make sure there was a cutoff point- give the guy a raise.  Make a system that should be in and out for everybody.  Next put the $50 seats ON THE MAIN FLOOR.  We don't care that they are folding chairs and not the plush chairs at the back of the theater on the 3rd floor.  Give the PAYING CUSTOMER the unobstructed view of the TV screen, closer access to food, beer, and bar drinks, and gaming tables.  You, Hard Rock Management, were bass ackwards in putting paying customers in the back of the theater and giving the Free customers the best seats and location in the house.  Somebody should be reprimanded and you can use that list of driver's licenses you took down to mail us all free VIP tickets to the 2013 Superbowl Party and a discounted stay at the Hard Rock.  That's how you make things right.  I'd hope you get your act together for 2013.Note: iPhone picture attached. Click the "Photo" icon on my review and see the light bar obstructing your view. It's much worse in person than it looks in this photo.
4	This place is off the hook from when you walk in.  Rock music blasting.  Dancers are beautiful. The circle bar is fantastic.  The drinks are expensive but that is Vegas - just gamble and tip the cocktail waitress.  See a show here, any show!!
4	First time staying at this resort and would stay again. Plenty going on and great location to airport and decent walk to Vegas strip.Oh and Motley Crue was playing there, Awesome venue and show
5	it's always crackin' when i go
3	Hard Rock Hotel has some of the best beds i've ever slept in.  I stayed at the hardrock in chicago prior my most recent vegas trip and i remember the beds being the highlight, so i knew the beds were gonna be AMAZEBALLS.  Sure enough, these beds are pure heaven! It's like sleeping on fluffy clouds of marshmellowy softness.  You lay down, sink in and just wanna stay in bed ALL DAY..But this is vegas, you don't come to stay in the room, you come to gamble, drink, party, shop and more.. This is why i can only give the hard rock a 3 star rating.. I love the hotel, its chic, clean and the rooms are sick, but there is just nothing around it.  You really need a taxi or a car to get to anywhere that isn't the hard rock.The casino is decent, however I don't recall seeing a poker room and that is a major draw back for me since i am a POKER fanatic!The restaurants are decent, the night life seemed a little dead when we passed by, however i cannot speak for pool season as i hear it is amazing..Bottom line is that there is good value here if you are looking for a nice room with some of the best beds you will ever sleep on.  If you are looking to cruise las vegas boulevard without having to cab it everywhere or drive everywhere then you may want to stay at a casino on the strip....**PS the showers in the room are SUUUUPER DOPE!
1	OMG I've never seen so many posers in one place in all my life. If you are a poser then you will probably like it here. Otherwise avoid at all costs.
4	Big fan of the casino, staff and the HRH Towers. The casino tower and the main registration leaves MUCH to be desired. They are fine if you are going to be in your room too much - but these rooms need an update. Staying in the HRH tower you have a seperate registration, updated larger rooms and some badass showers. This tower is the way to go! If you like rock n roll, wearing black, ripped jeans, black eyeliner, fishnets and are a general bitchin person - you will enjoy your stay at the Hard Rock Hotel.
5	We bought the groupon for the two nights in the HRH towers. We stayed during the week and in February, so we didn't have the drunk college kids experience. This place was so beautiful. Our room was amazing, the service was great. We stayed in the HRH towers I have never been in  more beautiful  room. The bed was so comfy you dont want to wake up, the mini bar was fully stocked(we didn't touch the stuff), the bathroom was beautiful, and the shower and bathtub was so giant perfect for couples. It was also nice that we had free Valet. Room service was fast got our stuff in 30 minutes which to me is good. Everything was nice the cons to this place is that I had read that to eat at the hotel there was a 18% gratuity but apparently this gratuity extends to room service, and we bought the groupon and got a 40$ food credit but with taxes and gratuity we only received two Hard rock hotel bottles of water and a cup of cranberry juice, and orange juice for 40$!  Also on top of the groupon that we paid for we had to pay almost 70$ for hotel fees and resort fees. I had read that many complained about the music being horribly loud but we didn't have a problem but maybe we didn't come at the time of the year when the cool folks do.
4	My review is strictly from the viewpoint of a convention goer and not as a hotel guest.  I've been to the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino for two different conventions in the last two years and I really enjoy the venue.  The location is its only downfall as it is far from the rest of Vegas.  However, what's great is the intimate size of the hotel and its venue space.  Most recently I attended the AVN Adult Entertainment Expo, which was held in The Joint at the Hard Rock.  The layout was much different than previous years, but was something new and exciting.  The show utilized three different rooms and it all worked well, with the Awards finishing the four day event.  The rather small Hotel & Casino made it easy to sneak out and get a bite to eat at Mr. Lucky's or Pink Taco and do a bit of gambling.  The only thing I do not understand is why the hotel is so dark. The press room was especially dark and it was a bit difficult to get some work done.Nevertheless, the hotel is awesome. It makes for a different kind of Vegas experience.  There's plenty of drinking, gambling, and partying going on, but nowhere near the amount of the Venetian, Cosmopolitan, or the Bellagio.  I didn't attend any of the clubs inside the Hard Rock, but I did try some of their dining options.  Mr. Lucky's is great and you can't go wrong with the 7-7-7 deal, which is a salad, steak, shrimp, and mashed potatoes all for $7.77.  Also, Pink Taco is not a bad option for late night eating.  The Mexican food is pretty bland and nowhere near the quality of real taqueria's, but not bad for a Hard Rock interpretation.Overall, I'd like to actually stay at the Hard Rock for a few days, but not my entire visit in Vegas, as there's much more to do on the strip.  However, I'd love to spend a few days in a more quiet and relaxed atmosphere, which the Hard Rock would be perfect for.  Lastly, I'd love to see what all the hype is surrounding Sunday's Rehab.
5	We came here recently to the Joint to see the Crue, and didn't actually stay here, so this isn't a review of staying here at the hotel.HRH is a smaller hotel that's a little ways off of the Strip itself. We fully expected to wait for over an hour after the show to get a cab (with the massive wall of people), but our cabbie on the way in told us to go out thru the side entrance into the garage and there wouldn't be a line. He was totally right! The casino floor was amazing and was truly a trip going around viewing all the rock memorabilia and the cars and motorcycles. Not to mention all the side shows walking around the floor. It was truly a great place to go around and people-watch.We definitely wouldn't mind coming back to a show here and ever staying here!
4	Woot, woot!  I snagged a Groupon deal for my birthday weekend celebration.  Thankfully, the rooms were large enough to accommodate three girls quite comfortably.  The amenities were lacking though; no robes or coffee in the rooms.  We couldn't get our tissue box replaced and they didn't take the dirty dishes from the room.  Basically, it seemed as though room service only made the bed each day.  The gaming floor offers a decent variety of slots, tables and great music.  I appreciate the rocker clientele and the lack of kids.  In the wee hours of the morning I even got to play slots two machines down from Tommy Lee.  The drink service on the floor is a little rare but once you cozy up to the bar, the bartenders keep the convo going. Each night we were given free entry into Vanity, which was a decent place.  Plus, once the concierge discovered it was my birthday weekend he hooked it up!  A pile of free drink tickets and even a coupon redeemable for a bottle.It's about a $7 cab ride to the strip but well worth the stay away from the throngs of people.
4	We didn't stay, but the hubby played blackjack and we wandered.  I loved the atmosphere!  I never like watching the hubby play (and I don't gamble) so usually being stuck at a table is like watching paint dry, but not at the Hard Rock. It is perfect for people watching!  Stripper poles, huge TVs in the sports betting area, memorabilia, and generally crazy  Vegas people.  We were there for the Crue show so they had a rocker on stilts, a scantily clad chicky on stilts and a demented clown walking around entertaining.  The place is small (compared to some of the behemoths on the strip), but that is nice.  It is easy to find the restaurants, easy to get to the joint and makes it a nice walk to check out all the music memorabilia.  I loved it, I would even consider staying here, it had a great vibe! Tip:  Go out the side door to catch a cab after a show or if the front taxi line is a mile long, the cabbies drop off there and will just pick you up and you will be on your way!
5	I stayed here on New Years and wow what a blast! I've never been to a hotel that was so beautiful inside and out AND where the staff is just so helpful. We were here for 2 nights (because we bought the groupon) and it was worth every penny. If you come again and you want to see one of their shows you need to book WAY in advance. Drake was playing and my friend and I wanted to see him perform, apparently they sold out 4 months ago within 15 minutes of having them on sale. I vote this the best place to stay thus far. It's a little ways out from the strip...but REALLY close to the airport...maybe an $8 cab ride.
4	I went here one time for the Bud Light Pool Party in 2011 and I may have really enjoyed my stay because of the all inclusive drinks, food, and stay.  But I had a fabulous time, the staff were awesome and the pools are great.  I think if I didn't have to leave I could have spent my whole vacation at the restaurant with concert venue, restaurants, pools, casino, Vanity night club, and bars.  The rooms are gorgeous with the lay out, decor, and bathroom set up.  Our room was on the pool side so waking up to music blasting at the pool can be an annoyance for people who are sensitive to noise early in the morning/afternoon.  There is also a Starbucks for guests who need their morning caffeine fix.  Be careful not to touch anything in the mini bar even to pick up and examine because they are sensitive and will charge automatically.  I only noticed when I was playing with the tv and saw I could view our statement and noticed that we were charged when my friend one drunken night decided to pull everything out of the fridge to put her Mr. Lucky's left overs.  REMINDER: DON'T LET FRIENDS GET DRUNK AND PULL EVERYTHING OUT OF THE MINI BAR TO STORE HER LEFT OVERS!!!This hotel is not on the strip but a cab drive way, the hotel is great to stay at but if you want to be in walking distance of the strip stay somewhere else.
1	This is one of the worst experiences ever. I travel all over and have never had a riot outside my door at 1 am with over a dozen people fighting, screaming and threatening to shoot each other. People were punching, slamming against my door and no one got them to stop until they moved to another floor after a half hour. Security was useless, the staff said nothing about it the next morning and emails to the manager have been unanswered. The casino was also a nightmare with police arresting men in the gambling area. If this wasn't enough, the rooms were dark (black walls) there was no light, one tiny soap and two towels for two people. The second night we moved to the "riot room" and had a lovely view of the airconditioners on the roof and the airport. the staff in the HRH area was rude and told us to not come back to her section but check in/out in the casino area. Having spent more than a thousand dollars on dinner, spa and stay, I would NEVER stay there again.
3	It's a cool hotel, I like it. It was a easy to get to the concert they had there.  The down side is that this was the only hotel in all of vegas that doesn't offer a buffet. On the plus side they have a starbucks there and many other great resturants that I didn't get a chance to eat at. It's a bit of a distance from the strip but who cares it probably better that way. I wasn't all that impressed with the rooms, seems like they can stand to use a refresh upgrade to the rooms. I like that the windows to the balcony opened up.. Not a 4 or 5 star hotel. Nothing really fantastic about this hotel.
5	My husband and I were here Feb 24-27 and stood in the HRH tower with a pool view room. Two queen beds were very comfy and I saw that they do change the down comforters daily. The pools were closed (until April?) with the exception of the small relax pool which was crowded on Saturday afternoon.  Weather was exceptional for late February, and there were only about 4 kids in the pool. The age group was early 20's to 50, so it was comfortable for us.I wanted to mention that Hank in Security did an excellent job that afternoon when I asked him to calm this drunk foul-mouthed fool who was upset that the bar wasn't open. I discreetly asked Hank to hang out a bit because he was on the verge of becoming obnoxious. *thank you Hank*We enjoyed the AYCE tapas at Johnny Small's, but the sign is misleading when it advertises that sushi is included. (an old sign, apparently) but we enjoyed the lettuce cups with shrimp, and we ordered two of the tender short ribs. This is a great place overall, an excellent value, and you save $10 with the Rockstar club card you can get just to the right of the Registration desk. The breakfast at Lucky's was ovepriced and not all that, so we won't return there. This was our first time at the hotel and we will definitely return!
5	I stayed there with my wife and two kids in 2010. It was super fun. The pool is the best, the room is super modern and comfortable. Everywhere you look reminds you of rock, fun, good times. The staff is super friendly. The only think I can not review is the casino, because I wasn't allowed to go there with the kids.
3	Well, this is just on the gift shop and casino. I kind of like that this isn't on the strip. There is more parking, and its a lot less crowded. I also love their gift shop. I got myself a sweet nooka watch for 60% off!! Yay for sales!! I don't know that I would stay here, but it was a nice relief period from the hustle and bustle of the strip.
4	Love this hotel!!!
1	Can't really comment on the Motel since I won't stay here after my Groupon reservation experience. I purchased a Groupon getaway that was billed as a 2 night stay, Sun-Thur, for 2 adults and up to 2 kids in a King room. When I called to make my reservation for a Sunday and Monday in June I was first told that to stay on Sunday night I would have to pay extra, after I pointed out the offer included Sunday night and read it verbatim the clerk said, "Oh, we have six groupon offers right now"...Okay, that got straightened out so let's get on with it.  As we went through the reservation process I happened to ask where the kids slept, a sofa pulllout? I was only then told the room only has 1 King bed.....so either me, my wife, my 12 year old daughter, and 10 year old son shared one bed, or I could pay an extra $30 per night to upgrade to 2 queens.I pointed out that either the whole 1 bed for 4 people thing should have been made clear in the offer, or the extra bed charge should have, but to advertise as a room suitable for a family of 4 was just wrong.   I repeated this to a manager.  My options remained to either spend the extra $60 for the upgrade not spelled out in the original offer or to sleep four to a bed, also not made clear in the original offer.  Well, I won't be staying at the Hard Rock-ever.  If you purchased a Groupon beware the Hard Rock bait and switch if you actually plan on taking your kids!  At least I didn't drive all the way to Vegas to find this out..
3	I came here for a work function and stayed for about a week.This review is based on the Casino Tower.The hotel and casino is pretty cool based on all of the neat music items they have such as pictures of musicians, clothes that musicians wore, records, musical instruments.  All of this was very neat and fun to look at.The room was eh. Granted I was located in the older tower. This tower LOOKED old. There was a lot of nicks on the walls. The room was not cleaned very well....there was a lid to a Pringles can found. I know people have stayed in the room before me, but I do not want to see the evidence of it.The bed was nice and the sheets were soft. There as an iPOD doc, mini bar and some other munchies. The room included a flat screen TV and a bathroom was an unusually deep bathtub. Meaning, you almost had to dismount to get in and out of the place, especially if you are on the short side of the vertical spectrum.The casino was just fine, on the smaller side. There was food options, but not a lot. I liked that this place did not get as busy as the places actually on the strip. This meant that there was a good chance you could get on a machine when you wanted to.The fitness center is not huge, but adequate. Make sure that you ask for a towel at the front desk of the fitness center if they do not offer you one. The machines are okay...but all the elipticals are the ones that are on "rollers"...which is okay, but not the best. Still by far a deal breaker.All and all, I would probably stay here again. The walk to the strip s a bit much but do able.
3	Hotel was great , nice night life plenty of bars , the rooms are not the best it was not crowded so you think you would get better rooms than overlooking the roof, I would request any floor above 5/6 little far off the strip about a $8.00 taxi ride or 15/20 min walk valet was super cool every time you head out the front doors , I would give a better rating but their choice of rooms just plan sucked out dated too, would not stay there again , would go back to party though....................2 1/2 stars to stay there
2	This place is horrible. Drinks are good but few things they forgot..that he remote control and blow dryer does not work, the mirrors in the bathroom are moldy, security are douche bags and charged us with things we didn't use!!!
4	As good as any of the Hard Rock Cafes I have been to. Great ambiance and food. Always a sure hit!
1	Our stay at Hard Rock was a NIGHTMARE and never again will I stay there!!!!! During our stay all of our belonging were stolen from our room while we were out at Vanity Night Club. Security claims that they could not retrieve any cervalence footage showing who broke into our room and stole our jewelry, clothes, shoes, handbags, credit cards, cash..etc!!!! I think it's nonsense and we should be reimbursed for our belongings and a perfectly ruined vacation, but hotel management thinks otherwise.  Beware people the staff that work there are low life thieves!! Lock up your belongings. Another guy staying there got his iPad and other belonging stolen from his room as well.
4	Planned a fabulous vacation from monday through thursday a couple years ago in May. Stayed in the Paradise room, the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in, like being devoured by a huge marshmallow. The room was made of sexy blacks, reds and greys something i really liked. The shower was huge my only complaint no where for me to balance my foot and shave properly. I'm a fan of the hotel,check in was quick so much to look  at I love rock so I was in awe. They had Coachella photos all over the wall ( RHCP, Rage, etc) which I went to that year and it brought back memories. It was quite a walk to our room elevators from the lobby but there were many stores around coffee shop, little market, restaurants. The one thing I didn't like was Mr. Luckys 24 hour restaurant we arrived at 2am and were seated only to wait a long time for any service but I noticed everyone else being sat after us was greeted right way so we got up and left. Ordered some room service but the food wasn't very good we got a reuben sandwich, cheeseburger, quesadilla and a fresh baked brownie. Everything tasted average, the brownie was like a store bought one and the room service charge was 18% so our bill was $80, wish we would've gone to an actual restaurant for that price and quality. Other than that would definitely look forward to coming back!
4	My friend works for NASCAR ... The week leading up to race weekend ... He decided to whisk me away for a getaway on my vacation month... We had VIP check in in the HRH Tower.Loved the spacious room... The beautiful bathroom... The Love Notes Order In Room Service ... That's pretty cool, if you are feeling naughtily so inclined to be cuffed ! The beds are super  comfy ....like melting into something that you just should.... Not to hard... not too soft... If you know what I mean...:-) And that is always a good thing... I fell in love with the lotion...& wanted to know where to get more & the very sweet maid handed off a ton to me when I ran out in the hall to ask her where I could purchase it... I still need to know where to order this lotion though! Hard Rock to me is an enclave off the strip.. Almost like  the cool kids club... I originally thought I'd miss not being at my MGM and in the center of it all... But the HR is so happening it didn't matter. There are lots of eateries .. You can't go wrong with the Pink Taco.. Or late night drunchies at Lucky 7... The many bars in the center . We had a private Denali and a awesome driver, Ron, take us over to Club Hyde @ The Bellagio one of our nights here as my cool friends apparently had the hook up:-) However, you truly don't have to ever leave the HR because whatever you want that is cool and trending is here... Vanity and Rehab... The pools and cabanas are beautiful.. & then stumble back up to your room.. For some of those love notes ...or the mini bar... Or the bed?! Remember to hang the 'Tied Up' on the door...  Gotta love Vegas Baby..:-)
4	I have stayed here at least half a dozen times so I can't believe I have never written a review.  The Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas has changed a lot over the last few years.  When my husband and I first started going there about 10 years ago the clientele was sort of an odd mix of drunk frat boys on spring break and douchey bachelor parties contrasted with older hippie biker dudes (you know the kind with the leather vest and a long grey braid down their back) and their lady companions.  But we liked coming here as a break from the gaudy themed casinos with the overdone glitz and glamor. It was casual and laid back with just enough hard edge to scare away the families (why people bring their kids on vacation to Las Vegas I will never understand).After the upgrades and expansion done in '08-'11 this is a very different place but still has that cool rock and roll feel that is trademark Hard Rock.  The rooms in the Paradise tower and the new suites are really luxurious and have all the bells and whistles we expect from a Vegas hotel.  Everything is shiny metal and black leather and velvet.  Very masculine but sexy at the same time.  I still prefer the more femininely pretty decor of the rooms in Paris or Bellagio but I just love the casino at Hard Rock.  It is now double the size it once was but it is still small enough that you can't get lost (sounds silly but that has happened to me in Cesar's more than once).  The Center Bar is still great for people watching and fantastic drinks when you are ready to take a break from the gambling.  Their concert venue, The Joint, is vastly improved from the way it was before.  No more folding metal chairs, this place has box seats and a kick-ass bar right in the venue.  They have also added more cool restaurants and hip shopping options and a fantastic salon and spa.  Their pool parties in the summer are legendary, they have a tattoo parlor on site, and a hot lingerie store... but none of that is really my thing.  But I do enjoy the restaurants on property and listening to some cool music while playing the slots.  Oh, and the other reviewers are not lying about how comfortable the beds are!The new Hard Rock is really great option in Vegas if you want a luxury experience that does not feel pretentious.  If you consider yourself to be edgy (tattoos, piercings, in a band) then you will love it here but even if you aren't I guarantee that you will still be able to make yourself at home.
2	Dark, loud and definitely not an ideal location. Mediocre dining options and an overall less than mediocre atmosphere. Went on a groupon deal and the front desk was great...got an upgraded room which was very nice. However, will not be returning to this hotel/casino again.
4	The HRH Tower suites are pretty incredible.  The rooms are spacious and the decor is well done and modern.  The service was amazing.  The employees were all prompt, courteous, helpful and very friendly.  Especially Michael at the front desk.  The rock memorabilia and photos everywhere are give the place a fun, unique feel.  The casinos aren't as smoke-filled as I expected them to be, based on other reviews.  Especially the one nearest to the HRH Tower.  The pool areas are beautiful.  I went in early spring, so Rehab hadn't started yet, but I'm sure it gets pretty insane when it does.  The room service meal was much better than most hotels'.  I was impressed with the quality of steak they served.  I also ate at Pink Taco where the food was better than expected.  I did some shopping at Love Jones and Affliction.  The salesgirls were fantastic.  GREAT service!I spent a day at the Reliquary Spa.  It was absolutely beautiful, very clean, well-stocked and comfortable.  I had a manicure done at the salon by Michelle.  She really did a superior job.  The juice bar was really good too. The super fruit smoothie is killer!I had an extremely pleasant experience at the Hard Rock.  The vibe wasn't pretentious.  Everyone was laid-back and friendly.  The service was impeccable.  I would definitely stay here again.
3	This place was Aces for me in some aspects, SO not my style in others. That said - let's write a little pro/con list, shall we?Pros:1. THE BEST BEDS EVER! Like sleeping on a pillow. My bed now sucks.2. Huge flat screen tv and reliable wifi3. Pink Taco: the food was delish, portions were healthy, and the pom margarita was on point!4. The artist memorabilia was really cool5. It was far enough off the strip to not be a mad house6. Liquor store across the street7. Kaizen sushi across the street has the BEST roll - Kiss of Fire. Do it. Twice. I did.8. Pauly D DJ'd there while I was there. I didn't get a jerz sighting, though. womp womp.9. You can open the windows! A key in smoking rooms10. About a block from the Double Down - my new favorite bar. Too bad it's all the way in Vegas.11. Check in and out was a total breeze.Cons:1. The bathrooms were tiny. No double occupancy ever.2. The pool has a dress code. For serious.3. The pool also starts super loud, oontz oontz music, at like 11am. Shenanigans4. Mr. Lucky's diner is not good. at all. Don't eat there.5. Room service is also gross, but twice as expensive as Mr. Luckys.6. The line for Starbucks was never less than 10 people deep. I would definitely stay here again, now that I know what to avoid. The only super bummer is that I don't see the pool playing anything even remotely tolerable. Ever.
3	This review is on the Casino Tower. The HRH Suites are incredible, as I've stayed in both I now know the true difference.  The rooms in the casino tower haven't been touched (for improvements) and it shows.  Pro's:Central LocationGood Service (For the most part)Cool VibeAwesome spa (mind you it costs $25 per day)Great Sports Book35 Martini's and Steaks is a great restaurantBeds are really comfortableCon'sI stayed in 801 and the ice machine was by 840, literally a two minute walk just to get ice.Bathroom is dated, tinyTV was SUPER old, crappy picture and no channel guide making you "hunt and peck" to try to find Espn, ridiculousSlot machines are old and make it difficult to use your players card which they advertise extensively without giving you a chance to actually use it as the machines are so old you have manipulate them like an old Nintendo just to get it to workYour resort fee and taxes equal nearly $29 per night; laughable as you all you get is wifi and their old fitness center access; for my two nights I essentially paid $40 plus tax just for wifi (i went to the fitness center at the spa instead of their old one).Center bar bartenders are complete douche bags and it took 10 mins on a weeknight at 1000 just to get a beerI love this hotel and have been here at least 10 times the past five years, but it's going downhill.  The only way I will return is for the HRH suite's; but those rooms are so nice, expensive, and big, there's no way it's worth staying at the hard rock unless there are 3 of you on a trip.  Shame, I loved the place
3	We stayed here for the Mountain West Conference (quite convenient walk to the games!). We bought a Groupon deal for a 2-night stay over the weekend with $40 voucher in food and slots, so it was a good deal. There's not really any fast food places to eat at inside the Hard Rock, just FYI. The rooms were decent. The only problem we had was with the TV.. our remote control didn't work. But it's a nice TV lol
1	I will never stay here again. We get to our room and even though there are 3 of us we only have 2 towels. Our luggage holder is broken as well as our iron and two of our lights don't work, one is actually missing the light bulb. We tried to call housekeeping and the phone literally rings for 20 minuets. They bring up towels and an iron and guess what, that iron doesn't work. I was really was not impressed with this hotel. Great place to party but not to stay.
3	As soon as you walk into this place you can smell the wretchidness, the sin, the debauchery and well, it shows in the fact that the rooms are beat down from 24/7 partying... Yeah Rehab was a pull 3 or 4 years ago, but lets be honest, there are other better pool parties these days such as Republic.... This place is for the skiers, the rockers and the truely sinful who want to go buck wild and get away with it at a hotel that is more lenient than others! - That is the Hard Rock's value proposition folks....
3	This place is probably the definition of an 'alright' time in Vegas. Groupon really pulled a fast one on me and my girlfriend. For starters the Concierge is slow and unfriendly, when we arrived AND checked out the line stretched to the main entrance WITH a full staffed counter, resulting in a 20-30 minute wait.. no lie. They upgraded us to the Paradise Tower King Pool-View which was cool but the room wasn't anything special, it was REALLY dark. Literally its a dim room in the daytime and nighttime with the lamps on. THOSE BEDS THOUGH they are the best beds I've slept on in Vegas. It also takes forever to navigate this place, the towers are so darn far from each other making the trip from the room to the pool or the casino floor a literal 10 minute trip. Not To mention the standard $9 trip to and from the Hardrock to the Strip. No one was really at the pool either. If you have a option, pass on this place.
5	Who doesn't love vegas?   Who didn't want to be a rock star for just a little bit? Party like a Rock star at the Hard Rock!!   Here for a bachelor party, we had one of the most amazing suites I've been in.   ( I shant give away the secret location.. so don't ask) I won't go into the pool, or views, or anything like that because if you can't imagine a vegas pool (ie Rehab)... you should either book your flight today or join a convent.   The VIP staff and hosts were simply amazing.   Mike F.  and Trehy really hooked us up when going to the club.  Six bottles and an entire corner to ourselves later - we had an amazing night.   I truly have to give it to our waitress, Rachel, for what became one of the most memorable nights ever.   I would never go here again if I wasn't able to have her to hang out with.  (She was genuine, funny and beautiful)   The actually "casino" is a bit small, but what do I care - I only play craps.   Although there was no Buffett at the hotel, they did have an "all you can eat" tapas restaurant which wasn't bad.   Pink taco - the mexican place - was really really good!!!   Although the computer went down, the waitress forced us to go to the ATM - PAY THE FEE - so that we had to pay her in cash.....  Which was complete BS. But you're in vegas, and several ... (several)....  thousand dollars later - this was by far the best vegas trip I have ever had.   - and i have been there more than a dozen times.
4	Despite the douchey "Affliction" vibe of this place it's a pretty fun place to stay. There's a constant party in the pool area, the rooms are pretty nice, and I even got a few comped bottles of booze. Definitely a recommend for anyone who wants to have the stereotypical crazy party weekend in Vegas. If you want to be lame and quiet this isn't the place.
3	This is a D*Bag hot spot!! If you're a D*Bag or the Hot Chicks who bafflingly flock to the, you will LOVE this place!!Workers, mind the elevator security.
5	A great hotel to stay at! The rooms here have pretty nice decor and the beds are amazing! I loved sleeping on the beds here because they just feel so plush compared to anywhere else i've stayed in Vegas. Great looking bathrooms in all of the rooms too! The hotel staff is very friendly and more than helpful. I had no problem checking into my room quickly and had 0 issues with the staff during my stay. My only complaint was that the wifi was very weak in the room that I was in. Plenty of great food available here, I highly recommend Johnny Smalls if you like small plate/tapas restaurants. There's some pretty food to be had there. The gaming areas are good and because this hotel isn't directly on the strip, it's not as crazy as some of the strip hotels can be downstairs. Still, this place gets packed with some pretty good party animals on the weekends and if that's your thing (why else would you be in Vegas anyway?), you'll have a good time here. Damn I miss those beds though. It's like sleeping on a cloud!
4	great music, great food, great rooms, great vibe, great hotel. very little emphasis on gambling, just folks having a good time.
4	We stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel&Casino for our three nights in Vegas. Overall I really enjoyed my stay and wouldn't mind rooming here again. Upon entering, we were greeted with blaring rock music, dim lights and strewn around the hotel were glass cases of famous outfits worn by famous artists like Christina Aguilera, Madonna, Mick Jagger, and Michael Jackson. We stayed in the old Casino Tower on the 10th floor. First, the rooms were nothing like I imagined as I was so used to the generic bad-carpet-design-with-dim-lighting-and-scratchy-uncomfy-beds sort of hotel rooms. I was surprised that the room itself was spacious and that "there's so much more room for activities!" (Stepbrothers) The room had two framed photographs of the Beatles and Jimi Hendrix, which were a nice touch, pretty musical-note carpet, and a nice black headboard against the wall where the bed is. The room included a huge flat-screen tv, black-out curtains as well as a door that opened so that fresh air could get in and out. The bathroom was small but nice. However, our shower dial thing immediately popped off when I tried showering the first night. Our bed was super soft, and although I prefer firm beds, I slept like a lil' babby in it. Second, I wished that this hotel was located directly on the strip because it was so hard to get things to and from each place. Each day we had to think about what we needed before proceeding to exit the hotel just so we didn't have to come back in the middle of the day (which did happen multiple times). There IS a shuttle that takes you from the hotel to the Fashion Show Mall at the end of the strip BUT it stops at 5 PM. That's unfortunate for those night owls who are partying away on the strip. Third, the hotel charges a resort fee per day for their pool area, gym, Internet, and other utilities. It was kinda lame because we didn't use any of these except for the Internet. NOTE!!: The hotel charges an extra $14 or so per device per room. So if you're on the Internet on your iPad, you can't also have your laptop on the Internet unless you want to be charged this extra fee. Fourth, the hotel gave us vouchers for a free bottle of selected liquor as well as like 15% off stuff at their store. We took advantage of the free alcohol and partied by ourselves while watching the Travel channel (party hard! HAHA). Fifth, there IS a dress code applied after 8PM wherein the bf said was when "the sluts come out." It wasn't clear what dress code meant (slutty? PJ party? costumes?) so I did walk out in sweats once or twice. I kinda got the feeling that the Hard Rock Hotel is mainly for those tanned-to-a-crisp-douchebag-wears-sunglasses-indoors-with-iced-tips-and-pink-polos-trashy-listens-to-Nickelback-and-worships-Meatloaf type of people. :x I am not one of them. In the end, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. The employees were nice and helpful, rooms were clean and spotless, and the hotel stayed true to its form.
4	Having scored a Groupon deal, us four girls shared a room for 4 nights and each of us paid roughly $60 in total, Hard Rock is pretty awesome. As much as I'd prefer staying on the strip, a cab ride to the strip is only around $10-15 (highly depending on how friendly the driver is). They've got a Starbucks to keep you from sleeping, a convenience store stocked with coconut water, aka the best hangover cure after pho, and a juice bar that delightfully incorporates alcohol in your supposedly healthy, fruity smoothie. Plus, who doesn't want to spend the entire week of Spring Break waking up to a badass DJ spinnin' sweet tracks by the pool? Life in Vegas is so surreal.
1	I'm a frequent yelper, mostly just to read the reviews since most people are usually spot on. I really felt the need to create an account just to leave a bad review for this place. I've only been to Vegas 3 times, this weekend being the 3rd time. I stayed at the Stratosphere the first time and Imperial Palace the second. BOTH times i had fun and enjoyed my stay. As soon as we tried to check into the Hard Rock we experienced "computer problems". We waited for around an  HOUR before we could check in. Once we did check in, they informed us that because of the computer issues only ONE of the three rooms we booked were ready. WTF?? So we went to the only room that was available and waited around for yet another hour for OUR room to be ready. When we finally got our key, we discover that we had a room with two beds instead of one. So naturally, we were already pretty damn upset. It was 5pm! So we went downstairs to try and get some sort of compensation. The staff was very rude and only gave us 20 off of our resort fees. The only plus about this hotel are the rooms and the beds. Other than that, it's a ways off the strip, the casino itself is ok, and the club in there sucked. We were vip guests with a group of attractive ladies and still couldn't get in. We ended up spending our time at NY NY for much of that night. Really horrible service. WILL NOT COME BACK.
4	Since I was about ten years old, I have been collecting Hard Rock pins from all over the world. When a friend would travel somewhere, they would bring me a unique lapel pin. I probably have 50-60 of them. I like Hard Rock in general, cool music memorabilia, giant guitars outside their restaurants, and probably the best play list of any place I've been. Finally, I visited the infamous Hard Rock Hotel and loved every moment of it.The place is swanky and smells of cheap perfume and cigarettes, basically how I imagine Aerosmith to smell. Leather boas and leopard print adorning every square inch of space. It was like I died and went to a rock stars' cocaine heaven.I can't wait to spend more than an afternoon of gambling here. Stay and play like a rock star sounds like a great way to spend time in Vegas.
4	I've stayed here a bazillion times since they first opened the hotel.  It's a cool vibe and a nice distraction from the usual LV hype.  I personally think this is the most 'fun' place in LV.  I love the Pink Taco.  Hands down, my favorite booze/food/fun value in town.Rooms run from downright cheap to ridiculous, it's all about booking source and timing.  The new tower is really nice, the older tower is showing its age.  I really like the secret entrance in the new tower where you can avoid the taxi lines at the front door.  Cool - Just like a rock star!  Watching the hookers work the room at the main bar at night is fun too!
4	Most people only know Hard Rock for Rehab, but to be honest..this hotel is VERY underrated.It is a little bit off the Strip, and the hotel is a little smaller then most of the Strip ones but that usually means cheaper room rates as well. I stayed in the casino tower, and although the hallways and decor was nothing to rave about, the actual room itself wasn't half bad. The bathroom was very basic, but the bed was huge and comfortable and I had a big LCD TV so no complaints!They also offered me a voucher for a free 750ml of liquor at one of the stores, so that was nice as well!Typical casino cliente is where it gets interesting! It's a little bit of an older crowd (think 30s, not many 20 year olds) but expect to see alot of Affliction and Ed Hardy type graphic tees around here. I wouldn't call it douchey, but like older dudes trying to act young. So that was hilarious.Friendly dealers with usually an assortment of low and high minimum tables. Cab ride to Mcarran airport is only about $7 so it's dirt cheap! Personally, I can't see myself staying here for the whole duration of my Vegas vacation just because it's so far away from the Strip action, but if I was only going for Saturday/Sunday, I'd give it a go. My best advice would be to grab the room on a Sunday because you can party at Rehab during the day, and hit up Vanity at night because the industry party at the Hard Rock is one of the best industry parties in Vegas!
4	This is probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.  Off the strip means less randomness.  The people are here because they chose to be.  It definitely feels higher end and rooms are way more modern than most.  I like the vibe.
4	I like Hard Rock, I stay here once a year during NAB for work.The best bedding ever! It's super comfy and easy to fall asleep with! I don't usually sleep easily at hotels but I don't have that issue when I stay at Hard Rock.The do have many restaurants here, but the ones that open for lunch and dinner will be Mr. Lucky's and Pink Taco; all others are only opening for dinner time.Overall service is great, except a few girls at the receiption/front desk can be a bit rude - one star off here.I wish they have more restaurants that open during lunch time; perhaps in the future. See you next year Hard Rock!
4	Just came back from 2 nights in Vegas for my Bachelorette party and stayed here!couple of notes:- I wanted to take the bedding home, it was amazing! I seriously was about to leave all my clothes there and stuff the duvet in my luggage.- We stayed in the Paradise Tower. It was nice and modern, but the decor was kinda dark, it was hard to do makeup with the full length mirrors (something important when 4 girls are staying in one room!) One thing though was that our room overlooked the pool and the music was really loud during the day so that was kinda meh. We were playing our own music, so it was like whatever, but just might be something to know.- The pool is awesome. We went to the pool the day before Rehab officially opened and it was fun to hear all the music and their watermelon mojito was so yummy! Water was coldddd though, but I was able to get my dark tan on.- It is a bit off the strip, but I didn't mind. I've been to Vegas enough times to not need to explore the strip so much.- They were really accommodating and was able to find 2 rooms that was adjoining for my group of girls.- I gambled $20 at roulette and lost. I wish the big baller that came to the table with $1k sharsies with me. lol Pay to play people. Pay to play.- Also enjoyed the Spa Services there: http://www.yelp.com/biz/reliquary-spa-at-the-hard-rock-hotel-tower-las-vegas#hrid:QKgCT_MLzJBvW63K-H54NA- HH at Pink Taco: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pink-taco-las-vegas#hrid:zkmRBgZp-x8_wIi-O1L3HA- Also, never had to wait too long for a taxi.Overall I enjoyed my couple days there. Thanks Hard Rock, you will always have a special place in my heart.
5	Seriously awesome. Been coming to vegas for years, sometimes several times a month and have stayed at pretty much every notable place on and off the strip within reason. I can say with certainty that the hard rock, especially the HRH tower is my favorite place to spend my time there. The casino is a manageable size, the hotel isn't gargantuan, and the people are down to earth and generally pretty great. The staff, especially Esteban at the front desk, always on point and friendly/accommodating. Food prices and options are great as well. HRH rooms are great and an ultra good value. Seriously, I've yet to come up with a reason not to like this place since the minute I stepped into it. Home away from home and it looks like it'll stay that way.
4	It was a busy weekend in Vegas, with the opening of several of the Pool Parties (including REHAB here at HRH) but we were there for a wedding - so to say I was trepidatious going into this would be an understatement. We stayed in the HRH tower, which is a lovely newer tower with well appointed rooms. Check in was a breeze, though I did get there around 7:30 so it was not particularly busy anyway, but the first staff member I had an encounter with was excellent (I REALLY wish I could remember his name to give him a shout out, he was there at that time on 4/20 and also at our checkout on that Sunday around 10PM). When I arrived the douchenozzles were in full force, and the young fella at the checkin counter was totally unphazed and very calm and funny. A good start. The room was a great size, and with some fun little extras (built in touchscreen jukebox, double sided tv, super comfy beds) but you could see where they began to cut corners on the details - I dont know what makes hotels think guests will not notice these things, they do stand out when surrounded by the nicer features. Food wise, we had some pretty good experiences. Pink Taco was low key and delicious and we splurged on a killer meal at the Steak and Martini place on Sunday, and had a meal we honestly thought was better than CUT (and every bit as expensive). Again, in both places, the service was excellent from host to waiter to bussers - friendly and knowledgeable. We spent a good deal of time at the pool - avoiding REHAB like the plague. We were very pleased to see there is a large section of the pool area (very large) that is seperate of the crazy pool party, and while there were plenty of kooks out, it was WAY more mellow, and service (once again) was fantastic. Really nice bartenders and cute servers with minimal attitude if any. In a place like that, if you are friendly and articulate and tip decently, you really get treated well. These guys and girls take SO much abuse every day, just being a decent human gets you fantastic service. The day we planned to leave we tried to get a late checkout, but it was not available - HOWEVER - for $99 they offered a whole extra day/night - best Hundred ever spent. We slept in, got sun, had a nice meal, and left around 10pm when traffic was non existant, checkout was mellow (though there was some drunk idiotic girl in a ill-fitted bikini yelling at that same great staff member at the front desk while he calmly stood by and let her vent). The negatives were pretty mild - most of them revolving around the clientele and their need to become so wasted that they felt there would be no repercussions and no responsiblity for their actions - but the amusement we got from watching them was also a plus at times.... watching a fellow come out of his hotel room, make it about three feet, and then slide down the wall and pass out in the hallway was better than Cirque. HRH - you impressed.
1	One EPIC FAIL from start to finish!!! So, I called the hotel at noon on my day of check in to let them know that I would be there at midnight. Our drive from Newport to Vegas was quick and painless, got some In and Out and was ready for a fun fun night in Vegas. We pull up at the hotel at midnight and guess what... go to check in. "Oh we're sorry, the hotel is sold out. We'll give you this non-HRH room plus $200 food and beverage and waive your resort charges". Fine, FAIL! Go to the room and what a scary sight. Like something Hunter S Thompson stayed in. Dirty room, next to an elevator, next to a ice maker. Too bad the good Dr Gonzo didn't leave his magic suit case for us! The Either or some pills would have helped us sleep considering "Ding" elevator "rubble, rubble" ice machine every 20 minutes! FAIL#2 Complained some more and got nowhere. Sucked it up and made the best of it considering they said they'd move us first thing tomorrow morning.  Ahhhh, if it was that easy. Tomorrow morning rolls around and no dice! Couldn't get a hold of the front desk to save my life! FAIL#3 Phone rang and rang, finally called for the manager. She apologized up and down, said give her "an hour". We went down to the ReHab pool, sacked up and spent $200 on 2 chairs. I confirmed with the pool attendant that the seats were ours for the day. "Yes" and he gave me a receipt. Go back to the room and 2 hours after my initial call my new room is ready. FAIL#4 "OK can you please send the bellman to move our bags?" "No they are too busy". WTF! Really?? FAIL#5 We finally get into our new room...WOW, HRH Suites are super duper nice. Thanks for putting salt in the wound given the disgusting room we stayed in the night before.  What ever! Go back down to the pool, the security guard decides to be Mr Big Man with a small di#@. Tells my girlfriend she cant bring her purse into the pool. Really, I was able to 2 hours ago? Whatever, FAIL#6! So she goes back to our room and I go to our chairs by the pool. GUESS WHAT!?! They moved our stuff; "we weren't there..."FAIL#7! Moved us to the back pool and the pool attendant must have compared his junk to the security guard and was all butt hurt because this guy didn't care where I was or what happened. "This is the best you're going to do". Glad I came down early and got a good seat...nope. Pool gets 3 highlights; Amber our waitress, super nice. Ian, who said he'd help us out and make up for it and then Courtney, who actually took care of everything, thank you.  Things are looking up for us from this point on, in fact had a very nice dinner at 35 Steaks. Really enjoyed the Beet Salad and my Ribeye. Following dinner we went to the bar anticipating the real reason we're here. Fitz and the Tantrums. Oh, FAIL#8 is right here...I spent $90 on 2 tickets, I'm dumb, cause there's a voicemail on our room phone and some girl walking around the casino handing out free tickets! Darn it! Wasted that money. Show was AWESOME, love those guys. Really, if you get a chance, go see Fitz...just do it somewhere other than the Hard Rock Hotel.  After the show, headed into Vanity Night Club, with thanks to Courtney's business card, we would have never gotten in without it. You should have seen the "line" actually it wasn't anywhere close to a line just a mess of tarded looking people trying to get into the club. (Tangent here: Hey Big Girls, I know someone loves you, but don't wear that dress! Wow!) Zero organization by hotel security. Almost a fail, but we got in with some elbow grease by my partner in crime. Had a great time at the club! Big space, fun music, I like the out door area to get away for a bit. Finally the night is almost over, we went back to the room to order room service...wait for it...it's almost here...yup, FAIL#9: Delivered our room service and you'll never guess...brought the wrong food! Love it, not the failures the irony of it all! We eat what was there, booze makes you do crazy things. Went to bed and thought we were done. FAIL#10!!!! Went to check out and the bill was wrong! They didn't waive the resort fees. Really, had to wait on hold for Manager (got to know the management staff well on this trip). They fixed the bill and I was done!  Back to our management encounters, all of them. Matthew, Courtney, Ian and 2 other front desk managers. All super nice all said "Sorry" way too much and all need to stand up at their next management meeting and fix the system, the hotel and the way things work and most of all the bell desk and pool attendants attitudes towards hotel guests!...You guys are in a service industry, pretend to be nice and friendly, you don't know who you're going to be rude to, he may be some guy who has too much time and likes to yelp.
4	I actually like Hard Rock more than I thought. Love the casual young hip rocking environment!!! Everybody seems so chill not fancy like other high end resorts..... I love the dark and grey rooms with wall papers. Bed was comfortable and we got a nice view. Did not the the resort fees. Seem a little hidden.... Minus 1 star.
1	Nice room, room service awesome,pool party is garbage and has ruined the hotel.the pool staff is lazy and no where to be found. The quality of the hotel is not like the place i remember. Be coming here 20 years and i am saying goodbye for good. Step it up and be the old fun hardrock and may be i will come back. I would not recommend this hotel to play. Everyone wanted a hand out to do something for you. What happen to customer service and making the customer happy? The Paulie d guy is a really bad dj.
4	Was at the pool for atmosphere concert. tho it was a bit packed service was good at bar. After wards did a bit of gambling. great fun place
4	Rooms:We stayed in the HRH Tower and had a corner suite, which had spectacular views of the strip. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room itself was huge with the bathroom being the focal point. There was no mini-fridge in the room which was a bummer as we wanted to have a drink or two in the room. Missed revenue for them. The shampoo and conditioner left a lot to be desired.Service:Loved being able to check out from our room and avoid lines at the registration desk. All the staff there are really nice and want to go the extra mile in my experience. We were very pleased with their level of service.Food:We ate at NOBU the sushi restaurant and it was really fresh sushi. A little pricey but not bad for what you get. Pink Taco was just OK and left a lot to be desired. We did like the sangria and champagne drink they have on the menu. Every morning we ate at Mr. Lucky's which had a great breakfast menu and would recommend eating there. Overall, the food options are pretty limited compared to other hotels in Las Vegas but good enough to get you through your stay.Overall:This is a great spot to stay for the younger crowd or the young at heart. It does get pretty wild but we expected this during our stay and it was a lot of fun to people watch. The pools are great and are probably some of the best in Vegas. But stay in the new towers if you are going to stay here, worth the upgrade.
5	this past Friday 04/27/12 a group of 10 of us attended the atmosphere concert at the pool. we got cabana #20 right by the stage and WOW what a great and positive experience it was. Lisa was our contact person for the bottle service and she always answered my brothers calls and emails which made the whole process run smooth and with as little confusion as possible. Lisa greeted us at the check in and had us escorted to our cabana, she even came bthe night of the concert, Lisa greeted us at check in and had us escorted to out cabana. She also returned throughout the night to assure that we were all set up and happy. my brother had explained to Lisa that it was our brothers 21st bday and that we wanted a spot close to the stage...we got cabana #20 and WOW it was AMAZING, the best spot in the place, literally on the front left of the stage! our server was Rachel Moore, she was so nice and quick with drink suggestions, great personality and service! Also, our security guards Michael Dunn and Terrence were INCREDIBLE! people were trying to get on the cabana platform all night and they made us feel like royalty as they made sure that our spot was just that...OURS. they had great personalities, & werent stuck up, mean and rude like the usual security we run into in Vegas.  words cant explain how impressed we were, it was our first bottle service/ VIP experience that we had to pay for in Vegas and when we do it again it will surely be at the hardrock!
1	Where do i begin...I'm home, hallelujah, and no longer have to deal with people to pompous to serve you and who could have cared less that you were paying them to stay there.  Let's be clear, they have Rehab, big whoop.  Its a drunken mosh pit of rejects who think that binge drinking is the epitome of class, while sadly like the hotel, they have none.  As for the hotel, if black were a color and dark and dingy were a fashion statement, this place would rein supreme - however for those of you that know better, this is not the place to be.  While the rooms in the HRH tower were nice, the hotel, like its staff, was old and outdated.Bars and food, sure - like hotels they have them.  like other hotels, Hard Rock's were almost never open.  Who has a sports bar that is closed during the NBA and NHL playoff games - only agreeing to turn on the tv's after talking to several managers and still refusing to open the bar?  And once they open tell you that food service is available, but tell you that they can't send you a server so you have to go to one of the restaurants, order take out, and bring it back into the sports bar.  Need a drink - bar across the casino is open, but sorry - you can't order one in the sports bar!Checking out - it takes a team of six (6) to find your bill and print it only to realize, they charged you incorrectly...but no worries, there is nothing the front desk gal can do...you have to deal with accounting that wants you to prove they messed up.  how do you prove you didn't charge anything to your room when they can't produce a receipt showing you did and you can't produce a receipt showing you didn't! Morons rule here!Staying here, buyer beware!!
1	Bad service for two night stay. Room needed rehab help (casino tower 972).  Remote, shower, ironing board and iron did not work.  Gave feedback and even left a hand written note with iron board on bed and no action.  Insult to injury was long check in wait and difficult find thae bell captain to keep bags for the day.  Too many other choices to select Hard Rock again.
1	I've decided to write another review of this hotel and casino as my opinion of this place has drastically changed.  Hard Rock use to be a cool Casino where all the hot young people would flock to, in order to have some fun.  Being a loyal Hard Rock faithful for the last 7 years I can now honestly say this place went down hill big time. I started to notice it last year but continued to stay there in hopes it would turn around.  I can honestly say I will NEVER stay there or party there ever again. Their hotel just sucks. The hotel is filthy dirty, the staff is RUDE, the pool is an STD waiting to happen and the staff is ugly, old and auffle!     One of the reasons I use to frequent this casino was because I knew everyone who worked there. Everyone use to be so friendly and nice, boy has this place gone down. Why would you ever go to Hard Rock, Rehab or any of there ghetto Jerseyfied clubs when you can stay somewhere nice like Cosmopolitan or Encore. Not to mention those 2 hotels have fabulous and classy pool parties. At Hard Rock you can find all the overweight rejects who just want to get black out drunk and cause problems at their pool or nightclub. After taking a huge step back and finally deciding to venture out of my little Hard Rock bubble I realized that I waisted my time in a shit hole over the last 7 years. Mark my words I will never return. Too bad that me and all my hot girl friends won't be going back there,  looks like the pool will be even uglier now! DO NOT STAY AT THIS DIRTY, RAUNCHY, DINGY HOTEL! Oh, and to the new management staff at the Pool you all suck and are rude! Especially "the Asian guy who claims he's the pool manager" and "Mike" the VIP Host who is not so VIP.  I miss the days when AMG ran the pool.
3	3 1/2 Stars Please!This is a really nice hotel, but be mindful of what type of person stays here.  If you want to relax and have some peace and quiet DON'T go here.  Hard Rock is Trendy and Hipster, basically a very nicely decorated hotel for the young.Ive been here a few times and stayed here once.  The Hotel is great, especially if you are a hardcore Rock fan.  The decor and artifacts will keep you distracted, which has led into many-a-collision on the floor (Sorry Lady).The rooms are great.  Maybe its what went on in that room that had me mesmerized... Whatever it is, I loved it.  The bed was comfortable and we had a little balcony.  Granted the view was of the air conditioning vent below but that's anywhere in Vegas.  Also, there was just enough furniture to not overcrowd the room.  I hate when there is too much stuff in the way.The Hard Rock has great food, rooms, drinks and people.  Still haven't been to Rehab... I'm not a fan of drunken idiots.  Sorry.
2	Least favorite hotel in Vegas (Cosmo, Mirage, Encore). Unbeatable rates (i.e.: $69/room) if you need a deal but off the Strip location makes Hard Rock rather inconvenient. Loud, smoky lobby/bar. Would be fine to come party here but not to stay. Casino Tower - AVOID. Co-worker had a plumbing disaster, which flooded his bathroom. Another co-worker was prematurely checked out by accident, ALL her belongings were MOVED TO LOST AND FOUND, she was room-less until 4am on a Thursday. Unacceptable.Was originally checked into a smoking room in Paradise Tower despite clearly requesting non-smoking on my original reservation. Staff swiftly upgraded to HRH Suites.HRH Suites is nice and quiet. Stunning bathroom with smoked glass doors, fantastic lighting controls. Living room furniture appeared a bit worn, unfortunately. Bedroom suite doors essentially soundproof the bedroom, which is awesome.  Has separate entrance, which is very convenient for hailing cabs.
1	Check in took forever. 5 people at the front desk, one was on the phone, two were training or counting papers or something, 2 actually checking people in. It was also a weird experience as the employee's are in a pit below you and you have to bend over to a 3 foot table to sign forms and whatever.Rooms in the Paradise tower are very cool looking and appear clean, but upon inspection there is dust EVERYWHERE.. I ran my finger across a picture frame for 12 inches and pulled off a 1/2 inch thick wad of dust.The biggest gripe I have is that the largely consists of local turds, jersey shore posers and rocker wanna-be's.. Luckily most of them hang out at Pink taco, but a much lower end experience than what you would get on the strip.Back to the rooms, the cleaning / catering staff (in room) is severely challenged. When I got to the room, i noticed the mini bar was only half provisioned and the tray that electrically holds cookies and nuts was missing over half the entries.... I thought they may have just run out.... Nope, next morning, on TV bill, I not only had an entry for a movie (3 total, i watched 2) I didn't watch but a bill for 3 food items...WTF.. I called to the desk below and complained, and they were emphatic this gets restocked every day... I called bullshit but they didn't care..And lastly, unless I saw this with my own eyes I would have called bullshit. My buddy was checking into his room.. The door opens, and what does he see, a woman on her knees (on the floor) getting banged by a dude... These are electric keys so it couldn't have been the wrong room but obviously the top of the house isn't talking to the bottom....I would have liked to return here for a concert but honestly, Mandalay is much better. I liked the quaintness and the seclusion of this place but the front desk check in, the rude locals, the dirty rooms and just the general disregard for client happiness makes me wonder how i could possibly consider it.
1	How is this hotel still in operation? By far the worst hotel still left from the old Vegas era. Perhaps this hotel can be torn down and moved to Reno or better yet New Mexico desert.The staff stole my wifes bikini bottoms!!! Oh and someone left a terd in my hotel room toliet with the toliet brush still in it!!! .... As if it was me...ya, like I would carry a toliet bowl brush with me in my suitcase, would use the bathroom and then not flush?! WTF...seriously. I left the sign out not to disturb/no houskeeping and that exactly the opposite of what happened. I awoke to some maid riffeling through my open suitcase. She said it was in her way of cleaning and that she was moving it out of the way. After speaking to the front desk, they said they would get us free VIP passes to their stanky run down club. Has anyone seen this 'nightclub'? OMG what a joke.Run! Far away and dont look back. Did I mention I saw pest control in hazmat suits going into an apartment 3 doors down? Yikes. Scary
4	Poker review:Don't let the lousy lack of a decent poker room at Hard Rock fool you.  There's money to be made at these two (that's right, usually only two) measly tables crudely roped off forming a make-shift poker "section" (in lieu of the old poker "room").Hard Rock used to have a great poker room; big leather seats, moody lighting, and tons of cash on the table.  But for various reasons (rumors) including (but not limited to) corruption, they broke up the room and moved the tables out to the casino floor.The poker players are now subject to the drunken riff raff coming to/leaving Vanity (the nightclub) or Rehab (the pool party).  The floor man and dealers themselves will tell you yes, the old poker room was much nicer; but the number of drunken amateurs who plop down in the new spot make this half-assed set up actually worth it.The poker "room" (I use this term loosely) is both awesome and train wreckish.  Fun!TIP: Sign up for the Rockstar Club card to earn about $1 an hour in comps.
1	We reserved a celebrity suite a month prior and had requested the pool table in the room.  We were having a party.  When we checked in they said that was no longer avail., O.K., bummer but what can you do?  Next they said the room wasn't ready yet so we went and had lunch came back at 3:00 room still wasn't ready.  I guess someone threw up in the suite the night before and they were shampooing the carpets but couldn't get the smell out.  The front desk person said they would talk to the manager and try to upgrade us.  She came back and said there were no more suites avail.  I told her someone form the Hotel had contacted me the day before asking me if I wanted to upgrade, they were clearly lying.  I did get the upgrade.  The next day I was to move to a standard room and was told it wouldn't  be ready until noon.  Not a problem, my husband and I went down for breakfast only to come back to being locked out of our room.  It too a half an hour for them to let us back in.This hotel is a glorified dormitory.  Drunk girls EVERYWHERE.  One girl was throwing up in the hotel hallway.  The rooms are disgusting.  I feel so sorry for the housekeeping who have to work at this hotel.  It is just damage control.I was told by an employee the on Sundays (Rehab the pool party) makes more on that one day in alcohol  than the entire hotel does in one week.  By the way that was so difficult to watch as I was waiting for a taxi at valet these people STAGGERING drunk out front from their day of drinking at Rehab.  There are ambulances in the back parking lot every Sunday just dealing with the dehydration and alcohol poisoning on Sundays.The one think I will say is the the bellmen and valet were very helpful and nice.  The food at the 24 hour restaurant was very good.We will NEVER stay here again.  It was vile and disgusting.I agree with Rico, it should be moved to Reno or Mexico. It give Vegas a bad name.
5	My girl and I came to Hard Rock hotel for the Snoop Dogg concert.  We had such a great time that we both agreed this was our best stay in Las Vegas so far.  The Rehab pool was great, and even though the drinks were overpriced, the pool areas more than made up for it.  The staff was friendly, including security.We were able to get our food, entertainment and pool (Rehab) without having to venture out to tourist traps on the strip.  We only went out for dinner to a different hotel once.  Also, escaping Las Vegas was easy as the hotel is a quick ride over to the freeway, unlike a lot of the hotels on the strip.
3	On a random night my boyfriend and I decided we needed a little road trip and ended up stopping in Vegas. Since this wasn't a planned Vegas trip, we decided to stray from the strip and got an awesome deal on a room at the Hard Rock. Such a great deal that we decided to extend this unplanned Vegas stop 2 days.The first night we were in a corner room in the Paradise Tower. We were assured this was one of the best rooms, since it has windows on two walls and is extra spacious. The windows were awesome. They even had black out curtains that were controlled by a device on the wall, so that was fun. On a first look, the room looked really awesome, chic, and stylish.Upon further inspection, however, the room appeared to be old and decrepit, just hiding all that ugliness under a splash of paint and some new furniture. But seriously, the room was falling apart. The awesome iPod player? Didn't work. The sweet, electronic black out curtains? Falling off their hooks. The furniture? Showing signs of age, wear, and tear.My biggest peeve about the room was the poor design of the bathroom. I understand that the corner rooms are wheelchair accessible. Great. But if you are going to have a shower that makes space for a wheelchair, please have a door that shuts, or something, because otherwise the shower floods the whole bathroom. The second night, due to consistent problems with our room, a very gracious person at the front desk upgraded us to the HRH Tower. I was expecting more of the same. WOW. Totally wrong.Every room in the HRH Tower is a suite! And the epitome of chic! Wet bar area, gorgeous couch and flat screen, a touch screen panel that controls music for the whole suite, lush California king with another flat screen, and a HUGE bathroom with jacuzzi tub, OH MY! Seriously. I was in love.I would DEFINITELY stay in the HRH Tower again. It was so awesome I didn't mind being off the strip and it is actually reasonable as far as suites in Vegas go. So if you feel like being spoiled on a budget, it's definitely an option. If you aren't springing for the suite, however, look elsewhere, because there really is no other good reason to stay here.
2	I was surprised at the quality of the Hard Rock. The halls to the restaurants and stores give off an old, need-a-makeover vibe.  Where is their money going? The casino and area immediately surrounding the casino look nice and kept up, and the "beautiful people" add to the dressed-up appearance. But elsewhere I felt the place looked run-down. We went to the pool for the recent reggae event.  My friend told me that when celebs perform at the pool and you see the area on TV, it looks very nice.  In person, I was underwhelmed. The pool itself looked fine, but the water isn't heated so the swimmers were freeeeezing, which was pretty amusing.  The extra-sized "chaises" looked cheap and worn, though they were comfortable enough to relax on for the couple of hours we were there.  The cabanas were pretty simple with very cheap-looking seating. They are wired and contained a flatscreen TV on some wooden furniture. Some people turned on their TV and had it playing loudly during part of the concert, and they weren't even in the cabana. RUDE.Outside the cabanas were overhead misters- at least in front of some of them.  I would not have spent the extra money for a cabana- they were absolutely nothing special.   Sprucing up the seating areas and updating the colors and fabrics would do a lot for this area because design-wise, it's not a horrible space. The view is better after dark, when floodlights of changing colors highlight the hotel, and a roving spotlight livens up the place. After dark you can't see the worn out, uninspired furnishings.  The people there for the concert leaned towards young, so there was some roughhousing and, shall we say, "poor etiquette" amongst some of the crowd, but nothing ever got out of hand or particularly unpleasant, outside the strange TV incident. The sound system was great and the stage was easily viewable past the standing crowed, even from the cabana area across the pool.Security could stand to learn how to treat customers. Some of them looked sloppy, and did not come across as professional.  We were allowed to enter the pool area after showing our tickets, but then another security guard rudely (with a condescending smile) told us that if we didn't have wristbands, we  needed to "go right back out those doors".  We didn't need wristbands. I don't mind mistakes, but don't be a jerk.I wasn't impressed enough to want to come back to the Hard Rock.
4	Didn't stay in the hotel but from the casino to the clubs, it is a good place for younger people rather than old. It is just the energy that I get off from the casino. Also a little out of the way from the strip that can be a plus for a little privacy without too much hustle from drunk tourists.dp
3	You can blame me for my high expectations but I was not impressed. I was so excited to stay at this hotel, I even rebelled against staying at the "recommended" hotel for my work summit that was across the street. First of all, the check in took forever. There were over 4 front desk agents and the line just didn't budge. The system is pretty poor, there were little gaps on the side where other people could just walk up to a front desk agent and avoid the line. I actually got cut off by someone that aggressively approached the desk that wasn't in line. The place was under construction, so it was loud from that, not from all the normal Vegas casino ruckus. The construction staff (I know this doesn't reflect on the hotel) was inappropriate, doing animal calls at me as I was walking by or trying to talk to me. Not appreciated. The room though, was fairly nice. The decor was adorable and my room was spacious. I had a king bedroom in the Casino Tower. Enjoyed it! Surprisingly quiet even at night. The room was clean, the bed was extremely comfortable and the amenities were very Hard Rock-ish, loved it. I ventured throughout the hotel but I just wasn't as impressed as I was expecting to be. It's a lot smaller than I had imagined. The slots and tables were pretty crappy, I won a lot more on the machines on the strip than I did both nights I was there!
4	Even though the single deck blackjack only pays 6:5, the table isn't hidden in some weird corner. I came out wayyy ahead playing this game till the early morning. Good times.
4	The staff makes the place, old Vegas - Rock and Roll style. Stayed in the original tower - room overlooking the pool and loved it! Sexy cozy decor - easy access - definitely staying again. Be prepared for the noise and fast vibe downstairs - takes about a day to get used too.
1	Never staying here again. The Rehab pool party was going on while we were here and it was such a mess. Not my scene.
5	Stayed at the hard rock for a vacation w/ friends. I so enjoyed this hotel. The pool is a great scene and it had plenty of available chairs during the weekdays. The rooms have such fun decor and the staff (although appears very vegas) was always helpful and polite. We grabbed quick bites quite a few times at the Pink Taco onsite and i really enjoyed the Cal-Mex fare they offered. We also grabbed lunch at the cafeteria a couple of times, but nothing stands out about the food there. Our stay also included passes to Rehab Sunday w/ seems to be a hot ticket in town. The hotel was a bit distance from the other hotels that seemed to have all the other attractions but we were able to cab it there without any problems. The front desk staff here is just great to us!
4	The music alone is reason to come here. It's got a "younger vibe" as described by other reviews, which, isn't always cool if the "metal mulisha" crowd isn't  your thing, but even so, it's a great theme for a casino. The hotel rooms are pretty cool, more style than the basic Vegas marble & weird carpet. I recommend checking their specials, they have pretty good deals that combine a show & room. Vanity (the latest incarnation of their night club) is very cool. All in all, if you're younger, or just think you are like me, you'll have a good time. It's not gigantic like the other properties in Vegas, which may be why I like. Plus, everyone should experience Rehab (their pool party on Sundays during the summer) once.
1	We got some sort of deal to stay in a room in the original tower.  After a 2000 mile motorcycle road trip staying in motels in random towns, I was ready for my splurgy hotel.  I expected all the glitz and glamour Vegas has to offer with our HRH room.  Like most things in life, I should've lowered my expectations, because I was sorely disappointed.  Atmosphere:  More or less my thing.  Definitely not my bf's thing.  Too loud, too wild, and too crazy for his liking.  I liked the decor, it was sleek and modern.  I thought the sexy catalog on the bed was cheap and tacky.Room:  Clean modern lines.  White, black and red motif with a big comfy bed.Service:  Good and bad.  Either way, our problems were dealt with quickly...but not throughly.  Let me explain.After hauling up a motorcycle trunk all the way from self parking (how do you valet a motorcycle?) I was happy to be in our room.  Until we realized how dirty it was.  There was still dried red puke surrounding the toilet.  EWW.  A call down got us an upgrade to a room in the new tower.  I wish they would have sent someone to help us with our luggage, I mean, it WAS their fault.  We lugged our three trunks back down and across the hotel to the new tower.  The lady had promised that we would love our new upgraded room.  We loved the room.  We didn't love that it was a smoking room and there was ash everywhere, even in the shower!  I didn't call again, we just dealt with it.  Toiletries:  Great items.  I can't quite remember what kind they were, but they were great.Overall:  I can't respect or recommend a hotel that doesn't clean their rooms well.  Seriously, it's gross.  Stay for the party party atmosphere, then go somewhere else and sleep.
5	Amazing place to stay especially the newest edition to the hotel. Club was rad too. Cheapest drinks in all of Vegas and bottle service too. Lots of fun down here. No dramas, all good times. Highly recommend.
4	I was just there this past weekend and overall, I enjoyed my stay here. I got a great deal from hotels.com. I had a mountain view in the Casino tower. I loved the theme of this hotel!  I loved seeing all of the music memorabilia around the hotel.  This is what pushes my rating to 4 stars.  But there were some definite likes and dislikes:Likes:Arrived 4 hours before normal check-in time and was able to get a room since it was available for no extra charge!Bed is super comfy!!!Theme is awesome and consistent throughout the hotel.Small--it is so easy to find everything in the hotel!Pools are very nice.Never had to wait long for the elevator at any time of the day. For the Rehab fans, they offered half price tickets for hotel guests!Balcony doors opened up for some nice fresh air!Majority of the staff were pretty friendly--minus the one d-bag who wouldn't let us walk past the cabanas area to get to the walk-way for the other pool instead making us walk alllllll the way around!Dislikes:I was in a smoking room, but didn't have an ashtray.I asked for a list of restaurants or a map of the hotel but was told it was in my room and they do not have one--guess what, there was none in the room!!The resort fee--I only used the internet, and even that kept acting up so I just used my own phone wifi.  The remote for the TV would only work right in front of the TV.The desk chair in the room was seriously worn out!Could not get a drink when I was at a slot machine--I was across from a black jack table, and the waitress (who told me she only works the tables) told me another waitress would be by to get me a drink, but an hour later, no one ever showed up!Lines at the front desk were always long.There wasn't always someone available at the conceirge desk.Too many Pauly D wanna-be's running around yelling "Yeah Buddy!!" (note--I love Pauly D!)I was not a fan of the restaurants.  Went to Pink Taco, and it tasted like Pepe's!  Nothing special about the food for what you are paying for.Luckily, I rented a car (which was super cheap through Pricelines name your own price!).  I was able to save a lot of money on food by going to local spots and eating at fast food places.  I have been to Vegas plenty of times so I liked staying off of the strip for once.  I went to the strip when I needed to (for a show and for a club), but other than that I toured around town at my leisure in a convertible!  Although it's not perfect, I would definitely stay here again!Money saving tip: If you do rent a car--drive down Flamingo road away from the strip and you will find a grocery store (Food 4 Less) a few miles down where bottles of liquor are SUPER cheap (even cheaper than a liquor store) and you can load your room with cheap drinks and snacks.  Plus you will find many restraurants and fast food places along the way! Also, avoid going to any drugstores (i.e. CVS or Walgreeens) on the strip if you can make it to one off the strip--huge difference in prices!
3	The room was a great bargain. We went through Hotel Tonight and got a very low room rate. Wonderful bed, bathroom, and furnishings throughout. BUT... The hotel is a very long walk from the strip. We took cabs. And although the pool is amazing, the overall feel of the hotel is that of an elaborate frat house. Lots, and lots of college age dudes, shirts off, flip flops, baggy shorts, caps on backwards, talking loud and looking for a wild time. If you are one of those guys, you're in heaven. If you're not, you want to get away from them. In short, go for a great room at a great rate, but don't expect elegance.
3	I give this hotel 3 stars because the management is so gracious and accommodating. however, some of the people who work here are a little snobby. the rooms are beautiful. this hotel has one of the best pool areas i've seen. i read that Conde Nast rated it one of the best pools in the world. it's basically set as a beach, with sand, rocks and palm trees. they also have an awesome water slide. there is a performance stage with a dj. on the weekend, it turns into "Rehab" which is a 21 and over pool party/ club. then guests who don't  want to party/ or are under 21  go to "Nirvana" the other pool, which doesn't have a jacuzzi. (sigh). cool place if you're single or don't have kids.
3	Why only 3 stars? Comparisons - I've stayed at almost every hotel on the strip so I have an idea of what LV hotels are like. The positives the room is very nice, the bedding mattress and pillows are some of the nicest I've ever had in any hotel except maybe the Portofino Bay Hotel in Universal Orlando.  Big bathroom with double sinks. Negatives - No security keeping strangers out of room towers. Anyone can roam the floors with no security in site. Nobody checking that you at least have a room key before you enter the HRH tower. Also from the pool level anyone can access the rooms from the elevator on the second floor which should be card access only.  On the pool level inside the hotel there were unconscious teens spread out on the sofas. Not what I would expect to see. in the middle of a weekday afternoon. If you're staying here make sure to ask for the Paradise tower and not the HRH tower because it's a long walk across the entire hotel  and casino to get a cup of coffee. There are more then enough good hotels in LV to stay at that don't have these problems. I wouldn't pick this one again
3	Hard rock and heavy metal gambling nirvana in Vegas. Listening to Slipknot, Bad Company, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Jimi Hendrix while playing blackjack rules!I have been to the Hard Rock on many occassions while in town on business and pleasure. Though I have never stayed in a room overnight here I have used the facilities to dine and gamble at multiple times.As a lover of all things metal and hard rock walking into this place is like entering a musuem of my favorite things. Every wall is covered with rock band memorabilia, cases contain all types of rock star oufits and mementos, guitars hang everywhere, videos are playing, and classic to current rock and metal is blaring over the loudspeakers.There are usually some lower limits on the table games and it's not too hard to find $5 and $10 blackjack here. GoGo girls dance on stripper poles over the table gaming area adding to the rock aura of the place. Waitresses in skimpy outfits come around to serve up drinks. There is a new tower and gaming area that adds even more slots to make a deposit of your hard earned cash. It's a fun place to play at, but I always found the slots to be tight, while having much better luck on the table games. Sometimes it's better to play some video poker at the circle bar over a few drinks while listening to good tunes.Restaurants like Mr. Lucky's and the Pink Taco offer up decent to pretty good eats, while the "Rehab party at the pool" can best be described as a human petri dish of bodily fluids. Taking in a concert at The Joint is always a cool experience, along with after partying at one of the bars or on the casino floor. The Hard Rock is a place to party down, soak up the scene, and be seen.One of these visits I will actually stay here overnight for a few days to get the full experience, so for now, three stars.
1	I am currently staying at this hotel and I went up to my room and found a drunk girl in there. I called down to the concierge and they told me she was checked into our room by mistake. They gave us minimal compensation and they have several hidden unexpected fees. They are located about a mile off the strip, which would be fine for a reduced price, but this place is not worth it. I will never stay here again.
5	Dear two story, two bedroom, two bathroom Spa Villa at The Hard Rock,Even though we barely make it out alive every time we visit Vegas, you were super sexy chic. Your sexy decor, plush beds, lighting, clean lines, jacuzzi on the patio with a large flat screen was hot and begged to be skinny dipped in. Black and white pics of Fallout Boy on the wall? Charming. When I was upstairs, I couldn't hear the shenanigans happening downstairs. Good on you for soundproofing very well. You're so modern and stylish. Definitely a swinging shag pad, baby. Oh, and room service came really fast. Bang on. You delivered.  Glad we happened.Meow.JJ
4	June 1, 2011I hate that I have to log on to yelp to complete a review instead of just doing it from my phone! So this review is a bit late. Sorry.Not my first time here and not my last! I even head to Hard Rock In San Diego! Came and stayed and  definitely played! We had a great time and had a good experience. From check in to check out. The service was quick and helpful. Rooms were clean, and roomy! Have to love a comfortable bed!! We went to the pool (REHAB!!!!) , night time at Body English & The Joint!  and had a few bites to eat as well (Mr. Lucky's) in the wee hours of the morning. I only wish each room had a kick'n sound system! That's all I would add, that way you can get the day started right with your tunes!
1	I have been to Vegas many times and this was by far one of the worst hotels you can stay at in Vegas! The only reason I'm giving it any stars is because the bed and pillows were nice. That's about it. I have a very long list of what went wrong for my fun 30th Birthday weekend.First, most of the outlets in the room didn't work. There was no lights in the bathroom and the phone didn't work. Also, we had no toilet paper in the room and when we called to have them come fix everything and bring toilet paper. No one ever showed up. I had to go to the front desk and ask them to send us toilet paper. When it came time to dine at Mr. Lucky's for breakfast, it took about an hour and a half for our food to come. The customer service in this hotel was so bad. I couldn't believe it.When it came time to go to the pool. The first made us get in line with everyone else. Then they told us guest had to use another door. We walked all the way across the casino to be told we had to go back and get wrist bands. Then we did and they wouldn't let us in that door with our bags of sunscreen. We asked the front desk what door hotel guest had to go to and they sent us to do door that was not letting anyone in the pool. Finally we find the right door after about 1 hour of trying to figure it out and by the time we go to the pool there was NO place to sit. They told us we could get a cabana for an additional $500. I asked for the manager and when the pool manager came over, I told him I wanted to speak with the hotel manager and he told me he couldn't call her. I had to get up, walk all the way across the casino again and wait about 30min to speak with her. She did give us $200 towards our cabana, but we still paid $300. I couldn't believe it. Although, Dino at the pool is AMAZING and he was the only one that felt bad about what was going on and took some stress off of us.All in all, it was very stressful and everyone in my party was getting upset. We spent a good $10,000 on everything there and should never have been treated the way we were treated. I will never stay or even go to this place again, no will I ever use any Hard Rock for work or personal use again. There are much better Hotels in Vegas!
2	Ehh, it was alright. Much better choices closer to the strip.
3	A well themed resort with mediocre service.***ROOM***I was happy with our pool-view room in the Casino tower. Our standard room was pretty spacious (500 sq. ft.?) with a few noteworthy amenities: an iHome and a bed as fluffy as clouds. The room could have skipped out on the portrait of some rockstar, who kept freaking me out each time I caught a glimpse of it.We booked the place with the intention to recuperate from our weekend at EDC. Instead, I felt like we were part of the Rehab party. We were fine with that too... it kept the party going. Even with our balcony door closed, we could still feel the vibration of the bass from the pool party. :)***SERVICE***Before even entering our rooms, I had already received subpar service --My hotel package came with a comp bottle of hard A + $40 food and drink credit. While checking in, the receptionist was ready to send me on my merry way with just the room keys, until I had to ask for my vouchers. Though he corrected the mistake, he seemed the least bit apologetic, and even judgmental, like I was freeloading off them... um no! just asking for what I paid! I would not even have to ask if I had received it in the first place!The second day, we slept through "Tidy Up" time, so I called Guest Services to replenish our tissues, amenities, and towels stock later that night. Housekeeping came 10 minutes later with towels, and a bag with two sets of amenities, but minus the soap. I never saw the box of tissues either D: I guess I'll be better prepared with my own amenities next time. ***OVERALL*** Great view of the pool and back of the strip, especially at night, but this is the last time I am booking a standard room here on my own free will. I would be open to staying at a HRH Tower Suite on a future visit. From pictures, the Suite looks similar to the ones at Vdara. Note: Stay away from this resort if you are looking for peace and quiet  in Vegas. :)
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!! STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am going to start this review by saying that I hard to please and very opinionated. When I love something, I will say so, but when its bad, I will scream it!  I dont write reviews often, but it must be really bad or really good for me to post! I am very sincere about my experiences. just an FYI. THIS WAS WORSE THAN BAD!         Checked in at Noon yesterday, room was not ready. They sold me an upgrade to the new HRH suite tower. Said they would call when ready. I called at 2:23pm cause had not heard, room still not ready (an entire tower of rooms and not a single 1 was available?) Finally at 9pm I went to hotel and got in room. Went down and gambled (dealers friendly- only plus). When got back to room...EVERYTHING went bad! Ready??? There were HAIRS in the bathtub- long black hairs (I am a redhead btw), couch was covered in black spots, there was no batteries in the tv remote, half the bathroom lights did not work, phone kept beeping til unplugged it (so couldn't call down to guest services and complain about everything and since was almost 1am didnt want to go down and bitch as it was late,) and the kleenex box was dead empty.         The WORST thing.... oh my god, I shudder thinking about it.... the next am, after sleeping on the right side of the bed, woke up and pulled back the comforter.............there were BLACK pubic hairs and rocks in the bed under the comforter, all over the bed. I am a redhead, they were NOT my hairs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WAS SOO SKEEVED OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Each thing adds up, but all of it means they did not clean room, check the electronics nor care about customer service. I went down and spoke with someone in VIP services, and they did not CARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Other stuff happened as well, was told that days food and drinks would be taken care of and a manager from hotel would be by our cabana at pool to talk to me....NEITHER of these things happened! I have pictures...... they will be sent to channel 13 to investigate..... Also- checked out 24 hours early, thats how bad it was!!!!!!!!   All I can say is....................STAY AWAY! Visit the Palms or Bellagio or Cosmopolitan for a much better higher end experience!!!!!!!!!
3	We stopped by to visit the gift shop and stroll through the casino and view the rock memorabilia. Less crowded than the strip but a bit more smokey than some of the other casino floors.
4	This was my first time visiting Las Vegas and I had a blast! We checked in on Thursday by 4 pm, as soon as we walked into our room it felt as though the A/C had been turned off. We had to call the front desk because it was not getting colder, she sent someone up and in about 15 minutes the A/C was working again. We were able to get into the Saturday pool party and the Vanity night club for free since we were guests. Both of which are great for young adults such as myself. I totally recommend this hotel for the young crowd ages 21-35 or so. If not, you may feel out of place. Lots of bachelorettes and bachelors in the house which is very expected in Vegas. Overall it was a great experience... only downer is that they charged me at least $20 per day as a resort fee, in addition to the total price paid on priceline.com. But in the long run it was waaaayy cheaper than hotels on the actual strip and the drive is not too far away. Oh yeah and complimentary valet!
3	Can't speak to the hotel as I've never stayed here but as far as a casino goes, it's ok.  Being off the strip, the tables are a little (not a lot) more reasonable than those on the strip itself.As is my beef with most casinos, the smoke here is treacherous.  I swear to God that they have someone following me around blowing smoke in my general direction just in order to get a reaction out of me.  Well, other than this review, I'm not biting.HR is smaller then the monsters on the strip but that is not to say that it has an intimate feel to it.  It was very crowded on a weekend night.  Apparently the crazies who decided to avoid the strip decided to show up here.The staff here is friendly enough but there is absolutely nothing that wows me about this place.Haven't eaten here but there are plenty of places to choose from.
2	I'm probably between a 2-3 star rating on this one.  GET OFF THE FENCE AND CHOOSE A STAR SCHMMAMIT...So, I settled on a 2.Keep in mind, I think anyone that spends time in their hotel room in Vegas other than the Triple S (shave, shit, shower) combo is beyond words.The Pros - Decor is top of the line.  Everything in the place is interesting to look at.  Even the elevators have interesting song lyrics on the railing type thing - "Take me down to the paradise city...", etc.The beds are like sleeping on a cloud.  They have so much fluff, you almost hate going back to your bed - I said ALMOST...There are tons of snacks and drinks in the room that, if you don't mind whoring yourself out to pay the extreme costs for, you can enjoy....yeesh!The view is really cool.  We scoped out the pool scene before heading down so that we could find a spot.The Cons - This is the biggest one - Pay Attention....You are a mile from the strip.  Forget about walking anywhere.  You're going to have to have/rent a car, or pay a cab, etc.  This is a huge....I said HUGE pain in the rear.  You pay a lot for the hotel, the flight out there, the food, etc.  Instead of putting the money into a rental or cabs, just pay a few bucks more and stay on the strip.  You'll thank me later.Honestly, the rest of the cons don't matter.  In my opinion, being so far away from everything was it., but if you're really interested in things that don't matter...here they are:There is literally a sign in the mini fridge that reads if you put your personal belongings in there, they won't stay cold.  WHAAAA?  How the hell does that shit work?  So the crap that's in there is cold, but if you put something in, it doesn't get cold?  How does that work?  WTF?  Is there like a heat seeking laser in the back  that seeks foreign warmth and destroys?  The shower, while interesting to look at, has cracks in the door.  READ - After your shower there is water Effin everywhere!  Think it's fun to drop anchor while you're feet are in water?  Me neither.  Disgusting.All in all, that stuff doesn't mean a thing.  The main thing is to find a hotel to crash at so that you can go everywhere else.  Hard Rock is great for the stuff there, but if you want to leave, it's like a major project.  That's not even taking into account if you're a dumb ass like me who forgets shit like it's a bodily function.  My tip is to find a place on the strip and go nuts.
3	This was the first time I ever went to Hard Rock Hotel. The hotel was pretty standard. I liked the music memorabilia and thought the idea of the drum tamarins on the wall were a nice touch. But it did get annoying hearing people bang on them in the middle of the night in their drunken stupor. The best thing I liked about this hotel was rehab. I probably won't stay here again.
1	There was no air conditioning in the room.  We had to leave at 1 AM because we couldn't take the heat anymore!  They charged the full rate for only staying at the hotel for 2 hours!
3	Went on a getaway for the weekend, and my group booked the Hard Rock for the weekend. While it's definitely not the worst hotel I've stayed at on the strip, I don't necessarily think it would be my top choice if and when I go back.**STAFF**Most of the staff are pretty friendly and helpful, which makes everything easier and stress free. If I had a question, needed a cab, or needed to be directed some place specific, they had an answer. The only thing that was kind of annoying was my friend was given this weak drink at the poolside bar, and the bartender told her boyfriend to get her "white girl wasted."**FOOD**The restaurants in the hotel are pretty good as well. The tapas bar, Johnny Smalls, has an awesome pull pork slider, as well as an amazing grilled PB&J sandwich. All of their dishes are small, so it's definitely recommended to do an "all you can eat" option for $25. Lucky's Diner. Mr. Lucky's 24/7 diner is not too bad of a place; everything seems pretty well prepared. I will say this though, after about an hour of eating and heading back up to the room, I had a very upset stomach, and I'm going to assume it was from the food I got at Lucky's. It tastes good, but it's not too great going down.**ROOM**The room itself is not too shabby. I got poolside view, and while it is a nice view, the noise level can get really intense. Thankfully I wasn't in the room during the middle of the day, but dropping in to change, I can hear the DJ (which to be honest wasn't that great), and the level of raucousness. The beds are amazingly comfortable. The bathroom is a joke; the toilet sounds like a groaning space machine, and the bathtub is small and cramped. The room, however, was VERY clean, which is a huge plus.**CROWD**I'm not a huge fan of the "Bro" crowd, so I chose the wrong hotel to stay at. If you're not a fan of young adult men and women falling over each other and purposefully getting hammered in order to "sin in sin city," then you should probably check out some other hotel. It's not so much that people are trying to impress everyone, it's more that they're trying to show that their standards are pretty low, and all they want is a lay for the night, regardless of the quality. Then again, that's the reason why this hotel is specifically geared towards those who are 21+, so expect a bit of crazy drunkenness and over flirtation from a lot of people.**TRANSPORTATION**Hard Rock provides trams that take you to the strip every hour, and the cab ride isn't too bad either, but it's a definite ways away walking distance. The location isn't much of a problem if you're willing to wait for a ride or take a taxi, but if you do, then it'll probably be out of the way for you. It's literally minutes away from the airport, which is nice. All in all, three stars. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the most amazing experience I've had.
5	So I'm writing this review strictly because of the casino hosts. I wrote a review last time about Nicholas Palazallo but this time I wanted to rant and rave about Michael Ferrulli! These guys are just awesome and go above and beyond to make sure their guests are HAPPY. I've stayed at the Hard Rock 3 times this year and I usually like to stay at different hotels but these guys keep me coming back. I used to work in the service industry so I can really appreciate good service when I see it. I love the rooms especially the comfy beds! The pools are great and I kind of like being off the strip.  I don't have to deal with the crowds or traffic. I've always enjoyed my stay here and will continue to be a "happy guest" at the Hard Rock:) Thanks Nick and Mike, you guys truly are the best!!
4	I used to be a fan of the Hard Rock back in the day when it was just one tower and a parking lot. Hadn't stayed there in a while cuz it has been a little over-priced since the remodel. We got a good deal, so we checked it out. We stayed in the new Paradise Tower. The rooms were gorgeous. Very dark, kind of gothic-contemporary. Very rock star. The rooms were also quite spacious.The hotel itself is also beautiful. The pool is AMAZING. Probably the best in Vegas. We couldn't go down to the pool on Sunday because of Rehab, the pool party. But we went down the next morning. It was very relaxing, and clean. Only negative here would be the drinks are way overpriced, even for Vegas pool standards, and we had to go up to the bar because we couldn't get cocktail service up by where we were sitting. Yes it's off the Strip, but it's still quite accessible. All in all, I would stay here again. But I would definitely recommend it for a younger party crowd.
4	Was there for work and won a good chunk of money from slots.    The place a little bit far form the street but the accommodation were very good the room was modern and clean.Pink taco had some food Gym facility was good You can get some great deals for a room off peak season.If you are on a budget pay attention to the deals for food at specific times.
4	Bitchin!We got a sweet corner room overlooking the pool. Rehab/Pool Party thing was really fun. The pool is to die for. Just love the sand... DO NOT love the $30 drinks. :( That sucked big time. I mean, at least they're big. But that just sucks.Restaurants weren't anything to speak of. And only one was open the entire time. That seems to be a common trend in Vegas, which is weird. I'm not sure I'd come back unless I got another good deal.
1	They get ONE star, because the beds and pillows were comfy. but thats it...Here starts my Bitch rant....Well, this is the LAST time we stay at a hotel based on theme!!!! My friends and I always wanted to stay here because it always looked so hip and being music fans, all the memorabilia intrigued us. We got a great deal so we jumped on it. Little did I know the great deal was because this place and the service sucks BALLS!Check in was fairly easy. Deposit was 50 per night which I haven't had at other places but whatever. We came into a hot room. A/C barely worked. No trash can in the bathroom. Who ever cleaned this room was in a rush or just didn't give a rats because she/he over looked the bobby pins and hair clips and boogers on the wall. Boogers you say? Yes we had a Fucking BOOGER collection started off on our wall that some half drunk broski in his two sizes two small affliction shirt must have started on his stay previous to ours. Gross. Toilet paper was almost gone, barely any toiletries. Who fixed our room up? Did anyone at all? Sheesh! It took 3 calls for them to fix our AC and it didn't get fixed I called at midnight on our second night asking when someone was going to come up and fix our damn ac. Which after the fix, didn't really do much. We still were super hot. Time to sleep in our chonies I guess!Check out was a nightmare. We were supposed to be comped out rollaway bed for our troubles and I ended up gettin charged for it plus our deposit and I'm still trying to get that resolved. You would think I would get a free night considering we slept in a sauna but whatever. Of course my extra charges like room service was billed But the credits weren't given back. The front desk can't take care of it, because they are all derp derps... you have to call a different number of course which I'm sure being hundreds of miles away is going to be a pain in the ass. When I finally got a hold of Accounting, the lady was a total CU next tuesday when I explained the situation. Im still waiting on the credits to be refunded. Its been a week. I will call again until I get my money back. They realllllly don't want me to get nasty on the phone. Other than that, the drinks are redic expensive, the beer wenches who fetch you your drinks while you gamble take forever to bring you your drinks if you can even find them. They only saving grace is the go go dancers. But they have those at other casinos. This place is good for the music and the memorabilia. THAT IS IT. Stay away if you can!
1	We will never, ever, ever stay at this hotel.  Ever.I saw a Groupon for this hotel and thought it would be a good idea for his birthday weekend.  The last time we've stayed at a Hard Rock was to attend a concert in Orlando and that experience was really good.We arrive at the hotel and the line to check in was really long.  We were put in a room overlooking the pool at the Paradise tower.  You can tell this hotel has some major mileage on it.  It's in need of a make-over and a serious deep-cleaning.  I had heard the new HRH tower was really nice but I guess we didn't get that option seeing we were using a Groupon.We tried to hit the pool for just a little bit at 4:30pm when we got in.  Most of the pools were busy except for the Nirvana pool which had a couple of places open.  There were empty beer cans and cigarettes in the sand just about everywhere.  When we got back to the room to shower and change, I called the concierge desk to ask about renting one of the daybeds or cabanas for the next day.  They told me "Lisa" would call me back.  Hubby and I then wanted something to drink and we tried to open the mini bar.  Again, we called downstairs and they couldn't open it remotely.  The front desk lady said she'd send up an engineer to fix it.  The engineer never showed up in the 2 hours we were there.  And the Daybed reservation?  Well, Lisa never did call back either.  When we got back that night at 1:30am, I called downstairs and told them I couldn't understand why I never got a call back and I was already pretty ticked off.  I felt like I was at some ghetto hotel and that's not what I wanted for Hubby's birthday.  I got a call back at 8am Friday from the manager and they told us we had a daybed and they reduced the minimum for us.  Now, the only thing I will share is they have a min drink and food order of $500 for the daybeds and more for the cabanas.  I thought we would meet the min they gave us for the day so I was good with reserving it.  We got down there and the DJ was playing some great jams and we started to drink and finally relax.  The pool water was nice and cold which was great given it was 104 outside.  There were lots of people and I can only say that by 3:30pm, the place was a veritable zoo.  Many, many of the people were so drunk that they couldn't walk, and I will tell you that one couple - right in front of us - was "doing it" in the pool.  They thought they were being slick about it but EVERYONE around knew.  There was a group of guys that pointed to them and were busting out laughing.  At that point, we got out of the pool because I was totally disgusted.  I told one of the waitresses and she said that happens all the time.  Yikes.  I can say I took a really long shower that night and I still felt gross.We didn't want to spend a lot of time at this hotel after that and frankly, we even looked into moving from here to the MGM or the Bellagio.  Every morning, the DJ did his sound checks at 9am and basically woke the whole hotel up.  I go on vacation to sleep in and that - along with everything else - made this memorable in bad way.  If you're into the more rank, drunken-mess type of fun, then you'd probably have a lot of fun here.  We like to have fun but I think we're more of an MGM Grand, Bellagio or Cosmopolitan hotel crowd.
3	We stayed here for three nights and got upgraded to a room in the Paradise tower. There was nothing to actually complain about but there are a few things worth noting:The hotel is not on the strip and getting a cab will set you back 10 bucks each way. The shuttle only drops you off at the north end of the strip, a bit of a walk away from all the action. And the shuttle only runs during the day until 5pm on top of every hour.The walk to your room from the lobby to the Paradise tower is quite long.Facing the pool area, the room does get a lot of exposure to the music that plays during the day until the evening. Not good for people who want to get some sleep during the day after a long night out.No fridge in the room, you are explicitly told not to remove any items from the mini bar to store your own stuff.Our room smelled of weed when we checked in. People smoke inside the hotel a lot, this may be offputting to some.I found that the reception was understaffed at busy times.
3	I reserved 3 nights at the hotel for a Monday through Thursday getaway.I bought vouchers through TravelZoo giving me a 240$ suite at 100$ a night!The vouchers, I thought, had a massage included in them and 20$ daily credits intended for drinks at the pool.When I arrived, the check-in process was pretty fast except for the fact that I had to make sure I check-in every day of my stay because I bought 3 different vouchers (not that there was another option available anyhow). We were 3 people. We entered the suite and it was just as we saw on the virtual tour we took before reserving. Satisfactory. There was a large bed, a two-piece sofa, 2 flat screen TV's (which were never turned-on), 2 stereo system for iOS devices (I had an Android device :/ ) and a huge glass-covered bathroom with a stand-up shower and a bathtub.The reason for giving the hotel 3 stars is not necessarily because of bad experiences, it's because of the timing of the reservation.I saw a lot of potential for the pool parties, which we were not in good timing for. The casino was not very young and the restaurant down at the lobby is not worth eating at.A positive is although the hotel is off the strip, there is a free shuttle leaving the hotel every hour towards the strip. The club in the hotel is supposedly good, but we never had a chance to party there.
5	It second trip was freakin amazing. It's now one of our favorite places to go. We refuse to stay anywhere else while in Vegas. Such a good time. Thanks, hard rock! :)
2	This place has gotten dilapidated since it's opening.  My bathroom was moldy, a used condom was on my bed when I walked into the 2nd room they gave me.  I couldn't sleep well in the place and the staff was a little rude.  They lost my clothing at the bell desk, never found it and I left Vegas with a bad taste in my mouth.
1	This place SUCKS! NO CUSTOMER SERVICE! payed for a suite with a king bed and they give me a room with 2 queen beds! After try to up sell me at check in! Classic!
4	Went to Vegas this past week for work. Stayed at the Hard Rock and the room was phenomenal. I had no problems. Only recommendation to the room is to have better lighting inside the shower. The tiles are all black and the light is so minimal. Beds was very comfortable. Wish there were better restaurants. I went to Pink Taco which was ok and service was bad. When I checked in and out, guest services were very prompt, professional and nice. I will def recommend this place. I also went to the Rehab pool party. Had a blast!
5	excellent show with black uhuru!!!!
4	We checked in around 8 at night and the nice lady upgraded our room to a executive suite free of charge. There was a drake concert that sold out when we stayed here. The room is very spacious and modern looking. The room decor was so my style and I slept like a baby on the comfy bed.
2	No seating at the pool. Lots of young kids shouting and cursing in the hallways all night and morning long.   Check service was very slow and with service at Fuel. Pink taco was better than expected.
4	Hard Rock...I wish I knew how to quit you.  Yet you keep luring me back with the offers of comped nights and other bennies that make you practically irresistible.  Your rooms (what little time I spend in them) in the Paradise Tower are clean, well appointed, and the bed is quite comfortable and among the best I experienced in Vegas.  Most importantly, you're so much more relaxed and civilized during a mid-week stay than over the weekend when the "trust fund kids" come to town with mommy and daddy's money in their wallets and vodka and Red Bull coursing through their system.  During the week, for the most part, you can play blackjack without having to sit at a table with drunken idiots that have no clue.  You can actually sleep without being awakened by drunken idiots screaming in the hallway and pounding on guest room doors at 4 in the morning.  You can go to the pool, get a cabana and relax without the fear that people will be taking a piss, throwing up, or copulating in the pool.  Yes, Hard Rock, if you keep those tempting offers coming my way, I'll keep coming your way...but only during the mid-week.
3	Food was good.The staff was a bit unprofessional.
5	Brilliant trip.  Upgraded our room in the HRH Tower and let us in our room at 1030am.  The staff could not have been more helpful and we so accommodating. Even with some of the rowdy clients and guest, the staff always remained as cool as can be.  We were only there during the week.  I understand the weekends get a bit wild.  Lots of choices for food.  Ate at the pink taco, staff was great food was good.  Every morning we ate at FUEL our favorite.  Great coffee and breakfast sandwiches.  Fresh quick and healthy.  We hung out in the Cabanas for 2 days.  Highly recommend it.  Great way to get out of the sun, get some privacy and watch a little TV.  Hard Rock is off the strip which ends up being in your favor.  We were able to get away from some of the the busier hotels.  The rooms in the tower are amazing. Clean, large, and stylish..  We had a light bulb out and they came and repaired it immediately.  Really friendly staff.  I think because they deal with so many tipsy people they are glad to help anyone clear headed and friendly.  Not a place for kids.  Lots of gambling, alcohol and crazy behavior but great for adults looking for fun and great service.
2	Not a big fan of Vegas, but was on the way back from picking up a car in Salt Lake City and tried Hotel Tonight and got a deal on the room...  I ignored my friends that recommended different hotels.  Not being a regular at Vegas, I trusted Hotel Tonight's categorization that said it was on the Strip (It's well off the Strip I found)Check in was convoluted, had to walk through the casino from parking lot to check in,Atmosphere was like a frat house.Room- no coffee maker, everything cost $, the safe wasn't cleared, so I couldn't use it, the ironing board was missing, so I ironed my shirt on the floor, the TV was an OLD LCD that had jacked up aspect ratios that didn't auto sync, so the picture was horrible...Not a good experience, and definitely not worth even the discounted rate.
3	My first trip at the Hard Rock in like 1.75 decades. Wow how have things changed!My room was a little tired with a view of the hotel rooftop. It was older and needed a refresh but who can complain with the $46 a night deal I found on the Internet. I was in Vegas to watch my daughters B-ball tournament over the weekend so I really didn't care about the accommodations.They have the coolest rock & roll memorabilia hanging on every wall. From Slash in my elevator lobby to an old Black Sabbath T-shirt in a hallway. I was overwhelmed looking at all the cool rock paraphernalia everywhere.Had a few hours gambling and didn't feel like playing at the tables but I found this cool game from the movie The Hangover (classic Vegas) Movie, I played it and laughed my ass off. Recommended! 5*****sar game.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=Av55PSgNlbpL4u3iUkS3Ww#UAbReTUYq3JQOrj_ugRw3Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=Av55PSgNlbpL4u3iUkS3Ww#PkafD2kUB1YUuCOI2iuE_wI ate at a couple of restaurants at the HRH  but didn't try the 2 gems. Nobu or 35 Steak as they both didn't fit my schedule. I did however eat at Pink Taco and Mr. Lucky's a few times.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=aUPTGc9oaI5KicIkd4UKFw#aUPTGc9oaI5KicIkd4UKFwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=Av55PSgNlbpL4u3iUkS3Ww#Av55PSgNlbpL4u3iUkS3WwThe day light and night time party here is off the charts, with a rehab pool party  and the Nightclub (Vanity) made me  I wish I was 20 years younger.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nEAoUNf1HrXAWidrwocozg?select=czsviUfChPtKOG4oW8JeKQ#czsviUfChPtKOG4oW8JeKQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nEAoUNf1HrXAWidrwocozg?select=czsviUfChPtKOG4oW8JeKQ#PjF3VTtJGBCexIqzlfI21QMomentos:Door Sign... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#qV5eNyjhfhu6xtZAfIdx_whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#rtBAHdRW2uNZsWZe4iBEHQ Pillow Ads (love aids).....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#F_Mj6A9w3UhtukCOGTS5aghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#HW_Lh0Qc9hfgdF00KZYqqQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#fRDOsPegSJb2EGwvsfI3Awhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_AWhat happens in Vegas???http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_CUV0Er7EEJust because:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlrqaAjBwS4I'd go back!
3	Not a very girl friendly hotel. Why? LACK OF FULL OF LENGTH MIRRORS.Oh there's one on the inside of the closet door, but there's poor lighting where the closet is and not to mention there's some ugly overlay on top of it. You can't see yourself at all! Otherwise the suites are swanky. You can plug your iPod into the wall and jam out to your tunes while getting ready. Couches are huge and comfy. So are the beds.
5	My hubby and I went with 20 friends to Vegas for our wedding. Our entire party stayed at the HRH. We picked it b/c even the bare basic rooms are super cool and there's tons of good deals out there. We were upgraded to a huge suite that turned into the party room/meeting room for our entire group. We ate at Pink Tacos and Lucky's every single day and night, and never had complaints. I was a little worried we were being too loud, but then I remembered where we were! The Hard Rock is for PARTYING!! During the day, the pool music can be loud, but honestly we loved it haha we opened our doors to hear it!!We rented out a cabana for Friday. It was $500 for the day, and split between 15 or so people, that was pretty easy to accomplish. I loved it, but only splurged b/c it was our wedding weekend. It was worth it to have drink/food service and a safe place for our things.My only complaint is that our TV was out during our stay, but when I complained, they removed the resort fee for the length of our stay... so I really can't complain!!
5	Can't say I stayed at the Hard Rock, because I haven't.  This review is only because I was walking through the lobby and out of the corner of my eye I saw DJ Pauly D getting his Headphones and Turntable on the Wall of Fame.  With no security or anything, I was able to walk up to him pretty closely and get some cool pics.  Wife's a huge fan of Jersey Shore and it made her week.
5	Booked the room through the Hotel Tonight App for a really good price and when we checked into the hotel, we upgraded to the hotel suite.  Thank you Asian guy for the upgrade!  The suite was AMAZING!  Huge comfy bed with Green Day pictures in the room, big couch to throw friends on, and a jaw dropping bathroom.  Loved my stay at this place.  As Susy C mentioned in her review, there is a lack of full length mirrors for the ladies but its not too bad using the closet mirror.The location of the hotel isnt too far from the strip and there are some decent restaurants in the hotel and across the way.  The casino is pretty clean and overly smokey.  Will definitely stay here again.
1	Overpriced for a non-strip hotel (and if you want to walk the 1 mile to the strip, it's pretty sketchy). I had the hotel paid off prior to arrival, but the resort fee + taxes for a 4 night stay was $300. Explain that! The "Health Club" is full of old equipment and broken tvs. I tried all the restaurants, and the only one worthy of a return was 35 Steakhouse and Martinis - I gave that place 5 stars. Culinary Dropout was 2 stars, plus another 1/2 star for the pretzel bites. The "free shuttle" to the strip stops at 5, so if you want to spend the day at the pool and evening on the strip, your time is limited. The pool is divided into numerous parts, with the outside bathroom next to the stage. If you don't pay for the wristband to enter that area, then you have to take your wet, sandy self inside the hotel. They do bag checks on their guests like they're criminals. I bought a couple items at Fuel Coffee just inside the doors, but they made me throw it all away before going out to the pool. I could go on an on an on....HRH essentially ruined this trip for me, which in turn ruined my husband's 50th birthday. Our last stay was at the Tropicana which is 80 times the hotel that this dump is.
3	The reception staff is a little on the slow side and it made checking in a really lame experience. The rooms however are awesome and would top that of even some of the more on the strip hotels in Las Vegas. I really liked the decor as you walk through the rock and roll memorabilia along the walls. The layout in this place is a real labyrnth like many casinos so if you're lugging a lot of stuff to your room you could be in for a real walk once you figure out where the elevator is. I thought this place would be a little more reasonably priced for  last minute stop but it turned out with hidden hotel fees at $20 per room so you may be better off grabbing something right on the strip. All in all, I would probably stay there again but not without a substantial discount.
3	I had an AMAZING time here at the Hard Rock!!! My favorite part being the pool. So why only 3 stars?? Well let me tell you.....When we arrive to valet the car, we were standing there for a good 5 minutes and no one was approaching up. When the bell boy comes to get our luggage, it looks like we're inconveniencing him. The arriving process took about 15 minutes, oh and we were the only ones there. When we go inside, we order a drink at the bar. Bartender is rude.Finally, we get into our room. Nice room, but floors feel damp and there's absolutely no toilet paper. It took housekeeping about an hour to bring it up after we requested it. Next day, my cousin rented a  cabana at their amazing pool (it truly is). Our waitress was nice and friendly, but the service was soooo SLOW. I mean, every time we ordered something, it took 45min to an hour to come out. Pretty ridiculous since we're spending so much money on the cabana.  I do prefer their casino because it's a smaller one, but that's that my preference. I still had a blast here though!
3	I was only in town from Friday-Monday AM.  We got out flight and room for $385.  The Hard Rock was well worth the price.  Our rooms were large, clean & had very comfortable beds.  We even got a free bottle with the room!  The casino isn't too large but the bar in the middle is always busy no matter what time of day or night.  They have several good dining options for you to choose from.   The only down side was the distance from the casino to our rooms.  It was a pretty long haul but that was the only negative I saw while staying there.
5	If you get the room at the right price, then the place is hard to beat. Great pool.... cool people staying there. Good restaurants...Nobu and Pink Taco.The Spa is just like the ones in Budapest.... really nice, worth the extra $20.
5	I loved the staff and customer service provided. I booked through Bookit.com and was offered a deal for rehab wristbands. The front desk clerk simply showed her manager, and it was no hassle. I really needed an early check in, and after speaking with 1 or 2 front desk agents at different times, I got just that! Please keep in mind..this was Labor day weekend.I was even upgraded to the HRH tower at no extra charge! I loved the bed and room. I must say that I was a little leery because of the distance from the strip, but the customer service over exceeded my expectations.
4	Stayed in the old original tower and the rooms were a little bit dated.  The place is really fun and really caters to the younger crowd.  Lots of great restaurants and always something going on.
4	I like the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino.  I like being off the strip.  The hotel is always clean and comfortable.  Yes it can take a while at the front desk to check in and out, but that is at any hotel.  The only complaint I have is that the housekeeping staff has given up.  The rooms are always very clean.  But they never check to see that you have all the items in the room you will need such as soap, shampoo, towels, a pen, stationary, pages in the hotel visitor book.  Yes we had to call up for the basics.  We wondered what sections had been removed from the hotel visitor book.   They need to have a quality control person to check the rooms after the staff has made up the room.  Oh and by the way we were not the only ones complaining of this.  When we arrived to check in a woman came down to the front desk complaining of the exact same thing. I will give if five stars once they get the housekeeping issues corrected.
5	Hard Rock is my favorite hotel to stay at in Vegas. I love the rock and roll atmosphere, and the gambling is prime. Vanity is always a good time, as is the pool (Rehab or no Rehab). I only stay at the Hard Rock when I visit Vegas due to the comfort and familiarity I feel with the hotel.  My boyfriend and I are headed to HR at the end of this month and I am excited to try Culinary Dropout - I've heard great things!
1	It's really too bad that Yelp doesn't have a negative star rating because that's what I would give the this hotel.There are three adjectives that I use to describe this facility are rude, inefficient, and arrogant (plus tacky and unclean!)On July 3rd, our Auto Club travel agent made a reservation for us for August 17 through the 19th.  We put the lodging fees on our credit card--had a receipt showing both the payment and the reservation.On August 17th, after driving over 600 miles through rain and lightning storms from Northern California, I went to the front desk to check in for our family.  The clerk looked at his computer and said our reservation had been cancelled on July 17th (and our credit had still be charged).  I was shocked and showed him my receipt and reservation document.  He went to talk to his manager (Matthew) who basically told me that he would do what he could but if his superior said no we would be out of luck (that meant that my wife, daughter, and myself, after paying and making reservations, would have no place to stay.) I became furious because we had paid, the hotel staff had listed the wrong date on the reservation, and rather showing compassion and concern, Matthew showed as much warmth as an iceberg in the Arctic.  When I reacted in anger, he said he wasn't going to do anything that would guarantee us a stay. We then were forced to go find another hotel to stay at for the evening (this at 11:15 pm on a Friday night).I wrote a letter to their CEO almost a month ago detailing what had happened and heard nothing back from him.When it comes to reliability, courtesy, and concern, THIS HOTEL IS NOT A HARD ROCK IT IS A SOFT PEBBLE.
4	Always a good time.
4	Comfortable, and the decor is a modern style.  If you get there at a good time, they might even upgrade your room for free which was a nice thing they did for me while staying there.One thing about this hotel/casino establishment is that it's geared a lot more so towards partying than gambling.   The casino floor is actually not all that big, and you can probably walk the entire slot area in about five minutes along the main thoroughfares.The pool area is spectacular with cabanas set up and a man-made beach.  This is where you'd probably want to party out if you have a chance and that's what you like to do on your free time.
3	Ah the Hard Rock. It was a last minute Labor Day Weekend Vegas trip and we needed a hotel quick! Hard Rock to the rescue! Super comfy beds. Perfect for those 2 hour naps between raging. Amazing shower. Nice flat panel TV that I never turned on. Great mini bar selection. Lighting in the room is a bit dim. But really appreciated those black out curtains. The service here is pretty good. The concierge/bell service for taxis was great. Called late one night and they even picked us up from the Wynn free of charge in the hotel SUV. Shuttle service until 5pm to the Fashion Mall, perfect for heading out to day time pool parties. The folks staying at the hotel were pretty diverse, young to old. Lots of folks headed to Rehab but I spent my time partying elsewhere. Not bad for a last minute room.
4	In terms of the rooms (Paradise Tower), I think their nice and comfortable.  The VIP guest service was very quick with my check-in.  My only grip is that the hotel is pretty far off of the strip which requires you constantly getting a taxi.  Other than the pool scene, Hard Rock is dead, the casino floor is dead and tables are always full, but for me I like the fact that its close to the airport (helps in the event when your friend forgets to set the alarm and you only have 20 minutes before you miss your flight- true story).  I'll be back next year, save my spot at the pool!
3	My dark lords and masters occasionally put me up here. It's not a bad location, there's a bit to do and eat and see in the area. The pool is a destination in and of itself, and you never know what sort of improbable heels and barely covered bodies you'll see in the casino areas. Usually they're worth looking at, and won't require mental health assistance to recover from. The front desk staff are effective and friendly, although it can be hard to hear them over the loud music and casino noise. My last visit brought a free upgrade to a 2Q suite, which made it a much more enjoyable stay. The line can move slowly when it's crowded, especially when you're in line behind  people who have never checked into a hotel or used a credit card before. Speaking of which, the difference between the Casino Tower and the HRH Tower is night and day. Loved the huge bathroom with separate two-person tub and huge shower. Plenty of room to spread out, an iPod dock with touchscreen in the wall, two TVs, and pretty good wired and wireless Internet access. The room I had in the Casino Tower last year was okay, but felt a bit dark by comparison. On the downside, there's no in-room coffee (although you can get a small pot brought to your room for about $6 + $3 fee + 21% gratuity + 8% tax). The minibar and snack tray have sensors in them so if you pick up an item (i.e. to see what's in it, or what it costs), you get charged for it. I was warned in advance so I didn't have this problem, and I'm told the front desk can clear up accidental charges for the $25 two-condom pack. I only got refreshments at the coffee shop (Fuel, I guess) last time, but my most recent visit involved two breakfasts at Lucky's 24/7, the (obviously) always-open diner. If you're alone, they suggest you sit at the counter, and service is intermittent. You'll eventually get served but it felt like I was in the way, although politely so. The coffee was mediocre at best, although the chocolate chip pancakes were very good. If you drive, the parking is copious and pretty easy to get around in. Note that parking in your tower's garage is going to be more convenient than just getting the first spot you can find. I parked one day in the Paradise structure and had to cross the whole hotel to get to my room in HRH. On the other hand, first day I parked in HRH and had to cross the whole hotel to get to registration. My work hotel choice is usually based on what's available at corporate rate when I book, so while I prefer our other hotel for non-upgraded rooms, I won't feel too bad about staying here, and I'll just try to get there early in the week and hope for a free upgrade.
1	1 star for the room which was stylish, comfy and clean. However, this was the worst hotel as far as service that I have ever stayed in! None of the employees are willing to provide assistance. It seemed like they just wanted to do the very minimum to get by and complete their shift. Also, the pool was freezing (even in the 90 degree weather) and closes too early. We were going to take the shuttle to the strip on the first day but noticed a sign that read "7 passenger maximum"; there were already more than 7 people in line, so we walked over to the Taxi line. A member of the bell staff told us the shuttle actually could hold 20 people, so we left our spot in the taxi line only to find out from the shuttle driver that the car indeed only holds 7 passengers. Later on that day, we were at the pool trying to rent a day bed. We asked a guy that was in the pool staff uniform and he told us we had to ask another guy. When we asked that employee about it he said he would help us in a few min. We waited 15 min for him while he was chatting with some other guests and eventually just took a vacant day bed where we hung out for 20 min for a waiter to come by to get our drink order..... no one ever came by. The next evening, I called "In Room Dining". The person that answered the phone, put me on hold for 5 min upon answering without asking permission first. When she got back on the phone, she abruptly told me that the food would take over an hour to arrive to my room. She came across as irritated when I was asking her about cheese options for the burger. The food arrived in 15 min while I was in the shower. When I checked in a few days prior, I asked the employee at the front desk how I would go about printing, scanning, and emailing some documents for work. He said the only way to do this was to use the "Business Center". In the morning, just before checkout, we paid $20 to use the center for just enough time to print, scan and email 4 pieces of paper. The cost was $22. Upon checking out, the lady told my boyfriend that the front desk could have taken care of any computer services for free. We walk out to get the bell staff to hold our luggage while we eat brunch and gamble before our flight. A member of the bell staff asks us " how are you doing today". We answer "Not good at all" his reply is "Oh". We end up taking our bags and spending the rest of our time in Vegas at another hotel. I was not about to give this establishment one more dollar. This is supposed to be "rock star" service???  Everyone is better off staying somewhere where they are thankful for your business and treat every guest with a little kindness.
1	This place sucks, thru and thru.  If your looking to get your money's worth in Vegas at a "High-end" hotel, avoid this place.  I was told something about their M.O. involved making their customers feel like "Rock Stars".  Total BS in my experience.  Before I start, I heard this location went under new management or something, so be warned, it may have changed if you stayed there before.  The rooms are really nice, building is pretty, and some people know what's going on, that's it for the good.  If you don't mind asking for a manager at every hinge, or know the way this place operates to avoid extra fees, go for it.  I was told of amenities in one email, and see separate charges on my receipt for it later.  I find out I have amenities like the spa after leaving when I heard from an employee it's $25 per person.  I go to the business center to make prints, copies, scans, emails and faxes and get charged $25, then find out the same services are complimentary at the concierge desk.  I get TONS of bark about their shuttle service, turns out it only holds 7 passengers.   Perhaps their 20 person vehicle was down since that's what the bell boys and rest of staff tells us they have (but don't know since nobody here knows what's going on, or cares), but if that's the case, don't make your customers be the ones to pay for your down services by having to get a cab because your hype is false.  Seems the staff departments are not on the same page, you ask each department the same question (and in my opinion should be able to be found on a computer under your name), and they will either send you somewhere on the other side of the hotel, or give you a wrong answer, or give you a number your stuck on hold with for 20 mins, or simply be rude and not try to help.  We visited 20 of the casinos in Vegas, walked thru, swam at some, gambled, drank, ate, took photos.  Most were great at treating you and didn't care that we weren't staying at their hotel, they knew if they treated you well, even without a tip, it would ensure their job, reviews, and a returning customer.  The great places of Vegas really do know how to shine.  Be sure to realize that when your there checking it out for yourself.  This place falls many steps short of those standards in my opinion.  Also, I didn't care for the cold pools, most others at least have one pool that's heated.  HRH closes their pool way too early, who doesn't love night swimming!   I know how this hotel works in San Diego, and this Vegas one is totally on a lower scale.  Seems to me these Hotels need to work on meeting the same standard quick, I will never go back to this location until I hear about some major rework.  Perhaps it's the fact that there is too much work in Vegas and not enough worthwhile people to hire there, or the company is willing to hire those who only do the bare minimum, but this place is no Wynn, Belagio, or even Flamingo or Luxor.  This place is Motel Six with fancy looks and great elbow grease workers.  The place was clean, fancy and well kept by looks.  The people who deal with customers at the door and over the phone with bosses over shoulder or on camera with demand for good workmanship, are probably not part of my complaints.  But if you are the type to try to get the full value of your money and stay and a hotel, try digging deep here and you will see, you got a complaint, or question, they don't give a rip.  This place fails.  I definitely didn't feel like a "Rock Star".
4	The rooms were awesome. The bed was super comfy. We stayed here during the weekday so the pool wasn't as crowded as I'm sure it gets on the weekends. There was a DJ outside, the music was great and the drinks are expensive, but you get your moneys worth, trust me.The waitresses on the casino floor and the front desk were very attentive and friendly. They have a good selection of slot machines and they have really good promotions for slot players. I have had bad experiences at other Vegas casinos, just really bad customer service, and hard rock provided top notch ! I can't wait to come back.
5	Dancing girls on pole, hot people, an way cool:)
1	Went in here to check out the memorabilia and lose a little money at the slots on our way to play some KISS mini golf.  Stuff like Keith Richards' Nudie suit, a couple Johnny Cash guitars, a smashed Pete Townshend guitar, etc. were the high points.  This is one of the saddest casinos I've ever seen.  There were all of about ten people gambling.  Seriously.  This was Sunday, so I hear the pool area is packed for their pool party thing and there was a comic book convention there the day before but the place was EMPTY.
5	For the special prices that are readily distributed by HR or other various deals sites, you can't beat the value of staying here!I've always had a great room, great food and drinks, great people watching, great music, and an overall good time here.  This is easily one of my favorite staycation spots!
4	I did a couple's massage here. It was great. I got a regular Swedish massage and my bf got a deep tissue. Both massages were amazing and the shower area is beautiful. They had us next to each other in a romantic room and gave us the choices of four different aromatherapy scents. (I think the extra scent would have been $20/$25, so we declined any of them. It all ready smelled fine in there.) They have a great sauna area and most of what you may need before getting ready (razors, shampoo, combs, etc). Make sure, if you're a local, ask which days they do local's discounts! It makes a big difference!
5	All that needs to be said here is the beds in the HRH Towers are the MOST comfortable beds I have ever slept in.... Seriously was like sleeping on a cloud!!! I never wanted to leave... This will always be my go to hotel from now on when going to Vegas!!! Staff here was also really great and friendlyOur room was HUGE and very well decorated. Very modern and comfortable. We had a huge living area with two big comfy couches and a huge flat screen tv. It has a nice little kitchen with a bar, a nice desk, king size heavenly bed with an additional big flat screen tv. The bathroom was amazing. It had two sinks, a huge tub big enough for two (loved it), a huge walk in closet big enough for an orgy if that's your thing haha, but no it was big with a seat in there, umm heaven? It also had surround sound in the room, where you could hook up your ipod or play their playlists, I loved this!!!! We spent a lot on their casino slots, but we always forgot to use the players card!! Ugh... we didn't win anything though so I wouldn't gamble here again.. just sleep here =]
3	The rooms are good, if you like that East Coast NY metropolitan apartment styled look, not overly spacious, but chic and functional.My biggest advice is to get the "Mountain View" rooms as opposed to any room that faces the pool.  The poolside rooms located near the nightclub are far from soundproof, so you'll hear the BPM's of the thumping bass 'til 3am or 4am, then it starts back up around 9am as the staff preps the pool.  So, if you're a light sleeper and want to have a bit of serenity in your room to relax without feeling you're in a nightclub, then request the Mountain View room.
4	Nice place if you don't mind being off the strip. My only complaint is that housekeeping is not very good.
4	Stayed here over the Labor Day Weekend and loved it. Had so much fun under one roof.Good eateries, great pool, great selection of games & most of all very friendly staff. Hope to stay here again when the chance comes up.
3	Eh...I guess the luster has worn on me a bit, this was a place for years that I loved and HAD to visit during our annual pilgrimage to Vegas.  We did find an amazing NEW restaurant named Culinary Dropout and WHOA - it's incredible.Otherwise - eh.   Maybe it was just the vibe wasn't there that day, not sure.
1	WORST hotel ever!!! So over rated, no one at the hotel has any sort of customer service what so ever...and to top it of the maids steal stuff out of the rooms...they stole my iPad and prescriptions yet the hotel continued to say they were "liable"
2	I used to love staying at the Hard Rock but now it's just worn out. The beds were comfortable and nice but the rest of the room was blahh.. The whole hotel seems to be real "tired". That hotel is due for a remodel or atleast put some new carpet in there. I was pretty disappointed to see it burnt out like it was.
1	NEVER AGAIN!!This was my first (and last) stay at HRH.  I have never stayed at a hotel with such poor customer service before this trip - even Imperial Palace was better!!  That's saying a lot...  This review is regarding a stay the weekend of October 6, 2012.FRONT DESK:A-T-T-I-T-U-D-E!!  The main reason we stayed at HRH was because guests get into Rehab pool party for free and it was one of the last parties of the season.  We called reservations and the front desk before booking the room to confirm that this is true.  So, once we arrived it's only natural to follow up at check-in to see if we would receive some type of pass to indicate that we get free entry... Sally Stick-up-her-A** said "you don't get in for free, you have to pay".  I promptly replied that I spoke with several representatives of the hotel before arriving and they stated otherwise.  She told us that because we were checking out on Sunday we weren't considered to be guests on that date and therefore aren't eligible to get in to Rehab for free.. And she specifically said "sorry doll, I don't know what to tell you".  Ummm, no honey boo boo.. Rehab opens at 10am and check out isn't until 11am.  Our luggage can be held at bell desk without any problems and we're given a claim ticket for it.  I'm technically a "guest" until I check out of my room, which means I have time to go downstairs at 10am, get my free wristband& check out.  If someone would have told us over the phone what this sister-wife did I would have booked a hotel somewhere else and saved the resort fee.  Anywhoo... When I got to the room I called the organizers of Rehab pool party and they graciously put myself and my friends on a free guestlist so we avoided having to pay $30 each.ROOMS:Casino Tower Pool View - not a good value for the price.   We only stayed for one night but as soon as we arrived there were problems.  The room felt smaller than expected and the bathroom definitely couldn't accommodate four girls.   We called the front desk and asked if it was possible to pay for an upgrade to a larger room and we were told that there were no upgrades available.  BLAHH.  And then, after looking around the room we noticed that it wasn't clean.. **There were moths squished/killed on the room walls, live moths flying around, holes in the pillow cases, visible hand prints on the velvet headboards in suggestive positions (EWW), hair in the bathtub and on the sink and floor of the bathroom, rust stains on the floor where water was dripping from the bathroom sink, and after turning on a hot shower the mirror fogged up to show markings indicating that it was not clean as well. We again called the front desk to see if we could possibly switch rooms (same type of room - not an upgrade) so that we can be in a clean environment since we just got to Vegas and wanted to relax. Yet another representative said they could not move us to a different room - even though the room we were in should have been cleaned before we arrived.  Nastiness.. AGAIN, the customer service here is bullshit. REHAB:I've been to Rehab 3 times and this last time was a more relaxed experience.  DJ Pauly D was there and the vibe was fun, even though there was barely anyone at the party all day.  The massive crowds of people filling the pools and cabanas weren't there (the group was about 1/5 of that size).  I liked the fact that there was plenty of available shaded space to sit and relax if we wanted when we weren't in the pool.  If it were the middle of the summer, this wouldn't be the case.  Normally, you are at the mercy of the burning hot sun and need to claim some space in the murky water (this means holding your money in your bikini top and if you have a debit/credit card you NEED to carry ID with you as well - good luck holding onto that for 6 hours after a few drinks).  Food is reasonably priced but the branded Rehab cups are a rip off for $27-$29.  The bartenders fill the 24oz cup with ice and pour 3oz of liquor at the bottom then fill it to the top with a mixer... come on son... My advice is pre-game before you go.CABANAS @ REHAB:*Guys - These are a great idea if you have a large group and plan on staying all day.  Just don't book it directly on the website.  Find a promoter who has a hook up at Rehab and it will save you 1/2 price.  The total can be used towards alcohol, food, water, etc.  Comfy seating with fans, a TV, and safe - TWO THUMBS UP!*Girls - Same deal, if you actually plan on paying for it.  However 9 times out of 10 you'll end up walking around the pool and will get invited to a cabana and drink for free in the shade.  The only other shade is in the bathroom area and by the covered bar which is SUPER crowded with nowhere to sit.  Day beds are a waste of $ unless you're super pale and want skin cancer
4	I must have been in a funk last time I wrote about this place, because I really like it. Rooms are always nice, comfortable, and hip. Front desk girls are helpful, efficient, and upgraded me to one of those HRH rooms! The HRH valet was fast, and I still love the pool. I'd prefer to hear some hip hop/top 40 as opposed to electronica/fist pumping stuff. still loses a star for being a mile off the strip.
4	We frequented this casino plenty of times during our stay for gambling and drinking and eating. We had a great time.This place has a lot to do, even if you're not in the mood to gamble you can walk around and check out the cool memorabilia. Make sure you check out the ghost buster machine (right one) near the restrooms... it pays out like crazy. If you win make sure you send me 25% of your profits! (Kidding)Have fun and rock on!
4	I have heard that Howard Stern and his crew like to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel. The Hard Rock Casino clearly has a visible young vibrant clientele. I did not stay at the Hard Rock hotel. I actually stayed at the Embassy Suites. My business colleagues were telling me about this new type of automated self-service craps machine at the nearby Hard Rock Casino, so we walked over there to see it and gamble. The machine had two very large dice in a plastic bubble that were mechanically activated by whomever was the shooter. Each player has a virtual keypad so they could place their bets. Four of my colleagues sat down at the machine and started to insert their cash into the machine to play. They felt this machine was the closest to an actual crap table. This was not for me, so I walked around the casino floor to investigate other alternatives.   The place was hopping, but, then one of my colleagues was tired and wanted to return back to the Embassy Suites. That is when I remembered I had a 6:30am flight back to EWR the next morning. So we both left together. I left Vegas without gambling or loosing any money. That was a real treat for me.
4	My friend Sara who stayed with me at the HRH called it the Slutty Hotel.  This is a place where the door hangers instead of saying "Do Not Disturb" say "Tied Up" with a picture of handcuffs.  This is a place where you can flip through the room service book and find ready to order sex kits complete with boobie tassels and tickle feathers.  This is the place where your mini bar snack area has stuff like snickers mini's, skull candy headphones and "pleasure" kits filled with condoms and lube samples.  The beds sit very low to the ground.  There are no Bibles in the dresser drawers.Speaking of beds, ohmahgah amazing comfortable!!!  Our beds had goose down comforters and even though Vegas had experienced a cold front in mid-November that put the nighttime temps at 35 degrees we still burned up like an oven under the goose down.  HRH has my favorite bed so far out of every place I have ever stayed in Vegas (and that is a lot of places--including the overrated Bellagio).  There are 2 main towers at the HRH:  The original Casino tower and the newer Paradise tower.  Even though the Casino tower is older I picked it for two reasons:  1.  It is closer to the main lobby meaning you don't have to go on an excursion to get to your elevator like you do in the Paradise tower.  2.  It has french doors that allow you to open up to your un-walkable balcony so you can smell the mountain air or peek out at any neighbors who may have their french doors open too.  Paradise doesn't have that.  Our room was on the top (11th) floor which was nice as we didn't have people stomping up and down on top of us.Which brings up a point: this is a rock and roll hotel.  Though it has lost some of its original luster in later years the Hard Rock caters to the young, rock and roll crowd.  These people may get noisy.  Don't come here for peace and quiet.The hotel itself is filled to the brim with lots of neat rock and roll memorabilia from The Beatles to Elvis to the Rolling Stones.  It is fun to walk around an take in the sights.  Hard Rock also has several restaurants such as Nobu, Pink Taco and the newer 35 Steaks + Martini's plus MORE.  The Joint concert venue is also located inside the Hard Rock and is host to some really great music acts so be sure to catch a show there.  It is nice to be able to just walk from your hotel room straight into the music venue without having to go outside.I want to come back in the summer months and swim in the pools as HRH is famous for their swimming pools.  The rooms here can run from an affordable $40 a night to several hundred a night depending on what is going on.  The Friday night we stayed we were able to do early check-in.  If you need to park your vehicle the parking garage is included in the mandatory $25 a day "convenience fee" the hotels on the strip are now charging.  Hard Rock is not located on the strip so be prepared to walk 3 or so blocks if you want to be in on the strip action.  The Hard Rock IS close though to my favorite dive bar in Vegas where you might be able to catch a local thrash metal or punk band:  The Double Down Saloon.  Enjoy!
5	Great staff,nice rooms,awesome memorablia and decent prices. Only bad thing I can say is its not on the strip but only a mile away and consider it best hotel in Las Vegas!
4	Nice hotel. Friendly staff. Very nice rooms in HRH Tower.Nice hotel, friendly staff. Clean and quality service. Didn't think the casino was amazing though, fairly average.
4	4.5 stars.I stayed at the Paradise Tower last weekend for my BF's birthday and the Guns 'N Roses concert.  It was probably the most beautiful and quietest room I've stayed at for the price.  Yeah, you heard me---a QUIET room at the HRH.  A place that caters to the people you've seen on The Dirty blog and Jersey Shore. The shower is spacious as hell (ADA compliant or ideal for sexy times?  Or both?), and the furnishings are very nice.  The bed is very comfortable and the room is very clean, all things considered.Downstairs, there's a Nobu AND a John Varvatos store.  The birthday boy was very happy about that!!Since we used the VISA concierge service instead of dealing with the HRH staff directly, we got better service.The casino itself is very smoky, so proceed with caution if you've got asthma or sensitive allergies.
4	We came here for Thanksgiving because GNR was in residence in Vegas and I wanted to see a few shows at The Joint, which is located inside the hotel. The overall experience was positive and I would stay here again if I wanted to see a band that was playing at the Joint. BTW, GNR rocks...3 hour shows that you have to see. Axl's voice is superb and the band is tight. You get dancers, Axl, and rock n' roll in an excellent venue. What is not to like? Security in The Joint can be a bit of pain because they are uptight jerks, but that can be overlooked. Overall the room was comfortable and a good deal at Thanksgiving. The hotel is off the strip but convenient to the airport and to many good restaurants that are in walking distance. Plus there is a liquor market across the street so you don't have to pay the inflated prices at the bars inside the hotel. Positives:We stayed in the Casino Tower. Our room was large and clean. We had a mountain view. The room was actually pretty quiet. The king bed was large and super soft. Bathroom was good size and the towels were soft. Overall, a very nice room that exceeded expectations. The gift shop is good. There are ample choices for eating and drinking onsite (though not really cheap). I loved all the rock picts and memorabilia throughout. You can spend an hour or two just walking and looking at everything. There is free parking! Negatives:For some odd reason, there is not a coffee machine in the room. I cannot remember the last hotel where I stayed that did not have a coffee machine or hot water heater for tea. I guess they want you to buy coffee downstairs at the Fuel Express. The bathroom does not have a fan so that after the shower the mirror is fogged...not a big deal but upper end places tend to have a fan. The gaming area is pretty lame compared to the larger hotels and casinos on the strip. The biggest negative is the obligatory "resort fee" that was $22 a day (plus tax), so basically $25 in November 2012. It included wi-fi (which had a good speed so we could watch Netflix movies on the ipad), a notary if you want to get married or divorced, access to the gym, and complimentary printing of boarding passes. I don't really think that it is a good deal.This fee makes me mad. If I did not have an ipad or laptop, was not getting married or divorced, did not want to use the gym, and wanted to print my boarding passes at the airport, the fee would be for nothing. But I would have to pay. There is no choice. We used the wi-fi but at $25 a day it is way over-priced. Upper end hotels charge $14.95 a day for wi-fi, and the choice rests with the customer. This practice of adding obligatory resort fees is dishonest and is a main reason I would not stay here again unless I had to in order to see a concert at The Joint. I can stay at Bellagio and not pay a resort fee. The experience was basically positive but the resort fee is dishonest and would keep me away.
1	I think the security staff thinks they are in Goodfella's.  I would only stay here if you want to get treated like shit.
2	AAAHHHHH!!! Stay away!! If you are on a budget, OK, I get it but before you sit your ass down or lay on a bed... lift up the sheets and check for "remnants" of those that come before you.  I found tons of long black hairs in between my pillows and under my blankets, I also found pubic hair!! Under my sheets AND on the toilet... Seriously, who even has pubic hair that long anymore!?  The manager DID give us a new room but finding the crumbs on the sofa along with the hairs will make me never make a reservation here again.
4	As a hard rocker, this was the logical place for me to stay. I am always finding great deals for this hotel. I booked through Groupon last time I was here and was able to save money for more important things like gambling and booze. I also got 4 free drink tickets at the bar (only used two) and a free dinner at Pink Taco inside the hotel. I checked in quickly and had a hassle free check out. That's about all I could ask for from the staff. My groupon also included some gambling credit, $50 I believe. The card they gave us wasn't activated properly and we were unable to solve the problem due to lack of staff the last night we were there. However, we found someone to help us when checking out, and wound up winning some money in video poker! So after saving a crapload of money through groupon, we won some back too. The hotel has a very cosmo and cool vibe with that rocker edge. The hallway allowed for a sweet photo op. I always  get deals via email for $39 a night. It's a tad bit off the main strip, but totally worth the brief walk.
1	Nice location near the Thomas & Mack, which is within easy walking distance.  I had a suite in the HRH Tower.  The HRH Tower has a separate lobby for check-in with only one (yes, one) person registering guests.  I got lucky as their was no one in line, otherwise I would plan on a huge wait.  My room wasn't very clean.  The lighting fixtures had a heavy layer of dust on the them and the white couches looked pretty worn and dirty.  I can only image what's on them and decided to avoid sitting.  The shower had a pool of stagnant water (probably teeming with bacteria) collecting at the drain.  I definitely recommend you pack some flip-flops.  The in-room safe didn't work.  The coffee at Mr. Lucky's was very good, but the service at the counter was atrocious.  My waitress, the worst one I've had in years, repeatedly disappeared and couldn't be found.  I finally got sick of waiting to leave and tossed some money on the counter and left.  I won't come back.  Dinner at the Culinary Dropout was the only highlight of this one-night trip.  I avoided the Pink Taco, where I got food poisoning 2 out of the 3 times I ate there on previous visits.  Unless you are attending an event at the Thomas & Mack, I wouldn't recommend the Hard Rock.
3	The hotel is nice. We stayed in the HRH Tower. The only reason I am giving this 3 stars is because for 2 nights of my stay the neighbor I had down stairs was loud as hell and I could hear everything in my room. From his music, full conversations, and late night ordeal with a hooker. Not pleasant.
5	I think that The Joint inside the Hard Rock is one of the best venue's to see a concert in. Much more of an intimate setting which I love because the crowd seems to have so much more energy than a big stadium. Love, love,love. I just wanna dance, man.
4	Stayed at the Hard Rock last weekend, and had a blast! Then again, how can you NOT when you're in Las Vegas? However, I don't think I'd stay here again, simply because I'd rather be on the Strip. Not that it's FAR, it just felt a little isolated. Maybe it was the weekend we were there, but it felt like it didn't have the same kind of energy as the other casinos we stopped in. Other things to note:- $7ish cab to the Strip - not bad- $9ish cab to/from the airport- Beds in the HRH Tower Suites, as other reviewers have mentioned, are FREAKING AMAZING- Bathroom is also amazing. HUGE shower, HUGE tub. You know, if you're dirty.- No full-length mirror though? Booooo. - Lots of tattooed men. If you're into that sort of thing. (Guilty.)- Best music selection of all the casinos.VIVAAAAA LAS VEGAS!
5	Great casino and hotel!  Lots of food to eat, lots of games to play and lots of music to hear.  I love the decor....pictures of bands that played there along with memorabilia such as guitars, jackets, etc etc.  This is a happening hotel in the summer where everyone attends the pool parties. Love this place.
5	Nice rooms
5	YOU CAN GO HARD OR YOU CAN GO HOME!!!My friends often ask me: "How do you do it?"This generally takes me by surprise and I reply: "Do what???"Their responses go something like this:A. "How do you go to Vegas 6-8 times a year and you're still alive?"B. "How did you party with all of us until 4am and now it's 9am and you're driving to wine country for the day? WTF?!?!"C. "I want tacos/In-n-Out/Jack in the Box... How are you still drinking?"D. "How do you do YOU??? I want your stamina!"I really only have an answer to A: The HRH Tower Suites! The newest addition tower in the building that houses suites exclusively. They range from small, standard hotel-style bedroom suites with a regular shower & sink bathroom to bigger suites that have a large living room/bedroom divided by a dual-sided flat screen TV enclosure and a bathroom with a giant walk-in shower (wall shower heads and over-head waterfall shower head options) and an enormous bath tub that can fit two very tall human beings easily. The top floor also holds the "baller suites" that have their own outdoor roof top pools and God knows what else. One day, Anna, one day... The HRH suites make me survive Vegas. I can regain energy in the amazing shower, in the large, insanely comfortable King-sized bed, on the big couch, or via a soak in the tub. The suite decor is sleek, sexy, and modern. Large frames housing concert posters or legendary portrait shots of famous singers add the traditional Hard Rock touch. If you are rated at the Hard Rock (i.e. gamble a lot and spend tons of money in the establishment's restaurants), you get free rides to anywhere on the strip or to the airport in their exclusive black SUV limos. The drivers are all super nice, as is the rest of the staff at the Hard Rock Hotel.The Nirvana and Rehab pool areas offer the best of both worlds - chillaxing or going wild. Night club Vanity and concert venue The Joint assure that there's not a boring night in the Hard Rock Hotel. Restaurants like Mr. Lucky's 24-7, 35 Steaks & Martinis, Nobu, and Pink Taco assure that you can fuel up at any time. Recently the Sports Book was renovated and is now a lot bigger than it used to be. The Poker Room here still kind of lacks compared to other casino hotels as it gets little traction and not too many tournaments are scheduled. The HRH Tower Suites are the reason why I can go hard for a while and then I can go home. I'll be back soon!
5	We stayed in the Paradise Tower Dec 10-15th and had a fantastic HR experience. Room was clean, and beds were extremely comfortable. Television is of the  47" LCD flat screen variety w/ one HBO channel and 3 ESPN choices. Request a pool view on floors 10 and above. We had room 31106 (3rd Tower/ 11th floor/ rm 6) and it was steps from elevator and ice machine. Awesome room! As for the hotel restaurants, we ate at Culinary Dropout 2x and food was excellent. Brother Tom loved his fried chicken and I my Italian sandwich. Beer selection was more than adequate and they have a raw seafood bar- think oysters and shrimp. Definitely worth the trip off the strip. Lucky's Cafe served up their 'Gambler's Special' but steak seemed smaller....I might just be getting bigger  though : (  Had a wonderful stay, thank you HR!
4	Firstly, upon walking in, one would think they've been transported to the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame. Upbeat staff, I am a huge fan of the ambiance in the Casino. 1 small thing I wasn't particularly happy about was that is wasn't located on the Strip.It was approximately mile away from the Strip.  I stayed here, the room were great, very helpful Guest Services. _S
1	First off, FEES FEES FEES!  I've stayed in Vegas on numerous occasions and have never paid over what I paid upon room reservation (aside from the once-in-a-while midnight snack fridge grab).  At check out the total doubled that of the rate quoted to me on Priceline.  These fees were for DOWNGRADING rooms, and a service fee.  Service fee which includes use of wi-fi, gym, and "free" shuttle to the strip(which ends at 5pm btw!).  All of which are normally included in the price of rooms at normal hotels.  I ended up paying more for an off-strip, lackluster, dated, and dirty bathroom hotel than I would have if I just got a room ON the strip.  Speaking of dirty, the rooms need major renovating, especially the bathrooms.  I was in Vegas for the Marathon and post-run, all I wanted to do was take a nice long hot shower and feel as clean and comfy as I could get.  Their bathrooms are poorly lit with flourecents, the toilets were not clean and had loose screws, and the countertops were falling apart.    The beds were not as comforatable as the beds in several other Vegas hotels.The staff was un-welcoming and entitled.  And the Casino lacked the "life " and vibe you want when staying in Vegas.Don't stay here...stay on the strip.
4	Ahhh, all Hard Rock Hotels and restaurants are known for their rock n' roll vibes, and this is the father of all Hard Rocks. Located about 1.5 miles off the strip, it is a bit inconvenient - proximity is key in Vegas.The hallway leading in from self-park is lined with original rock memorabilia, including all the rock greats; Elvis, The Doors, Led Zeppelin, Aerosmith and really almost covers the progression of the rock movement. There are numerous signed paintings and it is just a sight to behold. As you enter the casino floor and registration, there is a great John Varvatos boutique and exotic watch boutique. At the elevators is a full drum set used during a world-famous rock tour.The crowd is usually hip and trendy, and there is a new phenomenon of sick rock bands like Guns N' Roses setting shop for weeks at a time. Too bad I missed that:(The pool is the ultimate pool experience in Vegas. During the summer months, it's Rehab Sundays, where all hell is unleashed. With an expansive pool area, there is gaming and a bar in the water, and cabanas equipped with fridges and TVs for those wanting to catch their breath. Rehab is really indescribable and really must be experienced. No holes are barred and complete partying ensues. All other pool parties are playgrounds in comparison.The Hotel staff is super accommodating; we just requested a room change and were given a larger room with a great view of the pool and the strip.If you want a sick rock n roll vibe, great crowd, and best pool in Vegas, Look no further than Hard Rock, unless you want to be on the actual strip.
1	This was one of our worst hotel experiences ever...  We had to contact the hotel desk everyday of our 4 night stay as something was wrong or missing in the room.Rooms used and dirty, you can smell cigarette smoke every where.Our room door did not seal correctly so there was a constant whistling sound. Ended up stacking towels and pillows against it..Would not recommend this place....
1	I didn't stay in the hotel here but I did come in to bet on the sports books and have a cocktail and listen to some rock before retreating back to my hotel. Wish I hadn't. When I went to the sports books I was looking to put money on the Rockets and Cavs and the guy behind the counter laughed at me saying there was no basketball that weekend. A little weird since he's running bets on it. There was another girl behind the counter who was laughing at me trying to bet on basketball to the point of it just being weird. I ended up putting money on the Texans game but really wish I had gone elsewhere to do it. So, gets worse for me. My husband was at a bachelor party for his friend getting married the next day(why we were in Vegas) and I decided to enjoy my first time in Vegas and have a cocktail after I bet. I love rock music and all the memorabilia but, man oh man, the bartenders in the center bar under the globe after you enter last Friday night were just....so rude. When I walked up there was a taller, blondish guy who actually almost seemed mad I was there(they weren't busy anyway, I can see why now) and asked what he could get me. I figured since I was going to watch the A&M game I'd go with my home rooted, southern theme and get a sweet tea on the rocks. So I tell him this and he makes a face at me like I have 2 heads and says "....aaaaaand?" There's more? For one person? I stayed nice and said, "well some lemon if you've got it." Then he just stared at me for a second and said "I need to see your id." I really should have just walked away at this point after not getting a any form of a greeting or at least a polite form of asking what I'd like or to see my ID. He got my drink and just put it in front of me and said "twelve." Heinous price for just one drink but it's Vegas so I said whatever and put down $12. Were I a person who liked to really stick it to rude people I would have put down 12 pennies to make a point. There were other bartenders but the only name I remember was Matt who seemed the least rude out of all and he at least seemed to be in a semi okay mood and was kind of whistling and singing along with the music like I was.. So I was alone my first time in Vegas and could have used SOMEONE with a good attitude while I watched the game so when the guy next to me asked me to swap seats with his friend so they could be together I said okay. After I swapped seats that guy's friend had left his beer and I was nice and let him know it was still over there. It was a fresh beer he hadn't even touched so I figured he'd want it! I joked with them and said ooh you can just leave it with me for swapping and laughed and so did they and said no really, sweetheart, you can keep that we actually can't stay. I told them no and was about to bring it to him but before I could even reach out to snag it as I was standing up( I actually think it was Matt) comes over and grabs the beer without a word and puts it down aggressively in front of the guy who kinda looked at me like "sorry." At this rate I'm assuming all the men behind the counter hate women? I also had no drink in front of me anymore and nobody came around to ask if I needed anything else. At that point the extremely hammered guy next to me waved a bartender down and they finally came over. This guy tried to pay for my drink too since I was having a crappy time but I wouldn't let him. The bartender STILL didn't say anything when he put my drink down but boy they sure wanted my money and a tip! I eventually just got up and left which is too bad I was enjoying the music and watching A&M dominate. I seriously can't believe the experience I had here. I called the manager the next day but I really am just so irritated at how these bartenders on 1/4 handled a customer I just had to Yelp. I actually wanted to leave Vegas that night after having this be my first experience but I had to stay for the wedding and luckily people were incredibly nice at the other places I went including, Rumor, my hotel and, ironically, the Hard Rock Cafe on the corner in front of the hotel and casino. I wish I could just ask these guys, "really...what was your problem?" I wasn't even buzzed so not like I was an annoying, drunk patron and I don't believe in treating people poorly so it would have been nice to get the same respect fthat I tried to give them.
5	I haven't stayed here, but I can tell you I have been to this casino every single time I've been to Vegas. Out of all this casinos, this is the party casino. There is an amazing atmosphere when you're gambling as well as the club scene. There is also a Fat Tuesdays in the building to get your slushy addiction fixed. Enjoy!
4	A VERY NICE PLACE!*I LOVED all the really cool decor! I thought it was an overall really nice looking and clean hotel and casino. Not too smokey or anything like that.*There are multiple options for cheap food and drinks inside the hotel.*Although I encountered 2 or 3 dealers that were rude, most were really nice and really helpful.*The little sports-bar restaurant there was awesome.Good food and nice place to watch a game; there is even a mini sports book in side! We watched all the games and got really good service (even though we sat there for like 2 hours after we were done eating). Don't trip, we tipped her fatty ;)*4 stars and not 5 only because:1. It's kinda too dark in some places (like in the bathroom and shower)2. It's not very close to anything.3. Some of the dealers were really just straight up dicks.*SIDE NOTES**GO DOWN AND CHECK OUT OF YOUR ROOM IN PERSON!I didn't like how they tried to charge me for a bottle of wine I didn't drink from my room's minibar, but they removed the charge as soon as I mentioned it, no questions asked.*We paid $40 a night plus the $24 "resort fee" (in January) so overall I was extremely pleased with the value. Definitely worth looking into if you are on a budget but you still want to stay somewhere nice.*I was really impressed how they handled my drunk friend. We left him alone while we went to see Cirque Du Soleil and instead of calling the cops on his drunk ass, like I would have done, they just escorted him back to his room LOL
2	I'm a huge music fan and Vegas is always a good time, so when I saw a groupon deal my fiancee and I decided this would make a fun excursion. When we arrived for check-in, the attendant was friendly right up until the point where we mentioned we had the groupon. She then explained all the things it didn't cover and that we'd have to pay a resort fee even though all the pools and additional amenities were closed for renovation. The room itself was nice, but about the same as most hotels in this range in Vegas. The two stars comes from the sub par customer service. You know the douchebag bouncer types you have to deal with at a popular club? Well that's how pretty much every employee of this hotel acts. It's a shame because seeing all the memorabilia is a lot of fun. And I've visited countless Hard Rock Cafe restaurants over the years, and always had very good experiences with their customer service. We went to Mandalay Bay for our next Vegas trip and everything about the stay was superior.
5	Stayed here for a few nights while in Vegas for my first time, the beds were very comfortable and nice the view of the pool was great and the room was clean. I am definitely wanting to come back here again
4	Stayed at the HRH from Thursday January 10th, and check out on the 12th.Came here with the wife to celebrate my birthday. My 31st to be exact.Hey 31 is the new 21! Ok, getitng off topic. Back to the review.As soon as we enter the hotel, we were definitely loving the decor and rock and roll memorobilia that is all over the walls, in protective cases. Items from all the legendary bands and artists. From Guns and roses, Santana, Michael Jackson and a lot more.The front desk ladies checking us in were very quick and friendly.The casino floor never seemed or smelled too smokey our whole stay there. Which is a good thing of course.Our room was simple. The carpet and decor seems a little outdated. But no deal breaker. It does have a 42 inch flatscreen, so that was nice. The beds were freaking amazing!! I literally fell asleep upon my head hitting the pillow. We were on the 4th floor right above the pool area. Of course there was nobody ever in the pool. It is January and 25 degrees. Despite the outdated feel to the room, it was very well maintained and clean. We got the rooms for $42 a night which is the biggest reason we stayed there. Were not cheap, we just wanted to have more eating, drinking, and gambling money available.Overall, I would be happy staying here again on our next trip out to Vegas.
2	The hotel is pretty nice.  My room was clean, and my stay was fine.However, my room was missing its "do not disturb" sign (I imagine the previous visitors took it as a souvenir since they say "All tied up" instead of DND), I was unable to keep a connection to the internet, and my TV's volume only worked for one channel...When I asked that the resort fee to be taken off for my 2 night stay, I was refused, stating that I HAD used the wifi (I tried, I did... but wasn't able to actually do anything), and that I hadn't asked maintenance to come fix the TV...I was gone almost all day both days, and didn't want someone rummaging around in the room while I wasn't there, so I didn't ask for it to be fixed... I shouldn't have to, it should work without request.  I was there during CES, so there was no pool use, the internet didn't work, I didn't use the fitness center, and my TV didn't work properly... they STILL wouldn't remove the resort fee ($50 for my 2 night stay).Disappointed.   I would have come back again next year when I was in for CES, but I'll be searching elsewhere because of this.
5	When was the last time you heard rock-n-roll blasting through your speakers? I know  right? Its been awhile.  Look no further, the Hard Rock will fill that void! Came down to Vegas for my annual CES trip and had a Hang Over style time as always.  ;-)You will never ever hear hip-hop or edc here.  The suite I got hooked up with was sweet! I walked up to Registration to check-in and the gal that helped me was top notch.  Knew my name before I even said anything.  Probably because I was wearing my CES badge, but hey, that's why they are getting a 5-star from me.Everything was a pretty smooth sailing.  The suite we had was pretty stellar for this Vegas caliber hotel.  The only things that was lacking were a fridge and a coffee maker.  While those things were pretty trivial, they would have came in handy.  The suite was decked out in modern rock-n-roll fashion-edgy tiling and art throughout the spacious bathroom and living room.  This room was equipped with LCD TVs, drawers, and plenty of closet space.  The bathroom was super spacious like a fancy master bath.  Walk-in shower stall with rainfall shower head and hand shower head.  Toilet had its own door.  Dual sinks.  Separating the bedroom and the bathroom was a glass wall with curtains, luckily, since I was sharing with another friend.  Pretty cool for the most part.  Beds were super comfortable.  Housekeeping was very friendly and courteous.  For my entire 3 night stay, I truly felt like a ROCK STAR.  Since I did not get to gamble here, I can only speak for my sleeping experience.  The distance to the strip was a short distance, so its not bad if you want to take a quick ride via Taxi.  If I ever get a deal here again through Kayak and such, I definitely would not hesitate to book another stay.
1	Stayed here in a suite this week for a corporate event.  For me, this place failed on most counts.  I'm sure that when the place first opened, it was the "happening" place to go.  Now, it seems more like the place where wanna-be's dress up for their Vegas experience.  Throughout my stay the word "skanky" seemed to come to mind quite a bit.  Most of the decor is dated.  The coolest part of the place is certainly the music memorabilia, but I think the hotel hopes that if you see all of the showcases, you'll miss how cheap and dated the rest of the interior looks.Then there's the suite.  For a suite in the HRH tower, you would think that it would be pretty cool.  Instead I was treated to ottomans with suspicious stains on them.  Once I saw those, I avoided sitting on any other furniture then the bed.  There was a large bathtub in the suite, with small curly hairs on the interior.  I had to sweep the bathroom floor with a towel, as I could see where small shards of glass were.At 5:45 am I got a call from the front desk, telling me that there was a problem with my credit card.  Who wakes up a guest at 5:45 am.  The guy knew my name and room number.  I suspected a scam so called the front desk myself.  They said there was no problem.  Since I hadn't bought anything, even drinks, at the hotel, I suspect that someone inside the hotel must have given my information to someone to try and scam me out of my credit card info. Our company's done a few events with Hard Rock.  I'll be an advocate of trying something new the next time.
4	Hotel room was very spacious, bed was fluffy and comfy with down comforter and 4 king feather pillows. Tub didn't drain well, which was gross. But damn, that bed was comfortable.
5	I must say, have not stayed here before, but we have been coming to Vegas for years now.  I will do everything I can to stay here from now on! This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at in Vegas. The rooms were great! Beds are amazing, and casino was always hopping. Oh, and dont forget about the food there! Pink Taco and Nobu were the ones I tried. You really dont ever need to leave the hotel.... Highly recommend.
3	This casino seems to have more of a fun vibe and draws a younger and more energetic crowd than many of the other casinos.  They have a crazy pool party during the day and an active club scene at night.  Its off the strip so it doesn't seem to get the dazed and confused older tourists stumbling around so it keeps a high energy level with some hot and scantily clad female staff that definitely make this a great place to visit!
1	I can't believe that no one has complained about the annoying airplanes that take off all night long! The hotel was very nice and the rooms are very comfortable for the price as long as you can get past the not being able to sleep part. They were able to move us to a different tower but needless to say it was just as loud! Unfortunatilly we had to move hotels. They were not very accommodating to giving us our money back but thank god for American express! My advise, don't stay here!
4	The HRH suite was absolutely beautiful. I can't believe we only paid $60/night. The bathroom was huge with a large tub and separate shower. The bed was probably one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in and did I mention it had 2 flat screen tvs and a touch screen Ipod stereo!? Probably one of my favorite hotels I have stayed at so far. My only complaint is the resort fees....about $24 (with tax).
4	Had a great time!! Stayed for one night and it was good. Had restaurants there we watched street drum corp (punk rock drum show) and they had a club there called Body English! We didnt leave the hotel. The only bad thing was we got on the guest list for the club to ensure we would get in and the show we went to ran till 1230 or so and the guest list ended at 12 which the guy Didn't tell us. When we got to the club we waited 45 min to hear they were at capacity. One of the guys at the front was definitely on a power trip but kinda expected from the looks of him. Overall good stay! Stayed in the casino tower! The most comfortable bed I have ever slept in!! Next time we will stay a couple nights!!!
3	Appreciated the free parking - which seems common at Las Vegas hotels. We booked our room on Hotel Tonight - the day of arrival. Got a fantastic rate. But I was little put off that since we checked in after midnight, in the middle of the week, we were still given a room literally at the end, of a very long hall. Yeah - we didn't pay much for it, but since not too many people would be checking in after us, and the hotel was not full at all...it would have been nice to have been given a room that was not clear out in Timbuktu! The room itself was fine. Nice flat panel tv. Nice toiletries.
2	Stay here if it is the summer and you want to use the pool or are going for a specific concert.  Do not stay here if you want to gamble or have options outside of your hotel.  We stayed in the HRH all suites tower which is a good amount of space for the price & the beds were comfortable, other than that there is nothing to recommend about the room.  I have no idea how this is a new tower.  The couches were badly stained, some light switches do nothing, the iPod dock took a full day to load the information from my iPod, the TVs were so bad that we could not see anything when the back ground was dark (we had a movie refunded because of this), they charge $20 a day for refrigerator, in a suite.  In the poker room you were lucky to find one table running, yet for some reason they think they should run 1-3 games as if they are a popular destination.  The famed bar in the middle of the casino was empty and certainly has lost any reason to be considered a good place to meet women, the whole place was dead on super bowl weekend.  One last positive, the food is really good here.  Culinary drop out is great & the 24 hour diner is also very good.
1	The room did not have lightbulbs, a clockraido, an iron, an ironing board, or anything in the minibar.  The toilet paperholder was loose and kept dropping the paper.  The hall smelled of smoke and puke.  I would not stay here again.
4	I've seen 2 shows here, 1 at Body English & 1 at The Joint. I had a great time at both.
1	I came here for my anniversary and to see if I wanted to use the hotel to host my company's convention next fall - not going to happen.We stayed in two different rooms, a suite in the HRH tower and a "Corner King" in the Paradise tower. The phones did not work in either room, and the suite did not have an ironing board and was beat up pretty good. I went down to tell them the phone needed to be fixed, and they said someone would be right up. I stayed up until 3:00 AM waiting for it to be fixed, and they were a no-show.I lost my valet ticket, and they said they would have to call security and make a report before I could have my car back, and this made us late and missed a $300.00 show.But the icing on the cake, their maintenance man called my wife stupid when her credit card got stuck in the coke machine. Nobody calls my wife stupid. The manager wasn't concerned and offered me a free drink for my "trouble."There were a few highlights, but they are not worth mentioning after they insulted my wife.
4	I was gonna go 3 stars on this, but they've got some good eats in here, so let's call it 3.5, OK?Self-parking for check-in is a breeze. Stop trying to find a space on level 1 and go up a few so that you can park right next to an elevator. Check-in was slow and laborious. I can't believe in 2013 people still have to clack a thousand and one keys to confirm the reservation I already paid 50% of online. There should be a service where you can book a specific room online, show up with your credit card, slide it in the lock and BOOM you're in. Who wants to deal with some chipper chick doing her worst to get you checked in fast after a 5 hour drive to Vegas? The rooms are decent. At least, ours was. I'm sure they get better. We had a pretty good view of some mountains. It's not like you're getting a strip view anywhere here, so might as well just get whatever is available for the right price. The mini bar and counter bar are scary because if you even knock something out of it by accident you're charged automatically. And, yes, the prices are grossly inflated. The bathrooms blow. Our sink, which I thought was cool because it had a super deep basin, was not cool because that super deep basin filled up every time we used it. Ditto on the shower, which at one point filled so much I might as well have taken a bath. Plus, how the hell am I supposed to wash myself AND pee in the shower when it's up to my calves? Seriously, guys. I liked their sexually suggestive door hangers - turn it to "Tied Up" if you don't want the maid. Which we did, often. But she still came anyway. I assume they just ignore them. As I said, between Pink Taco, Mr. Lucky's 24/7, Culinary Dropout and whatever else you come across this hotel has some good foodstuffs. And clearly at least one of them is open 24 hours. The fitness center was closed for AVN Awards (No, I did not go because I arrived the day after it occurred. Yes, that did upset me.), so I got directed up to the cardio room. Which is exactly that - a room full of cardio eq. Of course, since the gym was temporarily closed I was welcome to use the spa's gym facility... for a reduced-from-$25-a-day, $10/day fee. So, had their own gym been open it's free, but since it isn't I get to pay a reduced fee of $10? Well, fuck me, isn't that a deal?Check out didn't work on my TV for whatever reason. Luckily, doing it down at the lobby is a breeze. No hassle or waiting or whatever. Why can't they make it this easy to get into the place?
4	I stayed in the HRH Tower and really enjoyed it. We checked in at the HRH Tower part, so the process was super quick. The suites were pretty, the bathroom was gigantic, and I loved that you could plug your iPhone into the wall to play music. I really liked the decor and the music that they played throughout the casino.It's not on the strip, which basically meant I stayed in my hotel room and read when I wasn't expected to be somewhere. That said, I do not enjoy the "Las Vegas experience" so I would probably have done the same whether I was on the strip or not.
4	Never slept in a more comfortable bed at any hotel that I can recall ..rooms were clean and spacious ..only drawback was the absurdly long registration line on Sunday morning
5	i could go on and on about this hotel, but instead i'll just focus on my favorite part... the beds.HRH has by far the most comfortable beds of anywhere i have ever stayed or laid (get your heads out of the gutter!) in those rare moments where you actually sleep in vegas, or should i say nap? there is no better place to lay your exhausted, drunk, dehydrated body than on the cloud-like, marshmallow beds at the hard rock.oh yeah, and the penthouse and provocateur suites aren't bad either ;)
4	All in all, our stay here wasn't bad.  The beds were definitely fluffy and made it difficult to get up and face the day, or the afternoon, as the case may be.  The only bummer is that our view was non existent, unless of course you have an extreme interest in the roof.  We were not lucky enough to be in the swanky new tower.  Despite the many reviews I had read in guidebooks and online, the staff was very friendly and quite helpful.  There is a shuttle available to take you to and from the Strip between 10 am and 5 pm which is great because I underestimated just how long the walk to the Strip actually was.  You can also store your luggage at the bell desk for free (gratuities accepted of course).  Another bonus is that the Hard Rock is a straight shot to the airport when you are headed home.  Compared to the behomoths on the Strip there is a lot less to offer gambling wise. There was a lot of blackjack and slot machines and a huge area for sports betting.  For the average poker player (aka NOT high limit tables), there is not much here for you.There is a daily resort fee here so it would be in your best interest to use the wifi or go to the gym if you want it to count for anything at all.
3	We nabbed a great deal for a suite at the Hard Rock, as in $89 per night for a King Suite, fully equipped with discounts on spa, drinks and gaming...I figured, hey when in Vegas.. do as the Vegans do, and roll the dice..Luckily, our suite was in HRH Tower and unluckily, our cabbie on the way over didn't care so he dropped us off at the main lobby.. big bummer, I thought as I shuffled into a line of about 50 other people and no offenses to anyone.. but do you really need to bring your crying 2 year old and 12 pack of Bud Light to the Vegas Strip??! Did you really think that the booty shorts with cellulite combo was an awesome look this morning when you rolled out of bed, or was it still dark? Yeah, the long line was a bummer and I thought for sure this hotel stay was going to be a disaster, especially when the front desk clerk tried to put me in a double queen room.. or have the option in staying in a smoking King suite room.. I took the smoking room and asked for a credit, which she eagerly agreed to. Sweet suite! The room was nice and roomy and the bathroom was sleek and modern; large tub, large glass shower with double shower heads and a double sink. It seems like they recently remodeled the HRH Towers and they did a great job with the rooms. The views were nice and the feel of the room was subdued rocker.. The room did smell like fresh ganga, but hey it's Vegas; at least there wasn't a dead hooker under my bed or something. Aside from the room, the casino was a little lackluster and it seemed that most people were staying in their rooms and slugging back the 12 packs they brought along with them.. There were some booty shaking girls hanging on poles in the casino, so that was nice if you are a guy...Im not, so I opted to go elsewhere to drink and dine...and roll dice.Overall, not a bad stay and I liked the room and for the price it was a great value.. The downer for me was the small casino and lack of night life or any life at all.. the food was very mediocre.. but the spa services were great.
3	Beds are amazingly comfortable . Great sheets and pillows.  Not the cleanest Hotel I have stayed at.  Music was excellent but really loud.  Small casino got bored quickly.  They must be on a discount program or encourage plastic floating devices if you know what I mean for the femail dealers.
2	We stayed in the HRH tower, and i would NOT recommend this room if you staying with more than your significant other (unless you're a swinger).No locks on the bathroom door, and see through everything.Minimal staff - tried calling the front desk and they picked up 33% of the time.This location is good because you don't run into the huge crowds.Easier to get taxi cabs and limo service.Free shuttle to the Fashion Show Mall from 10am-5pm everyday.Not a fan of their table games and their rude floor managers.Watch out for the "cooling" trick they play on the craps players:If you have a hot shooter, they will turn off all the lights over that section and close down the game for 30 minutes. 30 minutes later, the shooter is cooled off.I think this is illegal, but i guess anything goes in Vegas...
2	Paid in full for a 3 night stay in advance for my son's birthday. When he arrived, the hotel was "oversold" and his reserved suite was not available. I left a message & sent an email asking for an explanation. No response. I've never stayed here but it appears they need to work on customer service
4	I rated them on 6/8/12 based on my stay then.  I can't believe I didn't login to finish it.  I LOVE the HRH!  Fun gaming, awesome rooms, near perfect service (the hotel, not the restaurants - there is a difference, thus 4 instead of 5 stars).  My biggest tip is to stay in the Casino or HRH tower.  The Paradise tower is nice, but it's a long walk from the casino.I've stayed at the HRH numerous times.  It's definitely my favorite hotel in Vegas.
1	Worst hotel I've stayed in in Vegas (I've stayed in a lot).  When we checked in at 11 p.m., they told us our room was not available.  How is that possible?  Check-in starts at 3 p.m.  After waiting 45 minutes, they finally gave us the keys to our room.  When we get to our room and open the door, there is a man without a shirt on in the bed.  They gave us the key to someone else's room!  That wasn't even the worst part.  While leaving our room at about 9 a.m. the second morning we were there, we walked outside and it smelled like feces.  That was because there was a passed-out homeless man who had SHIT HIS PANTS right outside our door.  We notified the staff about this when we got downstairs, and they seemed pretty nonchalant about it, as if it was a common occurrence.Don't ruin your vegas trip - spring for a nice hotel, don't stay at the Hard Rock.
1	don't come to the hard rock during the week. the room was t any less and most things were closed., like the pools, the club, the juice bar, ect.also they charge you this bogus "resort fee" that includes wifi, which I was never able to get, shuttle service which we never used( maybe we should have to get to another hotel ! Very disappointed.. will not come back here.
5	I love the rooms and the prices whenever I stay in Vegas I try to book here. What more do you want to hear? It is a nice Vegas hotel a bit off the strip so bring some cab money.
4	My boyfriend and I planned the trip for spring break through JetBlue as a Getaways package, and thus got a pretty good deal on the flight and hotel combo. Part of it being a good deal, however, was the fact that we were arriving at 11 PM on Sunday night. Since it was pretty late, I guess, when we were checking in we received the disappointing news that there were some big groups staying, and there were no King rooms available. We had originally booked a Mountain View King room in the Casino Tower, so it was kind of a bummer that there weren't ANY king rooms available. However, I guess it was kind of understandable since we checked in late. I attempted to use the $20 trick when checking in and asked for an upgrade. The woman helping us slipped the tip back to me, but did "upgrade" us to a Pool View Queen room in the newer Paradise Tower. She was really apologetic about there not being any king rooms available, and advised us to check in the next morning to see if any would be available.Our first room was nice, however, it was on the 3rd floor so even though it was a Pool View, there wasn't too much of a great view. It wasn't anything terrible like a view of the parking lot, but was just too low to get the real experience. The next morning, after breakfast, we checked at the front desk if any king rooms were open, and were moved to a great Pool View King room on the 17th floor of the Paradise Tower for the rest of our stay. The view of the pool was great and allowed us to scout out the crowd before we ventured down there and we were really happy with the room.As far as the casino itself, we didn't do TOO much gambling there. It's pretty small compared to other casinos. I lost money on the slots, and my boyfriend lost money playing blackjack. However, I ended up making some money playing roulette and betting on sports, and since I'm new to gambling, I really appreciated that the dealers were patient and helpful. The only on site restaurant we ate at was Mr. Lucky's, and it was out of convenience. The first night I got the mac and cheese which was a little too intense (covered in crushed Cheez-Its) and my boyfriend got the reuben sandwich, which he liked just fine. We went back to breakfast another morning (after seeing Ke$ha at PURE,) totally riding the struggle bus, and had a decent hangover meal of pepperoni flatbread and some kind of egg dish for my bf that I can't recall.In-N-Out Burger is about a 15-20 minute walk away, through the UNLV campus. Starbucks was a 15 minute walk down the road. Even closer, there are two plazas across the street from the Hard Rock which we frequently visited. Just making the 2 minute walk across the street for alcohol ($1 24oz beers at the liquor store across the street) and food (Paradise Cantina, Subway, Johnny Rockets) saved us a TON of money and allowed us to splurge on other things. To save on the crazy ATM fees in Vegas, we got cash back at CVS across the street whenever we stopped there for water, Red Bull, and other little things.Vegas is expensive, and since the Hard Rock is off the strip, be prepared to spend on cabs. We paid $10-15 each way to the strip. Beware of the $3 fee that gets tacked on if you pay for your fare with a card. The Hard Rock does has a shuttle that goes to the strip, but it only runs from 10AM - 5PM so the way our plans worked out, we only ended up using it once. A trip to Fremont Street was $25 each way, which was shocking, but I made a good amount of money gambling there so thankfully the fare ended up getting covered.We spent a fair amount of time at the pool this past week, since the weather was in the 80s. They were preparing most of the pools for the official open, but the Nirvana and Breathe pools were open while we were there. Getting there by noon got us chairs, or even better one day, a day bed. I don't know if they will start charging for the cabanas / day beds / chairs since pool season has officially started, but everything was first come first serve and free when we got there. We had no problem bringing our own drinks. The water in the Nirvana pool was cold, so there wasn't a whole bunch of swimming going on, but it was perfect for taking a dip in when we wanted to cool off from the heat.All in all, I really enjoyed the Hard Rock! We found the staff to be really helpful, and I would love to come back again to check out Rehab this summer.
4	What can I say? HRH was made for me! Loved the room. It was very clean and tidy. The beds were super comfortable. The decor is very "rock star-ish". The color scheme was all black, white, red, and gray...very rock-n-roll! Housekeeping was very polite, helpful, and considerate. My requests were immediately taken care of as soon as it was ordered. I needed a few items from housekeeping and it took about 3 minutes after I called to bring those items up to my room. I was actually impressed!My one star deduction is for the $6.95 charge to automatically unlock the refrigerator, and a $2.00 charge for bottled water. You pay for them to unlock the fridge and then you pay for whatever you consume out of the fridge and then you pay $2.00 to drink a mini size bottle water that is not even cold? That is just plain daylight robbery! Other than that, great hotel! I had a pleasant stay here. I was surprised when I came across a sweet deal on Vegas.com for HRH @ $73 per night.  Usually it goes for $150-$200 a night. I couldn't let this deal slip. I am glad I took advantage of it. HRH is made for comfort!
3	Clean, beds are comfortable.  My friend had an emergency while we were there and the staff handled it great so thanks HRH, well done on that one.  If you're not staying on the strip itself this place is legit.
3	Loved the room. Comfortable beds, awesome shower, very modern and nicley set up. It was a $10-$15 cab ride to the strip. Casino was fun and clean, nice restaurants (except Pink Taco).  I will definitely stay here again.
4	picked this hotel due to it being OFF THE STRIP.  They do have hotel fees of about $23 per day for shuttle to the stip that drops you off at the Fashon mall.  We used that once.  probelem is, they need a pick up on the other end.  check in was fast (unlike anywhere on the strip) and coffee lines in the morning was fast as well.  Our room was "smoking optional" because they didnt have any non smoking left.  however the room was not bad.  the vent system must work nice.  beds were comfortable.  Parking was free.  I would stay here again for my purposes.-need more options on food-need more Bar area for non gamblers-if I only knew i was in one tower, I would not have parked in another tower. not sure how to fix that one.-hall way smelled on 14th floor.  also walls were thin.-our housekeeping was hysterical.  never met her but you were always guessing, do I have shampoo today?  do i have soap?  sometimes would take all the used stuff and not leave new, or you got doulbe condtioner no shampoo.  or no bar soap at all, and took used body liquid soap.  thankfuly we had stuff in our luggage.  my daugther said she must have been high.  once she left her cleaning supplies on the night stand.  gross...
5	Huge fan.  This will be our new go-to hotel in Vegas.  It's off the strip, which is appealing to me, I've done the strip, it's for amateurs.  The service is friendly, the vibe is hip, and the rooms are really nice.  The bed was like sleeping on a cloud, just the right mattress, and luxurious bedding (and I'm a linen-snob).  We got a beautiful view with a corner room on the 16th floor.  The pool area is top-notch, beachy, great drinks, lovely views.
4	Very nice stay at the Hard Rock this week. I was weary based on the hit or miss reviews but must say the HRH stepped up. The Good- stayed mid week (wed-fri w living social deal) and upgraded to the new HRH Tower which is a must if you want a nicer experience. Check in was easy. Room was fantastic! 10th floor view of pool and strip and totally sound proof! Cool audio system in the room for playing music. GIANT bathroom and shower. Beds were super comfortable. The HRH Tower is nicer and more chill than the others and even the pool is more mellow which we liked. Crazy town pool just on the other side for easy access. Easy to grab a taxi to the strip for $10. Pink Taco was solid for lunch and we sat pool side. Fitness center and wifi included in the resort charge of $18/day. Both were good.  Not-so-good- Need taxi to get to strip so factor that in. Housekeeping wasn't very thorough, ice machine didn't work on first day, etc. Minor irritations and the only thing that kept us from giving 5 stars. Take Home- Great stay at a great price but highly recommend the new HRH Tower if you want quality, other Towers if you want to just party. And of course, epic people watching at no extra charge!
4	1ST STAY: Sunday, February 1, 2009 - Wednesday, February 4, 2009 - [3 NIGHTS]2ND STAY: Friday, April 6, 2012 - Sunday, April 8, 2012 - [2 NIGHTS]3RD STAY: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 - Friday, June 8, 2012 - [2 NIGHTS]4TH STAY: Sunday, August 19, 2012 - Thursday, August 23, 2012 - [4 NIGHTS]___________________________________::::: [ THE ROOMS AT THE HRH TOWER - 4.5/5 ] :::::Aside from the very first time I visited the Hard Rock, I've been staying at the HRH Tower - twice at the KING SUITE, and once at the SUPREME CORNER KING SUITE. Both are beautiful rooms, complete with a separate living and sleeping area, split up by a divider that has a 40" LCD TV mounted on each side. The interior is contemporary with light colors and shades of beige, ivory, gray, and natural tones. In the bedroom, there's also a touch screen jukebox with an iPod dock. Too bad it's not compatible with Spotify. :-/ Another bonus is the blackout drapes.. which for me means better sleep. The bathroom is spacious, with a deep tub and a separate shower.This hotel is off the strip, so it really wouldn't make sense to stay there unless you have a car. They do have a shuttle service, but it's really not the most reliable thing.::::: [ THE POOL - 4/5 ] :::::The pool here is pretty epic. If you're staying here, you really should take a moment to check it out at least once. Of course, it's more of a place to generally relax and/or socialize than to "swim."The Hard Rock Hotel in Bali also has a pool with sand in it, but it's minuscule in comparison.::::: [ THE CASINO - 3/5 ] :::::The casino is just okay. The payouts at the tables aren't great, and the machines are pretty standard. Still, staying at the hotel does mean I usually end up playing at least 15mins or so per day at the casino... especially since the hubby sleeps a whole lot more than I do.::::: [ THE RESTAURANTS - 3.5/5 ] :::::               * NOBU: I haven't been to this specific NOBU, but I've found that all of the Nobu branches tend to be pretty reliable and consistently high in terms of quality. I do recommend making reservations ahead of time if you plan to dine here.               * PINK TACO: Haven't tried it, so I can't tell you if all the attention this place gets is based on hype, price, convenience, or if they really do serve great food.               * MR LUCKY'S: The food is pretty mediocre. It's open 24/7 so it may prove to be a convenient stop sometimes. For those of you who love a bargain, they offer a "Gambler's Special" for $7.77 that includes a salad, an 8oz sirloin, 3 jumbo shrimp, and a side of garlic mashed potatoes. Do keep your expectations realistically low with regards to quality and flavor, though.NOTE: If you're one of those people who like to check out the HARD ROCK CAFE at every city you visit (like my Dad), then keep in mind that the Hard Rock Cafe Las Vegas isn't actually located inside the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas. It's on the strip.___________________________________CHERRY ON TOP: Don't forget to tip at check-in. ;-)
2	Tv connection in all the rooms is a joke. Dirty bathroom, over priced room service food and average casino. Look elsewhere for this price range.
5	Greta service. Rooms. Staff. And of course the drinking and concert venues.
3	We stayed at the HRH- Paradise Tower- from 3/17/13 to 3/22/13. We checked in at 11pm and were told there were no king beds available. My husband is 6'11, a king bed is not just a preference but a necessity. He is over a foot taller than a queen bed. The woman helping us was rude/ cold and said try again tomorrow. When we called the next day (3 times before anyone answered), they said try after 3. We did get a king bed that day but I was unimpressed with the customer service. The room was nice, some people complained about how dark it was but that didn't bother me much. The bed was amazingly comfortable and the shower was huge, easily accommodating two ; ). The food was not so good- Pink Taco was incredibly overrated, room service was outrageously expensive and included a delivery fee plus 21% gratuity regardless of what you ordered. Personally I liked that the hotel was off the strip. The strip was nuts and I liked the bit of separation. We had a rental car and to park there is easy and free. Gaming- the casino is small and unimpressive. I am a big gambler so was looking for more than this. It helped me control myself a bit though because if I wanted to gamble I had to leave so I didn't spend as much. The pool area is amazing. I couldn't get enough of this pool area, it is stunning. The resort fees are annoying. $24/day and all we used was the wifi, when it worked. Everywhere has stupid resort fees these days so there isn't much to do, but worth noting. Overall, I would stay here again, but would book a flight that allowed me to check in earlier to get a king bed on the first night, and wouldn't even attempt to buy any food here.
5	We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Last year in March 2012, and let me say they have the best customer service there..! The rooms were on point very clean, and very spacious. If your not a morning person you may not want to stay there bc they do play loud music early in the morning if your staying by the poolside. I loved the early morning loud music bc it gets me up and going if im on vacation i like to get up and get things done and not so much sleep the whole morning away. LOVED  LOVED THIS PLACE!!
4	I like this property for concerts at the Joint.  I prefer the rock music that's played throughout the general casino floor; as opposed to the pop and top 40 rubbish that all the other casinos play.  I also found the new Body English to be more my style if I'm going to be in a night club...dark color palette, dimly lit, gothic style decor and the music in the main area was not rap/hiphop/top40.  No problems getting a drink at the bar...service with a smile as soon as I walked up.  I was only in here for about 45 minutes but that short time was quite enjoyable all around.  I hope to return soon.
4	I haven't stayed at the Hard Rock, but I hope to one of these days.  What I love about the property is the memorabilia everywhere.  We're big fans of Hard Rock Cafes and visit them all over the world.  I LOVE the cool artifacts (rockifacts) you can find and this location does NOT disappoint.  What I was really digging was the awesome T-Shit collection.  SO COOL!  I don't get over there so often as we tend to walk while in Vegas and HRH is a bit of  a ways away from the strip, but we had a great time exploring and are considering spending a weekend there some time.  Maybe that will kick it up to a 5 star.  I'm DYING to hang in the pool! Another awesome Vegas Hotel and Hard Rock Property.
4	This is a perfectly-sized Vegas hotel. Good rates, friendly staff, nice rooms, good pool."Perfectly-sized," you say? Odd way to describe a hotel. But its off-Strip location meant the place wasn't too massive, and easy to get from parking garage to rooms. The casino was relatively small to walk through - again, just what I was looking for.The rooms were well appointed, with nice soaps/lotions and electronics.I'd give it 5 stars, but I found someone else's hair brush and razor on *top* of the towels in the bathroom. Whaddahell...?
5	I had a great time in this hotel.  I stayed in the newest towers they built and me and my wife loved the dark concept.  The room had really cool black wall paper and the bathroom and shower was also awesome.  Also theirs alot of cool restaurants there and the pool is really nice.  They are really accommodating here.  Cant wait to come back.
4	The Hard Rock is just that, young, fun, carefree, reckless Rock N Roll.It's unfortunate that it is not on the strip or else i would stop by every time I am in Vegas.Other than location, the Hard Rock has everything going for it.It's a perfect mix of rocker/chic, the typical Vegas vibe, young hipsters out to have a good time but not the bottom of the barrel crew.Great restaurants and bars, fun shopping, excellent day partys at  the pool and smashing partys at the clubs at night.
3	I  liked this hotel.  It was very self contained and I enjoyed that. Our room was nice, I really liked that you could open up the doors to allow for fresh air. They had the best black out curtains too.  The shower however sucked.  It backed up, by 2 minutes into my shower I was ankle deep in water.  The sink was also very slow. We had the do not disturb sign up the whole time, and the maid still came in our room, which really bothered me. Our TV also had a big gouge in the screen and a huge scratch. It is a ways from the strip.  We didn't think it was THAT far, so decided to walk to the strip... bad idea, take a cab. They have a shuttle that takes you to the strip during the day time, which we didn't take advantage of. This hotel had some of the best restaurants inside though. The music playing throughout was nice, and I really enjoyed the fun decor.  The symbol light fixtures were really cool, and all the memorabilia everywhere was awesome.  I loved walking around and looking at it all.
5	The Hard Rock Hotel is the place I like to sneak away for little stay-cation. They know the best way to treat the locals with discounted room charges, 20% off food, and half price drinks at all the bars!  Let me count the reasons the Hard Rock is "As good as it gets"! *Good action on the Poker room.  This is the "go to" spot for drunk tourists who think they know how to play.*Lucky's is a good spot that's open 24/7 with awesome Tuna Poki and breakfast.*Pink Taco for a superior selection of tequila!  *35 Steaks and Martinis-Best Ladies Comp Dinners!  They also do local/industry deals on Monday*Circle bar in the main on line casino.  This spot is great for people watching and ease dropping on your buddies on the other side of the bar. I do not know how, but the sound waves mysteriously carry and you can hear conversations of fellow patrons across the room.  *Cool newly remodeled sports book and lounge.  *Rehab within the summer. Arguably the very best Sunday pool party in Vegas that was made famous by the Reality TV show.  With real sand, a water slide,  pool table and beer pong games, swim up sexy blackjack dealers, lazy river, alcohol, grilled hotdogs/hamburgers, and plenty of daybeds for sun bathing or cabanas for sports and shade from the sun you have it all!*Body English Nightclub and  is my go to club on Sunday for the industry party. Open Champagne bar for women till midnight.  This is THE Industry party for afterhours on Friday/Saturday with all the hosts, bartenders, cocktail girls ready to party after a long nights work.  *The JOINT is one of my favorite live performance venues in Vegas.   Perfect size and there is not a bad seat in the place.  The suites are great too for large groups or hosting celebs.One of my favorite events in Sin City is at the Hard Rock.  It's called  Dorm Days! It's an industry/ locals sleep over that the Hard Rock hosts about twice a year and it's the BEST.  Book early to get a room on the party floors (tenth and eleventh) and stop by the Real World Suite after 2am for the real celebration.  Feel free to bring your favorite local DJ in and arrange turn tables in your room for an all night party. Did I mention the party in the suite is OPEN Bar. Hard Rock just ROCKS!! Enough said.
3	Not the 5 stars it used to be. The rates were fantastic, but cost-cutting efforts are apparent. I don't like to see a jigger used when my drinks are made. The removal of double-down and splits on video blackjack takes away my game -- went elsewhere to play. We had no drinking glasses in the room for 24 hours (we did get red plastic party cups upon request). There were no in-house discount coupons in the room upon arrival. It just felt cheapened.
2	I'd give the hotel one star but they have a great gym and pool area.  Casino area is unremarkable.  The first room they put us in, our patio door opened to a noisy ac fan running on top of another building, the faucet dripped and the tv didn't work, so we asked to switch rooms.The second room they put us in the toilet flushed slow, the sink was clogged and once again the tv didn't work.  Lastly, it's way off the main strip and the casino area is unremarkable.  Also, they slide discount fliers under your door which makes the experience feel cheap.
4	Great atmosphere for young singles!!This place has great restaurants all under the same roof!!
1	Very POOR.  Charged additional fee for resort fee.  Arrived 5:30 and wanted to go to strip but shuttle stops at 5:00PM.  Went to pool and pool bar for relaxing but unable to receive service at bar then advised pool closes at 6:00PM.  Wow this is Spring Break in Las Vegas and Hard Rock shuts down.  I was charged for resort fees but unable to use resort.  When I mentioned it to the front desk girl she just said tough stay somewhere else.What happened to Hard Rock as we have stayed here since opening and brought our children here and thought it would be fun to bring our grandchild here,  WRONG
4	Got to say, I was impressed with the Hard Rock.  We got a great deal on our room through Priceline and stayed in the rooms with the french doors that open up over the restaurant and lagoon/pool.  These rooms are large, well done and we had a good kitty corner view of the strip.  FYI though-  The play music pretty much from 10AM - 2AM so if you're looking to spend a lot of time in your room, get the rooms in the towers without the doors that open up.
3	Our family stayed one night here.  The check in took a long time due to a long line. I was turned off by all the smoking and women dressed like prostitutes in the lobby area.  Our room had nice amenities but was not very clean. We stayed at the HRH tower. The bell service took 30 mins to get our luggage to our room and the mini fridge we requested took 45 mins. I do like the location and room amenities of the hotel though so would go back. Room service food was also tasty.
2	Wow!  What a cluster "f" this was!  Purchased the Def Lepperd concert/room package for my son and his g/f for his birthday.  Through Hard Rock site mind you!  Paid with my card.  They arrive yesterday - panic!  My credit card and authorization was needed for them to check in.  I get emailed the authorization form - copy my id and card - fax it to the number on the email.  Call from my son 20 minutes later - they didn't receive it!  Fax'd again to number on the form - again - not received!  WTF!  Now my credit card & license is floating around that god forsaken town somewhere!  Ended up scanning & emailing everything.  Took my son over an hour to get checked in!  Ridiculous!
4	Came here and saw the room product for the first time as our friend had booked a suite for his birthday.It's a very interesting property where many of the restaurants and shops are down hallways far away from the casino floor.  I felt like it I was walking through an older version of the Cosmo at some points.My friends room was in the Paradise tower, I was curious why he was only on the second floor until I walked into the room, there was a patio with a TV & fireplace which exited out to a private pool which the 20 or so suites shared.  This by far was the coolest part of the room, although there were very high ceilings with mirrors on them.I went to the lobby store and purchased a few snacks and was pleasantly surprised that they weren't marked up too bad.  I assumed that they would be since there were no prices, but I ended up paying $1.25/bag for some corn nuts (not a bad deal).I have to say seeing the room product and more of what it's like to be a guest here makes me want to visit this property again where before I had no desire.
2	Wow!  What a cluster "f" this was!  Purchased the Def Lepperd concert/room package for my son and his g/f for his birthday.  Through Hard Rock site mind you!  Paid with my card.  They arrive yesterday - panic!  My credit card and authorization was needed for them to check in.  I get emailed the authorization form - copy my id and card - fax it to the number on the email.  Call from my son 20 minutes later - they didn't receive it!  Fax'd again to number on the form - again - not received!  WTF!  Now my credit card & license is floating around that god forsaken town somewhere!  Ended up scanning & emailing everything.  Took my son over an hour to get checked in!  Ridiculous!This was posted earlier this week and hmmmm.....somehow disappeared!
4	I like that this casino is so classy and yet so far from the strip.  As a local (for all you tourists out there who think we see shows and gamble nightly), who rarely visits the strip, it's nice to have a casino that's away from the traffic and tourists but not ghetto like some "local" casinos.  I don't care if your breakfast special is only 99 cents!  I'll not share a restroom nor a table with the last crack-head or pj-sporting greasy mess.  I'll list some of those latter so you too can avoid these places lol!  I'm not fond of bowling myself but they have an alley that I hear is decent, make sure you bring your Crowne Regal card for the movie theater (do not use that restroom though), they have a Capriotti's which is one of my fave sammich shops, and all the gaming you can handle.  Have never stayed the night here but I can say this...I WOULD and that's saying a lot.  Yardhouse and the fountains are major pluses too. XD
4	I love the black & red decor in the room. Very sleek, dark.The fitness center looked AWESOME. Very big. We never got a chance to use it though. We just stayed the one night in Vegas which was fine for not being right on the strip. We basically didn't leave the hotel/casino that night. Dinner at FU Asian cuisine. Outdoor pool area looked nice too. It was mid April on a Tuesday night and it looked closed/empty. We walked around but the pools were filthy with debris. Maybe they clean it at night/early morning for the next day?For just the night in Vegas the room was awesome enough that we stayed in the whole night and "watched TV." Good channels.
1	I am actually appalled at how horrible this hotel's customer service is. I checked in at 9pm. My room was dirty with pancake, towels & sheets all over the floor. I called front desk and all they offered me was a $20 room credit. Then!, the next morning we left at 8am and did not return until 7pm and the room had not been turned down. We called cleaning service and was told there was nothing they could do. Truly the worst trip of my life. I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone. You are better off staying at a motel.
1	We stayed at the Treasure Island for two nights before staying at the Hard Rock for two nights(not the tower suites). I recommend the TI way more than the Hard Rock. The Hard Rock hotel it's self is pretty cool but once your done checking it out, there isn't much to do around the hotel. They do have a shuttle that goes to the strip but it stops running at 5pm. My biggest complaint is about the rooms. Although the bed is very comfortable, the walls are SO THIN you can hear people talking in the hall. You could probably hear them whispering in the hall. Still, that's nothing compared to the airplane noise! You would think when a hotel locates themselves underneath the flight path of take off and landing, they would go the extra mile to sound proof the rooms, this is NOT the case. The TI on the other hand is VERY sound proof. There was also a septic smell that came from our bathroom periodically, which was sickening. Also, unlike the TI, they don't equip the room with a mini fridge, they give you a mini bar full of insanely expensive selections. The curtains attempt to block out the light but they still let some through. The TI has AMAZING black out curtains! Overall, I will never stay at the Hard Rock Hotel again. It's cool to check out but I do not recommend staying there.
5	I absolutely love HRH. I stay here every time I go to Vegas, and that is normally about 6 or 7 times a year. The rock theme makes the casino a lot of fun, and the high ceilings help so that you barely notice anyone smokes. Here are some of the really great things I like about HRH:-Rewards Program (I get free rooms all the time)-Their dealers (especially craps dealers)-Reliquary Spa (giant Roman bath!!)-The Paradise tower rooms-The Joint concert venue-All of the pools and Sunday REhab pool party-Free valet for guests-Really good food (Nobu, Pink Taco, Culinary Dropout, Mr. Lucky, etc)-Vegan eating options (including vegan benedict on room service)-Daily shuttle to the mall
2	I wouldn't recommend this hotel and casino unless you are under 30 years old and don't put much emphasis on customer service.  $50-$80 per person to get into one of the four pools and the free pool for guests will cost $500 for a 2 person bed as there are no lounge chairs anywhere.  Mr. Lucky's had to "re-fire" 3 of 4 breakfast's after waiting 30 min and then another 15 min for them to microwave it.  They were kind in not making us pay for the 4th meal, which was the only food eaten but were not very apologetic.  The rooms were nice and beds comfortable.  However, with the hundreds if not thousands of places to choose from in Las Vegas, the Hard Rock makes it very easy to look elsewhere for a place that wants you to come back.
5	This hotel is our new favorite staycation spot! It's nice because it is off strip but still close enough for quick access (they even have a free shuttle!) with great rates available through hotels.com or hotel tonight, this hotel has easily won our hearts. The rooms are clean and let me tell you the service is excellent. Whether its room service, housekeeping, or casino staff, the team members really go above and beyond to make sure your stay is the best it can be.
1	We showed up over 45 minutes early to get parking for the Chevelle concert tonight, not that it mattered. Parking was full already- both garages. At least they were sincere enough to stick a security guard in front of one garage telling guests the lot was full; we spent an hour and a half in the other garage (HRH) trying to find parking in a sea of traffic going up and coming down the ramps.While we were looking for parking, we decided to try to get in touch with a manager to possibly get a refund for the tickets we purchased should we miss the concert. After being transferred several times (reservations, ticketing, security, security manager, front desk, front desk manager) we finally spoke to Sarah, front desk manager- who told us that if we gave the valet attendant her name and presented our concert tickets, that we could valet the car. The valet manager refused and was very snippy and rude when given Sarah's name; even though there were 3 floors dedicated to valet parking in that garage alone, he wouldn't help. When we called Sarah back, she told us that if we weren't so rude to the employees they would have taken care of us but she would insure we were taken care of anyway. When the valet manager once again refused to accept the vehicle, we called Sarah a third time and were told that the valet manager had the final say and she could no longer resolve the situation.I felt as though were were just brushed off at every avenue. I understand the situation with concert guests trying to valet their cars; there is no way they could park every car. At the same time, the guest service was the worst I've ever experienced- especially in Vegas. I'd never been called rude by an employee, ever.I don't feel like I have unreasonable expectations; had we been informed when we were purchasing tickets to expect HEAVY delays we would have better prepared for the parking nightmare and parked somewhere else and taken a cab, had there been security in front of the HRH garage telling guests the lot was full we could have still made the concert had we parked somewhere else and taken a cab, had Sarah stood by her assurance that she would have us taken care of, had Hard Rock prepared overflow parking or not scheduled 3 events an hour apart on one night the situation could have been resolved or never arisen in the first place. I'll be sure to update with the amount of effort it takes to get a refund for the purchase price of the tickets for the event, and the result of my endeavor.EDIT: We were refunded the purchase price of the tickets with the help of LeAnne, but she mentioned that she was only helping us because of how her staff treated us. I definitely won't be patronizing the LV Hard Rock, and doubt we'll be going to others or collecting the HR shot glasses anymore. Someone needs to inform these people that casual does not equal shitty service.
4	I loved the decor. Jimmy Hendrix can hang over my bed any day. Cymbals line the hallway as reflectors for the lights. The bed was incredibly comfortable, but beware! If you have allergies to down, like I do, the pillows, blanket, and mattress pad were all down. No wonder they were so comfortable! They were once meant to keep the ducks all cozy warm. Make sure you take your Zyrtec, or other allergy meds. There were a number of pools, surrounded by little sand beaches. It was a different vibe then I've seen at other pools. Even though it was early afternoon on a Thursday, all the lounge chairs were taken, or supposedly reserved for future occupants, by their buddies. 'Oh, I'm saving these for someone.' The pool drinks are EXPENSIVE! A dollar an ounce for a pool drink! Between the two of us with 2 drinks and a tip, we spent 70 dollars!The casino itself is shaped in a circle with the restaurants surrounding. I was surprised that this hotel, the Hard Rock being so popular, wasn't on the strip. What I really liked about it was that it didn't smell as smoky as the rest of the hotels and I returned home smelling less like an ashtray than I normally do on a trek to Vegas. I would definitely stay here again!
3	Price:Really cheap compared to other Vegas Hotels, and if you book early enough.Location:Really depends who you are. If you want the hustle and bustle of the Strip, do not come here. But if you're more chill, and want something more relaxed, then HRH is definitely for you. It's located a couple blocks from the Strip, so you would definitely have to take a taxi every time you go out of the hotel, which could be a pain in the back!Room:We stayed in a 2 Queen Bed Suite. I really liked the design and layout, room was really spacious and could easily accomodate 6 people comfortable (4 people on the 2 queen beds, and 2 people on the long and large sofa in the living space). Bathroom was extremely large, with a glass wall, but there are curtains for privacy during showers. I also liked how the toilet has its own separate space from the bathroom, that way people can use the bathroom without being exposed to the toilet. FREE WIFI! YES!Casino:Because HRH is so far from the strip, the crowd here is definitely older, and more looking to relax. I liked playing the tables here more than the strip because you don't have your serious gamblers, just people looking to have a fun quiet time at the tables. Also the waitresses are more attentive since it's not that crowded.  Overall:I'd stay at the HRH again, but it's not my first choice. It's not the best place for young people looking to go out to the clubs, because I hated taking the taxi so much or not having the ability to walk the strip and explore other casinos.
1	I was looking to avoid doing this, but you really leave me no choice HRH. On the night of 3 May 2013 C.E., the Hard Rock Hotel and its criminally poor planning lead to a near perfect storm of mayhem in their parking garages, specifically the Harmon structure. Too many events, not enough parking. --But, Edwin P. Why are you such a whiny complainer? Did you now know this beforehand? Don't you follow HRH on Twitter and did they not announce publicly that there will be very limited parking like the Cosmo does?-- No, no, no, and don't call me a complainer. No over*flow parking, no employee(s) or basic signage informing individuals attempting to park that there was no parking and to enter the garage, on Harmon, would lead to well over an hour of wasting your petro and brain cells as you inhaled all of the exhaust of other vehicles with patrons, or potential patrons, who are just trying to park their vehicles so they can use their concert tickets to listen to some damn live music.We live in a fairly complex world. Source: http://www.ted.com/talks/david_christian_big_history.html. But it is one thing to replicate DNA and another thing to arrange enough parking for your patrons on any given night.Do they know beforehand how many tickets they have sold? Yes. Do they know beforehand how many parking stalls they possess? Yes. Do they know beforehand how to mitigate for what occurred on 3 May? Apparently not -- they don't know, don't care or both. I say both. A property that does not know how to plan for the safe arrival, stay, and exit of patrons or potential patrons should not be licensed to host and promote events. Moreover, whoever was in charge on this night should be summarily terminated for cause.-- But Edwin P. As a local you should not even be going to the strip. You should expect this type of blatant buffoonery. I avoid the strip because of experiences like this.--Don't talk to me.Epilogue: I ended up parking at UNLV. It is actually closer than it sounds. My girlfriend got to hear Paramore's set (The Joint), I was able to walk off my frustrations a bit, and we both got to hear Newsted (Vinyl). I did not have tickets to Chevelle.  - EPostscript. The payouts at the table games at HRH are a joke.
2	I've stayed here quite a few times and always really liked it, but my how things have changed this time around! Customer service has been terrible, can't get hot water in room and while leaving the water running, hoping to have it warm up, the sink/tub fills. We brought it to the hotel's attention several times and met with nothing! And to top it off, cockroaches in the room!!!! And again, no help or offer of concern from hotel management. That's fkn disgusting!!!! Make sure you check your luggage before you leave so you don't take home any pests and cause an infestation of your own. And ps.. service at Mr. Lucky's sucked too. But that's a whole other story...
1	We were looking forward to staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas for some time.  The websites and reviews looked like it would be a fun place to stay.  We arrived on a Sunday when parking at the hotel was chaos due to the Rehab party.  We paid some extra money to upgrade to a different tower with a room available.  Trying to get to our room however was a disaster.  The paradise tower is the same location where people line up and get to their rooms.  I was manhandled through security to get through with our luggage.  It would have been nice if there was a line for hotel guests to pass through the check in to get to their rooms.  The fitness center was nice and the gambling casino was entertaining.  One morning I walked out of our room and there was a black out on the floor.  The elevators were working but it was pitch dark trying to get down to the lobby.  The rooms were nicely decorated with the exception of the fact our next door neighbors smoked weed which drifted into our bathroom vents.  The bathroom water had an odd smell to it.  Needless to say, we won't be coming back.
1	I've visited the Hard Rock several times. It is what it is, an off-strip casino trying to define itself in a sea of other, arguably, better choices. If you're into the Hard Rock thing then you'll be heaven, otherwise, maybe not so much.But this review is about trying to stay there. Go ahead, try to book on their web site. Try to compare prices on their various offerings. Did I say try to actually book a room? Good luck. I've seen better Middle School websites which, by the way, actually function.If you not into watching tedious flash animation of "rock'n'roll" imagery and seriously just want to browse and maybe book a room at the Hard Rock, save yourself some time, call them. Oh sorry, they're so busy that probably won't get you much further.As so many other reviewers have said here, if you want decent customer service, you're probably better served looking elsewhere.
3	Visit this place a lot with hubby. He rents a $1300 per night celebrity suite to impress me and all was going well until I jumped in shower and sewage started building up from the drain. Gets all over my feet.   We are not complainers so we called front desk and they said they would send maintenence to fix it.   Well this morning it happens again.   Now we are kind of upset.   We call front desk and tell them " we are like $3k into this room for the weekend and we got raw sewage on our feet and sewage smell" and they are like "sorry,  we can move you".   Not even a stinking "we are so sorry here is a free drink coupon or a free pedicure to clean the sh_t off my feet.... Nothing!!! We will continue to come here because we like the vibe that the guests create.   What we have to just deal with is management that feels that they are doing us a favor by allowing us to patronize them.   If I ran my business like that,  I could never afford a 3k weekend getaway that is for sure.
4	I think its the hard wood floors that got me.  The casino is small which I enjoyed. They also have a good variety of games, especially slots. This is an off the strip location with a lot of music memorabilia and great restaurants (my favorite is Culinary Dropout). Great place to stay if you don't mind driving or don't mind taking a cab this is a great place to stay.If you like them on FB they advertise some great rates. There is an offer for 45% off right now.
5	This is my favorite hotel casino here in Vegas. I am a rocker, so that is understandable. :) I love music, and there are guitars everywhere on the walls in certain areas. I love that,too as well as the door handles-they are little guitars, cute. :) I have seen a local hard rock tribute there at Vinyl once called Smashing Alice. They are good. Years ago, I also saw another good band at a different place there. I dont know the name,sorry but the band is called Wild Child. They are a southern California based Doors tribute but they haven't played here in awhile. if you love music and rock, I recommend the Hard Rock. :)
1	I want to start by saying that as an avid yelper, I'm usually one to praise amazing service and I tend to let the bad slide. However, staying at the hard rock was an absolute nightmare. From the moment we pulled up the valet was extremely rude. It was memorial weekend so I understand that it was busy but the treatment he gave my friend and I was horrible. He acted like we were dumb females that couldn't wrap our minds around what he was saying. All he had to say was please pull ahead and park in the garage, we are at capacity.After spending an hour looking for a spot in the garage, we checked in. The room looked nice at first but once you try to turn on the lights it's a whole different story especially since half of them didn't work. To clarify, we had upgraded to the HRH tower so we were expecting more of the room than just your standard Vegas hotel room. The bathroom was nice if you were with your lover. The shower and bathroom doors are clear. Not ideal when it's just you and a friend. Not to mention,  the toilet constantly made a hissing noise throughout the whole stay.Now the big problem I have with this hotel is why I'm writing. We booked this room instead of another because we wanted first access to the rehab pool party... This is where the bad dream turned into a nightmare.After waiting 4 hours in line to get the wristbands and being told the system was down (manager confirmed that was a lie), people started getting antsy. The area was littered with security who just stood around and did nothing. Eventually people decided it was time to riot... My friend and I got shoved to the ground and thrown through a door where we waited until everyone calmed down. People were screaming and running and I had assumed the worst before knowing what actually happened. I feared for my life as did many people I talked to.I tried to talk to a security guard who explained he was freelance and to talk to the front desk. I spoke to the woman at the front desk who although very disinterested eventually agreed to call a manager who said head of security would be right over. A half hour later and he still hasn't shown up so I called the manager myself. Allison (the manager) agreed to have security meet us back at our room because we did not feel safe.I have now been waiting for over an hour and called twice and security still has not shown up. I explained to Allison that having waited all morning in a line to get shoved to the ground we were starving and could not wait any longer to eat, she offered us an in-room dining credit (the first glimpse of any customer service this far) and asked us to please continue to wait for security.Still waiting... It's absolutely disheartening the lack of concern they have for their guests.
4	Great time in Vegas. The room was great with a cool view and the downstairs was just insane!!! Plus one of the best clubs in Vegas is inside the Hard Rock Hotel.
5	My husband and I stayed at the Hard Rock in the paradise tower for our honeymoon. We met an exceptional employee (working security inside at the pool doors, light blue shirts) named Brock. He was thoughtful, kind, remembered our names throughout our stay and was very genuine! Please see that Brock gets a BIG THANK YOU!
1	We pulled in on Saturday morning and valet was a mess. We got in line and didn't move for 5 minutes, got cut off a few times, and ultimately decided to go into the parking structure instead. The first few floors were crazy, but the 6th floor was nice and empty, so parking ultimately wasn't too bad.Time for check-in. We received an e-mail earlier in the morning that said we could do early check-in for an additional fee, but declined and took our chances and tried checking in at 1 instead of 3. We got in line, waited for about 20 minutes, and were told that our suite was not ready quite yet. No biggie, since we were a bit early, there were a ton of people, and it was a holiday weekend. We were told to check back in 30-45 minutes.Went back at around 1:45-2, and were told that the room was still not ready and to give them about another hour. Okay, so maybe were were a little ambitious, so we decided to go back at 3, which was the standard check-in time. We decided to have some drinks at the bar near check-in and do some exploring while we waited. The bar was nice, drinks were good, and enjoyed looking at the memorabilia displayed throughout the hotel.3:00 rolls in and we try again, for the third time. Wait in line again, and are told that the room is still not ready and to come back between 4 and 5!. My friends and I are now getting impatient, and wish the front desk would have just told us a realistic return time instead of having to go back so many times...and check in was supposed to be at 3!! "Ok, FINE", we're all thinking, "let's go to the pool". We finally decide to check our things in and go to the pool. So nice! there are a few different pools to choose from, beach pool that has sand in it, DJ, and tables for beer pong. We grabbed a bucket of shock tops, and my boyfriend paid $15 for a bottle of water (ridiculous). It's now 4:30 and we all just want to go to the room and get settled in. We find our other friend at a cool bar inside the hotel (with a sweet chandelier made of chains) and the bar tender there made us some drinks while we decided what to do next. He was so nice and we regretted not getting his name!Finally, at 4:30, 2 of my friends decide to go back and try checking us in (for the 4th time), where they are told, AGAIN, that the room is still not ready. This time, the concierge was being really rude to them and to another party who was going through the same problem. I understand that it was a crazy weekend and he had probably been hounded on by other customers, but we were being nice and understanding (i mean, come on, after waiting for almost 4 hours) and to be disrespected by an employee representing Hard Rock was now the icing on the cake, the deciding factor that we would probably never be back. We then asked to speak to the manager, and the rude concierge said something like "so you want me to pull him away from another customer just so he can talk to you?" Shocked and feeling like this must be some kind of joke, we said yes. One of the managers finally came to talk to us and was able to help us out. We told him the situation and said that while we understood it was a busy weekend, we felt like we were being understanding and that the concierge really just sent us over the edge. He apologized and thanked us for our patience (since some other customers were yelling and cussing in the lobby out of frustration) and agreed to get us into the Body English nightclub with 5 free drinks and a $50 comp to our room. Finally, we get to go to our suite!Sunday comes along and it's a disaster to get into the pool area. We go to the 2nd floor to get in, and the security guards say "you either have to go back to your room or downstairs" rudely and without explanation. We get sent around to 4 different areas, and each time, the security guards would tell us something different. We just wanted to go swimming in the regular pool :( Our friends got in but couldn't take their bags because it was "too big" (didn't see a sign and were not told about bag regulations) AND we saw 2 other girls get in with their own alcohol. There was a HUGE line to get to the pools, and heard there was some sort of stampede of people at one point because of a fight or something. Someone in the elevator told us that some girls had waited 4 hours to get in and got kicked out shortly after. After about an hour or two of being given the run around, we finally get in. The pool was nice but we are all just so over it and regretting not having stayed at our regular hotel.Overall, staying at Hard Rock was a mistake. I know it was a holiday weekend, but things were so unorganized and chaotic, it was incredible. The staff just seemed unprepared and rude, and our party felt ripped off for having paid almost a grand for our suite (which may not be a lot, but it is to us!). It was nice of the manager to get us into the club with free drinks, but we were never given that $50 comp to our room. We will not be back.
5	Check-in/check-out was a breeze and my room was super clean and the A/C worked!      I could've spent hours (which I did) walking around downstairs with all the rock memorabilia.  Love this place and will stay here again!
1	Horrible Service and the staff was rude. Not enjoyable at all. Shuttle stops at 5pm to the strip and didnt even mention that on the groupon! The room wasnt even as great as the groupon made it look and had a horrible view out of our window. Definitely learned my lesson and going to start staying on the strip. I would give this 0 stars if i could.
3	LAME MUSIC GALORE!!!Unless you like potsmoker music that is :(We were hanging out at one of the bars near the entrance.It is so bad here because of the lame music that I will say no more!!!
5	I love the Hard Rock. I've stayed here five times since the beginning of 2013. Multiple times last year as well. Rehab is one of my favorite places on Earth, seriously. Haha. I tend to lean more towards attending the clubs in Vegas, but for a couple of drinks, I would recommend the Circle Bar. Love Todd the bartender that often works there.
1	I am extremely disappointed in the security of this place. Yesterday we were at the pool with some friends. An iPhone was given to a waitress and then the phone just disappeared. Been almost  24 hours and some how the waitress at the pool must have got lost on her way to security. We have a handful of people stating that this waitress with dermal piercings located on her left top wrists and on back was in possession of my friends white iPhone. I would maybe expect this to happen because its free on Saturdays but for a valued employee to put the hotel at risk and the people who stay here by stealing from a mother of two, is beyond me. I would warn any visitor to watch your belongings and credit card information. Read reviews and google this place you will find there is more than one case. Sadly she may never get her phone back with pictures of her babies but hopefully this review can help someone. We have tried to even contact security today and still no luck. I would like to know how a phone in a hotel could vanish?
2	The only reason my friends and I stayed here was for the pool (rehab). Hotel guests get priority with lines to get in and stuff so that's cool. The pool is soooo fun. This is definitely a party hotel. But we had an interesting experience. When we checked in, almost nothing was stocked in the room (towels, toilet paper, toiletries, mini bar, etc). We had to call and let them know. Then, the ac is mediocre. We never felt comfortable with the temperature in the room. It felt stuffy and warm. I'd wake up in the middle of the night to throw the bed sheets off me because I'd be sweating. Our tv didnt work til the last night. The food from room service was pretty close to terrible. We had to send it back twice because they'd either get the order wrong or it was just plain disgusting. Definitely more cons than pros with this stay. Don't think I will be back.
2	First they charge you a resort fee of 22.00 per night up front as well as 50.00 a day deposit so right off I was charged on my "prepaid" hotel another 223.00 upon checking in. Staff is cold and not very friendly. No real help to their guests, treated us as an inconvenience and interruption to their personal socializing. No coffee maker in the rooms, but that is so they can charge you 4.75 for a large drip coffee in the hotel coffee shop. Our room was a king deluxe, which was adequate. Nice bed and linens  but no table to sit at if u eat in your room. Nice big flat screen tv. Bathroom sink was slow draining and funky sewer smell any time u flushed the toilet. Hotel is overrun with 20 something and younger. Pool would of been nice to lay out by but forget it cause that is completely overrun as well and there is no room unless you reserve a poolside cabana for 250. My husband loved all the "reproduced" music memorabilia but I am largely unimpressed. Our view was horrible looking out at the air conditioning units in top of the casino lobby. Casino gambling cards don't work half the time and no welcome comps unless you are playing table games with a 20 dollar match play.
3	Stayed here on my recent trip. Housekeeping sucked. They didn't even change the sheets or clean the bathroom floors. The facilities are fine and the hotel itself is not bad otherwise.
1	If it was possible to give negative stars this place would definitely be in that category.  This place has gone so far downhill in every category over the past few years it makes me wonder why anyone would stay, play or party here.  Customer service is basically non existent.  Nightlife is horrible.  Daylife, pool parties are a joke.  Ever since that stupid show aired the pool parties are the most least desirable in Vegas.  The rooms are garbage.  AC is horrible.  The drinks are overpriced and so is the food.  If you are planning to stay in Vegas I would highly recommend staying somewhere else.
2	I get that this hotel isn't designed with me in mind, so I'll not go ahead with how seriously dorky most stuff here is. If you have watched Girls Gone Wild and thought to yourself, "I want to go to there" then, this is your jam. If you're an older dude that is looking to get the band back together, hey, party on. We came here because someone else was paying/picking. Had we been paying, I would have been super cranky. Everything here is somewhat over-priced but the real kicker is the fine print add-ons with everything. We weren't planning on buying anything and we certainly didn't once we got there but we couldn't help but notice that there were added fees on almost everything this place offered. If bottle service to your room is something you think is great enough to pay $80 for, just know that it's another $3 delivery fee, a 21% gratuity and an additional 8.1% sales tax. I mean, they could just say, Jack Daniels, $105 but you know, they want you to think it's more reasonable? Also, when we tried to ask for a late check out the night before we were told that we would have to call back in the morning to see what availability was like and we might be able to extend checkout until noon for free. When we asked what the charge to stay a little later might be we were told that too must wait until tomorrow. Now, the hotel seemed less than half full to us so maybe they thought 400 people were going to magically show up demanding rooms. I don't know, I do not work in the middle aged rock n roll vampire hotel bikini business, so I won't speak out of place. The bed was incredibly comfortable, but seeing as how it looks like something out an episode of True Blood, be aware that the lights are super dim. Our room was a little dimmer than most on account a few of the bulbs being burnt out. The shower looks cool but isn't the most functional thing I've ever seen, I mean, in the way that the water should stay in the shower? Also, while the hallway didn't seem noisy, there was an adjoining room door that was pretty thin. I think the people next to us were having some sort of domestic issue that might have involved some sort of infidelity between friends. We're not sure because we couldn't completely make out what was being said because the door wasn't that thin. The waitstaff in the restaurant was super great, no complaints about house keeping but staff walking around seemed kind of, I dunno, cranky? Maybe because we are fat and over 30 but not fat and over 45 and a group of dads we weren't supposed to be there or something, I dunno. Our Midwestern hipster sensibility must have been detected and not appreciated.
3	One of the smaller hotels in Vegas. My first time spending the weekend in Vegas with my girlfriends here! PRO's- Super fluffy & comfy beds- Rehab pool party - Awesome maid who cleaned up our terrible mess we made - Spacious shower room- I didn't have to pay a dime out of my pocket for the room :)CON's- Off the strip- Blood stain behind the curtain- Blood stain on the pillow- Limited dining options- Couch looked dirty and I didn't feel safe sitting on it...- Room was a lot smaller than I expected considering it was a suite.- You can hear the music booming throughout the night from the club downstairs- Bad shower drainage
4	Came for a stag party. Great base, attentive staff. While the Hotel is off the strip that has it's perks too. Easier to get around. Vegas always has Cab challenges. Ate at several of the restaurants and they were good.Went to Top Rank Boxing at the Joint, perfect venue for almost any event.Andrew Dice Clay at Vinyl was a scream.The Rehab party is everything you've ever heard and more.
5	I stayed at in HRH Towers, which I'm not sure how different they are from the regular rooms, but I absolutely loved this place. I had a corner room on the 10th floor with two full walls of floor to ceiling windows, which let in so much light and provided an awesome view. The room was a lot bigger and nicer than many other Vegas rooms I have seen, and the price wasn't bad at all for how nice this place was. The HRH Tower is around 3 years old, which would explain why everything is really modern and beautiful in the room. I loved the decor (I'm big on hotel decor), the bathroom although only having glass walls, was large, the bed very comfortable, the couches big enough to seat six people, two flat screen televisions, a wet bar, and two closet areas. It's not far from the strip at all, about an $8 cab ride to one of the hotels. If I have a chance to stay here again when I'm in Vegas I definitely will!
1	Will never stay here again. The rooms are dirty, the tv barely works, the bathrooms are extra nasty...clogged drains so you're standing in dirty water from the last guests. Sink is just as clogged, good luck when brushing your teeth. We called for someone to fix it. That didn't happen. The rooms have no usable fridge, microwave, or coffee maker. Carpet is filthy. Everything was horrible.
5	My friend and I stayed here during the majority of our trip.  We booked a king bed, but ended up with 2 full beds with a nice view of the pool.  Thank you staff!When I booked the room, it came with coupons.  Such as a free daybed, free drinks at Vinyl, some coupon deal for Mr. Lucky's during a certain time period, etc.The daybed had a catch to it.  You get a free daybed but you have to spend $100 on food and drinks.  I ended up not going down to the pool because I was enjoying the bed and A/C so much!  I didn't realize Rehab was at this hotel until I saw posters.  I did enjoy the music that was played nonstop throughout the day.The room was really nice, and the beds were fancy looking.  But the walls are kind of thin.  We could always hear our neighbors walking into their room and they were sometime singing/karaoke'ing too.  One night we had a neighbor smoking weed in his/her room, and the smell was seeping through the crack of the door into our room;  I guess that would be a good thing for some people who like to second-hand smoke it for free!Every time my friend and I went out at night and came back to the hotel, she ordered room service.  Such a waste of money.  She ordered a full pizza and chicken wings.  The order came out to around 40 something dollars.  They make you pay a $3 service/delivery fee and 18% gratuity etc.  And if you touch any of the drinks/food in the room/fridge on the sensors, you will be charged a lot.The women who clean the rooms were very nice and friendly.  Every time we asked for more towels, tp, toiletries, we were given ample.  And if you book a room here, you get free wi-fi with good connection.So our trip was supposed to go from Tuesday til Friday, and so we extended our checkout to buy us time.  In the end, we just booked another night because we got so hammered the night prior.  We slept all day and night.  The beds were so soft and comfortable.
1	I have stayed here before, but none since their remodel and new management. Aside from that I probably have been visiting a few times a year whether to eat and/or gamble for the past decade. Overall those visits were ok. So I can't vouch anything recently to do with the hotel side. This review would fall under the 'casino' side of Hard Rock. Specifically regarding the poker room.Before the new poker room opened recently, they intially had one opened near the old parking garage side by Pink Taco. I had gotten a security box there on 9/15/09, which required a $100 deposit. It was fairly busy at first, but it wasn't long before the number of players started dwindling. Upon one visit(I think late 2010/early 2011) found it empty. I walked around to find an employee who could tell me if the room was closed. I got to the main casino floor and managed to catch the pit boss on duty and asked. He said that the poker room closed and couldn't really tell me what happened to the boxes. Most of my inquiring was whenever I visited Hard Rock I would inquire. Next visit I believe I asked the front desk and gotten same answer, they didn't know. I do realize I am also at fault since I didn't aggressively push the issue at first. I kinda figured at the time it wasn't that big a deal that was like an emergency long as I got it taken care of sometime. Dumb move on my part. Only last month did I finally figure I should try to email them since obviously nobody there seemed to be able to tell me anything. So I went onto their website and sent a formal email inquiry on May 15th. I basically outline what I mentioned above and do also state that I do still have my deposit receipt and key. I get the immediate auto-response email saying I will be contacted soon by a HR rep. I wait 3 weeks and nothing. So I sent a 2nd email inquiry on 6/6 rehashing what I wrote in the first email and asking why it would take 3 weeks to even get some kind of response. I actually get a response the next day on 6/7 from Sarah(thankfully someone there is helpful), a Poker room supervisor. She tells me she is told my box has already been drilled open and my deposit was used to cover the cost of materials and labor. And if I required further assistance to contact Mike Decker, director of the casino cage. I did tell her I appreciated her response and will do. I do email Mr. Decker right after just to ask when this occured, out of curiosity. I am still waiting on a response to that email. It is worth noting I had a similar issue at the Venetian but it was handled while I was there the first time and without any problems of getting my deposit back.
3	Damn you Priceline!!! We messed up our bidding and ended up getting the Hard Rock.  I was fairly disappointed because of the distance from the strip and doucey (sp?) Jersey Shore type vibe this place portrays.I was pleasantly surprised...  Without holding the distance from the strip against them this is a nice hotel by Vegas standards.  Our room was in the new tower and although basic was big with an even bigger bathroom.  Seriously you could fit a queen sized bed in the shower.  Our room was also right above rehab.  While we didn't partake it made for some hilarious people watching.The staff were friendly, helpful, and far from pretentious which was pretty refreshing considering the reputation I thought this hotel had.Would I stay here again?  Probably not due to having to spend a small fortune cabbing it back and forth to the strip to meet up with friends(sure it's only a mile but when I'm only in Vegas for ~48hours my time is valuable).  The hotel itself exceeded my expectations and I would definitely recommend it to friends and family wanting a party themed hotel off the strip.
2	This hotel is off the strip about 1/2 mile. The hotel caters to a very young crowd who are looking to party.They have a couple of pool areas, but the Rehab beach is the place to be. Be aware that if you choose to sit in a chair at Rehab, you will be charged for it (like $50?). There is lots of security, especially on the weekends. I saw a couple fights break out.The rooms are nice. The beds are extremely comfortable.Be aware that they charge you a "resort fee", even if you have a Groupon or some other rate. This covers all the facilities and internet.There are several restaurants on premise. Be prepared to pay. We were staying 3 nights and by day 2 I had found several great eateries in the shopping square across the street (especially the Kazen sushi place).I am 44 and my body is not out of a magazine, so I felt extremely uncomfortable at this resort. I saw they had a dress code in the evening for the casino - which to me means dress nicer. In the case of the Hard Rock Hotel, it means you have to go change out of your swimsuit.This would have been an amazing place to go when I was 30. Now, not so much.
2	The hotel had the date of our reservation wrong.  30 minutes later we finally got our room key.  The room was ok. Carpet was filthy!!! Hair, sand, and who knows what else was all on the carpet. Water pressure was awful in the shower! It literally was sprinkling out of the shower head.  At the pool...the waitress brought us 2 large drinks instead of small...then charged us $78 for 2 drinks and a small fruit plate.Only good part...their Chinese restaurant FU!  Absolutely delicious!
2	I did not stay here but saw a show and gambled. The casino is very dirty and the bathrooms are disgusting.  The bathroom looked liked a bus terminal bathroom, it was gross! I would not visit this establishment again. so disappointed..
2	Summary: even though this hotel is located off the strip it's very easy to find, just look for the big crappy building that says "Hard Rock" on it.   The rooms aren't that great when you factor in the price.   The only reason to consider staying at the Hard Rock Hotel is if you're seeing a concert at The Joint. Otherwise, avoid it.
5	This was my first time staying at the Hard Rock. We were upgraded to a suite when we got there for an extra $30 a night. It was well worth it! We had a view of the pool and the strip. We spent a day at the pool, the service was awesome, we never ha to wait for a drink. The water was perfect, we were there on a Monday, so it wasn't crowded at all. They have adult only pools, which were a perfect place to relax. We spent our time in the sandy pool side! We had dinner at the Culinary Dropout, it was amazing food at reasonable prices! This will forever be my Vegas hotel!
4	This was a really fun hotel, also very nice. However, it is not  place for kids. Not really a family place. It is more of a singles or couples kind of place.
1	I've stayed at the Hard Rock countless times over the last 10 years. I liked several of the dealers as well as the location and size of the casino. But over time, it has changed. Some of the staff is just obnoxiously rude.I get it,you work around drunken reprobates and it get's under your skin. So,since you didn't achieve beyond 800 combined on your SAT scores , you probably don't have many other options,especially with your ugly tatts and makeup. After playing BJ for $25 per hand for hours with over 1k in front of me, one would think I might get more than .75 Cents on my playing card.  This happened multiple times. Not even a freakn BLT could be spared or comped.  Some of the pit bosses ,dealers and even some of the valet's really think they are too glib and slick for everyone.Ironic,they are in the service industry. Peddling indulgences to vacationers. If you can't tolerate being around 21 year old drunken fools, do something else that doesn't require their patronage to pay your rent.When they were remodeling years ago,they didn't even inform us,we had cranes next to our window starting up at 6am. No apologies.No room change.Nothing. Off topic,but who defines "Hard Rock" with memorabilia from Brittney Spears and other top 40 trash? Ill never set foot in there again.
1	Let me preface by saying: DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES STAY AT THIS DISASTER OF A HOTEL!!!My friends and I booked here only because other friends that we were to be meeting wanted to stay here. I was irritated because of it's location off of the strip, but I didn't want to rock the boat, so I acquiesced. Turns out I should have put up the biggest fuss of my life. When we arrived at our room in the casino tower, the card reader at the door was faulty and did not work for the 1st, 2nd or 3rd key. Finally, the fourth key worked. When I entered the room, I saw disheveled sheets, tissues on the bed like somebody had just had a "session" a wet washcloth on the alarm clock CRAWLING WITH ANTS, ANTS ON THE ROOM PHONE  and a HORRENDOUSLY foul order flowed out of the room as well. I called front desk and they moved us to the HRH tower. Definitely nicer but guess what... the SHOWER HAD SLIME ALL OVER THE BOTTOM!!! I wore shower shoes for the rest of the weekend after that. The floor was not vacuumed and so I had room flops as well. Just wholly uncomfortable and dirty. Honestly, there are so many annoying things to tell, so I will save you the rest of the bloody story and just tell you about the cons.CONS:- Rehab will charge you an additional $3 per drink because of some nonsencical LET tax that they don't tell you about ahead of time- They gave us a $50 food credit for the inconvenience, then charged my card for it- Did I mention the DIRT??- OUT OF THE WAY!! You will spend $80 additional on taxis I don't even want to go on. Just save yourself a headache and don't do it!! You've been warned!!
2	It just was not clean. Not fun
4	I used the Priceline "N.Y.O.P." option to book a relatively cheap 3-night Summer Family Getaway to Vegas and must admit that I was initially disappointed with the result. Online reviews aren't favorable and everyone complains about the High Daily Resort fee. (All of the decent Vegas Casinos are heading towards a $25/night charge now. Call the hotel before checking-in so your not surprised at the Front Desk)        Sidenotes before I go into a Pro/Con List: Yes, the pool music is loud but it only adds to the atmosphere. Yes, there is a Cigarette/Mary Jane aroma. You're in Vegas, get your ass out of the room. After 72 hours, I caved and decided I'm a Fan...PRO's- $20 Room Upgrade Trick was Successful (Paradise Tower Rooms are significantly better than Casino Tower. Especially when comparing the bathroom size)- Beds: Comfortable and Clean  - Pool Area: Sunday Rehab Pool party is still lively after all these years- Mr. Lucky's 777 Special (Salad, Mashed Potatoes, Steak & Shrimp for $7.77)  - Casino Layout: Especially if you like Music Memorabilia  - Lots of places Convenient & Liquor Stores nearbyCON's- Off the Strip. (Run App showed 0.89 miles from Front Desk to Strip not 0.4 miles that I read online)- Coupons given at Check-in are a joke- Casino empty at times. Where is everyone?
4	It's no Venetian or Wynn but it's a cute, kitschy casino off The Strip.  We booked there because of a 50% off deal they had on Expedia and think that for the quality of the room, that the $89 was fair.  Sure, the room itself wasn't super cushy, it could have been cleaned a little more thoroughly, some paint could be touched-up and fixtures swapped out...But the service was friendly, both at the front desk and with their room service.The casino itself is kept up better, though. It has a bit of a younger, Jersey-Shore kinda crowd but it's youthful and high-energy on the floor.If you plan on spending $200+ a room then maybe check out the other hotels on The Strip. But if you can snag a deal at The Hard Rock, go for it.
3	Stayed here on a two day room comp in the Paradise Towers. Bed was super comfortable and I slept great after an all night session of poker on the strip.The shower does not drain quickly. No one likes to stand around in dirty shower water.Roommate taking a shower and you need to use the restroom? No problem, there was a restroom right across the hall to use along with a drinking fountain. Never have seen that before!If you are a light sleeper and sleep during the day, I do not recommend any rooms that face the pool as you will hear the pounding beats from the pool dj. I'm a heavy sleeper and I fell asleep quickly after being awake 27 hours in a 24 hour period and I tend to go to sleep with my radio on, so this wasn't a problem to me. My roommate on the other hand, couldn't sleep and complained about the music.Sadly, Hard Rock Hotel is no longer the place to see and be seen other than Rehab on Sundays at the pool. The gaming floor is pretty empty and no longer the packed with people, fun place it once used to be when I played there in the 90'sThe casino did a great job with the expansion and I enjoy the music played in the background throughout the casino, but it's no longer a place I would want to play for any length of time.I wasn't too happy with the service I received at their 24 hour cafe, Lucky's 24/7, but I'll write about that in a separate review.So unless I get another room comp or come for a concert, I don't see myself coming here again in the future too often.
1	This review does not surround the hotel, casino or rooms which are EXCELLENT!but instead THE VALET!I arrived after a 6 hour journey from LA, and was staying during the Motley Crue week so it was very busy! After 3 times around the block and finally getting into the Valet I was told I could not valet the car at the main hotel as it was too busy, and to go to the new Valet at the towers! FINE, I went around again and was greeted very quickly by a portly, aggressive valet member.....He wanted me out of the car before I had even pulled up! I got out and had just a few things to sort out and bring to my suitcase, he took my car keys and asked me the following....."what's the name on the car"I'm not American and did not understand the question, I had hired a car to drive up from LA, so I waked around the back of the car and looked what it said and the replied it's says Lexus Hybrid.....he yelled at me back....."who owns the car", I didn't know he wanted my surname AT ALL! i replied, "Hurtz",  he was a rude, fat, aggressive like an inpatient child! ANYWAY he said really sarcastically ....well what name is on the insurance?, to which I said "It's a hire car and the insurance is from my credit car United.It seemed we had a break down in communication from the get go, mainly due to his lack of speech and communication skills. so I simply said....do you want my surname?He said sarcastically  "Finally, well done"I had just completed a long journey and was not going to let that lie, so I replied....you know a better way of getting my name is to simply ask, what's you surname!!! and I then added "I have never been asked the question. 'what's the name on the car" EVER in my life"He didn't let it go and replied "well I have never met anyone that didn't know what that meant when I asked"I said " I know what it meant, and I answered you correctly..... you were just using incorrect grammar if you wanted my name......... the name on the car is 'Lexus Hybrid"He literally then grabbed the keys and sped off in my car!!!Upon returning to collect my car, which was brand new, there was a HUGE DINT in the bumper!!! I am pleased to know I must have riled him up so much due to his incompetence he had to take it out on my car! Luckily I have insurance for ill tempered, jobs-worth,  valet attendants. HOWEVER I filled a report, but to little avail. Obviously the Hard Rock valet washes their hands of the entire incident and look after their own and THEY claimed my car had been parked only once facing forward and was impossible to have been dented.....AMAZING the lies people can come up with. BECAUSE THIS FAT BARSTEWARD dinted my car!!!!!!!!Never Valeting again to be honest, dishonesty does not sit wellVIVA...
5	This is a very nice casino to spend your Vegas trip. During the week the rooms are super cheap. Mine was $37 a night plus the "resort fee" which adds another twenty bucks. The rooms are nice and each one has a different theme. Mine was for the movie The Fugitive. My friends theme was the mafia and they had a bunch of gangster shit on the walls and in the table. The beds are comfortable. The bathroom is nice and it has a jacuzzi. Room service is incredibly fast. I have never ordered room service in Vegas and gotten it in less than an hour (an hour is actually pretty good). The meal I ordered at HR got to my room in 20 minutes.The pool, Rehab, is set up to look like a beach with sand and free lounge chairs. Other casinos (Planet Hollywood) make you rent a daybed or cabana. Hard Rock does it for free. The pool also has a lazy river, a water slide and swim up blackjack. The cocktail waitresses are all really hot and they come by as frequently as you need them.The casino has all the same stuff you will find everywhere else - blackjack, craps, roulette, slots, baccarat, war, all of those Asian games like Pai Gow and three card poker. The minimum bets here are lower than the casinos on the strip.Be sure to check out Pink Taco. The food is outstanding. They also have a tattoo shop, so don't get too drunk or not everything that happens in Vegas will stay in Vegas.
3	I'm very disappointed with my stay this year. I try to come once a year for my birthday, usually, my experience is pleasant. However, this year changed it all. I arrive at my hotel and was able to check in early, which was nice. I get to my room and the bathroom light is almost dark, I call maintenance and they  changed it pretty quickly. The sink to my bathroom did not drain, by the time I get around to call the front desk, the room phone doesn't work! Washing my hands and face was kinda gross because the water didnt drain! Same issue with the shower...yuck! I feel that the hotel should pay a little more attention to their rooms. 3 of my others friends were staying, and same issue, rooms falling apart...not cool!
1	I don't mind paying money for a good hotel stay and I was never compelled to write a bad review for hotels I stayed like this time. 1) Mandatory resort fee of $22- not worth it for what is offered for- shuttle and internet2) My internet did not work and I was on the phone to connect to front desk twice for 20 mins- i gave up. The phone finally did not work for some reason. 3) the room does not have a refrigerator and outlets are not near bed. Only on one side far from bed. 4) The employees in the pool are extremely rude. They might be good looking. Bartender looked very unhappy and had a bad vibe and charged me $16 for the worst margarita I had ever without a single drop of alcohol. I want to love this hotel because I love the pool, but I don't think I will come back here.
2	Unless you are 23 and don't give a shit- Don't stay here. It's a mob scene check in, and virtually no service is offered to the guest because they are s busy and understaffed.. In a two day stay I went through 8 keys unable to get into my room. It took 3 hours for someone to come and change the battery in my door so I could actually get into my room.I left my room the first day at 10:30AM - I returned at 4:15PM and it still wasn't cleaned.WIFI in the room is virtually unusable.
2	The review is for the Casino Tower, which may make a difference since my room was probably one of the least expensive.The furniture was kind of like ikea quality, which is not a big deal for me, but the bathroom was looking rough, just kind of like maintenance was not a priority. The walls were painted white but had foot prints on them, like someone had been kicking the wall.The room was a good size and the beds were super comfortable, but unless you are in your early 20's I wouldn't recommend this hotel. You could hear drunk people running down the hall and acting crazy at all times.My room was in the 4th floor and overlooking the pool. From 10 AM to 7PM they have the loudest music playing in the pool, I had the TV really loud and I still couldn't hear it, I was going CRAZY! I called the reception and they said they couldn't move me because they were at full capacity, so I pretty much had to put up with super loud music all day.The actual casino was nice and not as crowded and trashy as other casinos, in fact since there are not as many people there, is much easier to gamble and get drinks from the waitresses. Parking was never a problem and I never had any issues with anyone from the staff.The hotel is also very close to the strip (NOT ACTUALLY ON IT) but it was a 5 minute drive. Also not staying on the strip was a plus to me since I didn't want to deal with the traffic. This hotel is fine if you are young, wild and broke, otherwise I wouldn't recommend.
4	Great rooms and won plenty on slots!
3	I have to give it only a 3 star because the pool experience was such a hassle I just can't give it any more. The idea of having to go to the parking garage to get a wristband only to have to go through security (bagcheck and a patdown) was the most ridiculous thing I have experienced. I can understand the security part, but to have to do both was a hassle. In the parking garage, we had to see if our bags would fit which they did. Then going to the pool, miraculously it did not fit so we had to go back to our room to switch bags. Even security said the dimensions were different. Oh and God forbid you bring gum, medicine or your compact! This was on a Saturday and really no different than any other pool so I was really confused as a guest.On a lighter note, the staff was great and funny. Very accommodating for the most part. My friend got upgraded so we did stay in a different tower (not one we signed up for) so that was interesting. Our room was not cleaned until well after the normal hours of housekeeping so that was disappointing. We also did the spa and that was AMAZING!!I'm a rocker at heart so the hotel is ok to stay at but hassle was too much to deal with on a vacation.
5	We are frequent visitors to Las Vega and my wife is a little bit picky.  I have to be honest with you -- the Hard Rock Hotel is at the top of our list. After checking other Yelp reviews, I was a little bit worried.  Turns out, the room was great, the casino fantastic, the restaurant, the pools, the fitness center -- everything was fantastic! They even gave us a free upgrade to the HGH Tower without us asking. Room service (which I never usually order) said it was going to take one hour for delivery.  Twenty minutes later I was eating.  We had a little problem with the video we rented not being able to retrieve it, but they were very nice about it & took it off the bill right away.  The location was more convenient than I expected. Cab rides to the strip were $5 - $7.  We're definitely coming back!
5	Stayed here several times and highly recommend it if you are visiting with friends.  Not good for family with kids well kinda.  For the summer pool parties it is fun fun fun.
3	This place has gotten pretty ghetto.  If you've ever walked down the strip and seen white trash drinking mixed drinks out of a yard, I'm pretty sure this is where they stay.Inconveniently located a mile OFF The Strip, I grabbed a room at the HRH&C merely because it was offered for $45.  I had gambled and been to shows at The Joint before but never stayed there so . . . what the hell.  Why not?I thought the rooms were fairly decent despite the fact I paid an additional $35 to 'upgrade' to a corner room in the Paradise Tower which gave me a gorgeous view of a dirt lot.  The beds were over-the-top soft (which I viewed as a negative -- but, to each their own when it comes to mattresses).  I did love the enormous shower so . . . there's that.If you're a middle-aged man with a tribal tattoo arm band who raises hell when LMFAO's 'Shots' comes on the airwaves, a twenty-something dude with full sleeves and a fauxhawk who has seen every episode of Jersey Shore, if you're a skank with giant angel's wings tattooed on your back (slightly covered by your long peroxide hair), if you are in town from Barstow for the weekend and you're sleeping eight to a room, you all brought your own pillows with atrocious colorful pillow covers and you're hauling coolers and cases of beer up to your room for an 'epic pre-game'-- this is your place!!!!!(Update -- I just read Kevin Federline got married here the weekend I visited so . . . yeah.  I think that pretty much validates my review)
4	Stayed in Paradise tower 5th floor, the theme is dark black guess its called rocker which is okay for me, not sure for others. It's a bidding result from Priceline under 4 stars hotel, quite a deal on price, can see the hotel is trying to improve the reputation. Love the Rehab pool, a nap in free daybed without waitress keeps coming over to wake you up is so free and relaxing.
1	We stayed because we found a good deal on groupon and didn't mind the distance from the strip...however even for the price, super disappointing experience. When I called for check in time I was told 3, when we arrived i was told between 3 and 4.. We didn't get a room until 445 and that's after me having to complain. The bell boy at the desk was extremely rude and unprofessional, even cursed at me. Like I get we're at the hard rock but really?! I called the maid service for extra towels and had to wait almost hour to receive them. All in all the staff is rude and everything at this hotel was difficult. I've stayed at hotels that were even cheaper and had a better "5 star" experience.
3	place is okay, i always stay when it has deals. loved the suite but it sucked that when u remove an item it bills you (i have kids), the pool is great but the price for rehab sucks, 25 or 50 for bnext gyest after ;-( sucks!! anyway the houskeeping was cool and smoking room was better than regualr :-)
3	I stalked TA before my trip to Vegas and read review after review about Hard Rock. I like to know what to expect when I vacation.I'll make this as simple as I can:1. Hotel is off strip located a few minutes from the airport. Folks say the walk to the strip isnt too bad - I did not make the walk because I would have had to walk alone. Didn't really feel like testing my fate.2. Room was in the Casino tower - view wasn't fantastic because we had a street view. Had a clear view of the airport and could lay in bed and watch the planes come in and out. I DID NOT HAVE A COFFEE MAKER IN MY ROOM - I had to walk downstairs each morning for coffee. I won't lie, this sucked.3. My bed was FANTASTIC. All the fantastic things you've heard about the comfort of the bed are correct. I loved the bed. You sink in the bed when you sit down thanks to the featherbed and there's a light down comforter. The bed is amazing ... comfortable ... heavenly ... Fantastic.4. Our bathroom was not updated - wasn't too big of a deal because I could still take a shower and get clean.5. Minibar madness in the room .... Mini fridge and a display on the desk full of items for you to purchase. Save your money and walk across the street.6. Subway, CVS and a liquor store are across the street. There's also a ton of food places in strip mall with CVS. Make the walk over, you'll save a ton of cash.7. Lots of people complain about the music in the hotel ... you're staying at HARD ROCK. I love music and didn't have any issues with the volume of music or the music playing. I loved the selection of music.8. Didn't see lots of big winners ... if you're planning on gambling, you might want to make your way over to the strip and spend your money there.9. Pools - there are different pools - ALL POOLS EXCEPT NIRVANA HAVE A MINIMUM $50 DRINK AND FOOD CHARGE. If you don't want to pay the minimum to sit in the chairs, head over to the Nirvana pool. You're not charged a fee to sit in the chairs at that pool.10. Restaurants - there are a few different restaurants ... Mr. Lucky, Pink Taco, FU, Culinary Dropout, Nobu and 35 Steaks. I ate at FU, Mr. Lucky and Pink Taco. Nothing spectacular ... standard food and standard overpriced entrees.
1	Our room was a big disappointment. No refrigerator, microwave or coffee maker in room. The bed was HORRIBLE. It was lopsided & I felt like I was going to fall out of it. This hotel is definitely geared for the younger crowd, if you're over 25 you'll probably feel a little out of place. The resort fees are a huge rip off. The wifi is garbage, my phone stayed on 3G the whole time due to the fact it could never connect to their wifi. Finally, tried to check out using the express check out on the TV, system down. Would not stay here again.
4	HRH is growing on me.  About six years ago I was disappointed in the food choices, room quality and pricing.  Now, the rooms are much more luxurious, including an ipod docking station allowing you to play your tunes throughout the bedroom and bathroom.  The studio suite is stylish, modern yet with that warm romantic feel making it a perfect place for a get away with your love (or lover)  The food is steadily improving as Culinary Dropout, 35 Steaks and Martinis, FU, Pink Taco and a revamped Mr. Lucky's offer excellent food.  The Ainsworth is a hip club (but don't eat there) with reverse karaoke (you pick the song, the regular singer sings it) on Fridays.  Rooms at the HRH range between 30-150 per night depending on your method of booking and the conventions in town but you can usually find a suite for 50-70 on hotwire or travelocity.  The staff is always friendly and offer upgrades at checkin depending on availabilty, for a fraction of the price to book them separately.The casino is smallish and dark but lit up by a wide variety of slots. BIG PLUS - IT DOESN"T SMELL LIKE THEY DIPPED THE HOTEL INTO AN ASHTRAY WHEN THEY BUILT IT.  It is hard to find tables during crowded nights  so keep your money and head to the pool/rehab bar for eye candy and tunes. My biggest beef with the HRH is the Joint.  Oh, I like seeing an act there, but the entrance to the joint is in the middle of the hall from the main parking to the casino.  There is a small hallway there and when there is a big event, usually heavy metal, or some kind of punk band, you have to push your way through throngs of concert goers as they rarely have organized lines.I also wish they offered a better gaming card.  The offers I get are either a few dollars off restaurants or play $20.00 use 10$ freeplay.  Still, for a reasonable getaway right in the middle of my hometown, you can't beat the Hard Rock.
3	We only stayed here one night on the way south to arizona but i think the hotel was ok.  Rooms are big and "rock n roll" furnished in black and red mostly, at least in the Paradise Tower where we stayed.  I liked it! Beds are comfy and we had a view of the pool area that looked nice even though we didnt have time to test it this time. The hotel as i guess most people know is about amile away from bustle of the strip. We didnt mind since it was only for 1 night and we like to walk. If i where staying there for several nights with the only purpose to party (after all its Vegas.....) i would probably choose something on the strip instead.   Ive seen some complaints about the "resort fee" that you have to pay even though you have prepaid the stay on expedia, hotels.com etc. This is like all Las Vegas resorts so you will have to pay it even if you stay somewhere else.
1	Disclaimer: This is the most critical review I've ever written.  I am conscious of the negative aspect of internet culture that allows people to make unduly harsh comments at a high rate.  With that in mind, these are my honest feelings about my stay.  As soon we arrived, we were hit with 80's hair metal cranked to 11 with no place to escape, except our room. On every inch of the hotel prepare to enjoy Dokken's greatest hits, and that deep cut from Warrant.  Our sleep this weekend was interrupted by the person who thought it was wise to decorate the hallways with actual drum cymbals.  I'm wondering if anyone during the design process considered the possibility that some guests might try to show off their drumming skills on the way back to their rooms after a night of drinking.  Needless to say, there were a lot of John Bonham wannabee's staying on the 9th floor. Keeping with the theme of sleep deprivation, we were couldn't sleep due to the blinking smoke detector installed right above our bed.  When all the lights were shut off, and the black curtains were closed, the blinking smoke detector lit up the room like the lamest rave imaginable. This could go on for pages, so I'll continue with a shorthand checklist of problems:- Guest Services was terrible.  I had to call 5 times to get an engineer to the room to fix the air conditioning.- There were no responsible adults to be seen on staff.  All the employees are either in Motley Crue shirts, or working valet.  I really felt like if I complained about anything, they would shrug their shoulders and say "sucks bro." - There is no place to relax in the hotel unless you want to pay 25 dollars for the spa.  The pool is a giant party filled with cellulite and Bro culture. - The food tasted cheap,  like it was cooked by the gallon and over-sauced.At least the bed was soft. Don't stay here unless you miss your freshman dorm.
4	This would probably be my favorite hotel - if I were 10 years younger. However; the plastic people at Rehab and drug scene is no longer my thing. What it reminds me of is MTV's Spring Break show (filmed in Daytona Beach, FL). Don't get me wrong, the place is awesome - especially the pool. Who doesn't mind running into a rock star now and then?? My friend met Tommy Lee and Vince Neil in the casino - on 2 separate occasions and we met  the band AFI at our blackjack table. It's a crap shoot (no pun intended) but if you are going to see anyone famous in Vegas, it'll probably be here. I love having a balcony that faces the pool...but only when I am pre-funking and getting ready to go out. Try taking a hangover nap midday in that same room and you will be screaming for a cot in a janitors closet, if it means peace and quiet.I'm surprised they still have balconies, considering the suicide rate in Vegas, but the view from each is totally killer! Again, no pun intended. I have no idea if the buffet is any good, because we eat every meal at the Pink Taco. Why? Because I could eat Taco Bell every day and this is like TB times ten! The prices aren't bad either. Honestly, the only sucky thing about the Hard Rock - if I had to come up with something - is the jaunt to the strip. Sure, you can catch a cab...but that's money that should be spent by the pool. On $15 drinks. Yeah, that sucks too...but who wants to be inside gambling to get free watered down drinks when you can have a drink in your hand as you experience "Rehab" (pool party). Body English (formerly "Babies") is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas...as well it had better be - to keep people from jumping into said cabs to the strip. Really, the hotel-casino has done a very good job making the joint (a play on words; also a rock and roll concert venue inside the casino) somewhere you do not want to leave.  This is a spot that you don't mind paying a little bit extra for.
2	This review is for the rooms in the CASINO TOWER only (I've heard the Paradise tower is awesome). One big plus: the front desk people we dealt with through the entire trip were wonderful! Super helpful and friendly, great job there. When we walked into our room (on the third floor with a lovely view of the parking lot) it was pretty nice looking and decently sized for the price. The first big issue we ran into was the AC; after about an hour with it cranked up as high as it could go, it was still hot. Mind you, this is August in Vegas with outside temps over 110, so a good AC is a necessity, not a luxury. We called to have it serviced and the guy came up and removed some fan and cleaned it and said it would work, well, it didn't. The guy said it was motion activated, so when we went to sleep, the room turned into a sauna. Our friends in the room next door had the same issue, so I think this is just a crappy old building. Also, the only fridge they had was for the mini-bar, which I think is a little ridiculous. Next issue was the hot water, or lack thereof. You had to leave the shower on for 10 minutes just to get warm enough to step into! Also, on several occasions our key cards mysteriously stopped working and we had to walk down to the front desk to get new ones.
4	Ah I miss the Twitter deals of yesteryear that would get me to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino for $50 a night in the Paradise Towers. Sadly those no longer happen but I'll always fondly think of it as where I stayed for my 21st birthday... and some random weekend in April 2010... and my 23rd birthday....Wow. Time flies.Unless you have a pool facing view, avoid the Casino rooms and go for the Paradise Towers instead. It's worth the price increase. Paradise rooms are all new with awesome amenities and plushy beds to lay your weary head down for for 45 minutes. They just feel so much cleaner. Think of it this way, less coke has been blown in the Paradise rooms compared to the much older Casino rooms.As you might have guessed, the crowd that stays here is more of the "young-and-forever-a-rocker-at-heart" variety. I would never consider this a family friendly place unless you like the idea of explaining alcohol and (especially) drugs to your children at a very young age. Save the kiddos for the Bellagio or something more PC.This hotel has lots of fun restaurants inside to recover from at all hours of the day. I think every time I stayed here I ended up at Mr. Lucky's 24/7 at some ungodly hour noshing on something deep fried covered in fat. It was heaven. There's also Pink Taco for your normal eating pleasure as well as Nobu to indulge in fancy sushi.It's also home to my favorite pool on the strip, Rehab and Vanity Nightclub. Rehab. Really, the pool is the best. Softly sloping sandy beaches, palm trees, islands and cabanas all around. Rehab, the HOTTEST pool party in Vegas takes place at their pool every Sunday from April through October. Vanity is their new club that basically replaced Body English which opened in 2009.Bottom line: the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino is located off the strip which can be a pain but it is definitely worth the trip if you are coming or staying for the pool and Rehab!Oh and I really want to stay in the Provocateur Suite one of these days... *hint hint wink wink*
5	I am a fan of Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. Not only is it off strip with two parking structures located on each end, it is one of the places I spot celebrities (in their natural habitat) hanging out with their friends. My last trip yielded the likes of Ron Jeremy, DJ Ashba (of Guns and Roses), and Courtney Love headed to Vinyl where she was performing (which was the whole reason for my visit).Like all Hard Rock cafes, the place is littered with memorabilia and because there is so much more space than the traditional cafe set up there are proper displays. I've seen the iconic Britney Spears "Baby One More Time" outfit, Madonna's cone bra, so much Beatles merchandise my head will spin in a Exorcist fashion. The rooms in the place are nice and offer some great views of the strip (be sure to ask for a room that faces West (this will also make you hate the sun a whole lot less. If that isn't available ask for a room over looking the pool. The rooms are lush and have large bathrooms and beds that feel like you're sleeping on a cloud. All guest have access to the hotel gym which is HUGE. As a local, it rivals a lot of the nicer gyms in town.The restaurants in this place are amazing. Mr. Lucky's is open 24/7 and has a secret menu, Culinary Dropout, and Pink Taco also serve mighty awesome offerings and are not overly priced. There is also a really nice steak house, too. The Hard Rock is awesome with nightlife as well. Body English nightclub and afterhours is amazing! Plays a lot of house music, has a hip hop room. Vanity is well, vanity. I am not sure if it is actually open anymore or not. It is a nice, small, intimate venue. The pool on Sundays turns into Rehab, the party that single-handedly created Daylife in Vegas (daytime adult (21+) pool parties). The is a bar located in the middle of the main casino called Circle Bar. For Vegas, the drinks are reasonably prices and the ogling of celebrities can easily be done.Hard Rock, rocks hard.
5	WE LOVED THIS HOTEL. My new husband and I stayed in their tower suites for our honeymoon and we loved it from start to finish. The gentleman who checked us in to our hotel at the Tower Check-in desk was super professional (without being TOO robotic) and friendly and made check in really easy. The Queen SUITES. HUGE for just a standard suite. Two Flat screen TV's, a HUGE bathtub (which hell yes I did), Down comforters on both beds -- REALLY COMFORTABLE. The Elevators from the Parking Garage are right near the Tower check in. The only little tiny gripe I had was the music playing system in our room. Not even a big deal -- it still played music and had an iPOD dock and we really didn't use it much so big whoop. We decided this was going to be our go-to place for our Vegas trips from now on! We booked our three night stay for $275 through BOOKIT.COM (HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETTING ON THIS SITE AND BOOKING DURING THEIR SALES) We ordered room service and the gentleman bringing up the food was awesome and super friendly. Totally worth it. The casino floor is nice and clean and smoke-free. Music blasting because, hello, you're at the Hard Rock, and they had a real nice display of memorabilia. I RARELY give out Five star reviews for anything. This place in my opinion definitely deserved it. Cool, relaxing Vegas experience.
4	My room was clean, enough.  The chair had stains on it but I just didn't use it.  The staff was super friendly and even got me an early check in because I got in before 3PM.  Location isnt ideal but the pool was still pretty solid even with bad weather.
5	Stayed here two nights. LOVED it. The hotel was definitely more hotel than casino which I really liked. The rooms were beautiful and all the staff at the hotel and restaurants were great. The bed and pillows were soooo comfortable. The music they play throughout the hotel is great and there weren't all the loud slot machine sounds as you walked through the hotel either. I will definitely stay here again as my wife and I had a great time!!!
2	We just stayed at the Hard Rock over Labor Day weekend. I love the scene at the Hard Rock. Loud music, young crowd etc. but I was so disappointed in our last stay. When I booked with them we asked for a pool view. Upon checking in the gave us a "mountain side" view. No mountains just the back of an ugly building and roof. We asked to be moved so they upgraded us to a pool side room. They did not inform us however this would be an additional $25 a night. I thought I had already booked a room with a pool view?!? We get to our new room and the view of the stage is amazing we are so excited, only to get changed to go party and notice puke all over the room (lamp shade, floor, even ceiling). They made us wait there for a housekeeping manager to come inspect it. She apologized, but didn't really care. They moved us for the 3rd time in an hour to the last room at the hall with no pool view again. It was so frustrating!! The manager told us she would give us a $50 food and drink comp and wave our resort fees. We said great, thank you!! Upon checkout there was no manager to be found and we had to fight with the checkout host to get about 10 random charges taken off of our bill. We were charged for Jack Daniels that apparently was set off by the motion detector, upgrading to different rooms, the resort fees and food and beverage that they said they would comp. We tried to explain to him what had happened, but he said because there was no manager he could only wave one resort fee. I find it hard to believe that there is not one manager in the building to speak with. We ended up paying a huge bill and I had to deal with the whole mess when we got back. The hotel is very fun, but the Hard Rock's level of customer service was disappointing. We came to have fun, spend money in their casino and any chance they got, they tried to rip us off upon checkout. As much as I enjoyed my stay the first time at the Hard Rock, we will not be going back again. What a headache!!
1	NICE ROOM BUT MONEY STOLEN FROM MY BAG INSIDE MY ROOM!!It was nice when we arrived. The front desk was very nice and the room was better than expected. But that's when it got bad. We stayed two nights for my friends bachelor party. So as you would expect, we would sleep in until about noon. Housekeeping entered our room both days without knocking and began servicing our room without even asking. After our room was serviced, we went to the strip during the day. We come back and our keys don't work. Security let us in. When we finally got into our room, I noticed my bag was open and items were not where I had left them. $250 cash and my Oakley sunglasses case were missing. I called security to report it and they were very friendly and apologetic. I filled out a report with them and was told I would be contacted within 48 hours.By the time the report was filed and I got back to the room, my new key that front desk had just made for me, did not work. Called the front desk who sent an engineer to look at the door. The engineer was friendly and said it was an issue with the keys, not the door. We went back downstairs to the front desk to get another set of keys. These keys finally worked. By this time, it was 10:30pm and the line to the club we were going to was very long. The staff for the club said it would take at least two hours to get in from where we were in line. We had planned on being in line at 9pm, but because of the circumstances above, we were not able to do so.Our plan to go to the club was ruined and we ended up walking the strip back to the hotel as all the other clubs were just as busy. So the bachelor missed out on the club he wanted to go to.At checkout the next day, I mentioned the stolen money to the concierge agent. There was no apology. She just said risk management would get back to me in 48 hours.We checked out Sunday and the money was reported missing on Saturday. I had not received any call by Tuesday, so I left a message with risk management Tuesday night. I did not receive a call by 3:30pm Wednesday so I called and left another message. They called me back at 4:30pm Wednesday to tell me it was a busy weekend and they hadn't started the investigation of my stolen money yet and would call me back when the investigation was completed. And she wanted to make it clear that the hotel is not responsible for any stolen belongings unless they are in the room safe.So five days after my money and sunglasses case were stolen from my closed bag, I have no answers. It seems the hotel allows their employees to go into guest's bags and take anything they want.
4	I just love our room! Got an upgrade for a lux suite! 20dollar trick works!!
4	My experiences with the Hard Rock hotel over the last few days have felt very much like a shaky relationship. Ups and downs. Disappointments and pleasant surprises. I've had moments where I wanted to kick the Hard Rock out to the curb, followed by blissfully comfortable moments.Let's start with the good stuff.1. 24/7 room and desk service. That mimosa and Mediterranean platter hit the spot, and the cart was rolled right up to the bed.2. A pretty spectacular pool area. I'm going to be taking advantage of that in the morning.3. Cool shops, including a tattoo parlor, clothing store, cafe/deli, Mexican restaurant, watch shop, and little knick knack store.4. Beds so soft and inviting, they're hard to get out of.5. A fully stocked mini bar in the room.6. A ginormous shower in the hotel bathroom.7. Hip rooms with lovely dark decor (aside from the white bedspreads).The stuff that makes me want to sign the divorce papers:1. I feel like they jipped us on the room. I had a voucher worth a $130 credit, and they demanded we stay at least two nights (we only intended to stay one night due to the prices).2. We reserved a king room. Upon check in, they said the "requested" room had been given to someone else, so we'd have to pay for an upgrade (to get our originally reserved deal??) or take the two queens. Two beds it is!3. The staff can be hit or miss. Some seem to be over privileged punks; some are quite friendly.4. We were told we would have a balcony room. Nope, no balcony.5. The pricing on the room items is insulting. $8 for a small bottle of water or a plastic roll of Skittles... Classy.I guess if you want to stay at the Hard Rock, you've gotta be a rockstar, or at least be able to afford rock star commodities. But the hotel itself is fairly new, well designed, and has an entertaining selection of rock star paraphernalia.Fine, Hard Rock. Let's give this thing a shot. I'm burning the divorce papers and pouring us some shots.
4	HRH was cool!We stayed between two places.     Compared to the Palazzo - this place was younger and cooler in my opinion.  If you are looking to be close to the strip - this place is not for you. The Pool:HRH - has a huge pool and music throughout the complex.    I highly recommend renting a cabana if you are with a group.    We had 6 guys in our group and had the cabana all day.    The pool provides a sand bottom in some areas as well as the traditional pool floor in other areas.    The Gambling:Preferred the Palazzo.   Not as cool or good.   You can lose your money at both places easily.The Food:The Palazzo has more options but I really enjoyed Mr. Lucky's Diner.    Pink Taco was okay / nothing to rave about.    Enjoy your time... you are never in the hotel room anyway.
1	For my bachelorette party weekend, I wanted to send some stuff to the hotel instead of bringing it with me on the plane. I called the hotel and asked them how it would work. They never once mentioned a 'handling fee' to receive boxes. Granted, it was only $35 but I still feel cheated with all these ridic fees (there's a $23 resort fee when you check in).
3	Stopped in to scope the place out as my first visit to a Hard Rock property and was impressed with the vibe it's very out going, a lot of energy from the crowd's gambling in here, it's loud.. just one of these places it has it's own clientele that I didn't feel I fit in with unless I was drunk.. did not gamble in the place but over all it's a unique property doesn't have your typical casino feel it's more like a hard rock restaurant placed inside a casino if you can imagine with a lot of pictures and memorabilia to boot..
4	Stayed at the HRH in the Casino Tower this past Sunday thinking the crowd from the recent fight would be gone. Just to find out that there was an event at the HRH with Nelly making an appearance. Therefore the crowds did not die down as expected. Oh well, did not affect us getting our reserved room. The room itself in the casino tower was adequate enough for the night. The bed was heaven... pillow-top heaven! That is probably the norm now here in Vegas, but it has been a while since I've been back. Though I do have to say, since the casino itself was crowded for the event. It affected the queue to the lucky 24-7 cafe downstairs which made us go outside the casino for a midnight meal. Overall it was a your standard Vegas room, albeit in the older one of their towers. Would I stay here again? If I got the same deal again... Definitely!!
1	I had the worse experience of my life in Vegas! We spent so much money getting a cabana at the Rehab pool party and then had some random girls sneak into VIP and steal all of our stuff. This didn't just include my cabana but it also included 3 other cabanas next to us. I called security right away and their response to me was "You're in Vegas what do you expect" well to answer your question is I don't expect to spend all this money and then have all my belongings stolen. I expect security to do its job and to be able to have a security surrounding. The customer service and lack of help was unreal. I couldn't believe such a "prestige" hotel didn't give a damn about their customers. I personally had my iPhone 4S, my FL driver license, credit card, debit card, and cash stolen. I would never go back nor recommend this hotel!!!!!!! This is completely outrageous!!!! WORSE PLACE EVERRRRRR
1	If you like hot water in your suite, this may not be the hotel for you.  Called several times over 3 day period trying to get them to address the problem.  Their ongoing answer for the problem was to "let the water run" and they have had problems during certain times of the day.  Attempted 4 times over 3 days to get a manger to call me back and never received one call.  Even attempted to contact their corporate offices in FL with no better luck.  What a joke!  Cool casino but hotel not recommended.Looking for the best bang for the buck on a suite, check out the MGM Signature.  Much nicer suites with full kitchen, excellent service, better views and yes... the managers will return your calls.Todd
1	Worst hotel I've ever been to. Dirty room (suit) really bad service and no one gives a fuck about your complains...Now lying in my bed and realized the TV does not work .... Never ever again ... Service as beeing on an festival for lots of bucks....
3	This place is great if you find fun within the hotel for the night! I do not recommend trying to walk to the strip from here! Its farther than it looks and can get seedy. The rooms are typical hard rock and really funky and fun! Great for a weekend feeling nostalgic and sexy! Room service is excellent and they have great clubs and pools!
4	Will have stayed here three times in the recent weeks.  Years back I used to find the casino a bit annoying here because it's was smaller and crazy busy.  Now with the newer tower and a good stable of long time restaurants I find the place appealing as a guest.  The king casino tower suite was very nice, cool decor, and would stay there again.  Last time we were supposed to get a king suite in the newer tower but they were booked so they upgraded us to the boom boom suite.  Very cool and huge room equipped with a stripper pole.  Gotta love Vegas.  Cool hotel and will be back.
1	My husband and I stayed here last weekend. We made a reservation 6 months ago. We got a confirmation email that said "no need to call to confirm, your reservation has been made and your room will be available upon arrival"....However when we arrived we were told that paying for a room in advance "is only a request for a room, it doesn't mean that one will be made available". So when we got there....no room. We were told to hang out and we would be called in an hour when one was to be available, after 2.5 hours we called management and they found us a room when we asked for our money back. THEN, when checking out of the hotel (minutes after leaving our room), I realized I left my heirloom ring on the nightstand, but they wouldn't allow me back in the room to retrieve it, the maid said there was no ring there (I know there was) and I was told that someone would call me to help me retrieve it. That was 2 days ago. No one has called me back. I have since called 7 times to talk to someone to get it, only to be transferred to many people who all tell me that they'll look into it and call me back....still waiting. My next call is to an attorney! DO NOT RENT A ROOM FROM THIS PLACE!!!! I came with a group of 10 people who ALL had bad experiences with this hotel. And I will do whatever I have to, to let EVERYONE know what they are in for at this place!
1	It was ok
3	It was a very impromptu and spontaneous trip to NV! My friend booked rooms at the Hard Rock, interesting environment, I PROBABLY won't be staying here again but I think if your looking for something that's reasonable and close to the strip this would be your best bet pretty much?!  The downstairs lounge area with the pool tables was pretty fun and unexpected! :)  It's like a Holiday Inn, It's a 5 star for BASIC Hotels!**FACTS**Cons:It is a BIT grungy.No good food selection at the hotel.Rooms are subpar.Pros:Casino located in the hotel!Comfy Beds and Pillows!Pretty Quiet.Body English is a fun club!
2	Probably one of my worst hotel stays in Vegas and I travel monthly here for work.  My company paid for a non smoking room in the paradise tower, non smoking rooms were not available in this tower when I checked in.  They offered an upgrade for one night in a suite but I would have to move for my second night or a non smoking room in their older tower for both nights.  I opted for the older tower, moving mid stay is ridiculous.Second, room service was awful.  I ordered the French dip, the sandwich wS reheated, partially burned, and the fries were stale.  On top of this, they didn't include a glass of water, I ended up paying $7.50 for the water in the room bar.I left this review at 2 stars since the room was still clean and the service workers were not rude, not spectacular either, more luke warm, 2 star quality.
4	I didn't visit anything more than their concert area.  I saw a Motley Crue concert, and it was great.  It was a relatively small stage/venue, but the seating was great.
1	Ok I'm sitting here in my room holding my bladder! I'm here for my cousins wedding.. I just checked in which by the way wasn't a good experience. I always bring water with me because I drink it all day long. I was told by the Bell Hop I was not aloud to bring it in and to read the rules near the entrance. I was hoping to be able to bring my organic apples and strawberries as we'll but he said no coolers, no food, no water, nothing. So that really puts a damper on trying to eat healthy. Then we waited in line for about 45 min and they had our reservation incorrect with the payment. Uuuur so than we get to the room and there is black stuff all over the toilet and toilet paper in it. So I thought I would take the time to write this review. Time elapsed so far after calling house keeping 45 min. I have to pee!!!!! Oh and there is a lovely throw up stain on the chair ottoman. Seriously feel like I need to take a shower in bleach. This hotel needs to be cleaned. Absolutely unexceptable! But what's the worst I'm missing by cousin wedding dinner at the moment waiting for then to clean the room.
5	This review is for a venue in the Hard Rock,Jacque Lu Cont. did a 45 minute set opening for PSB! His set was amazing! Then the show I came to see The Pet Shop Boys did a show for almost two hours long!!!!What an amazing show! They did there old stuff from the 80-90 and tons of remixes,what an amazing show!WOW! To say the least!My mind was blown.
4	In addition to the awesomeness I wrote about earlier this year at the Hard Rock, I wanted to add this info about the Hard Rock Pool Complex in Summer:Not sure where to post about the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Pool Complex when you're not actually talking specifically about Rehab, which is what you hear about the most so I'll post this here and on the page for the hotel.  But, the coolest thing about the Hard Rock Hotel Pool Complex is that during the week, you can use the pools for FREE!  Yup, I said free!When we walked in there wasn't anyone around to direct us or check us or anything, so we just grabbed some towels and started wandering to see where we wanted to hang out.  The first thing we saw was the Rehab pool area and there was a DJ booth set up, the big pool and then a bar and swim up gaming that was not being used while we were there.  The pool continued on the other side and around the bar and on that side, there was a water slide.  I was happy about that as I love waterslides!  We wandered until we found a spot that had a little sun, but plenty of shade, too as the husband likes to stay in the shade.  We got settled in and after a little while decided it was time to take a dip. OH HELL NO!  The pool was so freaking cold I could not stay in it... we headed to the Jacuzzi to warm up and I knew there was no way I was hitting THAT waterslide.  The water was like ice water.  That would explain why so few people were in it.  I was pretty bummed, but we went back toour lounge chairs and did some reading.  Oh, by the way, near the DJ side of the pool there are VERY few chairs... if you want to sit, you need to rent the daybeds, etc. that are available, but as you head to the other side, you will find some chairs, but not many!After we'd been there a couple of hours, we decided to go try the little pool near the top of the waterslide to see if it was warmer (it wasn't) and then we saw a sign for another pool, so started exploring.  What we found were more cabanas that are above the DJ area and another pool, Breathe.  Unfortunately, Breathe was closed so we couldn't even see it, but then we noticed just around another corner was the Nirvana pool and thank you, this one was warm enough to swim in and there was a pool near the bar that was seriously warm.  We picked up our gear and headed over to Nirvana, aptly named at this point.Nirvana has a sandy beach on one side and the other side is your standard tile pool.  It is also surrounded by cabanas and there is a bar with some bar games and it looks like they do swim up gaming when they are busier.It's unfortunate that the other pools are so freezing, but its nice to know that there was still a pool that is swimmable.  I just wish we'd discovered it earlier in the day!I loved the layout and the landscaping of the Hard Rock pools.  The option for non-guests to visit for free during the week is AWESOME, but I think they make up for it with the outrageous drink prices, so we stuck to the free ice water they set out.  I just can't drop $20 on a 12oz drink.  YIKES!I definitely recommend you check this out when you're pool hopping Vegas like we do in the summer and we will totally be back if they do this next summer!
1	Do NOT book this hotel EVER. Worst Vegas stay!!! Where do I even begin with the crappiest hotel experience?We stayed here over Columbus Day weekend for a friend's 30th Bday celebration. We got a king suite with an adjoining two queen room in the Paradise Tower. Strike 1: They advertised a pullout couch and there was NO pullout couch. We called for a rollaway which they wanted to charge $20 a night. Excuse me? False advertising and I have to pay for it?! Called three times until finally got the rollaway in the room delivered. Strike 2: Asked for Nonsmoking room but the room reeked of smoke which did numbers on my allergies. I know I'm in Vegas, but I don't have to breath that crap while I sleep.Strike 3: the shower did not drain and water pooled up to my ankles. Called maintenance to repair and yet again they didn't show. Left for Pool/Brunch 4 hrs later returned with it still clogged. Called second time and finally they fixed it after waiting around 30 min before we could get ready for dinner. Strike 4: There is no room in the fridge for your own refreshments and a fridge is again $20 a day.  Seriously for a suite what good is an in room bar without a fridge? For the price of the room it should be available. Guess they don't want you not buying THEIR drinks.Strike 5: As a hotel guest we should get free admission to the day pool parties at least on a guest list. Nope still have to pay- seriously? Marquee Day Club offers this to their hotel guests why can't Hard Rock?Strike 6: the TV cable was so horrible and kept cutting out couldn't play any music stations from that and there was no Auxillary input to plug in our own music thru the TV speakers. When we complained to the reception they only comped us one resort fee wow a whopping $22.50.  I have stayed multiple times at the Hard Rock San Diego which is newer and has better rooms.  They have the aux cable, working showers and correctly advertised rooms. Never ever staying at this Hard Rock hotel!!
5	Got to love the changes at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. The Hard Rock has gone all out to create great value and incentives for slot and video poker players. Unlike most casinos The Hard Rock offers an incentive every single day of the week.The October schedule offer MO/TU/WE: Play and Eat bonus 300/600 points TH: Free logo bag 1000 points FR: Earn points and win cash 6p + 7.30p SA: 7X/15X multiplier SU: Play and earn bonus cash 250 point = $5. Their new deal for senior players "Classic Rockers" starts at 45+ and offers 4 senior days weekly Mo-Th with 7X/15X multipliers plus play and earn Coke bonus starting at just 50 points. All this is in addition to the monthly bonus flier with free Play and food comps.The beverage service is above standard and you can order high quality liquor unlike many other casinos that will sub your drink for a cheaper brand. The place is always nice and clean. Parking is easy and close to casino. Valet parking is less than 50 yard from the casino floor. Players club employees are super friendly and they rarely have any long lines. For the Play and Eat bonus and food comps I like to go to Pink Taco, 35 Steak, Mr. Lucky's and Fu the new Chinese restaurant. This place is definitely my number #1 spot to go gamble. Good luck to all.
1	UPDATE: After 3 weeks and a filed police report, the hotel has done nothing and will not return any of my calls. The police investigator who took my report suggest I send a picture of my stolen ring to management. However NOT ONE MANAGER from the hotel will answer or return my call. The police officer told me she was appalled by how the hotel was handling this situation. Essentially they have written the incident off. Is this a hotel you trust your belongings in?
1	Hard Rock is not what it used to be. We decided to cancel our flights and take a drive from SoCal so that I could bring a cooler with very specific foods, I am gluten and dairy free.  Upon arrival, we waited for valet for 15 minutes and we were one of two cars there. There was no one around.  Finally Fox greeted us, he was very sweet unlike a lot of the other staff. However, he mentioned that they have a new "no cooler" policy and that we could not bring it into the hotel. Since we drove specifically so that we could bring stuff for my dietary needs, my husband and I were not happy campers. One of the bellhops said that the new rule is stated online when you reserve a room, but since we booked with AAA there was no such warning. We checked in and then waited for security to get the OK to bring in the food. We waited another 25 minutes before security came to talk to us. About 10 minutes into the wait time, I had asked a manager how much longer it would be - his response, "Sit tight." After a 4 hour drive and a pain in the ass check-in, all we wanted to do was go to the pool and have a few libations. Finally, Caesar approved the food we had and sent up a mini fridge to the room so we had to unpack the food into our suitcases and then wheel it up so there was no sign of a cooler in the hotel. Lame. We also had wine in the trunk and decided to put that in our suitcase and then the bellhop who was so unhelpful from the start, again said that we can't be taking that into the hotel, all while other people were bringing in bags of booze and food from CVS. We said we got the OK and ended up taking our stuff to the room on our own, which was very far away from the entrance. We were in the Paradise Tower.  The decor of the room was nice, but our room was so dusty! I have photos to prove it! We had housekeeping come in to dust everything and then they also had the air filter changed(apparently it was filthy), but while doing so they bumped the sensor with the snacks and water on it so we had $210 in charges on our statement.  I disputed it and had it removed but that was just another thing to add to our less than fabulous trip. Thank God I had checked that before checking out. On Sunday, a non-Rehab Sunday, there was still a $50 food/beverage charge if you wanted to sit by the main pool. We had just finished eating at the Culinary Dropout (THIS WAS THE ONLY GOOD PART ABOUT THE HOTEL) so we weren't about to spend another $50 each to sit in a chair. All around, we were very disappointed. Needless to say, we will not be coming back.
1	Checked in on a very slow Wednesday night. The employee that checked us in was more than just little rude and was extremely arrogant. She grabbed my AMX and ID out of hands and when I asked her to explain all the charges she acted as if I was "putting her out". She then tossed the credit card and ID on the counter and said in a very rude tone that check out was not later than 11, no exceptions. Now on to the room, the bed was uncomfortable, I found hair in the tub and floor and to top it all off there was a dirty towel left on the hanger on the bathroom door. For all the hotels in Las Vegas it would seem to me that a hotel would want to make sure that customer service and room cleanliness is paramount. I guess this hotel is just about like the food you get at Hard Rock, PURE CRAP!!!!
1	This place is a dump. You should definitely not stay here. I stayed in a room that had a Jacuzzi hot tub, and I asked the manager to have someone sent up to clean it and to make sure there was no bacteria or anything in it, and they did not know how to clean the inside of the Jacuzzi.  Two different cleaning crews, one maintenance guy, and the head of house came to clean and never put any chemical like bleach into the water filled up the tub and ran the system. All they did was wipe down the outside of the tub. GrossAll the bacteria, All the stagnant water, remained in the system the entire time. I had to actually go to Walgreens and purchase bleach in order to clean their system.  The worst part was that the manager didn't even really care. I would be surprised if they could pass the health inspection from the health department based on just a simple thing. Mean really, I can't be the only person ever that's them to clean the Jacuzzi. They didn't even know how!  Never again, and you should not either
1	Never staying at this hotel ever again. Utterly dissatisfied with the place as well as the people who work here. 1 star for the comfy bed.
3	Personally, I like the Hard Rock Hotel. The structure is easy to follow, can't really get lost there. The circle bar is fun and in the center of all the action. The craps dealers and cocktail girls and friendly and fun. I love Body English after hours, never a cover for locals with local ID. If not Body English, there is Vanity. Rehab day pool is a pool worth visiting during the summer. My room was very nice for what we paid for. The only thing I really have to complain was that my room was literally facing Rehab pool, making it hard for me to get any sleep during the day.
1	Soley writing on the bar. We were in town and thought we would stop in to check it out. It was my first time in Vegas so I wanted to see the different places and see where to come back to. Sat down at the bar, several empty seats at the bar and at the tables behind us. Two bartenders working our end of the bar. One walked away to the other end, the other female bartender looked right at us walked away. Then when guys walked up on my right side and my dates left side she helped both of them while still not saying a word to us. Waited another five minutes while she helped others that walked up without bothering to acknowledge our presence. We got up and walked across the street the Firkin on Paradise and had a great night!
1	After waiting in a long line for 15 minutes, we reached the front of the line, only to have someone cut in front of us to ask the desk lady if their friend had checked in. The woman at the desk immediately began helping the guy, without acknowledging us in any way. No "actually sir these people are ahead of you" or "the line begins over there, etc. After another 5 minutes we finally had to step in and ask if we could be helped, seeing as we had just, you know, waited patiently in line. The guy walked off and the woman at the desk grudgingly began "helping" us, which roughly translated into barely looking at us and seeming totally indifferent to our presence. No "sorry about the wait or for just letting some dude step in front you" or anything nice like that. The desk lady checked us in, in the slowest, least interested way possible, occasionally making eye contact, which was awfully kind of her. On the plus side, she didn't just start randomly helping someone else while she was checking us in, which saved some time. And she didn't rigorously try to upswell us to a bigger room, as I heard the guy next to us doing to the couple he was helping. As I write this, there are currently 8 people in line waiting to check in, with 2 people on duty to do the checking in. That kinda tells me how much this joint cares about their customers. They'd like us to wait 40 minutes to be helped by someone who seems annoyed to see us and that's if we can make it to her without her helping someone else before we can walk the 3 feet to the desk. We haven't even been able to get into a room yet, so I have no idea how this place is, accommodations wise. But the check in was so unpleasant that it inspired me to write this review, to warn others to be prepared for frustration upon arriving. The many many other negative reviews tell me that we can likely expect more of the same from the rest of the hotel, but at the moment I can confirm that checking in here is an arduous and highly unsatisfying experience. When you show up someplace and they seem unhappy and annoyed to see you- it's rarely a sign of good things to come.
2	I just stayed three nights at this hotel but after being here one day I realized a hotel with a better location like on the strip would have saved us so much in taxi fair. The hotel does offer a shuttle service once an hour  to the strip but only up to 5:00pm. The shuttle driver had attitude but everyone else at the hotel was very friendly & accommodating. The room we stayed in had a nice modern look to it. The cleanliness of the room looked good except on the back of the bathroom door there were what looked like dry buggers. The house keeping also left some type of cleaning agent on the toilet one day & a phone charger went missing another day.
5	I loved the Hard Rock hotel. It's a little bit of a walk to the strip but we drove to the casinos so that wasn't a problem. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was very friendly. The check-in process took 10 minutes at most and they not try to oversell us. I actually booked a king size non smoking room initially and was able to change it at the counter. Checkout is conveniently done by phone, tv, or sign-out sheet. The casino is your typical Vegas casino with great ambiance. For $40/ night; it doesn't get better than this.
1	I stayed at The HRH tower in July and revived horrible service. I checked in on a Friday at 3:00pm when checking in I was told that there were no non-smoking rooms available until Saturday morning. I was told to call the front desk Saturday morning, when I did I was told that I should have asked for a different room when I checked in. I advised the person on the phone that I did try to get another room but was told nothing was available she than said the only option for me was to have housekeeping come and spray air freshener. Before housekeeping came we noticed period stains on the bed sheets. I than called and was told a manager would come. No manager came. Housekeeping informed me that the hotel wasn't sold out. Bottom line this place was horrible!!!! It actually only got worst from there...
1	Horrible customer service. After a long flight the last think you want to do is stand in two rows and a half of a line to check into this place. With all the competition they have an all the other hotels you would think they can come up with a better process. Checking in, the workers at the check in desk were not even friendly. Glad I am only staying one night here. Needless to say, I will not be retuning.
3	It was my first time coming to Vegas and booked in thru Priceline. Got a nice Non-Smoking room. When We got to Vegas early in the morning, Checked in right when we supposed to, we were told that there was no reservations under our name. It was another name and it was probably priceline. Anyway, they didn't have the room we wanted. They only had smoking. No one wanted to help. Anyway, The room was nice but smelled like smoke. Ugh. The room didn't have a fridge but had a fridge with beer and liquor that if you take out, you buy. And there was candy and snacks on the tables in your view, if you take it off, you get charged. It was crazy. The casino was nice, the cabs were nice, everything else was ok. I would go back if the price was right maybe. If you there, Go to the KISS mini golf across the street! It's awesome!!!
4	I really like the theme of the hotel. The rock theme is prominent throughout the lobby of the hotel and it matriculates into each hotel room. In other words the lobby is full of "rock" memorabilia. One can walk around for hours just reading about all of the history of rock and roll. It is incredible! I have stayed there twice and both times I have enjoyed the experience. When walking through the hotel hallways, everything is decorated with rock infused concepts. They are also always playing rock music which totally sets the tone. The actual hotel rooms, are very spacious. The TV's are nice, the beds are very comfortable, the sheets are nice, and the pillows are fluffy. Although the shower handles were a bit old and were falling a part, and the heating system didn't regulate the temperature very well, the hotel was nice other than those two elements. Oh, and the bathroom and bedroom lights are perfectly adjusted so that they don't blind you first thing in the morning. Also, there are blackout curtains which really great as they help you sleep in! The jacuzzi bathtub is a really nice addition. The view from the hotel was very nice as well. We could see the strip! The elevators moved very quickly and smoothly. We were upgraded on the spot which was very nice. The customer service is very good. And this entire hotel is great for the price you pay to stay there.
3	Stayed in the Paradise Tower in the 18th floor (top floor) with pool view. Way too high to enjoy the pool view but awesome view of the airport if you're into that kind of thing. Heard my neighbors having sex at 6am (clear as if I was in the same room). Bathroom is super small, dark, and smelled weird. Beds/sheets were really comfortable. No fridge. And you cannot bring in outside food. For $80/night it's decent but I probably won't stay again.
4	I really liked the style of this hotel.  All of the staff I met were friendly and accommodating.  None of the staff came into the room to rush us out during check out, which is a plus. Check in took a while and should have been faster.  There was a lot of confusion when it came to the pools.  Even though it was around 70 degrees each day I was there, they were sometimes closed and then opened other days. My hotel room was at the end of the hall, which took forever to walk to, but I fully appreciated how quiet it was.  I liked the variety of the restaurants in the hotel and I like their casino.
4	The Hard Rock Hotel is a music buff's dream hotel. The hotel and casino areas are filled with memorabilia. Which was my favorite part. The staff was great! Being that it was our first time here we were unsure of which desk to check in at. We picked the wrong desk, but the lady working was very understanding and friendly. She got us checked in no problem and pointed in the correct direction. The room was spacious, clean, and very comfortable. The only reason I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 was because our room was freezing when we arrived and it seemed to take a while to get it heated up and was difficult keeping the temp. regulated. Also, I wish there was a larger variety of casino games to play, slots in particular. Otherwise, it was a fun stay for a good price.
3	To start off with, the check in process was too long and tedious.  They need to keep more front desk attendants on staff, especially right around 3-4pm which is their CHECK-IN TIME.While I was waiting in line to check in, my friends were waiting with our stuff and we very clearly had 2 cases of beer with us, which one of the valets helped us get inside the hotel.  Like I said, check-in took a while, so they sat there for another 20 min with this beer.  We carry it all way into our room in Casino tower, then down and over to their room in Paradise tower, only to be stopped by staff saying "You can't bring that in here".  At that point I said screw it, we brought it in anyway.The room was awesome and the best was even better.  We were in the Casino Tower over looking the pool and it was beautiful.  There wasn't a fridge so we (mistakenly) pulled some items from the mini bar and put our beer in there to get cold.  Replaced everything before we left, didn't actually consume anything from the mini bar, but upon check out had been charged for everything we moved.  Probably my fault for being naive, but they could have put a sign explaining that.  The guy said anything that's moved and not put back within 15 seconds will be charged.Everything else went pretty great until 2 days after we left.  My credit card was charged for $25 and I called asking them why, they said that I rented two movies during my stay.  First, being frustrated, I said "Oh, because that's why I go to Vegas. To watch movies and get a lot of sleep", but when I actually contested they took them right off.TL;DR: Nice hotel, GREAT bed, sucks you can't bring in your own drinks, just make sure you check the bill when you leave.
4	A bit of a strange spot given its off strip location and obvious focus on Rock music.  Patrons seem a bit more Hollywood than the typical Vegas Casino, particularly when big shows are in town.  Absolutely loved the acoustics at The Joint and the Varvatos Bowery store, though dining options need some work.  Given the combination of Varvatos and the music I'll undoubtedly be back.
1	I wish it were possible to give zero stars! Got here this morning at 1130 and tried to check in... Was told my room wasn't ready... Tried to upgrade, still no available rooms... Which is fine. I was then asked for my phone # so that they can call when it is ready, but if I haven't heard anything by 1:30 to come back & try again. So I waited until 1:30 and came back. They then gave me a room on the third floor... Went up to my room only to find that it smelled like someone had puked everywhere and they tried to spray air freshener to try and cover it up... Went back downstairs for them to tell me that I now need to come back between 3 & 4 and that they will give me a room on the 18th or above floor... So I came back at 3:30 to a long line of people also trying to check in... Once I finally am able to get a room, they tell me that there are no rooms available and to come back between 4 & 5... By this time, I'm done coming back... And magically a room is available on the 8th floor... Well when I get up to my room, it still smells like puke, just not as bad as the last room. I'm just going to have to suffer with the smell, but this is ridiculous! I will NEVER stay here again!!!! Better off staying on the strip!
3	Pros:+ Some of the comfiest beds I have ever slept in at a hotel+ Clean and tidy rooms, spacious bathrooms and closets+ One of the best bars I've been in with good service, however I can't figure out why my Jack and coke was half the size of my friend's vodka + monster+ Their slot machine tripled my money in less than 5 minutes+Great taxi stand guys+Amazing decor in the lobby, in the elevators, and on the room doors+ Quiet rooms for Vegas+24-hour room serviceCons:-It took over half an hour to check in due to the extremely long line, and only 3 people working the counter. For the love of mike, PLEASE plan your staffing to accommodate a Friday check-in. This long line meant we had to forego having dinner before our concert- Room Service Sunday morning took an hour and a half despite being told 45 minutes. - Their room service food is like mediocre cafeteria food, and they add a 20% tip but seem to have forgotten to tell the room service server who stands waiting for more.- Pat downs to get into a concert, and no chains allowed on wallets. I do NOT trust a Vegas concert crowd, and having a small chain on my wallet means I still HAVE a wallet at the end of the night.- After getting a late checkout, we still had an employee banging on our door at 11am on the nose telling us we were being charged for another day. Communicate with your people!- Loudest pressurized toilet flushing on the planet.
3	I booked a 4 night weekday stay here while I was in town for work. I booked in the HRH tower, which is the nicest of the 3. Check-in could have certainly been better, after asking a staff member how to get to the HRH tower I was directed to the main check-in desk in the center of the casino. After waiting for over 20 minutes to check-in I was finally told HRH has a separate check-in and parking garage. Fantastic. The room on its own merit was nicely appointed. Large bathroom, plenty of room to lounge around and a comfortable bed.Eatery choices are a bit limited and not terribly exciting.
2	My rating of HRH is somewhere between Mehh and Down-Right-Rude. The place is empty on a Saturday afternoon and you would think they would try harder to please guests and players. But instead security barked at patrons that no outside food and alcohol was allowed in rooms. Come again? Isn't this Las Vegas where we party in and out of the hotel rooms. I tried to show my friends at an empty table how to play craps, we all threw down $100 each and we got nothing but attitude from the grouppier and pit boss. Maybe that's why the place is empty - I am happy to lose my money some other place.
3	My boyfriend and I stayed here from Friday night until Monday morning. There were good and bad parts of our stay. The beds were extremely comfortable. The blankets and pillow were very fluffy. The decor of the room was very cool. The view from our room of the strip and the pools was quite wonderful. The service was great - very accommodating. They were helpful and quick to provide us with anything we need. Now the bad parts...the room fluctuated between being very warm and very cold. It was never really comfortable, temperature wise. There was temperature control but it didn't seem to be doing any good. There was no microwave, fridge, or coffee maker. I'm okay with no microwaves but the fridge and the coffee makers are always a must. I hate having to go all the way down to Fuel to get coffee and breakfast and be forced to eat all of my food just because I don't have a fridge. The parking was free though and there's plenty of it. I can't comment on the nightlife there. We usually just went to the strip but the location was nice, like less than a mile away from the strip. Stay here if you really love rock and roll and can forgo basic needs like a coffee maker. For a coffee addict like me, that was a huge let down.
3	The stay at the Hard Rock was enjoyable but nothing amazing that would make me want to stay here again.  The check in process took forever, they had a huge line and only a few people working.  Check out of course was easy.  The hotel is large and if you are in the Paradise Tower the walk to your room is fairly long.  The hotel has many restaurants and bars, all of which are pretty good.  They also have some stores, a tattoo shop, gym and a bunch of pools.  I know in summer this is the place to be for hanging out at the pool but in winter only one is even open.  The room was nice.  The room was dark and rock star like which is cool but I wish the bathroom had more light.  The bed was very comfortable.  You are off strip but if you don't mind walking it only takes about 15 minutes.  The Hard Rock Cafe is outside of the hotel right in front.
2	the rooms look ok i guess... but the ipod docks really didn't work in the room. not that many asian people here. this place caters to people who like rock music.
4	This is one of my favorite hotels to stay in when I go to Vegas. The deals they have on suites during the off season are great too.
4	I debated for a while between 3 or 4 stars.  If you could give halfs, I'd say this is a 3 1/2 star place.  The rooms are pretty great, clean and very nice.  The casino itself is adequate, it feels like a place that used to be really popular but isn't any more.  The biggest downfall of this place is it's location.  It's not on the strip, and it's far enough away that you don't want to walk there.  Overall though, it's alright, has plenty of food, gambling and clubs (if you're into that).
2	I went to the hard rock through orbitz. They had trouble finding my reservation. After a very long call with orbitz it was solved I thought. Well I wanted two rooms. The hard rock only showed one. After dealing with that and it was resolved. I found out my low rate was not so great after a hidden spa fee was added. Plus throughout the night I found several more hidden fees. Also the 730 wake up call of the leaf blower at the pool and the shop vac in the hallway added to the whole thing. I wouldn't stay here again or suggest it.
4	My third trip to Vegas and this hotel is the nicest one a far. $50 a night (found a deal) and rooms are nice, modern. The only complaint is that they get you with the high prices for restaurants and other services. Especially since this hotel is a little out the way from the strip. I like that they have a John Varvatos store in the building. I love their stuff (for my husband of course:) I'm not a rocker but I really like this hotel.
4	Why is it that every time I stay here and get placed in the Paradise Tower after the 3/4 mile hike my room key doesn't work? It's comical how many times this has happened to me. Besides the Starbucks being a convenience, the decor is cool and the music is awesome. Food is good around the clock of you're up late and the pool is one of my favorites
4	It was a decent stay. i felt like it was a bit overpriced for the quality of the hotel itself because hard rocks are like 4 star hotels in my eyes just in prime locations so they charge 5 star price for 4 star treatment but then again it is Las Vegas & this is the Hard Rock Hotel. I live in Miami & the Ft Lauderdale charges nearly the same year round. but It was a decent decorated room. the bathroom is beautiful. the view outside the room was over looking the pool area which was also very beautiful. especially in the morning. they did a very good job cleaning extremely messy rooms. we were in Vegas & throwing our clothes almost everywhere but would return and they would be organized in one area for us which I highly admired the cleaners for. it came with a coupon book I highly suggest you read as soon as you get to your room. I didn't read that book until I got back to Miami and was pissed because it was some nice free offers inside especially paying what I paid for the stay there. they have a van that drive you to the Vegas strip. we rented a car which I would recommend unless your just in Vegas for shopping & partying and even still it's much more useful to just have a rental car and leave and go where ever you feel like. I was able to check my bill & checked out the HRH via TV which was awesome because we were late waking up. I would give it 5 stars but I'm bitter. it wasn't a wonderful experience for the wonderful money they were paid. it was October and getting cold & Vegas tourism was slowing down. no need to pay summer prices for fall. overall I don't think you'll have a bad stay here you just might not feel like the prices add up to the quality of hotel the HRH is
1	What a difference a couple years makes. I hate this place now. You walk in and the first thing you see are signs telling you that you can't bring outside food or beverages. It's a hotel, not a restaurant and I'm not paying $8 for your bottled water (tap water is undrinkable here it tasted like pool water). These signs are EVERYWHERE and very unfriendly.They've adopted the "resort fee" scam. I'm not even going to waste time ranting about that outrage, it's not as if they don't know how furious these make customers. Resort fees should be illegal, they're just an excuse to LIE about the rates. Apparently the rooms are all smoke free now...so the hallways are now where everybody smokes. Disgusting for non-smokers. The TV is garbage. Half the channels aren't even in HD and the set frequently freezes up just from trying to change the channel. Our room had a fantastic view of the parking garage...for the same price as a room with a REAL view. Thin, scratchy towels with rips and tears. A mini bar that charges you INSTANTLY if you accidentally touch something without even picking it up, forcing you to argue about it. And the food items on the mini bar are past expiration date! Lousy climate control. Dirt EVERYWHERE. Broken lights. Toothpaste crust in the sink. Terrible WIFI. This place is awful.  I have no intention of returning.
3	This was my 3rd year in a row coming there.When I went to check in on Mon at noon, they told me it would be $20 for early check in....or I could wait til 3pm.   I had just flow 5 hrs from DC and didn't want to wait.   It left a bad taste in my mouth all week.Add this to the fact that all during x-mas week, the hotel was empty.Love the fact they only play x-mas music on dec 25 and no other days.Love that the hotel isn't so big.Disappointed there are no frig in room.Don't mind that its not on the strip....I enjoy walking the 30 minutes to the strip.Hotel seems like its not the in place anymore.Biggest complaint is the shuttle to the Strip:It only goes to the fashion mall.Why not just go up the street and drop off at planet hollywood or something?Shuttle runs on the hour but it only takes 15 minutes to get to the mall.Rest of the time it sits in the HRH garage.   If it ran more often and went to more places, I could cut down on cabs (Cabs from HRH to strip are about $20)CVS across the street is a god send.
2	Customer service is hit or miss here. The bell hops and maids are great but that's about it. In room dining sucks and messed up my order 2 out 3 mornings. The beds in the casino towers are awful! The newer towers are nicer but still have crappy bedding. My friends got stuck underneath the bowling alley suite so make sure to ask to be away from it, its super loud! Oh and internet connection blows. At least 35 is a pretty decent restaurant.  Nobu is overpriced and underwhelming. Culinary dropout is a nice new addition but service is hit or miss here as well. I was at the hotel for 6 days much to my dismay. I caught myself saying I miss the Cosmo at least twice a day if not more, especially in the mornings waking up in those awful beds. I had friends in the hrh and paradise towers rooms look cooler and newer but I have zero desire to ever stay at this place again. Plus its so damn far from everything!
1	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in the States! Avoid this hotel if possible. They have all kinds of hidden fee and charge. Extremely disappointed and unsatisfied!! If I can I will rate it as -5.
2	Hmmm rock theme and modern looking.I booked a king bed but they said they ran out and put us in a two queens room and called it a upgrade. Meh I don't want that upgrade. I wanted a king bed when I stay in Vegas. So disappointing.Plus the room doesn't have a bath but only shower, another meh. Pillow and quilt/cover are of good quality tho. Fast internet and you can connect as many devices as you want.For bathing, the shampoo and conditioner are ok quality.I prolly won't stay again, it's nothing looked like their photo.And at express checkout, they don't have pens around and expect us fill out a form. Plus, no pen in the room either, I just wanted to write a postcard.In short, like the bedding, decoration and wifi. Baths are small and I still don't like the fact they forced me to change a room type. Just show it when I was booking, I can pick another resort!
5	Here's the deal. As long as I have a choice, I will never stay anywhere else in Las Vegas. I booked a weekend there for my sister's bachelorette party and we had the best time there. We stayed in the suites which were moderately priced, (since it's off the strip), but chic since they have been recently been remodeled. The rooms have two beds and a nice lounge area. The two rooms we reserved were plenty spacious enough for a party of 10 petite girls.  "Body English" was so great! Our group never opened our wallets while at the club! We were comped the whole time with bottle service! The DJ played all the right music and we danced, danced, and danced!On the plus side, one of us in our party became so inebriated that she lost her wallet. Guess what? After filing a security report with the hotel, the hotel found it and returned it! Cash included! We had the best time. Thank you Hard Rock for making my sister's bachelorette sensationally fantastic and memorable!
1	so terrible. They charged customers for resort fee after we prepay at priceline without any notice in advance
4	I really don't understand all of the recent negative reviews of this hotel. Maybe it was my lucky night when I stayed here, as the service and pricing were spot on for my stay. I would upgrade my rating to 5 stars if the hotel itself was as modern as its rooms, and if it didn't include a resort fee. At least with the resort fee you are provided ample parking and WiFi access for your wireless devices. The front desk and room service employees were very friendly. I paid $45 for a tower suite with a strip view on a Friday night! The suite was very modern looking and offered more cable channel selections (including HBO) than most Vegas hotels I have stayed in. The room service was pricey as to be expected for any hotel on the strip, but the food was delicious and the delivery was quite fast. I was also able to grab to a pretty tasty and filling breakfast sandwich from Fuel Cafe for a little over $7 with tax right before I checked out.
3	This review is after having stayed in the older "Casino" tower of the hotel. I presume and hope my experience could have been much better had I forked over the dough to stay in one of the newer rooms. PLUSES: The rooms were a nice size and well appointed. Bed was comfortable and didn't give me any problems. The casino is well laid out, I love the center circular bars, and in general has a very friendly staff.MINUSES: I'm not big on having a luxurious bathroom, so it really takes a bad one to bother me, but this one really did. I felt like i was in the movie Elf in the shower... My head was barely below the ceiling. The sink didn't drain well and was full of water after a few seconds of running the faucet. All in all,  I've been to several Holiday Inns with MUCH more impressive bathrooms than these. As a guy, i guess it's fine, but i would imagine a gal getting dolled up in one of these before a night on the strip would be pretty troublesome. Carpets in the hotel hallways were also worn out and really dingy looking. This all being said, I'll reiterate that I stayed in the OLD tower, meaning I payed under $100 on a Saturday night, so I guess you get what you pay for.
4	I really cant decide if my stay at Hard Rock was great, good, or just okay. I had a great time overall, but it's clear to me now that we were just paying for the brand Hard Rock instead of any added luxury compared to other resorts. For what Hard Rock charges for a room, you'd think that the hotel would be maintained and have kept their appearance up. Other than the rooms, the Casino and resort were nice overall.Pluses: -Our king room was a nice size and I loved the fact that we could open the french doors to the balcony. We were above the Hard Rock Guitar and could open the balcony and had total privacy. That was pretty awesome (except for the loud heat and air conditioning units on the roof below us).-Our bed was SUPER comfy!! The mattress and bedding were luxurious and made me feel like I re-entered the womb. -I enjoyed the decor. It was cool. It was nice not having the generic tropical bedding and ugly carpet like at other vegas hotels. It was comfortable and cool.-The staff we encountered was nice. The bellperson and maids we spoke to were welcoming and cool. -The Casino itself was awesome. Great vibe, great staff, great crowd, and unpretentious. I kind of felt cooler for staying there.-We had a great brunch at Culinary Dropout.The Meh Factor:-Too far from the strip. The shuttle they provide only runs every hour until 5 pm, so we never ended up taking it. The distance from the strip made it a destination for cool people and prevented everyone on the street from walking in like resorts on the strip. Can't decide if the distance was worth it, though. It would be PERFECT if it were closer to the strip. -We reserved 2 king rooms that we wanted close to each other, but naturally they didnt have it and gave us 1 king and 1 with 2 queens, no biggie, it ended up working out fine. The not-so-great-parts:-As you walk down the hall you notice the light fixtures are covered with cool Zyldjian cymbals... except every other one is missing. It's clear that once they get stolen they never get replaced. I cant decide if that was supposed to be hard rock, punk rock, or just plain ghetto.-one of the lamps next to the bed was broken and if touched would just spin downwards. -gum on the ceiling covering a blinking green light. Luckily the gum covered it for us, but you can totally tell that someone was pissed off enough to put gum on it. I wonder how long its been up there for.-I didnt like the bathroom at all. Yes, there is a metal sink. How trendy and rock. But the shower curtain looked like it was borrowed from a hospital. White with blue dots- Im not kidding when I say it looked like a hospital gown.I was going to give my stay 3 stars, but after experiencing massive douche-baggery and unnecessary rudeness and pretentiousness at other resorts on this trip, im giving the Hard Rock 4 stars for being so cool.
5	Excellent hotel for only about 60 bucks in the summer time. I can only comment on the hotel since I didn't experience the casino in the hotel. The room we had had an excellent view of the strip and of the pool. My only complaint is that the pool is closed much too early. I drove as fast as I could just to get to the hotel and still missed the pool, but that is mu fault. I will definitely be back next summer!
5	I came for a long weekend and had a great stay. My partner and I had a king suite in the HRH Tower and it was just right - nice bed (too soft for us, but I think most people prefer that in their vacay mattress), nice sitting area with plenty of room for lounging, nice big bathroom with BIG soaking tub (and, yes, I did... it was lovely), plenty of space in closets and drawers, and a touchscreen-operated sound system with a bunch of songs preloaded, mostly big hit rock songs (my iphone wouldn't work with the system, sadly).I spent very little time or money in the actual casino, so I can't really speak to that part of the experience. I only had one meal at the casino, at the 24-hour diner. It was a good breakfast for Vegas-reasonable prices, and our server was on it (pink mohawk guy).The $22+tax/day resort fee includes wifi, valet, and some stuff I didn't use like the fitness center and, get this, notary service. We used the hotel as a jumping off point for exploring the area: the nearby White Rock Loop hike (highly recommended), the Neon Museum (I learned something!), Red Rocks Climbing Center (fine, but I'm spoiled here in Seattle), and Joshua Tree (O. M. to the G., YES.).This one is not on the Strip, for better and worse. Short walking distance spots like Hofbrauhaus, KISS mini golf (worth it!), StirKrazy Mongolian Grill, and CVS are some advantages for being a little "farther out," but there are some down-and-out folks to share the space with. There are a cluster of bars, some straight and some gay, about 10 minutes walk away. The ones we went into (Double Down and FreeZone) were just okay.The place isn't without it's cons, but the pros just far outweigh. When I start to get the itch to Vegas again in a couple years, I'll definitely look at returning to Hard Rock.
4	I'm writing this as we're sadly on our way back home. This was only my second time in Vegas being over 21, so I don't have many rooms to compare it to, but I loved it here! Check in was at 3. We got to the front desk around 3:10 and waited 15 minutes in line. Check in was easy. I made my reservation on Priceline and didn't have a room type assigned. I called ahead to get a non smoking King room requested. At check in, they told me they didn't have any rooms with Kings ready so I can wait either 30 mins to an hour for that room or go straight into a room with two queens. My boyfriend and I were hungry, so waiting wasn't too bad. They said we'd get a call when our room was ready.... We went to eat at Pink Taco (YUMMY) while we waited. We waited 30 mins... 45 mins... An hour... An hour and 15 mins later we just went to the front desk to ask if the room was ready and it was. We never got the call- oh well. The room was NICE. We were on the 11th floor in the Casino Tower. For the $45 I paid a night, I can't complain. (There's a $22 per night resort fee, but all hotels have something around that much so whatever) Like everyone else was saying, the bed is sooo comfy. The decor in the room is what you'd expect at the Hard Rock. All black and white with band pictures on the walls (We had Jimi Hendrix and the Beatles). TV was huge. Didn't watch it much, but it was decent when we used it. Everything on the mini bar is on a scale so if you touch something and don't use it, you pay for it. Room has all the standards in in EXCEPT a coffee maker but that's no biggie. Go to Starbucks, you'll live. Bathroom was nice as well. I had read reviews that the sink and shower drain really slow. Mine were ok. Shower was a little slow but nothing to complain about, it's not like the water was up to my ankles or anything. Maybe I just got lucky with my room. Another pro: late check out till noon is free. We were running late with showers and getting ready the day of check out, I called and asked for some shampoos while my boyfriend was showering. They came up with a BAG of items. Shower caps, a dental kit, mouthwash, toothpaste, body wash, extra body bars, facial bars, a beauty lot with q-tips, shaving cream. Every. Thing. It was a nice touch. One star was taken off for the distance from the strip (we had a car but it was still kinda far and we got lost and went down a one way road in the wrong direction one night- oops.) and for the front desk dropping the ball and making us wait too long for our room. Other than that, I would definitely return! Had a great 2 nights!
1	Called early December for a Jan 11, 2014 weekend room.  Cost is $200 per room, asked for high floor king bed, and they can not accommodate.  Staff is rude! but husband wants to stay here.  the staff admits to being rude, allowing guest to party and interrupt all night, and no they will not allow a request for early check in.Weekend has not even started and I'm dreading this stay ...
1	This hotel sucks... you've been warned. The staff doesn't seem to care about making you happy. All the furniture is old, chipped and damaged. The carpet feels like a thin cheap piece of crap. It felt like i was in a damn homeless shelter...When we checked in thier system was down so they couldnt check us in. There was a guy there who got locked out of his room and had been waiting there for 3 hrs (it was about 2am at the time) He couldnt even go anywhere because his ID was ib the room.They had someone take us to a room where we could stay. There was a stain on the sheet and some of the candy missing on the snack bar. The worst part was that there was an annoying sound coming from the corner of the room, maybe from the AC. OMG it was soo annoying!!! We couldnt sleep all night so the next morning we looked like walking zombies on crack.The even worser part was that since thier system was down they couldnt even give us room keys! So someone had to stay in the room all day to be able to get back in. Their elevators also require a room key. We can even all go out to eat! Basically we were being held hostage in a homeless shelter.
2	Upon first glance the room was pretty nice but after looking a bIt deeper some areas of the room we're caked with dust and grime. The bathroom only had half a roll of t.p. There's no coffee pot in the room because they want you to spend $7 on two coffee's downstairs. Some of the staf we're very rude and not helpful. Not only did there entire computer system go down leaving you unable to use credit cards in shops but they lost our baggage. The best part was when they over charged my card by adding everything in the mini bar to my tab. I used nothing.Be careful of the wind and don't knock anything over o you will be charged. The hallways we're full of trash too. lovely! I am sorry but just because you want to stay at a cool rock and roll hotel with atmosphere does not mean you want to live in filth or be treated poorly. I would avoid this place!
2	Stayed here for one night because my boyfriend and I were going to a concert at the Joint and didn't want to deal with the traffic and having to drive home (we live in Henderson, just outside of Vegas). We stayed in a pretty basic suite in the Casino Tower. It was just overall a pretty bad experience. Check-in was easy and the guy at the front desk that helped me, James, was really friendly and helpful. When we went to check out on the tv, it said their system was down, but we called the front desk and they let us check out over the phone which was convenient. However, the room itself was not very clean when we got there. There was dust everywhere. it looked like the room hadn't been cleaned or stayed in in weeks, possibly months. There was even what looked like a blood stain on the curtains. There are signs all over the casino and hotel that says "no outside food or beverage allowed" which is just plain ridiculous if they're going to charge you $8 for a bottle of water in the room. We still ended up bringing our own food and some drinks from home, but once we ran out of water, we were pretty much screwed. We ended up just drinking water from the sink. The rooms here are not in any way shape or form soundproof. Once the concert was over and we had eaten, it was already about 2am. We were so tired, we just wanted a good nights rest. Not going to happen at this hotel. First of all, it is very close to the airport, so planes were flying right over us and it was SO LOUD. I know this isn't something the hotel can control, but it just shows how terrible of a location it's in. Also, in the room we had, the window was looking onto the rooftop of the casino and there were incredibly loud generators running all night that kept waking me up. We could hear people throughout the entire night walking and talking in the hallway. Also, the location of this hotel is not amazing. This is a part of vegas that I would NEVER go to alone and I definitely would not recommend leaving the hotel if you decide to stay here. It is not on the strip and it's a further walk from it than you would expect. If you stay here but want to go to other casinos, you better take a cab or have a car. The only positives about this hotel is the decor and the Joint. The decor is exactly what you'd expect from Hard Rock - modern with a punk influence and the Joint was awesome! A great intimate venue (but the drinks are extremely overpriced - $7 for a very small cheap beer like shocktop - you could buy a whole 6-pack at the CVS across the street for that much!)Basically, just don't stay here unless you're looking to party hard in your hotel and piss everyone on your floor off. The staff doesn't do anything about parties and loud music in the suites. I've had a few friends get suites just to throw parties and you can hear the music all the way down the hall, but staff never said a word to them. They obviously don't care about the customers in suites that are actually trying to get some rest at 3 in the morning.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE....if you do you deserve what you get.  Wanted to make a special night for our daughter's 16th birthday before the party the next day.  Booked a package deal to watch concert.  VERY long wait to check in, valet is a joke, called and emailed concierge to book limo and to try and organize a few other things for her, took over two weeks to email back and never responded.  Never did get any help so not sure why they have concierge, ordered room service because they didn't get back to us about reservations, so ordered steak dinner and was TERRIBLE.  Customer service appears to be a 4 letter word for them, bill was incorrect at check out , thought they got it fixed only to mess it up again a few days later.  Had to call in again and got nothing but attitude.  Went to Bellagio a few months prior for a girls weekend and saw show, organized all kinds of special treatments through their concierge who knows what that means.  There are too many choices in Vegas for Hard Rock to offer such poor service.  They are also way off the strip......NEVER EVER AGAIN will we stay here and we will be sure that none of our friends or family will either.  I am more than happy to spend our money somewhere else that knows how to treat people.
2	My wife and I stayed here for a short getaway trip.  We booked on Priceline and got a great deal.  The lobby was nice and upon check-in, we asked for a quiet room.  They actually upgraded our room which gave us a better view.  The room was very dark with the only lighting coming from dim lamps.  No refrigerator, no microwave.  They even have signs in the elevator lobby stating no outside food and drink.  The minibar was very well stocked and expensive.  The bathroom was very dark and to make it worse, the tile was black, so it seemed much darker.  Also, with the dark tile, it was hard to see the wet floor.  The shower was large enough for a couple of people. Maybe I'm not cool enough or young enough (I'm 35), but this place is for the younger hipper crowd, which is what I expected.   Didn't have to pay for parking or wifi, but I assume those were part of the "resort fees."    The resort fees were lower than some of the other hotels.Good collection of memorabilia.  And they do play loud music.  The casino/gambling floor seemed small and almost seemed like an after-thought.The hotel has some clothing stores, a place to get a tattoo, a salon, and several places to eat.  Not cheap, but the one place we ate was decent.  I'd go back, for the right price.
2	We stayed here on a Saturday night in December. My Mothers Christmas Party was being held here. We arrived to check in around 4pm with a very long line to check in. Once we got to the counter they seemed very confused but we did finally get into our room. The elevator to get to your room is a pain because you have to slide your key it requires the elevator ride to be a experience. I encountered many people who were drunk later that night that had a terrible time going up and down trying to get to their floor. Once we arrived to the room  the size was nice enough but the smell was HORRIBLE. I dont know if it was people in the rooms next to us or rotten water but it just wasn't a pleasant place to stay in. I was really wishing I had air freshener. The decor in the rooms is really nice but I am not sure what was going on with the smell of the place. I would stay there again but only if we got another deal because I had a hard time finding good places to get a quick bite to eat and like I said earlier the elevators are a PAIN.
5	Check in was quick & easy! Everything has been perfect thus far. Rooms are #rocknroll & clean. Beds are comfy . Food is good. Time to party! Haha! #vegasbaby
3	We've stayed here a couple times, HRH tower. Can't beat the price. It's always fun to wake up to rock stars. We were bummed to find out Chemo is no longer at the Circle Bar, he was our favorite bar tender.
3	Ya, it's the Hard Rock. Listen this is where AVN is and it is nice to catch up with friends every year. Yes the rock stars hang out here and the wanna be rock stars are here as well. If you like to people watch, you will probably spot a few "stars" if you are into that sort of thing...Mr. Lucky's is pretty decent for food, nachos are tasty for sure..
5	This was my first time in the hard rock, and what a coincidence! Avns are going on. There is all kinds of people watching, from barely dressed girls and well known porn stars to hunky guys with tattoos. It was great! The cab line was long but I didnt care...I had cute guys behind me:-)
5	they had a porn convention for 4 days, it was crazy with all the pervs and everybody was taking pictures with them like they were movie stars :)
3	Ok short and to the point here for me. I dont think that this Casino is nearly half as good as most of the casino's on the strip or even in downtown... but it is what it is, a passe idea of restaurants turned casino when most of the restaurants are bleh at best... I think this place is just another way to have money sucked out of your pocket...Seriously when was the last time you went to a Hard Rock to buy a t-shirt to show you were in some far flung destination. Wasnt that so 20-25 years ago? I remember I was stoked to have a Hard Rock Bangkok t shirt 20 years ago! So yeah it seems likes its a totally dated idea. Some folks perhaps still ascribe to that setup, however, I dont know anyone who still does.Overall this place had average at best customer service and friendliness. I wasnt impressed by the folks at the table games or who were on the floor. I asked 3 different people where the hard rock cafe was, and the first two didnt know or have a clue. I happened to be with three young ladies who wanted to eat there as their was a yelp check in deal. However unbeknownst to all of us, it was in a separate building. Sadly it took a while (3rd staff member) to tell us where the place was.On top of that the table staff wasnt nearly half as friendly or outgoing as I normally find. This was at roulette and craps. Too bad since those are two of my favorite games and I wanted to gamble a bit. But when there is a lousy mood coming from the staff... who wants to spend money to be around that kinda crap.It was clean. They had all the standard games and lots o slots. They have a giant hotel as well. But honestly, I couldnt care less and wont be back unless there is something special happening here that I HAVE to attend. My honest to goodness reaction is that it isnt worth 3 stars but i couldnt find anything specific to lower the grade on it for. It is just meh to the nth degree.
2	You get what you pay for. We were heading on a trip to a couple national parks and needed to spend a night in Vegas as a pitstop in between and without thinking I looked for a cheap room to stay at for a night because we would get there late at night and leave early in the morning. I mean $40 (plus their 20 something dollar fee) it was gonna be just one night anyway. I really really wish I just booked a room at planet Hollywood and paid the higher difference. The room smelled like cigarettes, I mean wreaked as if someone had just smoked in there right before we came in. It did not look clean. I'm not a germaphobe but I was really getting paranoid about touching anything because it seemed like nothing's been cleaned (especially in the shower). The only good thing about our room were the beds. Makes you feel like you're sleeping on clouds but not the type where you feel like you sink in and touch the floor. The bed hugs you to sleep. My mom had a difficult time falling asleep because there's like four big vents/fans outside that are always running that make noise all night. Self parking isn't difficult to find. And the express check out through the tv was simple. I would say only come here if you're super desperate. Otherwise I think you're better off booking a room on the strip.
3	I stayed at the Hard Rock with a few friends for New Years.  Location wise, it was a little further from the strip than expected (we priceline'd so I guess that's the risk you take when bidding) so cabbing it everywhere can get pretty expensive.  The check in wasn't so bad but the checkout took a good 20 minutes & for them to send someone up to help with luggage.  We also requested fresh towels the second day but never got them.  The hotel is a little outdated, not as nice as the website leads you to believe but I guess all hotels do that.  The hotels on site are ok & the clubs are ghetto.  The staff overall were about a 7.5 on a scale from 1 to 10.
4	The positives heavily outweigh the negatives.  In fact, there is only one negative -- the casino is very small, but ample enough to do damage.But I have a hard (as a rock, get it?) time coming up with anything wrong, when so much is right.  Let me list the ways:1.  First and last impression, valet, is terrific and quick.2.  Check-in desk could be shorter, but they are as nice as pie, and helpful as nurses.3.  Rooms are super nice, modern, and sexy.4.  Price of room, midweek on Travelocity, was $32 (with a $22 resort fee).5.  Room was quiet.6.  Wi-Fi signal was strong, and access was easy.  The resort fee includes access.7.  Wonderful restaurants and bars.  From Culinary Dropout, Pink Taco, and Mr. Lucky's (a 24 hour diner), and others.8.  The Joint, is a deluxe music venue.  Great.9.  Vinyl, is a more intimate venue.  Also great.10.  The pool is as sexy as it gets.While there is bound to be more I can expand upon, it's way worth it.
3	I stayed here two years ago for my birthday. We stayed 2 nights here at the HRH All Tower King Suite, and then 2 nights at the Planet Hollywood Westgate Towers 1 bedroom suite.  The rooms are just ok to me. Visually, it looks exactly how it appears on their website, but things were just off.  The lamp they have that hangs on the wall above their couch was bent. Almost looked like someone tried to swing on it the night before lol. Hey what happens in vegas stays in vegas right? But could you fix it before we check in? Oh, let me explain one thing, there were 4 in my group, 2 of us each stayed in the HRH King Suites, and we had adjoining rooms, so in one room, the internal ipod dock and speakers they had within the room worked perfectly, in the other one it didnt work at all. That was a let down, because that's one of the coolest features of this room. Since we were only staying for 2 nights and were able to share the sound system we didn't ask to switch rooms or complain about it at all.  Last downside would be in my cousins room their toilet was pre clogged. Plus sides? They came up right away when we called them with this issue and fixed it immediately. Bed was comfortable and couch was comfortable. It's off the strip so if you don't mind walking or taking taxis its not too bad. We always rent a car so we are never too worried if we want to stay somewhere off the strip.
5	Free rooms...How can you get better than that. The girl that comes around and massages while you play is a delight!! Love the Hard Rock!
4	Just thought i would point out Upon arrival the valet & bellman was snooty the front desk guy was also a jerk.... That gave me a weird vibe but it was late & the 4 of us girls didn't let it bother us. Our room was on the 10th floor. The rooms at hard rock are all very nice no complaints at all I've stayed in the HRH tower & the casino tower I believe that is it's name, the amount if mirrors is amazing when traveling with a group of girls. The hard rock has a fun vibe to it it's not directly on the strip but that's ok with me I think it keeps the riff raff out. I just stayed at the tropicana and wished I stayed at the hard rock :( only a $20 difference with my hard rock back stage pass. Never making that mistake again.
5	Had an awesome time!!! Great room great staff and it's vegas so a really good time. We will be back :)
2	Nothing about this hotel rises above mediocre. Rooms are aging fast and staff service is about what you'd expect  from a typical DMV. They may choose to do their job, but they definitely won't "help" in any sense of the word.The whole hotel is about a decade and a half past it's prime (if it ever had one). I only stayed here because it was the designated lodging for a conference at the hotel. Never again.
3	This is specifically regarding the HRH Tower which, I assume, is supposed to surpass the regular hard rock experience.  This is definitely a mixed bag kind of place so it averages out to about a 3 star.  The pluses:  inexpensive, cool decor/collectibles, good music, excellent bed, nice tub big enough for two, nice big shower, good desk service/response to requests, good wifi, easy checkout.  The minuses:  the Strip is too far to comfortably walk to, the suites are definitely smaller than they appear to be in the photos, the two queens suite (which one would think would be a situation where not everyone particularly wants to see everyone naked) has a glass wall between the bedroom and bathroom and requires a cumbersome curtain to cover it (a curtain which blocks the door).  Additionally, the sofa could have used a shampoo, we lacked a pen and lacked a "do not disturb" sign (these were provided the next day when we requested them, but still ...) and I didn't particularly enjoy my breakfast at Mr. Lucky'sThe neutrals: casino is small/quiet, tables a little pricey but OK
1	I would love to give Hard Rock 5 stars but the front desk is a joke. Angel and Allison need to go back to hospitality school. When the front desk tells you the resort fees would be waived off because carpet soaked, wifi not working, crying babies next door, and rooms not ready until 5pm!!!! Then you go to check out and resort fees still charged to the rooms. Thanks for lying to our entire group. When we question it Angel at the front desk laughs. Very professional! Only front desk agent that was pleasant do deal with and actually smiled and asked how may I assist you was Mallory. Mallory you should move on to a hotel where they actually care about their guests. Other than the front desk staff the hotel is great from amazing restaurants and very fun nightlife. Never to crowded in the casino, probably because off the strip and smaller but nice not have to fight for a spot on a table or machine. Hard Rock has some awesome suites as well, just don't expect them to be ready until late afternoon. Even if the front desk tells you it's vacant at 1030am and will rush it. Another lie!
3	I enjoyed 3 nights at the Hard Rock last week. Hard Rock combines retro style with a modern playfulness that really embodies the Vegas spirit. Hard Rock is home to two concert facilities, where more than a few music legends have graced the stage, and Vegas' premier pool complex, complete with a floating bar, private cabanas and plush daybeds. The rooms are pretty spacious with the standard rooms clocking in at over 460 square feet. The amenities include comfortable down bedding, granite counters, sunken tubs, Bose stereos, tufted headboards and a large flat screen. The pools are beautiful. Since it was off-season, we only got to use the upper deck pool in the HRH Tower. We had the pool all to ourselves. There's a nice selection of restaurants, clubs and lounges on the casino level, including Pink Taco, a nice upscale sports bar (The Ainsworth), a 24-hour cafe (Mr. Lucky's) and a contemporary steakhouse (35 Steaks + Martinis). Enjoy tasty gastropub favorites and drinks at the hip Culinary Dropout. Try the pretzel bites and provolone fondue! There are a few downsides that I experienced while at the Hard Rock. Chief among them is the distance from the Strip. The Hard Rock is about a 15 minute walk or a short cab ride to and from the Strip ($10-12 each way). The complimentary shuttle they offer from 10am - 5pm wasn't available the 2 times we tried to use it...shuttle was full both times. We were also charged for several items from the minibar that were not used or even touched...overcharges to the tune of $65. I would definitely like to come to enjoy the pool complex during the warmer months. I think a private cabana is in order. We had a good time at the Hard Rock and might be back again soon.
4	After a couple of visits to the Hard Rock, I now know which rooms are the ones to stay in (pool-facing and HRH) and will keep that in mind to get the most out of future experiences. The Hard Rock is a really great hotel with good restaurants and shops, a great room service menu, and several nice pools. The rooms are spacious and nicely decorated (total rock 'n roll theme) with contemporary bathrooms, but not as noise-blocking as some other Vegas hotels. We don't gamble, so the small casino isn't a big deal to us. The prices are super reasonable and more than make up for the distance from the strip. They do have a shuttle that goes there but it ends at 5, I believe, making it more or less pointless. I also like that it's smaller than a lot of the strip hotels, so you don't feel like you're trekking across the country just trying to get to your room. I'll definitely be back.
4	Ok, we switched rooms twice at HRH towers. My advice, stay away from the smoking rooms, they are tore back. All of the HRH and front staff at the main desk are awesome! They do care a lot about their guests. Remember approach determines response. Treat them well! We tipped housekeeping everyday. We love it here and our room after the second time is immaculate.  The spa is outstanding. I love it here. Oh but the WIFI sucks.
2	Far from the strip, casino tower was old, noisy, service was poor. Casino tower bathrooms were dated.I came here for a conference, and would not have otherwise. If they hold another conference there next year, I will be staying on the strip to cab it there.
4	Why do you have to be so far from the Strip, Hard Rock?!?!? We went to the HR to hang out with some friends who were staying there. They mostly wanted a Spa weekend so they were fine with being so far out. For us, I would love to stay there next time we are in town with the exception of the location. The decor is typical HR Cafe style. The music is great. The drinks we got while playing slots were the best quality of anywhere we went. My husband always gets Scotch on the rocks so it's hard to hide poor quality. The Pink Taco is some of the best food we had in Vegas. I say go hang out but stay somewhere closer to the Strip unless you want to spend $1 million on cabs or have to drive everywhere.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!  Customer service is nonexistent.  Check in time is 3:00PM.  Do not expect to get your room at 3:00PM.  We arrived on a Sunday and were allowed to "check in" at 1:30PM and were told that we would receive a call when our room was ready.  Yup, Yeah, Right.  Didn't happen.  Went to the front desk at 3:00PM and was told that it would be an hour or so.  Once we checked in, we discovered that we were not actually going to be in the room that we were told we would be in at 1:30.  The Hard Rock is reliant on their name and and the cool memorabilia that they exhibit.  This is the second Hard Rock that we have visited in the last two months and I can honestly say that this will be the last.
2	Nicely designed casino, but comparatively smaller than most of the casinos on the Strip.  Since it is so far away, I kind of expected them to keep me here but I couldn't wait to leave.  Slots seem to be old with not the newer games.  Table games were cheap but limited.  Only a one table of my favorites opened.  Most of all, the decibel level were so high I couldn't hear myself think.  Ridiculous.  In fact, idiotic.  I guess young people like the music loud, but really, I needed to yell to talk to anyone.  Plus it was rap and other crappy music.  Looks like this will be my one and only trip here.
3	I would give this hotel 3.3 if I could. I went to HRH in September of 2013 during the weekend of the Mayweather fight so it was bumping' which is good because I just turned 21. I picked this place initially because of the price and the pool. The price was decent for a fight weekend and the pool was pretty nice, very good size with a few pools to choose from. The only problem with the pools is the weekend when the security guards are flown in straight from Nazi Germany. My friend was not allowed in to the main pool area because her purse was literally 1cm too big for the rules. We showed the security guy we only had our phones, towels, room keys and a magazine. No dice. The women behind us had the same problem. I proceeded to make the security guard feel like a complete douche bag. I usually don't like to belittle people in public but this was a special case. If I was saying the same thing to an actual cop as I said to this fascist I would have ended up in handcuffs. It wasn't free to get into the main area either, even as hotel guests. So we settled with the quieter more family oriented pool area which was actually a little better than the main area, I think. If they were more friendly I would have given 4 stars, easily. All of the other staff non-pool related were all accommodating.The rooms were ok, no major complaints but I am not sure who designed the doors to the shower. They clearly didn't attend any architecture classes...The casino and the food are actually not bad. Pink Taco is pretty good. Everyone gambling was wearing Ed Hardy and had Ed Hardy-esque tattoos. I felt a little out of place because I don't have any tattoos with huge bible quotes on my ribcage or some lame poem on my arm. The casino itself has some pretty nice rock memorabilia though! There is a free shuttle to the strip before like 6pm or so.I wouldn't tell anyone not to go, but it is definitely for the more younger crowd, which is fine. I would like to stay at the Aria though next time I go to Vegas. Their casino was 2x as badass as the HRH.
1	The only reason we stayed at this place is because my husband was attending a seminar there. When we checked in, we were told we didn't get a king as requested even though we booked way in advance & were told we did have a king bed. The hotel isn't convenient to anything & we had to take cabs to go anywhere, which were ridiculously expensive.  The shuttle was never available when we needed it. HRH is very old looking & worn, from the carpet to the decor. No bathtub, which I really missed. Outdated tv with few channels & the room looked like it needed cleaned and dusted. The rock music was blaring constantly & it wasn't what I consider good old rock & roll. My husband enjoys playing blackjack but the table games started at $15. The crowd is very young, lots of tattoos & Affliction shirts. I saw security escort out  two females that appeared to be hookers. I never observed anyone winning much at the slots, which is unusual in Vegas. When we went downtown one evening, people were winning all around us, even if it wasn't big amounts. This place is dead & depressing and we wished we could have just stayed downtown when we went, at least people looked like they were having a good time there. The only positive thing I can say is that the Pink Taco had really good food. HATE this place & will NEVER go back. Only gave it one star because there wasn't a zero.
5	BEST hotel off the strip. Good rooms, casino, restaurants parties, clubs....etc. ALL under one roof. The 24/7 restaurant is legit!!!!! Rooms are up to date, with comfortable beds!!!! I always stay here. Some nights there are bands playing at the pool.
1	I live here and have never been treated as badly anywhere as I was treated here. I can go on for days telling you how bad it is but please just trust me. I can give u many more places to stay that are actually on strip and cheaper. I left there crying and I'm no crybaby. The bell captain got so asinine with me I wanted to spit on him. Nothing worked. Mostly everything was broken or closed and it takes way too long to get anyone's attention. Let alone the bartender yelled at my boy bc he wasn't making a straight line. What?! A straight line to what? Everyone there needs a hospitality class and a good strong hug from their mother. I even made a complaint on BBB and I've never done that.
1	When I checked in with my groupon, they did not have my name in their system, so I was told there was nothing they could do.  That was not sweet after I have traveled this long!  I called Groupon for customer service but they were closed so there was nothing I could do on my part too.  I was so tired....  I asked if any room is available and I'll just take the room with my credit card thinking they don't charge me yet and groupon can help me solve this the next day.  I had the receipt.    Then the staff helped me get the room at the $59 per room rate plus tax instead of using Groupon.  Which was nice.   More nice was he gave me the 11th floor room.  The view was superb. All relieved, I  checked in and went to the room.  I could tell that this side of the building was very old but I give good rating to the cleaning lady; she had good vibes and 5 stars to such a comfortable bed!    When I went to the counter for check-out, the balance showed $130 plus tax, and resort fee of $22 plus tax.  The staff told me that,  this is all he can see in the computer, there is no note for the change of room rate, after I told him everything what happened at the check-in.  There was no sign of compassion, no sign of understanding.  I felt sad.  He went to speak to a female manager and all she tells me is the same thing. I told him the name of the person who checked me in and asked them repeatedly to give him a call.  She said that the staff sees many people a day so no one really remembers.  But I insisted that because this involved a certain senario that he must remember about me.  She gave in.  They seemed to got hold of him or something and perhaps found out that I was telling the truth that she came back from the back saying she subtracted the amount from the total balance.There was no apology, nothing from both the manager and the staff.  Not only that, when I checked out, there was unknown resort fee of $22 plus tax each night.  Again, I told the guy at the checkout, there was nothing said about the resort fees, if I had known, he could have shown me what it was about and what service is included in the fees so I could have enjoyed them.   Again there was no explanation at check-in.    He said, well you signed it.  I am like where?He said when I signed on credit card machine to allow the hotel to hold $59 for security deposit.  And the guy said he must have told you twice about the resort fees, as if it's the rule of the hotel.  But the truth is he never did.So again, I told him, no I never heard anything about it.He repeated himself again, he needs to tell you this so you must have heard.What's going on?  It's not the hotel policy that I want to hear.  Are they not aware that all we need is their understanding and compassion?      This was a great example how so many people are operating from the head and do not really know how to connect to people's heart.  Would I ever go back there?  Even if the cleaning lady was nice, bed was comfortable, Nah.
4	The hard rock is a decent place to stay. The rooms are clean and spacious. The staff are nice and helpful. The casino isn't the best. I thought it would be a bigger casino , but it's pretty small compared to mot of the other casinos in Vegas. Also very limited selection in electronic games. I wish that they had more variety. Overall it was a good experience.
3	Don't seem that people go out of the way to help, got a room key that don't work and and stood in the key line for a bit and nobody helped me out, finally got someone to talk to me and they told me to get into the long check in line, no thanks. Came back later and a nice lady helped me out and got me a new key.I ordered a single bed king size 2 months ago, instead i got a 2 bed queen, when I asked about that I was told to talk to someone else. Nice parking garage view from my room with alot of car alarms and horns nice. The rooms are dark and thats ok if your into it.I wont be staying here again, the strip is a long walk away and the shuttle that runs from here to the strip stops at 5pm so a cab was in order.
2	The HRH tower is worth the extra! Stayed Thursday-Saturday. Upon checking in we were notified that our friends room (king suite) got down graded to a room with 2 queen beds. We showed the attendant the reservation, and she was quick to point out the fine print that any reservation is a "preference." Myself, never having heard of  paying additional for a suite and being downgraded I expressed my disappointment. With an attitude the attendant asked me "what do you want me to do?" Luckily a manager was available, and he offered to "move around some reservations." Although the rooms weren't readily available to us, we were told to come back at 3:30. We were told this was the check in time, despite 3:00 listed on their website and in the reservation. Also, if you need to check in your bags, know the bell desk will not check in any coolers. I brought a soft case cooler with me with some drinks and snacks and had to lug it around until our room was ready.Overall once we checked in we had a average experience. The year round pool was open, and heated. Restaurants Pink Taco, and Culinary Dropout were really enjoyable, affordable by Vegas standards, and it was nice to have good food options and not have to leave the hotel. The memorabilia throughout the grounds are with the stay. I recommend grabbing a cocktail, and taking a lap. If you do hit the strip, its a short cab ride, under $8.00.Check out was easy, staff (with the exception of the front desk) were friendly. Avoid getting an wakeup call, ours never called us. Good thing we didn't have a flight to catch!Bottom line- you get what you pay for. This place is a good option if you have champagne taste on a beer budget.
5	I can't complain over the Hard Rock. I definitely believe that the HRH tower is great for how cheap it can be.First of all, the service here is great. Valet takes care of you and they really hussle and move to get you your vehicle. The check in process was actually very simple. During my visit, they made it easy to combine some vouchers from Living Social I had without making us move rooms or anything like that.Our room was clean, it smelled great, and it came stocked with things we didn't even know, like the touch screen pads that control music and curtains. Overall, it was exciting to stay in a comfortable spot with an extremely comfortable bed!The food downstairs is great. Nobu - wow. It was delicious although quite pricey. It doesn't hurt to have a good meal once in a while ;]Mr. Lucky cafe is great too! Love their breakfast food.I have stayed in cheap places like Excalibur and I have also stayed at expensive places like The Encore. The Hard Rock HRH tower is definitely up there with an Encore suite. I can't wait to hopefully stay here once again.
3	Ok so I have stayed at the Hard Rock now twice. It ranges from cheap to moderate depending if you get it as a deal online or if you have the players card and can get deals for as low as $19 a night. The tables in the club are less then others. Yes it is off the strip. But to me as a music lover of all kinds, there is nothing like walking in and seeing all the costumes and covers of the records. In the summer the pools are full of life and excitement. If you do have a players card, when you go back and stay with the players card you do not pay the resort fee. The rooms are big, if you get a handicap room they are beyond huge. I personally found the beds beyond comfortable. The service is great! I have never been disappointed. And the view from some of the rooms are great. If you have a chance you really should try the spa. In addition, the choice of restaurants downstairs is amazing from PINK TACO to Mr. Lucky's 24/7, Nobu and more. The only down is it is off the strip, and while you could walk it is not the safest walk. But if you stay there you will certainly have a good time without paying some of the crazy expenses that that you might not want to pay all the time. Even if you do not get a chance to stay there or choose not to you should certainly stop by and check out the music memorabilia!
5	We have always wanted to stay at HRH . This past weekend we stayed at the HRH tower . From the moment we arrived , we were treat like royalty ! DID NOT meet a staff member who failed to be polite and friendly . The suite was gorgeous and exceeded our expectations . The staff at the desk in the HRH tower was top notch. NEVER have I stayed in a hotel where the staff knew my name when seeing me on sight . LOVE this treatment .
5	I had read the reviews prior to coming to the Hard Rock and was a little concerned.  However, I really enjoyed it.  Actually, I enjoyed my stay here more than a recent stay at the Bellagio and I would rate the Hard Rock equal or above many of the other Casinos I have been to..  I stayed in the Paradise towers and the ooms are very nice.  As others have stated, the beds are very comfortable.  I enjoyed the atmosphere.  At first, I was disappointed in the casino but later I found it to be perfect for me.  It is off the strip but only a $10 taxi ride there if you want it.  To my surprise, I found I enjoyed staying off the strip.  The restaurants are very good and they have live music in some of their clubs which is something that is no longer easy to find in Vegas.  I look forward to my next visit.  Oh, and the Sports Book is great!  Best I have seen so far.
1	Beware!! My sister and I stayed here midweek for a conference.  While the price quoted on hotels.com is one price, once you pay with your credit card you are informed that the hotel will charge you and additional $22 "resort fee".  Now ordinarily I wouldn't mind as the pools are normally worth the extra.  Upon arriving we were informed that the pools were closed, except for one small one upstairs where everyone from the hotel was crammed into.  According to the staff the "resort fee" is for the gym, wifi, and phone calls...isn't that what the hotel charge is for (aside from the gym)?  This was the least of our worries, as when we got into our "standard view" room overlooking the lovely air conditioning units in the Casino Tower, we discovered that our running water smelled like rotten eggs!! This is a sign of BACTERIA in the water heater!! Gross!! We asked to changed rooms and were denied.  Clearly showering was out of the question... My sister washed her face that night with the smelly BACTERIA ridden water to awake to swollen, weepy, blood-shot eyes!!  We immediately went to the front desk to demand new rooms.  Upon showing them her eyes the young man (un-phased) just said "Well thats just Vegas water, and all the rooms use the same water heater".  After hounding, I got a new room, but my sister had to wait 9 hours for hers!!  Utterly ridiculous!  So bummed about this experience, and would definitely NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone!
1	I am writing a review about the complete lack of customer service offered at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas.  Last week I took the Nevada Bar Exam, which is a 15  1/2 hour exam administered at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. I called the University to ask for a recommendation for a hotel during my stay--they pointed me toward the Hard Rock. I paid $100.00 a night to stay there expecting the benefits that come with a nice hotel. I was unable to check in until 3:00 p.m. on the day of my arrival. However, I was told that should a room become available earlier I would be charged a fee (I think $13.00) if I wanted to check in early.       While it is not the hotel's fault, I am not a smoker and I started to get a sore throat from the cigarette smoke.  I wanted to heat up some water in my hotel room, but I realized that I did not have a hot water pot or coffeemaker. I asked the front desk if I could please have a coffeemaker, and I was told that they were removed from all of the local hotels and one would not be provided. I asked how I could get hot water and I was told that I could purchase a cup from room service for $4.52....for a cup of hot water! Plus tip, $5.52 a cup. After being told this, I inquired with other test takers staying at nearby hotels, and despite Hard Rock's portrayal of a systematic removal of coffeemakers throughout Las Vegas, it turns out that the hotel down the street, LVH provided their guest with Keurigs in each room--and they only charge $30 per night.  Additionally, the nearby Holiday Inn also provided coffeepots to their guests. To add insult to injury, the last morning that I stayed it the hotel my room smelled like smoke when I got up in the morning.       Additionally, I was placed in a room that overlooked the roof of a lower level. While the view was not pretty, that didn't really matter. The issue that I had was that there were several fans or air conditioning units that created a buzz in the room. Again, I went down to the front desk not looking to change rooms, but to ask for earplugs. I was told that if I wanted earplugs I would need to go buy them from the convenience store in the Hard Rock. On the last day I asked for a late checkout, so that I could take my exam which ran from 8:00 a.m. until 1:00 p.m., I was told that if I wanted that late of a checkout that I would need to pay an additional fee, and furthermore no rooms were available.      While these may seem like relatively minor events they added a huge stress to an already intense week. Particularly, the fact that for four days I was unable to get any hot drinking water. In Las Vegas where there are a vast number of hotels to choose from, what sets a hotel apart is the customer service, which is beyond lacking at the Hard Rock. I do not recommend wasting your money at this "nice" hotel, because they will nickel and dime you at every turn, and for individuals who are visiting Las Vegas for pleasure rather than business, it does not even have the added benefit of being located on the strip.
5	Seriously awesome time at The Hard Rock!  I just got back from a three night stay for a business convention and I got to stay in the HRH Tower.  I was a bit worried about being off the Strip but it actually ended up being really nice!  The Strip was bumper to bumper the whole time I was there and the HRH Tower has a back entrance and a parking lot attached to it so I was one turn down Harmon and Koval Street away from my conference at the MGM and never had to deal with traffic from the Strip.  We went to Caeser's one night in the evening and I was able to take the back road right there, it was a breeze!  And the parking lot is attached right to the HRH Tower so there were no crazy long walks to my room like some of those ridiculously large Strip hotels.  My room was beautiful.  I had a King Suite with the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in at a Hotel.  No joke, this was a pillow top mattress that I just melted into.  The bathroom was uber cool, with a walk-in shower, two sinks and a full size bath tub.  I loved the centralized music system that played any kind of music I could have wanted as I was getting ready and having some people over.  The lounge area of my room was spacious and comfortable and everyone thought my motorized curtains were awesome!  I got to try several restaurants while I was there and I really loved them all.  We had an awesome dinner at Nobu, a great quick lunch at Pink Taco and another excellent dinner at the Chinese/Thai place called Fu.  The conference kept me from going to the pool but I walked the grounds one night and the whole pool area was unbelievable!  There's a beach, tons of pools, a water slide, it looked like a blast.  The Customer service for me was great!  The check in was quick and the lady behind the counter was super nice, answered all my lame questions about where all the good restaurants were and took the time to show me everything on a map.  Maybe this was just because I was in the HRH Tower, I don't know but that Tower sure made me feel like I was in a VIP area.  I can't wait to go back and take advantage of that pool in the Summer!
5	This hotel matches my style perfectly. Sometimes Ive got to catch myself head banging to the music playing over the speakers. Gotta love ROCK music :) I love the rock and roll theme they have going on! We flew from Reno to Las Vegas, ended up getting here late, like 1 am late, but the employees were still bright eyed a bushy tailed. So polite!! Although they allow smoking in the casino, the casino floor doesn't reek of cigarette smoke. My bed was sooo comfortable. I slept like a baby. My view of Vegas was gorgeous from my window. The pool below is absolutely stunning. I've never seen anything like it. Unfortunately it's been really windy since we flew in last night, so hopefully we'll get to try it out before we leave. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to stay at a fun hotel. There's a wide variety of places to eat and a few places to shop.
1	Seriously worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  Our experience upon arrival set the stage for an awful stay at this hotel.  First we were greeted by an unpleasant bell hop who rudely told us that we were not able to bring in our coolers.  I politely told him I disagreed and carried them to my room anyways.  It would have been one thing if he was nice about the rule, but the way he was so rude about it rubbed me the wrong way.  Then next we had called ahead to see what time check in was.  They said it would be at 3.  We arrived at 4:30 and the lady rudely told us our room was not ready and that check in was from 3-5 and therefore we could come back at 5.  We get to our room, there were only two sets of towels and we had three girls staying in our room.  We called for towels and two hours later they still hadn't showed up.  We called again and finally we received two more towels.  SO glad they could spare only TWO.  I would never stay here again and am so disgusted with the way we were treated that I had to write a negative review.
3	Stayed here for NYE in Dec 2013. Loved it!! We (my friend and I) got 2 queen sized beds in one shares room which was perfect. The beds were amazing!!!! Super big and comfy, very clean and lovely. Nice spacious rooms with modern touches. Quirky art and funky wall paper. House keeping daily, staff is very pleasant. Our bag handler was extremely rude and obnoxious!! The location is decent, not too far from everything. Subway, cvs and a few restaurants are within walking distance. Will stay here again.
2	Over rated hotel! So the positive are a comfortable bed, a large room, and a great pool scene. The downfall to this hotel is the cleanliness, kept up furniture, loud neighbors ( I mean do I have to listen to you have sex all night? Haha), and the hallways smell like cigarettes. I hear that staying in the HRH Towers is better! So I guess I won't rule this hotel out yet. But whatever you do, do not stay in the casino tower. The pool scene was fun. Beginning of the season so not crowded at all which was nice. The drinks are definitely over priced at the pool so I recommend not ordering them. I mean do you really expect me to pay $30 for a double? That $30 better be for double grey goose bottles. :) the downfall to the pool area is there so many restrictions of what you can take inside. I mean I had to go back to my room twice to empty my purse or just not take it. Seriously Hard Rock?!! Ridiculous!  My experience at this hotel is so so... From the time I got out of the car and being sexually harassed by all the security guards to laying pool side... I guess I can give a more final review staying in a different tower.You get one more chance hard rock don't blow it! :) oh and on a final, I'm loving the rock style!
5	I can understand why this place gets wildly differing reviews.  A lot really seems to depend on your luck of the draw here.  As it happens, we got really lucky with our stay, and it turned out to be a great experience.  We showed up after midnight on a Sunday night.  All of the rooms with a king bed were booked, so we got bumped up to a suite in the HRH Tower.  This was a GIANT upgrade considering we only paid $37 a night for the room.  I probably wouldn't think as much of the place if we didn't get that upgrade.  Sure, you still have to pay a $22 resort fee, which is silly, but every place in Vegas charges this now, so it is hard to knock Hard Rock for this.  So, we still only paid $59 a night for a very nice suite.  With the HRH Tower, you get your own check-in and concierge area, which is much quieter and faster than the main one.  You also get your own garage, which was very fast in and out, free parking.  The suite had two big wardrobes and a wetbar when you walk in.  Then a living room area with a big sectional, its own TV and desk area. Then you walk into the bedroom, spacious with EXTREMELY comfy beds.  I think I need one of these at home!  The view looked out to the parking garage, but if you looked to the side there was a pretty good view of the south end of the Strip from MGM down to Mandalay.  Finally, the bathroom was excellent - separate toilet nook, huge shower with overhead shower available, and a large soaking tub.  We never heard any noise from anyone else while we were in the room, even though we definitely heard people playing music in their rooms as we walked through the hallway, so we got great sleep here. Speaking of which, we did enjoy having a selection of rock music to play in the room on their sound system.We got lucky and had some nice hits at the slots in the casino, and also played the roulette and craps tables.  The casino was very popular at night here.  We also went to Nobu and Pink Taco.  Nobu just to try appetizers at the bar - main meals were very expensive, but I enjoyed the sushi.  Pink Taco was actually very reasonably priced.  I had lobster tacos and my wife had the chicken fajitas.  Both came with good sized portions and were tasty.  Try the queso for an appetizer, as long as you like chorizo mixed in, it was very good.  I would recommend anyone to try Pink Taco here.  Wait, what?We checked out the party pool, it was pretty popular for being still in March.  A young crowd there, they have DJs on stage, bars set up, the whole thing.  So we got to have a "club" experience without going through all the nightclub BS.  Keep in mind you have to pay to rent a daybed or cabana like you would a table at a nightclub.  So we just sat on the beach area and on the side of the pool like most of the people.  To get away for a bit, we went up to the little "Breathe" pool.  This is a SMALL pool though, so it got crowded, you can't really swim around in it too much.  There is also a bar up there, good drinks but expensive at $16.  The location is off the Strip, next to the UNLV campus.  So yes, I would definitely recommend having a car.  It was very easy to get in and out through the HRH garage.  They supposedly have a "no outside food/drink" rule but no one hassled us or searched us for snacks, water, beers, etc.  Of course, we weren't hauling around cases or anything.  No fridge or microwave in the room, though.Overall, the employees were very helpful and friendly here, got very good service.  At $59/night for a suite, we got amazing value.
4	If you are looking for a family friendly place than this isn't the place for you and I'm not a fan of the standard rooms but the HRH tower is great. Comfy bed, large room, and great restaurants. Great atmosphere for a fun night but if you plan on leaving you'll need a taxi because its off the strip and not walkable in heels. It was a great staycation.
3	Clean room, large bathroom, and comfy beds.  I won't talk about the price, because it was outrageous, but to be fair, I came last minute on a holiday weekend.  Still, it seemed a little overrated for being off the strip.  I think I would rather spend the same amount of money and stay somewhere on the strip (even if the room isn't as nice).
3	Ok so my wife and I came here for our 1 year anniversary and it was both of our first Vegas trip. We arrived early, like 10am so our room wasn't ready, the guy at check in said it should be ready around 2pm when regular check in is 4 and would call us if it was ready but he never called, we got back at 3 and luckily our room was ready, our room was fine, the one big problem was we never knew any hotel has hidden fees, like 150$ total and that killed our fun money spending but we got 100$ back after check out. So other than that we would rate it 5 stars. We loved the Rock History memorabilia displays throughout the hotel, my personal favorite was Paul McCartney's Bass and it was right by the elevators. Pink Taco was good, not the best Mexican Restaurant ever but still good, I tried the pink tacos and they were really delish, my wife's enchiladas however were not the greatest. Fuel Coffee shop... If there's a Starbucks around go there first, make this place your last resort. How do you screw up a caramel macchiato? And a medium black coffee was $3.75! Starbucks is only 2 bucks for regular black coffee. Oh well but  the donuts were Bomb! We never used the pool I didn't want to even bother with it hot and crowded. Didn't use wifi as all hotels anywhere on the planets is horrible we just stuck with our data anyway. Last thing (just to those who don't know) if you just sit at the slots and play the hotel will comp your drinks for playing just tip the waitress a couple bucks for it. Hey 3 bucks for tipping is better than 12 for drinks.
4	My friend and I decided at the last minute to take a quick trip to Vegas. The only hotel with a casino that looked decent was near the strip and that was affordable happened to be the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. I was somewhat skeptical but decided to go ahead and book the room. Check in was at 3:00 pm. we arrived at 3:30 to a 45 minute wait in line. When I reached the front of the line I found that my room was not ready and I would need to continue to wait until a room was available. The girl said they would call us. After sinking a $100 dollars in their machines and an hour later we still had not been called. We went back to the registration desk and the gentleman ( wished I would have gotten his name) was very helpful. He found us a room and sent us on our way. When we arrived in the room we were pleasantly surprised as we had been given an up-grade to a suite with a pool view. We absolutely enjoyed the room over the pool and the music that came blasting in. We were in heaven. We ate at the cafe. I had to send back my original order of baked chicken and rice (it was horrible). I opted for a burger which was GREAT. When not staying on the strip and looking for a hotel with a  casino this will be my first choice.
3	The rooms are nice. The pool is great. The passed out person in my hallway was not what I had expected. This hotel is fantastic for couples. It is however NOT good for families.
2	Not a fan of big casino hotels but I didn't have a choice on this one. The line for check-in was enormous, as was the line to store baggage. It took more than 30 minutes to drop off a bag (and 30 minutes more to pick it up) while waiting for my room.The room is extremely dark. Good thing I don't wear makeup because you couldn't see anything in the bathroom. Could barely see the soap I showered with. The lights at the night stand were both out and the alarm was left on (check these things, people!) so I had a friendly 5:37 a.m. wakeup buzz.The mandatory resort fee was $22 per night or so, and didn't include a seat by the pool, which requires that you spend wads of cash on food and drink for the privilege of sitting on a chair. I was shooed away at 10:30 a.m. when no one else was there because I wouldn't plunk down the cash.The "free" pool closes at 6 p.m. Stupid, like the hours for the gym, which is only open from like 6 a.m. to 8 p.m.The big deal-breaker is that they don't have coffee makers in the room, like most casino hotels. I always thought that a hotel in Vegas with a coffee maker and bright lights in the rooms could make a fortune.P.S. Not impressed by the rock-and-roll memorabilia.
1	The most miserable experience in a hotel!  I wasted almost 2 hours waiting in a long line to check in and my luggage to arrive to my room. I was woken up by construction workers outside and a weird smell into room that maybe coming from the machinery the workers are using. I can't get the balcony doors to shut, so it maybe letting in the fumes. I called the hotel 20 minutes ago and they said security is going to be sent up to investigate. Thank goodness there isn't a fire.
1	The Hard Rock Casino used to be my favorite part of Las Vegas. Since it was re-modeled, it is definitely not the same. I stayed at the actual hotel for the first time this past weekend. The customer service is not only the worst I have received in Las Vegas, but in all of the hotels I have frequented in my life. Waiting in line at the front desk was a nightmare. The staff acted like they were doormen at a club, as if I hadn't paid money to stay there. One staff member told me check-in was from 3pm-4pm. When I went to pick up my room key at 4pm, another staff member told me check-in wasn't until 5pm. I was told, "I know it will make you feel better to know when you are going to get your room, but we just don't guarantee a check-in time. There's just no way of knowing." And then she laughed at me and made no eye contact. The hotel is aware they aren't even located on the strip, right? Does the staff know that they aren't the rock stars that are featured in the hotel? When I finally got to check-in, my room had empty beer bottles in the room from the person who had stayed there the night prior. Also, there were dirty towels in the sink. I will never stay/gamble there again. It's a crappy hotel with service you would expect to receive at the 99 cent store.
1	Seriously, never again! We booked a room with a King Size bed and received a double Queen size bed... Don't try to tell them you don't want it because you reserved a King Size, they will treat you like an idiot and even start yelling at you! Not only the employee but the manager as well (so don't call him, it's useless). They will argue that it's not because you have reserved "that type of room" that you'll get it... Doh, what's the point of a reservation then? Just setup a website saying "I want a room, deal with it!". The bedrooms (at the "Paradise"), are dark, very dark! There is also only a shower (no bathtub?).  They also messed up at the checkout, charging the wrong credit card (they charged my friend's credit card who was in another room.  So he has been charged twice). I almost forgot to mention the nice radio wake up at 6:30AM, volume at the max! I couldn't find a way to turn it off or even turn the lights on (the light switch is at the entrance), so I had to reach the plug! Goddammit room service can't you check that thing when you setup a bedroom???I can't see one good thing for the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas... The worse hotel we've ever been! As I said in the beginning, never EVER again!
5	We stood in the HRH tower for our 1 night trip and boy were we pleased! The location of the hotel is off the strip, by like 2 blocks...seriously, no big deal. They offer free shuttle service to the mall so it's perfect! The casino is smaller than those on the strip but it doesn't get over crowded and smokey. We were able to play the tables for hours without masses of people coming and going. We went to the Showtime Boxing matches they were having at The Joint, ticket prices were cheap and there was not a bad seat in the house! The room it self was a King City View, Out view consisted mostly of the HRH tower parking structure but no biggie. Bed was amazingly comfy, the couch easily sat 8 people the bathroom was out of this world, sunken tub for two a shower that could fit 3-4 with a "rain" shower head.Everything about the room was great. It was clean and very spacious. We ordered room service that night and although pricey, service was quick and delish! Check in/out was fine. The HRH tower has a separate parking structure and Check in Desk that is super PLUSH and really makes you feel like a VIP. Service was a tad slow, with one person at the desk for check in (although we checked in at 9 am) upon check out the next morning at 11, there were 3. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. We will definitely be back to the Hard Rock for our future visits.
5	LOVE!I've stayed here twice so far, and sure to keep coming back. The first time was when my boyfriend and I ditched work during the week and drove up for a few days. You can always find cheap rooms on a Wednesday-Friday, but we had never stayed here so we gave it a shot. $40 a night for a king bed and a view? Hell yes! The room was gorgeous! Not sure if it's because its exactly my taste, but the dark furniture and custom walls with rockstar photos was just awesome. We are not club people, so being off the strip was not a big deal. I actually like that its off the strip because we like to go visit locals only places and avoid all the traffic of LV blvd.Our second visit was when we went to see the Queens of the Stoneage. Two VIP tickets and a room for only $110 total?? That was insane! (tickets alone would have been $100 on ticketmaster). When we checked in the guy accidently charged my boyfriend for an extra ticket. He credited the card right away. It was a bit annoying at first, but we weren't too upset since we were upgraded to a suite! Corner room with wall to floor windows! I can't get over how beautiful the view was!
4	I think I stayed here 2 times in the past 2 years...I rarely stay here unless I get a great players rate or free room offer...It's a pretty decent hotel...no great restaurants they are okay nothing I would come here for though....The hotel is clean the rooms are standard but clean as well.I didn't use the gym but it seemed pretty nice compared to some of the other older hotels.The dealers are kind and it's a nice atmosphere...just a bit off the strip though.I would stay again as long as the rates are reasonable....
5	Really enjoyed the" Rock Star Beer Festival - Gone Country Edition" at The Hard Rock Casino this past weekend & It is always interesting to view the memorabilia on your way out.
4	Awesome room at the HRH tower! We were pleasantly surprised. I would have given 5 stars except for a few things. We weren't directed to the HRH check in area and instead were greeted by a tired and cranky reception girl that didn't really care too much when I told her it was our honeymoon. I feel it would have been a nicer experience for both of us had she just directed us to the HRH tower check in area which we saw on the way to our room.  Room was plush and comfortable . We had a pool view which was nice.  Sucks that the pools were all closed except for two small ones.  Either way I recommend this for a off strip, luxury feel on a budget. :-)
4	What was older looking new again!The HRH seems to be in a constant state of remodeling, expanding, rebranding, etc etc............It does seem all shiny & new, with lots of new restaurants and so many pools I don't even know how many there are! The Pink Taco has consistently impressive food, and is one place that always impresses on the property.While "hip" and "young" is not my vibe, I appreciate the upscale look to the bars, some restaurants and the overall casino in order to impress out of town guests. Also, the 45 & Over "Classic Rockers" club is hilarious, and I can't wait to join next year!!!!!!!!!
1	Watch out for the  fees. You will be charged everyday for WiFi and a resort fee. You are not allowed to have outside food or drink even in your own hotel room. If you pay out the ass to go to the Rehab pool party do not set foot in the hotel without a shirt on. You will be called out, yelled at and confronted by security. The lines at the front desk are endless. The parking garage is a nightmare. Park at your own risk. They do not consider themselves responsible for anything that happens to their own paying customer's vehicles. Do not let them put you in the Casino Tower. It is the oldest tower and looks it. Half the time you go to one of the bars they are unattended. No bartender needed for no customers. All in all, there are so many other places in Vegas to stay and gamble that treat you like they're glad you're there and they want you to come back. if you want a good time surrounded by fun people  try Planet Hollywood or The Palms or, last but not least , The Cosmopolitan.
3	Pretty cool, good service, decent rooms, and good food. An overall good experience. Biggest problem is the distance from the strip.
4	It is a party kind of away from the party. I was here for the 2011 year and did attend a concert for the group Deftones at the Joint. This place is slightly away from the strip. Slightly meaning really long but fun walk from the actual Las Vegas Strip or an 10 or 11 dollar cab ride from my hotel Polo Towers at the time. I would recommend this spot more for 20 somethings, it is very loud. There is also a chance to spot some celebrities in the crowd trying to lay low from the actual strip you know craziness. I Hope to come back here again soon, ASAP. I heard the hotel fees and resort fees are kind of high compared to other places while staying here.
5	This place is awesome! More of a party type atmosphere which is what I love! Tons of places to eat. Bars spread out all over ther place with decent prices. Defiantly have some of the better looking cocktail waitresses in Vegas. Got the see one of my favorite Djs in one of their bars, CB Shaw. The pool has the be the best in Vegas for sure! And I would definitely recommend a room with a pool view. The rooms are pretty cool and straight forward. Awesome  bathtub. And I loved the fact that the double doors in the room opened up to a view of the pool and the Vegas strip. Staff is really nice and polite! Parking is free and available!
4	I avoided Hard Rock for almost three years because it held no appeal to me. I had gone to their restaurant in Chicago, and after a mediocre (at best) experience at their restaurant on the Strip, I decided that the casino couldn't be anything I needed to experience. I was wrong.I loved staying at the Hard Rock. All of their rooms are all nicer, and they have all been clean and hip with a little bit of rock and roll. The customer service is great as well, and they have a bunch of perks if you get their player card. My brother-in-law, who likes to gamble and who enjoyed the fun at Rehab (their day party at the pool) his first time at HR, got his room comped when he booked a stay a year after his first HR experience. Room resort + taxes were taken care of, which many resorts don't do when they comp rooms. They were smart for doing this because he did the same thing again when he came back to HR this week.The tables are great, the dealers crack me up, some of the pit bosses lack a personality, but overall, gambling at the HR is a lot of fun. Even their machines didn't immediately rob us of our menu when they are programmed to do so. Their restaurants recently all updated their menus and now offer gluten free items which is a big plus for me. Also, the restaurants we have gone to offer good service and delicious food. Pink Taco, Mr. Lucky's and 35 Steak and Martinis are scrumptious, and I will be going to Fu (one of their newer Asian restaurants)offers a Half Roasted Duck that is gluten free which is why I'll be going this upcoming weekend; I'm sure the review will be glowing. Rehab is an even better experience, but I will write a separate review for that soon.Here's a pre-warning: If you like to sleep in in the morning, make sure to get a room that does not face the pool, because if you do you will be awoken early and not be able to fall back to sleep due to pounding music.P.S. Their suites are incredible. If you can upgrade for a decent fee, I would do so.
5	This review is for the "All Suites" HRH Tower... effn' SWEET alright. First, the check-in area is so much easier (no lines) and nicer than the other check-in area. Second, it's a whole suite - separate wet bar, living room with wrap around couch, sleeping area, and a bathroom big enough to play baseball in... cuz I just wanna be a big rock star. Okay, cheesy reference... but, you know that no matter how much you hate on Nickelback, ya'll have sung along to SOME part of this song. Anyway, our suite wasn't in the Nickelback theme... we had the Johnny Rotten room. The partial wall that divides the living from bedroom has a flat screen on either side, so you don't have to fight over what to watch. And there's a sound system on the wall where you can choose mood music by genre or just hook up your own ipod and play your own show tunes... nice touch.Even though we reserved a King bed, we got two Queen beds... but, we made use of both. One can really put on a show in the bathroom, as it's only divided by the bedroom with a wall of glass. But, there is a large curtain that can be pulled closed- but what's the fun in that? I love that the shower and bathtub are separate, and both are big enough to fit 10 plus me (sorry). Seriously the bathroom, bedroom, and living room are all about the same size. This is the perfect room for just a party of 2, or a party of 12. The friend likes it because guests in your room don't have to sit and fart all over your bed... there's plenty of room to fit at least 10 people on that couch!For the Hotel/Casino, in general - even though it's a little off the strip, it's pretty much all-inclusive (Rehab, Body English, Pink Taco, Vinyl, and Culinary Dropout)... and, it's stumbling distance to one of my favorite dive bars.
4	Excellent stay for one night. Everyone we came across was very helpful and friendly!! The room was clean and well maintained. We had used a deal via living social and it worked beautiful, no problems at all. Would definitely stay here again.
5	Arriving early for check in and much to my surprise they got me right in. I wish I remembered the gals name that checked me in on Friday the 18th of April as she was super friendly and courteous. She welcomed me to stay for Rehab and made me feel welcomed and my room in the paradise tower was beautiful! Thank you Hard Rock for doing it right:)
4	I must say after reading the reviews before our trip I was pretty nervous about staying there. But to my surprise check-in was reasonable, not too long of lines, plenty of staff working. I did have an expired groupon which was still good for my paid value. The gal didn't know how to do so she went to get help she was gone for about 20min but came back and adjusted everything no problem. We had reserved a king size bed but there were none upon our checking in at 4pm (check in is 3pm) we could have waited who knows how much longer for a king but we were tired and had dinner reservations. The Paradise Tower was very nice! Although our room key was a bit temperamental in the elevator, everything else was great. They do have ice machines which I had read on here (yelp) they didn't. We found what looked like a dried blood stain on our comforter which was disgusting. But management came up and apologized and re-made the bed. Our alarm clock was set for 5pm luckily it was 5pm not am! The Rehab music wasn't too disrupting, only heard slight bass from our room. Although the pool party brought in a lot of young, intoxicated adults security was everywhere on the hotel floor making sure people kept moving along. The Pink Taco was very good! The deli right across from the pink taco though was unimpressive, the customer service was not good and my wildberry smoothie was based out of orange juice and that's all I could taste. At check out there were only two at the counter and a long line, the employees handled the stress of the growing line well.
5	I come to Vegas every couple of months to visit my mom and have never stayed at the Hard Rock.  I was pleasantly surprised at how nice and comfortable my experience was.  The rooms are large and comfortable with total black out curtains.  The bed feels like a pillow of feathers, top quality bedding that you just sink into!  (And this is just the basic standard rooms in the Casino Tower)What's also nice about staying here, it's easy to navigate in and out.  It doesn't seem like you are walking miles and miles to get through the casino to your room.I was concerned that the rooms would be a let down since I got such a great deal online...$72 (includes all taxes and resort fee). Customer service actually exists here - the employees ROCK!  I would definitely stay here again!
5	This time I did come to relax and do some partying on the side. This was perfect for my solo spring break adventure. Everyone with the exception of A waitress at lucky 24/7 has been so kind & pleasant. The staff are about hospitality & that's what you expect when you go on vacay. Got a great deal on expedia for flight & hotel. The pool is so nice & the have so many to choose from. The main pool is closed on weekends for Rehab party but there other options. Mon through fri the main pool is 21 & over so no kids to annoy you. Better grown up vibe. I got a room that faced to air conditioning unit & I'm a fresh air type chick. AC hurts my face but when I open the Juliette balcony it's so loud it's super annoying. I think this is my go to spot from now on. The only other epic pools I saw online is flamingo & the age limit there when I walked in was 55& up. Not quite there yet. Until then ill stay here & sing walking around to all the awesome music blaring throughout the hotel.
3	Wasn't too impressed by this hotel. It was expensive considering it was off the strip. The tables were also higher limits than expected. The rooms looked old, and we had a suite. The breakfast spot was great. Good food, and priced ok. The pool was solid. Cool area to people watch and hang out. They had sand pools, huge other pools too. Very nice place to hang out on a weekend day. It was not open at the time, but blackjack in the pool seemed cool
2	Suites are very nice looking, but wait.  NO refrigerator?  No coffee maker?  $7.50 for HRH Water in the room?  I understand hotels need to make money, but seriously, they can do away with some of the expensive Hard Rock eye candy downstairs and give each expensive "SUITE" a $10 coffee maker.  Geesh.By the way, telephone did not work, and instead of bringing me another, they tried to change batteries and wait for it to charge.  It still didn't work.  I arrived a bit early, but wasn't able to check in until after 4:00 pm.Spoke with the general manager.  His response without apologies, "would you like me to tell the engineer to replace the phone?"  I presumed that was a rhetorical question.  A simple "I'm sorry for your inconvenience would have sufficed."  I'm downgrading my rating from 3 to 2 stars.
2	Hotel rooms were super nice, But they took all of my money and I couldn't get over the fact they didn't have any Redbull!Very nice place, I'm happy I can now say I've been there. But I have experienced better.Bar:Fresh off a flight from Detroit I arrive at the HRH around midnight. I'm greeted with a drink (Vodka & Monster) and plenty of handshakes from  a large group of fellow co-workers and friends. The drink was horrible, thinking maybe somebody was being cute and tainted my drink with a complimentary Vegas party favor I ordered another. Tasted equally as shitty. that was last drink I paid for there. HOTEL:The room was awesome, great view from the Casino Tower facing North. You could see the pools below, and the northern end of the strip. Beverages that came in the fridge were a little over priced... but thats Vegas for ya.CASINO:Every dollar I won on the strip I lost here at Hard Rock. I've never seen dealers pull the hands they were pulling. Nice big spread out floor, managed well. During the week it was down to only a few open tables. The weekend is when the place was rocking though! every table filled, mass groups of people checking in, checking out, coming and going from the concerts, and the line outside the club in there was crazy. POOL: We all went to the Paradise Beach North pool. Took a while for us to get organized in finding what we wanted. Place was busy and all of the good cabanas were taken (before 11am). Cabanas were expensive and the only ones available were away from the pool (away from the action). We finally found what was an oversized ottoman we rented for $500+ for the day. Drinks (Vodka & Monster) were around $36 a piece. The pool was frigid, but entertaining. Some of the most beautiful women in the world sun bathing. But there were some of the world's "people that shouldn't be in a bikini" there as well. All together we blew thousands there in drinks and from renting the ottoman/ couch.Bottomline: Bring a thick wallet and plenty of  KY
2	We received an upgrade due to overbooking at the hotel. The suite was aesthetically pleasing. However, the bathroom had a weird sewage smell and the shower water puddled at my feet even after calling maintenance. Everything was nice to look at in the room but definitely not as functional as it should be.
3	Stayed at the HRH in March 2014 for a weekend trip and was pleasantly surprised.I personally prefer to stay on this strip, and this visit confirmed why--cabs lines are long, and cab rides can really add up and make a trip much more costly in the long run.The HRH tower suites were very nicely appointed, if laid out a little strange. The bathroom was very spacious, but I thought it was strange that a glass wall separates it from the bedroom, with a curtain for privacy. Seems a bit cumbersome in lieu of just a solid wall, or a textured/matte/frosted glass wall.The beds were very comfortable. A lot of noise from the nearby airport as well, but I didn't notice much.Staff was hit or miss. Housekeeping was prompt and friendly, but asking anyone for directions on the ground/casino floor was very challenging.The pool area is nice and well maintained, but very crowded and loud. Go figure since it is considered a "party pool"--not necessarily bad, just know what to expect.  The pool itself was REALLY cold on a mild weekend in March.The price wasn't great, so I don't see myself staying here again unless a friend insisted or I got a great deal, but I enjoyed my weekend and wouldn't NOT recommend. Definitely try for the HRH tower if possible, as I heard all weekend the other rooms in the older towers aren't nearly as updated.
1	My friends and I decided to go on a trip to Las Vegas to celebrate a very special occasion. We decided to go on May long weekend (May 16 - 19, 2014) and stay at the Hard Rock. I booked my flight and hotel well in advance - in November, 2013. I booked through Expedia and paid in full for both my flights and my hotel room. I received a confirmation from the Hard Rock within minutes, saying that my booking had been accepted and my credit card payment had been processed. There was nothing left to do except continue to plan our event and get excited! However, things took a turn on May 3, 2014, when I received an e-mail from Expedia informing me that there 'may be' an 'urgent problem' with my room at the Hard Rock due to 'sudden, unforeseen circumstances.' Expedia asked me to contact a 1-800 number to deal with the problem.  I contacted this number immediately and was told that the hotel had 'overbooked' and that my room was no longer available. I tried to explain that I had already paid in full, over six months ago, for my room, and received a confirmation from the hotel, so I did not understand how this was happening at this time - not even two weeks before my scheduled departure date. I also tried to explain that I was going down with a group of people, who were all staying at the Hard Rock, for a special occasion. I did not want to move hotels. The woman at Expedia's Lodging Support Services was very cold. She simply told me that it was "...too bad..." and there was nothing she could do. She told me that I would have to "...come to terms with the fact that I must relocate..." and that I could not stay with my group at the Hard Rock. She told me that I should be happy that she was offering (what she deemed to be) comparable lodging at the 'South Point Inn', which is a small hotel WAY off the strip and in the desert. It goes for about $50.00 a night. Keep in mind that I had already paid more than double that - per night - for my room at the Hard Rock. I was obviously extremely upset. I ended up speaking to three different people at Expedia, who all told me the same thing. But I refused to give up.At that point, I decided to contact the Hard Rock directly. I was able to speak to the manager of reservations. He told me that there had been some kind of a mistake at the hotel and that it had accidently overbooked itself only a few days ago. I told him that I had already paid for my room, more than six months ago - in full!!!!!!! - and that I did not want to move hotels. Again, I got no answers and no apologies. The hotel seemed to be treating this like "...no big deal." I was told that a "....hotel is a hotel..." and I should just take whatever I had been given. No one seemed to care that I was travelling for a special occasion and that I had planned to stay in that hotel for that purpose and did not care to be separated from my group. I was just told "...to deal with it..." and I was brushed off. I am leaving for Vegas on May 16, 2014 - four days from now. I have still not received any further confirmation from the hotel. No one has contacted me and no one seems to care about me or my group or my event. I have never been treated so poorly by a hotel - or any business for that matter - before. I am absolutely shocked by what has happened and it has ruined the entire trip already - not just for me but also for my group. We feel like complete garbage. I just want what I rightfully paid for. But that seems like too much to ask for when it comes to the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.Bottom line - This hotel will just take your money and kick you to the curb.
1	The worst place to go if u are black & handicap. They want you to produce your birth certificate , handicap placard but that stays in the car so you can park in the handicap this has happen every time I've gone there.
3	This hotel is really cool for the younger group, I'd say 27 years and below.  I am thirty and I have to say that although its a great hotel, its not quite my style.The rooms are pretty good.  They are decorated very sexy but there were a few little things that could have used repair, such as the wall plugs were a little loose and rattley.  Be warned, they have vibrators and lube in the mini-bar, so if you have little kids, probably not the best.I definitely think that the pool brings in a younger crowd.  I didn't go to the pool, but there were so many guests there in their early twenties, clearly coming from the pool and highly intoxicated and loud that I think the hotel could do without. I do recommend eating at the Pink Taco inside the Hard Rock while you are there.  Very good Mexican Food.I think its a great hotel, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to people over thirty and definitely not to people bringing kids.  However, if you are in your twenties, this is the spot.  The guests that were there in the appropriate age range were having the time of their lives.If you are from out of town, which I assume most people in Vegas are, please note that this is not on the actual strip.  It is really close, but you will have to take a cab ride to and from.
2	I've stayed at the Hard Rock on several occasions for work. This last trip reminded why I despise it. It's not a terrible hotel, especially for a hotel that was originally conceived as a concert venue with some rooms, rather than a full-fledged resort. I've only stayed in the Paradise tower, where the rooms are nice, but nothing special. The overall decor theme (which was originally leopard print and purple) of grays and reds just feels dingy and dirty. I get that they're trying to channel a nightclub/rock lounge feel, but it gets old rather quickly. I find much of the clientele to be classless. The young, party-seeking crowd that the hotel and several of its venues (Rehab, Body English) attract seem to care less about little things like manners, decorum, and hygiene. Should you think that I'm an old fart with a bias against 20-somethings (Full disclosure: I'm 39), let me assure you that I'd be equally annoyed by bands of 50-year olds walking through the hallways shouting obscenities, starting drunken brawls and doing things like leaving a 40-foot trail of puke in their wake because they chose to vomit and walk and vomit and walk rather than stay outside and hurl in the bushes. Which leads me to the cleaning staff. While there are a few a exceptions, I find the crew at the Hard Rock to completely inept. Whether this is due to poor training, understaffing or horrible management, I cannot tell. Exhibit A: The aforementioned 40-foot trail of vomit took nearly an hour to be cleaned up. That was after the twenty minutes it took for a staff person to say, "we should probably get this cleaned up."Exhibit B: I stopped by my room at lunchtime on a Sunday, and noticed a discarded room service plate of chicken wings that my next-door neighbor had placed outside their door. They had obviously been in quite a rush, because wings were strewn across the hallway in front of their door. When I went to bed that night...the plate was still there. When I got up the next morning...it was STILL there. The last sighting was sometime after 10am Monday, probably an hour or so after some staff person saw it and thought, "we should probably get this cleaned up."Exhibit C: My room got passed over for cleaning one day. When I called down for service, three maids appeared to service the room (well done!). They made the bed, refreshed the towels...and then left the room with all of the trash and dirty glasses untouched. Oh well. One coworker performed an experiment by leaving her Do Not Disturb sign on the floor a few feet inside her room. It stayed there for 4 days. The Hard Rock does have a few redeeming qualities: Culinary Dropout and 35 Steaks, comfortable beds, and bars that serve well-poured drinks for decent prices. The convention staff was helpful and fun to work with work. And Pilot, the super-helpful security guy that went out if his way to make my friends feel welcome and cared for on a handful of occasions.I will probably end up staying at the hotel again for work, but I definitely won't choose it for a personal stay -- that is, until new management comes in and decides, "we should probably get this cleaned up."
4	The Hard Rock seems to have a lot of horrid reviews on here but my experience there didn't line up with a lot of what I'm seeing, so I feel compelled to put in my two cents.Keep in mind, I only stayed one night, but I'm very picky. Very anal-retentive about cleanliness. and VERY intolerant of loud, drunken people carrying on and demanding attention from anyone that will give it to them. That being said, I didn't experience any problems with said possible grievances. We booked the room for a night for only $70, which I think is great because I'm used to $150-$200 a night at shabby hotels in no name places Virginia. They placed a mandatory $50 security hold on my card but as soon as I checked out, the hold was immediately dropped so don't worry about that.We got a free room up-grade and were facing the pool. Yeah, I didn't really care either. The room itself was very clean and sleek. It had a sort of loungey vibe to it, everything was grey, black, and red. I was expecting your typical beige and green floral bull that every hotel seems to go with. The bathroom was a little small, but the shower was gargantuan.The bed was by far the most comfortable bed I've ever sleeped on. I can't sleep in hotels. I'm always in pain, laying awake for 90% of the night and I get headaches from the slightest discomfort in any pillows. The second I laid down on this bed descended from the heavens themselves, I fell asleep within minutes and woke up in the morning pain-free. The only cons is that there was no hair dryer. It's okay. I brought my own. But what if I hadn't? Just saying. You never know. Also, there's a LOT of walking if you're staying in the Paradise Towers. The casino and concierge seems like it takes forever to get to.The hotel is a little far from the strip but still walkable. Maybe 3 blocks or so. It's a good deal if you don't care too much about being right where the action is but still not missing out on too much. HRH has it's own casino, nightclub, and some restaurants which I did not check out so I dunno how those are. ALSO OUR ROOM HAD PICTURES OF THE CURE IN IT. AND THERE WAS TONS OF CLASH MEMORABILIA ON THE WALLS AND DURAN DURAN STUFF AND AND AND PLEASE LET THAT SINK IN.
1	Was extremely disappointed with the Hard Rock. I've stayed at the MGM and Palazzo but decided to do more of a lower budget trip this time. Turns out I should have splurged.-all restaurants served overpriced poor quality food with even worse service. -was given a room with dysfunctional shower and sink-room service would not come until I had to call and complain and ask for an accommodation, in which they gave me some mini shampoos off of their housekeeping cart. Wonderful.-asked concierge recommendations of some restaurants and she was very condescending. As if I asked her to do something that wasn't within her job description. -guests were vomiting on the carpet of the casino -was charged a $22/day service fee for a free shuttle that was not worth the use. Only positive: the beds. It sure was nice to sleep off all of the blood boiling this hotel had done.
4	Well nothing beats a nights sleep at HRH! The room has some beds that are pure heaven (goose down pillow/blanket). Room is well appointed and very comfortable and clean. Pool area is outstanding and large. Everything from swim up blackjack to your ever so adored lazy river. The casino is loud and bustling but thats why you're in Vegas......right?
1	Really pissed @ these people. I was @ a slot machine for 30 minutes and not one waitress  came by!! I was @ another one for about an hour and the waitress took 15 minutes @ least to come by each time. The drinks were small and I was done with them in 3 minutes!! They had guns & roses playing for an exorbitant amount of $$$. They advertised the heck out of that show but nowhere did I see that the Pretty Reckless were playing!!!!! I love that band, I would've totally gone to them but I had no idea they were there!!! I was so pissed!!!!!!!!!!! Hard Rock Hotel, you're the worst!!!
4	I visited on a weekday night, after a long hiking trip in the grand canyon. I surely felt out of place checking in wearing my dusty hiking gear and smelly clothes! There were beautiful people walking around in their bikinis-- the pool is a very popular place for sure! I loved that the beds were SO comfortable! We stayed in a corner suite in the paradise tower and it was so nice. The bathrooms are very well lit and the shower is massive. There is a hair dryer, it is in the closet in a little bag. We played black jack at the casino downstairs and minimum bet is $15. We had fun and even won a little money! We lounged at the pool the next morning and it was beautiful, relaxing and fantastic.The downside: everything is so expensive. over-priced! Although, it could just be vegas. But seriously, $35 for sunscreen? and $9 for skittles? skittles! come on! and $17 for a club sandwich and $45 for a veggie and hummus platter? There was no one at the pool and they wanted to charge us $500 for a cabana that no one was using. I could understand, maybe, on a weekend when there is a demand for that, but there were maybe 10 people in the entire pool. It was just plain ridiculous. Well, what do you expect, Vegas isn't really a "budget" vacation.
5	Great experience. I purchased an on line room for $43 (with resort fee and taxes, ended up being $70) but I felt like it was a total steal. The rooms are gorgeous, the pools are so relaxing (although we had a hard time finding chairs) and the bars are cool too. Me and my boo ate at culinary dropout which was soooo good. I love the Hard Rock brand. It's just really cool.
3	The pool is awesome, the shuttle service is not. My friend and I bought a groupon for here and they told us there was a shuttle to the strip until 3am BUT when we got here it turned out that the LAST shuttle goes at 5 pm. When we went we had to take a can which cost about 30 dollars. Restaurant wise, they have nobu, which is awesome if you win big. Otherwise I would recommend Culinary Dropout or Mr. Lucky's. They both have decent American fare.Tips: they won't let you bring a cooler, so be sneaky if you do and don't bring it out to the pool. There is no microwave, refrigerator or coffee makers in the rooms. They do have enough plugs if you want to bring your own, but that would be a hassle. If you want to drink by the pool, they won't let you drink your own. What we did was buy one drink and then fill it up with our own stuff back at the room.The club, body English, is only open Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. It says it opens at 1030, but they didn't let anyone in until after 11 and when it was our turn we left quickly. The music was nothing great and there were just people occupying the boths and it was very empty.I think I would check out the pool again but that's it.
3	This time around, since we were in Vegas to see Guns n Roses at the Joint, we just decided to stay at the Hard Rock. We have never stayed, but been in the Casino and all and really loved the vibe. I do like the small Casino, the Joint, Vinyl and many of the restaurants, but the rooms are only so-so.  First, let me note that I did use miles to get a free room (Casino Tower - King Size Bed).  Nothing too fancy, just your basic room.  We were offered a $25/night upgrade for Queen size bed with a pool view (which didn't seem like much of an upgrade) or a suite in the tower for $50/night (that was a better room, but since we were in for long nights a suite didn't seem worth the money). So we declined the upgrades and got our booked room.  We did arrive early, but the room was not ready and was not available until 3p.  No biggie. We pre-registered (so we could just pick up keys) and they texted us when the room was ready (which was right on time). When we got to the room, it was nicely decorated, if not basic.  Big King bed,  good size TV, chair and a simple bathroom (shower/tub combo, single sink and toilet).  We had a view of the roof with all the A/C units (had to be the worst view in the place).  The good: - Spacious room- Very comfortable bed- Was actually very quiet- Decent size TV with lots of channelsThe bad: - The cable on the TV went out several times and many channels just didn't come in at all.- The bathroom smelled like rotten eggs or a sewer (GROSS), looked cleaned smelled terrible. - The shower had a nice rain shower head, but the drain backed up and couldn't keep up, so you ended up standing in ankle deep water during the shower.  - Housekeeping was in the room next to us when we left at 11a, but knocked at our door at 5p to clean (after we had come back and were in for a nap), really annoying. We just got towels and they never came back, no maid service while there.  So in short, the bad outweighed the good.  We weren't there long so it wasn't a terrible stay, we were out so much it didn't matter.  Still one would think they could get their sewer system and housekeeping in order, that isn't asking much.  I am not sure I would stay again. I certainly wouldn't stay in the Casino Tower.  The rooms definitely lacked, but the Hard Rock itself is fun!
3	The good;1.  Atmosphere is great.  Music is great on the casino floor.  Has all of your basic casino tables and slot machines you would want.2.  The rooms are big and nice.  I stayed in the HRH tower with a couple of friends and there was plenty of room, 2 beds and a couch which I was able to use as a third bed and it was comfortable.3.  Pool is nice and has beverage waitresses.4.  Guns and Roses concert was amazing.  Any concert there should be really good.The bad;1.  Its not actually on the strip its a few blocks away so you will have to walk or drive to the strip and park in one of the other casino's parking garages.  On Friday night we got stuck trying to get out of the parking garage for an hour because of traffic.2.  I was quoted one price when I booked online.  When I got there it was about $150 more because resort fees and taxes were not included.  Was not happy about this and feel it should be included in the original quoted price.
3	The Hard Rock Hotel is a strange beast - you get a decent enough hotel experience although the atmosphere is a bit wonky and obviously, you won't be that close to the Strip either. You'll be paying for a mid-tier kind of hotel and if you're not familiar with the Hard Rock Hotel brand, you'll be getting a lot of rock-and-roll references throughout the hotel.  However, when I was there the last two times, the music was a bit hit-or-miss and the room decor was a bit all over the place.  Something to be aware of.  Rooms were also a bit of a mess.  Try to stay in the newer Paradise rooms rather than the HRH basic ones.  Although the newer rooms were still a bit dark with low water pressure for the showers/sinks, at least they were bigger and more spacious than the older rooms that were even darker and cramped than the newer ones.  Additionally, the food was a bit spotty as well.  Culinary Dropout is probably your go-to-place here.  The entertainment is also a little bit all over.  Body English isn't what it used to be compared to the other hot nightclubs in Vegas and some of the bars are a bit hit-or-miss.  The pools in the summer are nice though with enough variety and dayclub space for partying.  The best part of Hard Rock is still probably the Joint and the adjoining musical venue.  Even though the acts themselves may be all over the place, the venue rocks out (no pun intended) with great acoustics and a terrific stage.And of course, the final issue is that you're not near the Strip here.  There is a daytime shuttle that has a terrible schedule of going back-and-forth so your best bet is to drive or taxi it up.  Heads-up. The Hard Rock Hotel is a bit hit-or-miss for me but at least has enough amenities where you'll enjoy some part of it more than others.
4	Loved our stay! We were here for the GNR show at the Joint 6/7/14. We stayed in the Paradise Tower and it was excellent. 2 sinks, a stand up shower, huge king bed that was so comfy. Very cool decor/wallpaper. Loved the room. Room overlooked the 4 pool areas as well! Got room service for bfast and it was VERY expensive. $55 for two breakfasts and small pot of coffee. BUT, must say it was good. Casino is great. Pink Taco was decent and Mr. Luckys was packed but gave you huge portions for a good price. My husband and I are in our mid 30's. I would say this is definately a younger, 20 something crowd that hangs out here do to the pool party REHAB. Not a place for kids in my opinion. Besides the younger, crazy crowd...everything was fine. Good customer service everywhere which surprised me and not very many long lines for anything. I would stay here again for sure. Nice to get away from the crazy strip area.
4	- Great place for the late 20s/early 30s crowd.- Parking is convenient, not a maze to get from car to casino/hotel.- Main drawback is that it's off-Strip and a stand-alone major casino in its area whereas the Flamingo off-Strip cluster has Palms & Rio (and the minor casino Gold Coast).
5	My favorite casino to stay at. They have the best atmosphere. Though it's a bit smaller than other casinos, this place is amazing. Try it out if you want to feel 21 for awhile.
2	I am a frequent Vegas visitor and have been to this casino/hotel numerous times.  I thought maybe last time that it was an off-day, but tonight makes me think this is more common.  I went to go valet and the guy said he could only valet cars for people staying at the hotel.  He asked for a room key.  I'm thinking maybe it is a full house tonight or something, right?  The entire casino was fairly empty.  There was no concert playing; no special event.  No Vegas hotel has ever turned me away from valet.  I even had the $$ in my hand to tip the gentleman.Getting inside to the casino was another story.  There were heavily intoxicated folks blocking the doors and no staff at the hotel were around to take control and let people come in without being hassled.  I know it is Vegas and I get that it is party city, but it is a turn off for me for no hotel staff to even have them move to the side to catch a cab or whatever they were doing.  The gambling was just eh this time but the customer service was even worse.  The dealer I had was amazing and she, in not so many words, said that this was an issue there and that a lot of tourists and locals are turned off by the customer service before walking through the door.  I appreciate her honesty and enjoyed my time at the table.I don't think I will be spending my hard earned dollars here again.
4	I stayed here a few months back. The only real downside to this hotel is that it's not really within walking distance to the strip. However, we got a deal online for a discounted room, and the room was SO nice, especially for the low cost we paid. We had a mostly pleasant experience with all of their staff except for one bell man. When we pulled up to valet check in, this man was really rude to us and said that we weren't allowed to bring ANY outside food or drink into the hotel, which I found VERY odd. I've been to Vegas many times and I've never had this issue. Regardless, he said we could "sneak" in our alcohol. So we put all our alcohol into our luggage and bags, and had him take in all of our bags. When we were in line to check in, he storms up to us with our cart and starts almost yelling at us, saying that his boss saw him sneaking in alcohol for us and that he could lose his job. He then took all our items off the cart and handed them to us while we were still waiting in line. Super weird and definitely put a damper on our start to the night.So other than the issue with the bell man, we really enjoyed our stay here. I think it's worth the $10 cab ride to the strip to stay here and save some money!
1	I normally never write reviews of establishments. But i'm incredibly baffled at how the Hard Rock Hotel did business. I will DEFINITELY NEVER stay here again! (Read further to avoid being SCAMMED)After I checked out of my room. I thought everything would be fine. I asked the front desk was there any additional charges added to my room, they informed me that everything was fine. The next day I see a charge on my account for $150 and I found that very weird because when I checked out they said everything was fine.. I called to see what the issue was and they informed me that there was an extensive cleaning fee added to my room. I again found that odd because I pretty much cleaned up the room when I left. My mom taught me better then to leave any where you leave trash.. The Hospitality manager sent me photos of what they claimed was our room. Basically someone dumped out all our trash cans, and sprinkled it all over the room. There was a broken iron board on the floor, and a list of things wrong with the room. I was shocked because that was NOT the condition I left my room in. I wouldn't have even been able to even get out of my room if I had left it in the condition that they claim. Long story short, they refuse to refund me. Even though they agreed with me that the room looked odd and it was most likely not the condition I left my room in because I would not have even been able to get out!  lesson learned: always take a picture of the condition you leave your room because apparently hotels like to SCAM you. As if staying there wasn't already expensive enough! Definitely telling all my family and friends to NOT stay at this hotel. I came with a group of 5 and we are all doing the same thing. This is the most ridiculous thing i've ever had to deal with from a hotel by FAR. Unbelievable.
3	Our stay at the Hard Rock was just ok.  The room was just ok.  Pink Taco was just ok.  Rehab was just ok.  Nothing that would bring me back in the future.  The rooms are already looking worn & the paradise tower is fairly new.  We did have issues with the TV, and they did come and fix it fairly promptly.   My previous visit to Rehab I would have given 5 stars. It is now on Saturday & Sunday, so we went on Saturday.  Just not the same fun.  Paid a good chunk for a daybed & the service was really lacking.  I guess I will stick to the smaller day clubs from now on.  The pool on Friday was ok which was probably the best part of our stay.
2	I stayed at the HR June 15 and 16, 2014 and unfortunately it was a regrettable experience.  The hotel has become a bit shaggy and worn with a commensurate lack of  concern for customer service.  i checked-in at 2:00 pm (their regular check-in time begins at 3:00 so granted, i was early) and was told my room wasn't available and in the very same breath the desk clerk asked if i wanted to upgrade to a corner room for another $40 per night extra.  I figured "what the heck" and agreed to the increase/upgrade.  Bad move.  The upgrade was anything but.  I did get a "view"but it was of an empty lot housing a few dozen bedraggled palm trees and and unvisited parking lot reserved for maintenance vehicles/staff.  Next, the room was not fully serviced and there were no cups, amenities, etc.   I had to ask the cleaning staff three times for a cup and three times i received nothing.  I also waited until the next day at 6:30p for the room to be serviced for the first time since I had checked in.In any event,  this place is truly between a "rock and a hard spot"(chiasmus intended) and i would advise fellow yelpers to avoid it and opt for the strip hotels for a first rate experience.
4	Just got back from an awesome three days at the hard rock. Stayed in the paradise tower on the 10th floor and my room overlooked the rehab pool.Here's the rundown:Get a cabana worth every dollar.Do not order smart water mine was 15 dollars a bottle. Total rip off. Get a rehab cup and get that refilled for free. Go to mr luckys and pink taco both are awesome. Service was excellent in the whole hotel felt safe everywhere.Don't worry if your not 25 you'll still like it if you can appreciate rock and roll. I love it and the music playing was a bonus.Awesome hotel I'll be back.
1	I arrived late... 7PM last night. Had booked 'best room available' online through bookings.com (Huge mistake) should be called 'bookings.not!' . Asked if upgrade was available when I arrived at the hotel and for an additional 30.00 a night I got my 'upgrade' ... I didn't care about the price.. I wanted the nicest room they could provide me with. The view was beautiful!  I put my things in the room and left for dinner with my sister in the hotel  (150.00 for two at the hotel steakhouse.. No drinks) Came back to my room so tired... I went right to bed. Woke up this morning and in the morning light realized my room was disgustingly unsanitary and I had just slept in it...It had never been cleaned from the previous 'guest'. There was blood in my bed... I saw this first and thought I was hurt.. Realized it wasn't mine and started looking around  there was dried 'cum' on the ottoman, right next to cocaine on the floor and table(see pictures). The room was disgusting but I had clean towels and soap? I had several managers come to my room and they agreed it was disgusting! Promising to do a 'deep cleaning ' because they were 'sold out' and could not provide anything nicer. I told the manager I would be back late so they had plenty of time to clean it. When I got back my bathtub was still disgusting and at midnight had to have soap scum cleaned out. This happened in the HRH Tower... Nicest area available!!!! I hope I don't get sick :( Strongly recommend if you are staying here to check your room for unsanitary conditions !!! I took pictures...
1	The Hard Rock belongs off the strip back where nobody can see it. For a place that has been remodeled it sure has gone down hill fast.The service is terrible. The staff is rude, especially the security. The security staff acts like you are bothering them if you ask them a question. The cashiers in the cage  are extremely rude, but not as rude as the valet attendants. The dealers are cool and so were the cocktail servers.It does not matter how the rooms are, because the staff and the management is horrible. So, I do not need to review the rooms because I do not recommend that anyone should come here. This place used to be one of the best spots in Vegas to hang out and party. What a shame.
4	I was in town for the investor relations conference earlier this month and got a great deal on a suite in the all-suite tower here. I really didn't feel like staying at the Bellagio and with the deal I got I knew at the end of each conference day I would have something to look forward to. My only complaint is the smoky casino but that is how all casino floors are. Once you go up the elevator its no problem though. The style of the room is slick modern and moody. Huge flat screen. Really nice bathrooms. Comfy couch. I like how the tv was available to watch in bed or on the other side of the suite in the living area. Lots of cool touches and not super feminine or macho so it works for couples.
1	I was not super impressed with this hotel. If you are into the partying scene, then this is for you. I came on a business trip and each time we go to Vegas we try to experience a new hotel. When we arrived in our room there were disgusting greasy handprints on the headboard of each of our beds! GROOOOSSS right?????  Overall our room just felt dirty. There was what looked like dried up vomit in the bathroom next to the toilet paper. One word...disgusting. When we called to tell them about or room they just said they would send up housekeeping to assess it. When she got there even she was disgusted and sanitized both headboards completely. The shower constantly flooded so we would have a pool in the bathroom, who need rehab if you have your own personal pool in your room I guess. I would not recommend this to anyone. The only positive was that our room did have a nice view of the strip and the pools were pretty.
2	I haven't stayed at the Hard Rock for a year but was eager to go back. I've been pleased in the past with their friendliness and great service. Unfortunately, the service has declined dramatically. Our room in the HRH tower was very nice (none of the cleanliness issues mentioned in other posts) but that's my only positive. Our check in took 35 minutes and when we reached the window there was no apology or acknowledgement of the long wait. There were, however, lots of reminders that outside food and beverage are not allowed as my water bottle was getting the stink eye. Really? Seems rude and disrespectful. The next morning I went to the coffee shop and paid $7 for 2 coffees. There was no real sugar at the counter. When I asked the "barista" for sugar, he gruffly said they didn't have any. I stood there dumbfounded. I eventually went to the diner and got my own. Later that day, I ordered a margarita with salt at the pool bar. BTW, don't expect a waitress to take your order either by the pool or while in the casino. The waitress told me that she didn't have salt for my $16 margarita. Tamara was very giving with her attitude, however.Overall, my stay was disappointing. I felt like a nuisance, not a valued guest. Oh well Hard Rock, it was fun for awhile...
5	I've had a couple of visits here, and while I'm usually not into big, swanky, franchised properties like this, I gotta give 'em a 5 for the players club alone.  They've always been good about comping 2-3 nights any day of the week with just a little bit of play, and there was one visit where they honored my accumulated comp dollars and points from a previous visit four whopping years beforehand.  I've never seen any casino anywhere honor points for that long of a duration.I've stayed in a couple of the standard rooms, and they were nice, but it's always been a situation where I wouldn't ever pay money for them, as they're usually quite expensive if not comped.  I've never really checked out the bars, restaurants, pools and other amenities.TIP:  Don't move, consume, eat, drink, or touch anything in the refrigerator, wet bar, or snack tray, because you'll be charged outta the yang.  Usually a good rule to follow at any casino hotel that has these things available.  There was one visit when I wasn't thinking and completely cleared out the refrigerator to make way for my personal beverages, and it took a good hour on the phone with the front desk to get the $275 charge reversed, plus about a good 2-3 weeks for the funds to return to my debit card.
1	Where to start... This hotel really needs to read up on the basis's of customer service. While thinking about my resent stay at the Las Vegas Hard Rock Casino and Hotel I decided to give you my top eight reasons to not stay at this motel. Here we go...1. It would be quicker to take a taxi a restaurant and have dinner, good conversation and enjoy a delicious desert then wait for your car at the Valet.2. Explain what a "non smoking" room means to Hotel guest registration3. Entering your hotel room without any type of drinking/water glasses and then asking house keeping for them and waiting four hours for delivery4. Attempting to order room service and then being placed on hold for 20 minutes5. Walking downstairs to Mr. Lucky's restaurant and trying to place an order for take out and then being told no. I said what? They said I would have to sit at a table, order food and then have it boxed for take home... Are you kidding me....6. Calling house keeping to clean the room and having them never show up.7. Having drinks and gambling with trailer trash, drunk morons8. Bad service, bad attitudes, bad smelling and a really bad experience If your looking for a great hotel experience in Las Vegas stay at The Aria just up the road on Harmond.
4	It's pretty easy to sh*t on the Hard Rock as it's best days seem to be behind it, but it's really not a bad place to stay. You can scoop up an HRH room for around the $100 mark most weeknights and they hold up against any room on the strip. The $22 resort fee (per day for wifi and gym use) is a crock, but it seems unavoidable these days. I mean, $66 for three days of net/gym? Lame. As i mentioned the HRH king suite happens to be a nice room. Decorated well, large bathroom, couch, 2 tv's.... it's a comfortable stay. I found the staff (valet/bell guy/front desk/bartender) to be nothing but professional and helpful. If you can stand the occasional youngins running around, the HRH can be a nice staycation spot. You have Mr Lucky's for a quick bite (24/7), drinks at both center bars, Nobu, Pink Taco, 35 Steaks + Martini and you can catch a show at the Joint (or always see the Diceman at Vinyl). Nice room and things to do? HRH, I have no qualms with you.
1	We've been to Vegas several times before, but this is the first time staying here. The reason they're receiving only one star is that upon checkout they added a $24.64 charge PER DAY resort fee. I know this may be a common (shady) practice on and near the strip in Vegas, but I've since found out that the Hard Rock in particular is known for burying this fee: www.travelandleisure.com/travel-blog/carry-on/topic/news/trip-doctor-what-is-a-resort-fee-and-do-i-really-have-to-pay-itWhen checking out, it was the first time I was told I had to pay this fee. They said that I had signed for it at check in (it's at the bottom of the fine print you have to scroll down and it's near the end beneath where where you sign your name on the credit card machine,) it's in the fine print on their website, and it's in the sleeve that holds the key cards. They also said its part of the script upon checking in, but all they mentioned was that there'd be a $50 per day hold against room incidentals. The resort fee is a way for hotels to publish low room rates, but then tack on an extra 20-30% or more. It's sad that we ended an otherwise enjoyable trip to have the last few coins wrung out of us. Very short sighted, as those will be the last few coins you'll see from us, Hard Rock.
1	My wife and I stayed at the HRH tower, the room was ok. But down at the pool, in Cabana's watch your wallets. you think you are going to get rip off at the casino. they are going to get you while ordering food and drinks, with a 300% mark up.$88 per pitcher of bloody mary, $25.for a soda with a REhab cup. the pool was nice. but watch your wallet. I wouldn't do this again.
4	I've stayed here a few times and the rooms are always very nice. Flat screen TV, upscale decorating, and a large classy shower with glass doors. The gambling is very good here I normally get a lot of play. The "Culinary Drop Out" restaurant is a good place to eat, not a big fan of "The Pink Taco" I would say the food there is mediocre for Mexican. The center bar in the casino is the happening place, and I've gotten really good drinks there by casino bar standards.
4	Stayed here a bunch of times in the past. Seems like this time the place was cleaner and staff was friendlier. My room was pretty sweet. Booked the hotel for $32 plus a resort fee but that's nothing. Good value if you don't gamble too much.  Got to see widespread panic at the joint too!
4	This is gonna be my spot to play craps, I win here for some reason, maybe because the staff is cool and I felt comfortable not like the strip casinos, I thought this was gonna be a nasty casino but its not. I don't know about the hotel rooms, but the casino is cool. I will be visiting more often during my Vegas summer vacation.
1	I feel violated and taken advantage of. Last night I asked Barb to get a bottle of water as it was a 100 degrees outside by the pool and needed to hydrate. 30 minutes later Barb returns with 2 bottles of water informing me that she was charged $8.00 a bottle. $16.00 total for the bottles. Seeing as there was no other source for getting water other than paying the ransom she purchased the bottles. This is unethical and price gouging at its worst. Will never return.
3	At first I was so turned off by this place b/c its kind of like the Walmart of Vegas in terms of hotels. But my friend and I were going to see GNR so we figured lets just make it easy and stat at the HRH this time. The last show we saw there was Motley Crue and we stayed at a hotel down the street but getting a cab back at 3:30 in the morning sucks plus we had to leave the next day so this was an easier option. We booked a room in the Hard Rock Tower and it was spacious with a nice set up and very clean. The lights didn't work in the shower and we couldn't hook up our iPhone 5s to the sound system in the room so that was a bummer but we still liked the set up. The pools could be nice b/c they are huge and there are different styles - like one with a sandy bottom, waterfalls, and islands to hang out on. But they are so gross b/c there are way too many people there and it's nasty when you think about what is floating around in there (fecal matter comes to mind - ewwwww!). The worst part about that is you can actually see a bunch of nastiness floating in the pool - oil, what looks to be skin, and hair. It really freaks me out but we knew going there the Hard Rock is known for their party atmosphere especially poolside. In my 20s i would have been into the huge party scene at the pool but being a fresh 40 year old, I am over that stuff. I liked a quiet pool with less people. The Hard Rock is complete opposite - people throwing balls back and forth, everyone is wasted or on their way to that point, music is blaring louder than a night club, and girls grinding on each other to impress tatted out muscle dudes they never met. We spent about 90 minutes poolside each day b/c we went for GNR not for hanging at the pool. Mr. Lucky's is the 24 hour restaurant and it's where I had the WORST meal I ever ate. The eggs were chewy and inedible and they even messed up the English muffin. Seriously how do you do that? Plus it was pricey for shitty food. I was most upset that I wasted valuable stomach space but I didn't eat much. I spent $20 for breakfast and was only able to stomach an eighth of it. Wasteful but it was truly one of the worst meals I ever had. Do yourself a favor and do not even bother eating there.Fu - we had dinner here one night and none of us was impressed. I guess I had high expectations and was very excited for "Chinese" food but it wasn't good. Out of 4 of us, 1 person liked their meal. The staff was friendly though and the meal wasn't horrible it just wasn't what we were hoping for. Culinary Dropout: This is the BEST restaurant at the Hard Rock. They have the best staff - so much fun. We loved our servers and went here 3 times in 2 days! Their happy hour is really good, they make amazing drinks - Bourbon Mules, a Dark and Stormy, or if you fancy tequila they have a great selection of spirits. And all their juices are freshly muddled. Their food is awesome too. For snacks, they make their own potato chips with an onion dip but my favorite thing on their menu are the hot pretzel bites served with a fondue dipping sauce. RIDICULOUS!!!! I ate those 2 nights in a row and could polish off an order all by myself. For happy hour they are half price too!!!  They also have a kick ass kale and corn salad and to-die-for SWEET POTATO CANNELLONI. The pasta is so thin so you can taste the filling which is a beautiful mixture of smoked shallots, mushrooms, snap peas, and parmesan. The Joint: I love this venue b/c it's small and the set up is cool b/c everyone has a good seat plus is you want to go to the bar you can still see the stage. Overall, we had a good experience but I would only stay here again if I was going to a show at the Joint b/c it's too far from the strip which limits my feeding choices :O)
4	This is the best hotel and casino for adults aged 21 - 50, who are looking to party.  Almost everything here is reasonably priced.  If you book far enough in advance, it's about $100 per night for a low end room on the weekend and half that on weekdays.  You can get Kettle One vodka cocktails for $6 at the center bar.  The cocktail waitresses will even bring you complimentary grey goose if you're gambling. Most of the restaurants here are pretty good and they have a Mr. Lucky's 24/7 where you can eat breakfast, lunch or dinner items anytime.The decor is one of the things I love best here.  You will find authentic music memorabilia from hundreds of legends.  For example: Johnny Cash, Queen, Guns and Roses, Nirvana, The Beatles, Tupac, Ice T, Lil Jon, Bob Marley, etc.  You almost feel like you're in a museum here because many of the music exhibits are so robust with memorabilia.There are also beautiful people everywhere here and little to no children.  This is my favorite aspect.  Hard Rock invented the "pool party" with Rehab, and you will regularly find an abundance of these beautiful people packed into Rehab during the warmer months.Finally, the biggest downside of Hard Rock is the location about a mile off the strip.  So keep in mind you will have to cab everywhere or walk for a half hour just to get to the closest of the big hotel casinos on the strip.  If this place were on the strip, it would get 5 stars from me.
4	We stayed here in the HRH tower after we did a "drive thru wedding." The suites are huge! It's a perfect spot for gathering a group of friends. The bathroom was my favorite with a HUGE shower and tub. The beds were fluffy and comfortable. We had a corner room so the view was spectacular and it was quiet. If you have the cash, I'd recommend staying here if you can!
5	We had two rooms reserved at the HRH tower for July 4th weekend for free since my boyfriend's dad comes to Vegas a lot. I was extremely nervous about staying here since almost all the reviews I read were terrible. I mean people were talking about finding poop in their beds! I was pretty terrified! As soon as we arrived the front desk people were extremely helpful. We arrived three hours before check in and they had our rooms ready within the hour. Both of our rooms were the double queen poolside suites. They were gorgeous! Very clean and spacious. We have a living room area and a huge bathroom. Although other people have had horrible experiences I really found that our stay was great. The beds were comfortable and everyone in our group was satisfied by the service and the quality of the room especially since they were comped. The only downside was that the hotel was so far from the strip but anywhere you stay you still have to take a taxi everywhere so that didn't really bother me. It was a great weekend and I would def come back again!
3	I'm kinda at a fence when it comes to the Hard Rock. Stayed at this Hotel about twice this year. First time was Super Bowl weekend and most recent was this past July 4th. Rooms are pretty decent depending on what you get. The standard room wasn't jaw dropping and had some issues with it. During my first visit, we stayed at the one of the rooms in the Paradise tower. The carpet was still wet and I disliked the black toilets and black tile shower walls. I'm blind without my glasses or contacts so when I would take a shower, it was even harder for me to see anything because of the black shower tiles. This past 4th of July weekend my husband and I stayed at the Gorilla suite on the 2nd floor at the Paradise towers. The room itself was pretty cool. We had our own little patio right next to Rehab. It would have been great to been able to go in and out by the pool as we pleased, but our gate that separated us from the pool was locked. We were told by the front desk that we would be able to have poolside access from our suite but was later told we couldn't. Since our room was next to Rehab the music would be blasting from 10am - 7pm. I didn't mind as much but your the type of person who needs quite time, then this suite is not for you.
5	I love this place! Heres the rundown:Rooms suck, tvs are blurry, the showers dont heat up, pillows will murder your neck. Everything else is awesome!The beach pool is awesome!Tons of penny slotsThe Luxe bar is by far the best barThe food ar culinary drop out is good but outrageously awful customer serviceMr. Luckys is Easily the best, most reasonably priced,  place in the hardrock with the best customer service. You have to eat breakfast here! During my whole trip I had a burger, a club sandwich, steak and eggs, and a teriyaki bowl at mr luckys and I loved all of it.  Fastest service of any of the hardrock resteraunts too! Youve gotta eat here.
5	If you're lucky, you will check in with Gary (who rocks- just because he does) and Andrew will be your bartender. Overall, Hard Rock was the perfect hotel for the 4th weekend. I loved the room and it wasn't that far from the airport or the strip. The only con was the fact that even though a resort fee is required, you don't have access to the "party pool" just the boring family pool. I stayed by the murky pool about 7 minutes. It was whack. I would definitely stay at Hard Rock again.
1	Your cage wait time is the reason I won't mess with you! NO MORE' u guys are progressively getting worse.
3	Driving through on a road trip and it was cheap. It's nice for the price, I don't understand why people have such high expectations when they're paying $60 for a room + resort fee. That's what a motel 6 will cost you in a small town. Our room was clean and quiet. I was annoyed they didn't let us check in until 3. We got there early (along with many other groups) and unless you upgrade your room, you're room "isn't clean yet". They say they'll call when it's ready but they don't. No refrigerator in the room and it's quite a walk from the strip. We used their free shuttle service but of course it only runs until 5. If I did it again I'd pick something closer to the strip, but it's not a bad hotel for the money.
4	Nice place, just not my style. When you walk into the room everything is black right down to the ironing board cover.  Its cool for some people, but not me. EVEN THE PEOPLE DRESS IN BLACK,  I should have known then, but didnt pay that much attention. I thought it was a Rock n Roll hotel. This is a Punk Rock hotel.  Im on a paycation and wanted to try a different hotel,  well im living the try something different hotel this weekend... we are in Paradise towers and the rooms are Gothic decor with black batrooms that feel like you are in a mausoleum. The acoustics in the bathroom are awesome. Hey it just hit me Black like a studio. Low lights, No coffee maker in the room, not enough free toiletries...hee hee. Im going to hit up the maid. Im poolside so thats cool. Would I stay here again?   O hell NO!
4	The HRH is one of my favorites in Vegas.  I don't know why but I'm into the rock and roll vibe.  I've never had an issue with service or conditions but I do know that they draw a younger crowd.  With that comes a lot of booze.  It's not unusual to see bikini clad women stumbling drunk back to their rooms after hanging out at the pool all afternoon.  The poolside dj can be heard from the rooms upstairs.  I guess that could be a drawback but you're not in Vegas to hang out in your room.  The HRH also plays host to concerts.  I was there recently when Widespread Panic was playing and everywhere you went was pot smoke and patchouli.  Again, the HRH is not for the faint of heart.
4	This place is amazing! Rehab is a good time it's defiantly not what it used to be but still fun and I can't get enough of pink taco! Can't wait to come back!
5	Completely loved this hotel!Everyone from the front desk people to the awesome housekeeper Dasiy was amazing.Checking in was a breeze and so was checking out. The rooms were clean and exactly like the images shown on the site.The food was extremely overpriced but hey, your in Vegas and it's in a hotel, what do you expect.The only thing that annoyed me was on my last day we had called to find out about getting a cabana and the lady on the phone (i wish i remembered her name) said that the pools are going to be closed all day for a private event. Well when we were leaving the hotel for something we noticed that the pool was open and so were the cabanas. Needless to say I was pissed as I wanted to do that for my birthday and since we were told it was closed we had made other plans.Other than that misshap this place was awesome.
3	We stayed at hard rock for an all girls trip this weekend. Hotel casino is nice and clean - doesn't reak of cigarettes or smoke which is awesome. It's a far walk through the hotel to get to your room tho- everything's super spread out. The rooms are decent/nice. Not super fancy or up to date. There's no fridge, microwave or coffee maker. Boooo... and our ice machine never worked on the 14th floor. Annoying. We tried several times every day and it never had ice. Lame. But other than that not much complaints. Just wish the hotel had complimentary shuttles running to strip. Rehab pool party was great- gets packed, and was freaking hot! But the pool set up is cool. Played great music, good dancing. Biggest complaint is the ground gets waaaay too hot. The sand burns your feet. Ladies' do not come in heels.... you can't walk in those In sand!
4	Had a awesome time playing at the craps table, I'm up so I can't complain, it gets pretty live in here with all the pool parties and stuff, rehab and vanity is here. Had alot of fun at rehab, but enjoyed the casino better. All the dealers are pretty cool, me and my buddies enjoyed visiting.
5	So I had an event in las Vegas and it so happened to on the weekend of EDC ! Any way I decided to bring my two year old, my sister, and a friend our room was amazing the pool was perfect for my little one while I was a the beauty convention my sister said they went to The pool more than once and when I got to the room we when again the place was clean drinks were good its perfect for a girls road trip and family road trip! We can't wait to go again !
1	Stayed from 7/10-7/13 ...the casino is kind of small but it doesnt have that nasty smell like most hotels do thats a plus. You get free entry into Rehab and Body English after that it was all downhillGetting to the hotel asked for early check in. I was informed that they would give me a call..so I hit the strip. I never got a call came back around 2 asked why didnt I get a call and guess what a room was ready and they were just abount to call me SO I ended up getting charged for early check in on a not real check in  ..the bathroom is small , the..seen a  couple crickets killed one while i was leaving Friday (had to run so half of it was left) The cleaning people obv didn't do a good job because it was still there when we got back !!. The room was hot and cold..Never staying again ..better off staying on anyhwere on the strip so even if you have these problems you dont have to catch a cab everywhere
2	My husband and I just returned home from a four night stay at the Hard Rock Hotel, and I couldn't sit down to write this review fast enough.  We have stayed here nearly every summer for eight years, and have been satisfied with our experiences thus far.  It has always been very simple - no special treatment really, but not drama either -- Until now.  From the get go, we were told that we would be called once our room was available, as we preregistered at 10am.  No biggie.  We just killed time by walking around and stopping for a drink at Culinary Dropout.  By the time 1pm rolled around, I figured I should check on the room to see if it was ready.  When I asked about the room, the lady at the front desk said that it had been ready for a while.  I realized that they were busy (it was a Saturday after all), so I wasn't going to make a stink about the no call.We got a room in the Casino Tower with a view of the pool - clean and simple - which we were completely okay with.  The next day, four of my family members came into town.  I had recommended the Hard Rock Hotel to them, which I was kind of nervous about, because they usually stay in the higher end hotels.  We all booked rooms in the Casino Tower several months ahead of time, and ended up in three different towers.  My sister was given a room in the Paradise Tower, which she was not happy with, and my brother and his wife were upgraded to a suite in the HRH Tower, which they loved.  By the time Monday rolled around, I had booked a pool villa suite in addition to all of our rooms just for Monday night, so that we could enjoy the pool and party in the suite for the day.  I preregistered for the suite Monday around 10am, knowing that it may take a while for the room to actually be ready.  Again, no biggie.  The suite that I wanted (Gorilla Suite) was not available for the night, so I chose the Tree Bark Suite.  I walked around to pool, only to find out that we would not have access to the pool from our patio, as the Breathe Pool was closed, and we would have to walk through the hallway to get to the main pool.  The whole reason I booked the suite was to walk right out of the patio area and have access to the pool - hence POOL VILLA - and when I booked it directly through the Hard Rock reservations, I was told multiple times that we would have an OPEN pool directly outside our patio gate!!  I went to the front desk to express my concerns, and the lady (I'm sorry I didn't get names... ugh) told me that she would have security unlock our patio gate and we would have access to the Breathe pool.  Sweet! I thought.....Right on track.  Until I spoke with the security guy, Pilot, who ended up being the most friendly and helpful person at the Hard Rock.  He told me that the Breathe Pool does not open on the weekdays, and we would not be able to use it, as they did not have a lifeguard on duty.  ((This was not communicated to me in any way shape or form by the front desk staff)).  He apologized profusely on the behalf of the whole hotel and made it a point to try to make me feel better about the situation.  What a guy!  I again, walked to the front desk where I spoke with another young woman.  I began explaining my situation and tried to do what everyone else does when they are unhappy with the hotel.... Get something comped.... in this case.... Maybe a cabana?  WRONG! As soon as I opened up my mouth the woman got stone cold and her eyes glazed over.  I knew there was nothing I could do or say at that point.  Not even hand her some cash.  She was on the dark side.  At that point, we were all pretty much over the idea of a POOL VILLA, so I asked her to cancel the reservation with no penalty, which she did.  I did not once hear an apology from the front desk staff; not even the manager.  There is a huge communication gap that Hard Rock Hotel should address, and the customer service is hardly up to par.  I appreciate that they did not penalize me for cancelling the day of, but IMO, that should have been expected.Here is where I wanted to pull my hair out.  My brother in law went to the front desk ten minutes later and explained our story.  He demanded for a comp cabana.....AND GOT IT!  AND also got an apology out of them.  What??? I was glad, but really... How ridiculous!  Couldn't they have saved everyone the headache when I ASKED for it?  I guess you have to act like an A-HOLE to feel like you are a "guest" at the Hard Rock.  Sorry, I don't work that way.  I will take my polite and friendly attitude somewhere else next time.  To sum it all up.... We ended up having a great time at the cabana, but I only have my brother in law to thank for that.  I would have given Hard Rock one star for such poor customer service and lack of respect for their guests, but the second star is only because of Pilot (I give HIM five stars).  Hard Rock.....if you hire more people like Pilot, I may consider coming back.  But not anytime soon.  Sorry!
5	I don't understand the poor reviews for this place? We spent the night (Thursday) here and it was so fun. Check in/check out was a breeze, the rooms were beautiful, clean, and spacious. The rooms at the hard rock were much better than the Roman tower at Caesars. Check in however on Friday looked horrendous with lines growing faster then the staff could handle. Cab ride to the strip costed us less 8 bucks, 11-12 with tip. 24 hr liquor and subway conveniently located right next to the hotel if you're a tight budget.The prosPool area- Tropical theme, adult only, offer inflatable balloons to turn the pool into a pool party. (Caesars will actually stop you from "volleying inflatable balls")Not as big as other casinos= less walkingConsWish the casino area biggerTipCheck out on your TV or fill out a card near registration. DON'T WAIT IN LINE!!
2	Chose to stay here because of its proximity to the Thomas and Mack Center for NBA Summer League.  It's not the cleanest place - toothpaste stain on the bathroom wall, loose hair on the shower wall, cigarette butts and garbage in the hallways. It's got paper thin walls so you can pretty much make out your neighbors' conversations as well as their bathroom visits.  We called the front desk about our neighbors that had kids screaming and running up and down the halls. We wanted a room far away but they instead offered to call them, which they did - we heard their phone ring after all.  The beds weren't that comfortable and there's a strong smell of weed in the hallways.The tv's aren't in HD, or if they are something's not right because the picture isn't clear.  The drainage on the sink and bathtub are terrible too, took a good 10 minutes to clean the sink after shaving ie.  waiting for the water to drain.Also note they have a policy preventing you from bringing in outside food/drinks but never had a problem bringing water/Coke to our room from outside.  The casino lacked any sort of "buzz" you might find at other casinos.Oh and the wifi, part of the resort fee, is terrible. Can't watch a video on YouTube without buffering for a few minutes every 30 seconds.  No wifi outside of the rooms (ie. casino floor and restaurants).  We called for delayed checkout and were told to call back after 6am.Overall, it wasn't the absolute worst place to stay but I wouldn't come back.
5	My team and I went to Vegas for a conference. This hotel is marvelous inside and out, the rooms are cleaned and spacious, we had pool views. We stayed an extra night but in another room, The Executive Suite, this suite is beyond amazing its a 2 story suite with Elevator, living room, full bathroom downstairs and access to the pool. James with front desk helped us very much during our stay. The only thing that they need to have more employees is for Valet parking they are way too slow, I believe we waited for about a good 15 min. Overall this hotel is great!
3	I really thought this was an awesome hotel. I visited last year for my first time in Vegas and WHOA, I was impressed. The only reason I was forced to take off a star is because of the hotels proximity to the Strip... and when I say proximity, I mean it's not in the proximity at all! However, a quick cab ride and you'll be right on Vegas Blvd with the rest of Hangover crew. Overall, very clean digs and friendly staff. I definitely wouldn't mind staying again.
3	So I have mixed feelings about this hotel. There is only one pool I could go to even though they had 3 acres of pool space. The restaurants and shops inside were cool and I love how they had like all the rockstar clothes!!!!! The pool that I went in was cold and there was no hot tub! We went over to the Golden Nugget and the pool there was awesome! But that's for a different review... It's good for people 18 and over though but I can only speak for myself...
5	So where do I start on this review? First off for anyone considering Hard Rock be aware that it is NOT directly on the strip. For me this is a plus,  but this may be disappointing for some.  Also, there are 3 towers. If you want a more calm and luxurious setting then book HRH Tower.  This hotel attracts many young partiers and the majority stay in the Casino and Paradise towers.  Again if you want to avoid this then book HRH. Now people can't claim they didn't know. My first interaction with Hard Rock was purely the casino. I was there for a convention and most of its attendees used Hard Rock as their hub for meetups. I did extremely well in black jack and from there my experience just got better.  I had a great dealer that recommend I get a casino host,  so I asked for one. After talking with him we were given 2 nights comped in the HRH tower, this was surely due to the gambling.  I get it, keep them here so they give it all back.  But we had a lot of fun and went home after two extra relaxing days.  Tip: if you gamble, GET A PLAYERS CARD.  Hard Rock offers so many comps and deals for people who acrew points.  I have received offers for free chips and shows.  In May we returned,  not for a convention,  but pure relaxation.  My same host got us free tickets to see guns n roses and Jim Jeffries.  We also received 4 days free in a corner suite in HRH. I have gambled in many hotels and I have never received this level of service. My host kept in touch with me the entire time to make sure everything was working out. All in all this is a great hotel which provides spectacular service.
5	The staff was extremely friendly. This is my favorite hotel to go to when I stay in Las Vegas, and I have stayed at many of the hotels throughout Las Vegas. The condition of the room was perfect and an awesome view overlooking the pools. The front desk team always remembered my name and were extremely nice to me. This hotel is so much fun, I don't mind staying off of the strip as long as the place is a good time with great staff. I highly recommend staying at the hard rock due to the service quality and friendly staff.
4	I'll give the HRH Tower suites  4 stars only because it was clean, friendly and didn't have a overwhelming cigarettes smoke smell like the other hotels I visited. But I didn't like how you pay so much on a room that was average. Plus you don't get to keep the snacks and stuff they put in the room. (Extra charge) We had gotten to the hotel at our check in time and our room wasn't ready. On top of that they gave us the WRONG room. We had to wait an hour for our room to be ready.  The room music player didnt work. However our room was decent/ nice and clean.
1	Me and my family came here to rent a hotel at the HARD ROCK hotel and one of the workers just came up to me and basically keep wanting me to show my id many times I felt very discriminated by them. I talk to the AFRICAN AMERICAN security or whatever he is he thinks he owns this place and felt an anxiety from him. I felt harassed and discriminated by this place and I don't recommend the Hard Rock to anyone bad customer service and the staff needs to be retrained.
3	I think my family and I got lung cancer 2 minutes after walking in the doors. You pay a hefty resort fee per day and the pools close at 7pm... Pissed my kids right off. The remote in our room didn't work. There is NO fridge, which pissed ME right off. We stayed in the Paradise Tower, corner King room. Room was nice and didn't smell of smoke. I wouldn't stay here again
4	I'm writing this review so that people can be realistic about their expectations.  Hard Rock is not the nicest, or the best, or even one of the best, hotels in Vegas.  But if you are looking for a good hotel with a great price that does the job - Hard Rock is it.   We booked through Expedia and our trip included our flight.  It was a good deal.  My friends booked through a Groupon and stayed in the HRC tower, which is nicer, but I think we got the better deal.  In the Casino tower, which is older, our room was awesome, the bathroom was nice, the bed was super comfy and the view totally sucked.  It was a full view of a roof area with a wall.  We only saw a sliver of sky.  But....because our view sucked, we were able to take a nap on the Saturday we were there and our room was nice and quiet!   (Naps are necessary in Vegas.)  And who spends tons of time staring out their window in Vegas anyway?  Our friends, with their fancy suites in the HRC tower, with views overlooking the great "Rehab" pool party...their rooms were super loud.  Like, major bass and really obnoxious.We went to Vegas to celebrate our friend's 40th birthday.  We had a great time, we were there for less than 48 hours.  Hard Rock totally suited our needs.  We ate at Pink Taco for Sunday brunch and were very happy, and the other restaurant there was great as well.  The bars and drinks were ok, and the gambling was pretty average.  I'm taking off a star because checking in (on a Friday afternoon) was kind of a mess.  Long lines, not enough desk agents, and our room wasn't ready by 5pm, which was really crappy!  Check in is between 3-5.  Give people their rooms on time!  When we complained about it, we got a 'I'm really sorry' and that was it.  So...we just got screwed out of some time and no one really cared.  But other than that, pretty awesome trip!  (I wish I could give a 3.5 score, but I'll round up)(If you really like gambling - stay somewhere else.  Other casinos we visited were way more happening and fun, with more options.  HR is old and off the strip, so the casino wasn't a draw for us.  And if you like a major club-scene pool party - Rehab is it.  It's both weekend days and from the looks of it, people were ready to PARTY at the pool.  We are not into that scene, so we stayed at the quieter, free pool, and had a lovely time.  Although, unless you pay for a cabana, lounge chairs are hard to come by.  If I could do it again, I would just splurge on that.)
4	We had booked this hotel on Expedia for $37 as we were just stopping in town for a night on our road trip and wanted a cheap and decent place to stay. I was completely freaked out once reading all the awful reviews on here but the cancellation fees were as much as the room itself, so figured we should just go along for the wild ride. I was pleasantly surprised once we got into town and checked in. We were offered an upgrade for $20 to the HRH Tower w/ Pool View and King bed. This also allowed us to check in early (arrived at 2:30) and to skip the resort fee of $25 I hear they try to charge. Overall the hotel is pretty nice and clean. It seems like they try hard not to have the place reek like cigs, which is a huge plus. Our room was thoroughly cleaned when we got in (and I checked the bed for human shit, after reading the horrible review below). The rooms didn't seem run-down as others have mentioned, and the bathroom was clean and stocked with lots of fluffy towels and shampoo, soap, etc. The decor is not my taste... and it's pretty hilarious that there's an Affliction store in the actual hotel (they still make that stuff?). The wallpaper, decor and general vibe of the hotel is very bro-y, sort of like you stepped back 8 years ago to a MMA convention or something, but i think that's the vibe they're going for. If you have a tribal or koi fish tattoo, enjoy the odd 'roid every now and again, and still wear platform flip flops then you will feel right at home. The pool was awesome! We were there on a Thursday (was happy to avoid Rehab) and there was a perfect amount of people there to keep it fun but not crazy. The only critiques I would have are the drinks and food are pretty expensive, but honestly that's expected here. Considering we paid $60 for the room we didn't feel too ripped off paying for $16 margeritas. That and the fact that it's a bit far from the strip, but if that's what you're looking for then this is a great place to stay for probably pretty cheap. Don't let the bad reviews fool you!
5	A great place to stay. Solid prices for outstanding perks. Just off the strip , so not alot of tourist foot traffic. A 3 minute cab ride gets u to the Cosmo , so that is fine .Mr Lucky is a classic place and reasonablly priced.very friendly staff at Pink Taco ,  Jerry at the bell desk was outstanding . Great memorabilia on casino floor, great atmosphere , and 5 star pool .HRH Tower , around a 100 a night , feels like a celebrity style room. Quiet neighbors , fast elevators ,  Deep bath tub , rain style shower head and two flat screens. Only complaint is that the original pool seems to be off limits nowadays unless u have deep pockets or status.. will be back soon.
1	I booked a room in the HRH tower because of the description of the customer service as well as the rooms, which are all suites. When I arrived they had just let my friend upgrade her room for a room from a casino tower king to the same room we had reserved. She was immediately taken to her room while we were told to wait 1-3 hours. When we finally got to our room, our couch smelled of animal and urine, the bathroom light didn't work, the shower head fell off and one of the curtain rods fell off. We then asked for another room and were told none on the same floor were available. I then spoke with a manager who "moved some things around" and got another room on the same floor. We've now waited over an hour for our new room and after flying all day with my one year old son this is extremely exhausting and beyond ridiculous.
3	The room is a basic no frills room. It is dusty as hell though! There's a layer of dust on everything! Stayed in the Paradise Tower and the room needs updating. Cabinets are all beat up, shower fixture is breaking, one lightbulb is out.It's dark in here!The view is good though.The pools are neat with the sand and all. You can't bring your own drinks down to the pool unless you buy their HR Rehab cups.Not bad for $39 per night though.
3	Got a great deal on Priceline for a 2-night weekday stay.  I was in Vegas on business & was happy to stay at what I thought was one of the most popular & hip hotels in Vegas.  The room was great--Rock & Roll theme & I loved all the Rock & Roll displays throughout the hotel!  But, the casino, for the most part, was dead!  No matter what time of the day or night, there were very few people around.  Because the hotel is NOT on the Strip, it was a long & not very friendly walk to get where the action was.  Maybe there's some reason the casino was dead & I just don't know the reason.  Maybe this explains why I got such a great deal on Priceline!
1	Visit was in May of 2014:As a BIG fan of music, I was excited to hit this place up. I walked in and my eyes widened at the sight of Sex Pistols memorabilia and I spent a great deal of time walking the entire floor to look at all of the goodies. Unfortunately my excitement was short lived... My friend and I sat down at some slot machines. We were carded immediately which is ok. It happens. However, this happened every single 5 minutes. I am not exaggerating. I was carded by the same woman 3 times! I moved to a different area and was again carded by two other guys working the floor. I made a comment to the guy carding me and said wow man every 5 minutes I'm going to be carded, really? And he laughed at me and said I highly doubt that. Had a very poor attitude. Please let me add in that I was here on a weekday and the casino floor was EMPTY. The bars were empty and there were a few scattered people throughout. I wasn't lost in a crowd where they had to continuously card me. There was nobody there! Their poor attitudes and eventual HARASSMENT, drove me out of the place. Yes I use the word harassment because that's exactly what it was! I left very unhappy and I will NEVER return to this place again. What a disappointment.
3	It's far off the strip but one my best friends love rock music so I opted to visit. It was okay. Boring for a non rock fan.
3	Good:Location is slightly off the strip, which was nice for us because there was a CVS across the street and local food spots were never slammed busy. Valet guy RICHIE was awesome. Woman at the front desk (cant remember her name sorry!) was awesome as well. All staff members we spoke to were wonderful and accomidating.Food inside the hotel is good.Bed is comfortable.Rooms are clean.Bad: We were on a nonsmoking floor, but half of the time our room / hallways stunk of cigarettes and weed.Lights in room only work at certain times of the day. Rooms are smallHotel is FREEEEEZING
4	First timer staying here and have to say that their customer service at registration and the central bar was awesome!! They were super accommodating and made our first few moments at this hotel wonderful! What a lovely way to start a vacation.
1	Good:For the most part, the room was spacious, very presentable. Location was off the strip and away from the traffic, but close enough to get to the trip when need be.BAD:Our room got broken into and burglarized.  Not everything was stolen- but +$100 cash, 2 macbooks, ipad, and dj set was stolen. Filed a complaint, hotel report and police report as well.
1	I signed up for Yelp just to express how awful this hotel is. For starters, this hotel is NOT accommodating to medical issues. I expressed to the reservations desk that I have a food allergy which necessitated me to bring all of my food for our week-long vacation. When asked, they explained to me that there are no refrigerators in the room, but one could be provided for $20 a day. Absurd. I even offered to provide a note from my doctor confirming my very serious food allergy (so they didn't think I was making this up just to have a fridge), and she was very rude and would not help me.The room was spacious, and the bed was comfortable. But taking into consideration that there is no refrigerator, microwave, or coffee pot in the room, it was way too pricey.Our room keys failed three times, and we kept having to get them remade over and over.The pools are very nice. But the music from the DJ is so loud that I could barely talk to my husband. It would be nice to have at least one day a week, or a portion of the day where there isn't relentless party music. I thought the pools would be relaxing, but it was annoying, and the music was the same.... it was the same songs on the same loop every day.Also, considering that I am staying at the hotel, I should not have to pay $50 a day to use the pool on the weekends because of the Rehab pool party.Overall, this was a terrible hotel experience, and I walked away feeling like I had thrown a lot of my money down the drain.
4	The Hard Rock Casino is a really fun place to play.  I really dig the youthful and energetic vibe, and of course the music is awesome.  I couldn't help but hum and sing along the background music while playing blackjack, something I'm sure everyone else at the table appreciated.  When it wasn't the music distracting my game, it was the beautiful Hell's Belles.  Good times.
1	The room was filthy. The carpets would have you believe they don't own a vacuum. Fixtures were broken. Every outlet was bashed in and broken so the few that actually worked required you to either hold plugs in or they'd fall right out. People were staying in the rooms to drink loudly at all hours. Annoying at times, but not unexpected. However, the jagged broken glass aftermath in the hallway that remained for a FULL day and night was completely unacceptable. They charge a resort fee, presumably for amenities, yet any and all amenities are banned to anyone below 21. They advertise a nice pool, but this is clearly excluded from the price as an 18-20 year old cannot at any time use this and is delegated to a 3' kiddie pool for no apparent reason as this is still entirely littered with abandoned beers and half drunk alcoholic beverages.
4	Had a groupon deal at this place VERY last minute, so I had little to no expectations.. But wowzas!! Did we luck out! The room was nice, different, very rock n rolling, hence the name..the patio view was amazing but my favorite part was the bathroom! Normally  a huge germaphobe when it comes to hotel bathrooms but it was very clean,and the shower was HUGE! The tub part went higher than my knees, I literally almost had to climb in..lol so not ideal for really old people.I didn't go with the 5 stars because of something really minor! Only because I tried to extend the room for another night and they were going to charge over $200 when I paid only $50 the night before..on a Tuesday. Umm, no thanks! But hey, not their fault but if u can use a groupon.. DO IT!!
1	If I could put a zero I would.  Worst  Customer service!! We had do not disturb on the door and the maid came in anyway! No consideration for your privacy. We called to complain and they said they would send a supervisor up. We waited over an hour and still no supervisor. We called three times! At the pool they charged us for coconut water we never ordered coconut water nor did we get coconut water. That was only one issue we had with our bill. They charge for everything.  I recommend you stay at the Cosmopolitan.  Cosmo is a bit more money but you get what you pay for. Rooms are nice at hard rock but service is non existent.
5	Awesome hotel. Got a really cheap deal for the nights we stayed. The juice bar I would highly recommend! The beds were amazing! Rehab was fabulous even though they don't except pre loaded cards which is disappointing considering that's all we had. And last but not lease I will warn everyone that is reading this don't go to the fuel cafe inside.
2	came here for a work meeting. not the best choice from my company as many folks roamed the hallways in swim cloths. not a family hotel. also the layout was very strange. would not stay here again
3	Very nice casino! It's what I expect when I walk into any Hard Rock franchise. The rooms are very spacious and they have a lot of cool shops inside. I did not get to try Pinks Tacos but next time I will. The staff is very courteous and there is plenty of parking. The only knock is its a mile off the strip but I do not mind walking here to burn off the calories from the beers I drank. It is worth a walk or a cab ride to come here.
3	I expected better. They charged 25$ a night for service fee, The housekeeping lady came into my room twice while i was changing and when i told her not to come in she still did. They have to make phone calls when their finished cleaning rooms, and they did it while i was in the room as well, which i found a little rude. When i came there, they made me wait in the pool for 2 hours because my room wasn't ready, and they were going to charge me an additional fee if i checked in early. I was just really mad with their service because there was packed line and there was only 3 people standing at the counter. The pool was okay, they had white sand and it was burning hot. Overall, it's an okay hotel, i just expected better
2	The good: great food, great people, great hardscape and pools and all. The bad: we stayed in the HRH tower 1. An upgrade to a suite, 15th floor. When we entered our suite the first thing that came to mind was the term 'road hard put away wet'. Yes, the room is dated. Everything very dirty looking. Like putting lipstick on a pig. It's still a pig. On the last day as we were searching for everything possibly misplaced, my wife found a used condom under the dresser (Lol!).  Married, not ours. As far as the stains on the couches, I will let you figure that one out. Had to place towels on the couches to sit! Our saving grace was family staying at the Mandalay Bay. We spent most of our time there.
4	A mature established rock & roll themed casino resort dubbed from the world famous Hard Rock Cafe.  They have displays of various musicians instruments, costumes and clothing they wore during iconic concerts and music videos.  Examples like Slash's guitar and Brian Setzer's guitar from the Stray Cats times.  Gwen Stafani's red leather ska pants & no doubt wifebeater.  Princes Purple Rain leather jumpsuit get up etc. etc.  The amenities include cheesy trendy named restaurants with decent dishes.  Nobu is an awesome $$$$ sushi joint.  Culinary Drop Out serves the usual hipster tapa menu array.  The HRH pool includes a beach type setting with sandy areas and bars abound with probably one of the original LV dayclubs Rehab.      It's just off the strip, but walkable, and close enough to some really cool local bars like the Double Down Saloon and the infamous "Fruit Loop" LGBT community.Came here for a little local vacay with my girl.  We had a very swank suite that had modern furnishings a separated lounge area and an upscale bathroom.   Great view of the pool.  After partying at the punkrock bar DD down the street we ordered room service that night.  It was a shrimp cocktail for an appetizer, fillet mignon for the main, chocolate strawberries for dessert & 2 cocktails.  All were decent about 4/5 for room service standards.   The servers were quick and non intrusive. Overall it was a great time at the HRH!
1	Honestly I wish this hotel experience could have been better. The front desk wasn't as rude as people said they were, in my experience they were really helpful actually. But that's where it ends. We checked in on a WEDNESDAY they said our room wasn't ready yet so I said it was fine and gave my phone number and they would call when it was ready. So after 3 HOURS of waiting in the hotel lobby's I went to the desk and asked if my room was ready thinking that they must have made a mistake with my phone number, unfortunately it still wasn't ready. So I waited another hour and asked again, when the Asian lady helped me again she saw how long I waited and offered me a room on the 3rd floor. Because my original room on the 16th floor wasn't cleaned yet and the cleaning crew is barely on the 5th floor. So I thought about it and realized if I was going to wait I would be in my room by midnight. So my wife was disappointed because we didn't have a view but we were tired after a 6 hour car ride. When we got into our room we were surprised that this room has been "cleaned" there was shrimp tails on the floor and the bathroom smelled terrible. The bed was comfy but smelled terrible like the staff never changed the sheets or pillows. Honestly the whole bed smelled like body odor and sweat. We had to contact the front desk about this problem and it took them around 1. Hr to send someone to fix it. And on top of that the shower smelled terrible like the water coming out of the shower smelled bad. Not to add to the fact that there was semen stains the glass walls of the shower. Honestly they said the paradise tower was beautiful but it was so dark in there I don't see how that is considered paradise.
1	If had the chance to stay in your car or Hard Rock Hotel stay in your car.  Wifi didn't work, safe didn't work, front disk and Manager  extremely unprofessional.  When I called to complain she was trying to make a believe that with removing resort fee everything will be Better. I won't be back to this establishment ever again.  Not even for free.
5	As a frequent traveler to Vegas, this is my favorite place to stay. The Center Bar is always a good time and allows you get your drinks faster and more often when gambling. Rehab Pool Party is a must and highly recommend staying at Hard Rock Sunday Night.  Mr. Luckys and Pink Taco always have good service and awesome food. And if you like to gamble, the rewards card, Backstage Pass, is much better there compared to M Life rewards.FYI: If there is more than 3 people just spend the extra for a suite in the HRH Tower...it will be worth it with the 2 Queen Beds, and Nice Sofa (that may pull out) split by 2 French Doors with a pair of 2 Flat Screens.
1	Pretty disappointed with the hotel. We checked in on a Monday. I guess we were in the main section of the hotel, on the 11th floor facing the pool. We headed out pretty much immediately. Came back to the hotel around 9 and our room was extremely hot. We thought we just had the air on the wrong setting, so we fixed it and headed out again. Got back at 4 am and our hotel room was around 80 degrees, so we called maintenance. They responded right away, checked out our unit, and said the air was working properly. At 6 am, all four of us woke up, miserable. We went to the front desk to change rooms but were told every room was full. Our only option was to switch to an upgraded room the next day in the HRH tower, but we would have to pay for the upgrade. They refunded the day fee ($24) and we switched rooms the next day at 11. The new room was improved but I still find it unacceptable that we had to pay a $80/day upgrade when their room was the one with the issues. If they didn't have an equal room with a working air conditioner, we should have been upgraded free of charge. While we were able to salvage the trip, I will never stay here again!
1	My only complaint, but it ruined my sleep there is at 4am, deep into sleep I heard a buzz go off. So I had to find out what it was. Turns out, it was one of their cordless phones in my room. Something I would never use. Apparently, staff unplugged the phone charger. When the battery in the phone died, it starts buzzing. Ruined my sleep. I could had stayed at motel 6 and had a better night sleep. I complained to the management but they did no compensation for me at all but say they will alert the staff about what happened. Not a happy camper.
3	Just completed a two night stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas and left dissatisfied. Our room was clean and spacious but there were a few lights in our room that were not working. We were a group of three girls and I must say that it was difficult to get ready for the day/night because all of the mirrors were in one corner of the room. AWKWARD!The decor was pretty cute, the beds were amazing/very comfortable, shower was heavenly, and all of the staff we encountered was pleasant. I will say that the only reason decided to  book at the HRH is because we were told that we get up to four complimentary tickets to Rehab; upon check-in we quickly learned that is not the case! They will only give you rehab tickets at a discounted rate but($28 for the first 2 and $33 or $35 for the third and fourth tickets) it totally isn't worth it if you are a girl because you can pretty much get into ANY pool party for free by getting on the guest list.As far as the actual hotel lobby/casino..I really like how they have the actual outfits that musical artists have worn during some of their most popular performances. It was very cool to see..and the excitement stopped there for me.
1	Horrible service for a horrible stay. Teens everywhere constantly screaming, bottled water costs is 3000% beyond reasonable, and rooms are mediocre. Stay someplace else to avoid the pain.
2	With all the great hotels in Vegas, I would never stay here again. I stayed with my husband for 4 nights and will be my first and last time. We stayed in the HRH tower. Pros: Cool costumes worn by famous people, pools are awesome and bed are very comfortable. Make sure you stop and buy drinks, I bought a bottle of water in the room for $9.00. No bratty kids running around, well, actually you had drunk, loud, and rowdy young people running around. There was always some kind of drama in the elevator or in the hallways. Cons: Room was kind of dirty, even after housekeeping came in, they didn't do a very good job with cleaning. They might have had a toiletry shortage because we only got them the first night. Restaurants were very pricey. I hated the lighting in the room, the only normal light was in the washroom minus toilet room. I didn't like how the doors to the washroom were clear. The only privacy you have is in the tiny toilet room and it was moldy and dark. The  last day of our stay, housekeeping came in at 9:00 a.m., she knocked lightly and I was in the shower, keep in mind that those doors are clear. I let out a huge scream and my husband told her our check out was at 11 a.m. and to come back later. The resort fee is 22 plus tax, which equaled out to 25.86 per day. Ridiculous.
2	A true comedy of errors. First, our RESERVED room in the HRH tower was magically "downgraded" to a room in the casino tower. Next, due to the casino tower selling out (EDC weekend), we were then sent to the paradise tower and told the " upgrade" would be free. We did not receive housekeeping services for 3 days, which is pretty gross when the trash is full and you have wet towels.Upon check out, I recieved a "bill" for nearly $800. ( I was an invited guest and comped!) I was told I had to now pay for the room due to demand over the time I was there!? I was then sent to VIP services where I showed the email where I was to be comped. They said sorry and refunded $50 of my resort fees.This hotel is so disorganized, stay somewhere else.
3	My group decided to take an extremely spontaneous trip to Las Vegas on Friday night. We managed to get a room at the Hard Rock. It was our first time staying there, and there was a fairly big group of us. We asked room service to send up a rollaway bed so no one would need to sleep on the floor, but I guess they don't do that even though it says on multiple hotel booking sites that they're available upon request? Kinda lame because the Palms sent us up two rollaways once. We ended up just getting a few extra blankets. The room itself was really nice. Paradise tower, two queen beds and a pretty view of Rehab and the strip. The beds were soft and comfortable. Like most hotels, they offer a mini bar and various snacks/drinks and even an intimacy kit. Hard Rock calls theirs the "I Got Lucky" intimacy kit and it's $36. Water bottles are $9. If you want water, you can get a $2 bottle at the vending machine next to the ice machine. We all just got a big cup of water from the cafe on the first floor of Paradise tower for 75 cents.
3	I reviewed little late.Our team (office co-works) visit this place 3month ago.For 4days 3nights.noise level good.bed comfort level - so so...(it was not good for me)room is very hot even with AC on all night.top of the floor there are swimming pool and there are slots a sexy ladies~Company try to looking for cheapest place.Yeah for the money it's ok hotel not for the revisit next time.
1	Worst valet in the whole lv area. The desk was empty for 10 mins and asked where they were the door man said over there very rudely.  Took them 20 mins to get car with no wait. Was also in the casino and had some one ask me for drugs. Walking thru again was stopped and asked again for drugs. Really hr casino, I'm so glad I spend my bank roll somewhere else.
1	Ill give that hotel 1 star or motel style ,no cufe in room  i asked Y ?they told me even belagio  hotel dont have ,are u comparing to that !!! Slow as speed internet , no buffet. Away from strip its not worth it
4	Estuve en el hrh tower, excelente el cuarto, muy recomendable. El servicio muy bueno, la vista a las piletas  y todo Las Vegas, es fabulosa.
5	I really enjoyed my stay here this past weekend for my second time ever being in Vegas. I had such a blast! We upgraded to a 2 bed room with an amazing pool/strip view on the 18th floor for only an additional $20 a night. Unfortunately I did not get to experience the awesome pools they have, such as rehab, but everytime we were walking towards the lobby we would pass it and it looked and sounded poppin!The casino isn't as big as many other casinos in other hotels but was entertaining. The room service was on point, they came to check if we needed anything every morning at 9am and I really appreciated that as to the fact that I love getting and using fresh, clean towels. The last hotel I stayed at when I was in vegas did not send room service at all until the absolute last day that I was there which was pretty irritating so I truly do appreciate the Hard Rock staff being consistent.The beds are sooooo comfortable we almost didn't get up once we had laid down!The only irritating thing I found about the rooms were how dark they were. Everything in the bathroom was black so it was kind of hard to shave my legs even with the lighting, which we kept on while we were out and while we slept all night because it takes a while for the lights to turn onto their brightest form which wasn't very bright either.For an awesome hotel and great customer service, I am so surprised that I was not charged more than $500 for my stay here. Perhaps sometime in the near future I will experience other great hotel service in vegas and if not, well at least I know where I can get it. Thank you so much Hard Rock Hotel for a great weekend experience.
4	Not quite sure what all these bad reviews are about but I'm glad I had a good experience. The rooms are decorated beautifully, if you're into monochromatic decor than you're going to go nuts over it just like I did. We got the deluxe room which had two queen sized beds in it over viewing a fountain that is shaped just like a vinyl record. The curtains they have in there are super cute, and have the options of blackout or light filtering. Anyway, everything was comfortable, clean and the prices were cheap. $100 for a room for a night without any reservations. Going back to sleep now, way too hungover for this. ZzzZZzz
4	I finally had an opportunity to stay here at the Hard Rock Hotel! Let's see where to begin. I will start with valet! Valet has very professional and courteous employees that take your car for you and actually they move pretty fast for having as few ppl working that they did. I recently stayed during a pretty hectic weekend aka Mayweather fight weekend along with the pool party being thrown at REHAB! I actually only ended up getting a hotel here by default because for those of you who don't know when you are a hotel guest you get special discounted tickets on REHAB events along with other things that take place during your stay! Also there is a dedicated line for hotel guest as well when you attend your event. The hotel room itself was located in the Casino Tower my room was a pool view on the 11th floor which I feel like was the best location to stay! Beware though of you are wanting a quiet and relaxing stay this tower or view would not be ideal as the music from REHAB is LOUD and you can hear everything regardless if your balcony doors are shut or not! Overall the stay was good! I would stay again and maybe check out the HRH Tower Suites!
1	Wow. What scammers. In room snack tray is a joke! If u literally pick an item up off the tray to examine it u get charged for it!!! I can only guess the 1000's of unsuspecting guests who have been charged $9 for a water for looking at it! Scumbags. This place is a pit hole. Wow. Im not going to touch on the guests who stay here cuz they have the right to.. but wow...just wow. The music wow... bring some advil. What pool closes at 6:30pm? One run by a sh*t hole management obsessed with YOUR money. Get to their casino and give them your cash! The 'free' shuttle to the strip, that u pay for in your daily hotel charges closes at 5:30pm..really? Its a solid 25 min walk to the strip one way. This hell hole sucks...go anywhere else on the strip if u want to be respected.  Clearly management here thinks youre a money sign amd they have no respect for their guests!
2	I've been fortunate enough to have stayed at several of the hotels in Las Vegas so I've experienced both ends of the spectrum. HRH is definitely on the lower end of the spectrum. As a music/history nut, all the history on display throughout the hotel is AMAZING to look at but it is quickly dwarfed by the clientele and room quality. We booked a room through Hotel Tonight. Although it saved us some bucks, I still think the price we paid was too much considering the overall quality of the hotel. We stayed in the Casino Tower which is in definite need of some upgrades. The halls are pretty dingy and the doors/walls are scuffed. The room itself seemed to have paper thin walls and we had the pleasure of being next door to a girls weekend so we got to hear loud voices and loud music all night. At one point, it sounded like our sink was over flowing and was making some crazy weird gurgling noises. Thankfully it wasn't but at 3am it was not pleasant to wake up to and panic about. And one other minor but irritating detail was that the door that connected our room to the other did not touch the ground so a consistent glowing light was shining through the bottom from the other room.We ate at FU which was good but VERY empty for a Saturday night. I think we had the entire wait staff taking care of us because of their lack of customers haha. But hey, we will take it! The casino floor itself is pretty small as it goes for Vegas hotels. The overall energy of the hotel just did not FEEL like Vegas on a Saturday which was kind of a bummer. We did enjoy some people watching but it all just seemed kind of dreary and since the strip is too far away to walk and traffic on Sat can be crazy, we opted to just go back to the room. I think if you are looking for a place to pre-party and or just go to the pool and then be beyond tired so you can sleep through anything, this is the joint for you, but if you are one to enjoy the luxuries that a nice hotel can offer, I'd keep looking :)
1	first ever bad experience here & it was all about the check in process & rooms not ready. they made us wait indefinitely & the first ever RUDE experience with check in staff. won't be coming back but it used to be cool here :(
1	This is  not a comment so much about the hotel experience but more for the casino portion of it , I had a horrible time as i am 40 yrs old and was carded through out the casino at least 5 times  the first lady was very nice, and as I expected would card me because they have to card anyone gambling on the floor (understood) but as I stayed in the same spot I was carded by four other people with the last not leaving a great taste in my mouth this guy was very nasty, and not hospitable even after I expressed my concern with being carded 4 times before he approached me he continued to give me a nasty glare I understand I look young. but please get some type of code of conduct, as to how to treat your guess. thank you
1	DISAPPOINTED to say the least.  We scored a room for what I thought was a bargain until check in when I learned that an $25.00 per day would be added for a "resort fee". At the desk, I specifically asked if that would include our use of the spa and was assured that it would. Upon using the spa, which is decadent, I learned that there was an additional $25.00 fee for day-use of the spa. Gaming area is small and SMOKY. Of course one expects cigarette smoke when in Vegas but the small space made it ridiculous. To their credit, the pit crew was helpful most of the time. Please stay here if these things don't matter to you and you do not intend to stay in your room other than to sleep. Upon arrival we ate at the PINK TACO restaurant; my chicken tostada salad was flavorless; almost like eating cyber-food if such a thing existed. Perhaps soylent green; I don't know.  Refreshingly, their signature $7.77 steak dinner was VERY good. Valet is free, with the exception of the standard tip, and well organized. We never had to wait long to retrieve our car. Wi-Fi is free!!!! (if you can get a connection, which I could not...)Overall, I found the attitude of the staff in-conducive to my return. Will find a better deal elsewhere. Rock On
4	The other complaints aren't all that far from the truth, but I do think it's possible to stay here and have a good time.  I've stayed here 5-6 times in the last 5 years and only once did I have a bad time.  Stayed here for work, a bachelor party, thanksgiving and just recently HRH offered me a free night to come back.  They had new management and I do think they are making a concerted effort to provide better service.  The restaurants are completely fine and Nobu is a very nice option to stay in and dine if you want to have a fancy meal.  Everything else is serviceable, which is exactly what i w=prefer when in Vegas considering all the other ways money flees my wallet.  That being said, I really love their pools and I've always had a good time there.  Some people may complain about the resort fee, but if you use the pool the way it's supposed to be used then it's worth it as it is well taken care of and the other patrons of the pool are friendly.  It also doesn't hurt to have good dj's playing and good drinks.  Anyway, I'd totally stay here again and if you don't like the size of the casino or the restaurants then go somewhere else...that's what Vegas is all about after all.
1	Lets just say i will NEVER book my stay in Vegas at this Hotel..I booked my room 2 months in advance and when i get to the HRH tower they tell me i've been down graded..it was my friends bachelorett party you know how bad i felt that we were gonna stay at a reg ass room on her day..i booked a suite for a reason..not only did they try to brush by saying "its in the fine print, if we overbooked you get down graded" they wanted to cancel my reservation because we werent having there bullcrap. the worst experience ever with this hotel.
4	Have not stayed in this hotel in nearly 10 years and was pleasantly surprised with my 4 day stay.  First, the hotel remains fun yet it is not too big, making it easy to get in and out of the hotel, to the parking structure, grab a bite of food or coffee, etc.  I don't really gamble, so I have no comment on the action there but I found the staff very friendly and helpful and the room to be very comfortable.Not a family friendly resort and the room prices are very great deals.  The hotel is also a refreshing change from the corporate stuffiness of many 'upscale' resorts and made for a nice change of pace while attending a trade show filled with suites and ties.
2	Sadly disappointed in the room and housekeeping at this hotel. We came in and had to call down as our light bulbs were burnt out, not a problem they came to fix it while we went to eat. Then the next day housekeeping comes in and this is the first hotel of many I have stayed in that they leave the dirty glasses on the sink and don't refresh them. Didn't put any lotion or shampoo out on day 2. Lucky I brought some from home. When checking in we had a case of water as my sister in law takes quite a bit of medication and we were only 2 ladies and no men to help carry and they said that the hotel policy was that the bellman can't take water to the room. So we had to lug it all the way to the other side of the hotel. Amazing customer service huh!!!  Hotel hospitality doesn't exist here.
2	Slooooooww check in process been in line for 20mins after they called me to say room was ready.  Customer service is at a premium here....
1	DO NOT stay at this hotel if you expect quality service, quality surroundings and a quality stay.  I booked this hotel for a quick getaway with my Granddaughter.  The first thing she noticed when we checked into our worn room was the "intimacy kit".  I have stayed in tons of hotels thruout the years, but this was a first.  Then we went down to the Pink Taco for dinner.  We arrived around 6:30 PM, BEFORE the partying really gets started.  There were lots of available tables at that time, but the hostess thought it would be a good idea to seat a group of middle aged, DRUNK men right next to us.  Great.  They scared my Granddaughter and we left. By the way, the prices at the Pink Taco are outrageous and the food is awful.   Save some money and step up your game - go to Taco Bell!  I will NEVER stay here again and will recommend the same to my friends.  Mandaly Bay here we come!
3	Not a bad place to visit, I choose to come here because sometimes I like to do things away from the busy strip, so this is one of my fav low key spots, I like playing the tables here, I do fairly well here, rehab is the pool here so you always see people coming and going to the pool. The cafe is right out side, So getting a nice late bite to eat is very close, oh and walking to and from the strip isn't far at all..
1	Three of us got a room for one night last month.  The hotel has 11 floors; we were in room 1083.  We discovered at midnight that the penthouse directly above our room has a bowling lane.  Google it.It sounds exactly like you would think.  After much back and forth, they comped our room.  I'm amazed they put a room under that suite.  Clueless or greedy, we won't be back.Stay away from the 10th floor.
5	Circle bar in the lobby of hard rock has a dome shape and the acoustic ceiling lets you here conversations from across the bar. Great drinks. Culinary drop out has the best food in Vegas and the suites allow for an almost sound proof room. It blows my mind every time I go to hard rock hotel.
2	Greetings from the Paradise Tower. My room is so dark, so very, very dark.  I mean like dungeon dark.  I want to shave my legs so I can go to the pool but I'm terrified that I'll bleed to death because the bathroom is darker than the rest of the room.  I'll have to use the flashlight on my iPhone somehow.  Everything is black and red and gray, but the towels are typical hotel white.  The clash is actually comical.On a brighter note, the bed is so very comfortable with wonderful fluffy pillows.I'm back to edit this review because I need to tell you about the Pool.  The pool situation increases the creepiness factor of this hotel by about a hundred percent. Here we go, I'll try to keep this short.First attempt: my husband and I tried to get to the pool through a row of glass doors near our elevator bank.  Security stopped us and told us we couldn't enter this way.  He gave us directions for finding the entrance, turns out you have to go through the parking garage (ugly).  We finally find it and are told by more security guards that we can't bring our backpack which has our books and sunscreen and water and other harmless stuff.  Back to Dracula's lair (our room) unpack the backpack, take what we need, head back down. This time we find out we need our ID's to prove we are 21.  We're both in our 40's.  So, back up to the depressing cave of a room, get our ID's and back down through the ugly garage.  Here comes the fun part, after make it through the door after showing ID, we both get pat downs like we've never had in our lives, not at airports or concerts, not ever.  I basically was given a breast exam.  You would have thought we were going to visit someone in prison.Here's what we found when we cleared security, pool #1 was overcrowded loud and obnoxious.  Pool #2 was less loud but just as overcrowded, not a lounge chair to be had. Pools #3 and #4 were CLOSED!We took a quick unsatisfying swim, towelled off and went back to our evil, depressing room.  Then we made it up to ourselves by visiting other awesome hotels and spending time and money there instead.
5	I love the Hard Rock, it has the best pool for partying. No kids, just adults and good music. Good mix up girls and guys.The nicest unpretentious place in Vegas.Rooms are modern, clean, and big.
1	Wish I could give this place negative 5 stars. One of the few places in Vegas where I can play slots for over and hour without being offered a drink. The entire cocktail staff fails so miserably at their job I wonder how they are still employed. Playing at the bar is not any better as I sat for about 10 minutes playing dollar video poker before even being acknowledged. It's an astonishment how this place is empty all the time with all this first class customer service.
4	Stayed at Hard Rock for the first time recently, and it was the bomb.com.  I'd been wanting to stay there, as it seemed fun with its rock n roll vibe.  Upon checking in, the front desk clerk was super friendly.  First thing she told me was she loved my hair, that I had perfect curls (no complaints there).  She then upgraded us to a room in the Paradise tower without us asking.  She let us know it was their most recently remodeled tower.  She was also super helpful with info about restaurants and the free shuttle to the strip.  The room itself was quite nice.  It was on a higher floor, very modern, clean, and had a huge window.  Yes, we were directly overlooking the parking garage, but the larger view was the Vegas strip, absolutely beautiful at night.  The armoire cabinet was a bit scratched up, could use a touch up.  But overall, everything was very clean and our bed was very comfortable.  Yes, the lighting could be better.  It was a bit confusing, and took us some playing around with the switches to figure out which switch worked for which lamp.  I also had to do my makeup by the window, because the lighting in the bathroom was practically non-existent.  The hotel could benefit from investing in brighter bulbs... During the day on the weekends, the lobby was bustling with very attractive people, many half-clothed headed to rehab pool.  We were there toward the end of the season, so the lobby wasn't obnoxiously crowded.  Liked their Lucky's 24 hour cafe.  We stopped there one evening around 2:00 am to grab a late night snack.  The food was decent, the service great, and people watching insane (saw several drunken fools, was impressed with the patience of the servers in dealing with the ridiculousness).  On our last evening, we decided to gamble at the hotel so we could head up to the hotel room when we got tired.  The casino itself was tiny, and there was only one cocktail waitress that was impossible to order drinks from.  Eventually we headed to the circular bar in the main casino to grab drinks.  This too, made for some amazing people watching.  Between watching several "working girls" do their thing, and some old fool literally drunkenly fall of his bar stool, there was plenty of entertainment.  Our bartender was great.  A funny guy with glasses, he was attentive, and allowed me to taste one of the wines before ordering (they don't have a wine list, have a limited selection of wines at the that bar).  The wine was decent.  I later ordered a Patron Espresso, which they didn't have, but the manager overheard me ordering it and offered to check their other bar to see if they carried it.  He took a while to come back (probably distracted with whatever shenanigans were going on), so I ordered a second glass of wine.  He eventually did show up with the Patron, and offered me the drink for free.  Sweet.  They did have one bartender who was kind of a jerk, practically threw the matches at me when I asked for some.  But thankfully, the other bartender was great and we were able to order mostly from him.  I could see how this place might not be for everyone.  I saw a girl puking her guts out by the taxis.  On one evening, the elevator we took smelled like vomit and had a suspicious looking stain on the floor.  We arrived back at our hotel around 2:30 am and the casino was packed to the brim. This is not a family friendly hotel, but frankly, I don't think Vegas is all that family friendly to begin with.  (With all the sex and debauchery flying around, I would never bring my kids here if I had any...)Disappointed that the Pink Taco only has happy hour on particular days of the week.  We love the Pink Taco in LA, and were looking forward to grabbing some appetizers before heading out for the evening  Also, the ventilation in the rooms isn't always great.  Some idiot decided to smoke outside our room, even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room, and our entire room reeked of smoke for a while.  The shuttle only rides once an hour and until 5PM, and the max passenger seating is 20 ppl.  So, unless you want to cab it everywhere, I do suggest you rent a car.  But, all in all, we loved it here.  The scene was great, we felt we fit right in.  I'll def be back.
5	This is the first time I stayed in  Las Vegas and we booked a 6 day stay at the Hard Rock Hotel. The check in went very smoothly. We were on our way to our room in no time. The room was very neat and clean. The view we had on the 4th floor looked right out onto the pool area where the host the Rehab parties. The room was spacious. The bathroom need more lighting. Over all the room was large and more than enough room. The Hotel also houses several places to eat, a small shop for alcohol, drinks and snacks. The Hard Rock also has valet parking. You can also go to the valet to have them call an taxi or limo for you.  The walls and area is adorned with music memorabilia. The casino has table games as well as slots placed around the main floor. Mr. Lucky's 24/7 restaurant is a great deal for meals. They are open 24/7 (hence the name) and the prices are fair. We ate they quite a bit and always had a good meal. They also feature  Sports book lounge if you'd like to place a bet on just about any sporting event. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. All in all we had a great time at Hard Rock Hotel and work stay here again.
2	So I'm starting to think I should have read these reviews before I booked my room that I had this past weekend. The location is decent. Not too far away from anything but not too close to anything. However, the surrounding neighborhood is sketchy. Like wow, totally gonna get robbed soon kinda sketchy. Our room was decent but pretty dirty. There was a nice amount of dust on all of their toiletries, food and water that were available for purchase and the nightstand was both sticky and covered in dust. The girls at the front desk were nice enough but the bell boys looked annoyed and were rude when I tried to ask them a couple of questions about where our room was cause I had no idea where I was going. So it wasn't a horrible stay but it was filthy and that's totally unacceptable. I was never greeted when I came into contact with hotel staff and was treated like a burden when they spared a few moments of their precious time to talk to me.
1	This was probably the worst experience I have had while staying in Vegas. Luckily it was just one night and the reason I even stayed there was to be able to get concert tickets. The staff is rude when and if they even acknowledge you. The rooms are not near the quality they advertise and seem dirty and not maintained well. The toilet was stained and dirty. Outside the window on a ledge was a large collection of garbage. The minibar is weight sensitive and the prices are ridiculous as well. The price for anything within the casino or hotel is way too high, it's like because of their horrible location they think they can make you pay twice as much. If you must stay go across the street to the CVS for anything you may need. The staff was plain out rude. And the girl at check out tried to make us pay a higher rate when we checked out than what we were told when we booked and the price when we had checked in. She went and spoke with her manager and  then spoke to us as it was clearly there in the contract and our fault. When I pointed out that if it was in the contract that she could see, why did the two previous people we had spoke to gave us the lower price? She had no answer and offered no apology then she said wait a minute and left to talk to the manager for the second time who never bothered to even make an appearance and came back to find out we were charged incorrectly and she never once apologized. When we mentioned how disappointed with the hotel we were she just ignored us as if nothing happened. To top it off there is no hot tub unless you rent a cabana. The pools are only open until dark if they open at all. And the staff won't even acknowledge you exist even if you are wondering looking lost which is fairly easy to do. It may be different if you are a female in a bikini as it was mostly male staff. Then as a kicker the display of Nikki Stixx's chopper they call it a "Cusom Hardtail" unless I am missing a brand or style I'm assuming they meant custom.
5	This is our second stay in one year.  I will review both stays, as we loved it so much we went back!  Our first visit we stayed in the HRH Tower.  It was beautifully decorated, the view was great over the pool.  A little loud during the day with the pool music, so a little hard to take a nap.  But overall a very great location.  The second visit we stayed in The Paradise Tower.  We had a corner room with views that could not be beat.  Amazing.   The walk was a bit longer to the casino floor and the crowd on this side seemed a tad rougher.  We will book The HRH Tower for our next visit.The bartenders were incredible.  Phillip and Nick our all time favs.  Most everyone we came in contact with were very nice.  The center bar has a very trippy echo that stumped us the first couple days, but then figured out how to enjoy someone's conversation from the other side of the bar.  Pretty funny.Security in this hotel always seems to be comforting.  Nice work HR.You can definitely see some wear and tear in the hotel, but over all a very nice stay.  The pole dancers over the gaming tables are rad.  A show while you are gambling.  Those dancers were so strong and fun to watch.The dealers are really nice as well.  Most all wanted you to win and are more than happy to help and chat.  We played BJ and craps most everyday.  The pit bosses were very friendly.Check-in and out is super easy and welcoming.We have rented a cabana at the nirvana pool twice.  A great way to spend a day if the weather is nice.I will rate the restaurants separately, but just need to mention that we have eaten at all establishments.  Culinary Drop out we visited multiple times.  It was that good and fun.And finally, one observation we made is how nice looking most people are in the casino.  There seemed to be a steady stream of 25-60 year old.  This hotel is not filled with old people or families with kids.  A perfect spot of the 40-something.  We will most definitely be back.  Thanks for the fun.
2	The checkin person was great but besides that this hotel sucked. No ventilation, as the smoke just hit you every time you left the room. Then they nicked every cent they could from you for items that are usually free in most places. Not recommended.
5	This hotel exceeded our expectations when we were disappointed in our first two rooms.  They moved us to a 3rd and took care of us. Bell hop to magmt. And front desk Ariel I think was 1st class.... I won't stay anywhere else now   Speakers blown but that is minor in a suite like this and a fridge would be nice for insulin so I had to break the cooler rule but we don't drink so don't worry... thanks everyone for making my fiance ' s birthday a hit... my son is jealous over at PH.  Oh and club manager at front desk treated me great even though I look rough.  Diabetic issues ugh!
4	Really enjoy this just-off-the-strip hotel!  We arrived a little later in the evening, so there was a super short wait for check-in.  Ariel was the agent who helped us, and he was great!  He noticed it was my birthday when he was looking at my license, and he put us in the HRH Tower, which is an all-suite wing of the hotel.  Awesome!  Thanks Ariel!The room was awesome.  We were on the 3rd floor, which gave us a wonderful view of a roof and the parking garage ;), but who are we to complain?  The room was about 700-sq-ft, and had a separate living and bedroom area.  The beds were SUPER comfy!  The living room had a neat touchscreen music system on the wall, which was built in with all different genres of music that played through a speaker by the TV.  You could also plug in your own device, which was a nice touch.  The bathroom was great!  Double sinks, and a separate bathrub (huge) and shower (huge).  The shower had an awesome rainfall showerhead.We did not check out too much of the property, but the separate check-in area for the HRH Tower was a nice touch, and all of the staff we encountered were super friendly and helpful.The only downside was the confusion of the light system in the bathroom.  It was SO dark in there the first night, and we could barely see anything.  Obviously we could have called the front desk, but we were too tired.  We also couldn't figure out how to use the rain showerhead either, but the other showerhead was still great.  We did go by the front desk the second day, and the agent let us know that there was a master switch by the front door that controls the light in the bathroom.  Seems a little poorly designed and confusing.  He also sent up engineering to look at the showerhead, and they left us a note explaining how to use it.  Great followup!
3	The biggest issue with this hotel is that I booked what was listed as a suite in an all suite tower.  Yet the room I received couldn't be called a suite by any stretch of the imagination.  It was an average hotel room, and no, having a sofa in a the room does not make it even a Jr. Suite. Plenty of hotel rooms have those.  So I have to say their advertising is pretty misleading.  But with that said, I paid about $40 for the room (during a huge convention none the less) so I cant complain too much.  It was a nice room -- very clean, all white and grey modern decor which I liked a lot.  Except I didnt enjoy the photo of Pete Wentz urinating on the wall next to the bed. Im pretty sure no one wants to look at that.The hotel itself is pretty cool -- much smaller than most but I enjoyed the decor. It definitely screamed rock but not in a pretentious way.  The bar drinks were good but they need a drink menu with good, sweet drinks, and a bartender who is a bit more friendly.  The dining choices at the hotel are just okay -- I ended up walking across the street to get food most of the time.  And thats what I liked the most about staying there.  There's a strip mall across the street with Korean BBQ, Sushi, Indian Food, a Mexican Cantina, all of my favorites, not to mention a convenient CVS.I didnt have any problems with the staff. I did have issues with some of the douchebag, bro types who stay at places like this and think it's okay to harass women for just walking into the hotel. Of course the hotel cant control their actions, but this type of place tends to attract a certain clientele.Overall, the value was good for what I paid for it.
3	Stayed here for a bachelor party. Rooms were nice, condition was great. The pools are very interesting....why someone would pay $30 to go to the Rehab pool when the regular pool was free and had better drink specials without the blaring music is beyond me. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THE IN-HOTEL DINING. Especially for breakfast. Unless you want corned beef hash that come out like soup and has frickin carrots in it! Carrots? Come on, geez.
4	Beautiful room just off the strip. The down - airport close enough that you can hear planes fly by and walls were thin in paradise towers so we could hear the next rooms TV. But if you not a light sleeper. The hotel amenities are numerous and amazing. And your in Vegas who needs sleep anyway! Your so tired you pass out almost immediately! Just like Vegas they charge for what seems like everything! We joked they were going to charge us for using our chargers for our cellphones.
4	Actually one of my favorite hotels in Vegas. While not on the strip, the rooms are fabulous (the beds you could just sleep in forever), the restaurants are some of my favorite in Vegas (Nobu, Culinary Dropout) and the staff is always so friendly. I was there this last time for just a day and ordered room service. The food is delicious and they are so accommodating. I wanted cookies, but they only sold them by the dozen. The chef offered to send me a few for a few dollars. WORTH IT. They were so good! When my food was delivered I was so hungry that I forgot that my room looked like a bomb exploded (ahem) and so when I let the waiter in and saw the look on his face I was so humiliated! I apologized profusely and then he came back with some chocolate covered strawberries to apologize! It wasn't his fault, but what a nice gesture!I love this hotel, everyone is on point. The only thing I disliked was paying for an upgrade and getting a corner room on a low floor with a half view of the strip and a huge parking lot. I shouldn't have had to pay extra for that so I complained and they comped my upgrade so all was well!Get here, super posh rooms, great room service, can hold their own on the restaurant scene and you won't find a huge crowd of drunk chicks in stilettos retching on the sidewalk because they aren't close to the strip. Win.
1	ugh! I stayed at the Hard Rock over the weekend for my sister's bachelorette party shenanigans and I walked away feeling disappointed and angry. Not only is the hotel/casino depressing, the employees are so rude! Below are a few examples of the employees having bad attitudes:1. The hotel has a new policy that bell hops are not allowed to bring food or beverages up to the room for you. That's lame but whatever. The bell hop we had was very matter of fact about it and unapologetic. He acted annoyed and he was a total jerk when we pressed him for more information about it.2. We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights and requested the rooms be near each other if not right next to each other. When we checked in we asked to make sure they were near each other and they were not. They were on complete opposite sides of the tower. When we asked if we could have them next to each other the gentleman at the check-in desk said it was really busy and they were still trying to get rooms together. We said that was ok and we could wait until 2 rooms next to each other were ready and he said "Well it could be 1 hour or it could be 5 hours. I have no idea so I don't know what to tell you." SO UNHELPFUL and not very accommodating at all.3.. Our friend called down to the bell desk to ask for her luggage and they said they weren't very busy so it would only be about 15 minutes.. It was clearly taking longer to she called down to check on it. My friend: "Hi I'd like to follow up on my luggage. It's been about 30 minutes since I called down and you said it would be up in 15 minutes." Bell desk: "Actually it's only been 27 minutes! We're very busy so you're going to have to wait!" uuhhh.....what?4. We were getting ready to go out for the night and the bride-to-be wanted to grab a quick appetizer before we started to drink a lot so we went into Pink Taco. There were about 9 of us girl and we decided that rather than get a table we would just sit at the bar. The bar only had about 3 other people at it so there was plenty of room for us. Only a few of us were going to be eating and the rest of the girls wanted to get a drink while we waited for them. When the 4 girls who were going to eat asked for a menu at the bar the bar tender looked at the other bartender, rolled his eyes and said "what the hell is this!" and walked away...leaving the other bartender to help us. We were all ordering drinks...we were all paying customers...I'm so confused as to why the bar tender was annoyed that a few of the girls wanted to eat.  Then one of the girls needed a paper napkin so she asked the bartender if she could get a few napkins.  He looked at her with eyes of disgust, picked up the linen napkin that was in front of her, and proceeded to dangle it in front of her face like she was an idiot and didn't know it was there. When she actually just needed a paper napkin so that's why she asked for one.5. We went into The Ainsworth, which is a little lounge type bar inside the casino. One of my friends ordered a drink from the bar and the total was $7.00. She gave the bartender a $20 bill and the bartender only gave her $8.00 back. The money was sitting on the bar and before she even reached to put it away she told the bartender "Oh, I think you forgot to the other $5.00" since the change was supposed to be $13.00.  The bartender said "Oh really?!?!" in a very condescending tone and then said "Let's check the cameras then!" My friend was absolutely dumbfounded. The guy standing next to her backed up her claim, that she was given the wrong change. But the bartender denied it. When my friend asked for a manager and tried to explain what happened and let him know the bartender was treating her unfairly, he refused to help her at all. He did end up giving her the $5.00 she was owed, but only after 15 minutes of arguing about it.I do have to mention, though, that the maid we had was the nicest person on the planet and we loved her. We also had a positive experience in the center bar...the cocktail waitress there was really sweet.
3	Simply put, this place is a 24 hour party.. From the second you walk into the lobby, you're greeted by a sea of 20 something's that are hammered regardless of what time it is. I came here for a bachelor party a few years ago, so this pretty much fit the mood of what everyone was going for.We stayed in the celebrity suite which was huge. It's a one bedroom suite that comes with a huge living room, dining area and another (optional) attached room with two queen beds. There are floor to ceiling doors  that open up to birds eye view of the massive pool where parties are hosted, including the world famous, Rehab party of Sundays. There was also a large leather couch with plenty of other seating in the room.  For five dudes, it worked out perfectly. Rooms aren't anything modern, but there's good enough.The main issue with this hotel is it's off the beaten path. You definitely need a taxi to get to the strip and there's pretty much nothing else around the hotel. If you're coming to Vegas to do the strip and want to be around a higher standard clientele (and have the money), you're much better off at the Cosmo or Bellagio. If you're mainly in Vegas for Rehab and are in you're 20's, this is the place for you!
5	As a business guy I thought I would check hard rocks reviews....... I was floored that only have a 3 star yelp average.  I come to HRH no less then 3x times a year.....  I stay at HRH because threat me right.I don't ask for free stuff stuff. But they always treat me like family Only a 5 stars for me
4	We walked to the Hard Rock from the strip almost daily for the KISS concert and events throughout the week.  It's about a 20-25 minute walk and don't have to fight to get through crowds.  Most people we met said it was so far away, but we didn't mind the walk at all and you don't need a taxi to take to/from the strip if you like to walk.  I like the casino with all the music memorabilia.  You will see photos, guitars, and attire from all types of musicians.  The Joint is in the hotel so great to see a concert here and the concierge will hold your bags as you can't take in.Before the concert, we grabbed a bite to eat at one of the restaurants.  I saw there are a few to choose from Asian to pub food.  There's the Hard Rock restaurant just across the parking lots from the front doors of the hotel.  The Monster mini golf, CVS, and other restaurants are close across the streets.For shopping, there's John Varvatos and Affliction stores.  The pool area is nice with a slide and deep water.  The airplanes often flying near this hotel and our friends told us it can be heard in the room but not in the night.The casino didn't seem as big as some of the others on the strip.  Still lots of cool rock slots to play including Rolling Stones, KISS, ZZ Top, and more.
4	Pretty nice hotel. Honestly the only downside is that they don't have a lot of places to eat inside. The hotel is pretty nice. Pretty clean for a casino. They have some shops and a nice bar by the Pink Tacos restaurant. Saw kiss in concert this weekend there. Nice place. Have lots of music memorabilia.  I actually prefer to see concerts here. Hotel is not on the strip but it not super far. I suggest you take a cab though. About $9 for the ride depending on where you get dropped off. Beware of taxi lines after the shows. You could be waiting and hour!  Would like to stay here one time. Seems like a pretty fun place.
1	Bad service. Hotel rooms are nice, but they charged me an extra $150+ for TOUCHING - NOT CONSUMING - TOUCHING the drinks in the room refrigerator. How is that legal? Also, the Pink Taco restaurant is disgusting. I should've known better. This is why I hate Vegas.
4	Just recently stayed at the hard Rock hotel it was pretty awesome great service, great room. The only thing that was not great is that it's  not on the strip. I tought it was but it's abt 1 block away from the strip so pass on if your looking to stay on the strip. Also it's a hassle trying to get to the strip ur better off walking or paying for a taxi. Never mind the taxi (taxi is 10+5 dollar tip) if you don't mind paying 15 bucks for the taxi to take u 1 block up go for it, but me i only took the taxi once and decided to take the bus next time, the bus goes directly to the strip and it's only 2 bucks.
4	My best friend and I came here years ago (Aaron) the same weekend we saw Velvet Revolver. The memorabilia in the eatery was cool to see, they have a pretty impressive collection. The food was okay and the prices were decent. As a souvenir we bought a Cure, Velvet Revolver and U2 casino chip. The service was nice and friendly.
2	**NOTE the VERY restrictive Outside Food Policy**The hotel is nice and the staff is okay.  You must be wondering why the two star review then.The biggest beef I have is their outside food policy.  I understand not being able to bring things in to a restaurant or concert venue but not have never been denied bring some snacks and drinks to my room.  I did know the policy going in but we wanted to stay the night there after a concert.  Below is the outside food policy and note that it excludes ALL food except medicine and a small cooler for kosher foods."In order to maintain a safe environment, the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino prohibits coolers; boxes; bags; or other containers for the purpose of transporting food and beverage on property. In addition, all outside food and beverage is also prohibited." The guy at the elevator searched everyone going up and I witnessed someone having an unwrapped candy bar taken away.  The guard really embarrassed the guy to and threatened to have him kicked off the property for violating the outside food policy.  This is the reason I rate this place two stars.  It is their attitude not to allow you to bring any food or drink to your room. I would be okay with them restricting things but to exclude everything is insane.  I would have liked to bring some snacks and beverages like I do for every other hotel stay.
3	I stayed over Halloween weekend this year.  It is a HUGE hotel, for sure!  I got lost several times just trying to make it from the garage to the hotel.  Staff was nice and the hotel is super interesting with a casino downstairs and music memorabilia throughout (not just rock stars but all genres).  Room was a decent size and very clean. I didn't love the mini bar system - it's weighted so if you move anything you are charged.  I made a special effort not to touch it.  I also didn't like the fact that there was no indoor pool.  There were maybe 4 or 5 outdoor pools though and they were nice.  Spas, shops and restaurants in the hotel so that was very convenient.  Food was moderately priced and just 'ok' for me.  Halloween night was fun with all types of folks coming through!  I took pix of the costumes (which ranged from very simple to EXTREMELY elaborate).  I was going to attend the Halloween party but when I realized it was $100 cover I opted out and just walked around the casino instead.  I was suffering from major sticker shock on that one and bummed that there was no discount for guests.  Parking was free but there was a resort fee that was $50/day so it kinda squelched my inner "SCORE!" about the parking.  Overall, I'd probably rather stay somewhere more intimate next trip but the HRC is a good 'Welcome to Las Vegas' experience :-)
3	Hello,I'd like to take a minute and express my frustration over the obligatory "resort fee" charged by the Had Rock. The services provided by the fee are ridiculous. Free local calls = silly I have a mobile phoneFree long distance = silly I have a mobile phoneFree Internet = silly I have a mobile phone Access to the workout facility = yeah, it was busy every time I passed by it. The notion of charging extra for something that is included as part of the room price is dumb. I don't recall being charged a pillow fee, a blanket fee, or a a charge for soap I didn't use. That's a good idea though. You should charge me for soap I don't use and call it a sanitation fee. Moreover, the design of the showers in our room doesn't appear to be well thought out in that the water must be turned on while one is standing directly in the path if the water. Beyond this ridiculousness of the fee, we had a good time. The gaming tables are well served and dealers are friendly. DrInks were a bit over priced. We did appreciate the bedding and pillows. The A/C took a while to make it palatable for sleep - and I am glad we stayed in the winter time frame as it doesn't appear reasonable the A/C could keep up with this in the summer time. All in all, please know that this fee will ultimately precent me from staying or playing with you again. I know you'll say that my choices are limited for your services in Las Vegas - but I'll take my chances that I can find a place to stay and play somewhere else.
5	I don't go to Las Vegas very often, typically only once a year or so. But when I do I always go to the Hard Rock Hotel.The sheets are always clean and soft, the toiletries are always in their place, the amenities are fantastic (especially the pools), and there's almost no reason to ever leave. Some of the best restaurants in town are either in the hotel or within walking distance. We typically eat at the steakhouse in the Hard Rock and I have nothing but good things to say about it as well.I highly recommend staying at this location whenever you get a chance.I had the pleasure of meeting Matthew Baird, the guest relations manager during my last trip, and he completely affirmed all of my feeling about this hotel by making me feel very welcome and providing a personal touch whenever needed. I can guarantee with good people like Matthew working for this hotel I will continue to come back for years.
2	This 2 star rating is actually generous! The casino is super small and offers a very limited number of games and slots. The slots are old and besides the decent music, there is little to no energy in the place. I am a local and this would be the last hotel i would visit off strip.
1	Nothing special. Not nearly as nice as Hard Rock Hollywood/Fort Lauderdale. Good casino to lose at machines. Nobody seemed to be winning. Def not me. It's more like a long hallway than an open casino. Not impressed.
5	Stayed for the Thanksgiving weekend Thursday/Friday nights 2014.  Check in/checkout couldn't have been smoother...they even let us check in early and waived the usual fee.  Parking was a a breeze, the casino was cool, and the drinks were great.  The only bad thing that happened was the drunken moron in the room next door had a drunken yelling match with his girlfriend that spilled out into the hallway and woke us up (this is for you in room 325, you jerk). We never did get back to sleep.  I spoke with a manager (thank you, Christian, Ryan) and asked for a refund for just the one night, as I felt this was reasonable. He went above and beyond and actually got us a FULL refund for both nights.   Customer service here is top-notch and the refund was the deal-breaker or deal-maker for future stays.  We will be back in summer...can't wait to check out the pools.  Thanks, Hard Rock!
2	All style and no substance. Starting at practically $200/night (on their site, on a concert night- there are deals to be had but far from good ones IMO), the rooms here best be swanky- and they are. But given the location, there's really nothing nearby to go to other than the businesses inside this casino unless you have a car or want to constantly call taxis. I'd rather stay on the Strip proper given this alternative, and I'm not a fan of the Strip in the first place.I came here for a concert, and the Joint venue here is a good one- but after visiting not one, not two, but THREE different restaurants (happy hour, dinner, and coffee), I was underwhelmed by the both the service and product at all of them, I can't really recommend this place, even for a staycation.Also note their insane "outside food policy"- if this were genuinely intended for safety, they would be targeting coolers, alcohol, and possible ways of bringing in drugs. Not confiscating candy bars and bottled water.
3	First time staying here for the Las Vegas Bowl between CSU and Utah. Was really impressed when we came in that the staff were wearing CSU gear and there were signs all over the place saying welcome. Trying to stay objective here, but please note you will constantly hear planes flying overhead. The flight path at take off goes directly over this hotel. Bring earplugs or drink alot so you don't hear it. Was woke up every morning at 6am by the wonderful sound of jack hammering due to the construction going on. My wife had a great time at the spa. Pink Taco was good. Mr Lucky's was way too expensive for eggs and coffee. The room was decent, but weirdly we had our "do not disturb" sign stolen twice? WTF? Didn't have the pleasure of the pools, but they look amazing. Not sure I will be back to stay, but definitely a party place to visit. Sorry, couple more things. You will need to flush the toilet about three times and the shower was cold even with putting it all the way to hot.
5	I read the reviews from prior people before writing this.  They must have stepped up their game, or the people writing them were diva's.  I've been through Vegas 40 or 50 times in the past 10 years and this is my first stay at the Hard Rock.  I won't stay anywhere else unless they give me a damn good reason to.  We stayed in the HRH tower, had the view of the planes taking off an landing, We had a King Suite for an Unbelievable price of $290 for 5 days.  The bed was UN-FRIGGING-BELIEABLE!!!  2 TV's, GREAT room service, Super cool staff except for a waiter in the Mr. Lucky's that I wanted to bitch slap.  Everyone else - regular folk who like to smile and make it happen for you.  My wife & I were not just a number.  It was Mrs Caruso's first time in Vegas, so we went over to the strip, up to the old part of town, and just generally had a good time, but in spite of going through all the other casino's, we'd come back to the Hard Rock and look at each other as we walked in, and said ""home".  Because it was for us.  Christina, who was our 1am casino waitress seemed to intuitively know when to chat, when to stop by to check on us, and even refused a tip with a smile, saying she was ok.  Nicole, our Check out gal, was phenominal in making everything smooth and seemless for us.  Santo's, the Valet from Melbourne was a Great reference for my wife to help illustrate some of the differences between Vegas service, & Australian service (which is almost non-existant).  My wife, is also Australian, and we currently live in Brisbane.  If you've made it this far in my review, you know the rest of the story.  We had a great time, it's a Great hotel, and it's made that way by the people that work there.  I highly recommend it here.  We won't be staying anywhere else.
4	I've never actually stayed at this hotel but I visited the casino during my last visit. There is a lot of cool stuff to look at. Made my way around the whole casino area looking at the awesome displays. The restaurants looked pretty good also. If you are looking for a cool place to stay off the strip this might be your place.
4	I was pretty impressed with the Hard Rock Hotel. The room decor was modern and beautiful. The room was also very clean. The price was very reasonable also.  Within the hotel are several places to eat ranging from expensive to economical.  I would stay here again.
3	Well the rooms are nice and same with the staff, just a little pricey when it came to the fees. Was not expecting the extra cost mostly for incidentals but you get most of it back but still not ready for it.
4	Great place off the strip. Shuttle hourly to fashion show mall. We didn't realize it wa s a mile off the strip, but nice place!
4	Nice guy at front desk upgraded us to a suite in HRH Tower. Awesome suite albeit a titch shabby but considering the color palette it's expected. Beds seem to be feather-topped, nice but a bit awkward. Very comfortable and relatively chic - suite design seems more NY than Vegas. Fu (dinner) was much better than expected. Cake at the diner was dry. Overall a high recommendation.
4	We checked out the casino, we didn't stay here so I don't know about the rooms. All in all its typical but with all the rock n roll memorabilia,  which is cool.
4	KAT WILLIAMS live.... Funny!   Funniest part of the show he got served papers on stage lol lol ...was great...venue weird...the people to escort you to your seats are all straight Rhutarded!!!!
1	0 stars, it is very ghetto. If you don't want to get robbed or get into a fight DON'T STEP FOOT IN THIS CASINO!! The staff is unprofessional and rude!! For the type of crowd that go to this place, there should be secure in every section of this place. It's scary and very ghetto!
2	If you are a business person, don't stay here. The crowd is pretty low rent, restaurants (minus NOBU) are ok at best. Thinking they have the worst/slowest internet I've ever experienced. it's actually mindblowingly slow. I give this place a C- at best.
1	DO NOT STAY here. RUDE.If you enjoy airplanes jetting overhead, loud noises and rude, worst customer service staff, especially Mary in reservations, then by all means have at it.I travel often and booked this room, got to hotel and it was clearly not as advertised. Mary in reservations refused to cancel or refund my room. She kept avoiding my calls, having me put on hold and by the time she got on phone reminded me of their "policy" Well here's a policy, advertise you are surrounded by homeless, under and next to noisy airplanes and COULD CARE less about customers once you take their money.Not even checked into hotel, not as advertised and clearly not a place I would ever recommend to anyone.Stay away at all costs!! Too many nicer hotels in Vegas.
1	Too many minor inconveniences add up to me never coming here again.Two things I will point out for now until I am no longer insanely frusterated.The fire alarm is breaking and falling off of the wall, which does not reassure me.The second HDMI port on the TV is fully accessible, but is not available through using the standard TV controls, which means I am unable to use my PS4 to wind down before bed.The staff is fine, but whoever makes decisions for guest rooms should be fired.
4	Stayed here on Friday, Dec 26, 2014.Price is a huge factor in this rating - I was lucky to get my room for just under $70 because of the $100 off Orbitz Cyber Monday deal...  THEN, Lady Luck continued to smile upon me when I arrived to a fully-booked hotel, and was upgraded to the Celebrity Suite, which came with its own pool table.But huge discount and upgrades aside, comparing the $150 rate to other comparable hotels on the strip during that busy weekend:Pros:- Divey bar at Pink Taco- Promising swimming pool- CVS across the street- You don't need to deal with sh*tty Strip traffic to get to the hotelCons:- Low-energy casino floor; not many people hanging around- If you're planning to dine or drink/club on the strip, then it's less convenientYou should have a general idea of what you're looking for in a hotel when coming to Vegas, as there are PLENTY of options.  I like this hotel, and the staff was very friendly, but it's really important for me to be walking distance to the clubs/pool party I plan to attend (Marquee, XS).  I don't want to have to deal with sitting in a cab to get from Point A to Point B when I'm trying to maximize my time and fun, so I don't mind paying a premium to actually stay at the Cosmo or Wynn.But, for those that are looking for lower budget, and a spot away from the hustle and bustle, this is a decent option.  And I'm a fan of the rocker vibe they have here (dark & metallic).
