5	I'd just like to supplement Shannon's review since I agree with it....It's important to know everything is cash only at the Wildlife World Zoo, no credit cards.  So, you'll need cash for tickets, food, the gift shop, $1 to ride the merry-go-round, $2 for the boat ride, not sure how much the train and sjyride are, and quarters so that you can get food to feed the giraffes, ducks and wild animals at the petting zoo.I think the giraffe feeding is the best part of the experience.  Watch small kids in the petting zoo...the animals are very enthusiastic about receiving their treats, not as docile as most petting zoo animals.
5	Expensive, but worth it! I got to feed a giraffe. That was cool. Lots of different animals, and the nicest petting zoo I've ever seen (the deer ate our map, though). All the places to buy food carry generic stuff like hotdogs and ice cream (I got suckered in and bought an ice cream sandwich for $3). Nothing fancy here.I don't know if I was just tired today or what, but I was pretty exhausted by the end of the whole thing, so I'd bring kids here just to have them conk out in the car on the drive home. I was kind of bummed that they don't have elephants. But that's a pretty petty thing to complain about when you can get licked by a giraffe or hand some food to a monkey.On top of all the great animals to see out-of-doors, their small mammal and reptile buildings are pretty impressive.
5	I just had my first trip to the Wildlife World Zoo.  It was great!  I like that it's dirt, makes it seem more genuine than the Phoenix Zoo.  The map was easy to read and I got to skip over what I really wasn't interested it.  I'm not big on birds :PI also got to feed the giraffes!  Gross!  But, cool!  There are animals you won't see anywhere else:  the albino alligator, which was my reason for going there in the first place.  You won't get to get as close to a rhino as here.  It's also less commercial than other zoos: no plastic lids or straws, not inundated with vendingThere are even a train ride and sky ride!I went with a 4-yr old.  I was exhausted and needed a nap.  Not sure if it was because there was so much to see, or that I went with a kid.  I'm not around kids very often!
5	Mr. Lion didn't like being scolded about his treatment of the female species...but I didn't think he could hear us!  We didn't taunt, or point, or even call 'here kitty kitty'.  But still, he launched his powerful body from one end of his exhibit over to us and made everyone scream inside as he let out a mighty roar.  Everyone skipped backward except little ole me, my scream jolted to my finger on the trigger of my camera.  I would have SO been mauled.  Fortunately, the awesome zoo comes with awesome steel albeit flimsy looking fencing.Maybe it was the perfume I was wearing, because shortly after that episode at the meerkat exhibit, one little cheeky fellow made a beeline for me, laid down on his back, and exposed his belly quite happily at me.  He rocked a bit side to side as I snapped away with my camera.The animals always look so happy at this zoo, and you can see them far more up close than at other zoos.  Babies are always abound, including new baby ocelots.  I so want one now.A little advice:  If you use an entertainment book, you can get one online for half price, and there are buy one get one free tickets to the zoo.  So essentially the book already paid for itself with just that one coupon.This was my second trip to the zoo, I'm glad I have it so close by me.  I think I was as excited if not more than the little kiddies.  YAY ZOO!
5	EXCELLENTSome of the most amazing birds I've ever seen! The scarlet Ibis is so beautiful.Great animal park for sure. They all looked happy, lots of room to roam. It didn't feel like a "zoo" environment at all.
3	I have to say it appears my idea of a great zoo differs greatly from my fellow yelpers.This zoo does have some great features.  Fantastic variety of animals from all over the world.  And if you like tigers, this is the zoo for you.  The animals appear well-cared for and the grounds are reasonably clean.However, it escapes me how this zoo can warrant a five-star rating given the number of "exhibits" that are merely large cages sitting side-by-side like little hotel rooms.  Don't get me wrong, some of the exhibits are great and well-designed.  But many others are terrible and seem to offer little to the animals except shelter.  Perhaps this zoo houses more animals than it can adequately support.For $18 a ticket, I expect more.I
5	This zoo is far out there, but totally worth the drive!  I went here and then the Phoenix zoo the next weekend, and what a difference!!!  The Phoenix zoo was a joke in comparison!  The animals were so close, you could almost touch them!  There was just so much to see and it was nice to actually be able to see it, instead of walking all around the Phoenix zoo and feeling like I only saw like 5 animals!  Maybe I'm just used to the Brookfield zoo and Lincoln Park zoo in Chicago, but I am super picky about my zoos :-)  I definitely recommend checking out this one instead!!!
3	I don't suggest this place in 1000 degree weather. This is a lot diff from the PHX Zoo for sure you can feed the birds and giraffes blah blah blah the train, sky, boat things are neat too when they are running but you have to pay extra. The monkey exhibit was cool if you can get past the 40000 fly's and strong smell of urine, maybe hold your breath!?!?  Something about an albino alligator and the quarantined albino kangaroo just didn't sit right with me and I'm a bit afraid of the green toxic bio-hazard looking water!! Does this not bother anyone else!?!?!? I was able to get some sick ass shots of the animals as a photog but still!! I couldn't help leaving the place a tad depressed.
3	I am a photographer. This place is great for upclose opportunities to shoot wildlife. However...You get the sense that many of the animals could escape their habitats at any time. The flamingos have LONG legs as we all know, yet the only thing preventing them from leaving their little area is a string of railroad ties that are only 2-3 feet tall! Even the giraffes have the same size wall! Its not exactly an easy feeling after what happened in San Diego:)This place is dirty. My heart strings tug every time we visit as I see food wrappers in mass collection all over the place. They do not do a very good job cleaning the habitats.Much more opportunities to get close to the animals compared to most zoos, but is it worth it?
4	Make sure you set aside an entire day to visit this zoo, especially if you're a photographer.The zoo is pretty well laid out and the animals are reasonably accessible for photos except the big cats that are kept inside very tall cages including some you can walk under!Yes, it is a bit dirty and moronic visitors do have a habit of throwing their trash around instead of using the plentiful trash cans. It's also dusty (unpaved, including the parking lot) and there's not enough shade for afternoon summer strolls. If it's windy, be careful to turn your back to the wind gusts or you'll get a faceful of dust.The food selection is terrible, but they're working on that with a new restaurant being built along with their new aquarium opening within a few months.They only take cash, which truly stinks, but they're working on taking credit cards. They do have an ATM (for a fee, of course) in the gift shop if you don't bring enough cash with you.They do put out 2 for 1 admission coupons from time to time in ValPak coupon mailings and in the Arizona Republic's Calendar publication.My biggest beefs with this zoo are the admission price and additional tickets for the rides along with how they treat members. Membership doesn't have too many privileges aside from some guest passes and admission for a year. There are no member newsletters or emails. Want to know what's going on? Check the website or watch the newspaper. This is why I'm not a member anymore.However, the zoo itself is still a wonderful place to go. And, seriously, set aside an entire day. You'll most likely need it.
5	The new aquarium is open!  It's an extra $6...and while I haven't visited the aquarium yet (this update is mainly to inform about the new wing), I'm raring to go and will write another update when I have gone...which hopefully will be within the next couple of weeks.The only cons with the aquarium I've heard is that the sharks are babies yet, so not very interesting to see...but keep in mind that these places rely on visitors to help keep everything clean, running, and interesting.  How many of us could afford a full sized shark on our own?  Besides, I'm looking forward to seeing them grow up.
5	You can easily spend a whole day (we just did) at the World Wildlife Zoo.  I live in the East Valley, and it was almost an hour drive, so planning to spend less than a day would be pointless.  While the zoo does not have all of the fancy environments that others do, they have an interesting collection of animals.  Hands down, my favorite parts are the interactive ones.  The giraffe feeding station is the reason I love the Wildlife World Zoo.  After climbing the platform, getting to pet and feed giraffes is amazing.  This also makes for incredible photo opportunities, as the almost 800 photos I took will attest to; some of the best were of the giraffes.  Next to the giraffes, the Lorry Parrot feeding was amazing - I could have done that more than once that day.  Walking into the aviary, having the parrots land on you, eat apples right out of your hands - it's so amazing.  Lots of laughs when two parrots decide they like the same apple.  This is another great place for those who like to take pictures.  No fences or cages between you and the birds - and the brightly colored feathers come out great!The new aquarium is also very cool - this was the first time I ever got to pet stingrays.  The only thing I was not as thrilled with was the penguin exhibit.  The glass was dirty and harder to see through than I would have liked.  Of course, I do have an irrational love of penguins (it might be a Linux thing) and so unless I can actually pet the penguins, I'm never satisfied.In response to the more negative reviews:  Um, you are in Phoenix, I never recommend doing anything outside if it's more than 105 degrees - that's supposed to be a given when you live in a desert.  And while they do charge extra for some of the little features like the train ride - so does the Phoenix Zoo - and the World Wildlife Zoo's additional charges are minuscule.  Keep in mind this is not just a look pretty zoo, they actually have an amazingly successful breeding program, and the primary focus is saving species.  If you don't want to experience the real smells and sounds of wild animals, stay home and watch the Discovery Channel.
5	Hands Down Better than the Phoenix Zoo!I'd never really heard about this zoo until I got coupon in the mail, but I went today for the first time and don't know who had more fun - me or 2 year old daughter! I like the Wildlife World Zoo better than the Phoenix Zoo because overall it's less crowded, you can get closer up to the animals, and there are a lot more interactive exhibits. You can actually enter the kangaroo pen and walk on the path with the kangaroos lounging just feet from you. We got to to pet a bunch of animals today including the sting rays, giraffes, goats, baby deer, and llamas.The newest exhibit at the zoo is the aquarium and it had some beautiful fish and a lot of different species. The sharks are still really small since they're babies, but nonetheless they were cool to watch. We got to see the black footed penguins at feeding time and they were so cute I wanted to take them home with me!We didn't eat there since the food was pretty expensive, but the menu at the Tiberon Restaurant looked pretty good. They have a buffet for $18/adult if you're looking for a big meal. If you're planning to go on a weekend I suggest going early - they open at 9 on Saturday. When we left at 12:45 there was a long line to buy tickets and a lot more people walking around the park. I'll be sure to go back again when I have visitors in town or want to teach my daughter more about animals as she gets older.
4	I am a huge animal lover and a big time fish enthusiast.  I make it a point to visit any and every aquarium I can find in my travels.  It's been disappointing to live in AZ and not have an aquarium, until now.  The aquarium portion of this place is still a work in progress.  I kind of felt like I was intruding on a prohibited construction site when I was here because there was still a lot being worked on.  Unfortunately, only about 1/2 of the fish exhibits were operating, but they were pretty cool.  I love touch tanks and they have a well stocked ray tank to get your arms wet.  There was even a hawk in one of the rooms.  The hawk keeper politely informed us that we may want to look away as he was going to be feeding the hawk.  YEAH RIGHT!  I stared at that thing as it literally shredded the already dead mouse.  It was so nasty, but I couldn't stop watching!The zoo part of this place is quite nice.  Much better than the Phoenix Zoo.  The animals seem to be quite happy in their lush surroundings.  Something that is really cool though, is they feed the animals up in the front of their confinements.  That way you get to see the animals up close and personal.  Overall, a really cool place to visit.  If you don't live out in the area, it's quite a drive, but definitely worth a visit at least once.  I found it to be a bit pricey at 26 dollars a person for both aquarium and zoo, but I still paid it and I still enjoyed it.  Just go.
4	Visited the zoo with a friend to mainly see the new aquarium. I've been to this zoo before and have always been kind of "whatever" about it. Yeah, it's got some really cool and different animals, and yeah, you can feed the giraffes....but some of the pens they have them in kind of depress me. "Here's a plot of land....let's put some fences around it...and throw some type of animal in." I don't know how to explain it. Some of the other reviewers have said how this zoo is so much better than the Phoenix Zoo. Don't get that at all. But......in all fairness....I was completely impressed with the newly added aquarium. There are three new buildings in all and lots of cool fish and other water-living animals on display. For Arizona....and the Wildlife World Zoo.....I was impressed. Make sure you look up in the "Diversity of Life In Water" building. There is a cool 'overhead river' exhibit that runs above everyone close to the ceiling. You look up and see fish and turtles swimming in an acrylic 'tube' over your head. Pretty neat. And the massive 83 year old 100 pound alligator snapping turtle is something out of your worst nightmares. And they can get even bigger!! No thanks.... The other two buildings house "The Wild and the Wonderful" and "Predators". The seahorse exhibit is pretty cool as is the spiny lobster tank. And there is a South American fish towards the end of the "Predators" building that has a nickname of the "vampire fish". I forget it's real name....but it's pretty darn scary, too. Long fangs growing out of it's lower jaw. The aquarium is open nights after the zoo closes. Wouldn't mind going back to just the aquarium at night. For being in the middle of the desert in Arizona it's pretty cool. I just hope they take some of the pride and innovations they used for the aquarium and put that to use in the zoo side.
3	Went again this time with my kiddos entire Kindergarten class. We only had like 2.5 hours and we had to eat lunch in that time frame so I focused on the new aquatic stuff and hit the main points again quickly skipping the boring stuff. The stingrays are a nice addition and the sharks will be much cooler to see when they get much bigger. If you go this time of year that log ride looks nice and refreshing so bring extra cash for it!! Don't forget the wet naps for after your visit too you will smell like fish, giraffe spit and possibly tiger piss like poor w w. below damn!!
5	I had a blast! We roamed around on a gorgeous spring day walking along a dirt path among the open animal exhibits and really enjoyed ourselves. Is it San Diego Park Wildlife park....um no. Is it a start for Phoenix and a great way to kill a day catching the gondola ride, watching the rhino charge or feeding the giraffes and cruising along the man made river on a barge boat watching the kangroos hang out. Yes, it is. The reviews below are all accurate from 2 -4 stars. Yes, some of the cages are empty, some of the cages do seem small and cramped but overall the experience for a relatively new venture in Phoenix where the arts, culture and outdoor experiences are not as well supported as chain restaurants and outlet malls, it was FANTASTIC! It was worth the drive, the aquarium is brand new, the animals, reptiles and fish are all young and new and I will be back to support it and may even donate! I liked it that much!
4	I finally got a chance to go to the aquarium and it didn't let me down!  Absolutely beautiful and the pride of the West side.  The exhibits are well done right down to the Rays that you can pet and feed shrimp to.  And yes, while someone might argue that there are better aquariums out there, this is the FIRST here.I did have to demote the place to four stars because I feel like it's getting a little out of hand with the prices.  It's now $28 per person (although don't forget my entertainment book tip...that came in handy again!) and while I know they need money to stay open, it seems a little cheap that you have to pay additionally for every single ride they have.  Couldn't they at least throw in one ride for free?  And let's not even talk about the concessions...It was also ridiculously pricey to feed the rays.  For $3 you get a small piece of shrimp cut up into thirds.  Whoopee.  Can't you hear the excitement in my voice....  While it was very cool feeling your fingers get sucked into the slippery mouths for an instant, you can pet the little buggers for FREE.  Save your $3.  I guarantee they will not starve from lack of touristy shrimp.Here's another hint (wow, I'm so hinty today!)...If you only want to see the aquarium, you have to go after 5pm.  Otherwise you have to pay for going through the zoo too, even if you don't go through it.If you don't want to pay for the food there and want a break, you can get a stamp on your hand before you leave, which will allow you to re-enter the park any time that day.It sure came in handy when we all had grumbly stomachs but couldn't stomach the park food or park food prices.  That meant I went back to see the aquarium much more refreshed.It's definitely worth a once over at the very least, and I still love this place...I just wish there was more of a feeling of getting you're money's worth.
4	took our kids this weekend and they had a blast...overall it was pretty good zoo and we had alot of fun which is what matters...a bit pricey and I don't think the flume ride was worth the $6 charge per person maybe they should rethink that as no one was hardly riding it...we tried the restaurant there for lunch in the aquarium and although lunch isn't much of a selection the lobster bisque we had was fabulous, and the fish n chips i would recommend to anyone..overall we will visit again when we have an extra 200 bucks to drop between rides, something to take home, eating, and entrance fees...
4	The highlights:(1) You can feed giraffes! Climb up a raised platform and get pellet food from coin operated vending machines. Bring quarters!(2) The big cat enclosures are awesome. Part of their cages are over your head and while we were there, we got to see both a panther and a leopard from about a foot away. (3) Lots of birds and monkeys, including some kinds I had never seen before. (4) The aquarium is small, but growing. In 2010, they will be building an addition to include a 40,000 gallon South American exhibit, a jellyfish tank, and otters. Currently, they have some cool things like a shark tank, nautilus, a large ray touch tank, barracudas, moray eels, a giant alligator snapping turtle, and some awesomely weird stone fish.It's a tad pricey at $28.00 for adults, and you need to bring additional cash for any of the snack shacks since only the gift shop and main ticket area at the entrance take plastic. There are ATM's, but few were working order, and the prices were typical for an amusement park.Overall, we had a great time, and WWZ is a nice place to have in AZ, especially since they seem to be doing a very good job with the animals themselves. They have some successful breeding programs, and the animals all seemed healthy.
4	Really nice zoo! If you go via I-10 to the 303, you also get to gawk at the old Phoenix Trotting Park, which is a bonus.Quick Tip: Park and enter through the East Entrance, which is near the aquarium. If you stay past the zoo's closing time (the aquarium is open much later), you'll want your car near the entrance that's still open.It's admittedly a tad unimpressive if you enter through the West entrance. It appears that most of their older exhibits are there, many of them simply a fenced in dirt-and-grass area with a shabby wood shelter. There is also a sad little carousel that looks right out of a defunct North Korean amusement park.The selection of animals here is really phenomenal; I don't know the exact numbers, but they have a sign up claiming to be in the top 30 zoos in the country in animal diversity. Some highlights are the immense bird collection, the Reptile House, the Baby Animal Nursery (Come on--is there anything cuter than a baby ocelot contemplating scratching your face off?), and of course, the Aquarium. They've done a great job on this new section of the zoo, and it looks like they have even more planned. The hands-on stingray exhibit was a hit with the kiddo.There are a lot of "extras" that cost additional cash as people have mentioned in past reviews. We did the sky ride and the train ride, which were worth the few bucks they cost. The food at the little cafes is typically overpriced for any zoo. One difference between this and the Phoenix Zoo is that there is also a really "nice" restaurant on the property, the Tiburon. We didn't try it, but it looked like a great menu and a nice diversion even if you're not going to the zoo.Overall a really nice place. The staff is exceptionally friendly. It's a bit pricey, but it's a must-see for any animal lovers. Plus, it's the only aquarium in the state. If you've been conned into one of those Entertainment Guides, there is a buy one-get one coupon for admission.
4	Where's the zoo keeper?! A monkey escaped!Yup. He sure did but the lil' guy was just chillin' and so were we. This small zoo is a bit awkward at first. Kinda feels like you're walking around someone's large backyard who happens to collect a bunch of animals. But you get used to it. Unlike the larger zoos, I didn't have to deal with parking or herds of people. It was just me, 5 other people and the animals. They actually have a pretty nice collection of rare animals like the albino wallaby and crocodile. Lots of little monkeys.My favorite part is when you get to go inside the bird enclosure and feed the parrots apples. Buckets of clean apple chunks are provided for you at no cost and all you have to do is hold a piece on your hand and the birds will come over and eat them off your hand. They are gentle and very friendly.I also like that you can get a boat tour and take the sky lift for less than $5 each. Very affordable. The ticket price may be a bit more expensive but I had a buy one get one free coupon which was helpful. So if you're ever headed out to BFE or wouldn't mind making the drive, its definitely worth it.
5	For someone who has mixed feelings about zoos in general, I have to say that WWZ was pretty damn cool. I've lived in Phoenix since '95 and I just went for the first time. What is that nonsense! It's like a hidden gem that no one talks about. Admittedly, the parking lot and area where you pay to get in are a little ghetto, but it gets so much better so quickly! The variety of critters is amazing and, for the most part, they do appear to have enough room and comfortable quarters (although I worry about them in the summer heat). The exhibits are such that you can get literally within touching distance to most of the animals, and in turn the animals are pretty mellow -- hanging out nice and close, not frightened of their admirers. So cool to see some of these gorgeous creatures so close! The aquariums are pretty cool too, although in general things without fur or feathers freak me out. Lots of hands-on exhibits, where you can touch stingrays, starfish, crabs, and the like if you are so inclined (I was so not). I'm a sucker for the petting zoo, where I thoroughly enjoyed being raped by twelve goats and two deer. Those bastards are aggressive and had no qualms about gnawing on my fingers, jacket, and rings when my little goat kibbles were all gone. Oh, but they're so cute. I wanted to take one of the twee little pygmy goats and stick it in my bag. Feeding the giraffes was another highlight. It's just so much better to be able to get up so close and personal to the creatures.The best part is that it wasn't very crowded, although the inclement weather probably helped with that. I hate battling all the overexcited bratty children at places like this, but really, it was mellow. The admission cost is about what I expected ($27 ish?), and same goes for the cost and quality of the food. The food is cash only, be 'ware!
5	5 stars -- not like any zoo you've ever been to.  This is the closest you will ever get to wildlife without going to Africa.  Definitely not cheap, but there is a 2 for 1 coupon in the Entertainment book.  Try to smuggle in some snacks and drinks because food is also pricey.  All in all, a big thumbs up.
2	This is really about the aquarium side of the zoo. I was there with my family this past Saturday as they were visiting from out of town and we'd been wanting to try this out for a while. The rest of my family and friends in town hadn't been here either so we were going to report back to everyone. Needless to say, we did not speak highly of the experience.We went after 5pm because the rate is reduced to go to the aquarium only and that's all we really wanted to do anyway. Even for the reduced rate it was a rip-off. The selection of odd fish and sea life was ok but for that price and to have to drive almost an hour to get there I wanted to see a lot more. We all agreed that if this was in downtown Phoenix and the reducted rate was even $10 it would have been ok. But way out in Litchfield Park? No offense but I'm not sure why someone decided to build all this out there anyway. We were there less than 1 hour (1 hour to drive there, less than an hour actually in the park, 1 hour drive back...not cool). The one highlight was the opportunity to touch starfish, lobster, sea urchin and, best of all, sting rays (a whole tank of them waiting for you to feed them). Bottom line not worth it for the price and time spent travelling, but I do applaud them for having SOMETHING anyway (and why is there NOT an aquarium in downtown Phoenix?)
4	Another nice zoo offering in Arizona, with the addition of an aquarium. (I find it odd there isn't an aquarium in downtown Phoenix though.) Anyway, we started on the zoo side and saw many cool animals who seemed to spend most of the day lounging around or playing with habitat mates. They have many birds, reptiles, and even a baby animal nursery. Animals are diverse and worth spending the first half of your day with before you head over to the aquarium. Be sure to check out the albino wallaby! (Interesting to see an albino in the always constant Arizona sun.) If you are feeling adventurous, head over to the hands on exhibits where you can run your hands along the back of a stingray, or pick up starfish. All in all, a great zoo/aquarium and though it's a little more expensive, it's worth the money. Use your entertainment book for the valuable two for one coupon!
5	We loved it, our one year old loved it, my parents loved it.The outside was surprisingly new looking and inviting. The entrance fee was inexpensive and once we got inside we figured out why. There are a few rides, but you have to pay extra for them. Since we had our baby with us, most rides were not for us, so we were glad we didn't have to pay for them.The diversity of animals is amazing, including the aquariums.Must go and tell your friends. We've been in Phoenix for 10 years and its our first time. We need to spread the word so it won't be a secret any longer!
3	We went to the Wildlife World Zoo to check out the aquarium and see what kind of reptiles they had. It's only a few minutes from where we live and we love to go to different zoos. The biggest problem with this zoo is the ridiculous entrance fee. Make sure to get a discount coupon if you're going to go (they have them in the West Valley View newspaper from time to time.)The zoo itself is pretty cool. There is a large amount of birds of many different species as well as the normal large cats and Savannah ungulates. Of course our favorite part was the reptile house, including a giant Galapagos Tortoise along with many other snakes and lizards. There is also a place where children can interact with sulcata tortoises. The aquarium is pretty nice. Its not the best I've ever been to, but also not the worst. The problem, as I already stated, is that it is the most expensive zoo I've ever been to.
5	My wife and I are zoo junkies. She is from St. Louis, so she can be a bit picky about zoos, particularly when they are a bit on the expensive side.The WWZ has open, natural looking enclosures and a great selection of animals. There is plenty of shade and the layout is easy to navigate. The recently added aquarium will be even cooler when the fish grow a bit. The tank where you get to touch the stingrays is cool They were all still quite small when we went. Be sure to feed the giraffes!
4	If you put the Phoenix Zoo and that aquarium in Arizona Mills together the Wildlife World Zoo would still be better.  When you first walk in you see a lame looking log ride.  At $6 a person for the log ride you cant help but feel it is over priced.  Later you find out the log ride goes through the aquarium which makes it seem so much more worth it.  Oh and the aquarium had penguins.  Not the greatest thing but still i feel its a must have.  They had a nice selection exotic animals and fish.  The zoo is a decent size.  I wish they had more covered areas or shade to help with the heat.  We are in Arizona after all.  You should try to make it to the zoo early or a little later to try and avoid some of the heat.  Also make sure to bring quarters to feed the giraffes.  I plan on returning with my niece.  Oh! I almost forgot They have a touching tank in the aquarium much like AZ Mills' Aquarium, lame star fish, but they also have a tank with montereys! Awesome! Much like the Monterey Bay Aquarium minus the huge crowd.
5	This is an awesome zoo. I actually prefer it to Phoenix Zoo because it is usually quieter, it's more spread out and there is more of a chance to interact with the animals. I also really like their aquarium setup, especially the chance to pet the rays!
5	As an avid lover of the ocean and fish, I live a very sad life here in land-locked Arizona. For our anniversary my boyfriend surprised me by taking me here. It was the best aquarium experience of my life. I've been to many aquariums in more aquatic states and I still prefer this one. It was small enough that I didn't feel overwhelmed and big enough that I felt satisfied. It appears that they treat their animals VERY well. Everything we saw looked happy and healthy. We didn't check out the zoo section because we came later in the day when it was closed but I would love to check it out next time. We did see giraffes peeking at us though! It was a very pleasant nice quiet date. Seriously, way less crowded than any other zoo.
5	I absolutely love this place and do not go nearly enough. Since my last visit, the aquarium exhibits have matured and they are really something to look at. The tanks are gorgeous, the sea ray exhibit is an real kick and like any kid, I got a thrill out of touching and feeding them. The enormity of some of the tanks is impressive and the shark tank in particular is really impressive. They have a great variety of both, native, fresh water and salt water fish, turtles, eels, rays and a huge spiny lobster exhibit. The aquarium also houses penguins, and they were a kick to watch. At 110 in the shade, I didn't view many of the outdoor animals, however, there is a pretty extensive bird, small cat and small money exhibit, along with the lions, tigers, giraffe, and the like. A thrill that kept me captivated for hours and I can't wait to go back.
5	This zoo beats the Phoenix Zoo hands down. Look for a 2 for 1 coupon in Hickmans Eggs. I went this past weekend for the first time since they added the aquarium. The aquarium is HUGE and consists of 3 different buildings. The giraffe feeding exhibit is awesome and was my kids fave. Bring quarters for the food machines. They had 1 huge giraffe that just loved all the attention and 2 smaller ones extending their necks out trying to get food. They were sooo cute. We saw a little joey in a pouch of a kangaroo, and we got to feed the lourey birds at 3. The petting zoo was alot of fun too. The Phx Zoo does not have this much interaction at all. Only thing missing was an elephant but we got to see the huge rhino up close, he was only about 20 feet away. The zoo could use some better food vendors..the food is not impressive unless you like nachos, pretzels, etc.. but overall we had a great time. Cannot wait to go back.
5	Great place, if you live in the area and plan to go alot,a.season pass is a good investment, considering a one time ticket is like $28.00. A all year pass for an adult is $100.00 and for kids $50.00. We love going there! the god is expensive so I always pack snacks and water. (they say ur not supossed to) but I always have! Bring change to feed the giraffes ,koi, ducks, and fish!
5	I came here yesterday after wanting to come here for some time, and am glad that I finally made it.  This zoo is way out on the west side of town, out in the middle of literally no where.  Its worth every mile of the drive, as the place is huge and has LOTS to see and do.I spent $29 dollars on admission, and that got me into the whole park.  The place is huge, so make sure to get a map!  They have an extensive bird display, all sorts of wild animals, and a wonderful new aquarium.Some of the animals were a sight to see, and you could almost walk up and pet them.  I was actually able to pet the Lllamas, and got up close and personal with a few other of the animals in there as well.  They have a wonderful bird feeding station that you can go in and feed the birds apples and they will come up and sit right on your arms and head.  They have wild howling dogs witch I found so cute and wonderful to listen to, a Girraffe feeding station, lions, Emus, all sorts of deer and some of the ducks and birds wonder about the grounds as well.  I got up close and personal with Peacocks as well! The exotic birds and parrots are really pretty!They also have a Koi pond and a beautiful aquarium as well.  The aquarium is part of the park and does not require seperate admission.  They have sharks, lobsters, all sorts of coral and see life here as well.  You can even go up and pet the stingrays as well.Make sure to eat before you get here, as theres really nothing  close to the zoo before you arrive, and some of the food is pricy at the park. I made the mistake of not eating before I arrived, and had to grab a $4 hot dog after getting in since I was way hungry.  They do have a nice sit down resturant here in the park near the entrance & aquarium, but its a little pricy to just grab a bite to eat at.  They have a little snack shack that sells hot dogs and nachos, but its going to set you back a few bucks for medicore food at movie theatre prices.Regardless of what side of town you live on, take the time to come here and visit.  Its not the most glamorous zoo, but it is quite extensive and worth the trip.  I drove 40 miles each way to visit here, and I would gladly go again.  Also, bring a few dollars in quarters so you can feed the girraffes, as they have little machines that sell you girraffe food for 50 cents for a handful of food.  Its grate for kids and adults, and I consider it on the list of things to do in Phoenix that to me are worth the time and money for what you get...
5	We were pleasantly surprised about our experience at this zoo.  We went on a  nice day in January, the temp was in the low 70's.  The temperature makes a difference for a zoo experience, because who wants to walk around anyplace when it's hot?This zoo has more of a "wildlife" park feel.  Many of the animals were separated from the humans with natural barriers such as water or wood poles.  It didn't have the penitentiary feel that a traditional zoo has.  There were many animals at this zoo that we have never seen so it was very enjoyable.  Plenty of exotic birds, lots of monkeys, and many of the usual zoo favorites.  We enjoyed getting close up looks of the rhino, giraffes  -loved the up high feeding station- and the white tigers.  The aquarium was fascinating too and I was very impressed for Arizona.  I've been to the aquarium in Newport, Oregon, Scripps in San Diego, and a few others, and this one certainly measured up.Worth a visit with the family.  Make sure you get a coupon so you can save a few bucks.
4	Wildlife World Zoo is one of the best zoos I've seen, and that includes the world-renowned San Diego Zoo.  It's far superior to the Phoenix Zoo, with more variety and a less crowded layout.  I'm generally not a big fan of zoos (I don't like to see wild animals caged), but at this zoo, the habitats seemed much more natural and open.My fiance and his 5-year-old son took me to this zoo as a birthday present on a beautiful February afternoon.  We had a "buy one, get one free" coupon, which was a great deal.  We spent the better part of 5 hours wandering around the zoo - it's huge!  They have the usual suspects: giraffes, monkeys, rhinos, and  cougars... but it's home to a lot of unusual animals, as well.  Kangaroo Island is home to a few different species of kangaroo, and they also have a beautiful white tiger.  We were lucky enough to see a few new babies in the "nursery", and we also got to feed the giraffes!  (Tip: bring lots of quarters to feed the various animals)There are a few "rides" that cost extra money: a train, skylift, carousel, and boat.  We chose to ride the train, which takes you through a few of the habitats for an up-close and personal look at the animals.  The train's driver narrated the short (10 minute) ride, which made it a good educational experience. After we had fully explored the zoo, we headed over to the aquarium.  As far as aquariums go, it was pretty average... but to a scuba diver trapped in the desert, it was heaven!  There are basically three buildings, each with a theme.  They have a good variety of sea life (including penguins!), and the tanks are designed and lit well.  There were a few "touch tanks", with sea stars, urchins, and rays.  I was pleased to find that there was no additional fee for this (although feeding the rays does cost extra).  The most unique and exciting part for me was the shark tank, which is located partially inside of a restaurant!  Sharks are my absolute favorites, and I can't wait to go back and enjoy a meal there.  (Unfortunately, we had to leave early that day.)  II highly recommend Wildlife World Zoo & Aquarium to anyone looking for an outstanding zoo experience, or just someplace fun to take the kids on a nice day.
4	Great zoo. My son especially enjoys the petting area and the sting rays. We usually go during the fall and spring time while the weather is still comfortable enough.
4	Wildlife World Zoo and Aquarium is a privately run zoo, aquarium, and park geared toward families. We visited on a hot afternoon recently and saw a lot of animals that appeared to be well-cared for. I am generally zoo-averse. I think it has something to do with having seen "Gorillas in the Mist" and seeing some zoos where the animals are cooped up in cages that are too small for them to live a happy life. I'd rather watch the animals on PBS or go on safari and see the animals in their own habitat. That being said, I am okay with places that take care of animals that are already not in the wild, as long as the conditions are good. Wildlife World Zoo's monkeys were purchased from an overseas meat trade (being in a zoo is better than being eaten, I think!). Some of the animals were donated by people who had them and didn't know what to do with them. Some animals were bred in captivity. I thought that the tortoise and the animals in the petting zoo could've used more supervision from zoo staff. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eE4MUd3m6j6yISWjEYjyPQ?select=hvL9zbLpCQLv-ACZ73fI2g I didn't see any guests abusing the animals, but I hope there are cameras or enough staff present to make sure that it never happens. Many animal exhitbits are interactive, and I didn't notice zoo personnel near all of the interactive exhibits.When you visit the Congo Cooker, they don't provide straws in order to protect the animals. In this case, they're putting the animals first, which is great.Highlights for us included:+ Feeding the parrots cut apples which they ate out of our hands. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eE4MUd3m6j6yISWjEYjyPQ?select=CGDdCL2Euu0FU7GFwXuZ_Q+ Riding the safari train ride where we saw lots of animals. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eE4MUd3m6j6yISWjEYjyPQ?select=XBZ0cTUr0TVos5IKBmpoPw+ Petting the stingray, sea star, and lobster.+ Seeing the baby animals.Tips and other info:* If you're going during hot weather, visit during the morning before it gets scorching. Save the aquarium for last, since it's cooler inside.* There are coupons available for discounts of admission in the Entertainment book and local newspaper.* Tiburon Restaurant is located on the grounds of Wildlife World Zoo and has lovely views of the aquarium. We didn't eat here, though it appears to have nice ambiance and an extensive menu with a variety including a kids' menu. http://www.tiburonrestaurant.net* The playground is downwind of the petting zoo, so it doesn't smell great there. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eE4MUd3m6j6yISWjEYjyPQ?select=CnTTkQrivcm6QGJvHrnytwThere was one goat in the petting zoo that was especially aggressive with us, which wasn't that fun. We hadn't purchased any feed, so he settled for our clothing. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eE4MUd3m6j6yISWjEYjyPQ?select=A75NiwFXuPt7lwdZXJEUTw All in all, it was a very fun afternoon and a very stimulating place to take kids.
2	Anyone driving out here for the first time should know that once you exit the highway, there aren't any gas stations. I nearly ran out of gas because I didn't know I was gonna end up way out in the boonies. I mean, where do all the farmers out here get their fuel?As for the zoo itself, there are some animals that you won't see at the phoenix zoo and of course there's the aquarium but I don't really think I'll be going back. The reason I came here to begin with was so my girlfriend could see some penguins. I have to remind myself that we do live in the desert but the penguin exhibit was really sad. It's very small and although the entire front of it is glass, the entire area quickly fills up with children, obstructing the view.I think instead of driving from the east valley, next time I'll make the trek up to Out of Africa, which I've heard is quite an experience.
2	The entrance fees are very high to this park.  $25 for adults and like $16 for kids.  After that, every ride in the zoo costs a lot of money.  If you want to ride on the tram (I don't recommend that) that is $6/person.  If you want to ride on the train, another $4/person.  If you want on the log ride, then $6/person.The zoo itself is substandard.  Chain link fences surround the cages, and all the pathways are gravel, leading to a dusty walk around.  The Aquarium IS fun.  The kids loved touching the sting rays, and seeing all the sharks and penguins and fish.Bring your lunch.  The cafeterias are poor.  They all have a different name but serve overpriced hotdogs and subs.  Bring bottled water.  This park seems to have removed all the drinking fountains and placed Coke machines in their place.  Also enjoyed the corporate sponsors as you walk around....too bad they can't chip in for drinking fountains.
1	First, the cost was ridiculously expensive.  I think I could have gone to Disneyland for less.  The animals lived in sub par conditions.  I was horrified to see their baby hogwarts in a glass room with electric blankets hanging down and the hogwarts nibbling on the electrical cords.  I was saddened to see the white tiger pace as they were in a cage too small and looked so unhappy.  On top of a very high admission fee, they also charged a few dollars for every attraction.  I will never return.
4	Our favorite place in the West Valley, we always have best time at the ZOO. I only wish rides where included in the entrance price, even if it meant raising it. It can get really pricy with kids.
2	I would have say hands down worse zoo I have ever been to . I've been to zoos from the Midwest ,east coast to west and this zoo was a waste.  Half of the animals where away for observation , I can say the one thing that I did like was the tour. But this zoo should defiantly consider becoming a free zoo,its over priced  and you will not get your moneys worth.....I think I saw more animals on the way to the zoo...
4	I was completely surprised at how close some of the animals are to you! I personally fed the Giraffes and freaked out and ran like a little kid but it was pretty neat! My most favorite part of our trip there was when we walked over to the Aquarium side and we noticed they had a BAR!! This made us very happy so we escaped the heat and the kids for a few drinks!! All in all I would say the day at the zoo was great!
3	Spread out. Water ride wasn't working. We did ride the train though. Staff was helpful and friendly.  They had signs posted not to bring in outside drinks and such, however I observed several individuals carrying cups from McDonalds.  Hmmmm
4	Went on a hot August day. There were not many people there, so we didn't have to fight any crowds!  It was well over 100 degrees, so if you go during hot weather, make sure you stay hydrated!   Water was $3.00 a bottle, but we refilled them at the chilled water fountains in the indoor exhibits. ;-)  We survived!The zoo was a lot of fun. Feeding the giraffes is a highlight.  Bring lots of quarters.  A little spendy for the animal food, fifty cents for a small handful. But it was fun!Make sure you feed the parrots!  It's a freebie and happens several times a day. They land on you and eat the apple chunks you're holding.  After about 20 minutes, the apples come out the other end, so be warned!Although the zoo has an open feel for the larger animals, I was a little discouraged with the caged monkeys and other small animals.  I thought the chain-link cages distracted from the otherwise great zoo experience.Well worth the time and money! Recommended!
5	AWESOME! i took my kids here and we had a blast! It was very hot, but that's to be expected in phoenix! Loved all the animals (which there was a ton), and the aquarium was beautiful! Such a fun place for a family outing! My boys really enjoyed all the monkeys, the petting area, and the giraffe feeding (me too)! I would definitely go back!
3	This Zoo is okay. Bring lots of money because it will cost you 73 dollars for 2 adults and one kid over 2 and then all the ride.  The exhibits were a little lacking in the zoo side of things but the aquarium was pretty nice, especially considering it was in Arizona.  The boat ride and the carrasel were closed which was a bummer but the train and log flume were open.  Each ride costs money on top of admission and they only take cash.  Additionally the snack bar only takes cash as well so be ready for that.  The highlights for my kids was the petting zoo, the train ride, log flume and feeding the stingrays.  A good place to take your kids but be ready to drop some serious money here.  After ridding the rides, eating at the snack bar, admission, and the gift shop I dropped about 250$.
2	We took our granddaughter yesterday.  We are disappointed by the cost.  The admission should cover more, none of the rides are included.  We did not bring food because they have a nice restaurant, Tiburon.  It was not opened.  The only food option was a marginal snack bar that was pricey for the quality and selection.  They do not have milk and their selections are not healthy.  We waited for the Lory feeding and none of the birds ate.  Something about a procedure zoo personnel had preformed earlier in the day and they were still upset.  The train ride is very short and costly.  Very disappointing.
4	Came here over the Thanksgiving Holiday with my husband and 2 year old. For a small little zoo, this place packs a punch. I've been to several zoos, including the world famous San Diego Zoo, and what this zoo lacks in size and "polish", it makes up for in intimacy and amenities for little kids. It's the perfect size for kids. Not too big, not too small. What zoo can you go to and get face to face with a giraffe and even feed them for $.50??? Not any I've been to. I do agree that the initial price of the admission is a shocker but this a private zoo and for it being private, the variety of animals they have is impressive. The only animals they don't have are elephants and hippos but they're working on it. Overall, the animals seem happy here. The only animal that seemed kinda sad to me was the Rhino. Yes, the other little attractions cost extra (like the train, merry go round etc) but considering how expensive it is to run a place like this, it's an honest asking. I think this place is great for little kids as there's lots of open space, a big play area and lots of animals in their petting zoo. If you're going here expecting a first class zoo environment (San Diego, Ohio etc) you will be dissapointed, but if you come here and want to see some cool animals up close than you'll enjoy yourself. Pros:-Intimate environment, can get up close and feed animals-Environment is catered for little kids-I'm super biased here, but the location. My in-laws live in surprise so this place was a hop skip and a jump from their home.-There were enough shady areas and places to rest all about the park-Free parkingCons:-Admission is a bit pricey, but look out for coupons in local newspapers, online etc. I think in the summer/hot months you can get buy 1 get 1 free admission. But in the more comfortable months (Winter/fall) it was only $3 off. -Dusty! Nothing is paved, so where closed toed shoes. Bring hand sanitizer and wet wipes.Tips:Again, wear closed toed shoes and socks or you will have some nasty feet at the end of the day.  And though they say "no outside food", if done responsibly (like in a back pack, or kids stroller) you can easily bring in your own water and food. I'm not talking cooler action, but a sandwhich  or two and bottled water and snacks? Cake. You could probably smuggle that in too. =) Go early when its not too hot and crowded.
5	Just the right amount of fun for the little people :)This zoo has grown, but it is still the perfect size to allow kids to walk (or run) from exhibit to exhibit without over exerting themselves. They still having enough energy left to play on the very well planned play ground situated right between the zoo & the aquarium. Whoever decided to put it up is a genius, I really needed a break by then, lol! Although my nieces & nephew didn't get tired till we were in the car on the way home, the little train ride was fun & the kids got to rest for a bit while still being entertained. There are 2 restaurants/cafe's in the zoo/aquarium, but you are allowed to bring food in. We were there for about 3 hours. I packed plenty of snacks & juice boxes to get us through & there are plenty of benches where you can sit for mini snack breaks :)Daytime Admission to Zoo & Aquarium Adults: $27.50 + taxKids 3 to 12 Years: $14.25 + tax2 & younger: FreeThe animals are close up & everything is really geared towards kids, so it's worth the trip. Sometimes there are coupons mailed out but you can also go onto the following website and print one out. It's good for the whole family. It's good till Jan 2nd. http://www.phoenixkids.com/coupon.php?bid=154204&id=93The other upside is that this zoo is opened every day of the year!
1	Was very disappointed for what it cost to get in!  Over $100.00 for three adults and a three year old.  The reason we chose this zoo was because of the little extras like the train ride etc., all of the little extra rides were shut down or no one was around to help you!  Plus the animals didn't seem well cared for because their areas were either filthy or flooded.  Not impressed will not go back or recommend this to a friend or family member.
5	This place is a blast, you get a lot of up close experiences with the animals like no other zoo. It's a little pricey but definitely worth it for the experience. I found the place to be very clean, the staff was friendly and seemed to love their work, although this could be related to the fact that there were probably only 100 other people there total.The animals seemed very happy, seemed to love people and were quite interactive. My favorite part was the kangaroo area where the animals are free to walk  right up to you(and do). I would have paid the admission just for that. Also the sting ray tank was great you stick in your hand and they rub against you not unlike my dog does.I do feel like the size of the enclosures were too small for many of the animals, but they seem to do the best with the space they have. I saw lots of shelters, enrichment activities, and a staff that seemed to really care. That coupled with animals that seemed happy and loved people makes me think that they are doing a good job in care.
3	I want to start with one simple fact, you MUST get some elephants. My son was so disappointed.When I was a kid this was the best zoo the staff took the time to talk to random kids about the animals and how they lived.  Now the few staff forced to interact was rude.  The gift shop/ticket sales people were all more interested in conversations with other employees. The folks at the touch tanks were extremely rude sharing not a single fact about the animals. The price is steep for what they're offering in my opinion. I'd like to see a zoo where the animals move and are active, not where every animal must be stared at only to see if it's breathing.We won't be returning, we'll stick to the Phoenix Zoo and trips to San Diego Zoo.
4	I haven't been to the zoo since I was a kid so I had a fun filled morning here. We spent a good 3-4 hrs walking through the entire zoo. Tickets were a bit pricy ($58 for two adults) but it was worth it. My BF was like a fat kid in a candy store here. He must've took over a hundred photos of all the animals. My favorite part was seeing the tigers... so cute! A lot of the animals I really wanted to see were sleeping (lion, white tiger, jaguar, cheetah...) but I still manage to snap some photos of them. We also had fun feeding the giraffes...  and having them lick your hands with their slimy black tongues. haha. I saw a lot of animals here that I have not seen in my life before which was pretty cool. There was lots and lots of birds... a little too much that we got tired of seeing birds by the end. It was great, but if they had pandas or koalas that would've made it super awesome!!!
5	This place puts our zoo here in Seattle to SHAME.I thought viewing animals a mile away was what a zoo was about and that it couldn't get any better than that. Turns out I was soooooooooooooooo wrong.This place not only offers a great restaurant (see my review on Dillons) but gets you up close and personal with the coolest of critters, animals and too many birds to count.Personally what I liked most about this place (in order) was:#1 - Free Parking#2 - A chance to view animals that we don't get a chance to see here in rainy Seattle. Camels, wart hogs, Condors, meerkats etc.#3 - A great restaurants onsite (Dillons)#4 - Coupons for a free adult entry, found on a grocery egg carton. Savings of $30I might be missing something but this place ROCKED and it's a MUST go!!!
4	****Bring lotssss of cash and cold hard quarters. The rides and cafes only take cash, and lots of quarters for the animal food machines around the park. The entrance fee is a bit pricey (you can pay with card here), especially for a family of 4. I would say if you took advantage of everything the zoo has to offer its worth it. We brought a double stroller and planned on staying the whole day, which we did. From start to finish we were there 7 hours! We went through the zoo starting at the west entrance and ending at the aquarium and Dillion's restaurant. They have a great petting zoo and playground which is great for switching it up and letting the kids run wild for a bit. I really like how you get to interact with the animals. There are food machines everywhere so that you can feed the animals, and there is a kangaroo walk. Its just an open path where you can feed and pet kangaroo's if they let you! We went on the sky ride, which is just like a ski lift that takes you on a 15-20 minute ride above the zoo. Tickets were $4 each, and free for kids under 3. I'd say it was worth it, great views and my kids loved seeing all the animals from above. There is also a train ride and boat ride.There are a couple cafes around the park (food is average cost at most restaurants) and then Dillions, a bbq restaurant, with a great happy hour.
3	There aren't many options for entertainment in this part of the Valley that don't include shopping. Aquarium is decent. Able to have access to fair amount of animals. Half a dozen rides in the park.Expensive, not many animals. Some animals are in multiple locations in the park. Animals in shabby, small displays.
2	This zoo is pretty large. That's the only good thing I can really think to say about it. They have a lot of parrots, which I really enjoy. Sadly, most of their parrots looked sick. They showed signs that are usually associated with stress and a poor diet, but I'm not sure why. They all had fresh fruits and vegetables available and large enclosures with room to roam around. The otters were in an incredibly tiny cage. It might have been good for a bird or two, but there were two otters in it. I know they're working on a new enclosure, but they shouldn't have otters in the first place if there wasn't a place for them. I felt like $30 was an insane price, especially when it seemed that anything worth seeing was under construction. They also nickel and dime you on the attractions. For $30, I shouldn't have to shell out another dime. The overall layout just seems dirty and drab right now. Hopefully that's one of the things they're working on. I can't imagine why anyone would go here instead of the much nicer, much cheaper Phoenix Zoo.
4	A great place to go see some pretty cool animals!! Make sure to feed the lorrys during their feeding times. Its pretty cool. The Dragon World exhibit is really cool too. Tickets are pretty expensive. $16 for just the zoo and $31 for the zoo and aquarium.
5	Just about as good as it gets other than driving 8 hours to the San Diego Zoo. They have everything, and up close and personal. If I remember correctly the panther lays above you and you can almost touch him. They have a petting zoo, merry-go-round, every animal you could want to see, guided tours, and a full aquarium. When I took my favorite little 4 year old out there a few years ago she had the best time. We pet the pygmy goats, rode the merry-go-round, watched the penguins fly through the water (her favorite part), fed the giraffes, and talked to the lions. It's a bit further of a drive than the Zoo, closer than San Diego, and so much fun! A must do for you and the kids!
4	Welp, they have animals. They aren't lion about that! (geddit???)The Wild Life World Zoo almost has the feel of a conservatory because you are able to get so close to the animals. Often times, wooden half-fences or moats are the only things separating you from the animals. In fact, the Kangaroo exhibit puts only ropes between you and these vicious marsupials. Other awesome exhibits include the panther, the penguins, and the giraffes. You can get pretty close to all of these animals, and you can even feed the giraffes! I would advocate going in early spring or late fall to avoid extreme weather. Getting to the zoo early is a must because the animals are most active in the morning. And stop by the petting zoo because it is fun to actually get close to the animals after spending all day behind fences.
5	I love the Wildlife World Zoo & Aquarium.  Seriously it is one of the best zoos I have ever been to and is leagues better than the Phoenix Zoo.  The animals are well tended and plentiful.  The aquarium is new and they get more exhibits every time I go there.  There are feedings where you (and your kids, or kid-like spouse) can feed birds, or watch as the penguins are fed.  There is a platform where you can feed the giraffes and you are about head height with the giraffes so they can just lick the food out of your hand.  There is a water ride, a sky ride and a carousel as well as a small playground.  While the admission seems a bit steep, I know that it goes to caring for the animals here.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this zoo to anyone.  It's fabulous.
4	Finally, the temp has started to cool down, so we decided to take the kids to the zoo.  It wasn't our first time here, but our first time in years.  Its not a huge zoo, but big enough for us.  Taking the family to the zoo is not cheap.  Even with buy one get one free coupons.  It still came out to $46.  I did purchase a drink inside, the biggest one was $4, which isn't too bad.   You do have to pay for ice if you want an extra cup of it though.  I do appreciate that the kids are actually able to see the animals since the enclosures aren't too big, but I do worry that they are cramped.  You see certain animals that are known for their running speed, but can't run anywhere in the enclosure that they are in all day.  Do they get to run freely after hours every once in a while?The kids really enjoyed feeding the giraffes.  It will cost you about 50 cents to buy food.   The giraffes are my favorite part too.  Do they have elephants and gorillas, or did we just miss them?This was our first time seeing the aquarium.  It's a pretty nice aquarium.  We had a chance to see a lot of interesting fish.  The kids spent most of their times with the stingrays.  You are allowed to touch them, but only with two fingers.  It was a nice end to our day.  I'll be back...with a coupon, of course.
4	I am conflicted about this zoo. On the one hand, it offers an excellent opportunity to get close to the animals. On the other hand, I think they simply do not have the funds to give the animals as much space as they deserve.This zoo has a lot of birds and other small animals. The habitats are arranged in rows of cages about 23-30 ft square for a family or several families of smaller animals, with separate areas befitting the species of larger sizes and different needs. Some special areas of note are the Walkabout trail and the giraffe area.The Walkabout is a circular trail of about 50-60 yards in circumference, around which families of wallabies roam free. Along the side of the trail is a fenced area for Emu. You can get pretty close to the animals and they do not seem to mind. There are great opportunities for photos. The giraffes are in a large field of about 100 yards with an elevated deck in the middle, from which guests can get a close-up view of the animals.The cages for the leopards are interesting. The cats can go into an area that stretches above the pedestrian path, offering guests a very close view from underneath. There is a double fence separated by about a foot, so even very tall children (or childlike adults) cannot get their hands into the vicinity of the leopard unless they really are trying to become handicapped.There are shows a few times a day put on by the zoo staff, but I did not witness one while I was there. It seemed there were very few patrons the day I went, so I am not sure the shows took place. I also hit the show areas at off times. I believe the show I missed was an opportunity to get an up-close view of wild birds.Wildlife World seems to have an abundance of birds, and also many varieties of marine and amphibious life. The aquarium and reptile habitats offered an indoors break from the heat, and some fine views of amphibious and aquatic wildlife, as well as some insects. There were some nice displays of rare fish, including a ray tank where one is allowed to reach in and touch the rays. One interesting indoor area I will include here is the place where they house the baby animals. This building offers a few exhibits of animal infants, along with signs explaining their existence here.The staff here seem to genuinely care for their animals, and the fact the treatment of the animals is so frequently addressed shows it is a concern. Unfortunately, proper treatment of wild species outside their natural habitats requires a great deal of money, and a great deal more space than they are afforded at this zoo. I am no expert, and perhaps I am wrong. In my opinion, the smaller birds perhaps have quite comfortable arrangements, however the gibbons and other small apes seemed to be too cramped. One gibbon swung hand-over-hand around the entire perimeter of the cage again and again. This behavior was entertaining to watch, and perhaps it was fun for him, but I couldn't help feeling as if it might get old for him after awhile. He did not have much vertical area in which to climb, as the roof of the cage is about 15 feet from the ground. The big cats have cages that are perhaps 20 yards square. Other animals like the warthogs, gazelle, and the like have pens of perhaps 50 yards square. Even the giraffes, while they have quite a large area, seemed restless in their environment. They were very exposed, and also their habitat bordered on a large galvanized steel warehouse building. I was disturbed to see the giraffes licking the side of this building, and wondered why they would do so. I'm sure it is quite harmless, but I could hot help feeling it indicates an unmet need that might be more naturally resolved than by licking a metal building.In all, this zoo offers a great opportunity to get close to the animals. It is especially worth it if you like birds and fish. I would not invest the time if you are more interested in larger animals.
5	I have been to the Phoenix Zoo and Wildlife World Zoo I by FAR would rather go to WWZ.Why:1. Clean..this park is nice and clean and I have not seen it in disrepair. Even the bathrooms are kept clean.2. Opportunity to see different animals, wallabees, kangeroos, albino aligators, and honestly where else you going to see Penguins in the valley?3. Chance to get closer to the animals.  At WWZ you have the opportunity to get closer and interact with the animals a lot more then you would at the Phoenix Zoo. We can about a foot away from a Jaguar, and I also was able to interact with a marmoset. Did I mention I was able to feed a giraffe? Very cool! (You can also touch sting rays). Also..yeah I know this just keeps going...the baby animal nursery!!!!4. Rides. Call me a sucker but the sky ride is a lot of fun, the log ride is neat...it goes through the exhibits, and they have train and boat rides I have yet to try. All in all this in my opinion is worth the money..and is a lot of fun.
5	I've never really been too thrilled about Zoos. I went to the Reid Park Zoo a lot in Tucson as a kid and I have fond memories, but really I have never really been terribly impressed.Well, my skepticism was laid to rest when we made the drive to Wildlife World. The very first thing you'll notice as you enter the park is that it does NOT immediately stink of animal feces, unlike every other zoo I have ever been to ever. I get that smells are unavoidable, but I have never before entered a zoo unassaulted instantly by the unrelenting odor of beast poo.Aside from that, a few of the habitats they have are very cleverly designed. A Jaguar habitat has a bridge over the walkway that the cats can sleep on so people can get very close looks and interactions with the animals. I've never experienced that before.They had other attractions like that, such as giraffe feeding and a petting-pool of stingrays that were excellent up-close experiences with these magnificent creatures.We got to see penguin and otter feedings that were fascinating as well. And the connected Dillon's BBQ restaurant didn't jack up their prices just because of their location (and the aquariums inside were amazing)I highly recommend Wildlife World over the Phoenix Zoo if you are trying to pick one of the two.
3	So I just took my family on 11/3/2012 as part of my 7 year old daughters birthday present. Haven't been here is several years and thought it would be a nice day to go. If it wasn't for Groupon's amazing discounted tickets I would have gave it only 2 stars. The price to get into this park and for what they offer does not measure up. The aquarium is very very very neat. If you are only going to see this feature of the zoo then I would tell you this portion is well worth it. This was the first time seeing the aquarium since they opened it and I was very impressed and the nice lady that was running the sting ray exhibit was so nice. All the employee's were very nice and even let both my daughters help feed the animals since we were there so early and it was feeding time for a lot of the animals. They nickel and dime you throughout the whole zoo though, so not only do you spend almost a $100 just to get into the gates:$3.00 each tiny cup of shrimp to feed the sting rays, $ for the train rides, log ride, and the sky ride. I would say if you really want to see an awesome zoo for this kind of price take yourself of to Camp Verde, AZ and go to Out of Africa zoo.
5	Such a great experience, much more organic (if thats the word I'm looking for).  Went with the in-laws and spent probably 5 hours there.  Monkeys are awesome, can't beat the giraffe feeding and nursery.  We went on a groupon and we will be back again.  It was busy for a holiday weekend and so much fun.  So worth it!
5	Excellent zoo and aquarium with very well-maintained exhibits.  The exhibits themselves tend to be either fenced or wooden posts for barriers. The wooden post barriers are nice in that you get a very close view of the animals.  There are a wide variety of animals from different parts of the world.  There also had some animals that were genetically unusual, such as the white alligator, albino python, and white tiger.  The baby animal nursery was great and we got a close up view of those adorable babies (Porcupines and black jaguar when we were here).  One of my favorite exhibits was the penguin exhibit, and we stuck around for the penguin feeding.  They had a group of only one type of penguin here (The black footed penguin), but hey, for Arizona, it's great that they have penguins here at all!While the zoo closes at 6, the aquarium is still open until 9 P.M.  We spent the day at the zoo, had dinner at Dillon's, then spent the rest of our time here at the aquarium, which made for a very nice, pleasant day.  The aquarium has 3 different buildings you can go to.  There's two different "touch" pools, one for starfish/horseshoe crab, and another with various rays.  There were some unusual aquarium setups, such as an aquarium on the ceiling which I thought was cool because you can see the bellies of the fish and the rays when you look up.  I was surprised to see they had a (Ridley?) sea turtle, very cool.  I also thought it was cool that they had a nautilus exhibit, a very unusual and beautiful animal.If you buy Hickman's eggs, there is often a coupon for 2 for 1 on the inside package, which is how we got our discount.  I have also seen them on Groupon.  If you are in West part of the valley, this is an excellent way to spend your day.  P.S.  Please don't come here in the evening expecting to see Zoo Lights, and then complain to the poor cashier about how they are open until 9 P.M. but don't have any animals on exhibit!  I felt bad for the cashier who patiently explained to the irate customer how the animals are naturally sleeping at night, that they are not the Phoenix Zoo, but they do have aquarium exhibits to see until 9.  Despite refunding the customer's money, the customer was still argumentative!
5	My best friends daughter is in town from Alaska and since its still so beautiful here during the day, we decided to take her to this zoo. It was soooo cool. There were many, many different exhibits and animals. The signs were informative and the price was right since we got our tickets on Groupon. (50 for all 3 of us). It was a beautiful walk and you could get super close to the animals.
5	Love this zoo!  Well maintained easy to see all of the animals.  Love the fact they have a baby exhibit that houses all of the new baby's.  They also have groupons and Entertainment coupons which is awesome.They have rides, a petting zoo and a BBQ place there that is rockin.
5	Ditto.  Wonderful zoo.  Most costly then the Phoenix but you get to actually see animals.  Who knew?  The drive isn't bad at all.  I would suggest a big breakfast, bring bottle waters and plan on lunch at Dillons BBQ on site restaurant and see the rest of the zoo after.  Skip the snack bars unless you just can't wait.  Dillion's was good and not expensive.  Kids meals are 3.99.  And they have a nice selection of domestic and imported beers.  I think we hit it at 2:30 and the domestics were 2.50...that included a giant shark tank view.  There is a vintage sky ride that's 4.00  round trip over some of the enclosures, but heck it's just cool and romantic.
3	It was a nice day trip for my family but honestly it was slightly overpriced.  The prices are cheaper to go to Phoenix Zoo.  They do have coupons on the Hickman's egg cartons for buy one adult and the child is free which was a deciding factor.  It was nice for the day and kept my 4 kids entertained but next time I would need some kind of coupon to entice me.  They are updating the place continuously which is nice.
5	Such a cool hands on interactive zoo! My friends and I had an amazing time. It's much better than the Phoenix zoo!
4	Pack a lunch and bring plenty of quarters! The food is pricey, and you need change to feed various animals. :)
3	I love this zoo. The range of animals is amazing, and I love that patrons can get much closer to the exhibits than at the Phoenix Zoo The aquarium is also top-notch. Unfortunately, the cost for just too high. Even if I left my husband at home, it would still be too FAR expensive for my daughter and I to go. The chances of us going back any time soon are pretty remote. I have heard other families (some of whom have two or more kids) say the same thing. The expense is just too great.
4	Fun place if you have children. My son enjoyed the train, carousel, and giraffe feeding. We ate at Dillon's after our visit. Good food. Bring your own stroller as the rental strollers are from the 70's. If you have some free time after your other Phoenix sites, it is worth it.
5	well well well... wasn't this such a lovely surprise ! Way better than my experience at the PHX Zoo. This place is great. Kids under 3 are free.. SCORE!. Took the 2 yr niece out for a day with Auntie and Uncle and we had such a good time. You really can get super close to all the animals and there are so many different types of animals here. it was my first time seeing a white crocodile ! Side note- Thanks to whoever put the carousal right in the middle of the tour as we could not walk past it until my niece rode it- due to her screaming I RIDE HORSEY!! over and over again until she got to ride it.Anyway, the aquarium was probably my favorite part. Such a cool setup and experience. i got to feed the sting rays and i was only able to do it once because it tripped me the F out..so i gave the rest of the shrimp to my bf so he could do it. Cool experience though! Also have a few restaurants and snack stands as you walk around as well but you can bring in your own things also and save some scrilla.a lot of walking and a lot of dust so ladies let's remember this is not a fashion show, you are in a  big dusty/rocky circle to look at a bunch of animals, not front row at an Usher concert. Mmkay, thanks.
4	Wildlife World Zoo is a great place to see wildlife in Arizona. I would probably give more like 3.5 instead of 4. In my opinion it is much better than the Phoenix Zoo which is really small and has very limited attractions. WWZ is quite expensive at $31 per adult and $15 per child but you can often find coupons online good for $4 off per person up to 4 people with a google search. On the weekends they have informational shows with the animals which is fun. I think that some of the enclosures are a bit small for the animals which makes me sad but I think that the zoo does the best that it can. This zoo is chock full of parrots of all kind free roaming the zoo. You will find some kind of parrot around just about every corner. The parrots can be fun to talk to and can be quite entertaining, it makes me wonder if they maybe rescue unwanted or abandoned parrots from around the valley. I wish that they had more information posted about the animals or more zoo employees walking around that you could talk to about the exhibits. It seems that they will be expanding the zoo as they have many signs posted about future exhibits. I hope that they do not raise the price anymore once these exhibits are built because it might become to much of an expense for a family if the price goes up much more.The aquarium is just okay. They are expanding this as well but they need to have many more tropical exhibits. I know it is still fairly new and the fish are still growing in to the habitat but the aquarium still seems to be lacking something. Again more zoo employees need to be walking around with information because I would like to learn more about the fish/animals especially if I am paying so much.Overall this zoo has quite a bit to see and it is a great spot to get out in AZ. Some things could be changed but I'm hoping they will continue to make improvements as they grow. I recommend going in January through May or October through December. Any time in the summer would be miserable in the heat because it is very exposed with little shade.
5	Great time here!  So much to see!  The monkeys and giraffe where the best!
4	I have been to this zoo several times over the years and finally FINALLY had a good visit. I'm not sure what the problem was before...I just found this zoo boring to the point where I hadn't even seen the whole zoo until now. That having been said, my most recent visit was an eye-opening, very fun visit. The variety of animals was excellent though they do seem to have a ridiculous number of birds. The aquarium is fun too.Pros:Large variety of animalsSmall yet intimate animal enclosures make for a more intimate visit with the animals.Friendly staffCons:EXPENSIVE $30/adult admission, $15/child 3-12. Too many additional charges to nickle and dime. Snack bars don't take debit and ATMS are not readily availablesmall animal enclosures make you feel like the animals are stifled...but then it IS a zoo afterall.
5	We love this place & I have been to San Diego, St. Louis, Chicago, etc. Our favorite by far!
3	A zoo on the way up for some family funWWZ has a good variety of animals and attractions.  The aquarium portion is especially fun for the younglings.  Interactive sessions are enjoyable, as well.  Their location in the West Valley primes them as an attraction as the area continues to grow.Drawbacks: The high price of admission-- one would think they could get some better sponsorships-- makes an outing relatively expensive.  Maintenance needs in areas and the small size of enclosures catch your attention.  And the snack shop, the one water park ride, and the gift shop come across as old/cheap.Still fun for the kids and it seems like the WWZ is investing so that they are on their way up.
4	Not quite 5 star worthy, but definitely worth the trip. It's expensive ($31 for adults), so definitely try to score BOGO coupons. Also, there are a couple small rides inside that cost extra. Bottled water... $4. Yikes it can really add up! My favorite part of the whole zoo is feeding the giraffes. Not only do you get close enough to feed them, it's close enough for them to wrap their slimy blue tongues around your hand! So gross but so cool, lol. The kangaroo area is free range that you walk through, love it! Anyway, lots of animals. Warning: the indoor attractions are hot and smell horrendous :-/. Also, it's great if you love birds because there are soooo many. Oh look, more birds! So I'm not a huge zoo person... Just walking around looking at animals in cages... But this one is worth the drive for some good close ups.
5	I loved this zoo.  The experience is amazing.  You can see the animals so close.  We went with another couple who also has twins, so it was a blast.  We started at the west entrance because we wanted to leave the aquarium and "wet" experience towards the end.  There are several stations where you can feed animals.  Make sure you get change at the gate ( you need quarters for the machines).  I didn't mind that everything is pretty much "a la carte".  The skyride is $4 per person.  It is worth every penny.  It was so much fun to ride above the zoo and observe the animals.  So beautiful.  The train ride was also $4 per person.  The carousel was $2.50 a person and feeding the rays was $3, which my little boy had a thrill.  He couldn't stop laughing whenever the rays touched his little fingers.  I got to touch them too, they are funky in a cool kind of way.  The only one that we thought was a little steep was the Log Flume ride, at $6 a person, we decided it was not worth it. The kids had a blast at the petting zoo, they still talk about it even a week after being there.  Another thing that was great was having a real restaurant available inside the zoo.  They have a Dillon's in there by the stingray station. We spent 6 hours there and we couldn't believe we missed the penguins.  I guess we will have to go back.  We all agreed, we couldn't find a reason to go to the Phoenix zoo anymore.
5	What a great zoo. They have so much to see we were able to spend the whole day there, entertained the entire time.The price was reasonable and well worth it.Feeding the giraffes, hanging with the kangaroos, all the aquariums were awesome as well. They had a cool penguin spot, otters, and a lot of rare animals.They had baby animals that were freaking awesome.The fish and aquarium exhibits were well done and properly maintained.Go here over any other zoo in AZ. Bearizona is also cool, the PHX Zoo is ok, but avoid the Out of Africa Park (sucks).
4	Let's start with price - too high! Now let's talk everything else. The bathrooms were actually quite clean for a zoo and the layout was interesting. In between each large exhibit there were enough birds to look at to occupy your eyes. The transitions were great. We took a ton of pictures and everything you normally see at a zoo is here - except you can generally get pretty close to everything.There is a train ride, sky ride and boat ride that each show you various sections of this zoo, but our party of four took off on foot and covered the same basic area for free - I mean after the initial fee to get into the park.The gift shop was moderately priced - accepts credit cards. The ability to touch urchins, star fish, lobsters, turtle, tortoises, sting rays and a couple ducks were all highlights and worth memory slots in my brain.There is plenty of free parking, and things to do for children - we didn't have our grandson, but we are sure he'd like the play area and petting zoo part!  There could be more shows, but at least the penguins were being fed during our visit and the baby white tiger was awesome. There were plenty of signs that told you more about the animals but PLEASE don't pick the creatures up - touching is ok, but not picking them up!The staff was excellent! The place overall was worthy of 4 stars.
4	This zoo was such an unexpected find!  We really enjoyed it.  The admissions price is really high, but they did accept the $4 off coupon right from my cell phone, which was a big relief.  They do accept debit/credit cards for admissions, but that's about the only place in the entire park where you can use your card.  There are multiple "rides" throughout the park.  We went on the log flume ride (fun, but at $6 a piece probably not worth it) and the sky ride.  The sky ride was definitely worth the $4 price, it was great get a completely different view of the park.  The park is clean and even though it was pretty busy when we went it didn't seem crowded.  Highlights were the free roaming peacocks and kangeroos, and all the baby animals.
5	The best zoo in Arizona! If you havent been you need to go. If you've been there but it's been awhile...go back! The Aquariums are awesome and the overall experience is 10 times better than the Phoenix zoo. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED! TIP: search the local paper for the buy one get one free coupons...they are always available
5	I have a 5 year old son and a 2 year old daughter. At first we were a little put off by the prices, but after a few visits we decided it well worth the cost of an annual membership so that we can go and visit as much as we'd like. This zoo provides an opportunity to see the animals up close and personal and all of the animals are treated very well. We really get our value out of being member because during the summer we can still spend time in thier beautiful aquariums! You really won't find another zoo that offers quite the same unique experience!
1	Admission is way too expensive for this zoo. Plus, be warned, it does not include the rides. Which are sub-par at best, you will pay $6 to ride the 'log ride' that is featured on the brochure...and the food place in the zoo only accepts cash. After being shocked at the admission and then discovering the rides were not included...we entered the zoo. Which is completely dirt, no landscaping to enjoy. The zoo is very old and has the enclosures that made myself, my husband and my kids (ages 10 and 11) feel sorry for the animals. The aquarium tanks are too small for many of the fish (they have probably out grown them.) The most disappointing and heart breaking thing was to go into the building where the baby animals are kept. It reeked of urine, each baby animal was in it's own room. There was a black panther in it's own room. Laying on the floor with it's tail in urine. No toys to play with, bed to sleep on. The zoo did have lots of animals, if you like birds you will get to see lots. But they mostly were in their own cage and not in a large aviary to fly around. So sad. It surprises me with all of the animal rights activists this zoo is still up and operating.The only redeeming experience was the ray petting tank in the aquarium area. This was amazing. You could actual pet lots of rays and they came up to you.
5	Love this place!!  Because it is not state run is does cost more but that brings more of a down home feel to it.  They have typical and none typical zoo animals along with the awesome water life in the aquarium part.  They have some rides and food which does cost more along with the souvenir shops.  So spend the whole day, take your time and enjoy!!!
5	This place is AWESOME. Plan to spend the whole day there. So many animals to look at, so much better than a zoo. Tons of primates swinging around - I love primates. Huge prairie dogs. Multiple otter exhibits. Big cats, big birds, a pond full of pink flamingos you can watch while eating at the restaurant. Go see the penguins at feeding time. This place was a blast to visit. You can find coupons online that make it much cheaper.
5	You could almost argue that this place is better than the PHX Zoo, I love how they keep adding exhibits and animals everytime we go. Great place to bring the kids.
3	Ill make this review quick.Pretty decent zoo but...Too expensive to get in and it doesn't include rides. Elephants? What zoo doesn't have elephants? These reasons keep my family of four from going back.
5	10 TIMES better than the Phx Zoo.....
4	I visited when it was over 110 degrees and almost had the whole place to myself.  There are a lot of animals to see in the zoo and plenty of fish to see in the aquarium.  Be sure to go to the (free) bird feedings and pet the sting rays!  See the zoo animals first because the zoo closes before the aquarium.  Bring plenty of water with you because this place is bigger than it appears.  There are a few water fountains near the buildings (north side of the park) with ice cold water that taste good, so you can refill a bottle there.  The water fountains on the south side are in the sun and hot.  The restrooms are large and pretty clean too.  One thing I didn't like was cups and plastic (water) bottles all over the place.  Clean up the trash.  There is a great restaurant called Dillions BBQ on site and provides a great place to get out of the sun, soak up some A/C, and chow down on some really good food.  You can even request to sit right next to a giant shark tank!  The aquarium's A/C is set in the mid 70s, so these are buildings that are nice to see when it's real hot.  Bring walking shoes, water and sunblock.  Also, enjoy the free air show that the fighter jets from Luke Air Force base seem to put on as they practice overhead.
1	$65.00 dollars for a family of 3, and that is with a $4 off coupon. We were extremely disappointed in our trip. The whole place smell of feces and urine, now I understand that it is zoo, but it was horrible. In the reptile exhibit, we believe that we saw what was a dead snake. Most of the animals did not have food or WATER, its 107 degrees outside, give the animals some WATER. The map was not accurate. The best part was the aquarium and the only inside building that didn't smell awful. I will that we could have asked for some type of refund but my husband pointed out that there was  a NO REFUNDS sign on the way in. Totally not worth the money, gas, or my time.
5	I've now been to this zoo twice and I must say that it is fantastic. I have seen a lot of zoos and aquariums in my day and this one is among the best. The sheer number of animals is just amazing, and they were largely on display even in the intense Phoenix summer heat. There is a lot of diversity as well, from old favorites to exotic birds to numerous animals that you won't commonly see in other zoos.  The aquarium is also quite good and would probably make a viable destination on its own. Moreover, there must be something in the water down here because they have impressive success with their breeding programs and there are baby animals everywhere! Now there are some downsides to the zoo, so be warned.  If you live in Phoenix proper or to the west it's quite far. It's also quite expensive, though there are BOGO coupons and Living Social deals available. Admission doesn't include rides and they charge a lot for drinks so costs can add up. It does appear that they use the money well, though, as they must pay upkeep for all their animals and they do take good care of them, even if some of the exhibits and signage are somewhat dated. If you want to get your money's worth, go early and plan to stay for the whole day. Dillons in the aquarium serves decent enough BBQ for reasonable prices. I would definitely recommend this place for a family outing if you have a day to spend.
5	I can't say that I've actually been to this zoo but I've been to the restaurant inside!!! This place is such a cool place!!! You can eat southern style comfort food and watch sharks swim while you eat!! There are flamingos on the back patio and an albino alligator in the bar ( behind glass of course). Very family friendly :)
2	This was my first visit to this zoo and it was disappointing. The jaguar, tigers and sting rays were really cool and the reason for two stars instead of one. The biggest issue I had with this zoo was the admission. The admission price was way too high. Children over 12 are considered "adults" which makes this a very expensive outing. For 2 adults, 2 teenagers and 2 children under 12 the admission was $94 and this was after 2 buy one get one free admission coupons. Once we were inside the zoo we discovered there was no tram to take you around just a small train that cost an additional $4 per person. For what we paid, that train should have been included. Another issue I had was that there was no pavement only dirt which kept blowing up in our faces. This was definitely my first and last visit to this zoo.
5	It was such a nice zoo! First zoo we visit in Arizona. We bought a grupon and it came with a free pass to feed the stingrays! It was such a wonderful experience. Being able to feed the giraffe and see the animals up close was a nice gift. Bought a train ticket for $4 each and they take you inside were the animals are (of course not dangerous animals) but still it was worth it.
4	We were able to get a Living Social deal to come out to the Wildlife World Zoo, which included a ticket for admission and two tickets to feed the stingrays.  It was a bit of a drive for us, but that's what weekends are for, yes? We were expecting this place to take some time, but we spent far more time here then we thought we would - which was great! They have tons of animals to see and the indoor / outdoor locations were spread out nicely to give us a break from the sun when needed.  Note: wear full shoes and not sandals...our feet were horrible when we got home!  Nothing is paved, it's all sand and rock (lesson learned). That's our fault for going to a wildlife place in the desert with flip-flops!Dillon's is attached is you want a quick bite to eat - reviewed that already separately.  Be sure to get your hand stamped if you eat there and plan on getting back into the zoo.We were there for about 4 hours for just the two of us, so if you have little ones you might want to plan on it taking a bit longer.Overall: ANot a bad way to spend a day of our weekend - grab up a Living Social / Groupon deal if you find one and head on out!
5	Great zoo and it's just minutes from my house. Really an unexpected treasure that is a must do in the area. You can get up close with most of the animals including the predators. Feeding the giraffes is a fun experience and the animals are more than willing to eat right out of your hand. Great aquarium area with all variety of sea life. Kids and adult should love it. Also go on the log ride, and sky buckets it's worth the few bucks!
1	Worst zoo I've ever been too. Way over priced for a filthy facility. Will never waste my money here again. The only nice thing I can say is that all of the staff are very friendly
1	This place is extremely overpriced!!. I only went here because of the reviewsand ratings people gave it. I was tremendously disappointed!. I dont even know where to start!. The smell was horrible. There was trash all over. The animal inclosures were to small and filthy!. I felt bad for the animals who have to live there!!..  can not believe this place is even open to the public. The only reason I gave it one star was for the military discount.  Do yourself a favor and save your money!. Totally not worth the drive and definitely not worth the money!!..
5	My wife and I love taking our daughter here. They have more than enough to keep you busy all day. The animals are well taken care of and always very close and easy to view. There is always something new to see and the displays are constantly changing. They are constantly expanding with new animals and shows.They have enough trees that you can keep cool walking around in some pretty high temperatures and there are several air conditioned houses for reptiles, baby animals, etc. where you can cool off. Bring some extra cash for the log ride and carousel, and feeding the stingrays: about $5 per person. You will need quarters to feed the giraffes, the koi fish, and the animals at the petting zoo.You can spend an entire day in the aquarium alone; It is without a doubt the best in Arizona. It is all contained in several air conditioned buildings, so it makes for a great day no matter how hot or cold it is outside.The entire park is non-smoking, but you can smoke outside of the Dylan's restaurant and re-enter with a hand stamp. We have stopped at the Dylan's BBQ several times. It is definitely worth stopping in for at least a snack in the dining room that wraps around the shark tank. Also, how many zoos do you know of with a full bar? Bonus!The price seems a little steep at $30 per adult, but it is worth it for a special family trip. You can easily find $5 off coupons online and many of the entertainment coupon books have 'buy one get one free' offers. If you like this place as much as we do, I highly recommend the season pass: unlimited visits for one full year at $100 for an adult. Children are usually half the price of adults and kids under three are always free.
5	Comparing the Phoenix Zoo to the Wildlife World Zoo is like comparing apples to oranges.  Hot, dusty, smelly oranges.Yes, WWZ can be "far", and it might cost a little more, and it has more dirt roads than sidewalks, and it can get a little smelly (especially the Small Mammal building), BUT I liked it better than the Phoenix Zoo.  In fact, having gone to the Phoenix Zoo just three months ago, I can't remember anything distinctive about it other than a kangaroo statue photo op.OK, I wasn't holding the map, so I realized I missed a lot of stuff: the kangaroos, penguins, geese, petting zoo, and singing dogs?  Singing dogs?  Is that what the map says, or am I misreading it? Maybe they mean Pitbull, I don't know. Do the finalists go on to be on American Poodle?  (The hyenas liked that one)It was a nice November day when we went, so none of the animals were forced to hide in the shade.  The only animal we couldn't find was the porcupine.  Yet, we saw a porcupine in another cage with another animal, an iguana   I think.  Maybe it escaped, maybe it was a play date?  I don't know.  Hope the iguana didn't get a little prick.  Speaking of little pricks, my brother Paul went too and he liked it.What sets WWZ apart is that you can get really close to the animals.  In particular, the jaguar will look at you eye-to-eye just 2 feet apart if you lean in. He eyed the peacocks and children walking by, licking his lips, and I couldn't help but wonder which tasted better.Also super close were the giraffes because you can feed them for just 50 cents a handful.  Some zoos (like Santa Barbara) only have 1-2 specific feeding times, but here it is all day.  If you are too queezy, you can just pour the pellets onto his tongue, or you can be adventurous like me and let the slimy but hard hot tongue take them from you.  I wonder if they do bachelor parties?Though the ostriches were pretty far (and deserve their own feeding station like the must-see Ostrichland in Solvang, CA) and the rhino had better things to do, everything else was close:  The tigers drank water near us.  The tapirs snuck their snouts out and you could touch them.  I almost handed a lemur an ice cube before getting sternly warned (by a worker, not the lemur). I was mere inches from a mama mouse nursing her baby mice.  You can go eye to eye with the tanked alligator. The people right next to him at Dillon's Bar are also tanked.I am kinda bummed that the lorakeet feeding area was closed and that we did go to the turaco feeding area, but the workers said the birds were too full.  What? How can that be?  They eat like birds! The map doesn't show many things, like Dragon World or the Baby Nursery area.  In the past they had baby porcupines.  We saw a sleeping baby jaguar the size of a shoebox, and a sleeping baby tapir the size of a backpack.  A highlight was feeding the stingrays, which costs a little more (if not included with a groupon). You hold a piece of shrimp between your finger like a cigarette and they come up and suck them out.  Even though you know you can't get hurt, that they have no teeth, and that they are accustomed to being fed by strangers, it's a little freaky.  Highly recommended.  I wonder if they do bachelor parties. We spent 3 hours there and I feel I could have spent at least one more hour, and I would have enjoyed catching a wildlife show.   MY ADVICE:  wear comfortable closed toe shoes, expect a little dust and smell, bring quarters for the giraffe feeding, do the stingray feeding, allow at least 2 hours but optimally 3.5 - 4, check the social coupon sites for a discount, bring sunscreen for the non-shaded areas, and give the map to the most anal-retentive OCD person in the group (me) so you don't miss stuff.  Also, on the way there, tell the kids that for every time someone goes on the log ride or sky ride or merry-go-round or train, they drown a baby tiger.  That should save you some money.
5	Phenomenal place with such great potential in the future. This is a great Zoo for all ages. Animals are happy and have spacious enclosures. There is an exhibit everywhere you look.
4	Not a fancy place by any stretch of the imagination, but if you want to get up close and personal with the animals, this is the place to be. It's apparent they take excellent care of the animals and seem to constantly be improving the facilities. Great for families and animal lovers alike!
5	I have been to zoos all over the country and all of them in the area as well and I have to say this is the best one I have ever been to.  It is a bit pricey, but you can get half off from coupons in Hickman's eggs, so that helps considerably.  You will literally spend all day here taking everything in, so prepare accordingly.  They have great diversity of animals and often times you will be closer to them than you have ever been.  Most of the animals are upbeat and seem happy which unfortunately is not the case with some zoos.  There are the usual money traps such as concessions and small rides, but for some reason they don't seem so aggressive, maybe because they take a back seat to the awesome exhibits.  I can't recall my kids asking me for anything once, which is very rare at a place like this.  The aquarium is just as good as any I have been to.  You have a chance to pet the stingray which if I am not mistaken is an additional charge at the Phoenix zoo.  You can also feed some of the animals such as the giraffes by purchasing food from machines for a quarter (this also costs a lot more at Phoenix zoo).  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys zoos.  It is an experience you will not forget.
2	Let me first say, that I have worked at a zoo and my entire educational life is devoted to animal behavior and physiology, therefore my critic of each and every animal park I visit is a little more intense to say the least.  Firstly, this is a private owned zoo and I know a few people that work or have worked here and believe me the so tires i hear is not pretty, but that is another story entirely.  This chapter is about my visit to the park.  I tried to leave as much bias judgement aside, since my girlfriend was with me and I didn't want to ruin the trip for her (well she told me not to).  The Zoo itself is well organized, clean, and can experience everything in one day. Here's the bad news; all the mammal exhibits are incredibly boring and small providing almost no enrichment for the animals.  The reptiles exhibits are extremely out-dated, albeit they are a wild selection of herps; their exhibits make me feel depressed for these animals.  This is a zoo that shows really easily that ones an area is built, it is no longer taken care of, instead just building on the next big thing.  There is a shining star in this review however, the aquarium is nice, they need more variety (there predator room as green iguanas in a huge enclosure.. GREEN IGUANAS!! HERBIVORES in a PREDATOR AQUARIUM!)..ugh pardon me... Given the small amount of choices you have to visit here in arizona, they do have penguins (oh yeah).. this aquarium severely trumps az sea life and any other faux aquarium we may have in this state.in conclusion, i ranted too much.  It's a zoo, go outside, visit it, enjoy nature and see cool animals.  Downside..there are many many many many better zoos out there.
5	Definately worth the drive, although the new road you take isn't in my phones GPS so it thinks you are going the wrong way. Price is high but one of the best zoos I have been to. Highlights for my family including my 2 year old son include getting very close to animals, rhino and of course feeding the giraffe. Very clean. Went on a Thursday and many times we were the only people on sight. Almost felt like we owned the place. Would certainly recommend to anyone and will return again!
4	Over the years, this zoo has REALLY improved. I remember when it first opened there were hardly any animals but this little zoo in the far west valley has really blossomed. I love how much closer to the animals you are, the interaction with the animals, the variety of exhibits...what I don't love is the price. It's expensive at $30/adult and every other attraction at the zoo is costly. There is nothing under $2.50/person with most things at least $4-$5/person to experience. And bring cash because there is only 1 ATM and it's usually out of cash and the attractions and snack bars are cash only which they don't tell you at the front door.  Given the cost of admission, I think the membership of $100 is well worth it if you plan to come more than once. I will be back and will be buying the membership next time.
5	Just moved to the area and had some time to kill before my husband stars school and we are too busy to do anything. Took our almost 2 year old son here and he loved it! There is so much to do at this Zoo!! We started with the aquarium because he loves fish, really loved how they are broken up into different buildings. The stingray petting pool was awesome, I think I enjoyed it more than my son. We went early in the day so a lot of the animals were out and about which was awesome. We wrapped up our visit with a ride on the train, then to the petting Zoo (which might have been everyone's favorite part), then had lunch at the attached restaurant, Dillion's. our overall experience was a very very positive one :) I would like to come back once more before we move again. Only downside is it is a bit on the pricey side... $62 for 2 adults just for admission. Add on the train ride and lunch, we easily spent almost $150 and we didn't even buy any refreshments or animal pellets to feed the animals or any of the other attraction the cost additional $$
4	It was a beautiful sunny day to visit WWZ.  Indoor exhibits were very nice and clean.  We saw a few different species that we have not seen in other zoos, including baby porcupines and baby black panther.  They also had many different kinds of birds I have not seen before.   The place is huge but the lions and hyenas did not have large area to roam around.  Also it was hard to see them through the wire fence and take pictures.  We took a train ride at the safari park.  It was a short ride but we got to see some animals very close.   They were gathering at the gate and were in no hurry to move as the train got closer until the guide honked the horn.There were a few areas under construction and empty spaces for animals to arrive in the future.  It was pricey but I would visit again when I come back to Phoenix.
4	This was my second time in 2 months visiting this zoo and my experiences were night and day. My first experience was very disappointing. None of the extra activities (train, merry go round, boat ride) were up and running. The log flume was and it was a chilly day. Go figure. But this time we went with some friends visiting from out of town and WWZ really stepped up their game. Every extra activity was up and running and they even had opened up a new safari area which was exciting to walk through. I'm not sure if everything was up and running because it was a Friday and there were tons of school kids there on a field trip?  When I went the first time it was a Tuesday afternoon. Overall it is a bit expensive. There are always coupons in the junk mail so keep an eye out for that. And even groupons too. The new sarfari area is still in the works but when it is done it will be good. They have a tram that you can ride on through the safari area (for a steep $5 per person) but don't waste your money on it right now. Wait until all the animals are there and the area is complete. I was a bit surprised that they don't have an elephant. That seems like a staple animal at all zoos except this one?There are tons of birds. I feel a little too many. But all the animals were able to be seen and were active. The wildlife show is a quick 10 minutes and good if you are looking to take a break. But not something you are missing out on if you decide not to go. They bring out 3-4 animals and tell you about them. The petting zoo is good for the kids. Just watch out, those goats like to chew on your clothes. Especially the little kids could get nibbled on being lower to the floor. And if you get pellets for them, they will bombard and surround you, so watch the little kids again. Don't forget quarters to be able to feed the giraffes. They are all friendly and excited to see you. We got drinks from the food places and they don't give lids or straws because they can be harmful to the animals. Understandable but why are we filling up these drinks to the very top?  The kids with me had full icees that was a mess and my soda spilled everywhere in my stroller because the paths are bumpy. So I would recommend bringing an empty drink container with a reuse able straw and lid and pour your drink into that. I would recommend the zoo. I wouldn't spend my money on the extra rides though. It is an easy walk just a heads up it is all dirt paths.
5	This zoo was great, the variety of animals was impressive. They even had my fiance's favorite - penguins!
5	Great place to visit specially with Kids. Went there with my sister niece and nephew had a really great time that's right the train that gives you a better look at the animals. Me and my nephew got to feed the giraffe which was pretty cool. Got to pet the sting rays.
4	The new addition really makes this place a whole day event. We barely made it to the safari area before they started to close! I love this place and how they care for the animals. The new aquarium area is becoming amazing with all the new additional items added. Love the otters!
4	Wow what a great experience this zoo was, It was definitely worth the long drive. The prices weren't too bad for admission and they have $4 off coupons in ValPak. We got there at around 1:30 and still had time to do everything by 6pm and that also included us dining in at Dillon's. We had asked if there were anymore eating areas and was told no so we ate there. WRONG! There were a couple eating areas in the park but we actually enjoyed the restaurant so we didn't mind too much. We finished up with lunch and we started our long awaited journey. I've never seen so many exotic birds they kept on getting more beautiful after the next. The monkeys of course were my favorite. They were very hyper today swinging around showing off their acrobatic skills haha the lions were lazy they were asleep when we went by.. kind of bummed but we did get to see the other awesome cats such as the jaguars, white tigers and orange tigers. The aquarium was amazing! I really enjoyed looking and touching the different species. The stingrays are the coolest, I love the way they come up to you for attention. They have feeding sessions for $3.00 and there were others where you could just walk up and touch them like the star fish, horseshoe crabs and sea urchants.It was overall a fun experience. I'd definitely go again, this time of the year is a great time to go.. definitely recommend bringing quarters to feed the giraffe it was a lot of fun, we were there for like 20 minutes. They also have a petting zoo but we didn't get a chance to go in. They kicked everyone out at 5:45.
4	I think the only better zoo experience I have been to is the San Diego Zoo -- which says a lot about this place. The first impression I had when coming here was thinking it was going to be crowded because parking was difficult. The lot was full and people were down to making their own spots wherever it made sense.Upon entering, however, we found out that this place is HUGE. Crowds were not a problem and the exhibits were all done very well. There is construction going on so it is obviously expanding even further in some places.The only downside (using the San Diego Zoo as a comparison) is you do not get the sense that there infrastructure for managing people has come up to par with the great job they seem to do for the animals. I think this will work out over time but that is the only thing keeping that last star away from this rating.As a bonus for the day we were there the Thunderbirds performed part of their show over head as they flew in and out of the actual Luke Air Force Base show center.
4	Just came back after a visit here. Nice place, nice exhibits. Couldn't see much as i had a 4 month old baby to manage. I will say this :  They need to give accurate information. The website says ticket price for adults is $32. At the entrance we are told its $34. Train ride is every 7 minutes or lasts for 7 minutes. Didn't quite get what the lady at the booth said. Would be helpful to put up a sign/ mention on the website. Carry enough cash with you to pay for rides and for a meal at the Congo Cooker. Dillion's prob accepts credit cards, but as we didn't go there, I do not know. They do have an ATM . They do not accept Amex. Overall a good place for family visit. Vegetarians beware: not many food choices here. And no outside food allowed.
5	I love this place!! WIldlife World Zoo has it all over the Phoenix Zoo.. Yeah it is a little further out from the East Valley but it is so worth it!!! The variety of animals, fishes and other critters were amazing. YOU can bring in bottle drinks!! YES!!  YOU can bring in your own water or lunch!! We ate at Dillion's Bar-B-Que. I admit I was leery... how good is it going to be? Surprise!! I had the brisket sandwich. A large potato bun and the meat was rolled in such a way that the entire bun was filled with 1" thick brisket. Excellent!! I had thought that the price of admission was high but after going through the zoo and seeing the animals and how well they are maintained... the price is worth it!!
4	One thing I forgot to mention in my review earlier:-- the stereo music for the " wildlife encounters" show is just tOoo LOUD. Jarring music, enough to make adults cry, let alone little children. What about noise pollution and the birds? You are a zoo, supposed to be keeping your inmates and visitors hearing proficiency safe.
5	Up close and personal... Tremendous variety of animals... Feed a giraffe... Very clean... Highly recommended even for teenagers... Spend the $4 bucks and take the sky ride... Oh bring quartered for food!!!! ( for the animals!) must see!!!!
5	Excellent place for kids on a family day. Several rides around the park. I definitely recommend both the flume ride and the sky tram. We didn't feed the giraffes but that looked fun too. Plus they have icees there. That takes me back. :)
2	Went here with Daughter and Grandson last week.  Very mixed feelings about this place.  The zoo infrastructure portion looked tired and unkept, while on the other hand, the aquarium had a lot of new stuff going on.  Prices were very high compared to other parks we have visited.  For the most part, this was a disappointment.  Over $30 per adult and then you even had to purchase ride tickets on top of that.  The value was just not there.  We will not be returning to this place.
3	The aquarium really saved us on this hot sunny day. While I appreciate how interactive the zoo part of the park is (you can feed a bunch of the animals), it's still very dusty and lacking in shade. Since I'm visiting from out of town, I only had an umbrella stroller and it was not enough for the zoo's rough terrain. After visiting the petting zoo and walking ~10 minutes to see the giraffes, we were done being in the sun. Luckily, we were able to spend the remainder of the afternoon walking through the four air conditioned aquarium buildings. My 10 month old loved all the tanks- the fish are very visible and active. I was impressed with some of the species they had: nautilus, sea horses, otters, penguins, to name a few. Some of the animals are in really sad conditions, though. The sea lion was having a panic attack in the corner of his tiny pool and the birds in the aquarium seemed miserable. While, like I mentioned, I appreciate the ability to interact with animals, this park seems more focused on entertaining rather than teaching & learning. As a teacher myself, I dislike that about it. Nevertheless, to make my kid happy, I'd like to come back with a jogging stroller on a cloudy day. I think we'd get more out of our visit & def feel better about paying $34 a head.
3	This was okay.  Not my favorite zoo or the best but still okay.
5	I brought my boyfriend here for a belated birthday celebration. We went on a Monday and were able to get discount tickets through Amazon Local. Coming from the Chicago suburbs, I was pleasantly surprised how easy of a drive it was to get there and how quiet the zoo was. Brookfield or Lincoln Park Zoo is usually busy with some class trip or tourists visiting the area. But we got a clear view of all the animals and weren't being run over by agitated moms and their strollers. I like how some of the habitats mix various animals together instead of separating them. There is some construction going on, and the zoo appears to be making some nicer exhibits for the panthers and sea lions. It's also cool to see the baby animals in the nursery because a lot of zoos usually keep them out of sight until they are ready to be put in the habitats. There are some zoo animals you can pet if you get close enough and don't have to pay extra to do so. You do pay extra for rides, a train, or the lift that goes above the park, but those are all optional and you can get around find without them.
5	Love this place! Looks and feels small but this place has it all.  Our 2 year old loves birds and this place has hundreds! She was so excited.   She even got to feed some while they sat on her arm.  You can also feed the giraffes.   Lots of animals we have never seen before I highly recommend.
2	Despite the multiple signs "getting better and better" it's still a hot mess. This park would need millions to revamp everything where people are excited to go see animals. Because it felt like death in there animals looked sad and a lot lonely. And not sure why indoor exhibits smell like crap. All the glass exhibits look like they are not cleaned regularly eitherFor the price you have to pay...save it to go to a better place like San Diego, until they make improvements fast
4	I really enjoy coming here, I still remember my first time was a 7th grade field trip over night. Amazing experience! They have you sleep in a room with bugs (in containers not crawling free). They have little food areas set up but when we went not all of them were open, forcing you to walk all the way around again to get a snack. The food is nothing to be excited about, but there's a restaurant there too. I do love all the animals, they always seem well cared for. The grounds are always clean too. The new aquarium is fun with hands on exhibits. The penguins are hilarious! There are coupons that come out locally, that's what makes it affordable. I dump money on the rides, feeding giraffes and snacks, it adds up super quick!
3	For some reason, I was expecting a lot more. This is called the Wildlife WORLD Zoo and Aquarium, but I felt like there weren't as many types of animals as we had hoped. Every time I turned around, it was just another bird cage or another type of antelope. Birds are definitely the "filler" animal at this zoo.My fiance and I came here using a Groupon, and were happy to get $10 off per ticket, as we would have felt ripped off spending $32 per ticket.
2	I don't know what's happening to this place. But I don't like it. The aquarium is boring. And it STINKS to high heaven. Some spots smelled so bad I could barely stand it. Up by the lights in the ceiling, cobwebs. The stingray tank smelled awful. The other area where you could pet sea life stunk. I've been to other aquariums with these features and never experienced this.Some of the habitats for the animals are SAD. The giraffes....there are no trees for them. They have barely any space. This place is crazy expensive to get into. What are they spending our money on?!I will make the long drive and go to the Phoenix Zoo next time. This place is sad and I won't be shocked if it's found out this place is being misrun. No more of my money you shall get, subpar and sad zoo!
5	Been here thrice b4 (usually w/ the nieces in tow) & each time there's new additions/improvements/expansions which puts the Phoenix Zoo 2 shame (much as I like them). Not only r they massive in scale by comparison, u get 2 c most of the animals (many of them rare) in their enclosures as ur in much closer proximity 2 them. Parents need 2 more closely monitor their kids here as it's easy 2 get past the barriers & curious fingers have gotten pecked @ w/ the inevitable wailing that follows 4 not being tended 2 enough while being busy distracted by watching other animals instead.   Some exhibits, u even get 2 engage w/ such as my favor8 giraffe feeding which I end up spending @ least 1/2 my time in front of. There's also a sting~ray feeding if u wanna shell out a few bucks instead of quarters @ the giraffe dispensers. We started @ the log ride 2 cool off as it was a blisteringly hot day & tho it was a rather short ride it was still scenic & served it's purpose. So we actually spent more $$ @ the beginning (admission, log ride, ray feeding, drinks, popcorn) & less toward the end. I always come expecting 2 pay a bit 4 anything as this is an AMAZING EXPERIENCE Every Time & obviously goes back in2 caring 4 all the 1Derful animals & maintaining this Beautiful zoo.   I skipped the sky~lift ride myself but walked underneath my nieces the whole way who were having a gr8 time taking in the sights of the park from their perspective while hovering above me. The Aquarium & all it offers is a must see & b experienced in it's entirety 4 urself. There's not enough praise I can give Wildlife World Zoo & Aquarium but I'll always luv every opportunity 2 frequent here!!  Keep up UR AMAZING WORK while providing us such an interactively AWESOME Experience w/ so many of these sacred & interesting creatures... so appreci8 this place & is most Defin8ly worth the trip & the long~lasting memories it cre8es!!!Btw, 1 of my fave moments was when my sister's hubby went 2 take a pic of a gorgeous black jaguar laying on the fencing above his head & he simultaneously got snarled, swatted & hissed @ scaring the dicken's (or piss) out of him. Jumping out of his skin was an underst8ment but guess he also learned a lesson (while we got a laugh @ his expense 4 not considering they wouldn't like something pointed @ them or the noise it made), here's ur sign! ;-)
2	Disappointed in this zoo. Not a lot of big game animals. If you love birds you're set. Yes it's cheaper than San Diego but that zoo is worth it. They have 5 rides and only 2 working. They had a sign that the Cheetah is coming later this Spring and I'm sorry but Spring is nearly over. At the feeding Giraffe station the giraffes were across the field behind fences. The Wildlife show had a tortoise, goat, and bird...really. No elephants no pandas no koalas no bears at all the rhinoceros wasn't there no hippos a couple lions and tigers and hyenas but mostly birds besides what's mentioned. I did like the spider monkeys but they were so far away. The aquarium was pretty good.
3	First I am not a zoo person. We took our grandchild there to see the animals which he enjoyed and my enjoyment was watching him. He liked the birds, monkeys and the petting zoo. He is only 18 months old. He also enjoyed the aquarium where he could touch the animals. While I am not a zoo person I would get a year pass if their year pass was as inexpensive as the Phoenix Zoo. The day we went there were many animals that were not out or were just laying down far enough away that you could not really see them, but that is the way at a zoo. Oh, muy grandson liked the big turtles also and got to touch them. He is big on touching things and he had plenty of opportunities to do this. If their admission price and season admission price was more reasonable I would be a fan and take my grandchildren often. In many cases this will be their only opportunity to see these animal.If you are a zoo person go see this zoo. I believe you will like.
4	Mostly appealing with a few boring and sad displays... Overall, we were pleased with this place - I'm being a little generous with the 4-stars, I'd probably give it closer to 3 and 1/2 stars, if that were possible. My wife and I have been to both the Phoenix Zoo and this place, I'd give the nod to the Phoenix Zoo simply because everything is generally cleaner and newer and more "professional-looking." However, I like the open feel of this place. There were not big crowds to deal with - of course it was the middle of June (!) so I'm sure that had something to do with it, but with the Phoenix Zoo there are a lot of narrow concrete sidewalks, whereas this place has wide dirt roads to walk, and some boardwalk areas, which makes it feel a lot more open. There were many places we were able to set up the tripod and take photos of ourselves without anyone around! No way that would happen at the Phoenix Zoo.I would say the nicest areas of this zoo are on the East end - specifically the Aquariums and the African Safari part of the zoo. These are the newer exhibits and are the highlights of this place without a doubt! The safari theme is particularly well done - you feel like you are having a mini adventure. And it's nice to see that the animals in this area, the giraffes, the ostrich, wildebeests, gazelles and deer all have a nice amount of space to run about.  As some reviewers that have given this place one or two stars have pointed out, there are some "sad" and dirty areas - most notably the Small Mammal exhibit (located near the West Entrance) features a handful of small mammals in small plain rooms with vinyl tile floors and nothing else in the room except pea-stained towels on the floor. I've never seen animals look so pitiful before! The exhibit has a terrible urine smell as well, which you will surely notice as you enter the exhibit. Feel free to skip this area, or visit it and write them a letter or email urging them to move the animals out of this exhibit or remodel it! They are spending $$$ on a new Sea Lion exhibit, but perhaps they should resolve some of the older areas of the zoo before moving onto new ones. Nothing against sea lions, but the small mammals deserve a new home first before bringing in new exhibits. Although I'm sure it's a $$$ driven decision.The entrance fee for (2) people with a ValPak coupon brought us to $60, which is a bit pricey I think, but you do get 4 hours of entertainment here give or take. Maybe longer if you move about more slowly. Another $20 got us a cheeseburger and chicken salad and large coke for lunch at the Safari Grill. The food was pretty decent for zoo food, but although the outside of the Safari Grill is cute, it is a bare bones, vanilla plane cafeteria style inside! How about some cool Safari theme items inside for decorations? I like to feel like my $60 is being put to more than just profit. A few tips: you can bring in your own water, and I carried in a backpack which they didn't check so I guess you could probably bring in a few snacks as well. You have to park at the main entrance, which is the East entrance - visitors are not allowed access through the West Parking Lot - at least not when I was there.  The East entrance is where the new attractions are - the Aquarium and African Safari - so some people might wish to start there. Although on the other hand it's kind of nice to save the Aquarium for later in the day when it gets hot, at least you will be inside where it's cooler. We started moving west from the entrance and moved to the old areas of the zoo first in the morning and then looped back around to the newer exhibits and the Aquarium in the afternoon when it was hottest. Give yourself 4-5 hours to see everything, including a lunch stop. There are places to eat and vending machines located conveniently throughout the property. $2 for a can of coke in the vending machines. The eateries do not provide straws or plastic lids for your cups. There are little 50 cent machines you can buy food to feed some of the animals, so bring quarters if that's your kind of thing. No elephants. Expect a lot of noisy kids running about which is much more noticeable inside the Aquarium rooms.
5	I love this place! My son loves to see the aquarium and wildlife.  Although, they are constantly adding more and more but it doesn't interrupt the views and attractions. The some staff are very friendly and some seem distracted by dude conversations. The ticket prices are good we get ours from Luke AFB. My son loves to feed the giraffes and of course mocking the birds.
1	Saw this place was advertising on Groupon with a $23 Adult Admission into the park, so I thought I'd give this zoo a visit! The normal admission for an adult would usually be $32, which would have definitely been way overpriced.It's not the worst zoo that I've ever been to, but it's nowhere near even average.The overall vibe I got from the place was that of loneliness and depression. There was barely anybody in the park on a Saturday around 4PM and none of the restaurants in the park were open for business save for Dillon's BBQ, which sits at the entrance of the park. Only half of the rides placed throughout the park were actually running, while the carousel loomed silently in front of the small mammal building and the boat ride that ran around the kangaroo habitat looked to have been abandoned for quite some time.The exhibits are spread out pretty far, so you might find yourself walking pretty far between displays without seeing much of anything...except for BIRDS. As mentioned in other reviews, the answer to empty space in this park is filling it with habitats full of birds. I've never seen so many birds at a zoo in my life!A lot of the animals looked miserable, which I thought to be understandable since some of the enclosures looked so filthy and ill-maintained. The alligator enclosure near the kids area was particularly bad, as the glass was so dirty as well as the inside of the display that I couldn't necessarily tell it was an alligator inside at first.Speaking of the exhibits, i would say that a lot of the displays are far too small for the animals being held. Perhaps the most grueling example of this was a small turtle enclosure by the west entrance of the park. I peered into the pond and saw a turtle eating the carcass of another turtle in the pool. I had to keep myself from throwing up! It was horrific! There's also a lot of "Construction" being done on this place, with what looked to be new habitats coming in for the jaguars and otters...as well as a whole new portion of the park to be called "Adventure Land". They should perhaps focus on re-upping  the facilities they already have before adding more.The saving grace of this attraction is the aquarium. Even though it's also not the greatest aquarium in the world, it's pretty neat to walk around and take in. It's maintained far better than the zoo and most of the displays are pretty neat to look at! The sea lions habitat is a bit small for three of them to be living in, but otherwise it's much more enjoyable then the depressing side of the zoo. Overall, I can't recommend this zoo. The aquarium is worth a visit, but not for $32.
3	Nice zoo, the animals seem happy, but do NOT visit during monsoon season! If you do, load up with insect repellant. They have entirely too much stagnant water just sitting in habitats which is a breeding ground for Mosquitos :/ I'm sure the USDA would write them up for this. I'm sure the animals are as miserable as I am with all the 30+ mosquito bites I acquired from this place! 3 days later and I'm still suffering. The water features in most habitats was also pretty bad and need better filtration.
4	I went here yesterday and ate at Dillion's BBQ, I had a tiny issue with my food and they fixed it instantly and it was perfect. The manager was great with me, and I will defiantly be back
5	My kids absolutely love this place. It's not fancy as it's a privately owned zoo, but I would spend money here over the city zoo any day.
1	Incredibly depressing. Please take care of your animals. Most of them were visibly stressed, agitated or just unkempt. Several ( most) birds and primates had clearly picked their feathers and fur. The aquarium is much nicer but they have a Red tailed Hawk in there!!!! With no sun, no light and no freedom. They are majestic creatures and don't belong inside an aquarium. If I knew who to call to have them inspected I would. These are living creatures not inanimate objects for profit. Don't go if you have a shred of humanity.
4	I had a blast here with my family. The employees were very welcoming. Not sure what I expected but I was very impressed. The zoo was huge! I love all the trees on the paths that provided much needed shading. There's not a lit of extras like concession stands so I would suggest packing a picnic or snacks in a back pack. The only other tip I have is take your time and explore the entire park. Birds are in Judy about every area but once you get past them (and there are tons) you will find some great animals. This place is like a hidden treasure within Phoenix that  glad I discovered. I will def go back!
4	I had to much fun going! I'm not much of a zoo person and prefer conservation centers more because I feel like the enclosures at most zoos are too small for the animals. This place had very wide open and big enclosures for most of the animals and I really enjoyed that. I would come back again!  They have an almost pure white tiger and a white lion, those are both pretty rare cats and it was worth admission just to see these beautiful cats. Most, if not all of the animals were out to see. The only few complaints I would have about this place is the soda machines are almost all out of order, there isn't a whole lot of signs around to tell you where certain exhibits are. The jaguar seemed agitated and I felt horrible for him and couldn't find any water for him anywhere and he was warm and panting. Also some of the rides were down that should've been working. All in all I would come back here again, but maybe in the winter when the weather cools down. Be ready to do some walking if you go to this zoo because its huge and there's a lot to see. The aquariums were beautiful and so were the fish.
2	It's hard to review this place.  First if all, the admission price was a little difficult to swallow @ $30 each.  I would have felt a little better if they didn't change for a number of things" i.e. the sky tram.   It is true that you can get close to many of the animals.
2	Decided to visit with the family and I have to say, my overall opinion is a bit disappointing.World Wildlife Zoo is located in Litchfield Park next to the Luke Air force base.  There's lots of parking which is free.  The zoo is large and it's about $32 for entry as an adult but we managed to snag a deal on Groupon which they happily honored and brought down the entry fee to about $23.  The zoo is large so be prepared to walk however one should consider bringing sneakers as it's mostly dirt roads so open-toed slippers isn't a good idea.  One should also spray themselves with bug spray before coming if you're planning on wearing shorts or sleeveless as there are some bugs around some of the animal pens.There are lots of exhibits however I found that around every corner was bird exhibits and this should be an aviary rather than a zoo as there's more bird exhibits than regular exhibits.  Some exhibits allow you to feed the animals however there aren't any antiseptic gel dispensers so one should walk with some Purrell hand sanitizer after you've fed the animals as it could get sloppy.Be sure to bring a backpack with water as I didn't find too many concession stands evenly spaced around the place selling drinks.Before leaving be sure to check out the aquarium to the left of the entrance.  I can easily see how it can be missed as there aren't too many glaring signs for it but it's worth it.  For me, I thought it was better than the regular zoo.Some of the enclosed exhibits, e.g. newborn smelled malodorous so be prepared to gag if you don't have a strong stomach.  I found that these particular areas could've been cleaned and aerated better for the public.Definitely not worth coming back to.
3	We went here for the happiness of my kids. Of course they all enjoyed the place while seeing the different kinds of creatures. But as an adult some issues needs to raise with regards to facilities. The place was pleasant to the eyes and the smell is a bit stinky.  Hopefully to our next visit I can give u 5 stars.
5	It's true, there are a lot of birds to see here. Some might say too many. But, the countless number of birds are donations from folks who either died (birds live a loooong time) or people who didn't want the responsibility of owning one anymore, so I think it's great the zoo is providing otherwise homeless pets a home. As for the other animals, it seems to me that this zoo provides a wider array than the Phoenix zoo. From albino gators to the various sea animals, there's just more to see here. Also, at the Wildlife Zoo and Aquarium you have the opportunity to get closer to many of the animals, such as the kangaroos, monkeys, and giraffes. There's no additional charges to feed the animals either. As for admission, yeah, it's a little pricey but they do offer various half off discounts and BOGOF coupons via Groupon and inside egg cartridges at Target and Sprouts, and you can pay half price after 5 pm if you're only interested in seeing the aquarium.
4	A little over priced, but loved that we were able to get up close and personal with the animals..better than most Zoo's
5	I love this zoo, our family prefers this one over the other famous one.  We come here at least 4 times a year.  We enjoy the interaction with the animals.  The jaguars are so close you could touch them, although that would be ill advised.  We love the parrot feeding, it is at 11:00 am and you get to pick up a piece of apple and the birds will fly to you.  At one point I had about 4 or 5 birds on one arm.  The giraffe station has changed so it is a little harder to feed them.  They are always adding, I can't wait to see the new seal pool, it is going to be so cool.  My little boy keeps wanting to go to the ship (the shape of the theater where the seal pool is).  They started at the beginning of the year and it is still under construction as of September 28th/14 when we went last.  The aquarium is really great, so many things to enjoy.  We don't mind having to pay for the different options they have.  The sky lift is $4 per person and it gives you a birds eye view of the zoo.  The train ride is under remodeling also, as well as the boat ride.  The tram ride on the new Safari Park is $5. You don't get to see as much of what is in the safari park, so make sure you walk through it.I love that they have a restaurant instead of just the concession stands. Dillon's is not the best, but for a park it is a great option.  We love to sit by the shark tank.  My kids love watching those sharks go around and around.  There is a sting ray station outside the restaurant.  I tried feeding them ($3), but it freaked me out so much I ended up tossing the little shrimps.  Hickman's egg cartons has a coupon, buy one get one.  I am stocking up on them.
4	There was a great selection of animals to see including a giraffe feeding area. I was disappointed that the train, boat, log ride and anything else cost more after an already expensive ticket in. Both the train and boat were closed when we were there and didn't look like they'd operated in a while. For being a weekday, there were maybe 10 other people that we saw so it felt like we had the place to ourselves.
2	I had read some of the reviews and even know some where negative I saw lots of positive ones as well.  I will say that I agree totally with another yelper on here that the Aquarium is the saving grace of this place.  Many of the little critters cages in glass like the monkeys are bare, small and the animals do not look happy.  The squirrel was going crazy and its friend just sat on a "branch" looking sad.  There is no live plants just painted walls so no wonder these poor things are not happy.  The white tigers just paced along the fence because it's WAY too small for them.  They really need to get larger cages and room for these animals. Our son who is 13 said they look so sad, that hurt my heart.  I agree that they need to step up and improve the conditions for the animals that are there and yes, TONS of birds, I have never seen so many in a Zoo.  The train and boat ride were both out of order which would have been nice to know prior to us going as I was on their website that morning.  I will give compliments to Dillons and the staff, Jessica our waitress was awesome and very helpful!  The food was also reasonable for the price. I hope they clean up and make the conditions more plants and earth friendly for the animals there and clean out the lighted signs that have cockroaches in them :(Last thing, the signs tell about the animals are faded and located where you cant read them very well.  Over all a nice day and great Aquarium!  :)
3	We have been zoo members for about 4 years.  While we love seeing the animals, I am disappointed by the expansions and higher costs.  They keep adding attractions - a luge ride, an improved train, etc.  I don't think a zoo needs all of those things ,when you are there to see the animals!  The cost is prohibitive if you are going to take a large family, but if you can afford an annual pass, it's worth it!The aquarium is great for the summer, and we also like to feed the lorries.
4	This zoo was very different then your average zoo. You can really get up close with the animals. If you have kids that like to touch and chase animals not a good idea lol. Otherwise it has every animal known to man including sealife. The zoo was amazing I can say you get bang for your buck. Use the groupon and save 10.00 per person. Wear sneakers you hate because the whole park is dirt. Eat with the Sharks at the restaurant which is a good price then go to the aquarium after because it closes later.
5	Our child loves the petting zoo area. Her favorite animals are the wallabies. I only wish the areas for the Tigers were a little bigger. Would love to do a charity thing at the zoo to raise money for the Tiger Enclosures. And even a bigger area for the wallabies.
5	Wow wow wow.. must be on everyone too do list..cant even explain how great this place.. the staff the places to eat.. plenty of restrooms... lots of space to see the animals..cant wait to come back again
4	We had a really great time here! It was so big we didn't have enough time to see the whole place. I think that's a good problem. :-)The only reason for the four stars is because of two reasons:You have to have cash for everything inside the park! Kind of annoying especially when they don't tell you as you are entering the park. The second reason is the lack of kid friendly food. I understand the high prices inside of a park but to not have any healthy options for them is unacceptable! Also since the majority of their customers are kids to not have any high chairs or booster seats is just lame!But overall it was a great experience! A huge variety of animals!My tip is to bring cash and your own food.
5	This is by far the best zoo I have ever visited!  You are able to get extremely close to all the animals and there are so many things to see and do.....you will not get through it in one day.  We bought a yearly pass yesterday and had so much fun that we came back today.....and we still have not gone to all the exhibits! (But we do have a 2 and 3 year old so we move a bit slower than those without little ones.)  The petting zoo is fun and conveniently located right next to a large playground.  The kiddos had a great time taking a break from walking and playing on the equipment while my husband and I got a chance to sit down and have a break too!  Be sure to have plenty of quarters so you can feed the giraffes, kangaroos, and various other animals.  They will walk right up to you, it's so fun!  The aquarium is AWESOME!  There is even a place to feed and pet the stingrays.  I'm looking forward to riding the water roller coaster this summer.  (There is also a couple of train rides, a sky tram, and casserole that range in price from  $2.50-$5.00 per person---kids 2 and under are free).  I would highly recommend this zoo to anyone....and to get the yearly pass.....it's by far worth the money and it even includes 2 free adult passes!  ***The food is of course highly priced and not healthy so I brought in my own snacks and water bottles for my kiddos.  Instead of spending the cash on food you can use it for rides! Last year my parents took my oldest child to this zoo and went to Dillon's restaurant.  They were very impressed with the food as well as the cost.  They have a great happy hour and always run coupons in the paper so I'm excited to try this out on our next visit!
5	On January 3, 2015, we visited the zoo for the very first time while visiting our son and his family.  Can I say amazing.  I think what was great is that it wasn't crazy crowded like San Diego or LA Zoo's.  I have never been to a zoo where the animals are so close.  Amazing!!  The animals were all so good looking.  This was the first time I have ever seen a white peacock.  What? I didn't even know there was such a thing!  We took the boat ride and it was fun.  I think Elliott, the  cockatoo, was very very happy to see us.  He was carrying on moving his head back and forth.  He cracked me up.  The monkeys were awesome.  The big cats were so beautiful.  I could watch them all day.  We got to see the cheetah's eat, so cool. Feeding the giraffes was just totally awesome!   Now, u can't do that at San Diego or LA Zoo.  My husband says that I am the biggest kid.  This place did bring out the kid in me.  I had so much fun.  I really, really enjoyed this place and spending the day with my grandkids was priceless. I will never forget my day at this zoo!  I'm telling everybody about this place because it rocks!.
1	Zoo habitats are not kept well, animals walking around in their own feces and a baby alligator had no food or water in his cement cage. There's more birds than anything and all the animal cages are too small given the size of the animal. The zoo is right next to an Airforce base and the zoo doesn't even offer a military discount for their WAY overpriced tickets ($35/adult)
4	During our spring break, we only had a couple of days to spend in Wildlife with our 5 and 8 year old boys. The zoo was a great place to go on a weekday in March because we basically had the place to ourselves. We got to watch the polar bears feed 6 feet in front of us. The Reptile House was a huge hit with the kid who loves lizard, and even the rest of us who don't. The TreeHouse was a good place to let off some steam and play hide and go seek. I'm sure our experience would have been much different on a hot July day when vacationers and locals with kids are trying to find something to do to keep busy. The fee is pretty pricey, but if you pack your own lunch, park on the street, and make a day of it, it's a lot more bang for the buck than taking the kids to a mind-numbing 2 hour movie.
